5	I'm just like Patrick, when I was in Vegas we had to go to Four Kegs.  We saw it on the Food Network and we went.  It was good.  The food was cheap and huge portions.  We split an original Stromboli and fried mac and cheese.  The Stromboli was a bit overwhelming for me but my boyfriend loved it.  The crust on it was out of this world fantastic.  The fried mac and cheese was also super good.  My boyfriend's cousin go the grilled chicken sandwich with fries and that was also huge.  She seemed to like it and the fries were the yummy steak cut ones.  I'll go back if I'm in Vegas again for longer then 2 days and/or if I start going back on a more regular basis.  Definitely a great local dive.
5	So get this, my parents are in Lost Wages on a brief vacation.  I'm up here in Seattle watch'n TV.  While flipping through the channels the good old Food Network pops up and I see my favorite show, Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives, while half watching the show and checking up on e-mail I hear something about Las Vegas and a place where the host spent many a moon at during his youth.  So as I'm watch'n them make up a Stromboli my mouth is totally watering, once the show is over, I picked up the cell phone to give my parent's a jingle.After getting all the details on directions and address and my explanation that this place could be a total "dive", I mean it's located in a strip-mall, they trekked over to see what this place was all about.  As they walked in the door they were greeted by a happy-go-lucky gentleman who said right away, "Oh, you must have seen us on the Food Channel!"  They nodded in agreement and their new best friend Mario led them to the small-ish dinning room toward the back of the "casinodivebarrestaurant" much to their delight the "back" of the bar was packed with people, an old wives tale my mom believes that if there are plenty of "locals" the food must be good.  As Mario cleared a small table for my parent's he continued to entertain/chat with them, he even cut off the football game on the TV's to turn on a VCR recording of the Food Channel episode where they were featured!  Much to the chagrin of some of the "regulars".My mom had the buffalo wings, I'll preface to say she often drinks Tabasco instead of coffee sometimes in the AM.   Well, after munch'n on the wings, even she had to admit to my dad they were a bit "zippy".  My dad got worked over by some kind of sandwich to which he mentioned it was HUGE and very tasty.  Strangely there were no leftovers....So, you might be wondering why I'm Yelp'n a place I've never stepped foot into.... Instead of getting some lame t-shirt from Vegas, I got a STROMBOLI!!!  WOW!!  Nice move parental units!!!  Even reheated in the toaster oven this bad-boy was out freaking standing!!  A very nice crust, plenty of goodies inside and it was re-born, via toaster oven, nicely even after a 2-3 hour flight from Vegas!!The place is open 24hrs, whew, needless to say, it's on my "todo" list the next time I'm in town!!
5	4 &1/2 stars for this great dive. We drove up from San Diego and got here at 1am and by then, we had to push a buzzer for them to open the door- a little ghetto. The Stromboli and the pizza was soo good, but minus 1/2 a star for the waitress who wouldn't leave us alone and who was hovering on top of me as I was trying to figure out how much to tip her. Pizza and strombolis were half price when we were there, so it was cheap!
5	5 STARS for sure!!If you are in vegas and have a car, this place is worth the drive. This was actually a food network find... the pizza, stromboli, and calzone, absolutely to die for!!!  And cheap!! Took my friends here when we were craving pizza, i was alittle unsure since i had never been there, but i took the chance. We pulled up and i was kinda nervous, i dont like being the one that reccomends a bad restaurant. THe parking lot was pretty empty the place looked run down... but i was positive... And foodnetwork did not let me down!! My friends and i could not stop talking about how good and cheap the food was!!  Definitely reccomend to make the short drive, bout 10 minutes from the strip right off the freeway!
5	i love four kegs! saw this place on diners drive ins and dives. guy was actually right this time, the food is so good! every time we go to Vegas, which is quite often, we have to stop in at four kegs! i recommend the bolis, the pizza and the wings! The boli (stromboli) is so delicious, its like a calzone filled with yummy goodness! You can split it though which makes it nice because then you can try more things on the menu! I highly recommend this place! Each time we have been, we never have to wait to sit down, and the staff is nice! It's a little ways from the strip but worth the drive!!
5	So there isn't anything "magical" about this place.. however, I can't find anything to fault it on! Atmosphere.. ok, dingy, but hell this is a dive! Service was AMAZING.. very friendly and very prompt.. can't say enough on that. Also, from watching the other 2 waitresses in action it appears all the waitstaff here is friendly and prompt..Ok, now on to to the food. We tried the fried mac and cheese, mini corndogs, and of course the original stromboli. Fried mac and cheese... very very good. I've had this dish in chicago many times, but this is the best one I've had. It's fried in egg batter rather than just breaded, and the pieces are small and manageable. Mini corndogs.. well they were just mini corndogs. Stromboli was so good! I'd also like to add that they make these from Scatch so you can add/take out things to your hearts desire. Lastly... the price... amazingly cold draft Coors light set us back $2 each (on a Saturday nigh no less), and 4 beers + our food came up to only $28 with tax.. not bad at all. It is just bar food, but it's bar food done right! Great service, prices, and quality will make me a regular here!
5	what can i say other than i LOVE four kegs!! after seeing them on diners, drive ins, and dives we had to check it out for ourselves. my boyfriend and i always split a boli(stromboli), an order of hot wings, and a few coors lights to top it off! the pizza is delicious but then again everything on the menu ive had has  been DELICIOUS! MMM mmm MMM!!! i love this place!!
4	The Four Kegs rocked!  Friendly people and the meatball boli was awesome!  The dough was super-fresh, tastey and cooked just right!  A good place to find...  Shiner Bock on tap, another plus!  Watched the Lakers game as we plowed through the Spicy BBQ wings, that hit the spot!
4	Four Kegs has good stramboli.  We ordered the original and it was as good as Food Network said it would be with a side of marinara sauce.  We also ordered the Buffalo Wings appetizer...which was also good. it came with fries.  we ate everything.  coors light was $2.
4	The Stromboli was awesome! I had a taste of my wife's and it was gooood! My father and I had the Philly Cheese steak which was also awesome! Beers were $2 that's a deal even if you are in Vegas. This place is definitely worth driving out to next time your visiting Las Vegas.
4	update! We went here again because we wanted our friends to try it and they've seen it on food network too.It was as good as the first time I had it... Even better actually. There were 4 of us and we shared a LARGE original stramboli which has sausage, pepperoni and ham with marinara sauce in their amazing soft bread. The bread is so good I can eat it by itself. Along with that stramboli we had mac and cheese wedges which is fried mac n cheese, hot chicken wings and mini corndogs..all with ranch dressing. So unhealthy but so good. We are going to try to pay a visit every time we are in vegas.
2	We went here after watching Guy Fieri's show on the Food Network and came specifically for the stromboli.When we got there, there was 1 waitress managing the whole restaurant...after waiting about 10 minutes (after being seated), we were given menus and a  different waitress who goes by the nickname "Hot Rod" took our orders.  1 small stromboli and 1 antipasto salad please.  2 waters.  Not that difficult, right?Not only did she get our order wrong, but she FORGOT TO PUT IT IN.  We waited about 45 minutes and when we asked about our order the other waitress checked on it and said, "I'm SO sorry...we'll get that right out."  Hot Rod walks by 5 minutes later and asks, "Did I take your order?  Where are y'all from?"  I'm thinking...didn't we have this conversation AN HOUR AGO?  We were given saltines and croutons about 50 minutes after being seated...we were so hungry we chomped on packets of saltines to whet our appetites.  How sad is that?If it weren't for the incompetent wait staff, I'd go back a second time when I'm in Vegas.  The stromboli was delicious (even though she brought out the wrong size) and the salad was nothing to boast about, though the portion was large.
3	i ain't gonna lie, even though the blowhard sold out ( TGIF ) i still like Guy " in it to win it / bananas/ blah blah blah " fieri , especially his Diners, Drive-in's and Dive's show.So i finally hit his vegas college hang, 4-Kegs to try the stromboli.  This place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall.  the dining area definitely needs a tune-up but it's all about the food !Shared an order of buffalo sliders ( thought it would be buffalo style chicken - nope, it was actual buffalo meat ) - $4.50 and a small meatball stromboli - $7.99the sliders - the meat was decent with some grilled onion - some damn cheap-o american cheese slapped on top and i don't like that they put it on a french roll then cut up into 3 pieces - not very slider-like to me.the stromboli - not bad.  it's pretty basic - coulda used a side of marinara for dipping.  the crust was good.would i go out of my way to return - no  in the area and hungry - yes.
2	Update - 10/2/13 - Last time I ordered from here, I was NOT impressed.  Their food really went downhill.  Very disappointing  :(Previous review -The place is kinda smoky and ghetto but once in the restaurant part the food is good and the prices are even better.  I *LOVE* their pizza!
4	I had the stromboli to go and I bet its better inside. By the time I got it home and around to eating it just wasn't crisp anymore. Not a good to go food but they quickly took my order and had my food prepared. I will go back.
4	After hearing about this place from a friend and DDD, I finally went there to check it out! needless to say, it is a pizza joint in a bar or vice versa! Let's get that straight, it is not going to be the cleanest, fanciest, nor is it going to appeal everybody! What it lacks in these things, is the character of the bar and FOOD! Like everybody says, the Stromboli here is one of the better ones around! Even better is that it's 50% off after midnight! Beers are ice cold! The Boli's are hot, crispy, flavorful! And the staff is pretty cool! The downside is, it is in BFE in terms of people who don't live around in immediate area! But oh well! A small price to pay for a damn good Stromboli! Cheers!
1	Guy Fieri owes me a huge apology. He owes everyone an apology. He is an ahole, and this place is the worst restaurant / bar I have ever been to. Its not that it is a dive. I like dives. It is a sh&^%t hole. The fact that you have to be buzzed in after midnight doesn't bother me. The disgusting food and poor service bothers me.The bartender will not take your food order. He has to call in some senile, toothless woman to take your order. She will come back to you several times, asking you what you ordered, as she didn't remember. Then, she served it in styrofoam containers. She should have just thrown the crap away before she gave it to me. The stromboli is disgusting. The whole thing is disgusting. If you want to clean up Vegas, start here and shut this place down.
4	The one thing I miss about Vegas, my hometown, is the various neighborhood bars and grills.  Four Kegs was my neighborhood bar and grill when I was in my early 20's.  When me and a friend had a hankering for some late night noshing, we went to the Four Kegs specifically for the strombolis.  The original is like a Meat Lovers pizza turned inside out.  My personal favorite is the turkey and swiss stromboli.  Another option includes a beef and cheddar boli.  No veggie option as of yet - sorry vegetarians of the world.  There's also no doubt that the service can some times be lacking, especially around 2 am.  I even wrote a poem about our fascinating blonde hair black roots waitress because her customer service was straight out of a John Waters' movie.  Yes, I have a special place in my heart for the Four Kegs.It's a greasy, crude, smokey (doesn't matter if they partioned off the dining area from the smokey gaming area at the bar - it's in the walls forever!), loud like your obnoxious drunk friends kind of place.  But the food they serve will satisfy your drunken needs for sure.  The Cajun fries are great, hot chicken fingers and wings fan fare, hamburgers, and ribs.  Definitely not a place for "dive bar" seeking hipsters - stay in Silverlake if that's the case!
3	Four Kegs is a complete dive bar with a separate restaurant area.  This place has character!  The stromboli is amazing here and the service is warm and friendly.The stromboli dough is on par with the best I've had anywhere.  Inside you'll find tasty, fresh cheese, delicious marinara, and good ham and sausage.  NOTE: If two of you are getting a boli then be sure to save $ and split a large instead of getting two smalls (you'll end up with the same amount of stromboli).  And please say hi to Noriko, she usually serves us and she is the nicest little Japanese lady you can imagine.
4	So basically we went like everyone else because we saw on DDD. It is way the hell out of the way and looks creepy as hell, but the food was excellent! We got the Stromboli and the Sicilian pizza... they were both amazingly yummy :) we also got the Cajun fries... ummm, not really my thing... just fries covered in Buffalo sauce. And my ex got a salad and... it was really not that good. Also, the waitress was kind of rude and... slow? I mean, she was nice, but we had to repeat our order like 5 times and go over it with her... and she just seemed to get frustrated and annoyed. All we wanted was half the pizza with one thing and half with another... but yeah. Other than that... awesome food and would definitely go back :)
5	If you know me, you know I love Diners, Drive ins and Dives. I'm actually watching it right now. And I've seen this episode before. More than once. Obviously, I have to go to 4 kegs when in Vegas. Hmmm, let's see. Deep fried everything, cold beer, delicious strombolis, no sunlight, sassy lady servers......We had macaroni and cheese fried things, cajun fries, wings, strombolis, mini corn dogs.......Super duper.
5	Best stromboli in Vegas period. Eat there if you haven't already. Beers come in goblets and their pizza is nothing short of excellent.
5	this was our last place we ate at while in vegas this time around......and the best!  yes this place is a dive bar, and yes the food is great!  the stromboli is great, pizza and wings as well.  very, very, very great bar pizza! and very good wings too!  all this great tasting food, coupled with cheap beer (shiner bock in vegas!!) and an overall cheap tab, equals perfection in my book! will always go back here.....until they screw it up!!  a hit or miss atmosphere, with them hitting it outta the ball park!! anyone who likes a hometown joint that hasn't changed much, if at all, in the past decades....and is looking for great affordable food (also featured on food network) shall look no further!!   do yourself a fave, and check it out!
1	Guy Fieri needs a slap in the face! The Four Kegs has the worst customer service I have ever seen. The waitress we had was slooowww and very forgetful. It was as if she was on medication or something worse. We arrived during off peak hours for dinner, 9 pm. After a 45 minute wait the first  of five strombolis  made it to our table--all the strombolis arrived at different times (5-10 minutes apart). Very uncomfortable to watch other folks eat. One stromboli never made it to the table, we had to flag down our medicated waitress to check on the order (which she forgot to put in). Our waitress also forgot to put in our appetizer order--we reminded her and it came after the meal. The one forgotten stromboli finally made it to our table AFTER everyone completed their meals, and it was ICE-COLD in the middle. The manager never compensated us or apologized for THEIR screw-ups. Very disappointing.Guy Fieri should be ashamed of himself for highlighting this dive on TV, he lost a lot of credibility with all of us.Oh, and the stromboli and appetizer (fried mac and cheese) was just average, nothing to brag about.
4	This is the definitive Vegas, off-strip joint! Plexi-glass nclosed smoking bar in front and funky eats in back. We had the Stromboli's and oh man were they great!!
5	This place is awesome.  Do not be afraid of the neighborhood or the outside appearance.  Actually, dont be afraid of the inside.  This place rocks.  We go to Vegas every year for a fantasy football draft.  We always try to find out of the way "gems" and saw The Four Kegs on Diners, Drive-In's, and Dives.  This was a real find.  Stromboli was amazing, wings were excellent, in fact all 21 people that we brought loved their food.  Service was as attentive as possible with 2 servers constantly making us feel at home.  Now check this out, 21 people,  some drinking beer, all big eaters and the bill was 218.00.  The best value ive ever had in Vegas.  The owner is Mario and is as geuine as nice guy as you can find.  Thanks for a great time and we will be back.
4	My cousin found out about this place on Guy Fieri's show.  This place is about 10 miles from the Strip in a very random place off the freeway.  First of all, the Stromboli's are off the hook.  I didn't get the chance to try anything else since our party mostly got the Original Stromboli because that's what it's known for.  Next time, I'm sure i'll have more of a variety The small is still pretty big so I don't know how someone can finish a large.  I should have ordered some of the buffalo wings because when the waitress was passing by with a tray of wings to serve to another table, my mouth started to water.  I don't think they see too many minorities because when we walked in, all the patrons looked up and stared.  What's worse was that the final game of the Little League World Series (Chula Vista, CA vs. Taiwan) was playing on the projector and they might have thought we were going to route against the US.  But once we started cheering for Chula Vista, they warmed up to us, haha.
5	As a party of 8, we strolled in about 2:00 pm on A Wednesday. We were seated right away and of course ordered two large Strombolis and two orders of wings which was shared between five of us. Three members of our party had a Red Neck Turkey burger and a Philly Cheese Steak sandwich, one had the Nachos,All of which were off the hook! You gotta try the Shiner Bock beer in their frosted glass which makes it a plus. All for less than $90.00! We will definitely be back!
4	My wife and I visited the Four Kegs while in Las Vegas over the weekend. I found out about it from Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. This place is definitely a Dive. There's a bar in the front and the restaurant in the back. We got there around 5 PM on a Saturday. There was one other table when we got there,  They left and one other table came in after we ordered.  The service was pretty good, but that might have been because the place was empty. There seemed to be a little confusion in the kitchen, but our order came out fairly quickly and it was correct. We split a order of mac-'n-cheese wedges and a larger originlal Stromboli.  The mac-'n-cheese wedges were ok. It tasted like out of the box mac-'n-cheese, coated in batter and deep fried. It was interesting, but probably something i would not order again.  The star of the show was the Stromboli. The dough/crust was excellent. Definitely fresh and made from scratch.  The large was perfect for my wife and I. This was my first Stromboli, so I wouldn't know a good one from a bad one.  I don't know how this stacks up to other, but I will say it was very good. If we lived in the area, we would probably go back.
4	We usually stop at Emma Jeans in Victorville on our way to Vegas but we thought we change this up a bit and try another Triple D place. We always wanted to try this place but once you get settled in Henderson you just seem to stay put. We stopped here as soon as we got into the city. Super easy to find. We ordered the Original Stromboli and the veggie appetizer that had cauliflower, mushrooms, and zucchini. The appetizers were good but the Stromboli was fantastic. I don't like beer batter too much but they do stuff right. The crust was great. We shared. I even asked for a to-go container just for the crust I didn't want to leave behind. Not crazy about the Ice T but who cares.........It's all about the Stromboli!!!!  Just looking at the picture above I could taste it and I hate that I'm so far away now.   If you tasted this.....then you know what I'm going through.........Especially if your a carb whore.
4	Diners Drives and Dives did this place justice because it was everything i thought it was going to be. The stromboli was huge and tasty, just the way it looked. Get the meatball or original and save half or finish it if you can. The gf and I started out with the macaroni wedges and hot wings. I would suggest getting the macaroni wedges they are like odering chicken nuggets but with mac and cheese inside very good! Beer is only 250 on tap i mean for vegas yea!!!!!
4	So my sister recommended trying their stromboli since her classmates have said nothing but good things about it, plus Guy Fieri made the trip out there for his Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives show. Turns out Mr. Fieri knew what was up with that place. Let me start off by saying that if you're trying to eat here and you think its close to the strip, you couldn't be more wrong haha. It's allllllll the way toward north Las Vegas out in the cuts. It's right off the freeway though, if that helps. If you can get past the appearance of the place, then you're good to go.When you walk in, its basically a small casino and bar with a few TVs blaring different sports games. Yep, total dive bar status. The dining area is in the back, and surprisingly the staff here are pretty nice. The dining room was close to empty, even though we showed up at 10 in the evening. My sister and I split a large classic stromboli while my cousin got the half turkey and swiss stromboli. It actually took awhile for our food to come out, but it was worth the damn wait. Something about the bread/crust made the stromboli delicious, beside the fact that the ham, cheese, pepperoni, and sausage made it good enough as is. Yeah, the bread was definitely what made the stromboli. Word of advice: ask for a side of ranch to go with your stromboli and you won't regret it. Well maybe you will because you may feel more gross afterwards, but the combination of those two are amazing. Worth the drive, worth the wait. Like I said, just try to get over the appearance of the place and it'll be fine.
5	I have been looking forward to going to Four Kegs every time I come to LV.  I even sacrificed not going and telling the party I was with to go while I was stuck in travel traffic and miss the occasion.  Luckily I told them to go to Four Aces (Freudian slip) so they could not find it, Ha ha.  We went and it was dark and old and reminded me of a few places in Fresno, where I grew up.  As I ventured in we were greeted in a real friendly manner and the place lightened up!  The optimum word "Stromboli" don't leave without ordering it.  What is a Stromboli?  A luscious dough baked to perfection with a filling of choice inside.  I recommend the original or the turkey and cheese.  the original has 3 types of meat cheese and sauce.  There are sides you can get which are same ole stuff.  OK my mouth is watering writing about it, so I need not go into more of a description.  Go and try it they are open 24/7 except Christmas and I think there is a half of eat in the wee morning hours.The Owner is very friendly and hospitable!  CHECK IT OUT!
2	Okay, I love Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-In's and Dives but this restaurant was a little disappointing to us.  This was definitely a dive and I don't care about that but an italian restaurant that uses canned mushrooms???????????  Thank God I didn't get the vegie "boli" and my sister in law did, I couldn't have handled that.  Our  original "boli" was okay; it didn't have a lot of meat but a lot of bread which had a great taste.  Not at all like E. Coast "boli's".  My niece (2 y.o.) got "fried" mac-n-cheese that was just Kraft.  Would I go back??  I don't think so!.  Sorry Guy.
3	Ever since we discovered this place from watching Diners, Drive-In, and Dives, my husband requires a stop here while we are in Vegas. We always get the stromboli--my husband loves it, I just like it. I personally have had better but thats because I remain loyal to my hometown Italian joint, Three Brothers, in MD.
4	Shaddy dive of a bar but the stromboli is good.  Order a stromboli with a side of marinara sauce and you're all good.  The large stromboli is huge. It's definitely enough for two normal size eaters to share. I have no idea how anything else taste here so the 4 stars are strictly for the stromboli alone.
4	Stromboli half price during NASCAR and football! Cheap booze and friendly atmosphere of locals! What else is there?  Was also featured on diners drive ins and dives
5	Stromboli - Calzone - sausage roll -- whatever you call it -- it was wonderful.  Thanks Guy Fieri!  Priscilla our waitress from Memphis gave this place the fifth star!
4	This was a featured restaurant on DDD so we had to venture out in the wilds of Vegas to find this spot.  We were there for the Stromboli, which did not disappoint.  It was so good we took 2 along for the ride back to LA to enjoy later.  The service was friendly and attentive.  It is a dive bar but the dining area is separated from the bar so its good for the kids.
5	We watched this place on triple D and let me tell you, the food is great for bar food. We had the Fried mac and cheese and the best stromboli you have ever had! They also have great specials, like half price 'boli during football games, 5 of us went in to watch a Cowboys game, each drank 8 beers(at $2.25), so 40 beers total, then we ordered 3 'boli's and 2 orders of wings and the bill was like $130 for all that(gratuity included). The service was great and this place is a great place to watch sports in a laid back atmosphe!
4	Stromboli is good, for stromboli lovers. If you go after midnight all the bolli's and pizzas are half off! YAY! I had seen the DDD episode, but for some reason never made the connection that it was Four Kegs...sad, but true.I've gotta be honest and say strombolis, pizza, greasy tomato-y things, really don't sit that well with me so I kinda avoid them but for a place like Four Kegs with legendary stromboli...I guess it's worth it? The little bites menu is excellent as well-we got the deep fried mushrooms and they were pretty tasty-the hit though was the deep fried macaroni-best I've ever had!Out of a huge group of people, one of the guys got the hot wings. I smelled the sauce as soon as the waitress brought it out, two tables down. The guy that ordered it was in tears from the heat, resulting in disbelief at the other tables...more people tried em...everyone was feeling the insane burn, more tears. These are HOT wings, beware! Hilarious though.
4	The best Stromboli on the menu is the "ORIGINAL".   We tried three others and they all kinda tasted the same, but the ORIGINAL stood out in flavor and satisfaction. The Deadzone Special is also another great incentive (1am-6am) half off!!!Now, I'm not quite sure what the fascination is with Strombolis.  To me, they are just folded over Pizzas, BUT for a folded over pizza Four Kegs does it right!This is #2 on my quest to eat at all the Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives in America (or at least in So Cal).
1	What happened to customer service????Heard good and bad about this place, plus it was on  TV so I thought I would try it for myself.  Some friends and I walk in and my first impression is it is a dump.  But I don't judge a book by its cover.  We sat at the bar and ordered a few beers.  Then it went down hill.It was like pulling teeth to get any service there.  The bartenders acted like it was a problem to get some beers.  After waiting 10 minutes with empty mugs my buddy had to speak up to get another round.  Then the bartender came over and told us "bartenders do  not like to be yelled at."  Sorry dude, but how about doing your job!!  This bartender really had a bad vibe.  Not welcoming at all.  We were talking to the couple next to us, they left with out leaving a tip.  He said the service is terrible, the waitres was rude.  Bad service equals no tip!  I can't blame them either.In the mean time, we had ordered wings and a stromboli.   We waited for over an hour for the food.  After waiting for the food, and after  the poor service at the bar we just decided to leave.  Why was this place on Diners Drive-in and Dives?  This place is way over hyped.  You can go to any decent pizza joit and get a stromboli.  Its a pizza pocket folks.  Bar food in a dirty run down place.  Rude bartenders.  Poor service.  Guy Fieri had one thing right...this place is a dive!
3	I can't think of a more Americanized version of an Italian dish than stromboli, so it is only appropriate that the Four Kegs, a humble sports bar, would have the best version in Vegas. After hearing about these strombolis on one of our favorite Food Network shows, 'Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives,' my husband and I decided to visit this hole in the wall. Upon entering this particular dive we were shocked at the popularity, but upon discovering that draft beer was only $2.50/pint we immediately solved the first part of the puzzle.Next came the salad ($1.75). It was a watery mess of iceberg and iceberg, which was so bad I couldn't bring myself to finish it (and I always finish my salad). At least it was fresh? At this point, we were hoping that something redeeming could come out of the kitchen. We were then hit with the Cajun fries ($2.95), which, seeing how there was nothing Cajun about them, should have been described as vegetarian chicken wings. I love Frank's Red Hot and ranch dressing just as much as the next Mid-Westerner (I feel I can pass judgement on the use of these ingredients because my husband is from Missouri and I've spent ample time perfecting my Velveeta cheese dip making abilities) but soggy fries just don't cut the mustard.Finally the stromboli ($8.49) arrived. Stroboli, believe it or not, is also the name of an island off the coast of Sicily, which is a noteworthy place because of its continuous and patterned volcanic eruptions over the last 20,000 years. The stromboli at the Four Kegs isn't quite as miraculous, but was an explosion of tastiness nonetheless. The exterior was crispy and browned, and the filling was appropriately cheesy, meaty, and saucy. Is it hard to make something taste good with these components? Not really, but the expertly constructed crust and price makes this dish a winner. The technique of Mario is to be commended, because he is able to thoroughly cook every bit of the crust without burning it  or leaving a trace of doughiness. This is a feat most bakers in the States would have a hard time accomplishing. We only finished half of it, but I give it a solid thumbs up.Overall, I will label the Four Kegs as a cheap place to get a filling and above average meal, but stick with the Stromboli and beer. I promise you'll leave happy if you follow those words of advice.
3	The Stromboli was good. Service was very pleasant. The place was dark and old, having to walk through the smoke filled bar to get to the glass partitioned dining room was disappointing....hold your breathe!  Would I go back, probably not. Once and done.
5	What to say about Four Kegs that Guy Fieri from Food Network and everyone else hasn't lol. Its a cool little hole in the wall bar. Its pretty laid back and jamming with people. When you go in, you have to walk around through glass doors and back around the bar to get to the little dining room. The decorations is typical bar trend, and kinda ghetto Its what makes it shine. The menu has a vast array of appetizers and sandwiches, and entrees. We had to go in for the "Boli" which what they are famous for. They even have vegetarian Boli for the non meat eaters. We went for the Original and it was off the GOT DAMN CHAIN!!! The crust was light, crispy, and absolutely delicious. I never had a crust like that. Crispy, and just salty enough. The sauce inside was outstanding. Just the perfect amount and not over flowing so you can pick it up. The cheese was fresh and tangy and the Salami, ham, and suasage were just flavor explosions. Also we had the wings. Crispy and sauced just right. The sauce had the right balance of heat and buttery goodness, Also weren't drenched in the sauce so it was easier to eat. All the food looked great, as we were watching the crowded dining room get served. SO many things to try so you won't be dissapointed. They definetly have something for everyone. Can't wait to go again with the homies and have a a few drinks and some outstanding food. Until next time, Let's Eat!!
4	Definitely a local place.  Not pretty on the outside.  I had the Original Stromboli.  It's like a calzone.  The crust was the best part.  Has a nice crisp texture and soft inside.  The other food I saw being served looks good too.
4	Order the stromboli and you'll leave happy. We got both the original and the vegetarian---both were delish. Doughy (but not undercooked), slightly crispy on the outside, and filled with the softest, most delicious cheese you will ever find in a stromboli. We also ordered the Jalitos which were not so good to be honest (Arby's has better ones). Definitely stick with the stromboli!
5	We came here after seeing it on triple D. The food and service was awesome! We had a Stromboli and a meatball sub. Both has amazing flavor and were relatively cheap. The two of us ate with an appetizer for and beer for 25 bucks. Also, we took home left overs. The place is a definite dive bar, but well worth the 10 minute drive off the strip.
4	Restaurant rating is a 3. As for it's dive bar rating, it's a solid 5. Hence the overall 4 rating. Ice cold schooners of beer on tap for $2.25, if you can get a seat at the bar. Almost got in a fist fight there arguing the merits of my favorite American Idol contestant one night. Another time a chick drunk-dialed everyone she knew in her addrress book and then fainted. Enjoyed a few free coldies while the paramedics revived her....  Cigarette stench is quite strong, and the assorted collection of waitstaff and bartenders is straight out of a sitcom. Watch for derelicts coming out of the laundromat next store looking for change on the bar.As for the famous stromboli- skip it and get the deep dish pizza instead. Guy Fiore doesn't know shit.
5	I was in town for a 2 day golf tourney ( i Won!!)and  i had to try a good place out. I took my parents and aunt here and we split an original stromboli and a meatball stromboli. Meatball is my favorite and i dont really care for the cold cut strombolis but this cold cut or orginal sromboli was great but of course i thought the meatball was better. I could eat that everyday. Great service. Dont let the outside of the building fool you or the people you bring. just tell them to trust you. I will go back everytime im in Vegas.
3	Made it a point to go here knowing that it was on Triple D, with Guy's suggestion to try the stromboli. We ordered the veggie regular-sized and the antipasto salad. Both were pretty eh. I guess you can't expect much at a true dive bar with a smokey mini-casino area to boot. The antipasto salad was all ice berg lettuce, canned olives and mushrooms, shredded part-skim mozzarella, celery sticks and pepperoncini. Nothing memorable at all. The stromboli was a little better, but not by much. It had marinara sauce, green bell peppers, onions, olives, mushrooms and cheese. The crust was sorta that oily, crispy dough from pizza hut, which I kinda liked since I haven't had pizza hut in maybe 10+ years. The filling was mediocre. Maybe we woulda done better with a meat-filled stromboli. I'm definitely not impressed.
1	Okay, I love Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-In's and Dives but this restaurant was quite disappointing.  This was definitely a dive and I don't care about that but an italian restaurant that uses canned mushrooms???????????  Thank God I didn't get the vegie "boli" and my sister in law did because I couldn't have handled any canned vegies.  Our original "boli" was okay; it didn't have a lot of meat but a lot of bread.  Not at all like E. Coast "boli's".  My niece (2 y.o.) got "fried" mac-n-cheese that was just Kraft Mac-N-Cheese fried.  Would I go back??  I don't think so!.  Sorry Guy.
4	I can check this restaurant off my "have to check out" list. If you get tired of Vegas buffets then Four Kegs Sports Bar is definitely worth the 6 mi. drive off the strip. Judging from the outside it doesn't seem very family friendly since we had some kids with us...the group walked in apprehensively but were warmly welcomed by the staff. The staff directed us to the dinning area,  it's not the prettiest of places but once you eat their stromboli you forget all about the look. As a group we decided to try the stromboli, hot wings, pizza, antipasto and several children menu selections.  The hot wings are beyond hot..if you like crying you should try them. The antipasto dressing was delish..next time we will order two antipasto's. All in all...we enjoyed the food, no left overs which is a good sign. Staff is really friendly even though the place was packed, the waitress attended us very well.
5	Thank you Triple D for yet another great find. Would have never gone here were it not for your great program...Anyway, coming here was a lot of fun. There is no hoopla or marching bands. Just a large strip mall in the middle of the desert with a lot of other businesses trying to get by. Park in front and see that there are no windows and like three doors to choose from. Pick the middle one and enter right into the bar and wondering if I am in the right place... Anyway, make my way around back and get seated. This is a tiny place and a bit of a maze but all the more charming i guess...Service here was incredible and the food even better. Had great help in choosing wasn't disappointed in the Original and the Beef and Cheddar. Wish I could have sampled everything but this alone was worth the trek in the hot Las Vegas sun...There is nothing else to add except that their stromboli is perfection or to quote Guy... "money."
2	Arrived here at 6:30 AM on Sunday morning.It was depressing.  The patrons and some of the staff just made me sad.I won't get into details, but it was soul crushing.  It put me off my feed and I had to leave.If they had legal gambling and the bars were open 24/7 in my hometown, I'm sure there would be plenty of depressing bars as well.I'll be back during the day to try the food - just couldn't do it on this trip.Don't come here during the graveyard shift...just don't
4	In Guy Fieri we trust...have been to a couple of his recommendations on DDD and so far so good. Since we were in the LV area, we couldn't resist but to stop here for their original Stromboli. It tasted just as Guy described it...the crust was crisp on the outside and moist and chewy on the inside. Add ham, pepp, mozarella cheese, and marinara sauce and it's like a match made in heaven. SO GOOD!!! This place is probably the last D on DDD...it was a total DIVE! About 10 mins from the strip, this "sports bar" sits in a partially desolate shopping center in a very questionable area. Luckily, it is right off the freeway for a quick getaway...if needed! :) The layout of this place is a trip...it kind of reminded me of a cul de sac of a street. You enter and you are at the cul de sac which is their bar area...on both ends there are doors leading you into their dining area which I can describe as being on the outskirts of that cul de sac. They are divided by half of a wood paneling wall on the bottom and the other half is plexi glass where you can see from either side...imagine a bank with bulletproof windows????!!! I know very strange. The staff is really friendly and the service is A+. Our waitress said, "Guy must have sent y'all cuz I've never seen you in my life!" LOL! The menu was pretty extensive...pizzas, pastas, burgers, sandwiches, chili fries, pitchers of BEER, etc. The prices were very cheap for the amount of food that they serve. Overall, I would definitely come back when in the area to try the rest of their food, esp the pizza!!!
2	Came here with my brother and his fiance and I really did not like this place.  We kept hearing about the stromboli, so we decided to give it a whirl.  The table where we sat had tiny puddles on it from the staff not wiping it down properly.   The person taking our order did not seem to thrilled to be serving us.  Then came the food.  I really can't put my finger on what was wrong with it, but the only thing that jumps out at me when I think about it is that I really did not like the cheese inside the stromboli.  The whole experience was unsavory.
4	This place was featured on Diners, drive-Ins, & Dives and Guy is not wrong about this place! The Stromboli is very good, and the sucker is huge! Bring someone to share it with you!  And if you're looking for a place to eat after midnight the Stromboli is half price!
4	Great strombolli!!!  A must go to for kitchy, divey, tasty comfort food.  If you don't mind the styrofoam plates and plastic utensils.  Sticky tables, smokey air and dark decor.But the food is fantastic!!! and affordable!!! If you're in vegas and have a car, put on your big girl panties and go here.  Bring friends b/c the portions are big. We had the regular and the cheesesteak one.  YUM!!!!!
5	I went here based on seeing it on Diners, Drive inns, and Dives.  I was not disappointed, the stromboli was amazing with generous amounts of filling and the hot chicken wings were large and cooked perfectly.  Though the "hot" wings could have been a little hotter.  Good prices and great service too, I will be back next time I am in Vegas!
1	Pretty disgusting.  It smelled like an ash tray, the air conditioning was on minus 10 degrees, and the Stromboli?  Well, let's just say I gagged in my mouth while I was eating it.  Will never return.
3	We loved the philly cheese steak for years here, lately the philly cheese steak has no flavor and is nothing special, Until they get it right we wont be back
1	I love the show Triple D as much as the next girl, but Guy owes everyone an apology and refund! LOL I ordered the original boli, mushrooms and cheese sticks to go. My boyfriend really gets irritated when we eat somewhere smoky. *and from reading others reviews we didn't miss much as far as customer service. The original boli was ummmm not really satisfying. It was crispy in some places and soggy in the rest. We ordered the large (11.00) The cheese sticks were undercooked (5.00), the fried mushrooms were wet (5.00). Super greasy and WET. :( Now i understand why from other peoples reviews, that the mushrooms are canned. :( I think i can find better Italian food at fazoli's fast food.Sorry guy this one was thumbs downnnnnnn
4	My boyfriend discovered this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and we had to visit the place during our Vegas trip. I think it was our first meal in Vegas and it was so good we just had to have it again at the end of our trip.Taste:  I got the Turkey and Swiss Stromboli.  It was so good!  I couldn't finish all of it because it was so big.  Super tasty and super cheesy.  Service: Pretty good for being at a dive bar.Atmosphere:  Typical dive bar.  It looks pretty old inside, but who cares, the strombolis are delicious!Return visit?: Hell yeah! Don't leave Vegas without going here!
3	We saw this place on Diner's Drive-Ins & Dives long time ago and have lived in Vegas 3 years now. We saw the triple D episode for this place again a few day's before New Year's 2011 and decided to go on New Year's Eve Eve.....big mistake since it was just on TV and it was the night before a holiday. Being that we never been we didn't know how everything worked, like seat yourself. We finally found a table (we were told the place had been busy since 11am and here it was 5:30pm) waited about 20 minute's just for someone to come get our drink order. There was only 2 waitress' working and you could tell they were not used to it being as busy as it was. We finally ordered our food and it took a hour to get our food. Good thing they gave us cracker's to munch on while we waited. We ordered a large original Stromboli, basket of fries and salad to share between myself, my husband, our 3 year old daughter and my mother in law. It was enough for all of us and had a slice of Stromboli and fries left over to bring home. To be honest it didn't WHOA us and it wasn't horrible but hard to say if we were just so starved from waiting that we didn't care. Next to us was our waitress' family and they informed us that it's never that crazy and doesn't take so long to get food. We might go back to try them again before we move this summer to another state to really say if the food was good or if we were just so STARVED that anything tasted good. Being the situation at hand is why I gave 3 stars. If it hadn't just aired right before a holiday and it was this crazy busy and under staffed I would have only given 1 star but since it was this way in hope's I gave them the benefit of the doubt.
1	I had my last review for Four Kegs removed and received the following message:We wanted to let you know that we've removed your review of Four Kegs Sports Bar.  Your review was flagged by the Yelp community, and our Support team has determined that it falls outside our Content Guidelines (http://www.yelp.com/guidelines) because it lacks a substantive first-hand experience. When reviewing, please describe your actual experience with a business.My first review said,  "Guy Fieri's full of shit"So let me clarify: Guy Fieri's full of shit...Because, he said this place is the best stromboli he's ever had and unless he eats stromboli stuffed with shit than he is full of shit for making such a brash statement.My first hand experience is as follows. The place smells like stale beer, stromboli is gross, jalepeno poppers are gross, paper plates?One star because I am unable to give no stars and because my server was nice.
4	Stromboli Rocks!
4	Good Stromboli! And my Dad really liked his Calzone. That said, it's pretty much a dive bar. Had our waitress not been so nice and attentive this might have been a 3 star review. The place is clean enough, but it is old and needs and update. The layout is kinda weird with the glassed-in bar area seperating the dining room. But then again you're not here for the ambience, you're here for the really good and inexpensive pizza pockets!
4	I can't comment much on the atmosphere because we were the only ones there as it was mid-morning on Dec. 30th.Stopped in with my family before the long drive home to San Diego. The stromboli was excellent. Opted to go for the large one which is a bargain, and you can just take home what  you can't eat.The best is the original, but the beef & cheese and the breakfast stromboli were also very tasty. It's a little out of the way from the strip, but if you have access to a car and are looking for something that isn't a buffet or a very expensive celebrity chef restaurant experience that most meals in Vegas tend to gravitate towards, it might be worth a stop. The staff is also very friendly. Even met the owner, who I saw on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (how I found out about the place) on our way out.
2	This is a dive bar in a rough neighborhood. Good strombolli sandwiches and tall drinks/shots.  Cheap.  Filled with locals.  Can't smoke in the restaurant side. Aging waitresses who have seen it all, yet deliver decent service.2 TVs on sports channels and some video poker inside.
4	Super stinky to get past the bar into the restraunt but so worth it.  Best deep fried cauliflower since Aunt Pauline passed away.
4	"The original sports bar and restaurant"? If by "original" you mean old, this sports bar fits the bill. Located in a nondescript part of town off the strip, we weren't sure until we actually walked through the door whether this spot was actually still in business. Once we entered, we were confronted with a rather uncomely and smoky bar area; taking our chances, we proceeded to walk through a narrow passageway that opened into a back seating area with tables and booths. Very quiet. Strange layout, I must say.Beer is cheap (e.g. Shiner Bock for $2.50). We happened to come in during a game, so pizzas were half off. However, we wanted to try the famous STROMBOLI, so we ordered a small original one to share ($8.49). It was pretty good! I was expecting something dry and tasteless, but the dough was soft, crisp, and perfectly baked. CHICKEN WINGS ($3.55) were cheap and decent.Overall, having had low expectations for this dive bar, we were quite satisfied. There was an elderly couple across the room who ordered a large pizza (remember, it was 50% off). I think they only ate one piece between the two of them and packed up the rest to go. Smart idea if you don't want to cook dinner! The booth behind us consisted of a middle aged woman and her elderly mother: they enthusiastically ordered a TABLE FULL of dishes as if they were a gang of college jocks. I just saw the waitress bring them dish after dish. I think it was the mother's birthday or something. Or maybe just the daughter's annual visit. In any case, as we left, satisfied with our snack, we were somehow cheered and warmed by the memory of two grown women pigging out on some good ol' comfort food.
5	Throwback to 60s Las VegasIt's in a dilapidated shopping center, and when you open the door the smell of old beer and smoke rushes past.  But isn't this how you want to be greeted by a dive bar?  The restaurant is separated from the bar to protect the diners--Did I say diners?  Eaters...--from the smokers in the bar.  It's down and dirty good food at a cheap price and take-home proportions.  And if you're there during an NFL game, pizza, stromboli, wings, etc. are half price thereby making the place twice as good.My office is just across the freeway and my business power lunches are at places familiar to most, but when I go to lunch with a friend, we go here.  Check your upscale image at the door.
2	Went because of Guy's show DDD and these ratings...  it was fun but NOTHING outstanding that 4 or 5 stars should indicate.  Good Service locally owned BAR with bar food. MUCH BETTER places to eat in Vegus  so spend your time at those.
4	I decided to go here because I saw it featured on the television show Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Everyone talks about the Stromboli. I thought it was just okay. What impressed me was the pizza. Some of the best I have had in Vegas. The wings were top notch too. My review is based on going after midnight where they have half price happy hour and a scary looking waitress. My friend had a bad experience due to the service. To me it is one of the typical bar joints in town. So, I didn't expect much. I will definitely be going back when it is almost dawn and have a craving for pizza.
4	It was our last day in Vegas and we decided to come here before heading back to Orange County.  This place is pretty dive-y, but it's clean and the bathrooms are super clean.  A+ for that!Our server was so attentive and sweet, and she didn't charge for the coke my girlfriend ordered.It took a while for our stromboli to come out!  Must have been 20-30 minutes and it wasn't crowded at all.  The stromboli definitely lives up to its rave reviews.  My girlfriend ordered the Veggie Boli and it was equally delicious.  She loved the bread. Minus one star because I thought $9 for a small stromboli was a little steep.  Aren't dives supposed to be dirt cheap?Nevertheless, I'm sure I will go back there whenever I'm in Vegas again.
4	Great place, last day in Vegas was told about this place by a local.. Stromboli is the way to go.. takes a good 25-30 mins to get to the table but beers are only 3-4 bucks unlike the beer prices in downtown Vegas(8-10 bucks a beer)  ps: the fried zucchini is awesome!Enjoy this hidden gem!
4	The Stromboli is killer. Too bad I had the ribs!  The ribs were a disappointment only because I prefer a nice hickory smoked pork rib with the right amount of smoke flavor. I had a bite of my wife's Stromboli and have been kicking myself ever since. We went because we saw the place on DD&D and even Guy Fieri raved about the Stromboli. Go after midnight, and they are half priced for happy hour!Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be coming back. Guess what I'll be having?
5	I have been to Four Kegs before, but tonight was the first time I had the stromboli. I am SOLD! The crust was the best Italian dough I have ever eaten, the veggies were fresh, and the sausage in the original was excellent! The wait staff has probably been there as long as the restaurant, and our adorable Noriko in all her mismatched glory was as sweet as could be and incredibly attentive without ever being annoying.I will be back, especially since the beer is so cold it ices the outside of the mug - and it's only $2.50 per draft! Good food and cold beer - what a great dive!
4	The original stromboli was really good and the ladies working there were friendly.  It's worth a stop if you're in the area.
3	This bar and restaurant is located in a seedy area of Las Vegas. (OK, most of Vegas is seedy...but in comparison this is seedier.) The building is rundown just like the neighborhood. As you enter, you walk into the bar. The "dining room" is in the back. It looks tired. Again, that's the feeling of the neighborhood. Everything is worn and past its prime...and its prime wasn't so good either. The wait staff are ladies who have probably been working for 40 years or more. They are efficient and friendly, and I'm sure they have seen and heard it all. The food is simple but good. My friend and I had stromboli. They were good and I'd say worth the trip from the strip.
5	My wife and I love watching all the food shows, especially Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives.We were going on vacation, and had to go through Vegas. We both agreed, had to stop and try this place out.We were very glad we did. I ordered a large original stromboli. It was awesome. I usually eat quite a bit, and I didn't finish it all. The wife got a meatball sub, and loved it. Really liked their fries and ranch as well.We thought we had a microwave in our hotel, but somehow we didn't. Placed the leftovers in the fridge, and ate them cold the next morning. Both the sub and stromboli were just as good cold.We liked the place so much, a week later(yesterday), we stopped in on our return trip. The only way it would've it been better is if I was staying in Vegas, and could've had some drinks with the food. Still amazing considering the situation. A must next time you drive through Vegas, or are staying in Vegas.
5	Guy Fieri did not steer me wrong!  The atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect from a bar, but the food surpassed all expectations.  The pizza is amazing, and the stromboli is perfection.  Unlike a lot of people on here, I didn't have to wait more than 10-15 minutes to get my food, so no complaints there.  Will definitely go back next time in Vegas.
4	HAD to check this place out as it's the only DDD in the area and the Mrs loves some strombolis.  WOW it was great, next time we'll be trying a pizza too even if we have to get something to go!  Mr got some wings the hottest they have the 'flamers' and well he wasn't as impressed with the hotness as he hoped none the less they were warm just really vinegary which isn't on his fav list for wings.  We also had an appetizer of motz sticks, your standard frozen drop in the fryer, and three of them came out to us looking like blobs needless to say we'd skip them next time.
4	I love this place and I have been a bunch of times and I still wish that I went more.  I moved to town about 4 years ago and this was one of my first stops.  Since then, this is a place I take my brothers to when they visit.  The Stromboli's are amazing!  My personal fave is the Turkey and Swiss.  That cheesy swiss is so good I can't enough so I like to order one to go so I have some the next day.  There are two other things that are a 'must have' when I go to Four Kegs, besides beer. The Cajun Fries (which seem more like Buffalo Wing Fries) and the Fried Mac n' Cheese.  I know that Fried Mac n' Cheese is more of a thing these days but this was the first place I had ever tried it and in my mind, it is the best!  Those little triangles are perfectly fried and the Mac n' Cheese is so cheesy and delicious I could eat a couple of orders by myself.  It's perfection (when I'm not counting calories)!  The drive from my house to Four Kegs is a bit of a distance but it is always worth it.  I have never been disappointed nor has anyone I have taken there.
4	A great spot that is away from the strip. This place used to have 2 locations but one of them closed. This place has gotten really popular due to being on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. Does it live up to the hype? Absolutely. They are known for the Stromboli here. I cant recommend these things enough. They are cooked to perfection and have a great flavor and some amazing crust. I like the Original Boli but my wife loves the Meatball Boli. So we always get two smalls and split them up. Meatball is actually starting to become my fav but again both are really good. The fried mac and cheese here is another staple that we get. Pair those with a ice cold Killians Irish Red and you got a great meal on your hands. The prices here are really reasonable and the portions are great. There wings are decent but I'm kinda of a wing snob....so I'm tough to please. If you wanna get away from the madness of the strip and enjoy some great food and some good beers with a nice local feel. Get to Four Kegs. One thing I will warn you about is that if UNLV is playing this place can get packed. Next time I go I think I am gonna try the pizza. Get in here throw some money into a machine order a ice cold beer and relax....CHEERS
1	Went here because Guy said it was good. Big MISTAKE!Here's what we had:$1.75 dinner salad - all wet half head iceberg ($.50 extra for ranch)$12.99 steak and shrimp - massacred new york steak, ordered medium, came out rare and was still dry. Sent it back and they microwaved it to well done. Beer battered shrimp. Everything tasteless.$15.99 large pizza - pretty good, nice sauce, good amount of toppings, overall acceptable.$7.99 chicken wings - basic order wings, hot sauce, ranch. Okay.$16.99 bbq ribs - sold as hickory smoked but there was nothing smoked about them (unless the cigarette smoking line cook counts?) They're baked and slathered with salty sauce. Side of cajun fries, not what you think, fries coated in hot sauce, huh? Weird thought, tastes yuck. $3.99 kids grilled cheese and fries - better than the steak. Now, you walk into this place in a desolate area of north vegas, about fifteen minutes on freeway from strip, and the smell of old grease is over powering. The place reminded me of county jail with glass walls separating the "dining room" from the bar. You would think with all the good publicity from Guy that they would have made some improvements, but, no. I wouldn't eat here againThink nostalgia went more into the triple d pick than the food.
4	Guy was right.  The 'boli's are awesome.  We got a large veggie and a meatball and that was enough for the 4 of us (granted, one is a 14 year old girl...).  The beer was extra cold and went down really smooth after the 4 hour flight into the 105 degree afternoon.  The place is truly a dive, but worth the trip off to the north side.  If you're on the south half of the strip it might not be worth the cab fare, but if you have a rental like us it is worth the drive.
5	Amazing food... just had the chicken fingers for my first time probably the best i have ever had. Lightly breaded pure lean white meat. You know how most fingers have a layer of fat between the breading and the meat, not here! I suggest get them plain and hot sauce on the side. The atmosphere is great friendly nieighborhood folk out for a cold beer. They also have the MLB package.
3	I would give Four Kegs a solid 3.5.Service was consistant for a group of us there in the early afternoon. We ordered a bunch of items for the group.-Chicken wings were good, nice and crispy with good flavors.-Not a fan of the pizza, reminded of something from pizza hut with too much sauce-THE STROMBOLI- the best i have had since moving west but still not that go to staple i grew up on back east. The outside was nice and crispy but there was alot of dough. I wish there was more meat inside. What was there was good. Not a fan of the sauce on the inside but that's how it was ordered. I will give it another try with sauce on the side.There is a very selective menu with many items that i will go back to try. Prices are very reasonable!
3	Above average stromboli. Not the nicest part of town or the best decor, but if you're looking for good eats at a great price, its definitely worth a try !!
4	I know a lot of places get a bad wrap (at least on yelp) after being on DDD, but honestly?  The stromboli at this little dive is a gem.  Located about 15 minutes off the strip, this little restaurant/bar is a true dive.  One door puts you in the middle of a smoke-filled bar, and another leads you to the dining area.  I was a little skeptical at first, but glad I decided to stay.Husband and I (well more like I) couldn't decide, so we ordered two small bolis.  We went with the Original Boli and the Turkey and Swiss Boli.  Holy freaking yum!  I don't know which I prefer, so in the few times we've been back, we order both.  There's always a little leftover to take back to the hotel for a snack later.  I definitely think this place is worth the drive off strip.PS..the old ladies working there are super nice as well.
4	Because of Guy Fieri, I came here to try their stromboli's and pizzas. The pizzas were great, and the stromboli's are good. "Diners, Drive ins, and Dives" got it right, this place is great.
4	Great philly cheesesteak. Definitely a dive with good bar food.
4	Great Stromboli! Great neighbourhood joint. smoking at the bar is sectioned off by glass walls so the dining room is smoke free. fried pickle spears are good as well.
2	First off, this place gave me food poisoning, and it was the type of food poisoning that makes you uncomfortable while still at the restaurant and almost makes you pull over on the road to vomit as you drive away.  So anything said about this place will be tainted by that fact.It's a sports bar and it's most definitely a dive bar.  I like sports bars and I like dive bars, so it would stand to reason I would like this place.  Nope, not even remotely.  I will give kudos to the service as the server was really attentive and gave out recommendations.  Though the constant reference to "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" was kind of annoying.  Also, kudos for having the Cowboys' game on the TV (this was preseason football 2011) for me as the lonely Cowboys' fan.  The food... Hmm... Eh... Bleck. I recall having a pepperoni and mushroom pizza that was mostly grease and dough.  I then recall getting sick, and I've already elaborated on that.
5	There's nothing good to say about the location or the decor but I give the Four Kegs 5 stars on the original stromboli alone.  I've been there probably 10 times since it appeared on DDD and the original boli is so delicious that I order it every time.  The only other thing I've tried are the cajun fries (fries tossed in buffalo wing sauce).  They were tasty but nothing to write home about.
5	Best italian I've had in a long time
4	saw this place on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" and thanks to Guy Fieri, love strombolis and the Four Kegs now!!!if you have seen this place on t.v.they deffinately do not show you the closed off video poker area when you first walk in. level 5 dive to be exact lolanyways, you walk in, see that and feel discouraged, then a large room almost for parties also gets you worrysome, we asked ourselves where do we sit or orde. anyway, continue down the hall and theres the main dining hall, maybe 7 or 8 booths and a long center tables lined up. and all over the walls are notes, and pics, and maps of Guy and just visitors from all over!once we settled in, we just laughed and thought how cool this place was!the two watresses (a younger white girl and older asian woman) were extremely nice and served us with ease. we ordered the Cajun fries to start off, which unfortunately, came out cold and damp; its a shame b/c the flavor was great, just poor quality.then we ordered the philly cheesesteak sandwhich and the original stromboli. the cheesesteak was simple, with cheese of course, peppers, onions, and mushrooms. cant go wrong and no complaint there.then the stromboli; the crust/dough is crsipy, soft, warm, and amazing; the meats and loads of cheese splurge out in tastefullness and surely fill you up!overall, a great new place to enjoy and if in vegas, go there!
4	We went to Four Kegs after seeing it on DDD. Guy recommended the stromboli so thats what we ordered, it lived up to the hype. it was fresh and delicious and made from scratch. The beer was cold and our waitress was awesome..It was worth the 10 minute drive from the strip.
4	The Stromboli is everything it was cracked up to be but the Philly cheese steak was the best on the menu.
1	This was my first time being misled by a Yelp rating.Look. I know how local bars outside of the Strip are , but this is ridiculous. Four Kegs gives you the impression someone stopped caring about the business 35 years ago. Robert Irvine would flip out.Primo, I'm not a fan of carpets where you serve food. They make a joint have a murky smell, especially if you have a typical deep-fried menu. Secundo, the place is cramped and feels smaller because it's very strangely divided. And tertio, I didn't know where to look! The kitsch carpet pattern, the overly decorated walls, the 60s PepsiCo lit menu boards or the giant screen tv's?I ordered a Tom Collins and my hubby a Killian's on draft. It wasn't bad, but very basic. The Killian's came in a chilled glass, but it was a strange half-wine, half beer-mug type, which made no sense.While on my way to the bathroom, I did notice a Guy Fieri autograph. After taking a closer look, I saw this place was actually on his show, "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives". I wish I had seen that episode, as I would have remembered to not go there.It's no surprise I won't be back at the Four Kegs Sports Bar, nor will I ever recommend it. However, may people know why I give it one star: I hope no one ever makes the mistake I did while looking it over on Yelp as a 4-star.
4	I know this is a bit off of the Strip, but you know, it's only a little further than the Premium Outlets North, so it's doable. We came for the stromboli and it's almost a tradition now to order a couple of larges and bring them back home to California to enjoy the following week. The portion is HUGE and it's freaking awesome. What's good to order? We've tried the BC Boli - Beef & Cheddar, Turkey & Swiss Boli, and the Meatball Boli so far. You can't go wrong with any of those choices.
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Went here to check out Guy's best Boli he has ever had.  I have had a few myself being an East Coaster....  This place is definitely a dive, the decor looks like it hasn't changed much since it opened in 77.  But it is a dive, by definition.  It is an odd layout too, bar up front and a few doors leading to what looks like the back dining room.  Note that there is smoking in the bar, this being Vegas and all plus various video type slot games...Wanted to watch Rutgers dominate Iowa St. in the bowl game Friday so sat at the bar.  Owner Mario was behind the bar and was speaking to everyone (except me, newbie here) by their first name.  Definitely the dive bar now, almost Cheers like. :)Reviewed Stromboli options with Mario.  Went with the original, small.  More than enough for me since I didn't have a fridge in my hotel room for a Large, double sized, for only $4 more.  Must say that it is nicely crispy on the outside.  Was maybe just a little too much dough thickness than what I like but the crispiness was a big plus.  Downside was that it doesn't normally come with extra dipping sauce, extra charge is what I recall on the menu, should have asked for that anyway even though there was sauce inside already.It was a good 'boli for sure overall.  Not my personal best 'boli but very good.  And I also liked owner Mario, mostly because how he was genuine and how I saw him treating everyone, including me.  On the way out he asked to check in with him gain next time I am in town.  Looking forward to trying another option and increase my rating...
3	Definitely don't judge a book by its cover - and don't judge this shithole by the people who frequent here. Sketchy people drink here. I don't know what rock these people crawled out from under. Many (not all) are nasty looking with stained clothing and missing teeth. But friendly, really friendly, so if you can get past their appearance you'll be fine.Upon entering Four Kegs you walk into a dingy bar, and entering another set of doors leads you to a dining room straight out of the 70's (or maybe 60's, what do I know?). It's separate from the bar so you can bring kids in here. The furniture is old and rickety, booths need to be reupholstered and this place definitely needs a facelift. Hell it's probably been around longer than most of you reading this have been alive. The food - typical bar menu with lots of fried food, finger foods, burgers and sandwiches. Over the years, our kids have ordered pretty much everything off the menu, including breakfast, Overall the food is very average - nothing spectacular.The crown jewel of this shithole is their Stromboli and square Sicilian pizza. The pizza isn't the best, but I think it's a step above the chains. I really like the crust, which compares to the crust at BJ's or Numero Uno. Not as good, but trying to be.  I'd take this over a pizza hut any day, but Broadway Pizza is way better. I've been eating it for almost 20 years now and it hasn't changed one bit. Papa D has been eating the Stromboli here for over 30 years and swears by them. Actually I believe this was one of his hangouts in the 70's! I don't think it's all that, but he loves it so I go to keep him happy. I prefer the pizza. You'll always have lunch available the next day as the portions are huge - the small stromboli is big enough for two people.Diner Beware - this place is a DIVE. I've been eating here for 20 years, I'm a fan,  and yet I still cringe when I walk in the door.
4	Dive but in a good way.  Go w wings and Stromboli for the ultimate experience.   I'd prefer it at lunch but open 24 hours.
4	We make this our last stop out of town, a hit-the-road must as far as we are concerned! Straight up for their Stromboli! They are as good as others have mentioned, including that Guy guy. I will not rate any of their other foods, because the first time we went there was for that Stromboli and since it is the only time we go in (once or twice a year) it is the only thing we will order. Simply DELICIOUS!Why do so many people seem to base their reviews on strictly the ambiance, or lack of in THEIR opinion, like Emilie? So the place, in some people's minds, is a dump. Who cares, if you are looking for good eats? Sure, I would probably not go there late at night unarmed, mainly because it seems like a ghetto surrounds the place (must be why I heard they lock the doors then and let you in after they size you up), but I feel fairly safe during the daylight hours - LOL. I just don't get it...Oh, and BTW (if it matters) - we think the staff is friendly and probably proud of their interior motif! In "my world" I would call this place "edgy (aka trendy)" - HAHAHAHAHAHAHA...
5	We spent a week in Vegas and the food on the Strip is fine once in a while, but not every meal.  We were looking for something different.We google searched Drive-ins Diners and Dives to see if there were any restaurant visits in Vegas, and we found Four Kegs.  It was about 10 miles from where we were on the strip, and the drive was worth it.Our waitress was very nice and sweet.  She recommended the Stromboli and the Philly Cheese steak.  Coming from Chicago, its very hard to find anyone else's pizza-like food to be great.  While I will say the Stromboli was very very good, I think their Philly was very memorable, and enough for two people to eat.We went back a second time w/ family who live locally and we all had a great time and great meal.
2	The food is delicious stromboli is amazing and its a must visit at least once. But after repeat visits, its not worth the shit.
4	Loved it.  One word....  Boli!  Guy tells the truth.
3	This is the second time I have been to Four Kegs. Both times I have went the food has been great. I have had the Stromboli both times. I will always try to make a stop here when I am in Vegas. Can't say much for the service. The 1st time it was mediocre and the second time not so great either. I will say the second time I went was late night.(after 1am).  I didn't realize you could still sit in the restaurant area still. My fault. We sat in the bar area which reeks of smoke. (side not they have 1/2 price specials after midnight) During my meal the bartender lights up right in front of me smoking up the air around me. I love the food here but the service is spotty. This is definitely a local dive. Almost everything here screams we liked the 70's and we are staying there. I would recommend this if you are in Vegas and trying to find great Italian and not wanting to do the tourist thing. This is definitely a locals secret. If you are hoping for a nice place to eat. I wouldn't stop here. If you are looking for quality food and don't care about the ambiance. I would say this is a most. Three stars only for service but 4 stars for the food. That's how it averages out. I say get of the strip and go get you a boli at Four Kegs.
1	COME ON PEOPLE! SERIOUSLY? This place is mediocre at it's very best. Have any of you actually had a stromboli before? Don't get me wrong, I love a good dive bar but I would NEVER call this a sweet dive bar. If I could give it 1 1/2 stars I might but I couldn't bring myself around to giving this 2 stars. Maybe if the bar was cool I may be a bit more generous but the bar's a dump, the dining area's a dump and the food sucks. Here's my story..,Yes, Vegas, baby, indeed. I LOVE eating at nice places but I make shit money, so after eating at a couple more expensive places my gf and I found this place that Guy 'The Tool' Fierio or whatever his name is featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives... WHY? Did he pick this out of a hat? I imagine it wasn't his decision but who the hell's decision was it?We decided to sit in the trashy dining area because the bar was full of dirty old men. I couldn't decide between the meatball boli or the classic boli so I asked if I could get a side of meatballs. They don't do that. I have no idea why. I want to buy more things from you but I can't because it's not on the menu. You have meatballs but I can't buy them unless they're in a stromboli. Whatever. I'll go with the classic and I will live to fight another day. My sexy ass, hot chihauha momma got a club sandy with fries and we got stuffed jalepeno poppers. After 15 mins we started to wonder if our poppers fell victim to an incompetent waitress. She was nice but brought out 'entrees' out after 20 mins then told us that she didn't remember that we ordered poppers. Oh...there they are...sitting in the window. At least we got them, I guess?My gf's fries were cold, the meat in her sandy was dry and the poppers were whatever. I took one bite of my boli and asked for a box. It was piss poor. They cut it weird, the bread was hard, not crispy but hard for some reason, the cheese was.., weird? And the marinara was bland and tasteless. We packed it up, left a couple bucks tip and headed east to try Lotus of Siam. We're literally waiting in the parking lot for them to open now so we can get a real meal. Review to come. Stay tuned you fat ol' fattys.
3	Four Kegs is located on the Westside of the Strip, right next to Summerlin.  Second time visiting this place.  It is kind of small, but quaint.  It has a separated bar area from the dining area.  Were seated immediately and watched a little March Madness.  Our waitress was a little older but very sweet.  And a great memory.  We ordered and she didn't even bother to write anything down.  We kid her about it and she said she understood what we wanted.  Everybody ordered stromboli's, as they are the specialty and the recommended choice of Guy Fieri.  My order was a veggie stromboli, hold the onions.  When the food arrived, everyone was pleased and the order was right except for one thing: our waitress noticed that they cooks had added onions to mine.  She immediately noticed this and went back and replaced my order.  i told her she could take the one back with onions, but she said they would just toss it and I could take it.  Great, my friends said they would eat it later.  So my order came right the next time, it was pretty good (not amazing, though) and we were four happy dudes.  It is worth the detour from the Strip to come here to try something different.  Nice people, decent food and ballgames on the screen.  What else could a guy want?  Oh, except that!  We are in Vegas!!!
5	Best Stromboli in all the land!  Found this place after I saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and it's now become a favorite for the hubby and I. Four Kegs is definitely a dive but don't judge a book by it's cover as the old adage goes - this Vegas local secret is to die for.  The Original Stromboli with on tap Shiner gets five stars every time for me.  Guy Fieri never should have let this secret out...but then again I might not have ever found it.  A must go when you're in Vegas...local or not.
4	Fast, friendly service. Food was pretty good. Down home, Mom n Pops kind of feel. I absolutely loved the Phili cheese steak sanwhich! We also ordered th spiganoli, the steak sandwhich, and th mac n cheese appetizer. We heard about this place on Dinners, Drivins n Dives. This place lived up to yummy!
3	I want to give them more stars but they are almost a classic case of restaurant impossible, When i go in there i feel like its outdated but that the worst thing i can say because the bolis are bomb, pizza is bomb, they have great lunch specials, the service staff aren't the most personable but they are funny as shit. If you need a quick bite or are craving a great boli or pizza, don't be afraid.
4	How could you not love a place known for strombolis? This place is a hidden gem outside of the strip that I've been wanting to go since they were on DDD.They have a few different kinds of stromboli (and even a breakfast one!!!!). Between me and a few other people we tried a 3 of them and I have to say the meatball one is by far my favorite. We tried the beef and cheese one (or something like that) and the original one (or something like that) and the meatball was really just perfect. The small size is good for a normal person, but if you're like me, the large will do. Actually splitting a large stromboli between 2 people is the best deal. If I remember correctly, the small was around $8.95 and the large was $11.95. Service was pretty decent here and the food was prompt. We got a couple appetizers including cajun fries, which were basically fries in buffalo sauce...I don't really recommend this. Just get the regular fries. We also got the fried mac and cheese or whatever it was. That was awesome. I would get those if I went again.Also if you get a beer, it comes in this ice cold mug that makes it one of the most refreshing beers. Or if you're like my sexually confused friend and want a bloody mary, they have those too. It was actually my first time trying a bloody mary and it was pretty good...note to self: don't get "buffalo-ed" when you're having one...it's not a fun drink to chug. If you don't know what "buffalo game" is, look it up.In conclusion:Get a large stromboli for 2 people.Get the fried mac and cheese or whatever it wasGet a beer.Get the meatball stromboli
4	Yes, this place is a dive. Yes its kind of scary; but OMG. If you are brave enough to come down here the Stromboli is killer. If your a fan of hot wings do yourself a favor and place an order. The are the size of small baby arms and the flavor is amazing. The locals are nice and even the scary bikers were very engaging. There were three families here with children so it cant be too bad! Stop in and spoil your taste buds. They will thank you!
1	Dive with a capital DIVE (in fact it might be the dive that the dive took).  Don't be rolling over there with your Bling-Bling, Prada Purse or Gucci Sunglasses matter o' fact if you have some yard work, gotta change the transmission on your ride, replace the roof on your crib or clean out your pig pen might wanna do that first, then without showering or changing you should roll over to the 4 kegs for your boli - trust me you'll fit right in, an instant regular.I love Diners, Drive Inns and Dives the show so on Guy's advise I put it on the bucket list.  On my last trip to L.V. I made the venture, SADLY, Guy must inhaled too many bleach fumes the last time he got his wig done up.  I ordered the one of O.G. boli's, one meatball boli, a pizza and some wings.  Certainly smelled good when it arrived at the table and they looked perfectly cooked, nice and golden brown on the outside with cheese oozing out the sides - AWESOME! is what I thought.  I was so disappointed after the frist few bites so I tried the other boli, the pizza and the wings it was confirmed - BUST! (WAH, WAH, WAAAAAAAAAAH).  The Marinara sauce that Guy proclaimed to be "off the hook" tasted like it was straight form a can (BTW, the cook looks like he just got out the joint, charged me extra for the marinara sauce - thanks buddy!) The dough which I feel is the most important, was bland and too "doughy", meaning it was thick/heavy and fills you up fast.  Pizza I've had better from the freezer section of the supermarket and the wings - NOTHING special.Seriously, I don't mean to be a buzz kill and I for sure don't understand why most of the reviews are beyond 2 stars but I supposed we all have different taste buds.  With that said maybe you should give it a try and judge for yourself, my humble advise plz re-read the first paragraph and roll with a buddy (preferably Vin Diesel).  Paz!
1	I love Guy Fieri but if he likes this place, he may need to get his taste buds cleaned, stripped or completely replaced because I ordered New York steak and Shrimp with cole slaw and Baked Beans for sides. My daughter ordered mild chicken fingers and fries and my hubby ordered the New York steak and shrimp with the same sides as me. We also ordered the Antipasto salad and the 1/2 lb shrimp basket with fries. We took everything to go, because we didn't want to sit there with everyone staring at us like we were the next meal. I expected to hear dueling bajos playing any second after walking in there. Let's start with the steaks, they were completely over done. My hubby ordered his med. well and it was murdered beyond belief, dry and not seasoned. Where's the salt and pepper? At least the 5 shrimp that came with it were good but whatever breading was on them was soggy.The cole slaw was good but we never got our baked beans and didn't want to venture back in that dive to tell the chef he made a mistake, it was too scary. The antipasto salad was not what I expected. There was lettuce and lots of it with what I'm assuming to be ablout 1/2 of a diced tomato, less than 7 pieces of ham, about 9 slices of salami, 3 tablespoons of sliced black olives and a handfull of cheese. Not my idea of antipasto salad. The chicken fingers were probably the worst of the bunch. I asked for mild chicken fingers, so what did they do? They took their sauce and sprinkled a tiny amount on the fingers. Who does that? So I'm guessing, if I had ordered hot chicken fingers there would have been a lot more sauce on them? They were a joke. The 1/2lb of shrimp and fries were hard, stale and it should say 'popcorn shrimp' because that's what it is. There's more batter than shrimp on those things and they are hard and dry. The fries tasted old and stale and unsalted. Next time I'll just go to the grocery store and cook at home.
5	We had Stromboli and Fish & Chips.  Both delicious;  the fish was fresh, not oily, tasted great; and the Stromboli was Massive, Loaded, Delicious. We did not have the pizza, but it looked Great!!  Do go to Four Kegs.
5	O M G the Stromboli and its half price after midnight!
3	Went to Four Kegs after I saw it on Triple D.  Was a dive, but the Stromboli sandwich was very good.  I had the small sandwich and couldn't eat it all.  Good value for what you pay.  Atmosphere wise, there's nothing to write home about.  I'd go again though, just to try other menu items!
5	Best stromboli I ever ate!  The staff is very friendly and happy to have you there.  Everything we had was great!  The decor is a bit Dive-ish and outdated, but the food is fabulous.  Go!!!!  Your gonna love it too.
4	Great food service. Good service.
5	You no how you watch cartoons or movies growing up and the characters eating pizza with stringy cheese oozing everywere!!?? Omg well i found that here for the first time! The chili cheese fries are great too..and the workers are always very kind...
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. I would classify this place as really good bar food (I used to think PT's was good bar food, now it's just OK). Some people would call this a dive bar (it's a little dated, but isn't that part of the charm?), others would call this a locals place (like Cheers), and others might call this a sports bar/video poker bar (front smoky part). It might be all of these things, but what matters most here is the food. My husband said he ate here 10 years ago and that it was really good. I looked this up here, and saw that Guy Fieri had this place featured on his show DDD- LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, that show! After checking out the menu and seeing the reviews (STROMBOLI was mentioned many, many times), but having questions, I had almost made up my mind (hee hee).After passing up the smoking section (the bar part) and entering the Dining Room (there are 2 parts, the bathroom is in between both parts, in the hallway, next to the big red sign reading "DINING ROOM"), we chose a table, except the table was reserved at 6:30, so we moved against the wall, with the trophies- there were a ton of them. Looked like there were several other groups here, and a party was taking place. There was a cake and other supplies set up underneath the TV, which had sports on. We all ordered different items. My husband ordered the medium square pepperoni pizza, I ordered the chicken philly with mushrooms, onions, and peppers, came with steak fries, my husband's uncle ordered the steak sandwich came with steak fries, one friend ordered the chicken wings, but she didn't want fries, one friend ordered the original stromboli (this is what I wanted to order, but this one had assorted meats and I'm sure the sodium content is extremely high. WIsh they had a ham and cheese one alone). The bill was a little over $55, so the prices were reasonable. (We mostly had soft drinks and one friend had a couple beers.) I've been craving (I'm pregnant) a really good sandwich lately, and this chicken philly was extremely satisfying. The chicken pieces (good quality) were seasoned, the cheese was melted- ooey and gooey (yum), the fixings made it a good sized sub sandwich. I only ate half because it was very filling- it was stuffed! Everyone said that my philly looked good, and I admit it was one of the best philly's I've ever had. The steak fries were ok, weren't crispy (I love crispy skin-on fries), but weren't greasy, either. I'm not too crazy about thick steak fries, probably my least favorite. What I ate, I peppered and ate with ketchup, but I had alot left over (seems like lots of restaurants give a ton of fries these days). My husband's pizza was pretty big for an individual sized pizza, and the crust was kinda on the thick side (I prefer thin), but it looked good. I don't like pepperoni and being pregnant, I'm not supposed to have too many things with nitrates, anyway. I had a small bite of the corner of the slice, which had cheese- it was good. Because it's thick, I probably would've only eaten two slices of it. He only orders the pizza when he comes here (took some slices home). My husband's uncle's steak sandwich looked good, too, and he wasn't talking much, so I think he enjoyed it. The friend who ordered the wings, said that she only orders this whenever she comes here, and she's been coming here since she was a little girl, with her family (she also said that it looks the same just like it always did). The friend who ordered the stromboli (the 4 pc. order), said that it was good, but could've been more seasoned with herbs, and that the marinara sauce could've been warmed, it was cold. She finished it, though. She also said she'd order the chicken philly next time.The service was pretty good- our server was nice and attentive. The server checked on us several times and offered us refills and brought us boxes, too. Would I come here again? Heck ya! It's all about the food. Sometimes, ambiance doesn't matter, because the whole point of going out, is dining (the food, baby). I've always found that casual places are more laidback. Inexpensive really good bar food- you can't lose here. If you're a local, try it, you'll like it. If you're a tourist, come here, because it was on DDD (we found some really good places from watching the show) and then realize you'll come again the next time you are in Vegas.
4	Read the reviews. Watched the Triple D episode and finally got the opportunity to come here.  I was not dissapointed.  The Stromboli was as good as promised with the crispiest crust I have ever had on a stromboli.  The Meatballs inside were light and fluffy and plentiful.   The fried mac and cheese was the best ever. Small bite sized pieces allow you to indulge in a guilty pleasure without totally destroying your diet.  With sports everywhere, this place gets my seal of approval.  However, the smoky bar area and the smallish drinks were the only drawbacks.  The wait staff was very attentive and chatty making the customers feel at home.Try it. It is worth the trip.
1	If I could give it no stars I would. Guy Fieri must have been on a nostalgic journey at this dive! The service was beyond poor and the Stromboli was a total disappointment. They refused to make a combination pizza style Stromboli and insisted we only order one of their premade ones. It was undercooked in places, lacked cheese and flavor!!! Beyond that...it was a TOTAL dive. Stay away!!!
4	June 30, 2012 Saturday - dinner 6:30 PM4 adults & a kidAtmosphere - 4 starsFood - 4 starsService - 5 starsBackground - Been here before, but that was before my Yelping days. I loved it last time I was hearAtmosphere - Yeah it is bar which serves food.  We sat on the right side when you come in.  They have three TVs with sporting events on, we watched the Mets dominate the Dodgers.  I did not even notice the smoke, like some reviewers commented, but I think the new laws (probably three plus years now) prohibit the smoking in a place that serves food.  I think that is why they have glass walls around the bar, but these walls made for a strange feel to the place.Food  Appetizer - Onion rings, nothing special they were just there.   Main Course - Went with the original Stromboli again, so did my parents.  We all loved it.  I should have ordered one to go.  I wish I could get this rolled up pizza in Reno!  Dessert - I was stuffed after eating that Stromboli!Service - Our waitress changed the channel on the one TV no one was watching to Fox Sports so we could see the Mets Dodgers game.  Mary Beth was great, fast and funny.  What more can you ask for from your server. Future - Sure, I love the Stromboli.
5	As good as it gets for comfort food!This was one of the first Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives places we went to and we are glad we did.  It's a bit of a trek from the strip if you are visiting, but if you have a car (or don't mind an expensive cab ride), it's well worth it.  Definitely get the pizza or stromboli; it's cheesy goodness all the way.  And the ambience...well it's no Mastro's, but that's what I loved: it was exactly what you would expect a Vegas sports bar to be.
2	So we were looking for somewhere to have dinner Friday night and decided to check this place out.  I have never stepped foot in the place but have heard good things about it.  Walked in and just a wierd setup for the bar and resturant.  We walked around to the dining room and found a seat right away.  Our waitress was nice, attentive, yet somewhat odd.  Thats normal in some of those dive bars/resturants so no deduct for that.  Both of us ordered beer and my friend got his in the mug.  The waitress said it was suppose to be more frosty than it was but as long as its cold beer its good.  So much stuff to order on the menu but I was craving a burger so I ordered the western bacon cheeseburger.  My friend ordered the meatball sandwhich.  Everyone around us seem to be enjoying the food so we were excited to eat it up!!  Lets just say it was pure disappointment.  My burger was suppose to be medium, well it was well done.  It was so dry and flavorless.  The bbq sauce and cheese was the only good stuff on it.  My friends meatball sandwhich was cold.  He only ate half of it because of that reason.  We paid for our food and headed out.I probably wouldnt check this place out again.  It just didn't leave a good taste in our mouths.  I am all about some good dive, grease food, but this just wasn't the place.
3	3 stars with a caution.  don't order salads or anything fancy like that.  stick to the boli's and the pizza.  if you order a boli, ask that they use one of the old pans to cook it in.  i swear it makes a difference.  beer is cold. serivice is warm.  always a good thing.
3	this place is not scary, as some yelp reviews stated.  my one year old daughter had a blast running around and dancing in the booth.  the waitresses we had were all very nice.  i loved the wings, crispy goodness,  and the original boli was tasty.  it must be the dough they make daily.  very good.  my daughter loved the fried mac n cheese wedges :)  i would def. go back, next time i want to try the pizza, it looked awesome!
5	This place is the best.  Great food and cold beer at reasonable prices. Try the Stromboli!  Just a great place.
1	Garbage .... place wreaks of cigarettes .... 65 yr old waitress who is to lazy to do her job and gets a attitude when she has to get you a refill and it's only 1 refill then they'll charge you for another drink very very cheap .... Only us I. There at 10am for football I now know way as this place is a complete waste of time ....  Asked the manager / owner why I was charged $12 for drinks and he told me the policy and everybody else does the same and when I told him they don't that I had 8 refills last Sunday at Buffalo Wild Wings for no extra charge all he could do was shake his head and walk away ... Great customer service your bar is a joke !!!! Don't waste your time!!!!
5	I have eaten at this diveCan't beat the NFl specials 1/2 price Pizza's and wings during all Sunday and Monday NFL games.  Draft Beer $2.75-$3.25 Ice cold and delicious.
3	Julius Caesar said "No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected."  Expect to be disturbed by your visit to Four Kegs but, if you are brave enough, you will be rewarded with the treasure of Stromboli.  The first unexpected/disturbing experience is arriving at the Four Kegs sign you saw from the freeway and discovering an abandoned building next to the sign enclosed in a chain link fence in a scary neighborhood.  Not to worry, the Four Kegs is just on the other side of the parking lot.  There tend to be disturbing (or disturbed) individuals in the parking lot so hurry inside.  Once inside, you will be instantly disoriented by the odd shape of the room, an overpowering smell of cigarette smoke, and a dozen or so of the individuals your mother warned you about.  Hang a quick left and go through the glass door by the takeout counter.  You will instantly be comforted by the fresh air and friendly wait staff.    You'll find yourself in another odd shaped dining room reminiscent of Talladega Nights.  Strap on a Ricky Bobby smile and order one of the 4 draft beer choices - thus the name Four Kegs.  Finally order your Strombolli, enjoy your beer, be thankful for the safety of the dining room and plan your eventually escape back through the bar and parking lot.  One thing you will not be disturbed by is the Strombolli - delicious.  Some may be surprised that you will be eating it off of styrofoam plates but at least the utensils are metal.In the words of Nelson Mandella, "I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.". I'm guessing Mr. Mandela would be down for a Boli.
5	I just casually searched yelp for bars nearby where I'm visiting family and I noticed this place had a ton of reviews (thanks to Diners Drive-Ins, and Dives). We gave it a shot. Came with a 13 year old and sat in the area partitioned from glass. We all tried the strombolis, two originals and a beef and cheddar.Beer was cheap, with $3 Killians on tap. Our food was a little slow getting to us, but there was a wedding reception that day (what a novel idea). Strombolis had a nice crusty exterior and tasted great with the sauces they provided: marinara for the originals and barbecue for the BnC. I would definitely come again to try out more varieties of strombolis and the pizza.
4	OK.I finally got back here during the day for lunch.The restaurant isn't the nicest and neither is the daytime clientele.However, I must say the stromboli is solid.  Four star solid.My earlier review still holds...don't come here during the graveyard shift.  Just don't.
5	I saw this place on the Food Channel on Dinners, Drive-ins and Dives.  I had to try it.  From the first time, I tried the original Stromboli, I was hooked.  The original Stromboli is a solid 5 stars.  I make it a point to eat here every time I am in L.V.  As for the place itself....  I have read other reviews about how seedy it is and awkward the building is.  But until you here what the owner did, one would not understand.  The Four Kegs was a bar that served food.  When Las Vegas passed the law that you could not smoke where food is served, the owner had two choices.  Either close the food section and keep the bar only or do what he did.  Thankfully, he came up with the unique design the encapsulate the bar in the center, which keeps the smoke in the center and completely away from the eating area.  Luckily for me, he came up with he design because I love the Stromboli.
3	I go back and forth between giving this place 3 or 4 stars. They have been around Vegas as long as I can remember, and got famous a few years back after being featured on Triple D. It's a small bar with a small dining area in the back. They are pretty welcoming, but you can tell they have their regulars. They are known for their pizza and strombolis. Pizza is thick buffalo style, pretty good. Not too doughy. I prefer it with less toppings to enjoy the actual pizza. The strombolis are made with fresh ingredients but to me seem pretty average. I ordered the Cajun fries, buffalo spicy with a smell of vinegar. Yum. All of their salad dressings are home made and the blue cheese is thick and has red wine vinegar in it. I'm still undecided about it. The burgers are good, salad was average. Chili seemed like it was straight from a can with fresh cheese and onions on top. Hot link was a good quality meat. Not everything here is fresh, for sure some frozen appetizers and a few corners cut, but OVERALL you'll get decent food if you know what to order. Oh and it was fun pissing off the cowboys fans during the game too :) gotta love a place that you can watch the game at!
5	The food here is amazing! Everything we've ever ordered has been delicious. Every time my bf and I are in Vegas, we just have to eat here at least once during our trip. They also have some good lunch specials. Prices are decent and portions are big. PROS:-Pizza: It's so yummy and has a good sauce to cheese ratio. I always get it with pepperoni and jalapenos and I love that their jalapenos are spicy, not like many other places where they taste tangy but have no kick at all.-Stromboli: Generously stuffed, pretty big in size and delicious.-Buffalo wings: Perfectly cooked, crispy and covered in awesome buffalo sauce. Nothing worse than dry buffalo wings, but you won't have that problem here!-Philly Cheesesteak: Another hit. Big with plenty of meat and lots of melted cheese.-Fries: Thick, hot and crispy. Perfect!CONS:-It's a little out of the way and in a weird neighborhood.-They don't have a hostess stand so when you walk in it can be somewhat confusing if it's your first time. It's worse if it's busy because the waitresses are occupied so you end up just standing in the middle of the dining room or walking around not really sure where to sit or who to ask for a table. Once they notice you though, they're pretty good at seating you right away, it's just awkward for the first few minutes. Just thought I'd mention that. haha!
4	What can say, I saw this place on TV and it lived up to the hype.  The place is in strip mall and it is a little dumpy, but that's part of the charm.  I went to watch a game and ate the Stromboli and drank beers.  The best boli I have ever had.  Keep it simple, go in, watch a game, drink and eat Stromboli.  One of all time favorite dives.  EnjoyThanks
5	We went there with a couple that live nearby and I had seen it on triple D so had to go. First off beer was so cold I almost got brain freeze and the stromboli's are great.Our waitress was no slouch either, friendly and new the menu. I'll definately go back when I'm in Vegas.
4	This place is a total dive but who cares, the Stromboli is awesome. Don't mess with it, just get the original full order, after 12 midnight it's half price which great when your out and about in Vegas. Highly recommendedIGNORE some of these reviews, from the outside this place looks bunk and yes the inside needs a remodel ASAP, but the foodworks. Good service and great food.
1	We recently moved to Vegas and started looking for good places to eat.  Saw this place on Food Network D, D, & Dives... Decided to tvisit as it was hyped as SOOOOOOO GOOOOOO!!!!  We were SOOOOO DISSAPPOINTED!!!! ordered a large pep pizza, chicken tenders, and chilli fries.  Oh and two beers.  The beer was about the best thing although it was served in a tiny, what appeared to be, the smallest beer mug I have ever seen.  Not worth the money no matter how cold it was.  The pizza was bland and most of the pepperoni were burned , the chicken tenders were frozen and deep fried as hard as rocks (no joke, really couldnt cut them with a knife). The chili fries were basic fries from a bag, and chili beans from a can.  Ordered with onions and they came plain.  Simply had no good taste of flair at all.  We'll never go back.  Simply a complete waste of money...
4	Yes, we are like most of the out of town folks who come to Vegas and eat at the Four Kegs.    We saw it on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives.   This definitely fits the bill of a Dive.   Wifey and I have driven past this place countless times and kept telling ourselves, yeah, we need to check that place out.   Well, we finally did a few weeks ago after attending Big Dog's Winterfest.   The place is very easy to find.   it is right off the Jones exit.   You can't miss it.   We found a place to park pretty easily.   The place wasn't that busy for around 8 pm on a Saturday night.   We walked in and went past the bar area, through the interior doors to the dining room in back.   We we quickly greeted by an older friendly Asian lady.   We grabbed a seat and she took our drink orders pretty quickly.   We looked over the menu, but we were on a mission for one thing, Stromboli.   Our waitress brought out the drinks very quickly and we placed our orders.   I got the meatball 'boli and wifey got the standard 'boli.   Both came out in about 10 minutes which was pretty quick.   And yeah, they were awesome.   We totally enjoyed ours.   It may not look like a lot of food, but it is.   We both got to go boxes.   Overall:Food - Excellent Stromboli. Service - TerrificVibe - DiveyDrink - it's called four kegs because they only have 4 beers on tap.   So you get what you can.  Will I be back?   Heck yeah I will.
4	Only went there after seeing it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, must admit Guy Fieri was right, the Stromboli was great. Even though the appearance wasn't what I'd imagined the food our party of four had was good all around. Our waitress was also a kick in the pants.
5	The best stromboli I've ever had. Period. I've been going here for years and I can't get enough of the stromboli. I think it's the dough that sets it apart from every other stromboli.The best deal is when you get the stromboli with a Wednesday lunch special. For $7.99 you get a small stromboli, french fries, and a drink. A small stromboli by itself is usually $9.49, so the lunch special is a steal.
4	On my list of Dive Bars to visit when in Las Vegas . . . and so we stopped for a quick one before heading back to our hotel.  Best part . . . I drank for free . . . because I was playing video poker.Not a bad set-up . . . but will all the glass doors . . . you get a feeling that it is kind or small.  Though we did not eat any thing, the food smelled wonderful.I will most likely be back on another trip to try this place for lunch . . . only because when I am in Las Vegas . . . I like to dinner out at nicer restaurants . . . and this place has more of that homey atmosphere.
5	We were regulars at the Four Kegs on Maryland Parkway for years until they closed down.  Now we drive across town to this location.  Their Stromboli and Cajun fries are to die for.  Hands down the best boli we have ever had.  Team that up with frosty mugs of your favorite beer and walaaa, Great Times.Now the location isn't the safest in town but just don't hang outside of this place.If you haven't tried Four Kegs you're definitely missing out !!
5	This place holds a special place in my heart, ive been coming here since I was a little boy. My parents used to come here when they were teenagers! There pizza is great, its ky second favorite spot for beer and pizza. But my favorite place to drink in general. Good prices, great place to meet up with old friends and grub on some wings, pizza, stromboli!
5	I saw this place on diners drive-ins and dives so I went to see what it's all about. On the show, they were showcasing what the place is known for. Strombolis! It was this massive looking piece of dough stuffed with pizza toppings. I ordered the Stromboli and when it came out my jaw hit the table! This thing was huge! 4lbs! It had sausage and pepperoni and mozzarella. But what set this Stromboli aside from others that I have tried, was the dough! This Stromboli crust was damn good! It was flaky and buttery and crisp! You bite into it and you have that little crunch from the outside but then the inside is moist and flaky! I'm not even talking about the filling part yet! I'm just so in love with this crust! But with everything together it made for the best Stromboli I ever ate...highly recommend you give it a try
5	Love the half price after midnight menu foods always great n Robs a friendly waiter .....
5	Awesome place, a must stop while I am in Vegas.  The star is the Stromboli, had it many times and it is always good.  Tried something new this time, a Sicilian style pizza, good but I will stick with the Stromboli.  Mac and cheese bites were tasty appetizer that I would recommend to others.
3	My fiance and I ate here for the first time last night, and it was really good! I had the Original Stromboli, and my fiance had the Combo Boli (ham, turkey and Swiss). She liked hers more than I liked mine, but that's probably because I ordered a large and couldn't finish it!  LOL  We had their Italian Spumoni Cheesecake for dessert, and that was decadent! Easily one of the Top 10 desserts I've ever had! We showed up after midnight, so the bolis were half price! Can't beat a deal like that!
4	This is the first stop on diners drive ins and dives. The Stromboli is great ice cold beer and friendly staff. The only thing is they only have 1 draft beer coors, hey guys bud or miller would probably sell moreStill one of my faves. Enjoy
5	I was one of the many people that wanted to come to Four Kegs because I seen it on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" on Food Network. When I seen the episode, I didn't live in Vegas, but upon moving here, this was one of the first places I had to eat at. Needless to say, I fell in love with it. Every time my husband and I go there, we have to order their Hot Wings.Their Hot Wings are the "perfect" spiciness, in that they have a bite to them but not so much as to numb your lips. Their Pizza is amazing and they usually have some deal going on where it is 1/2 off during Nascar or NFL season. Stromboli there is amazing. Enough said. I also like the fact that you can come and eat there after midnight and get 1/2 off of both Pizza AND Stromboli, which is good if you are a night owl or a clubber. I live in Henderson, but gladly drive up to the Summerlin area when I'm in the mood for Pizza, Wings, or Stromboli, just for this place. Props to you guys, you're doing it right!
4	One opportunity I wanted to take advantage of while on vacation in Las Vegas was trying one of the restaurants I saw on Diners, Drive -Ins and Dives. My wife and I decided on Four Kegs. Driving up to it at first glance and it's easy to see which category this place falls under: It's a dive. But I mean that in the most positive sense of the word. Upon entry you are greeted with a smoke smelling bar / gaming room but to my surprise and delight, the dining area is sectioned off completely by windows and doors so the smoke doesn't seep into the dining area. You can tell this place is proud to have been on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives as there are multiple pieces of Guy Fieri memorabilia on the wall, but it added a little charm to the restaurant. As we sat down we were promptly greeted by a waitress (older, friendly lady whom I suspect has been there for quite some time). She was ale to take our entire order without writing anything down and obviously remembered it perfectly. On top of our table there were at least five other groups of people she was attending to yet it didn't affect her attitude or pace in the slightest. We started with the fried pickle spears and the cajun fries. Both appetizers were perfect. The breading on the pickle spears was near perfection and seasoned perfectly. It was obvious they use fresh ingredients and high quality pickles. The cajun fries were steak fries (I assume freshly cut) with buffalo wing sauce an seasoning on them. Again... perfect. I ordered the french dip. My only complaint was that the roast beef was SLIGHTLY dry but that was easily offset by the au jus. Not the best french dip but definitely in the upper echelon of french dips I have tried. My wife ordered the fish and chips (Friday Special) and she said it was solid, but not spectacular. She still finished them off and I tried them. Good quality seasoning. My step daughter had the wings and, on the kids menu, they wisely put the sauce on the side rather than completely dousing them. She took leftovers home and polished them off too. Overall, combining the service, freshness and quality of all the food,this is a good four stars. If I ever return I will have to try the stromboli, which seems to get a lot of praise.
3	This isn't far from my MIL's place so we picked up some food. It's famous, it's close by and I haven't had a stromboli in years. So inside it is definitely old school. It looks like it hasn't changed in decades, but not in a bad way, more like this place is a no frills institution. The one thing that did change is the barrier of the front bar is smoking and the dining is completely glassed in so no need to avoid it if you're smoke sensitive! We were a bit confused how this place kinda works for to-go so we get a ticket at the window and pay at the bar, but once we figured that out we got out there fast. Meatball Stromboli - definitely good, the meatball was tender and definitely homemade. The actual dough had some crunch on the outside, but was chewy inside. I enjoyed it enough. Turkey, Ham and Swiss Stromboli - this was just okay. The BF didn't like the type of turkey slices they used in this. I felt it needed something, I say go for strombolis with red sauce in it. We didn't know how filling these will be so we got a large meatball and a small turkey and that was way more than enough. We had left overs. We also got some chicken tenders and fries. These are typical bar tenders and taste like many bars so definitely premade, but alright anyways. Their medium sauce is more vinegary than spicy. I'll probably be back for a meat and red sauce based stromboli and probably won't mess with anything else.
3	I've been coming here all of my life. My whole family has, in fact. I'm glad it's still around and it's just a great bar to have a drink or two. The food has had it's good moments. Not everyone is perfect. I say this because only once, because when we got home with our pizza and bolis, they were all bread and not enough sauce, chz and meat. Maybe the cook was busy, who knows? We have been back, several times after, and everything is, and has been, as expected. I enjoy the heck out of the ham and Swiss boli, the Cajun fries and a red beer. If I'm really hungry, hot wings are delicious an hit the spot. The meatball boli gets ordered, also. Guy Fiari aenjoys, since he's been back. That makes twice!
3	For starters, the original Stromboli is awesome. But, do yourself a favor and order it to go. I love a good dive bar, but this is pushing it. The 3 decade old carpet saves all of the years past odors. We were served but an absolutely charming older Asian woman. We loved her. But as the place got busier, the charm level fell. Took a good 10 min to pick up my card to pay the bill. That's really one of my biggest pet peeves while dining. And the beer selection....I get it, it's a hole in the wall. But can you at least carry Sierra Nevada? Heineken is never an acceptable "good" beer option. The food is great though. Too bad they share any association with Guy Fieri. That dude is beyond irritating.
3	For starters, the original Stromboli is awesome. But, do yourself a favor and order it to go. I love a good dive bar, but this is pushing it. The 3 decade old carpet saves all of the years past odors. We were served but an absolutely charming older Asian woman. We loved her. But as the place got busier, the charm level fell. Took a good 10 min to pick up my card to pay the bill. That's really one of my biggest pet peeves while dining. And the beer selection....I get it, it's a hole in the wall. But can you at least carry Sierra Nevada? Heineken is never an acceptable "good" beer option. The food is great though. Too bad they share any association with Guy Fieri. That dude is beyond irritating.
4	Pizza and stromboli are some of the best in town. Bar staff is very friendly and the draft beer is usually on sale. The back of the bar (the restaurant section) is blocked off by glass and is smoke free. Nothing fancy but a great place for pizza and a beer. If you want to avoid the crowds during football season this is your place.
5	Best Strombolli in Tha World!!!!! Featured Nationwide on the Food Channel!!!! Also Half-Price on Graveyard!!! They have awesome flavors like Roast Beef & Cheddar, Ham & Turkey, Broccoli & Chedder & Original Pizza!!!! Be sure to bring a friend cuz you can't eat this all by yourself!!!! Also Famous for their Sicicilian Rectangular Pizza, & Their Chicken Wings, & Steaks!!!!!! Right off US 95 At the Jones Exit behind Del Taco!!! Coincendentally tha Last Place I hit a Royal Flush!!!! 14 Years ago and it was Dealt to Me!!!! Cole is a Great Bartender too!!!
5	Simply WOW. I heard about Four Kegs by word of mouth and had to check it out myself. My friends from Texas were visiting Vegas and they weren't really in the mood for spending ridiculous amount of money on the strip so I brought them here. Apparently, Stromboli and Philly's are what Four Kegs is infamous for but we ended up with juicy fat burgers. If their burgers are this amazing, I can only imagine what their Stromboli and Philly tastes like. Great customer service and again amazing food! Since I'm a local, I will be making frequent visits here. Oh and prices are very reasonable.
5	Ok, been back twice now and ordered their traditional Stromboli during my second visit. The Stromboli would be the perfect child if pizza and calzones had a baby. The Stromboli is not very greasy nor is the breaking heavy. Every single bite was dreamy. I also had a taste of my friend's Philly cheesesteak and AGAIN amazing! I love this place!!!
4	Have to love this place for what it is.  Don't be scared when you walk in because it does not look like a place to eat until you go to the back room past the bar. Good heavy greasy Stromboli and pizza to soak up last night's toxins.  Pay attention to happy hour times. They have great prices on everything. Also, they serve beers in big goblets. Perfect!
2	Ok ok, so I saw this place on Diners Drive ins and Dives and I thought "Hey" I want to try this place out. When we arrived I noticed a few homeless men sitting infront of the bar. Whwn I walked in I was not even greeted by the bar tender. I had to read a sign to get directions to the restaurant seating area which by the way is in the very back of the bar. The seating was very small. The waitress looked at me and my wife standing there waiting to be sat down. After about 5 minutes she stated "You know its seat yourself right" WOW! My wife and I sat down and we ordered. I had the house stromboli and my wife had chicken wings and fries. My wife ordered her wings naked with no sauce. Her order came out great. My stromboli was OK. It was very bland and lacked flavor. I was really dissappointed. The waitress asked me what was wrong and I explained to her the situation. She then left my table and returned with a pizza sauce for the stromboli. She said this was what was missing. I then asked for a re-fill on my water and it came 12 minutes later. The stromboli still was just OK nothing great as I had herd and wanted it to be. The customer service sucked. Thumbs down to Diners Drive Ins and Dives for this recomendation.
5	The original is the best boli I've ever had! Sat at the bar, great service. Justin took great care of us. So glad I ate here. Ps. Cold glasses for the beer are a huge plus!! Great place to watch football.
4	We met some friends from out of town last night because some of us are fans of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives on the Food Network.  This was a place that Guy Fieri used to patronize when he was a student at UNLV.  What more do you need to give it a try?We got there at 5 and soon two of our friends arrived and 10 minutes later the last got there.  I point that out because there's one table in the dining room that has a sign saying it's reserved for parties of 5 or more.  The waitress knew we were expecting 3 more guests and she brought us drinks.When everyone was there, we ordered 2 original strombolis and one of the group got a chicken salad but he did try the stromboli.  It's been a lot of years since I ate stromboli in Upstate NY so I was glad when friends from NY suggested eating here.The stromboli was very good.  It had a thin dough which is something few places do.  I like it the way it was made because you're not eating so much bread.  The filling was ham, cheese, pepperoni, and tomato sauce.  We also got a side of extra tomato sauce.  The taste was exactly what I was used to from my past life in NY.  Service was very good.  Our server was quite friendly and she had a good wit with our salad friend.  I was so pleased that the smoking bar area is glassed off from the eating area.  The Clean Indoor Act really has helped a lot of us.  I'm a fan of the Four Kegs and I'll be back.
4	This was our fourth time to visit Four Kegs and it was just as good as ever.  We originally came after seeing it on TV.  Our favorite things to order are the original Stromboli (pepperoni, ham, sausage and cheese wrapped in the yummiest dough ever) and the Cajun fries.  A large strombolli easily feeds 2 people and only sets you back about 12 bux.  The fries are 3bux and are plenty for 2-4 people depending how much you want to stuff yourself.  Crazy good deal!! Very much a hole in the wall place with great food and people.  We tried the veggie strombolli this last time and it had great flavor.  The restaurant isn't in the greatest area but totally worth the short drive (about 8 miles west of the strip) especially if you go for lunch.
5	late night cheap food and killians irish red in a goblet!
4	Met a few buddies here again for mon night football and a much better experience Mary Beth was great half off wings & pizza smoking deal willmdef go back
5	One of my favorite spots to eat in Vegas. Usually get the pizza or philly cheesesteak, and I have yet to be disappointed. Been going here for 7-ish years now. Kind of run down, but it's a good laid back atmosphere that my family and I love.
5	Every word I have heard about these infamous stomboli's have been true! I never realized that I live only 7 minutes away, and now that I know, I can't stay away. Every friend or family member who comes to town for a visit we take because if you're gonna come to Vegas it's a MUST on the list of to-do's!
2	So I take my pursuit of Diners, Drive-in and Drives pretty seriously.   I think this place is one of the iconic places featured in the first season of DDD. While attending a large business convention, I convinced my wingman, the crown prince of auto accessories to visit Four Kegs for lunch. There is a bar in front, and a small dining room with booths in the back ( access through a glass door).The Stromboli was decent, but not earth-shattering. it did not live up to the hype and expectations. 2 starsService was courteous and prompt. 3 starsThen there's the smell.  The aroma of stale spilled beer.  That smell is earned at places like McSorleys in the village (Manhattan- one of the oldest continuously operating bars in America), but not here. I don't think they have re-invested any of the profits they have generated from DDD back into their facility or business.  Plenty of parking in front. The siren-song of the DDD fame drew me in, but unless I hear of improvements, I will not come back.
3	Things I like: * There are no fucking yuppies here; * It is older than I am; and* Portion sizes are ridiculously preposterous (big).Things I do not like: - Ventilation. Or lack thereof. Smells smokey. (Maybe I am a yuppie); - Nickle and dime. A buck for marinara sauce? Fifty cents for ranch? I mean come on. The fucking stromboli costs 12.99$; can I get anything to wet it with besides ketchup that I won't be surprised with on the check; and- Dr. Guy Fieri's dumb hair.Now I am obviously no stromboli expert. If you are, educate me on how the fuck am I supposed to eat this thing sans marinara sauce. So, instead of asking one what sauce one would like (none is offered free), the question is framed as such: "Want any extra sauce." Emphasis being added by the waiter on the word: Extra. Extra means in addition to. At least that is what I think it means. (I am no English major, as you can tell.) So what the fuck is extra about it? Where is the fucking sauce inclusive with my purchases? I mean, if I am being asked for my preference for "extra" sauce and all. Do they mean extra than what is inside the stromboli? What the fuck is going on here?Fuck, man. The rent is too damn high. This place is just "A-OK." - E
4	This place is great....separated from smoking, big screen TV for football, okay wings and great service
5	loved it can't wait to go back
5	Come late at night/early morning when you can meet the coolest bartender Justin, and happen to come across an old timer named John......Justin is informative of the menu, makes you feel at home, and just nice as hell! The food is super good (we had the fish minus the chips) and a "Boli".......YUM!!!! But look for John, he has a story or two! Seriously going back just to see these two guys!
5	Love this place. I used to come here all the time when I lived here. When I come in to town I always make a point stop in for wings. Best wings ever!
2	Was ready to go spend my money on a bunch of wings and pizza but called and found out there not doing half off wings n pizza on wildcard sat ??? Guess our group  of 6 will just go spend it all at bww where there's nicer tvs and way less 2nd hand smoke ..... Till next yrs mon night games I guess ....
3	I used to live right around the corner so I enjoyed it as a good place to end the night with some cheap beer and cheap, good food. My favorite thing that I always order are the deep fried pickles with ranch and hot sauce. I've never actually had their stromboli, but its all pretty much good, classic bar food.
4	Very small bar. The Bud Light on tap was ice cold and the bartender was friendly and introduced himself as Rich. I had the Original Stromboli since this place is known for it and it was AMAZING! I will definitely be back, again!
3	I have lived in Las Vegas for 15 years and have been to Four Kegs countless times, but this is the first time that I can remember ordering anything other than stromboli.(Back story: We planned to go to lunch at Triple Play, which had the best club sandwich in town, but when we pulled up, IT WAS CLOSED! Like, fencing around the perimeter closed! I am still reeling over it...)That said, my heart was set on a club sandwich, so we headed over to Four Kegs, which is not too far away. Pretty crowded for a Friday afternoon, and it seemed like a good mix of locals and tourists, the latter of whom were all dining on the aforementioned stromboli. After ordering our usual beverages (Killian's for him, Shiner Bock for me -- both ice cold on tap), we took a look at the rest of the menu.My husband had the daily special, fish and chips, which was not much more than three frozen filets dropped in the deep fryer along with a side of fries. Nothing to write home (or here) about. I, of course, had the club sandwich. Although it's unfair to compare this club with the heavenly (and now defunct) club from Triple Play, this still wasn't quite what I had envisioned. All the usual suspects were there -- ham, turkey, cheese, lettuce, and tomato on rye -- but the bread wasn't toasted, it was cut in half (instead of quartered), and there were only two pieces of bread instead of the traditional (IMHO) three. Don't get me wrong; this was still a tasty sandwich. And I may be knocking it down a grade because I am still in mourning for my Triple Play fave. But while I will now be on the lookout for a place with a great club sandwich, I already know that THIS is the place for a great stromboli. And that's what we'll both be ordering next time. (My tip on that: Order one original and one beef/cheddar, and split them.)
5	Loved this place! Being a foodie, a food safety professional and a sucker for hidden gems it can be hard to win me over. We wanted something off the strip on our way back from visiting the Hoover Dam. This was featured on Diner's Drive- ins and Dives which is how we found it. They haven't let it go to their heads! The signs on the door that said "ring bell after midnight" or the lack of any windows may steer you away, or sketch you out, but...go inside! The service was excellent and so was the food. Wings and Strombolis were just as delish as all the reviews we read. The prices were also a really nice break from the strip ;)
5	Today was my first encounter with the infamous Four Kegs and the stromboli (original). I always wanted to check the place out and try the stromboli since seeing it on Triple D. After multiple times visiting Vegas, I finally tried it. However, my experience would be as a take out order. I must say, the stromboli did not disappoint. I loved how it tasted, nice crisp, crunchy buttery crust and gooey cheese melted with the sauce and meats. Next time I need to experience Four Kegs as a whole, dining, eating and drinking. Till the next time..
5	While in Vegas we wanted to try something different not on the strip.  We looked up restaurants from the Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.  They are known for their strombolies.  I have to say this was one of the best stromboli's I have had.  It wasn't so much the ingredients, but the taste of the dough. The dough was really tasty and soft.  Love it and would definatley recommend it to anyone that wants good food for a CHEAP price!Friends had the wings and said they were very good as well!
4	I've only been here once but it was a good experience. Kind of a hit or miss with these TRIPLE D / Diners Drive ins and dives places. This didn't disappoint.We went late on a Thursday night JUST for food for take out. We entered the separate dining area and then we placed our order. It's really tight like a hall way to get by but it has a handful of booths to sit at. They have a "typical pizzeria" menu. No offense at all, but the typical burgers, pizza, wings, ect. We were after the Stromboli! The menu was placed on the wall but they also have menus. After ordering we were nicely informed that the two Stromboli and wings would take about 20 minutes because of baking. No problem! Oh btw the place is definitely a bit "dive-like". It isn't the most modern and definitely not all trendy and stuff. Also you pay the bar tender just FYI. Kind of weird but makes sense to me. After that a couple of servers tried to seat us so we just sat down and waited. There's also this really friendly lady kind of roaming to make sure people are being helped and doing okay. After about 15 minutes the cook walked to our table to let us know the food was ready.The Stromboli were 12.99, I believe, each. The wings were 8 for $10.00 I believe. We paid, took it to go, and then we were nicely thanked as we left.It was a standard and nice interaction done with smiles and that definitely went a long way for me. I appreciated the overall friendliness. We got back to the house and dug in. I didn't read the whole get marinara thing until after I got home. Fortunately the Stromboli were still amazing without the extra sauce. The dough was what made it for me. Definitely different than a calzone. We got the original which was like typical three meat pizza ingredients and then a beef and cheese one. Both of the choices were spot on. Each is about the size of HALF of a pizza but they are stuffed. They both fit in one pizza box. The wings looked unassuming and standard but were nicely done. They were not breaded and slightly crisp. They were good but nothing to rave about. I honestly don't have any complaints. The only tiny minor gripe is that the end pieces virtually had no toppings stuffed into it. The dough was so good I didn't mind too much.I'll definitely be back for some Stromboli.
4	Went here with my parents as a throwback since they moved away from Vegas ages ago. My dad used to play for a softball team sponsored by Four Kegs so they had fond memories. We asked for a pitcher of beer but you can only get one of their special glasses. Fried Mac n cheese was yummy, the Stromboli was huge and packed with meat. I liked their pizza the best. Supreme with tons of toppings and very doughy Sicilian style. That is how my momma made pizza growing up. I appreciate that they section off the non-smoking area. The waitress made us feel right at home and completely rolled with the "dad jokes" my father likes to spout off. The place also is much smaller on the inside than it looks from the outside, probably due to the layout. Lots of charm, great food, and even better service.
4	Getting late night snack on..always order a 1/2 off 7item Sicilian pizza no onions...tonight included chicken wings and fries...decent service not your buffalo wild wings or pizza hut. Its great value and good bar food. Unlimited soft drinks. Ranch dressing homemade and works with fries and wings. Stromboli is good I heard.  Only been coming here for a year. My friend got me hooked.
4	Best Stromboli in Vegas.  Always friendly service.  Mario the owner usually there and does an outstanding job taking care of his guests.  The crust for both Stromboli and pizza is outstanding.
5	Found this hidden gem via other yelp reviews and it lived up to the expectations and more! The bolis are as delicious as promised and the lunch cheese steak special was a fantastic deal (Included a soad/tea and fries for about 7 bucks) . The dough on the bolis is just heaven. You can taste the homemade authenticity and care that goes into the preparation of each boli. Four Kegs is a bit of a dive, with only about ten tables but with food like this you will definitely want to venture away from the buffets and pricey fare of the Strip.Equally as amazing as the food was the cheery and friendly service we received from Kelly. She was sweet, knowledgeable,  helpful and fun! She made the experience even better by cracking jokes and just being relatable and friendly.  We left feeling like friends and definitely will be back next time we're visiting Vegas. I couldn't recommend this joint any more highly if you're looking for great food, reasonable prices, amazing service and a Cheers-like feeling in the heart of Sin City.  Kelly rocks!! Go visit her and enjoy some amazing food while you're at it! Side note: a lot of people have been confused by the directions/location. We saw a sign for Four Kegs near a vacant McDonald's building and were a bit confused at first but with just a quick spin around the parking lot we found it with no problems.
5	Ah, the Four Kegs. I remember eating pizza here with my mom and dad in the late 70's and just like then, I still get excited when I walk thru those old doors and sit in one of those old booths!! This IS old style Vegas, most non Vegas natives can't handle places like this, maybe it's not fluffy enough like P.T.'s or Timbers. Well that's just fine, march your bootay right on down to those places and leave the best damn pizza, Stromboli and ice cold beers in those great old mugs to us that love places that have stayed true to us born in Las Vegas natives for so many years! Done with my rant, where's my Boli.
5	Best cheesesteak subs and Strombolis in all of LV!!..Great bar that has cold tap beer served in iced mugs which are a nice touch. Friendly bartenders and servers make this a fun place to visit!
5	The best Stromboli I ever had in my life.  I keep going back for these.  Meatball and Original are spectacular.  The place is a dive bar, but the Stromboli are so awesome that it makes up for the atmosphere.  There is a bar and separate dining area.  I've eaten in and gotten food to go.  Everyone is super friendly.  The service is really great.
5	BEST STOMBOLI OF MY LIFE!!! Went because I'm a fan of Diners, Drive-ins And Dives.  It is truly a dive bar.  Went on a Tuesday to avoid weekend crowds.  Saw the Stromboli on tv and thought I'd give it a try.  I'm Italian and have eaten a few in my day.  Was in Vegas for a conference.  BEST STROMBOLI OF MY LIFE! I got the meatball and hubby got beef& cheddar.  Prefer the meatball but the crust!! OMG!  flaky, buttery even.  Sauce good and meatballs was homemade and fluffy, as if out of my grandmother's kitchen.  Glad we found it.
5	the Stromboli is insane good true its a dive bar but staff is always super friendly and quick service. i will go there many more times!
2	i am at a loss on why people like to come here.  First and foremost, patrons are required to walk through the bar which has cigarette smells that have been here for 40 years.  it is disgusting.  I've been there twice and there were several old worn out bar patrons that probably occupy a stool every day.  That is the biggest turnoff for me  Once behind the door to the small restaurant, it's quirky to say the lest.  The service was very good and friendly.  The food was good and arrived quickly. i had a patty melt and it was delicious and juicy and served on marble rye.   I am a loss to figure out whey when there are so may choices in LV for restaurant and folks would choose to go to Four Kegs.  This confirms that there is a lid for every pot an it takes all kinds of places to make the world happy.    I'd never chose to go here, but if a group wanted to go I would hold my nose to get into the restaurant and have some good food.  This is certainly not a place fork people who want to eat healthy.
3	Diner's, Drive In's, and Dives is so hit or miss on their recommendations.  The Four Kegs seems to fit the pattern.  The original stromboli that everyone raves about- didn't impress us that much.  If you live in a major city, you can find a stromboli in your home town just like it and in many cases - better.  We did like the dough, which is a huge part of any stromboli.  It's nice and browned, with a buttery flavor to it.  Other than that we were not impressed with the fillings here.  It was mostly an average quality black forrest ham, although there were supposed to be pepperoni and salami in there as well.  No other flavor really stood out.  Black Forrest ham isn't an italian meat, not sure why they are using it here when you have so many great Italian cold cuts to chose from.  The stromboli also could have had more cheese and marinara sauce.  Only 3 stars. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-kegs-sports-bar-las-vegas?select=dJ5C1t4So4ZeWE3FDocWKQ#aHBeyIiUwWA0g3ATNPnR5gIf you are going to come here make sure you get the Meatball Boli.  Four Kegs meatballs are very tasty.  Surrounded by the excellent golden buttery crust, this one was a winner.  We ordered a side of marinara sauce to dip in and I suggest you do as well.  It's not an amazing sauce, but I found a little dip went a long way.  It could have used a few more meatballs in this boil as well, especially since we were sharing.  4.5 stars for the Meatball Stromboli.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-kegs-sports-bar-las-vegas?select=dJ5C1t4So4ZeWE3FDocWKQ#xhW180LRrXist_kfJBrl-QMy wife rocked the boat and got the Chicken Philly.  I wanted to try the Philly cheese steak since a few people have raved about it on yelp.  But she loves a good a chicken philly, unfortunately this one was just kind of average with green peppers and onions.  Nothing too remarkable about it and it made her wonder why we drove here.  Also the potato salad was very sweet and blah. 3 stars.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/four-kegs-sports-bar-las-vegas?select=dJ5C1t4So4ZeWE3FDocWKQ#m47QUO5PiUWFKIVpjdKciAMy daughter had some kind of fried mac 'n cheese nuggets.  Yuck!  If I never ate one of those again it would be ok with me.   It was clearly Kraft Mac -n Cheese balled up, breaded and deep fried.  Her fries were very uninspired as well.  Based on what we tried, I found Four Kegs to be a one trick pony with the Meatball Boli.  Perhaps pizza is good here, since they have a good dough and seem to know what to do with it.  I'd say Four Kegs is best for locals only.
4	The Stromboli is great but there is some truth the to complaints about the quantity of the fillings. I'm from just outside of Philly, and their cheese steak is way legit. I probably prefer the cheese steak to the 'boli.I had a Reuben there, a new offering for Four Kegs, and it was great as well.Super cold draft beer in chilled goblets is a big plus, and the servers are genuine, down to earth, friendly and competent.All in all, a great place to eat and drink casually and inexpensively.
5	As you're driving by, and see this place, you're probably thinking, "This looks like a dump. I'm not eating here." Well, don't judge a restaurant by it's exterior. Come in, walk all the way towards the back. That's the "restaurant" area. Towards the front is the bar.There's really one thing worth getting, and it's the stromboli, as featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. You may be thinking, "Isn't that just like a Hot Pocket?" Shut your mouth, because you are WRONG. These strombolis are amazing. Perfectly crispy crust, and flavorful delicious filling of cheese, meats, and veggies. Every time I go to Vegas, this is my go-to place.
4	Like most others we saw this place on Triple D and had to check it out. Unfortunately we thought the abandoned building under the sign by Summerlin Pkwy was it so we thought it was closed for about a year....but it's not! It's actually around the side on Jones. Anyways...the Stromboli was off the hook!!! It was so good we ordered another to go!!! Ok so the place could definitely use a remodel, but we have no problem stopping in for a 'Boli. We went around 1100 AM on a Friday and there was only a couple other tables in use.
3	Went here because of DDD. Definitely a hole in the wall. I would recommend this place if you are hungry and thirsty. I imagine their drinks are very strong. The food though is definitely bar fair, so do not come here expecting a culinary adventure. If you come here starved then the food and portions will definitely satisfy.I ordered the Boli like I was supposed to, ordered the turkey and cheese one. I was a little disappointed because although the dough was delicious the filling of just cheese and turkey did not satisfy me...maybe some spinach or something?
5	Wings and pizza. Very cool Maralyn and Kimmy were great bartenders. We all love hole in the wall bars. Mike the chef was great too. Ashley was excellent, and smokin' hot.
5	Great food.  Great service.  Ashley was a wonderful server! !  We will be back for sure.
4	We visited this place for the frist time food was pretty good wasn't really what I expected orange Chicken  a little over cooked.and Spicy noodles kinda of salty. Will try again.
4	OK - I was in Vegas for about a week and I wanted to try all of the triple D locations in town.I skipped John Mull's because it was 105+F the whole week and they only have outside seating.  I had eaten at a different restaurant every night all week and was getting ready to get on the plane and get out of town.  I had Four Kegs on my list and was determined to get in one last DDD before I left town.I used GPS to find my way here. It is definitely a dive type bar.  It is on the side of a strip mall.  There are no windows, and there is a sign saying "over 21 only" and "after midnight, ring bell for entry".  Shady.Upon entering, you are in a typical looking bar with (because it's in Vegas) some video gaming machines.  It smells of smoke.  Off to the left, there is a glassed off area where you can go through a door and be in a small dining room area (with no smoke).  Since I had to get on a plane in 3 hours, I didn't want to overdo it, so I just got the meatball stromboli as recommended by others on Yelp.It was very good, but I can see why people complain.  Northeastern folks are used to a certain kind of stromboli (and Italian food in general).  Midwest and west coast people really don't know anything about the East coast pizzerias and subshops so they have no preconceptions going in.  The bolis here have a very buttery crust, almost like a pizza hut pizza.  The fillings are home made and the meatballs are salty but good.If you are from NY/NJ, please forget about your preconceived notions of what a stromboli should be and just enjoy it for what it is,.  I liked mine a lot and finished the whole thing.Note that they don't call the sauce "marinara", they just call it a red sauce, so just order that if you want to add an additional dimension to the boli.  I ended up not using half of it, but it wasn't bad.I would come back with friends to hang out here, it's a very laid-back place.The parking lot was full, if that means anything.
3	Went here because I saw this on diners drive-ins and dives and I have to say it was just okay. Not the best not the worst. I think it gets by mostly by reputation and being open all the time. Tried the calzones, the buffalo shrimp on many other dishes and didn't find any to be that remarkable or original. Worth a one-time experience just to say you have gone and that's about it.
4	A delicious sh*thole off the strip. Only tried the original Stromboli which was excellent. A true dive worth visiting!
3	$20 will get you a small Stromboli and an order of hot wings- enough for one with a few leftovers or for two who aren't really hungry. 'Boli is okay- surprised this made Triple D, but considering it's inside of a bar, quality and flavor are a lot better than expected. Wings were ordered hot but tasted mild, didn't like that the side of ranch was oddly chunky and inside the takeout box, which made it warm and more unappealing.Service was quick. Order by phone, ready in 15 minutes, take your order receipt to the bar to pay, any tip you leave on card is given to you cash to take directly to kitchen staff when you pick up your meal.I don't think I've had better food in a dive casino, and appreciate that they're open and take phone-in orders 24/7, but this isn't a place I'm likely to seek out.
5	This Las Vegas classic has been serving excellent food for over 35 years. The appetizer section of the menu is something to behold. Fried pickles? Check. Breaded cauliflower? Check. Zucchini chips? Yup, they have those too. It looks like a dive bar with bar-top gaming, but don't be bashful - walk right in and pick any table because the service is always excellent and the food is fantastic. The Strombolis are the signature dish and are even on the lunch special every Wednesday. We love to sneak away for a lunch break, or take out-of-towners to a real local Vegas experience, or stop here during a weekend motorcycle ride. Make any excuse you need, just grab some friends and head over to Four Kegs for some of the valley's best food and service.
2	Just say NO!  While the server was nice and polite the food was horrible. Gave it two stars instead of one because the waitress was nice. Maybe it's "good" when you are on a moderate to heavy state of lubrication. The boli came out and the cheese was not melted and the dough was doughy. Sent it back and they just threw it under the salamander, which if you know how these work, it basically burned the top and didn't really do anything else, like solve the problem of unmelted cheese and uncooked dough. Ordered a side of ranch to help choke it down and they charged $0.50. That in and of itself is perry. Since the boli didn't come with marinara the least they can do is not charge for the ranch unless I'm asking for 20 of them or something. I now remember why I haven't been here for a couple years. I wish yelp would have a personal memo section for restaurants so I can make notes for places I like and dislike.
2	Just ok.  Not anything special.  Got a "boli" and fingers.  The fingers are straight from the box to the fryer and are not anything special.  Soaked in hot sauce and served on foam plates.  Most any large chain restaurant will have much better food and served on real plates.  The "boli" was undercooked and plain.  Tasted a little bitter/sour.  Pizza hut or any national chain has better pizza based fare than this place.Save yourself the trouble and avoid this experience.
5	The best Stromboli they have. Always I take all my corporate staff & colleaguesHere and they do enjoy the food. Best service and food!
5	Awesome food nothing like I expected! 1/2 price pizza after midnight. Service is great!
4	This place is definitely off of the beaten path, but I'm glad we were brave enough to try it. The wait staff was extremely nice and fast and the Sicilian pizza was really delicious. We also ordered fried pickles and Stromboli, which were both very good. You should know that they only have about 4-5 beers on tap and if you want marinara with your Stromboli it's an extra charge. I was glad we are here though.
5	True definition of hole in the wall dive bar, but OMG, the food is amazing!!! The Stromboli is delicious, the fried pickles are the best I've ever had--they are spears, not slices--and the hot wings have a spicy, vinegar-y sauce with lots of flavor. Don't forget the Mac & Cheese wedges, and the awesome hamburgers that were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu at this gem of a dive.
5	Holy Macaroni Wedges, Batman. Don't be dissuaded by the front bar area. The back is super cozy and the yums are the perfect comfort food. But, the BEST part of the night, hands down, was our fabulous server, Ashley. Great recommendations. Wonderful personality. Let's just say Ashley is the bomb dot com. We will be back to see her soon.
1	Comments: Spent $16.74 on a take out today of ribs, coleslaw and baked beans. The ribs was extremely dry. The baked beans was sour and my stomach rejected it at first taste. The only thing that tasted good was the coleslaw. I drove 1/2 hour from Henderson to try their food since it was featured on TV. Disappointed.
3	Come here everytime Im in town.  Sadly it seems like the food has lost something each visit.   Original Strombolli again.  Probably 3 stars for bar food and a half a star for a place where quarters still come out of a slot machine.
5	Best bar in Vegas.  I've been going there since the 70's and never been disappointed.
5	Just ate @ Four Kegs for the first time and it was amazing, had the turkey & swiss boli it was amazing!!! Also there hot wings were really good too. The waitress Lucy was awesome too. DEFINTELY will be back not an everyday thing but 4 a nice cheat meal, its the place to be.
4	Just happened to visit this place due to work...and I'm glad I did. This place is a true blue dive bar. It has loyal locals and a core staff that has been there for a long long time. You must try the stromboli and the Philly....both the best I've ever had! We ordered a stromboli plate and Philly plate both with fries and one soda....$17! We were stuffed. Hands down, I will be back to this place with friends in tow. Ask for Mario, he's the man.
5	They make a wonderful philly cheesesteak and also a chicken one if you don't like beef.  Great burgers and the Stromboli is awesome!!!
5	This place has the best babe food I have ever had. Also, it has the best strombolis and deep dish pizza you can handle it Las Vegas. You will not be disappointed with not only the food, but the friendly service as well. Great hospitality, and ICE COLD BEER. Such an excellent place close to the strip.
5	OMG-THE BEST PIZZA EVER!!!!!We saw this location on the Food Network and we had to try it. When we arrived the place looked like a hole in the wall. But inside was pretty dark and totally awesome. The beer at the bar was so cold and made the beer taste so much better. Ok back to the food- we order the wings and pizza. Wings are a must!!!! We got "hot" flavor and they were seriously the best wings ever. Then we got "the guinea" pizza as shown on TV. Let me tell you,  I travel all over the U.S. and this is the absolute BEST pizza we ever had. Even better than Chicago and NYC . we got the not so wee size and it was a big pizza. Good for 4 people or maybe 6 if you are not that hungry. But the pizza is so good, you can't stop at two slices.
2	Wasnt impressed this time cheese burger overcooked and dry, fries cold. Said its a new cook and sorry paid full price for the dry half I ate didn't touch the fries.
5	Checked it out while on a business trip, based on a personal recommendation and the facts that it was featured in Food Network's "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives". LOVED IT. We ordered, burgers, pizza, stromboli, chili-cheese fries and shrimp scampi. All DELICIOUS!
5	Love, love, LOVE this place!!! From the Cajun fries to the pizza & the chicken fingers to their burgers..omg. everything is so good. And the staff is super friendly. My family and my friend always come here.
5	Unique- is the right word for 4 Kegs - the menu on the wall makes you feel like a drive through - everything after that changes your impression - Fantastic food - Stromboli to die for and the Wings r even better -Top it off a killer Cheese Cake - it's the Staff that makes it all happen - A GREAT PLACE
1	Their stuff is usually good but I just got food poisoning from their Kegs Club. Didn't taste right, and now I'm suffering for it. How do I know it's from this place? It's the only meal I had today and started feeling sick later tonight that I couldn't attempt to eat anything else. Thanks a lot. I better not spend the rest of the week in the bathroom puking my brains out. A health inspector should visit you guys soon.
4	Came here for their famous Stromboli and definitely did not disappoint. I ordered the full size meatball but was only able to eat half. It's huge! Not sure about their other menu choices but I'm sure it's all good. The service was fast and the staff was friendly. FYI, the stromboli is half off after midnight.
5	The best of the best "dive bar".  You'll realize immediately that you aren't a regular and nobody knows your name ... and it's ok.  The veggie stromboli is ooey-gooey with cheese and, because are waitress said the ribs were her favorite, we had those too.  Amazing.
5	ALWAYS A MUST. half off pizza during football and after midnight. Amazing strombolis, fried mac n cheese bites, cajun fries, great service. Will always have my business
4	I love their meatball stromboli.. Just make sure you ask you it cooked a lil longer, it tends to be cokd in the center...This is the best place for late night pizza or stromboli tho
3	The only reason why I give four kegs a 3 star rating is because; 1. I ordered the fried mushrooms and when I bit into one, it was still frozen in the middle. I'm not a professional chef but I do know you never freeze mushrooms.2. The waitress did not apologize about the mushrooms. I know it's not her fault but she could have stopped by our table and apologize on behalf of the chef. Also, there was no follow up to check if we have liked the food or if we needed anything else.I myself have worked in the restaurant industry for some years so maybe I'm being a bit to harsh but at the end of the day I loved their food and I'll be coming back.
5	Best place to eat in Vegas. Whenever we visit Vegas the first place we go to is the Four Kegs. Great food. Neighborhood is getting a little rough but they have the best Stromboli I ever ate. Bartenders are hardworking and friendly.
5	best pizza ever.  i would drive from california just to eat it and go home! !!!!the crust is amazing! !!!!!!!loved the prices and our bartender rick was so nice.  owner was a cool guy also from our area in cali. well be hitting that place every time we go to vegas!!!thanks for the experience
5	Really friendly staff, good drinks and food. Good prices. Mario set up a soccer game for us in the big screen after we had searched everywhere to watch it.Definitely worth a visit if you wanna find an honest local bar, without all the pose of the Strip.
1	Really.......4 stars???......Really.....???The service is good; but the food is mediocre at best.Enough said.
4	Service was good, pie was too- we had half pep- half ham pizza & , fries  they were cooked good as well & the beer is very cold. It is a good pizza/wing joint to. Lots of local UNLV crowd which is good.
3	Pizza was quite tasty,  wings were alright,  mac n cheese wedges were disappointing.  Waitress was very friendly and service was good.  Not a bad place to catch the game.
5	WHAT A  DIVE !!! exactly what I was looking for !!  The waitress was fun and the food was good. The strombolis are the star of the menu but the mac and cheese wedges are the ultimate white trash gold, a MUST HAVE. Cant wait to go back
