4	I have been a fan of Rosa's since it was an unknown hole-in-the-wall. No longer unknown -- nearly any time of day finds the place packed -- and occupying several times the space it started with, Rosa's could still technically qualify as a "hole." But no mater; the food at Rosa's is about as good as Mexican gets. Housed in a run down Mesa strip-mall, this unlikely epicurean delight serves traditional Sonora-style Mexican food, topped with five different kinds of homemade salsa (watch out for the  habanero --it will strip the enamel off your teeth). But it's the soft tacos that are Rosa's real glory: beef, pork, and chicken are marinated in fruit juices and herbs for 12 hours, slowly oven-baked for another 10, then shredded and charbroiled. And the fish taco is in a class by itself. Mmm... I think a taco run is in order...I only deducted a star because the wait can be very long and therefore the service slow. But I'd love Rosa's if I had to wait all day!
5	This moderately priced place really rocks.  I can't even begin to tell you how happy I get when I think about a potential lunch or dinner there.Because it's so good, Rosa's is usually packed.  Lunch time is just plain INSANITY!  Groups of parties with with 10-14 seem to be quite the norm.I've been there consistently for the past 3 months and I've yet to see the restaurant have dirty floors, bathrooms or unfriendly and slow servers.I've tried just about every dish they have and I would recommend the Flying Saucer or the Chimichanga Plate.The meats are heavenly -- they are spiced just right, are flavorful and juicy.  The chicken has never been dry in all the times I've eaten there.Ok, I'm cutting this review short -- I'm heading out to Rosa's.  Hope to see you there!
3	I'm not as enthusiastic as the other two reviews, but this is above average in terms of food.  However, the atmosphere is lacking in comparision.  It really is a hole-in-the-wall.  If you want something different than a chain, you may want to consider it.
4	I like Rosa's. Being that I've resigned myself to never again eating the great cheap Mexican food I had in Chicago (or even in Madison), I might have just lowered my standards -- but I think that Rosa's serves inexpensive and tasty food.I know some other reviewers have complained about the atmosphere, but I think the place is cute. Also, our waiters have always been really friendly. The last time I was there, we were served by a guy named Juan and he was the most outgoing, responsive and sweet waiter I've had in a really, really long time.I've only been here for lunch, so I usually have the lunch specials, which are in the $6 range. I feel like I get a pretty good deal, and the service is quick.
4	I had planned on grabbing some McD's and saw the bright lights of Rosa's in the same parking lot.  I saw it as a sign to avoid fastfood for tonight.I ordered the Plato de Carne Pork.  The portions were HUGE.  I probably ate about 1/2 the port.  My fav part of the meal was the free chips and salsa.  The red salsa was great.  The green salsa was addicting!Total damage was $19 including tip.
4	Looks like a hole in the wall but it's pretty good.  Good service, good food, good prices.  They have specials every once in a while so we go when we get our mailed coupons (cuz we're cheap like that.)
5	If I could eat only at one restaurant for the rest of my life, this would be the place!It's definitely a hole-in-the-wall joint, but if you're looking for seriously delicious Mexican, this is the place to go!I've had basically everything on the menu, and everything is scrumptious, but here are my staples:Chips and Salsa - They do provide complementary chips and salsa and I could drink their salsa verde... both the red and green salsas are sweet, but they pair well with the fresh chips. Bean Dip - The smoky refried beans are mixed with cheese... heaven in a bowl.Pineapple Avocado Salad - Try it with chicken... makes for a great "light" lunch. The poppy seed dressing is refreshing.Green Chile Burro - Holy cow. This massive burro is literally bursting with  green chile beef (their delectable carne asada mixed with roasted green chiles). Try it enchilada style with green sauce. You will go home with leftovers with this one.Plato de Carne Asada (or Carnitas) - Either way, this is a huge plate of meat. The meat is so tender, juicy, and flavorful that it will satisfy even the most finicky Midwesterner. If you get the carnitas (pork), ask for extra limes for making your tacos... totally delish!Shrimp Tacos - This is the dish I would choose as my last meal (along with another side of refried beans and their chips and green salsa). This is Baja at its best with tender, flavorful shrimp (cooked in a honey butter sauce) served with pineapple salsa that rivals the greatness that is their salsa verde. I've never been a fan of corn tortillas, but with the honey butter sauce soaked into the tortilla, I'd eat a dozen tortillas no questions asked. Shrimp Mazatlan - Big sweet shrimp grilled on a skewer with that same yummy honey butter sauce served with a skewer of grilled vegetables and pineapple over rice. So good.Enchiladas Monterey - The same great carne asada in enchilada form. Get 'em both with green sauce. You can thank me later.Plato de Chimichanga - This is good any way you get it. Seriously. Refried Beans - I never liked beans until I tasted Rosa's refried beans so many years ago... smoky and delicious. I can't get enough of these beans... and find myself licking the plate to get every morsel in. Rice - I love red rice, and Rosa's rice doesn't disappoint. The great texture comes from little bits of carrot mixed in.The prices are really reasonable, and the portions do not disappoint.
2	Rosa's is kind of a Mormon staple - it's being so close to the Temple and all.  I have been there countless times, but my last visit on June 3, 2009 was an unqualified disaster.  Service was painfully slow.  The food, normally good for Baja, was lousy.  We complained to the person who was pointed out as the manager - Bert - and he was less than interested in our problem.  He basically said, "There's nothing I can do for you."  Awesome business skills.  Well, there is something we can do for him.  The five of us, and our families and anyone we can dissuade, will not be patronizing Rosa's ever again.  There is a lot better Baja in the Valley.  I think they are resting on their laurels.  Oh, and the best part?  We found out that the good regular chef wasn't there - and that a DISHWASHER had been recruited to fill in with the other regular chef.  Seems that clogged up the kitchen, because it took them a while to call in another dishwasher.
4	In Short: Awesome food, one of the best places for authentic mexican food in the valley.I've been going here for a while and I've never been disappointed.  It looks a bit sketchy from the outside but once you walk in, you're going to be pretty happy.  Before you start the meal they'll bring a heap of fresh tortilla chips and two salsas.  I find the green one too sweet and the red one with pineapple lacks a real kick.  If you ask them they'll bring two other varieties one is about medium hotness and the other one is the habenero salsa.  Be careful with that one, it's really hot, but I find it if you mix that with the green salsa, it's pretty damn good.  I love their enchiladas, the monterrey enchiladas being my favorite.  They have massive burritos and chimichangas too, can't go wrong with most of the items on the menu.  It's one of the only places in the valley with a decent horchata, there's a just a hint of cinnamon, making it near perfection.  Definitely save room for some flan, it's so creamy and delicious, perfect way to cap off a spicy dinner.
3	There are a few great things about this restaurant, and a few bad things about it. Let's start with the bad:- service is slow...I kept finding myself thinking "any day now" a lot during my visit: for our waitress to come back, to get our food, to get refills and to get our check processed, so beware of the slow service.- too windy...yes I know we live in a desert and nice, cool air circulation is great n'all; but Rosa's had their A/C a little too cold for how many people were in the restaurant and their fans were spinning at high speeds which was annoying because I always had to wipe that flyaway hair out of my face and I was freezing cold!- Bean dip...you have to order it...but at other restaurants they give it to you for free, and personally it wasn't worth the money we spent.Now the good:- Bathrooms...can I just say: amazing!! It's small, but oh so cute!!! Beautifully decorated, well ventilated and I just LOVE the faucet! Very impressed.- Food...food was good, I'd say a 5 on a scale of 1 - 10. The food came out at the perfect temperature to just start eating right away - which was good, because I was STARVING. - Decorations...this place has the perfect environment for an authentic Mexican meal. Nothing is over done: music, but not too loud; art, and you don't need sun glasses; Lighting, not to dark, not to bright; Bathrooms, again, fabulous...- Friendly Service...they are slow but when you get the chance to see your waiter, they are nice :)I recommend this restaurant, it's A-OK!
4	Good food, great chips.  The green salsa is excellent.  I had a fish taco and it was very good, fresh fish well seasoned.  The enchilada sauce is smokier than most enchilada sauces.  I liked it but my wife didn't.And one more time:  Chips and green salsa were fantastic.  It wasn't so much better than other mexican food places that I'd go way out of my way for it, but I'll be back for sure.
5	Rosa's has great food and service, always, always a stop when we visit the area.
5	Is it cheap?  Yes.  Are the chips fresh, and the salsas free?  Yes and yes.  Is the food delicious?  Yeeeeesssss.Whenever I'm back in Arizona, I hit up Rosa's for some authentic, Baja deliciousness.  Their Baja platter with fish and shrimp tacos is my go-to staple, but their chimichongas and enchiladas are also great.(Oh, I also forgot.  Are their beans addictive?  Yes...!)
2	It's shameful how "downhill" this place has gone.  I used to be a huge fan when the Sirrine's owned it.  I'll stick to Rancho de Tia Rosa (which IS owned by the Sirrine's) next time.  The service was PAINFULLY slow.   Now, I could understand that years ago when I used to go and it took 45 minutes to an hour just to get a table.  But when only 4 or 5 tables are filled there's NO EXCUSE for poor service.  The salsas used to be SO MUCH BETTER and more flavorful.  They are a hint of their former selves.  The salsa verde - previously a stand-out in the green salsa category - is mediocre at best... and that's a tremendous compliment.  Oddly enough -the chips are still some of the best I've ever, ever, ever had.  The food - like the salsas - is a shadow of its former self.  It lacks the succulence, the flavor, and the wow-factor it had when Dennis Sirrine was calling the shots.  It's bland, slightly dry and just not there anymore.  What was equally disappointing is they've replaced their iced tea (something used to drive across town for) to a horrible concentrate.  Blech.  Considering this place used to be packed to the gills on a Tuesday afternoon at 2pm and now you can easily walk in on Friday at dinner time and have your pick of tables, the restaurant needs to recognize the issue and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.  They absolutely cannot go on like this.
4	After all these years, Rosa's is still one of my favorite Mexican places in the Phoenix area. I've been going here for well over 10 years, and we still make occasional trips to old town Mesa for their signature meats.Our favorites:* Plato de carne: basically a huge fajita plate with better meat--you get your choice of meat with grilled veggies, beans & rice, and tortillas* Chicken chimichanga: their chicken is marinated and always fabulous, and I'm a sucker for a good chimi* Salmon tacos: big chunks of salmon, white cheddar, and homemade mango salsa--my wife's staple.I give it 4 stars since those salmon tacos have lost some of their original luster. They used to bring tears to your eyes, but I think they're skimping on the salsa a bit nowadays.Service is consistently good, as are the chips and salsa. The beans, as others have mentioned, are superb. You won't leave any on your plate.
5	Rosa's is the only Mexican place I like in the East Valley. They serve baja-style, seemingly authentic Mexican, with fresh ingredients and good service. Don't be put off by the almost-dead, no habla ingles crappy shopping plaza...just park in the ample lot and ignore your surroundings.I've been there enough to have settled on a favorite dish: the baja shrimp tacos (also available in a tasty grilled fish), which are amazing. The shrimp is always perfect, and it's complemented with a not-too-sweet pineapple salsa and fresh vegetables. I'm not a rice and beans fan, and the staff has always happily substituted black beans and a grilled corn-off-the-cob dish.I did once have a mistep, which might have been more my taste than the food: I didn't care for the mango chicken salad. The carmelized onions with mango didn't appeal to me, even though separately the ingredients were all fine.The highlight of Rosa's is the green salsa verde that's served with chips as you wait. They'll also bring a red tomato salsa to your table, but you'll forget about it after you try the green.
4	Good food, good service, nice environment. Ok so I tried this place after reading the positive reviews and I must agree the outside parking lot is a bit crappy, but once you're in you'll soon forget about it. It has a nice traditional Mexican feel to it. The margarita's are tasty and the food is pretty good!I went there with my family and we ordered the Plato de Carne( mixed meats) which was ok if you mix all the sauteed veggies with the meat because with out it the meat is pretty dry with little flavor. Although I must say if I was to order again I would get the chicken because it was very moist and flavorful. We also had the Shrimp plate, it was very good! I really enjoyed the grilled pineapples that accompany the shrimp. We did like that the plates come with lettuce, tom. s/c and guac. The salsa's are ok, I was excited to try the green that people raved about but was disappointed upon tasting it. The green sauce was very, very sweet with little- no hint of spice and the red wasn't much of an improvement.I did ask for something with a little more spice and the server brought out another but I think it was the same red? We ordered the bean dip and really enjoyed it (finger licking good) chips are very tasty and fresh.I would most definitely return and would not hesitate to bring others along to enjoy this great find!
5	Great food! I had the fajitas and they were about perfect. The chips and salsa was very good too. Next time I'm in the Phoenix area I'll be back for more!
4	Margaritas are sweet and potent. The interior has Mexican written all over it. Very authentic. Service was excellent.  The red salsa didn't have any bite but I enjoyed it. It tasted roasted and had a fruity flavor (pineapple or mango, I suppose). The green salsa looked like tomatillo salsa to me. I loved it. Flavorful and hearty, although it was a tad sweeter than I am used to.My steak fajitas came out on fire - awesome. The meat was flavorful and so tender! I asked for another type of sauce. A mild sauce. So the waiter got me the perfect dark red sauce with just the right kick.  Poured the sauce all over my fajitas and was on my way to grubbin'.The margaritas were $2.99 - can't beat that.  I had three.  I jogged back to the hotel in case anyone was wondering...sike.
5	Smoked beef is the best. My favorite Mexican restaurant.
2	I was pretty dissappointed with my last visit to this location. The service was really slow and inaccurate (ordered a margerita on the rocks and frozen came). I can't really blame it fully on the waiter, the place was obviously under staffed. I ordered a green chilli chimmy with green sauce... and it was not good. The beef was dry and flavorous and the green sauce was bla... I couldn't finish it.
5	Rosa's is awesome.  It flourishes despite its sketchy surroundings.  The location is downright scary from the outside - beaten-down old half-empty strip mall, with a clothing store next door that sells new clothing, but makes a typical thrift store look like Neiman-Marcus.  If you were just driving by, the odds you'd want to stop are near zero.  Don't be deterred!  Once inside, you'll be quite comfortable as the surroundings are nice and comfortable.I've had several items here, but have settled lately into their fajitas.  I always order a chicken/beef combo, and I swear they simply double the portion of meat by giving full servings of each.  The beef is unusually good for fajita beef, very steak-like and tasty.  Zombie Girl generally goes for the shrimp tacos, which she loves.Prices are reasonable, service is competent and friendly, and the value proposition is strong.  Rosa's earns a solid 4.5 stars on the patented, trademarked and copyrighted Brak-O-Meter, a half-star withheld for location.. but rounded up to 5 due to all the positives.  Visit Rosa's tonight, you won't be disappointed.  And you know you can always trust Brak!
5	This place is so good that every time my family flies down from Chicago, we drive an hour just to drive out to Mesa from the west valley just to eat here!!  Everything I've had I've loved!!  And the bathrooms are adorable!
4	Very quick & quite good. Prices are decent, as well.
1	Let me first start by saying the mole enchiladas were yummy,  The server was adorable, and the chips were great!Now the bad: My family is vegetarian with the exception of me.  After constant assurances there was no lard or pork fat in the beans we ordered chips salsa, a veggie burrito and the fish tacos.  Both my wife and daughter (the veggies) became violently ill on the way home.  The server claimed there was only peanut oil in the beans which we believe to be suspect.  In addition, all of their salsas, with the exception of the habanero have chicken stock.Bottom line: cute place, nice atmosphere, not going back.  Not putting lard in products does not make them vegetarian.  What a rough night.
2	This place is ok. I dont think its as good as everyone says it is. Its Americanized Mexican, which is fine but not something that I go for all the time and its definitely not at the top of my suggestion list for Mexican food restaurants.
2	I am from the SF Bay Area, hence, i have lots of excellent choices in CA.  This place is ok.  I probably wont be back although not bad.  I  had the Mexican salad and that was good.  The beef taco was good but nothing special.  I guess that somes up the restaurant good but nothing special.  Chips and salsa ok at best.
4	Couldn't believe how empty it was here for Cinco de Mayo! Nice menu, quality food, friendly service and a solid happy hour. Strong margaritas. Nice, casual atmosphere and above average, varied and large Mexican dishes.
3	I don't get the hype.Bean tacos- just okay.  Spinach enchiladas- just okay.  Chips and salsa- just okay. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
5	Shrimp tacos!  These really are the best I have had.  I have eaten them 3 days in a row before.
3	Ok..seriously just ok. Green salsa was horribly sweet and gel like. It had no taste of tomatillo in it. The tacos were stuffed to the gills but average. The chimis tasted reheated in the microwave and oddly like sopapillas. Over all ok food but a bit pricy for ok food.
3	We came here with family after recommendations from friends.  The food was just ok, and seemed a little over-priced for the quality (and it wasn't that expensive).  We drove from Ahwatukee to try this place out and I would never do that again.  If we happened to be in the area and saw the place I "might' give it another visit, but not really worth a lot of effort.
4	I was craving a shredded beef crispy taco from Mango's last night so I drove 20 minutes out of my way just to arrive and find the place closed early on Monday's. I was super bummed :( So I pulled out my Yelp iPhone app and searched for the closest Mexican place with a decent rating. I pulled up to a super sketchy shopping center and parked in front of a taco stand. I looked at the sign and realized it wasn't Rosa's, so I moved my car closer to the front of Rosa's. I walked in and the place is decorated pretty nicely. Chips and salsa came right away with my drink order. The chips were great: large, warm and crispy. The red salsa, however, left much to be desired. It was ok, but nothing to write home about. The green salsa, was absolutely gross! It was sweet. Sickly sweet. Call me crazy, but I was under the impression that salsa was supposed to be spicy. The sweetness of the green salsa only served to highlight how little spice was in the red salsa. But it was free, included in the meal, so I can't complain too much. I ordered a shredded beef crispy taco plate with rice and beans. Now, I don't eat a lot so the portion size was fine for me, but $8.50 for ONE taco and rice and beans? I think they should give you at least two. But, I suppose that is just the nature of ordering from a sit-down Mexican restaurant as opposed to a taco stand. Anyway, my entree came out quickly and although the menu only states soft taco, they gladly made me a crispy one. It's funny because the entire time I was sitting there munching on my chips, waiting for my taco, I kept thinking that I should have just gone over to the taco stand I initially pulled up to in the same shopping center. I wondered what their tacos were like. As soon as my food came and I took a bite of the taco, those thoughts immediately vanished. The shell was nice and crispy, shoved full of very flavorful shredded beef, lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese. I like a litte spice to mine so I added some Cholula and it was right on the money. Onto the side dishes - here, they cancel each other out in my book. To give them credit, I usually do not like spanish/Mexican rice. I never eat it. In fact, I usually order double beans no rice. Their rice, however, was really quite good. It was super moist and flavorful, not dry or rubbery at all. I was really quite surprised at how good the rice was. The beans were also surprising, but not in a good way. They tasted more like bbq beans cooked next to, or in, a smoker. All I could taste was smoke and it was not only overwhelming, but out of place. Refried beans should not taste like pure smoke, just sayin'. All in all, the place was quite good. Service was friendly and attentive. However, I wouldn't drive 20  minutes out of the way to come here, like I would for Mango's.
4	Omg I can drink the salsa tomatillo. Wish this place were closer to home.
3	My parents love this place.  How they found it I'll never know.  The food didn't blow me away, but it was good. I would return if invited by someone, but would go there again on my own.Bit of a scary neighborhood though - lock your car doors!
4	Great local restaurant. Their happy hour goes until 8pm. I got an awesome $3 Margarita. The shrimp tacos were tasty, but what made them extra special was the pineapple salsa that comes on them.The neighborhood is pretty run down, but once inside the restaurant everything is great.
4	The food was good for american type mexican food. I got the enchiladas with rice and beans and the margarita was huge, but not much alcohol. The flan was the best flan I ever had! so creamy and sweet!  The service was quick and very friendly.
4	One of our favorite Mexican restaurants. My wife had a craving for Mexican food, so we stopped off here for dinner. We've know about this place prior to moving to AZ in 1998. The food is delicious. I keep forgetting to write a review and I started this one in November, 2011. I must have the comings of Alzheimer. Anyway, this place used to be packed before Rancho De Tia Rosa opened. Now the customers are starting to frequent this place more because the last time we were there, both dining areas where 85% occupied.
5	The Original Rosa's Mexican Grille gets 5 STARS for Best Fish and Shrimp Tacos! Best Chicken Mole! Best Chimichanga! Best Tomatillo Salsa Verde! And Best Place to Take Your Out-Of-Towners!  We have been going to Tia Rosa's with our family for what seems like over 15 or more years now, starting with their original Mesa Drive and University location as well as the second East McKellips and newly opened Gilbert restaurant at Higley and Warner.I originally heard about Rosa's reading a New Time's Best of Phoenix review and first  we tried the "Plato de Chimichanga" with oven roasted and marinated for two days beef or pork.  All in all it got 5 STARS and has been my wife Karolien's favorite and staple for many years since.  This dish earns your loyalty and respect with it's tender taste!  Includes Spanish Rice and delicious smoked beans topped with sour cream, plenty of guacamole and cheese!  She also loves their Pineapple Avocado Salad and has order another Mango Salad in the past which she swears by!"Why I keep coming back time and time again?"; Rosa's gets TOP HONORS FIVE STARS as the BEST TAQUERIA in the Valley of the Sun hands down for their Beef, Chicken, Pork, or what I always order fresh Fish and Shrimp soft tacos!Their Baja Style Sauted Shrimp Tacos with pineapple salsa are what they say; "To Die For!" Juicy and tender I have never found any other contenders even on the beaches in Mexico!  I love to top the shrimp taco with Rosa's Best Green Tomatillo Salsa Award that I have yet to find that green is sssooooo addictive beware!.  The fish soft taco either your choice of grilled Salmon or Halibut comes stuffed with red Cabbage and Orange Mango Salsa are my absolute favorites.  Are you kidding me!  Anyone looking for the BEST SEAFOOD, FISH OR SHRIMP TACOS IN PHOENIX YOUR LOOK IS OVER....DRIVE TO THE EAST VALLEY!  The 2 item plate comes with delicious Spanish Rice and those oooohhhh so good smoked baked beans!It even gets better as I absolutely love Tia's "Plato de Carne Asada" which I understand is a 12 spice marinated beef or pork slowly oven roasted for 10 hours, and then charbroiled over an open flame!  It comes to your table smoking hot and I love many flavors and so get the combo Beef, Pork, and Chicken!  Put it this way I am getting hungry just thinking about how good this dish is!  I forgot to mention Rosa's takes the prize for Best Chicken Mole!  Which includes six varieties of chilies, 22 spices, herbs, nuts, fruits and chocolate blended together in this classic Mexican sauce. It comes garnished with sesame seeds and served with rice and tortillas!  This sauce is king!  Delicious and never greasy!  It is a true art to have an award winning Mole!So grab the whole family and set a date for Rosa's and Rancho de Tia Rosa's in Mesa and Gilbert, call ahead on weekends to get placed on the waiting list, you will not be disappointed and any miles driven will be well rewarded!  They have earned every one of these FIVE STAR Awards as good as it gets!  Enjoy!
2	Sigh... I'm done with Rosa's.  Went there on Thursday and ordered something I am very used to ordering.  It was bland and uninspiring.  The salsas - forget it... you'd be better off smuggling in a bottle of Herdez.  Chips?  Bland and stale.  The waiter was very quick, though - gotta hand it to them on that.
3	Hmmmm, unless a Mexican restaurant is authentic, has killer salsa or guac, or thinks totally outside the box, Tex Mex seems all the same to me. I mean obviously if they hand you a burnt or cold dish you can say it is terrible and if it has killer salsa or guac you can say it is great. Maybe I shouldn't write reviews for these types of restaurants because I just don't get it. I have just never left a Mexican Tex Mex restaurant and said OMG! I love it. However, I  am an "authentic" Mexican food lover, innovative Latin Fusion taster, and of course, the worse Salsa and Guac snob in Phx. Sooooo, on that note here goes with my review. They kind of asked for it and tempted me to do it when I read their advertised, "Best Salsa In Town" signs.      The place is darling. I liked the darling deco, the menu artistically is adorable, the girls bathroom has a pail and water pump for a basin! (Love it) My mom said I have always been fascinated with fancy bathroom decor since I was a little girl growing up in NY and I guess I haven't changed much. lol!   Food- the chips tasted like a bagged grocery type- and I am not talking one of the better brand types either. The red salsa tasted like ketchup to me. However, I will say I did like the green salsa. Mango or fruit infused maybe? The green was good but I am still not giving it a "Great" or "Best" in town label. Not even close. Nothing to write home about, just better than the red. I ordered a Shrimp Quesadilla, which again was good but nothing to write home about.  The service was not very good. It did not stink but it wasn't great either. They were busy due to the convention. I usually reserve judgment on those matters to the  managers for not knowing what is going on around their town and scheduling enough staff. However, the guy was not very friendly serving us. He seemed annoyed with simple requests, and he was very slow.  More help was definitely needed that day. Pet Peeve on service- please clean away empty plates and glasses when you put down new ones. We had tons of dirty dishes and glasses in front of us at an already very crowded table. (Not good)  Ok, so there is my review. Take it or leave it. I feel this place is nothing to write home about. I am amazed at all the 4 and 5 stars it got from fellow Yelpers. It is cute though with OK food. The prices seem on a high average end. Go on off hours I am guessing for possible better service.
4	I have been living in New Orleans for a long time, so I have admittedly low standards for tacos and tex-mex. While in town for a conference, I stopped by Rosa's for lunch, and got the fish taco plate with beans and rice. The fish taco was very good. If I had been in town longer, I probably would have gone back again for dinner. And like another commenter said, the faucet shaped like a pump in the women's bathroom is pretty great.
5	Started as a small taco shop by a missionary to Mexico and has expanded several times over the years. You will not find one bad or so-so item on the menu! The meats are simmered over many hours to perfect flavor and temperature. The Plato de Carne is quite a large portion too. They have several different types of salas so you have to ask not only the "hot" one but there's a habanero that is many levels higher than that! One of my all time favorites in the heart of Mesa.
5	Definitely my favorite TeX Mex place.  I've been coming to Rosa's for many years and I haven't had any bad experiences. Rosa's was always one of the restaurants on my "visiting home from college" list. First: DecorThe place looks nice but tiles are EVERYWHERE.  And yes they're pretty and colorful, but sometimes it can be a little hard to keep your balance when walking to the bathroom and your chair will not stop rocking.  The cheap paintings and plants are OK, definitely better now than ten years ago.  Overall not great, but WAAYYY better than El Charro.Second:  ServiceThe service can be hit or miss.  Some days it seems like they have enough servers and things are done in a timely manner, but some days the whole place is just off.  Like it will take forever to get drinks, and then an eternity to get food, and then you get sick and tired of waiting to pay the server so you end up taking your bill to the front counter and have whoever is up there ring you up.  But those days are few and far between, and most of the time the people are nice and quick.Third:  FoodAs I mentioned I've been a regular for quite some time, and so I've tried everything on their menu and not one complaint.  My usual is the shrimp tacos, but I also enjoy anything beef especially the nachos.  The only down side is probably their salsa, its a bit too watery and not spicy enough but I ask for habanero sauce and that definitely punches up the spice.  And while I enjoy the taste and texture of the food as I eat it, I also greatly appreciate the fact that it doesn't "mess me up" later in the evening.  Most other Mexican food I have usually results in me re-enacting a traumatizing scene from Dumb and Dumber, but Rosa's doesn't.  All in all, the food is good.In summary, Rosa's is and will always be my standard for TeX Mex.
4	Great food.  Ignore the location, it's obviously not the best but the food is delicious.  If you are worried about location, go to Tia Rosa's up on McKellips which has much better ambiance with the same food.  All of their meat tastes like to is lightly smoked which really adds to the flavor.  This location is also great for lunch if you have business in downtown Mesa.
4	Yummy!!! Margaritas...yes please!!! Ambiance was great. Service was on point. Food was fresh and delicious. I ordered the spinach enchiladas which were pretty good. Tried my friends mole enchiladas, even better!! Overall...really good!!
2	Rosa's--Just okay.The opening chips and salsa was tasty and bottomless, but the salsa was definitely on the sweet side.  The food overall wasn't that bad, but nothing distinctive.  You get a fairly large plate of Mexifood in a pleasant atmosphere and pretty good service, but the taste is only average.  Frankly, there are a LOT of Taquerias, even Filiberto's at times, that have had better tasting grub than this, especially at the prices that they charge.  They don't charge an excessive amount, but dinner for three here cost over $60 with tip.  The taste of the food wasn't commensurate with the price--just to compare, another meal at the Filiberto's drive-thru in Tempe provided a similar amount of food with a better taste for $25.Worth the 35 extra dollars to eat in?  No.Recommended?  No.Crappy?  No, but why not get food you really enjoy for less money elsewhere?
5	Hands down best traditional Mexican food in AZ!  Green salsa and Enchiladas Monterey are amazing!
2	This place is below average. I ordered my food to go - Chile Relleno a la carte and a Chicken Chimichanga Plate Enchilada Style. Staff was friendly and my order was done fast, but the food wasn't very good. The Nachos were stale, my Chile Relleno was made with New Mexico Chiles and not the Poblano listed on the menu, lastly my Chimichanga was merely chicken - no sauce or flavor to substantiate the "enchilada style" designation.  I've sampled enough of this menu to know that I won't be back.
4	UPDATE Oct. 2013: I went there again this weekend and it was just like the good old days.  The service was great and the food was absolutely the best food I have ever eaten there.  I got the Nachos with chicken and beef and the flavors of both are amongst some of the best flavored meats I have had anywhere.  They have also remodeled in the past few months and it looks really great.  They added new booths that look nice and are comfortable.This used to be my favorite mexican restaurant.  However, over the last few years it has really been a disappointment.  My most recent visit a week ago was horrible.  They got both orders at my table wrong.  I sent mine back and it came back wrong a second time.  I was so annoyed I ended up just picking it apart and eating the chicken.  My friends just ate hers the way it came. The server offered no apology and I just couldn't wait to pay the check and leave.
4	Love this place! Best Mexican food I've found in Mesa.
2	No restaurant review should ever have to say, "Where you start getting into trouble with this place is when the entrees come out." But that's exactly the case here. This food is hot garbage wrapped in tortillas. The fish tacos are nauseating. The incredibly dry meat in the green chilli burrito gave my brother in law food poisoning. The beans taste burnt, and they've apparently decided to season their rice with dust. Failing at the basic, I can only imagine the nightmares happening on the deeper items on the menu. Also it's overpriced. The chips and salsa are very good (especially the green salsa), and the staff is very friendly. Those things are important enough to squeeze out two stars. But if you're near downtown Mesa, I don't know why you wouldn't go to Mango's instead.
4	Best white-people-Mexican-food around LOL! The stuffed quesadilla is BOMB. The cheese crisp, yum. Tacos, great. Chimichanga NOT great, it's very very dry. EVERY time I order it, too. Actually most of the shredded beef is dry. And the green salsa is sweet! Which, seems to be either a love or hate feeling for most people. I happened to LOVE it. mmm. The beans are cooked with like a smoke flavor so they taste super good. Overall I would recommend Rosa's. It's not SUPER authentic Mexican, though. Just sayin. Kinda Mexican American...Kinda.. But I enjoy the flavors. And you can tell by the almost-strictly white audience that dine in here, its not 100% Mexican flavors, but don't let this comment turn you off. It's still really good, we come here quite often. just know that there are more authentic placesOverall, there's more good food than bad. I would recommend this place (and I do often) to my friends and anyone else.
5	We love Rosa's!! Its the perfect place for a group as they accommodate large parties and kids. I love the chicken mole, cheese crisps, and shredded beef tacos, and the salsa is delicious!
5	We love Rosa's!  We come here at least once a month with all 5 of our children.  We especially love "kids eat free on Tuesday" for obvious reasons.  The service is always great.  Food is good and comes out very quickly.  Great family owned restaurant!
4	This place was recommended by a local to us as we were in town for a swim meet. We stopped in for lunch and was not disappointed. The steak fajitas were great along with the half pitcher of margarita. The green salsa was different and grew on ya as you kept dipping. Atmosphere was great inside, definitely worth returning!
4	Excellent food and service.  The cheese crisp is awesome. A simple cheese crisp but made on a tortilla that stays crispy.  The chimis are stuffed with so much meat.  Great little MeXican restaurant.  My daughter loves the sink in the girls restroom..a tin bucket.
4	Good solid mexican food.  Great Margaritas.  See photos...
5	Great food! We went with a group of people and we all ordered different things. Everything tasted great and was very fresh. Loved it and we will defiantly be back!
5	Best Margarita! And it's called happy margarita only $2.99. I'm a snob when it comes to my margaritas and I really enjoyed it! Also their award winnings beans were Delish they have like a smoked bacon taste to it :)
5	We had a hankering for Mexican on our first night in Mesa. We'd gotten up super early to fly in, gone straight to a ball game, the finally found our hotel and were ready to do some eating.Rosa's was the perfect choice. Service was way above par and our waiter came by like every 2 minutes to make sure we were doing okay.I ordered a shredded beef burrito and it was excellent. I wish their sauces had a little bit more of a kick to it, but that's all right.We ended with the sopapilla's (a closet favorite of mine) and they were superb. I could've eaten them all day.
4	First to respond to some of the other reviews and folks who reviewed on other sites regarding the locale.  Yes, it is in a strip mall.  Not a fancy strip mall but we didn't have any plans on eating in the parking lot.  I'm not sure why the issue of safety is raised as we didn't feel there were any safety concerns.  Inside is very clean and the atmosphere is casual.  Enough said about that.We felt from the menu offerings that there is a great west coast (of Mexico) influence.  There are many seafood options and also the offering of spanish rice contributed to our feeling of the "west".In terms of the salsa.  The green salsa is sweet but they bring that along side a red salsa that has a nice little kick to it.  Alternating between the two was surprisingly grand.  They so nicely complimented each other.The first time I try a new Mexican restaurant I always have the mole.  I figure if they do a good job on this complex sauce then they do a good job on everything.  I had the chicken enchiladas in mole sauce and it was great.  We didn't see just chicken mole on the menu, only this dish, but our waiter said no problem.  Great to know when we return.  My partner had a shrimp burrito with a pineapple salsa.  The burrito was filled with alot of good meaty shrimp and the taste was extremely good.  Prices are reasonable and the service was very courteous and efficient.  What more can I ask for?  We will be back.  As a side note, the menu on their website is quite abbreviated and I believe it does a disservice to the restaurant.  The actual menu is varied and offers many choices.
4	We Yelped Mexican near our downtown Mesa hotel and the list was as long as my arm, but Rosa's specifically said they had sopapillas and I wanted some sugary fried dough, so I was sold :) The spot is in an older shopping plaza.  Once inside you are greeted with cute brick walls and an old school Mexican casita look and feel.  We had a really attentive server who was on top of drinks, food and generally checking on us that we were happy.  I started with a few margs on the rocks - they rocked and the chips and salsas.  I personally preferred the red salsa over the sweet green, but the latter grew on me.  For an entree I selected the chicken mole enchiladas.  The enchiladas were rich and delicious. Everything was just a little different than usual and the was a welcome surprise!  And of course, I got my sopapillas for dessert and they were yummy fried goodness (they had flan and fried ice cream too if that floats your boat).  I am surprised we never went back during our stay, but were so on the go we just didn't make it in again, but I would go back if in Mesa in a second!
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant.  Best salsa, especially the green. Staff is very friendly. Don't let the storefront scare you away.  It is in a rundown strip mall but the food is great. The flying saucer is a favorite and the sweet pork taco salad bowl is another go-to entree.  Very reasonable prices for large portions.
2	There food has gone steadily down hill. Ate there several months ago, and it was good. Ate there a month ago, and just OK.Ate there last night and had a burro I couldn't even eat. I don't know how else to describe it, but the meat tasted "dirty" A bad flavor, and no spices to speak of. There chips are ok, but their salsa is really bland. Service is good, but there food is going south real fast. I would not recommend them. There was a current change in ownership, which i will blame on the tepid food.
2	Not impressed at all and a little disappointed. The red salsa not spicy or flavorful and the green one was sweet which I was not aware of until I took a huge bite , it took forever to get a waiter and the food not so good I make better tacos at home but, I did like the happy hour price of $2.99 for the margaritas
2	I was looking forward to trying a new Mexican place while working in the east valley, and the Yelp reviews seemed promising. But I have to say I'm disappointed. I ordered the chicken chimichanga platter. I really don't care for the seasoning of the chicken, or of the rice for that matter. The chimi tasted almost burned. The service was good, but the food was "meh". For my money, I'd much prefer to eat at Manuel's.
5	I've been here several times. It's great good, the alcohol is great too!
5	great service and atmosphere. reasonable prices solid portions and everything I put in my mouth was awesome. dig the tart margaritas. cheapest thing on the menu, the bean dip I think is the best I've ever had.
3	Last night we went to Rosa's due to the fact that we were near Mesa and to my surprise it was semi disappointing. We thought since it's a "hole in the wall" Mexican restaurant, it would be delicious, but the food was just sub-par.I ordered the two seafood tacos (shrimp and cod) with a generous side of black beans and Spanish rice. All in all, it satisfied my hunger, but it was much too sweet and kind of bland, due to a lack of salt. The food was also cold by the time it got to us. The best part was the chips and salsa and the black beans. We may come back, but so far it wasn't all that impressive.
3	Took my son and his buddy to Rosa's. The service was a bit slow but the food was great. The retried beans are the best I have had in a long time. And the salsa was spectacular. I had the pork tamale with enchilada sauce, it was ok.  My son got the rolled tacos and his buddy got the shrimp taco. They thought it was good.
1	$40 for two adults and one kid. Red salsa was sweet versus spicy. The chimi was dry. It was full of meat, would of been delicious if there would of been cheese and sour cream inside with the meat or at least all over the top outside.
4	Based my choice on a rating from Yelp -- great flavored food, friendly service, and reasonable prices. Highly recommend if you're nearby, and have a desire for Mexican food.
