4	i have never had cocktails this good. and the bartenders, mike and mark, made the experience even better by entertaining us with some fun conversation as they served up the drinks. what made the cocktails outstanding was the fresh fruit. they grinded down fresh raspberries, pears or grapes (depending on your order) to mix their signature cocktails, making some incredibly refreshing and delicious beverages (that were strong, too). if you can't decide between items on the drink menu, just tell them the type of flavors you prefer, and they'll whip a custom beverage to suit your tastes. i promise you will not be disappointed. in addition to the drinks, the food was also exceptional. we began with a complimentary chef "amuse bouche" that offered a fresh crab taste to prep your taste buds for the food adventure ahead. we ordered the tartare and the "burke box" appetizer sampler to quench our appetites and then finished with 3 desserts - the banana split, apple tart and cheesecake lollipops. i enjoyed every taste that donned my palette. even the breadsticks on the bar were good. the decor is sleek and modern, decorated with a sprinkling of some fun humpty dumpty sculptures. they have extra points for food presentation, often serving dishes on slabs of salt rock. overall, it was a ton of fun and my tummy left happy, which means i was happy too.
4	Situated in the Venetian across the way from the V Bar sits David Burke's place.  We went for a quick bite after a show so we did not order the full meals instead splitting a salad and a couple appetizers. From what we had I can say the place had a lot to offer. Unique flavors and blending of tastes. Choices of normal dining or the planned course choices got me excited for my next visit. :)
2	Bummer - I was so disappointed with this restaurant.  The reason it gets 2 stars is because the service was very good - other than that, not impressed.  With so many other choices in Vegas, I won't be going back to this restaurant.We started in the bar with a couple drinks and their breadsticks - these were fantastic and probably the best part of the meal!It wasn't that the food was awful, it just wasn't great for what I was expecting.  After reading about David Burke on the James Beard website, then seeing the menu - I thought this place was bound to be good.  Ahhh, but no, I was wrong -For Appetizers we had the Artichoke blossom - the leaves were raw and the heart was raw or close to it.  I had asked if it was intentional and I was told yes, it is better raw than cooked.  OK, fine maybe some people prefer their artichoke raw - but I prefer to be able to eat it.  The presentation was pretty, but taste, not so much.We also had their pretzel crab cake that was good, but not good enough to order again.The final appetizer was their shrimp.  Presentation was unique - it was brought out on a extremely hot rock and the shrimp was split onto two skewers.  The shrimp sat atop the rock where it had to cook.  So... it was brought out raw and you needed to wait for it to cook on the rock.  Fine, I have no problem with a different way of presenting food, if it works.  Our shrimp took FOREVER to cook and we were told to make sure it was opaque/white on the ends and if it didn't cook well or fast enough, to hold it down against the rock with my fork!  Excuse me - if you are going to do this - shouldn't the rock do all the work.  I didn't select a cook my own food restaurant for dinner.  Anyway - it was barely cooked by the time we did decide to eat it.Entree - with all the appetizers we opted on one entree and a side of their croquettes.  The entree was their salmon, next to the breadsticks it was the best part of the meal.  Cooked well and tasty.The croquettes (I believe they were gouda) - had no cheese flavor at all, very bland.  I don't think I even finished mine which is saying a lot when it comes to a fried cheesy thing.Dessert - passed - couldn't wait to get out of there.  After dinner I walked myself over to Delmonico's and asked for a reservation the next night.  They got us in and it was, as usual, an exceptional meal.Finally - look elsewhere - there are so many good places in Vegas, fine one of them.
4	Although dinner at David Burke is filled with flavor, the creative and ingenious presentations makes this restaurant special.  Our table of four was wowed again and again.We were 15 minute early for our 7 pm reservation, but the hostess was welcoming and seated us immediately.  In a stylish place where we might have expected to encounter some attitude, we received none any staff.  The decor of the place is eye-catching but not too distracting, and the center installation is awesome - it's something I would love in my house lol!  ok, I would need a big house first :)  But, a woman can dream, can't she?The service was attentive, but unusual.  We had two waiters who performed in tandem to serve us.  Since there were still times where neither was around, it didn't really lead to better service.  My husband and I disagree on the pacing with one thinking it was too fast and the other too slow, so maybe it was just right.I don't want to give too much away tho' I think my uploaded pictures might have - at least I didn't upload EVERY picture :)  The list of appetizers is appealing and fun!  We opted for two of the signature appetizers, the Angry Lobster and the pretzel-crusted crabcake. The lobster was delicious, though trickier to eat than I expected with the utensils given; even my Boston-born husband struggled a bit.  The crabcakes were delicious and different than what we might have expected from the name.  My girlfriend's boyfriend ordered oysters which looked plump and tasty, but I wasn't able to manage to steal one from him (OK he didn't offer LOL but who could blame him?!).For entrees, I had the special of the evening (Alaqskan salmon) - it was SLIGHTLY more cooked then I would like it so it wasn't perfect but tasty nonetheless. I also ordered a smoked gouda croquette on the side; contrary to the last review, neither my husband nor I had trouble discerning the smoked gouda flavor in the potato mousse within. I'm glad I ordered it because, in contrast with most of the entrees at our table, the portion of salmon was smaller than I expected.My husband had the lobster steak with curry fries and candy grapefruit.  The lobster steak was delicious, the mountain of super skinny fries was crispy, and the candied grapefruit provided a sweet and sour counterpoint to the dish.  My girlfriend ordered the DB take on Peking Duck; it looked appealing on the menu, but wasn't the kind of dish I would order since I am Chinese and have very high expectations/standards for Peking Duck. The dish is actually just duck in rice noodles but very flavorful; I would have liked the noodles a little less cooked but my girlfriend absolutely loved the dish.You HAVE to leave enough space for dessert!  Or, you could just do as we did, and make pigs of yourselves LOL!  Our table of four each ordered a dessert and one more to share for the table.  I had the white chocolate "faberge egg" with mango, and my girlfriend's boyfriend thought this was his favorite of all the desserts.  My girlfriend had the banana split with ostrich egg; this was nice, but it was pretty much a banana split, so I would have opted for the selection of ice cream and sorbets in mini-cones if I had this to do over (and was ordering for her hahahahaha).  Her boyfriend had five tastes from five states creme brulee.  The mini creme brulees came in shotglasses in what looked a little like a test tube rack.  He loves creme brulee and was very happy, but the waiter who presented this let us down here and wasn't able to clearly explain what the five states and five flavors were.  My husband had panna cotta with butterscotch, curry (!?!), and caramel, topped with meringue cigarettes.  The combinations of flavors were well matched and not contrived; it was popular at the table and my and my husband's favorite.And we had to have the signature dessert, the cheesecake lollipop tree with bubblegum whipped cream.  This sounds like something out of Alice in Wonderland, looked the part, and was great.  The dessert featured 3 different flavors of cheesecake bites: strawberry, dark chocolate, and heath bar.  The concierge at our hotel enthusiasticaly recommended this specific dessert, and it lived up to its advanced billing.  I hate whipped cream, but I loved this whipped cream, especially when I dipped the raspberry garnish into it.OK, so with a great dinner, why not five stars?  For me, the principal reason is that I ate at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon earlier this summer and it was a little better in every dimension.  The service was crisper (one waiter who knew EVERYTHING about every dish), the dishes were more consistently executed (every presentation and taste was spot on), and the atmosphere was more romantic (DB is loud, but if you're having a boisterous celebration you'll fit right in).  DB was great fun! Put yourselves in the hands of the Mad Culinary Genius, and you' ll never know what's around the next corner.  But it will taste delicious!
3	3.5Following the advice of my food-savvy friend, my boyfriend and I decided to check out David Burke's new restaurant, David Burke.  Clever name, I know.Our flight to Vegas didn't get in until 8:30, so I booked the latest reservation they could offer which was 10 o'clock.  I feel like: dude, this is Vegas.  Cant you serve till at least 11?!?  I was nervous that we would be a little late, so I called and asked if they would seat us if we were up to 15 minutes late.  The semi-rude girl on the phone explained to me that the last seating is at 10, and if I wanted I could call when en route to see if they might hold our reservation.  So, we (I) rushed and stressed about it...skipped waiting for a Hard Rock car to take us over and opted for a taxi as a quicker option...spedwalk/ran through the Venetian...just to arrive at an empty restaurant.  It totally would have been fine without all the rushing.  The decoration is modern, with a waterfall type sculpture in the middle of the restaurant, and Himalayan salt rock decor everywhere.  They also served butter on these pink blocks of Himalayan rock salt as well.We started off with the beef carpaccio which was very good, and HUGE!  Probably the best carpaccio I've had to date.  For our entrees, I opted for the "Burke in a Box", which is a combination of appetizers  created fresh daily, and my boyfriend ordered the filet.  His filet was really good, however slightly undercooked for his taste.  My box was very "Pf Chang-ish", which is why I'm giving 3.5 instead of 4.  Everything was fried...and it was all pretty forgettable.  It consisted of some hush puppies, these chicken egg roll things, a really bland arugula and goat cheese salad, two very large shrimp with some sort of sweet & sour dipping sauce, and karabuda pork corn dogs which were actually pretty tasty.  It was all too deep fried for my liking.All in all: this place has potential, but maybe needs more time to get their shit straightened out.  Be on time, because they are not lenient with that, and come before 9 if you don't want to dine alone.
3	I really wanted to like this restaurant, the prices themselves spelled THIS HAS TO BE DAMN GOOD!  But alas, while the service was excellent the food was mediocre at best.  We ordered the truffled french fries, which came out with this amazing smell.  They were quite delicious, but overly salted!!!  I ordered the roasted chicken dish for $28.  $28 for chicken better be damn good, well, it wasn't, it was dry and lacking much taste except for salt.  My husband ordered a filet mignon, which was cooked to perfection but lacking any real distinct flavors, it was a steak we could have gotten anywhere else.
5	My coworkers and I celebrated another successful convention with a dinner at David Burke.  I had heard mixed reviews about the place and was even a little skittish when we looked at the menu earlier in the week and saw the prices.  But my dinner party was not diappointed.Half our party showed up about 20 minutes before our reservation.  We checked in with the girls at the desk who informed us that they'd get started setting up our table.  They then seated us early which was really impressive as the place was packed!Everything about David Burke was top notch.  The service was excellent, the decor, the presentation of our meals.  Oh and the food was excellent.  We each started off with different appetizers.  I had the gazpacho that was served with avocado and crab.  It was perfect.  My dining companions had the tuna tartare (presented beautifully and got rave reviews), the crab cake (also rave reviews) and the oysters.For dinner, I had the grilled tuna which was lovely.  It was seared but rare and flavored just right.  My dining companions had the chicken, the steak, and the fish of the day which I believe was Dover Sole.  All again gave rave reviews and plates were cleaned.Then dessert.  I had the banana split which was one of the best.  Homemade ostrich egg ice cream (if you've never had ostrich egg ice cream, I highly recommend it.  It's even more creamy than regular ice cream), fudge sauce and candied pecans over a warmed, baked banana.  Absolute highlight of my meal.  The rest of my dining companions opted for the creme brulee.  They were five separate flavors each served in a shot glass.  All were eaten completey and I sure didn't hear any complaints!Of course, this isn't the kind of place you come every day.  It's expensive for sure.  But I felt that the quality of the food was on par and the service was fantastic.  I know some of the other reviews weren't quite as sweet on David Burke, but I highly recommend it as a great option for a fancy night out in Vegas.
4	The Venetian has such a wide variety of nice restaurants to choose from.  But since it was New Year's eve we were more limited in that we had to find a place that would seat 11 people and that didn't have a prix fixe menu.Although David Burke's menu was prix fixe that night, they did allow us to order a la carte so we decided to come here.  For our large group we had to get an early reservation at 6pm.  The total prix fixe meal was $165/person.  Their bread was really good.  It was a large peice of Hawaiian bread served in a little pan.  We were served by two waiters with matching mohawks.  Service was good but for the quality of restaurant I noticed that they were a little slow at clearing our plates and made a mistake with one of our orders.For appetizers we had two courses.  The first was a cheese dumpling with truffles.  The sauce was creamy and rich and complemented the doughy taste of the dumpling.  The second was scallops with foie gras and blueberry sauce.  The piece of foie gras was huge!  I thought the flavors together were good but the blueberry did overpower the foie gras a little bit.For the entrees, I shared the filet medium rare with lobster and curry fries and also the venison with black eyed peas.  The filet was a little overcooked but still moist and juicy.  It wasn't as flavorful as the venison though which was really good.  The lobster was yummy and delicious.The best part though was dessert.  I really liked the presentation of the cheesecake lollipops.  Also the bubblegum flavored whipped cream tasted really interesting.  The baked alaska which is a meringue outside with chocolate ice cream on the inside was also very good.Overall I thought the food and presentation were clever and unique.  The decor is very modern and trendy.  Definitely a place worth trying.  Too bad I got really drunk and ended up throwing up a very good and expensive meal.
4	I'm crazy about David...he took a break from what many consider "fine dining" to head up ops at Smith & Wollensky Group after wowing NYC at the Water Grill...  We met years ago when he began hawking his lollipop apps and cheesecakes. I've always been a big fan of his vision and his approach.  His sense of humor really shows in his presentations -- but his food always tastes great first... When he opened DB&D on the upper east side, I loved it -- a real jewelbox of a restaurant --or should I say - Faberge egg -- (he's nuts about eggs!)I went with 2 friends to DB shortly after opening here and we had a blast.   We made a meal out of appetizers -- the bento box of his signature apps (Burke in a box), a pretzel crusted crabcake, the tuna tartare -- and my favorite -- a scrambled ostrich egg with lobster and caviar served up in the ostrich shell (Lobster Scramble Ostrich Style) -- um $42 for an appetizer and it was worth every penny -- so rich, so indulgent -- and even with all 3 of us digging in,  we couldn't finish it!  I could have cried!   Plus, we had hoped to also order the Angry Lobster Cocktail but had to pass it up -- just too full!Ok -- part of the reason is that we all couldn't get enough of the spectacular bread he serves up hot from the oven in tiny soup pots  Heavenly and worth every bite!Service was great , prompt, friendly and informative -- completely happy to acommodate our desire to pass on entrees.  We each ordered different signature cocktails -- I personally loved their pear martini -- it was well balanced and icy cold. The chef sent over their Cheesecake Lollipop tree for us -- as a surprise.  Fun desserts are so smart!  They put such a smile on your face and, if the restaurant's really wowed me, I've already figured out what friend I can't wait to bring back on my next visit (and what I can't wait to try!)DBurke decor is stunning -- the bathrooms are gorgeous!  (sorry, I've got to remember to take my camera with me!)
4	A pleasant surprise - read several mixed reviews of DB and it's neighbor aquaknox - gave SO the option last nite - which one for dinner ?  she liked the decor of DB ( strong red color ... egg figurines throughout ...never did ask about the humpty dumpty's !! )restaurant less than 1/2 full - no surprise - tuesday ...off season ... seated next to a "fountain " ...basically a shower of water coming down from the ceiling into a pool that has glass,   blood - red phallic thingy's decided to share the "burke box "  appetizer, SO ordered the red snapper a side of spinach; i went with veal and the potato croquettes..the amuse - white aspargus soup w/ black truffle oil ...ok ..maybe a little too creamy .  they also bring this ellaborate "parker roll "" kinda like a pretzel yorkshire pudding ...well it looked that way ...it was ... a roll  then they give a fancy-shmancy presentation for the ...butter ...okthe appetizer box - lamb chops, carrot parait/mousse, smoked salmon on a potato croquet, green bean curry ...gee..something else i'm forgettin' ...overall - not bad ( $38)  - smoke salmon ...serve it solo - the potato was too much, SO loved the curried green beansthe red snapper - braised, served w/ black truffle and leeks ...very good ...the leeks provided a creaminess to the dish ...i was surprised at how good this was ( $38 ...i think ) .  her side order of spinach ( $9 ) - good.the veal chop, creamy/cheesy polenta and greens ( $42)   - the veal ...very tender ...nice, very nice ...SO loved my polenta ...the potato croquettes  w/ gouda cheese ...dull very dull ( $9 )For drinks - had a couple foo-foo drinks - blood orange mojito ( $12 ) refreshing ...i liked it.  cherry lemonade ( alcohol  - vodka )  i think $12 ...ok ... had a glass of shiraz ...ok ...we were too full for dessert ...total bill $185 ...they actually screwed up ...didn't charge for the mojito ...being the righteous guy i am - let them know about itthey did give us a little  cotton candy snack instead of some petit fours ...give me the petit's probably should be 3.5 stars but i read/heard so many negative comments about the place, i think they deserve a little better then what they are gettin'
4	You will feel like Alice (or Alex) in David Burke's Wonderland.  Everything including the environment, the service, the food presentations, and the tastes are whimsical and imaginative with such incredible attention to the diner's experience.  Most importantly it is so much fun!  I tried and was charmed by starters and dessert only (this was an unexpected stop off before a reservation at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon).  I had the Scallops Benedict, the Pretzel Crusted Crabcake, and the Crisp and Angry Lobster Cocktail.  It was all so good, so interestingly presented, and we were cheered on by all of the wait staff to dig in and get our hands dirty (literally with the Lobster that was served on a bead of nails).  Every bit from the amuse (a tasty and refreshing English pea soup with a chanterelle fritter) to the individual popover with butter and Himalayan rock salt (both on the butter and the butter presented on top the salt base) feels distinctive and joyful.   The special chocolate turtle egg dessert was a great alternative to the lollipop tree (a suggestion by the staff after hearing of my friend's allergies to tree nuts).  And to end the evening, I personally will take bubblegum cotton candy over the usual petit fours as a stand apart touch any day.  It is clear that David Burke believes at least six impossible things before breakfast...and then makes them come true.
5	My husband and I went there for dinner. It was great!To start they amused my bouche ;) with a yummy mushroom thing and pea soup. We ordered two appetizers the crazy lobster thing which was messy but they brought out wet towels to clean our fingers and fresh napkins.The other appetizer we ordered was the scallops. Two potato pancakes topped with scallop, thinly sliced chirizo, perfectly cooked quails egg topped off with a lobster foam...It was delicious.My husband ordered the rack of lamb and he ate every bit of it. I ordered the halibut. Very large portion of fish and it came with these amazing lobster dumplings. For dessert we had the cheesecake lollipop tree. It did come with the bubblegum whip cream. Oddly enough the whip cream brings out the flavors of the cheesecake. The waiter told us that they are the only thing that is not made in house. They are hand-made in France, individually wrapped, and shipped to them. Well worth the hassle.So honestly the coolest thing is they bring out cotton candy with your check! I asked them for a box so I could walk with it. It was delicious.
5	Overall a great dining experience.
4	I need to give this place 4 stars although my dinner was GREAT, my friends entrees were not very good. Appetizer was a pretzel crusted crab cake, was good and my entree of tuna was good but very small -like 3 slices of a tuna roll at a japanese place-but very tasty. I wish there was another piece so I could have shared with the table some more as there were 5 of us all there. We passed on dessert but they did bring out a cute cotton ball looking cotton candy display, strawberry flavored. Service was great, nice wine list, would go again.
3	hmmm....this was our biggest Las Vegas disappointment and probably the meal we were looking forward to the most.  We have eaten at David Burke and Donatella in NYC and love David Burke's Primehouse in Chicago so we had high expectations.  My husband had the lobster steak which was very good but my short ribs were not good at all.  I thought the service was just OK...i asked for another drink and it never came and then ordered a tea after dinner which never came as well.  the cheesecake lollipops are a must though and the cotton candy was a nice touch.
4	The gazpacho. Wow. A timbal of avocado and peeky toe crab is placed in the soup platter. A creamy yellow concoction is poured on one side. A creamy red concoction is poured on the other for contrast. It is beautiful and delicious.Get the crab cake. I'm just saying. Little if any filler. You won't be sorry.My SO got the Lobster Steak. I wasn't crazy about the texture, but the sauce was perfect. She loved the Lobster steak - but if you have texture issue, be careful.My chicken was perfect.And what can I say about the Cheesecake Lollipops? You must get this.
5	When you want a great dinner in Vegas, you are thinking three things: 1. Food. 2. Service. 3. Surprise. David Burke does all three, and does them oh so well.Let's talk #1: food. Greeted with a surprise from the chef: a taste of delicious shrimp. How about the obligatory bread and butter? Oh, sure, but you get some out of this world doughy goodness, with a huge helping of buttery ecstasy, served an a warm translucent stone. Yeah! Started off with an amazing Day Boat Scallops Benedict: every bite an explosion of delicate flavor. Main courses we had were the most tender and flavorful short ribs that were absolutely huge portions but looked so delicate, and lamb chops that were brimming with flavor.  Finally, we sealed the meal with 5 different sorbets, each served in its own mini-cone. #2: Service. WOW. They work as a team, and each one gives you the impression that he/she is only there for you. We got a lesson on a the best tasting rooms in Paso Robles with the wine order, a history of the man who's name graces the front with our dinner order, and unending happy and relaxed attention throughout the meal.#3: Surprise. How about gourmet cotton candy served at the end of the meal, just as another fun and tasty treat? And the decor was whimsical with constant Humpty Dumpty expressions in sculpture and art. Nice touch on bringing over a magazine about the chef when I expressed interest, as well.If you're staying in Vegas, hit OpenTable now and get yourself a seat. You will LOVE it.
4	I liked the atmosphere here, but be aware it is trendy and not necessarily a "quiet date" place. The food was overall very good - the pretzel coated crab cake was absolutely phenomenal. However, my braised beef rib on risotto was very sub par. The beef had a heavy coating of a sweet and heavy sauce that didn't taste great and the risotto was not fully cooked. The presentation was boring on that particular dish.So forgo the braised beef rib and any risotto and I think you'll be pleased. The service was good, but double check your bill - they put two bottles of wine on our bill when we only had one. Although this seemed to be a common occurrence our entire stay in Vegas.
3	I went to dinner at David Burke with expectations of a different, innovative experience.  When it comes to the food, it was excellent and delicious.  Some of the combinations were a revelation to me--one in particular was a dessert: basil ice cream served with several different fruits.  I had one of the signature appetizers, the scallops "Benedict," but I felt the scallops were the weakest part of the dish (a bit dry, a bit overcooked)--the fried quail egg, chorizo slice, and potato cake were well done.  The lobster foam didn't do much for me, but the dish overall was good.There are two things that brought my rating of this place down--the service and the atmosphere.  Our main waiter was friendly enough, but he was a bit aloof and took too much of a hands-off approach with us.  What seemed like huge pockets of time passed in between courses--he disappeared often and we were often kept waiting.  In general, the larger parties (6+) seemed to be getting much more attention than the several parties of 2 that were dining that night.  Our other servers seemed to do a better job with us.As for the atmosphere, I'd read that David Burke was tired of fine dining and wanted to move away from it.  That's fine and good, considering the "egg-themed" decor and the whimsical use of color and shape in the art pieces, not to mention the restaurant's location right across from the V Bar with the heavy bass thumping and cranked up to the max.  But I think  the latter completely detracted from the dining experience.  The server who brought each course to us would explain the ingredients and the preparation of each course, but we were never able to hear him over the loud music and thumping.For $100/person, I would expect a less confused, much more consistent dining experience.  The food is absolutely great, but on a Friday night in Vegas, even with the economy being the way it is, this place should have been packed.  (We walked by other restaurants afterwards, such as Delmonico Steakhouse, just two doors down, and Michael Mina in the Bellagio--packed, packed, packed houses of people willing to spend a good amount of money on food.)  Trying to make this place young and hip is one thing, but all aspects have to be on par and up to the same high standards as the food if it's going to stick around and if I'm going to consider ever coming back to eat here.
4	Cool and trendy atmosphere but still very upscale. I am not sure if we just got a bad bartender but their specialty cocktails sucked. For dinner I had the $110 dollar main lobster entree which was perfect and my girlfriend got the lamb bone-in fliet which was very tasty but not cooked how she ordered which was a flaw. We had the lobster scramble topped with creme fresh and caviar to start and that blew both of our socks off. I give it 4 stars because I can tell it's potential and it I think it may have been a fluke with the drinks and the slightly over cooked filet. Although that should never happen!
3	The pictures on the website looked really cool and trendy so thought we would try something new.  Unfortunately we were seated at the front of the restaurant with a view of the pedestrians walking from the Palazzo to the Venetian. Anyways, I had the Angry lobster appetizer which was very interesting, and served on a bed of nails literally.  All the food is very artistically served.  I had the Halibut which was fabulous and the service was very good. I take away at least 1 star because the waiter insisted that my wife try some fruity orange cocktail and said that if she did not like it she didn't have to pay.  My wife typically doesn't drink too much or some times not at all, so I didn't like him encouraging her to drink when she wasn't already.  She obliged and tried  the cocktail and didn't like it, and the waiter was surprised.  She ended up ordering a dirty Martini instead which she does like, but I think it is was rude for the waiter to try and get people to drink.  I supposed she could have said No thanks. Probably won't be back as there are too many good restaurants in Vegas.
4	The restaurant has a strikingly bold red color scheme, yet it somehow manages to remain warm and intimate. I went here for a friend's birthday and the twelve of us were seated next to the Chihuly-esque water feature.  I liked how the tables were elliptical, which facilitated conversation amongst a large party better than a long rectangular one would. The meal started off somewhat disappointingly, as one of the Oysters on my platter was absolutely foul; I almost gagged.  I brought this up with the waitress and although she offered me another one, I didn't want to take that risk. For my entree I ordered the Braised Beef Short Ribs with house made cavatelli, mushroom chips, and truffle mousse, and it was absolutely amazing! I have never had beef so tender and it practically melted in my mouth; I would chose this dish over a fillet mignon any day. For dessert I tried the "Fruit Sashimi" which was paired with Basil Ice cream. It was a risk they took that went terribly wrong. The fruit and the Ice cream were good by themselves, but were a disaster when eaten together. My friends ordered the Cheesecake lollipop tree, which looked fun and whimsical, but I was too full at that point to try any. However, I did try the accompanying Bubble Gum whipped cream, which brought me right back to my childhood.Oh, and I did find the Egg theme of the restaurant to be rather amusing.
5	I'll start with the only downside of our meal: we were in a bit of a rush to get to the club, so instead of waiting 30 minutes we decided to sit in the bar area (still had full menu). Overall it was still enjoyable in that area but I don't think it looked as fancy. Not a bad choice though as the service was still very good and we loved the meal.Not knowing what to expect, we came in hoping for a good meal and we got it. Started off with two glasses of white wine, as we were both in the mood for some fish. An appetizer of Scallops benedict was a bit small, but DELICIOUS! It was just a tad salty but overall the taste was great. We knew then it would be a good night. The bread came and it was made very well - they cook them individually like little muffins, and the fluffiness was very good for restaurant bread. One thing made me quite happy- the chef gave us some small little espresso cups of tomato soup that were quite good. The servers were so polite and enjoyable it also made the meal great (e.g. bringing your one fork in a dish, so it's more presentable). I ordered the Ahi Tuna dish and the lady ordered some Salmon. Both of them came in perfect state - so tender that I haven't really had any fish better than this in a long long time. The Ahi Tuna was served perfectly seared with a nice crispy exterior that set it off from the fish perfectly. The rice and veggies below were a good contrast to the strong flavor of the sauces. The Salmon was excellent as well, served at a medium temperature with a crisp skin. Delicious! Thinking about it makes me want to eat again.Dessert was some sort of angel cake with blueberries and some sorbet. It was good, but not as memorable as the rest of the meal.Overall, I was very impressed and will try here again. And in retrospect, the meal really wasn't *That* expensive. This restaurant is so good that it's actually earned my SECOND EVER 5-star rating. Amazing :)
4	A solid 4 stars.Not the absolutely perfect upscaley place, but a lot of good things going on here, such as:1. Professional-esque waiters.    Crisp and smart service without too much pretentious flair, and without either the 'tude and generally subpar disinterested service you get in L.A. (sorry, actors, i do feel your pain!), or the over-the-top bubbly banter and bleached-out (as in impossibly blinding-white teeth) mugging you get, once again--you guessed it--in L.A.2.  Excellent, Concise, Varied MenuJust like Goldilocks and the Three Bears, this menu size is JUST right. Not too much choice (b/c what place could possibly do ALL the food right on an overly huge menu???), but not too sparse either. AND, a great mix of seafood and meat dishes. Extra added bonus are some nice sides including several veggie sides.3. Classy Semi-Funky, and 'Comfy' Ambience--  while i tend to like places that have slightly more dim/sultry lighting, it's still not TOO bright in here, and it's definitely a good mix of lively and relaxing. It genuinely feels like a place where people are having a good time, not an exclusive/trendomatic place where trendomatron people leer and snoot and pose and generally look unhappy and constipated as they scan the room people watching and watching to see if people are watching them (do ya get what i mean?) 4. Food. Oh yes the food.   Here's my rundown on the (after all) most important part of any dining establishment. duh. the food.   Appetizers---       Corn and Lobster soup--silky and delicious--4.5 stars      Crab 'Cakes' --more accurate description is an encrusted Crab Slab (in                                 shape and consistency) probably the weakest of the                                  dishes I had. Crab a bit bland and dry. 3 stars   Entrees         Grilled Halibut with Lobster Dumplings and Spinach--excellent flavor                            although i would have liked the Halibut slightly less                            cooked. 4 stars         Lobster--I was surprised by the size of the lobster, it looked to be at least 1.5 lbs, maybe even closer to 2 lbs. I'm spoiled growing up in new england, i guess outside of that area, i am accustomed to seeing 1 lb 'chicken' lobsters. And it tasted pretty darn good as well. 4 stars          Dessert--I must confess, I was so stuffed at this point (i was shoveled pieces of about 5 other people's dishes), I had to forgo the dessert, instead settling for a glass of Port.The place t'aint cheap, and prices are in the $25-$50 range (or more) per entree. Such is Vega$ in 2008. It's at least assuring that you get what you pay for, which can't be said for many other Sin City celebrity chef-titled hot spots and/or those places that have the ridiculously tacky over the top one syllable names that make me chuckle--which are all in the same price range.Done.
4	The bar area was a bit cramped, as the tables were placed back to back with very limited area for movement.  We had made a reservation for dinner, and even though the restaurant wasn't crowded (i.e. many available tables), we still have to wait 10-15 minutes for our table to be "ready".  Despite that, everything subsequent was delightful.The host(s) and server were personable.  I enjoy meals more so when the server takes the time to explain the menu, while giving his/her opinion.  We ordered the pretzel crusted crabcake for an appetizer, which was delicious.  The outer pretzel crust wasn't salty like a typical pretzel, but it added more of a texture, rather than flavor.  For my meal, I enjoyed the filet mignon, which was cooked perfectly, just as I had ordered.  It was like cutting butter...smooooooth.  I died.
4	We never heard about this place, but visiting their website and seeing 4 stars on Yelp, we decided to give this place a try.  We made reservations on Open Table for an early dinner at 6 PM.  Not many people were there when we first got there, but when 7 PM came around, it started filling up.  I loved the interior of this place!  It had lush red velvet benches near the water fountain in the center of the room.  Very romantic feeling.  The dining chairs were nice contemporary looking with lots of mirrors on the walls making the area look larger.  It reminded me of a "Z Gallerie" look.  Service was very friendly.  They brought out a complimentary starter from the chef which was tuna fish on a small thin piece of crouton.  It was tasty.  I ordered a French Martini for starter.  For appetizers, we ordered the fresh oysters and their Crispy & Angry Lobster Cocktail.  Of course, we thought it was cold lobster cocktail, but it turns out being a hot dish with half a lobster in a chili sauce.  We pretty much had to work for our food!  We had to use seafood picks to remove the meat and the sauce was pretty spicy.  It looked like it was cooked in chili oil, but the flavor on the meat was good.  Lobster was still tender and not overcooked.  At least, they provided wet cloths to wipe our hands with.  Instead of a basket of bread, they brought out individual brioches presented in a measuring cup.  That was cute presentation, I thought.  It was light and fluffy.  I liked how it wasn't over fulfilling like most breads.  Butter was presented on a pink chunk of rock salt.  If you look at the kitchen, they have tons of these pink rock salts stacked up.For dinner, I tried their roasted halibut, which came with two mini lobster dumplings, spinach, lobster bordelaise and tomato.  The portion of the halibut was bigger than I expected that I could not finish my dish.  My hubby had the filet mignon which was also pretty big.  It was cooked medium rare and tasted excellent.  The lobster dumplings that came with my dish reminded me of shumai that I didn't care too much for.  Since all the food was good, we had to try their dessert.  We ordered the "Egg" chocolate, which was an egg shaped chocolate shell with cookies and cream ice cream, chocolate mousse, and chocolate chips.  It was cute looking.  We asked our server why there were eggs everywhere, since there were Humpty Dumpty sculptures around the restaurant.  It turns out David Burke's fave ingredient was egg since it has a lot of protein.  That was quite interesting!  At the end, they brought out complimentary pink cotton candy.  I haven't had cotton candy for ages as I'm not a fan of it, but it added a nice touch to the end of our great dining experience.Our server was shocked at how much we ate.  I guess we were just hungry.  But I do recommend for two people, just order 1 appetizer.  2 appetizer and a main dish is fulfilling.  We didn't expect the food portion to be quite that big so we were full at the end.  At the end, we were happy that we dined there as we had an unsatisfactory dinner the night before at Nobu.
2	The food and service was what one would expect from a high end restaurant in Las Vegas. Very detail oriented. Noticeable thought put into the presentation of the dishes. My buddy ordered the special rib eye that wasn't on the menu (that cost like $58 bucks) and I got the beef ribs with lobster and corn risotto. Both were very good. We went on a Sunday night so it wasn't out of control busy. Would be nice to see if service levels are the same if it was crazy busy.-----Revised 12.26.08So, I got to see what service levels are like when it's crazy busy. I will not return. I will not recommend. I will never speak David Burke's name again. Here's why:1. They tag teamed the waiting staff so we had two waiters. The first guy looked like and sounded like he should work at the restaurant. The second guy looked and sounded like he should work at Applebee's. Very inconsistent in all ways--surpisingly, the well-spoken guy fucked up and missed all the details while the Applebees guy caught all the details, just didn't speak in a manner one would assume at a restaurant like this.2. Guy bringing food stuck his hand in the bread butter, wiped his hand off, left, and didn't bring new butter. Where did he think the butter on his hand came from? 3. Well spoken guy went to refill my girlfriend's water glass and then forgot to. Applebees guy noticed it wasn't there and got her a new one ten minutes later.4. Waited 20 minutes for them to clear entrees after we were finished and offer desert. 20 minutes in Vegas is a lifetime.5. Waited additional 10 minutes for them to get the bill once entrees were cleared. Seriously?Go on a slow night. If you walk by, and there's five people in the restaurant, that's the best time to go. This serving staff falls apart once it gets busy. The food is amazing, don't get me wrong. But I can pay $200 for a meal anywhere on the strip. Service is everything, and this place just doesn't have it.
2	I don't know who this David Burke fellow is...with his creepy egg fetishes and not sure if I would even care if I did, but for Christmas night, my group picked this high-end restaurant to kick off the holiday festivities Vegas-style.  It's classy, modern, and oh yes, very much expensive.  And to even have the balls to name a restaurant after yourself, it has to be good right?Well if you love salt, this place is for you.  Seriously, almost all the steaks we ordered came out way too salty to the point they're barely edible.  One order had to be returned as it was just way too much.  We downed water like crazy.  Most of us ordered the steaks medium rare, only to find them all come out medium well.  Where's the quality control?  Unacceptable for such a high-end restaurant.  Perhaps it was Xmas and the real cooks were off duty?  Aside from that and the saltiness issue, food was alright.  Nothing really mindblowing.The dessert, on the other hand was really good.  The "egg"stream dessert was very decadent and delicious.  Probably the best thing I've tried there.  DB categorizes itself as a modern American cuisine restaurant - I find it more fitting calling it simply Fusion due to the hint of Asianness here and there.  Look at the decor - nothing screams American at all.  Even if you order steak, it comes with some variation of dumplings, sticky rice, or baby bok choy...Service was top-notch as to be expected for a upscale restaurant like this.  Our waiter gave us the utmost attention and was always cordial.  And boy do they refill the water fast.  Waiters literally slide ride in as you finish drinking.  I don't mind spending $40-70 on on an entree at some fancy pantsy restaurant, but I do expect the freshest ingredients and careful attention to food quality and taste, and that is, disappointingly, something David Burke missed the spot on, outside the impressive attention to visual details.   I don't think I would ever consider eating here not because the food is bad or anything, but I was expecting a lot more from this place at the prices we paid.  We should have headed to Bellagio Buffet as originally planned... damn weather.
3	Brought my brother, who was new to the culinary industry here for his 21st birthday, I found this place on Open Table, figured I'd give it a whirl. What the hell is up with Chef Burke's infatuation with eggs? His website showcases it, his menu utilizes eggs in strange ways, etc. First off, I was not impressed. Maybe it was because of the massive, nasty, vile hangover I had from the previous night of drinking $1 Michelob's at the Casino Royale. Anyway, I consider myself a Culinary professional, having worked in a 3-star restaurant and a 4-Diamond spot for 4 years. The menu looked to me as if they were trying oh so hard, to be creative, but fell short of the line of "awesomeness" . I started with the Pretzel Crusted Crab Cake, evidently a signature dish at everyone of Chef Burke's restaurants. It was skinny pretzel sticks tied around a rectangle crab cake with a chive. Served with some sort of mustard emulsion and I believe mango puree. It was cool, but didn't  POP!. I was expecting pretzel crumbs coating the crab cake it was slightly cumbersome to eat with those sticks wrapped around it. Entrees were again mediocre. Nothing special. Portions were a touch on the small side, even for fine dining. The highlight of the evening was the $6 side of Creamed Corn. It was good. Desserts were a lame duck. 4 different Creme Brulees that the server couldn't remember what they were and had to come back to table to inform us. Being that there is SO many options in Vegas, I'd stay clear of this one. No offense to Chef Burke...
2	David Burke took forever to deliver the food, and when it arrived, it was cold.  Additionally, the appetizer I had was decent (crab cakes), but the salad was so so.
4	Truffle fries, Angry Lobster, Sea Bass with foie gras and an after-dinner surprise make David Burke a great place to spend a classy, delectable Vegas evening. We were seated promptly, in the somewhat dark , though candlelit, restaurant and given just the right amount of time to look over the menu before the somlier took our wine order. Only complaint about the space was the close proximity of two-tops to one another and the din. Price points were a little high on the wine list, but that's expected in Vegas. Still a good number of selections in the $30-$40 range. We began with the Angry Lobster cocktail. You just HAVE to try it. It's not quite a whole lobster, but quite possibly a half, still in shell, grilled to perfection with a noticeable kick of spice. I could have doubled the order and walked away content. For dinner I chose the sea bass topped with foie gras- a large, rich, silky piece. The sea bass was cooked well- not chewy but meaty and tender. On the side we shared truffle fries which were orgasmic. Crispy outside, soft and warm inside, not greasy at all. Covered with parmigiana and white truffle. WOWOWWOWOW. I could go for an order anytime. We were too full for desert but concluded with little tufts of cotton candy brought to all diners. A whimsical touch. The service was strong throughout, though I felt a bit rushed towards the end of our meal (somlier stopped refilling our glasses, waiter was hovering). It was a very busy Saturday night. A wonderful experience in total- we will likely return!
3	Asking a waiter at another restaurant at the Venetian for a fun and different place to dine for dinner, he recommended this place. Its a loud, high energy restaurant.  The waiters are always running somewhere, but, at the same time, seem very attentive .   We were offered an amuse bouche of cauliflower soup with marcona almonds and basil oil.  The soup served in an espresso cup was tasty and gave us a hint of David Burke's style.  Each flavor comes out strongly, then melts together as you swallow.  For an appetizer, I had the pretzel encrusted crab cake.  It was nice but didn't wow me.  My main course was John Dory, again nice but nothing special.David Burke's creativity comes out is in the desserts.  We had the peanut butter Bomb.  A flavorful peanut butter ice cream with chocolate swirls and a banana and passion fruit sauce, which had the strongest banana flavor that I have ever tasted.  Again, each bite included strong flavors of banana, peanut butter and chocolate that slowly melted together.  A nice way to end the meal.All in all, a nice place, decent food, energetic decor and service.  If you want a hip place you will enjoy this place.  My tastes lean toward less creative dishes and a more relaxing environment so this place was nice but not calling me back on my next visit to Las Vegas.
1	Food was ok, but extremely expensive. Service was awful and our waiter was extremely rude. He insulted my dinner companion for ordering the chicken. With so many great places in the Venetian, this is one to skip.
4	Warning: This is one of my lengthiest reviews lol!David Burke.. hmm, I want to say I'm a fan with a little more meaning behind it. However the service and some of the menu staples it's continues to offer leave me less enthusiastic then I could be. Came here on NYE after waiting until that day to go on open table to see what was available. Having dined at the NYC location and wanting a redo, we chose to come here. I'm for the most part, glad we did. The restaurant itself is considered "high end" however, it's not stuffy and I would actually go so far as to call it whimsical in it's decor. Lot's of egg art everywhere, a fountain operating from the ceiling serves as the room centerpiece and falls onto what I think is red glass grass. It's cute! The welcoming staff is very friendly and got us off to a great start. Our server however was either very friendly or annoyed and rushed. Considering the restaurant wasn't completely full, he really should have been a bit more attentive and had a better attitude. I'm sure working on NYE sucks and when your 20% gratuity is included maybe you figure "WTF, I'm going to get paid regardless" but if you don't like what you do, then maybe it's time to I dunno.. go deal cards or whatever else you can do in Vegas. The Food:We started off with an amuse bouche of butternut squash soup. When the waiter put it down I thought "oh great, i hate squash" but I tried it anyway, and surprise it was very tasty! Rich, creamy, sweet and all that good stuff. Bread followed. I love their bread, it's very *comfort food* and yummy.Chestnut Soup: Ok, when I had this I wasn't wowed, but now I kinda want it again lol. I guess it was just "different" and I was taken aback too much to love it. It was creamy and sweet.. which seems a theme here. It kinda had an ice cream background type flavor to it. I'd get it again.Pretzel Crab Cake: I've had this before in NYC and my dinner date got this. He said he enjoyed it. I guess I did too, but I don't get why they keep it on the menu and so many people order it and rave about it. It's good, but not amazing. And it also had what I consider a theme-y sweet taste to it.Truffle Fries: my daughter was to have these as her appetizer, but they never came. Even tho we specifically said "she'd like those as her appetizer" they thought we wanted them with our dinner. Not cool :/ They brought them.. late, and then somehow the kitchen still thought we had the dinner order coming, so we ended up with two orders. They're uuuum pretty much fantastic so I wasn't complaining about having extras lol! Dinner? Ok, so the waiter read off the specials and the whole Maine lobster, done lazy style and served on top of truffle garlic mashed potatoes sounded great so we ordered this. What the waiter failed to mention was they were 3lbs a piece! Both my friend and I are not big people lol.. obviously with what we'd already eaten there was no way we could ever eat that much lobster. We could have easily split one special and been satisfied. I barely ate half of mine.. probably closer to a quarter. It was such a waste of food and at about $135.00 a piece a waste of money, I felt bad. The special BTW was fantastic.. the lobster was delicious and the potatoes were very flavorful and tasty. It was a simple, but well done dish. It came with a mass amount of butter tho.. check the pics lol!My daughter had grilled salmon, which she finished and enjoyed lots. She said "it's not fishy and it tastes really clean" .. that's the word on that :)We skipped dessert because obviously we had already had more then we could finish. I've has their trademark cheesecake lollipop tree at the other location and it was eh, ok.. another thing I don't see the big deal about.Cocktails: Hibiscus Royale.. so yummy! It was a mix of champagne, and some sweet stuff.. duh, that's a "royale" lol and on the bottom there was an edible hibiscus flower. i didn't eat the flower, but my friend said it tasted like a fruit role up. All in all, it was a very good, not great experience. The food was for the most part excellent, the service could be better, and the setting is upscale yet fun.
4	ALTHOUGH I PAID $70 FOR A NEW YORK STRIP STEAK, IT WAS SOOOOOO WORTH IT...Talk about the best steak I have ever had in my life!  I practically stumbled into this place!  (Seriously, I was in Vegas drunk, so you know I was stumbling!)  When we got in here, it felt REALLY fancy but they treated you like normal people!  They brought a small cup of soup and it was REALLY good!  I ordered the New York Strip Steak and it was HUGE!  It was the size of my head (or just felt like it was)!  This steak was cooked to perfection with friend onions laid atop of creamed spinach and just melted in my mouth!  Since that day, I have never had a better steak...EVER!Although it's WAY pricey, it's worth it if you want to taste the best tasting all American cuisine!  Trust this refromed fat guy!  I would never steer you wrong!
4	I loved the decor, very hip, and the presentation of the food was gorgeous.  The food was pretty good, not mind-blowing, but inventive and fresh.  I really liked the looks of the menu.  It offers a lot of diversity and good salad options which you rarely see in Vegas.  I would say it is slightly over-priced, but not so much you feel totally used afterwards.  The bartender was excellent, made every drink for our party exactly as they ordered it.  He made me a Hot Toddy for my sore throat.  I was a very happy girl.  This place is a good place for groups and the service was really on spot.
3	What a weird experience.  The food was just alright, the server was a little strange, and we were sitting right by the fountain in the middle of the restaurant that kept "misting" on us.  How annoying.On the plus side, they surprised us with a free dessert (and we hadn't complained about anything...it just appeared out of the blue.  I've since been back for drinks at the bar, and that experience was fine.  If I was with someone who REALLY wanted to go here, then I'd go back, but otherwise I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	It has been a while since I've eaten here, so things may have changed, but  I had an excellent experience at David Burke's.I get out to Las Vegas on business a couple of times a year and am left to my own devices, as far as dining is concerned,  so I like to try as many different styles of restaurants as possible, David Burke's is by far one of the most unique restaurants I have ever gone to.The decor is all black and red and the lighting is somewhat dim, the waterfall cascading out of the ceiling in the middle of the room is somewhat visually startling, but definitely adds to the "cool" factor of the dining room.The menu is probably best described as "whimsical" with everything from multi-course tasting menus to bento boxes to Angry Lobster Served on a Bed of Nails (no joke, this bad boy is served on a bed of nails.) I ultimately went with the 6 course Chef's tasting menu and was off to the races. Presentation is definitely top shelf at David Burke's, the amous bouche was cradled in a standard soup spoon, the bread cleverly baked in a measuring cup, cheese and accouchements served on paint wheel, a delicate slice of Kobe beef delivered with a sizzling hot rock for you to cook it upon and a trio of salts for seasoning, the delicate halibut served in a satellite sized bowl and the desert parfait served in a shot glass displaying all of the vibrant colors.It was a whirlwind of a meal, the ever attentive sommelier always at the ready with a fresh pour and dutiful explanation of what was about to be imbibed, with that being said I would heartily suggest you make friends with the sommelier. It may have been that I was there on slow nite or that I'm just  a stellar conversationalist, but after discussing my preference for red wines and the meal being ladened with white wines, he came out at the end of the meal with 3 amazing reds that we devoured and discussed. It's also important to note that I count the halibut dish, which was the bell of this particular ball, among the absolute best fish dishes I have ever tucked into.When all was said and done the experience of this dinner was one that has thus far not been replicated,
5	This place totally made Jana's 5-Star Las Vegas hitlist DESPITE of the following events:1. They served me Bushmills instead of Jameson. (Let me finish.)2. The fact that one of our fifteen servers was a real ass. As you may have guessed, I strongly suspect this dolt had something to do with the Bushmills at our table. Also, Dan could not get order a proper Guinness to save his life. The "real ass" didn't know the difference between a Guinness Stout and a Guinness Draught, which Dan is a stickler about. HE DOES NOT WANT STOUT. He wants Draught. If you only have stout, he doesn't want it and he would rather have some water instead. Really, what is so fucking hard to understand about this? By the time the "real ass" left our table (after a lengthy discussion of the difference between the two, dominated by Dan,) Dan had somehow ordered a Stella Artois. How the hell does this happen? I'll tell you. It happens when you are dealing with a "real ass" that doesn't know his ass from his elbow about anything but acts like he does. Really, this is my least favorite type of person. If I had my way, they could let all the murderers and rapists out of prison and just put all the real asses of the world in their place. I bet there'd be fewer murderers and rapists if there were fewer real asses in the world. IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON, JUST SAY SO. The world is here to help you. I thought after we finished our drink order, "Did Dan just order a Stella Artois?" Hell to the no. I've NEVER seen him order a Stella Artois. I flagged down a much more capable server by the name of John who cleared up the mess. The theme of our service of David Burke was "John cleans up all the "real ass's" boo-boos." We liked John a lot. And we felt bad for him because he seemed to be the only one there doing his job. He also cleared up the Jameson boo-boo and later, he cleaned up the steak boo-boo in a timely, suave, and confident fashion. Oh yeah.3. There are too many damned servers. How many god damned servers do two people need? I can't really handle all of these servers. Call me a little whiskey tango, but I can only focus on one, and at most, two of these people. But I counted at least 5 different faces replenishing our drinks and bringing us salads and menus. There is a point where this just seems so silly not to mention fucking confusing. Who do I ask for what? Jesus. 4. They served me the wrong fucking steak despite my man's crystal-clear ordering manner.5. I'm 78% sure that I lost one of my favorite hoop earrings here and I strongly believe that the "real ass" threw it away.6. The table situation is weird. Dan and I sat at a corner table and kept whacking each other with any slight knee movement. I could tell Dn was not feeling the table situation because he is tall.7. It's fucking pricey. Don't look at the wine list unless you make over 6 figs. Jesus Christ. That shit better give me flawless skin and intestinal health to merit that kind of outrageous expenditure. HELL to the NO thank you.Haha.OK, now that these have been established, I bet you are wondering why the fuck I am giving David Burke 5 stars with all the faux pas, and particularly, the Jamey faux pas (the point of no return, under most conditions.) Well, let me just tell you EXACTLY why: It's the STEAK. Bone-in, ohhhhh ya. It is grandmotherfucking good. I don't remember the exact name of it, but god, it makes up for all the bad things that may have happened to you in life. Dan special-ordered this bad boy for me. Here is my rude interpretation of what Dan ordered for me: So you order the steak with the bone in it that comes with mushrooms and onions on it BUT you tell them you do not want the steak prepared with the mushrooms and onions on it and that you want the steak prepared the way that they prepare the steak with the creamed spinach underneath. Find out what I am talking about and do it. It is HEAVEN SENT it is so delicious. I toted those left overs around Las Vegas for HOURS and brought them back to our room only to have them spoil in that thing I thought was a fridge. It turns out you're not supposed to touch anything on that thing. See my Bellagio review for more details. So anyway, my point is that the steak was so good that it made up for ALL of the other bullshit going on in David Burke's. Now THAT, my friends, is a GOOD steak. And thank you John, for making sure our order got to our table. My message to David Burke: PROMOTE JOHN and allow him to oversee your hiring practices. Seriously, y'all got some wrinkles to iron out. But for that steak, you get the benefit of the doubt=5 stars.
4	Any place that my wife will enjoy meat and mushrooms means it's about as good as it gets!  The waitress was a bit snotty, but the guy who brought the food was wonderful and added a great touch to the dining.  The drinks were good, not great.  The angry lobster was fun and tasty.  I recommend this place.  We should have stayed for dinner instead of wasting money at B&B across the walkway.
3	I had dinner at David Burke with my wife last Saturday evening.  They were offering a $50 prix fixe menu that sounded tasty, so we sat down right as they opened and had a quiet meal since everyone else around was headed into the Blue Man theatre.  My impression of the food was hit and miss.  We started with the carpaccio which was excellent, but my caesar salad was bland and the lobster risotto under my short ribs was a little too undercooked and crunchy.  My wife on the other hand had a tasty salad and an excellent beef tenderloin.  Dessert was also very good, we tried their signature cheesecake lollipop tree, probably one of the most original desserts I have encountered.Our service was fine, and rightfully so since the bill included a 20% gratuity.  Altogether with a few martinis and the extra appetizer, the $50 menu for two ended up costing us closer to $200.  Not sure if I would eat there again - the combination of inconsistency and the creepy humpty dumpty theme of the restaurant still haunt me, but it certainly made for a nice quiet date.
4	I always wanted to eat at this place... Maybe it was the big scary humpty dumpty sitting out in front that caught my attention, but whatever. I just knew I'd eat here one day. I did just that about a month ago. Great food, good service, very attentive staff, a bit pricey but thats just the way it is when you wanna eat good food and especially in Vegas where everything cost an arm and a leg.
4	We came here with impressions that there would be a lot of food cooked around eggs.... not necessarily the case. The decor was really entertaining though.... we were eggstatic (stfu). A very attentive staff all gave us a warm greeting and presented us with recommendations and specials. We ordered the braised beef short ribs with corn and lobster risotto and the wife ordered the steak and surf. They first served us with complimentary skewers from the chef which was pretty cool.The braised beef I got was okay but a little bit bland on the inside. The risotto was great. Our steak was good but the shrimp was seared... not a big fan of seared shrimp. We finished with the cheesecake lollipop tree. There were three flavors; toffee, peanut butter, and bubblegum. A little bit too sweet for me but maybe better for someone with a sweet tooth... or was fat. Great service and an attentive staff really made this visit a great one.
3	Six gals were in Vegas for a friends graduation from nursing school and she wanted to do one really nice fancy dinner. She picked David Burke in the Venetian, which is where we were staying.Before leaving to Vegas she had printed out the online menu so we have an idea of the kind of food they have there and we all liked what we saw for the most part.  We made our reservations for 9 pm on a Saturday night. We arrive and they were all very cordial and sat us. We get our menus and low and behold, the menu has changed! The salmon that a couple of us were eyeing was no longer on the menu! But hey, we understood that fancy restaurants have a tendency of changing their menus often as to not make the restaurant trendy, etc. I must say, all of our servers (there is our main server, there is the busser and the food runner) were all very nice to us, BUT we waited quite a long time for even our drink order to be taken, and then a whole another long while until our dinner order was taken.And when we ordered for dinner, 3 of us wanted to order lobster only to find out they are out of lobster! I ordered the filet mignon medium with creamy spinach. WHen the server brought it to me, he told me it seems to have been overcooked and if I wanted another to just let him know  he'll get me another right away, but I told him it's fine, because it did taste fine and I didn't want to wait so long for another anyway. We also ordered the cheesecake lollipop tree, which was kind of too sweet for my taste, and I kind of expected something more.....original? It was yummy though.THe food overall was very yummy and the service was nice, but I just gave it 3 stars because of the wait time and the fact that they didn't have lobster which seemed to be a part of quite a few menu items.  If I could have given it 3 1/2 stars I would've!
2	Mediocre modern americana. I ordered the beef short rib and french onion soup, and my g/f had the stuffed lobster. The soup was a bit strong on the beef flavor. Like sucking on a bouillon cube. The short rib was decent, but after reading so many good reviews, i expected better. My g/f said her lobster tasted like it had been cooked with cleaning fluid. Overall i think the food falls into the 'modern american cuisine' trap of all the food being very rich and too heavy on the butter. the service was poor. Our waiter had a glazed look and douchebag quality to him that his expensive vest suit and employment at a fancy restaurant couldn't hide. Definitely made us feel like we were totally unimportant. Eventually the manager herself came out to take our order and apologized for the wait. She was very friendly and helpful. the only thing i recommend is the cheescake lollipop tree. Delicious, light (considering its cheesecake), and the bubble gum mousse was great.the ambience is also great, but when food and service fall short, ambience is worthless.
5	Had an excellent dinner at David Burke.  Was part of a large party and the service and timing was great. Amuse-bouche was a tasty chilled asparagus soup.  Delicious brioche.  Started with a few tasty Kumamoto oysters and then had the braised short ribs.  Loved the corn and lobster risotto. I had a bite of my friend's angry lobster appetizer; I highly recommend this, and the portion size is suitable for sharing.Decor is modern with whimsical touches.  Quality and service lived up to my expectations.
5	An amazing Las Vegas dining experience! I had done my web research in preparation for my Las Vegas trip & my work wasn't futile. As my guest & I walked into David Burke's we were greeted my warm, yet contemporary decor all with the sweetest Humpty Dumpty theme - eggcelent, ha! We ordered drinks; she a glass of wine & I, the pear martini = yum! Then it was on to the apps; we tried two of the house specialties: pretzel crusted crab cake & the angry lobster. Both fantastic, although I preferred the texture and spiciness of the lobster. Next, the entrees. we were both in a steak mood, i had the NY strip while she enjoyed the night's special surf & turf. Everything came out as expected, perfectly prepared and artfully arranged - totally delicious! Dessert at David Burke's should NOT be missed, even if it's all you go for! All of the desserts we got a glance of that evening were so extra special & unique, our selection was no disappointment! It was a tough choice, but we ended up selecting the "Egg"streme Chocolate - perfect sweet ending... LOTS of chocolate treats, ice cream, individual candies - all in all AMAZING!!! The service was impeccable, as expected & our server made all of the right suggestions. An amazing dining experience & a wonderful Las Vegas restaurant!
5	Awesome Awesome Place!!Probably one of my favorite resturants in Vegas. I usually try and come here whenever I'm visiting and its always been a pleasure there.  Ive gone here with my co-workers and friends and they too agree that this is fancy and classy place to dine in.The whole theme to the resturant is Humpty Dumpty so there is alot of pictures/paintings and models of eggs everywhere - -even their ice-cream desserts are shaped as eggs. Apparently the David Burke has a fascination with Humpty Dumpty. ( you definately can tell)This place is PRICEY but it is worth it. You WILL enjoy the food and their customer servic. Ive had their Maine Lobster (to die for!) and their Veal (I know I did feel bad after eating). Both delicious and tender.Most of the entrees come with  bread rolls with one side.For dessert you must try the egg-shaped sorbet(s) and the Cheesecake Lollipop Tree. Both have different flavors within each other and how its decorated is pretty cool too.DO TRY THIS PLACE!
4	this is my second visit to DB but my first review. the first point is that the server and the hostess both remembered myself and one of the guys in my group from our previous visit 6 months ago- they actually referenced an apparantly memorable conversation!  I was there for a convention and actually took my team out for dinner so we were a table of 8.  Wine list was above average but I was shocked when we ordered a few nice cabs for the entree that they brought out inappropriate glassware. Her explanation was that the glasses were actually a better quality- but I aksed her if she ordered a nice cab would she want to drink out of a large Cab glass or a small higher quality crystal- she answered by bringing the right glassware to the table.  Apps were light as we did salads across the board- simple yet effective. Entree- I had the Filet of Veal- it was wonderful and the accrutraments were flavorful and synergistic to the dish. The ambience is typical loud vegas style- yet I never felt overwhelmed or like we were yelling at one another- I have to admit, i left before dessert but last time I was there we had the lollipop cheesecake!
5	The filet mignon is the best I have ever had. Its sauce was probably what made it so good. Crab cake appetizer was really fishy tasting. Service was almost perfect. Its a great place and its ambiance is amazing. Lollipop cheesecake tree is overrated but fun to look at.
4	We stayed at the Pallazzo this past weekend and were looking to eat in the hotel. Wanted to try one of there celebrity chefs restaurants. So after checking out a few of the menu's we decided to try a lighter fare. Not wanting heavy italian, american chop house,  or french cuisine we picked David Burke. Upon entering the restaurant we were asked to take a seat at the bar until our friends arrived. We ordered two drinks and both were quite stiff (nice kick). Things seemed to be starting off well. Our friends arrived and we were seated at a nice sized table,unfortunately it had a slight limp to it (rocking on one side) so we asked to change tables. They promptly sat us at another table without the rocking. We ordered the bento box appetizer, assorted house specialties that tasted good. I ordered the wedge salad, the g/f ordered the same. They tasted great, unlike the usual wedge the salad dressing was different but superb. We followed the salads with a huge rib eye cooked to perfection, and the john dory another wonderful main course. Our friend ordered the double cut pork chop which looked great. And his wife had pumpkin soup and a salad. All said and done the food was very good, service excellent, and the ambiance light and whimsical.
3	The atmosphere was kind of sterile. You feel like you are in a shopping mall looking out on all the shoppers. Upscale food and prices but a decidedly non-upscale atmosphere. The food was interesting. It seems to be inventive for inventive's sake. The beef carpaccio was good. The chef's special eggs and lobster with caviar and creme fresh served in a pterodactyl egg (looked like one!) was as you would expect - interesting to look at but meh to eat. A month later, I've still got that picture, smell and taste in my mouth. Not good!!! Spinach salad was DROWNED in vinaigrette. Veal filet was good if not a little charred. Wife's swordfish was good. Not great - good.The service was attentive but we got one of those over-the-top, intrusive know-it-alls. Don't tell me how good my food is (especially if I've left over half of every dish I've had on my plate). I hate that. He said he worked with ? (forgot her name) and she was his better half. He was right because she didn't talk. Slightly upturned face.
4	Ate at DB in the Venetian on October 11th with my boyfriend and 6 month old daughter. The host was kind enough to seat us away from the majority of the 'loud diners' and we were still able to see the TVs in the bar to watch the baseball game!! To start we ordered the pretzel crusted crab cakes which were great, what a cool idea. For entrees we had the short ribs and double cut pork chop. The ribs were so tender they could be cut with a spoon (not even kidding) the pork chop was cooked medium and to perfection in my opinion. Side dishes included the bacon dusted french fries (I LOVE BACON!) as well as steamed asparagus which was nice and fresh. The server was kind, attentive and walked us through the menu as it was our first time dining at David Burke. I def recommend the restaurant (maybe without children). The new American decor was legitimate as well.
5	This was a wonderful selection. Everything from start to finish was top notch. We were 7 people at a large square table so everyone could see each other and not have to yell. Also made it easy to pass plates around. They bring everyone a personal freshly baked bread in a cup with sea salt butter- YUMMY!We started with the Pretzel Crusted Crab Cake which is so unique with a pretzel rod outside & the mussels, that do have a kick to them. For my entree I went with the Braised Beef Short Ribs with corn and lobster risotto, black truffle mousse. AMAZING! What was so nice was that everyone ordered something different and cleaned all plates. On to dessert... Had to get a few. "EGG"streme Chocolate with Caramel, Milk Chocolate & Vanilla Cream, Fudge Brownie Cookies & Cream Ice Cream- so good and fun to pass around. Cheese Cake Lollipop Tree also great for groups! And they surprised us with a plate of cream puffs for my mom's b-day. Was it pricey? Yes, but if you are going to do 1 great dinner during your trip go here!!
4	4 StarsOur reservations were for 7:30, party of three. I had never been to a David Burke restaurant, but I had heard a lot of about his cooking style. The restaurant is located among many of the other fine dining establishments in the Venetian. The interior has a modern feel with some whimsical lamps and art. Humpty Dumpty is artwork displayed throughout the restaurant. The menu is divided into three parts, starters, soups/salads and entrees. There are also a la cart side dishes for the entrees. Our server was very helpful with explaining the dishes and offering suggestions. Before our starters were served, bread was served. The bread is a Brioche pop-over served with butter and Hawaiian sea salt, good stuff. Fresh and warm and so buttery.For starters we ordered the Grilled Octopus, Angry Lobster and Day Boat Sea Scallops Benedict. The octopus was served with chickpea puree, celery, confit tomatos, olives and chili oil. The octopus was a tiny bit overcooked, but the dish itself was successful. The lobster had nice flavor, it could have had more meat, but it was good. The scallops benedict, was definitely the star, the chorizo oil, lobster foam and quail eggs combined to make a delicious dish.I ordered the Pumpkin Soup, we also had a Spinach Salad and a Caesar Salad. The soup was poured into a bowl with a piece of Jerk Chicken and a dollop of Maple Cream. It was smooth, rich and hearty. The spinach salad was delicious as well, the goat cheese, bacon vinaigrette and he candied pecans were a great combination. The caesar salad was pretty average, a few anchovy filets served with the salad were delicious.At this point we were all pretty full, but we still our last course coming up. I ordered the Grilled Double Pork Chop with bourbon smoked beans, bacon, apple-celery slaw and onion fondue. We also had the Seared John Dory and "Bronx" Style Veal Filet Mignon. My pork chops were overcooked and very dry, the accompaniments were good, but the pork seemed like it rested too long. I don't know if they brined the pork chop, but if they didn't they should have. My friends John Dory was also overcooked. The veal filet was perfectly cooked.Along with our entrees we also ordered a couple of a la cart items, the bacon fat fries and cavatelli pasta. The fries were incredibly crispy and well seasoned, but the bacon flavor was absent. The fries were much better then the fries we had the night before at Bouchon. The cavatelli pasta was delicious, it was served in a mushroom sauce, I couldn't stop eating it.The meal was pretty darn good up until the entrees. But the service made up for that. Our server Jeffery was terrific. He and the food runners were very attentive and could not have been more helpful. After we mentioned that the pork and the fish dishes were overcooked, he went out of his way to have the fish removed from the bill and offered us a complementary dessert.We weren't planning on ordering any dessert and I don't really have a sweet tooth, but this dessert was phenomenal. It was called the "Egg" streme Chocolate. Caramel, Milk Chocolate Cream, Vanilla Panacotta, Cookies and Cream ice cream, all served in a dark chocolate egg shell. An amazing dessert.With all of the options in The Venetian, David Burke's restaurant is great one. With an eclectic menu and a friendly staff, I would recommend trying it out if you haven't.
2	Yea, they also have a place here in Chicago. I gotta say I was really bumbed by the poor service and the fact that two of the folks who ordered their signature burgers cooked med, received them cooked well-done. Their server should also know that when everyone at the table begins to play with their smartphones, it's time to bring the check. We sat their for 15 minutes just playing on our phones. I'll give this establishment a try here in Chicago and see what I come up with.
5	Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.All the Kings horses & all the Kings menSaid let's go fuckin' drinking again!!At least that's the version I made up in my head while sitting at the bar surrounded by bronze egghead statues as I enjoyed some of the yummiest cocktails in Sin City!Go see MIKE...and tip WELL! I recommend the Pear-fect Martini or the Moonlander (with a TANG rim)!The witty word play of the drinks are pretty funny.  How can you NOT want to drink something called "Hump Me or Dump Me" just so you can order it out loud and see what kind of reaction you get from unsuspecting passerby's?
3	Since I was in town for a pharmacy convention I had to bite the bullet one night and go to dinner with a bunch of coworkers to David Burke in the Venetian.  Luckily it was on a drug company's dime and not mine!First thing I thought is WTF is up with these Humpty Dumpty figurines?  I thought it was odd and some of them mildly creeped me out but maybe I didn't have enough booze in my system at that point.  I should have made up some excellent poetry like Joy B and the wait would have been more fun!!We were seated in the private room off to the side because we had such a large group.  The room is nice and spacious and the wait staff quickly accomodated by bringing in another table when it was clear our party was over capacity of the larger table.Since it was a large party there was a pre-set menu to order from.  Our first course was salad and I chose Caesar.  It was eh.  Really it was only leaves with some dressing - throw me an extra crouton or something damn!  For dinner I had a steak and it was cooked more medium than medium rare but not a big deal since we had such a large group.  Overall though I just wasn't wowed with it and I've definitely had better steaks in Texas.  Dessert was the best part because they brought out a platter with different choices.  The best one tasted like a pumpkin cheesecake and was delicious.  Oh and yeah, the wine that the rep picked out was tasty and I enjoyed many, many glasses of it.Of note, I think that part of the problem with my experience was the fact that we were in a large group.  I had friends who ate there the same night and ordered off the menu and were raving about everything.  I've been here in the past as well and remember it being much better.  So I think say NO to the large party set menu and say yes to ordering off the regular menu and you should be good to go!
5	This review is long over due.  I dined here for the first time after coming to a trade show with my co-workers.  Ambiance was good but the service and quality of food was outstanding.  I had the Roasted Halibut "T-Bone" Au Poivre and we ordered a bottle of wine but forgot which one. I would rate this restaurant 4 stars for the Food, price and service but gave it a 5 because of what followed my dinner.The best dessert I have ever had my entire life~~~seriously.I am a huge chocolate lover and had to try the "EGG"streme Chocolate" when I saw the name.  It is to die! for let me tell you.The Pastry chef came out and hand delivered this to our table...and it was a work of art.  And it was heavenly when I first tasted it...and would have licked the chocolate off the plate if I was not with my co-workers.  Some foods are worth the price and this is one of those restaurants that will not make you feel like you wasted your money.
4	I only stopped by for a couple glasses of wine and dessert and sat in the bar area. The place was completely dead on a Sunday night. The bartender was very friendly, though and heavy on the pour. The dessert we got was the Eggstreme chocolate dish -- a chocolate egg shell filled with cookies and cream ice cream and a fudge brownie sitting in a bed (or pool?) of vanilla cream and caramel with more pieces of chocolate. The presentation was great but there was no easy way to eat it except smash it to pieces with your spoon. It was cute, especially because of Burke's obsession with Humpty Dumpty. The dessert is definitely big enough for two and it's good for any chocoholics out there.
4	This is a review of a private dining experience at David Burke, so we had only a slice of the menu from which to choose, and a different atmosphere and service experience.  The meal was very nicely done -- a great salad, some well-prepared meat and fish, and of course the cheesecake lollipop dessert!  The wine list was impressive and not grossly unfair in terms of mark-up.  Note: the private room had its own ventilation and was spared the (frankly infuriating) perfuming which the Venetian utilizes in its ventilation system presumably to mitigate the cigarette and cigar smoke that the system can't move out directly.
4	"Iron Chef loser". That's David Burke, and I got to taste this losers food first-hand with the restaurant bearing his name, and I'd have to break it down Iron Chef style:Like the original Iron Chef, each chef can be awarded up to 20 points; -- consisting of up to 10 points for taste-- up to 5 points for plating (the appearance of their presentation)-- and up to 5 points for the originality of their dishes.Since it was New Years Eve, we did the prix fixe menu which consisted of either the 5 course ($125.00) or the 4 course meal ($95.00). TASTE:----------------------------------------------Aside from the amuse-bouche, we were also served a brioche with butter served atop a brick of Himalayan pink salt (odd, but I received this also as an Xmas gift). This wasn't that impressive in regards to flavor, so was this mainly about novelty/plating vs. taste? If this was served atop Elvis collectible plates, it would have won a couple more points for originality.This is what pissed me off the most, and I think it's what made me despise this place to some degree. It's that they served up the main dish as a "Kobe beef" dish which I really questioned at the get-go because most of the times it's not "Kobe" beef. Kobe is from the Hyogo Prefecture in Japan. Most times, this isn't what you're getting. Instead, what you get, including the place I worked at is wagyu beef, but it's usually Australian or American wagyu. We got American wagyu which is what Jay, one of our servers had stipulated to us, and if this confuses you, you can liken the naming of Kobe, like Champagne which should be called "bubbly" or hot tubs being called a "Jacuzzi". So, regardless what it's called, it sucked! It was no where near the quality or taste of Australian or Japanese wagyu. What I ate didn't taste like, and had nowhere near the marbling of the wagyu you can pick-up at Mitsuwa for some freak'n chump change ($59.99 a lb). If they would have just called it American Wagyu, than my expectations would have been lower and more appropriate, but of course it's all about the easily marketable recognition of "Kobe beef". Another sidenote: The "Himalayan salt" is actually also marketing mumbo jumbo because it's actually a product primarily from Pakistan.I already went off on the Kobe beef being called "Kobe", but I never mentioned how it was also prepared overly salted!!, and I'm a huge salt-a-holic. This one was almost so bad that we should have sent it back because they also didn't bother to trim the meat properly, so I had a decent portion of my cut that was a huge chunk of fat. Yum, I got to eat huge chunks of salty fat.... I hope it was Pakistani salt.The biggest redemption to the meal was definitely the fish dish. The roasted red pepper puree and the dish as a whole was very good, and I think everybody enjoyed this one the most. The last bit of the meal to top things off was the dessert. I'm not a huge sweets/dessert fan, but I made an exception for this dessert because I can't pass up chocolate if I do eat sweets, and the crunchy texture of the dessert was probably one of the most impressive elements of the dessert. I should also say that the scoop of ice cream wasn't chocolate. Instead, It was some funky flavor. An Iron Chef trademark.PLATING:----------------------------------------------The butter we had for the brioche was plated atop a brick of Himalayan salt that's pink in color, so it looked kind of cool, but I just thought it was such a waste if they didn't re-use the salt although I'm sure they do since salt is inherently antimicrobial.What I did enjoy was the multiple vegetable puree's that were served with the dishes including the multitude of small little veggies involved in the plating. A lot of detail, and a lot of effort were put into these dishes that were tasty and looked good. Also, they used culinary foam...ooh, aahh.ORIGINALITY:----------------------------------------------The beginning of the meal started with the amuse-bouche which is supposed to be a hint at the what's to come, but what was presented was an extremely unoriginal and extremely typical tuna tartare. After seeing that, I wasn't too optimistic on originality. I think this would be common place even in a mid-west suburban franchise.The next unoriginal dish was the spinach salad with some sort or balsamic vinaigrette which possibly consisted of some gorgonzola cheese, apple slices, and candied walnuts. This was a huge f'n let down because it was so typical. I've even prepared this sort of salad numerous times, but I include sliced red onions for my tastes, and I prefer arugula over spinach.Here's how I judged David Burke's restaurant:-- TASTE: 7-- PLATING: 3-- ORIGINALITY: 2TOTAL SCORE IS: a 12 out of a 20The total bill was $601 for 4 people with an automatic 20% tip, so whose the loser now.... ok, it's not David Burke.
3	From all I've seen on television lately about the culinary boom in Vegas I expected more from David Burke.  First, I'll say that there were only two waiters working but that's not odd considering that only 4 tables were occupied.  We should have taken that as a sign to move on and maybe go to Cut which was just a little bit further.  (Those two waiters were great though - very friendly and amusing.)The food was just ok.  Not spectacular as I had hoped.  I started with the spinach salad which was good - but again nothing special.  I then had the dumplings.  They were pretty bad.  The dough was so tough and I didn't realize the thing poking out of the top was a stick so I bit down on it pretty hard.  I also had the Scallops Benedict appetizer - it was so bland.  I really, really love scallops and I love "Benedict" anything so I was hoping for something truly wonderful.  I didn't get any flavor of the lobster foam and the bread part that the scallop was sitting on had a weird texture.My favorite part of my dining experience was my cocktail - the Moonlander.  Champagne, Triple Sec, Peach liqueur and Tang!  It was so good that I had two!  The last thing I'll say is that I was sitting on this red bench against the fountain.  I'm not sure how old this restaurant is but the bench was hardened from the water spray from the fountain.  It was also discolored and I couldn't help but feel that my behind was wet the entire time I was there.  Surely someone has noticed this and I can't understand why it hasn't been fixed.  I most likely would not go back to this place if I were in Vegas again.
5	Even if you forget the waterfall sitting in the middle of the room, the original and elegant egg themed dining room, or even the waiters mohawk, the food will surely leave a lasting impression.  For starters, their bread is served in the shape of a cupcake, finely paired with butter served on a slab of salt.  If that doesn't already scream winner all over it, we have the entrees.  Their short ribs were fork tender, served over corn risotto.  We also had the rib eye steak, which didn't disappoint one bit.But the dessert is where David Burke takes the cake.  Go for the cheesecake lollipop tree and you won't regret it.  You'll find a range of different cheesecakes on a stick topped with bubble gum whipped cream.  Yes, bubble gum flavored whipped cream.  A treat so nice I had to repeat it twice.  Everybody wins.
1	Maybe I missed something. I kept waiting for something to happen but it just never did. All of these other reviews really express the visual details of the food here. So I won't re-hash all that. Well, maybe a few.The restaurant space is very 90's. The red color, mirrors, unique all encompassing egg theme. Pink salt blocks everywhere. I just didn't get it. I understand the whole salt block culinary experience thing. But stacked up as a wall at the kitchen entrance? Not for me. The service? Super strange. The sommelier was like a game show host. Now I can appreciate that this job can lend to that sort of personality. But it was obnoxious. We saw more of him than we did our server. And again, I think she meant well.....but she came off as wanting to interact with us as little as possible. But she's the server?! We asked for recommendations and her opinions and she had none. No information to give us. A really strange experience.So its not cheap, right. And I knew I was in for a culinary experience from what I know of Mr. Burke whom I greatly admire. But the lobster risotto was terrible. Really. And I hate to say things like this is a review. But it must be said because it's very expensive. The dish was so complicated and over-wrought and the lobster was over cooked. The dish wasn't particularly pretty either. I love lobster risotto and order it frequently elsewhere and it has been gorgeous to just stare at. Not here. My dining companions' filet was fine, not great but fine. We ordered the bacon fries and fish n' chips to start......both were excellent. I would go back and sit at the bar with both apps and a few drinks. And the drinks...... I order Makers Mark Manhattans on the rocks wherever I go. At David Burke.......it was a dud. Weak and watery, neon red cherry out of the jar. Not classy. Step it up.So there it is, my not so nice review. I won't be back except for maybe sitting at the bar with the aforementioned apps and a glass of wine. Spent way too much money and was not happy. Sorry David.
4	I'm sure I'm not the first to point this out but the food here is absolutly beautiful to look at. The entire meal from the bread that is really a mini souffle with butter presented on rock salt all the way to the cheesecake lollipops is a feast for the eyes as well as the taste buds (its a cliche but totally true here). Its truly a memorable dining experience. In fact, the only reason I'm giving this place a 4 star review as opposed to a 5 star is for one reason- the noise level. I first ate here several years ago and even though I loved the food, I was hesitant to go back because the restaurant was so loud, I couldn't hear anyone at my table. It was honestly louder than a mall food court but with worse acoustics. When I heard a yet unsubstantiated rumor that the restaurant might be closing, I decided to go back last December. The food was as good as I remembered and the restaurant was still pretty loud. However, it was less crowded since we had a late reservation and we had a table more to the side of the restaurant so it wasn't as loud as last time but still louder than other comparable restaurants. The food however- no complaints at all. The bread as I stated above was beautiful as well as delicious. My husband and I had two different salads to start. I can't remember which ones but they were pretty good but not the highlight of the meal. The entrees though were amazing. My husband ordered a steak, wish I could remember which one. But it was so pretty to look at, I had to take a picture of it. It looked like some sort of canyon. I took a bite and it was very tender and flavorful as well. I ordered the lobster risotto and it was sooo good. Not as visually insane as the steak but at least as tasty, if not better. The cheesecake lollipops seemed like a bit too much for dessert this time so we got the profiteroles. They were very good (and cute looking) as well but not as memorable as the cheesecake lollipops. I requested a little bit of the bubblegum whip cream that I got with the lollipops last time and they gave me a generous scoop. That is some good stuff and one of the most unique dessert items I've ever had. We also ordered a glass of sparkling dessert wine called Banfi. We enjoyed it so much that I later went out and bought two bottles of it. Definitely recommend a glass of that! I really hope the rumors of this place closing are not true because I would love to go back yet again. David Burke is supposed to be on Top Chef Masters pretty soon and based on what I've seen at this restaurant, I'm looking forward to seeing what he comes up with on the show. Maybe the show will bring in more customers so they can fix the acoustics and make this just about the perfect Vegas dining experience.Update as of April 2010 this place is closed! So bummed but glad I was able to have a last dinner there in December. Oddly enough, passed the restaurant several weeks ago and all the decor was exactly the same, just a different name for spanish restaurant. Verystrage. I heard it was taken over by the same group that owns Aquaknox next door. David Burke will be missed by me at the Venetian, hopefully he opens a new place soon.
4	Finally was able to experience what my wife has been raving about for months.Service was excellent, which is to be expected at a place with a high reputation.  Ordered the lobster scramble and crabcake for the appetizer. Amazing first course.  The scramble could've been a meal on its own.  Rich and delicate, the lobster was not overcooked.  Crabcake was amazing as well, light and savory.I had the shortribs for my entree and it was perfectly tender, not too salty, which can be the case with shortribs.  Wife had the chicken, which was moist and flavorful. Staff here was very accomadating and first class all the way. Too bad Burke's will be leaving Vegas this week.  Glad I had the chance to experience it!!
5	Unfortunately, this wonderful place is gone. We had reservations for next weekend and got a call yesterday that there is a new Italian place there. We loved David Burke and will miss this wonderful food.
4	Food was pretty good- had the swordfish which was very good. I would dine here again- this time was for business.
5	Sad Its closed...
2	There's a reason why this place is closed.....I guess I'll leave it at that, since apparently I'm a bit too late to review it while it was open.  I just hope that the restaurants in the other cities due a better job with the food.
