3	Oh, I thought this place was called Pho 43.  This is your typical hole in the wall kind of place but they serve up some really good Pho bowls.  It seems very family-oriented ran.  Spacing Inside and Parking is somewhat limited. Fast service.I would go back.
2	After my friend took me to a pho restaurant in Mesa, I was wanted to find a place closer to where I live.  Their pho at 43rd express was ok, but they didn't have tofu pho for veg heads or a variety of teas. Oh, and a heads up, it's cash only!
5	Amazing food!!
5	they only accept cash!! I took a peek at the menu, then had to run out ot my car to collect the quarters from the ash tray LOL (I wanted to make sure I could leave a 20% tip!)We came for lunch about 2 weeks ago. Ben had the tendon and flank steak pho and I had the brisket and flank steak.Both really good and really cheap at about $5 each. They did serve lemon instead of lime and only gave us one wedge (I love extra lime in my pho!) I won;t complain too much though because I also did not ask for extra...We also ordered the spring rolls which were good.The last few Vietnamese places I've been to have all been good and basically the same (you can read my other reviews), but then again-I always order the same thing at each place and don' t really stray from my norm :)
5	The saying "don't judge a book by its cover" works both ways. A beautifuly decorated, squeaky clean establishment located in the most upscale and "safe" area... doesn't always equal great food. I live in chandler but being a true Vietnamese, I will make the drive to this place for a taste of home. The rich flavorful pho itself is what I crave for most and they never disappoint. If you're the type that eats with your eyes and needs to break the piggy just for a meal to feel like what you ate was good then by all means come to chandler for your viet food fix. For those who truly know and appreciate what Vietnamese food should taste like in any environment...I highly recommend this mom/pop joint.
5	By far the best pho joint in phoenix.  all those new pho restaurants over in mesa and chandler..yea is waay nice looking but the food cant compare...and can't beat $5 bowls of pho either.  there #46 is really great here also
5	This is a hole in the wall restaurant, but has the best pho in Phoenix! No other place compares- Loves it! :) The staff is friendly and the avocado smoothie is yum!!!
4	I don't know what I was thinking driving all the way to Pho Thanh after reading a few great reviews on Yelp. 43rd Express definitely has far superior Pho. Broth was flavorful and not oily like Thanh. $5 for a bowl of Pho? What a steal! The egg rolls were a bit too oily for my taste but the spring rolls were pretty good. Service was not up to par though. When I walked in I was warmly greeted and server was attentive upon taking my order, but I was disappointed once I got my meal. I'm not sure if this is a common thing in Vietnamese restaurants because everyone I've been to I've experience similar service, but once my meal was brought to my table the service pretty much went out the door. It's difficult to even get their attention. They just retrieve to behind the cash register or are more preoccupied with welcoming new customers. Not the nicest location either and they only take cash, but I don't really mind given that it's some of the best Pho I've had.
5	I've been going here since I was a toddler...literally. My first experience at Pho 43 Express was when I still needed a booster seat. I would probably say I was probably 4 at the time. This is hands down...THE BEST PHO restaurant in Phoenix!. Period.It may be located in a not-so-pristine location, but if you're looking for a luxurious Vietnamese restaurant...then this isn't the place for you. Usually upscale Vietnamese restaurants in AZ feature the all-special...Americanized, bland, boring pho.I can honestly say that I've never had a "bad" pho experience here. I'm sorry, but I haven't tried any of their other dishes, because I'm so addicted to the pho.Be adventurous, try something else on the menu and let me know what you think. As for me, when I need a good pho fix...this is ALWAYS my go-to. :)
2	It's been almost a year since there was a review about this place. I thought this place was pretty affordable and cheap compared to other Pho places here in AZ. Large portions too. I had their #15 Pho, meatballs and sliced beef. The broth tasted like chicken or like those Pho broths from the can you can buy at Asian supermarkets. I pretty much drowned it with hoisen and chili sauce just to make it almost taste like the Pho most people know. The bean sprouts they gave us were kind of dry and still had the "little brown roots" on the end. Never saw that before in a restaurant. The meat didn't look too fresh either.The restaurant is on the small side, but is spacious. I found the Boss Lady sitting at one of the back tables facing the whole dining area a little creepy. Their waitress looked like she just woke up and rolled out of bed! Lol. Omg, a minute into having our food served, I heard someone clipping their nails! I was tempted to look around but I was afraid I would totally lose my appetite. Gross. Do that at home. Not at your restaurant. I'm not so sure if I would go back. I probably only will if I was really really REALLY craving for some Pho, and it's the only one near my work. They are closed on Tuesdays and is Cash Only.
5	Want a rice plate? A noodle dish? Eggrolls? or maybe one of the greatest bowls of Pho in Arizona? then head over to Pho43rd .. they have a straight forward menu which is great for lunch, especially for people like me that will read EVERYTHING and take forever to decide.. what i like about this place is the "express" it is fast because they have a select menu, that does not mean they have a limited menu, the food is amazing, and they chose the dishes that pretty much maximize flavor and timeliness.  I am not saying do not go for dinner, because you will be satisfied then too.  Oh, and if you savor great coffee like i do, when you order your iced coffee, ask for it in a to go cup =)
3	Look this is not the best place in town for Pho - but at some point beggars can't be choosers.  Were this on Camelback and 15th Ave I might give this place a lower rating - but if you work in the industrial part of Buckeye (as I often do) and you want something other than chain fast food, mexican, this is a pretty decent option.   Decent Pho, decent egg rolls, decent smiling service.
4	This place is great and very affordable. Pho tastes great. Bun Bo hue tastes even better. You get 4 huge eggrolls here as 3 huge spring rolls. Basically the portions here for the price are awesome. I usually get a pork plate and a over easy egg on top. I believe it's only $5.99 also. Bring cash and your appetite.
4	Tried this place on a whim, at my cousin's recommendation. The pho is actually pretty good, like the vietnamese version of "soul food." Really salty but really filling. The atmosphere could use a touch, and they could use a soda fountain. Way cheap, and staff are very personable.
5	Are you the type of person who likes to explore new places? A true adventurer by definition?Have I got a hot one for you; 43rd Express, aka; 'Pho 43rd'.Owned by the same Vietnamese family for over twenty years, Pho 43rd, despite its dive-like ambiance both inside and out, is truly a charm.The pho is above average and served with all the accoutrements; bean sprouts, Vietnamese basil, and jalapenos. Try the beef, tripe and tendon pho, asking them to conspicuously leave out the tendon and tripe. (I never said I was an adventurer, I only asked if you were) It's delicious.Their sauces are a delight, featuring a traditional siracha, their own chili paste, and a delicious homemade hoisin sauce. Spring rolls were light and wonderfully tasty. A strong recommend.The service is fast and very friendly.Upon leaving, the owner introduced himself and gave us a brief history of the restaurant:-How he and his brother worked in the kitchen since they were small children.-How the family has owned the restaurant for over twenty years, surviving the great recession. -How mom is now retired, passing on the family business to her sons. His story was impressive. One that makes anyone not familiar with the restaurant industry know just how difficult it is to succeed in this type of business, with all the hard work and sacrifice.Pho 43rd ceased to be a dive at that point, embodying the true spirit of capitalism and the American dream. I left, feeling both satiated, and proud of David (owner) and his family for what they've accomplished.If you're disinclined to visit a place like this based on its location and outward appearance, you'll be missing out. IMPORTANT NOTE: THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH.
3	Super generous portion and plate of sprouts etc. Place is very affordable. Lunch specials are great at $5. The place is really good as well. I order the pho and a vermicelli dish. The pho had very little meat two pieces of meatball and three pieces of the thin steak. On the other hand the vermicelli dish had a normal amount of meat and so did my rice plate. I got a to go order of egg noodles and the cashier gave me the wrong order and by the time I checked I was at home! A little disappointed but the waiter and staff are prompt. The place is a little dirty and far for me. There was lots of parking and I got to use an amazon deal, don't know if I will come back a little far, I'll still stick with Pho Doung for sure and near me!
4	Delish! I will be back and it's only 5 min away!!! Bun Bo Hue was very tasty but... I'm from the bay area and they are missing a few key ingredients =(
4	The Spring Rolls are a definite must have!  As for the noodle salad it was flavor-able but mainly noodles and greens.  I would love to go back for the soup which is what they specialize in.I wasn't impressed with the pork, it was too dry for my taste.If your in this neighborhood and looking for a new spot.....give'em a chance. REMEMBER to bring your cash.....cash only!
5	Delicious Vietnamese cuisine! Their pho soup is very tasty and flavorful! I only eat at this restaurant for pho and bun bo hue!
4	Good place for spring rolls.  No doubt.
4	Pretty good, a bit dirty and it definitely needs a new coat of paint on the front, but the food tasted fresh and the staff was very friendly. I'll go back when I'm craving Vietnamese in this area.
5	If you are in the Phx area and need some good Vietnamese food this is the only place to go.  It's delicious every time!  You can never go wrong with the pho and some spring rolls.
5	Great little place. Homey and yummy. Not fancy but really tasty and the friendly staff really wanted to make this beginner to Vietnamese food into a convert.
5	Looks rough on the outside and walking inside doesn't make you feel much better. But trust me this place is AMAZING. Family run restaurant and you can taste the love in the food. Pho is great. And treat yourself to a cup of the Vietnamese coffee. Truly a diamond in the rough.
5	Best Pho in AZ! Great prices, Food comesout fast, staff is friendly and attentive to needs. Would highly recommend Pho 43rd Express. I would also recommend trying the French macaroons that they sell on the weekends.. Best ones I've had since moving here to AZ.
5	Before moving up North, I used to come all the time to this place because my family knew the owners and it used to be near my ex-hairstylist. This is where I realized my intense, borderline dangerous love/addiction for Vietnamese deep fried egg rolls. After eating here, no other place could rival 43rd Express. My family and I always got the same things: pho, egg rolls and spring rolls, and a good ol'  rice dish with pork. I remember how I would just stare at the broth that came with the pho, mesmerized by the big and fatty bubbles that appeared next to the thinly sliced beef and beansprouts floating in all of it's glory. I used to drink that stuff up, as unhealthy as I now realize it to be but I believe that we all need to live on the edge every now and then. Big portions, small prices. Unfortunately, my family switched hairstylists and it just so happened to be conveniently next to Da Vang which is where we go to get our fix now because 43 Express is out of the way. Something about hairstylists within a pho vicinity seems to be a reoccurring pattern for us. Yes, I agree, this ain't no glamorous place. I remember the occasional annoying fly in the restaurant, the non-existent Asian service, how we always had to wash our chopsticks and spoons in water at the table before we ate, and the mis-matching decor but honestly, the crappier the service/decor inside an Asian restaurant, the better it always tends to be anyways. Hey, no one said we were a perfect race. Get takeout if you're that picky about interior, but technically, if you already decided to make the trek to this sketchy part of Phoenix, might as well just dine there. If you're used to Da Vang, change it up and try this place out if you don't mind the distance!
4	This restaurant looks like it's been there forever, in a neighborhood that's not too pretty. But the food is great, the service is fast and friendly, and the prices are low. I had my usual favorites for trying out Vietnamese restaurants: pho wth rare beef and brisket, and banh xeo. Both came in generous portions. The pho was aromatic and very tasty, and the banh xeo was crispy and bursting with beansprouts, pork, and shrimp. Definitely a place for return visits.
5	im a truck driver and I travel around the country... i've eaten PHO in a lot a places and I can say this is one of the best.
4	Been going here since 2000 and it was the very first Pho place I went to I never had an issue the Pho is great and there are always ppl but I nvr had and issue with seating. When ever friends or family visit I take them here. Highly recommend to anyone.
4	This is a local favorite of mine. I am a frequent visitor here.  I really enjoy the Guys, David & Mike, & gals that run the family business.   I am a Pho-natic!The Pho broth is very good, one the best tasting of many of the Pho restaurants I have visited in Phoenix Metro.  The restaurant is very unassuming and not fancy at all. I believe is was a Taco Bell from days gone by.  The family works together to make the restaurant work. The food is fresh and very good.  They are great at recommendations or explaining items to you if you need a bit of help. Take the opportunity to ask questions, step out of the box and try something new.I go there to get my Pho fix.  They also have great espresso they import by way of California, it is very good.  They make a great Viet Coffee with it.They appreciate loyal customers who appreciate their small family business.  Give this place a shot, you will enjoy it.
3	I used to love this place. I have been going there for over 10 years. Lately, the food is not as good. The Pho has little meat compared to others, and they charge extra for meatballs, when they have them. They never have mint, and on more than one occasion I have seen a roach on the wall. I hate to say it, but I stopped going when they started cutting back.I
5	When you want good pho, this is the ultimate spot. The broth is perfect and they top the right amount of noodles and meat. My personal favorite dish is the lemon grass chicken and the homemade fresh soybean milk.
4	43rd Express is the definition of a hole in the wall place. The outside looks less appealing, the inside even less, but then the food comes out and you are oh so glad to be there. We ordered the steak pho and a pork dish that came with the broken rice, a sunny side up egg, and something else we couldn't really identify. It tasted a little fishy... not sure what it was, I wasn't a fan, but my husband seemed to enjoy it. The pho broth was very flavorful and came with fresh basil and bean sprouts. The portion was more than enough and prices where very reasonable. Don't forget to check in and get your free drink. I ordered the fresh orange juice, which in fact was fresh with pulp and seed. My husband got the fresh lemonade, which was very tasty as well.
5	I really like the food here. But I also like the staff they're really attentive and everybody has a great attitude. I've only been here once so far but I know I will certainly be back.
4	Small, hole in the wall/mom-pop type of restaurant.  Very tasty broth and meat for their pho.  Good portion sizes.  Very reasonable prices and friendly service.  Simple menu, but contains items like Vietnamese crepes (Banh Xeo).  They do take credit cards now and they have lunch specials as well.  I would recommend this place!
5	Great good & really good service. Great prices. A simple menu, but all you need. A welcome variety in the neighborhood. Lots of native Vietnamese; so that's a good sign . Close to work, so will return again & again.
5	I would send friends here and will come back soon enough. In fact I would drive out of my way to come here for their pho broth. Homemade beef broth with no bouillon!!! First time having shrimp in my Pho. It's not fancy decor, but who needs fancy when you have delicious!
3	Came here for lunch w/ the family. We ordered cha gio which was alright. It tasted kinda bland so I dipped it in the fish sauce that was accompanied with it. Yeah bad mistake since the sauce taste like it came straight from the fish sauce bottle. The hubby ordered the broken rice with bbq pork, steamed eggs, and shredded pork. He didn't like it at all but ate it anyways since he was hungry. He doesn't usually order stuff like that so that's the only reason why he didn't like it. I ordered the pho tai bo bien. The broth smelled aromatic the way that pho should smell like with all the spices and herbs mixed together but it was maybe a little bit too much since that was all I tasted. I couldn't taste the beef flavor at all. Overall it smelled wonderful but it could have had a better balance in flavors. The bean sprouts, limes, and basils that came with it wasn't too fresh. The lime was brown around the edges where it was cut and the basil was kinda wilted. I gave this place three stars because the service was great and you get a free drink for checking in with yelp. Would I come back? Not likely.
5	My sister and I wanted to find a new place to have pho rather than our usual places we go to, so we decided to take a chance on 43rd Express. I'm so glad we did. It looked pretty rundown on the outside of the restaurant but the food was delicious and very reasonably priced. We tried the vermicelli bowl with BBQ pork & egg rolls. It was so good! We also tried some beef pho & spring rolls which were also very tasty. Overall it was a pleasant experience and I can't wait to go back. I saw that they sell macaron ice cream sandwiches so I definitely want to go back to try one! They look amazing.
5	Wahhhhhhhhh!!!! I found the da vang near Laveen! OKAY before you bash my review, that was a compliment!!!Every pho places I have been to, are lower standards than DA VANG superior food flavor. Let me say that this place surpasses that and it's has that da vang flavor too in some of their food:)This just became my number 1 pho place!!!
5	We love this place. Phenomenal family ran restaurant. It's been there for probably 25 years. Bin Xio is one of my favorites, my husband loves the spring rolls and the salty plum soda. The Vietnamese Iced Latte is better than any Starshmucks.
4	This place has some tasty pho, although sometimes it isn't as good as other times, it usually has good flavor. The bbq chicken and rice is also really good, not to mention the yummy homemade macarons they sell on the weekends.
5	I heard from my classmate that this place serves macaron ice cream during the weekend so I came to try it. I walked in and I was greeted by the people who work there or I'd say the owners ( I think it's a family owned business), so I asked if there's still  macaron ice cream left and the girl who helped me was the sister of Binh (the one who makes macaron). I got the taro macaron with pandan ice cream. It was very good; I will come back and try their food and different flavors of the macaron ice cream!
5	If I could rate higher I WOULD! Hole in the wall yes!!! Agreed! But if this isn't the definition of "don't judge a book by its cover" I don't know what is. Heard good things so gave it a try. Location could be better but really who cares when it works and everyone leaves satisfied? Customer service was phenomenal.  Was a bit busy but still felt like we were a priority. Atmosphere is great. Sort of like when you visit your friends family and they care of you like one of their own. Price point is excellent I had leftOver food and didn't spend that much. Pho was great. Meat was delicious. Everyone was worth it. HIGHLIGHT!!!!!!! macaroons And macaroon ice cream sandwiches. I would go out of my way just for this! TRUST ME and give them a try.Couldn't have asked for a better experience.  Will surely recommend this to everyone and visit as much as I can.
5	OMG where has this place been in my life?The Vermicilli with egg on top?  Wow.Clean, fast service & so tasty.
5	We have been here since we first moved to Arizona, which has been 9yrs ago. That says a lot about this place. Food is awesome and you cannot beat the prices here. The fried eggrolls is a must and definitely have the pho. We have since moved 30-40mins from here but whenever we come into phoenix area, we make sure to stop here. We have yet to find another pho place comparable to this place.
5	Pho was good. Good service. Macarons by Binh are a must have there on the weekends!! Happy tummy!
5	Amazing! The service was great. So friendly and helpful in modifying my order since I dont eat red meat. The Pho was delicious, and priced great. But then we asked about those glorious macaroons. Traditional ones are weekends only but they had the cookies to make the ice cream sandwiches. Taro with chocolate chip ice cream. My lord it was perfect. I don't like desserts but that taro macaroon was nothing short of perfect. Will definately be going back for both the Pho and the macaroons!
4	The service was great! They were very attentive and friendly! We only came in for macaron ice cream sandwiches which were only $3.00 per sandwich. I had a Red Velvet macaron cookie with butter pecan ice cream. It could just be me, but I didn't find the macaron ice cream sandwich as amazing.... The ice cream was good, but I feel like I could have gotten the ice cream from my local grocery store and the macaron cookie was too sweet (this is coming from someone who has a very "sweet tooth"). I ordered their BBQ pork with rice and an egg on top. Yummy yummy yummy! There aren't many places that makes good BBQ pork, but this one sure does!
5	This place is amazing, best vietnamese restaurant i've been to! My now go to place for Pho, cheap, clean, good customer service and delicious food. I ordered Pho Tai & my boyfriend order the BBQ chicken and we were both happy with our food.Plus got a free Thai Tea for checking in on yelp!
5	I hardly want to tell anyone, because I want to keep the place all to myself.WOW.Be adventurous. Try the soda with egg yolk and condensed milk, or the salty plum soda.The soup bowls are gigantic. The egg rolls come with a platter of greens and dipping sauce. The prices are inexpensive and the service is great.At 2pm all the tables were full. That tells you something.UPDATE:Went the very next day with entire family. We each tried a different rice noodle soup. Everyone liked what they got, but we will note that meat is more of a garnish, so if you want more meat, you should order an extra order of it ont he side, which a lot of people do. But just know that at $6-9 (depending on what kind of soup you order), you are getting a lot of food that will fill you up, if you like a lot of fresh vegetables, noodles and broth. The broth is heavenly.On our way out we were followed out the front door to be given a rare treat: a macaroon ice cream sandwich, gratis. Now they probably don't make a habit of doing this, but we thought it was very generous, and it tasted out of this world!This is probably going to be a go-to lunch spot form now on!
5	Wow!  Best Pho in Phoenix for sure. Broth is so intensely flavored I hardly had to or wanted to add anything to it. Also the best service we have had anywhere at any restaurant in ages. Super friendly and boxed our pho for us!  Also brought out cut chilled noodles for our baby. So impressed!
4	Not from the area. We found this place from Yelp. When we were in parking lot we were kinna wondering if this was really Vietnamese restaurant. Looks like hole in the wall. Food was amazing. Big portion and the servuce was very good. Next time I visit, for sure I'll be here again.   Bun Bo Hue I ordered was good but it tasted a little to much MSG. Still was good tho.
4	Yes! This place was awesome! It is hard to find great asian food in Phoenix but this place does it right. They had fantastic Vietnamese crepes and macarons. If you check in on yelp you get a free drink that is good for up to $4. This place is a great deal. A hearty meal for two is under $30.
4	Com Tam Bi Cha Suon Nuong Trung Chien (Rice Dishes #23):Menu description: Broken rice w/ shredded pork, steamed egg, BBQ pork chop & pan fried eggThis was a large, delicious dish with a variety of flavors for a great price ($7)!I occasionally poured fish sauce over this dish and enjoyed everything on the plate. The BBQ pork chop was tender and flavorful. The shredded pork wasn't as flavorful, but added a nice texture to the dish overall. The steamed egg and pan fried egg were delicious, and I mixed bites of those with rice and pork. The cucumber and pickled carrots on the side added a refreshing crunch in between bites of everything else on the plate. This also came with a small bowl of broth, which I assume was their pho broth. That was a perfect addition, as I was craving some pho but didn't want to order a whole bowl. The portion size of this is quite large, and it definitely filled me up. Overall, the variety of flavors and textures on this plate is great and cheap! I would definitely get this again.Che Ba Mau (Beverages #17):Menu description: Sweet Red Bean, Topped W/ Mung Bean, Jello & Coconut MilkI got this for free from the Yelp check-in offer! This was more like a dessert than a beverage. The bottom 75% this consists of sweet red beans, and this is topped with green jello and coconut milk on top. This wasn't bad per se, it's just not something I would order again. I personally thought it was a bit too sweet, and I was expecting more of a liquid-like drink than something so solid. I left this mostly uneaten, mostly just because I was full by the end of the meal. Try this if you like sweet desserts or red beans.Macaroons:I just got two regular (non ice-cream) macaroons, since I was very full by the end of my meal. The raspberry and strawberry flavors I tried were delicious! The flavors were actually intense and sweet without being overbearing. I definitely want to try an ice-cream version next time!
4	Come to 43rd Express for the good food, one and only macaron ice cream sandwiches in Phoenix and really nice staff! So tempted to give 43rd a 5 star rating because their Pho is just shy of Pho ... nomenal. Yes, I just went there.Coming from San Jose, where Pho restaurants are abundant and witnessing/eating my father's homemade Pho 43rd is on point!I had 43rd bookmarked for a while since moving here and was so glad I decided to grab dinner here yesterday night. I ordered the Pho Tai Chin, which is Pho with sliced flank steak added on top, Soy milk and a Vanilla Macaron with Pandan Ice Cream Sandwich.The Pho Tai Chin, tasted really good. It had the right aromas of spices, good beef stock, really soft flank steak slices and the vegetable plate that came with the Pho was so fresh! The portions are huge too, think large bowl! Crisp bean sprouts, basil, lime wedges and jalapeno slices. The only difference I could taste between 43rd's pho and that of my father's is that theirs is a tad sweet. However, it was really surprising how good it was. Plus, I could not sense nor taste any MSG as I am very sensitive to it. Soy milk was typical and served in a big 16 oz cup. Then on to the Macaron Ice Cream sandwich, the guy saw my roommate and I eyeing the menu and told us that they only had the Red Velvet and Vanilla Macaron flavors but all of the ice cream flavors except for Taro. I decided to go with the Vanilla Macaron with Pandan since the warm flavors seemed to work well with each other. He was so nice to give us recommendations and to tell us about how they sell regular French Macarons on the weekends too! The macaron was not too airy or sweet, nice and chewy with pretty feet. It even had little sprinkles on top! The pandan ice cream was creamy and had little strings of young coconut throughout. Together the flavors were just plain awesome!Definitely check this place out, cheap prices, really authentic Vietnamese Pho, good dessert, awesome staff and you get a free drink on the menu when you Check-In on Yelp!
5	I  am stuffed & happy I found this spot on yelp! What a gem. Ordered pho with rare steak & brisket, fried spring rolls, vermicelli pork plate & macaron ice cream sandwich (taro macaron) wow! Amazing. Love the owner David as well. His sister makes all the macarons. Try this spot you won't regret it.
4	Don't pass this place up. The food is good but the taro Macaron with coconut pandan Icecream sandwich is out awesome! The best $3.50 we spent.
5	Loved the food and the family! The dessert at the end was so sweet and just the right way to end your lunch ! Must go to ! I will be back for sure! Go lebron!
5	Quite possibly the best Pho in Phoenix. The broth has a great flavor, and the Thai iced tea (not on the menu, but ask for it) was the perfect amount of sweetness. Plus, the service was great. I'd rate it higher if I could!
5	The guys at Grand Avenue Pizza (which I'm trying to get people to start calling The GAP) recommended a great pho place called 43rd Express. We went there the other day as their kitchen was closing, so they gave us free macaroons to express their condolences. They were like ice cream heroin. And their generosity cemented the place in our tastebuds, so we went back the following day. Great pho, all around, but the best part was the Egg Soda. I haven't found one of those in a while. I will definitely be coming here more regularly.
5	Literally the best pho I've ever had. Chicken broth seasoned to perfection with veggies and shrimp!!!  the best part of the meal was the taro macaroon with cookies and cream ice cream sandwich! The service was amazing hands down one of the best Vietnamese restaurants I've been to!
5	What took me so long to try 43rd Express?!  The staff was very attentive and explained to us that we didn't have to stick to the combos, but mix and match items if we wanted to.  I had heard about the macaron ice cream sandwiches so I was very eager to try one.  I ordered the red velvet macaron with chocolate chip ice cream in the middle.   It was so good!!  I recommend eating it right away before the ice cream starts to melt.  The texture is chewy and true to the flavors you choose.  A lot macarons these days are just sweet, but this place does it right!  The owner must have seen how excited I was because he gave my husband and I each regular macaron on the house!  I thoroughly enjoyed their customer service.  Since this was our first visit to 43rd Express, we were shown how to eat the dishes by pouring a special sauce over the meal.  My dish came with a fried egg, which was cooked the way I wish all eggs would be cooked.  You can see what I mean by some of the pictures posted on Yelp.  The fried eggs are crispy underneath and around the edges, and is just so perfect.  The entree I ordered came with a bowl of broth on the side.  The flavor rich and comforting.  43rd Express is now my go-to Vietnamese restaurant in town.  Five stars!!
4	Always great service and quality food every time. My family and I have been going to Pho 43 express for different periods of over 10 years and I'm glad that the food has been consistent each time! I always recommend to my friends
5	I have lived in the Maryvale area for over 20 years, and didn't find out about this place until a few month ago. I wish I would have known sooner, this place is amazing, not only the food but the staff as well. It is always the same employees, most of them young and they always appreciate you stopping in. I usually get the #1, which is a basic Pho. By far the best Pho I have ever had. They also have macaroons, not just your basic macaroon but they also have huge ones that they use for Ice cream sandwiches. AMAZING!DO NOT LET THE LOCATION FOOL YOU, TRY THIS PLACE YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
5	Pho is perfect for many things:as a meal, hangovers, cool weather and evoking feelings of nostalgia (IMO)43rd Express has it down pat. Throw your preconceived judgements and feelings of the exterior and interior appearance out the window. After dining here twice already, it's the kindness of their service and flavor of food that keeps me coming back for more- you already know that a good portion are their macarons as well!With the weather a bit cooler I decided to go with the Beef Ball and Rare Steak Pho and a Sam Bo Luong (sweet palm sugar drink with barley, seaweed, dried fruits and dessert beans). Unfortunately they were out of many drinks that day, so I finally settle with a Thai tea.Yes, yes, yes. Their pho broth is still consistent and lovely as always, aromatic, savory, salty and slightly sweet. Love how they provide a generous helping of basil and bean sprouts. Their rare steak is always tender and the beef balls- I must admit ... my biggest pet peeve is when Pho restaurants have beef balls with the little bits of fat studded throughout. These did not have that at all, yay! Always a large serving portion here that is inexpensive even for a college student like me.The girl helping us was so nice, to discount the meal since so many items were unavailable which was unnecessary but a great thought. She was also so kind and apologetic, but it was all so understandable.Free drink off the menu with a check- in on yelp.If there is a pho place you should try, it's this one!
5	I am very picky when it comes to Pho. It has to have a clear and fragrant broth, Pho's meat has to be tender and no strong smell. I just recently moved from California so it is very hard to find a good Pho here in Arizona. Well 43rd Express has me settle down with their Pho..Their Pho broth has a fragrant that reminds me the one from Vietnam..that shows how good their Pho is. Hands down..I also love how they have a good service. Last time I wanted to try their Bun Bo Hue and their Sam Bo Luong, but they ran out. They apologized and let me switch my order to Bun Thit Nuong and Thai Tea. I would love the Bun Thit Nuong more if the noodles are little bit more dry instead it is still wet like it had just been cooked and drain and didnt have time to dry. I also ordered the Vietnamese Coffee..OMG sooo good...it is just right for me, not too bitter or overwhelminy sweet..Perfecto..I came back today to try their Bun Bo Hue again and it was good. I love how tender the meat is, it just falls off from the chopsticks and melt in your mouth...And you know the real reason to come back again is for their awesome macarons. The owner showed me every flavors of macarons and he let me pick out from the box..How Awesome is that??? Million thumbs up ^^I will come back again definitely.
5	Love this hidden Vietnamese gem. The food is good and it hits the spot. I will definitely go back
5	This was my first experience with 43rd Express.  Its a ghetto hole in the wall place, I would never have stepped foot in here if it wasn't for Yelp reviews, so kudos to you, because I would have missed out, as it was delicious and flavorful.  I had the soda lemonade, which was very refreshing, tangy and sweet.  I tried their Vermicelli salad, and one of the staff told me to pour the fish sauce all over it, and I'm glad that I did, it was fantastic.  One of those meals that takes you off guard, and leaves you satisfied, because it tastes great and seems sort-of healthy!  I finished it off with the Taro Macaroon Ice cream sandwich, a very interesting purple colored cookie, and very unique sweet flavor, Im a convert.
5	This place is really good, delicious Vietnamese food, best Pho i have ever tried! Service was amazing, super-fast and polite. Highly recommend this place.
5	Nice restaurant with reasonable prices and good food. Don't expect anything glamorous in the way of decor, but service is very friendly and food comes out very fast.They now have chicken pho, but I don't think it's on the menu. The rare beef pho was delicious. What others have said about the fragrant broth is true. You could eat a whole bowl of just the broth. I tried their coconut drink ($2.75) and it was amazing. You get a whole coconut with a straw and spoon for the flesh. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for no nonsense good pho in a clean, welcoming environment. It's very mom-n-pop.Last note, they do take credit cards now via Square.
5	If you're looking for really good Viet food this is the spot! Outside it looks really ghetto, but some of the best places look like a dive. My boyfriend and I ordered pho and some mi kho. I'm picky about my pho, but this was the best pho I've had in awhile. Boyfriend thought the mi kho was a bit too oily, but he finished most of his. Their cafe sua da was bomb also! And to top it off we got both our macaron ice creams for free courtesy of our server. Awesome food and bomb service!! Will definitely be coming back!
5	Family owned and operated for 20+ years. I could go here every night and wouldn't get bored with it. Especially if I could have those macaroon ice cream sandwiches! Nom nom nom ^.^
3	Yummy, but not worth 10 dollas for the amount of food, plus i paid $2 more for extra pork(that's included in 10 bucks) i was also bummed they only sell egg rolls in multiples for 6 dollars, that was the number 1 reason i went there because they had shrimp free egg rolls. Overall food was tasty, but not the hottest and over priced, or lack of quantity.
3	The food was fantastic. I had the rare beef pho, as well as the spring rolls. As many have mentioned before, the broth was incredibly fragrant, just perfect. I was excited to visit this place for the first time due to all the great reviews. I do have to say, however, that the service that I received was less than great. I told them it was my first time visiting and I just got a blank stare and was handed a menu, no offers to help or anything. Since I have read on here that the service is great, I was a bit disappointed. I am willing to chalk it off as "just one of those days," so I will try again since the food is great.
5	I'm a regular there, I go every Thursday's and Friday's and after a long weekend end up there on Sunday's.Great Pho just delicious from top to bottom!Spring rolls are a MUST have each time!! Oh also there coffee there with concentrated milk!! There's a way to spark up your energy for sure^-^ I've had their macaroons sandwiches are the BOMB good way to treat your self on the go!!
4	Wasn't sure what to expect but I had the fried rice with chicken, pork and shrimp and it was good. I could see myself getting addicted to the macaroons. All in all, I enjoyed it and will go back.
5	This place is AMAZING. I really like that it is a family owned and operated restaurant. The food is fantastic and the service is great! I especially like one of the owners name David, he is extremely friendly and helped me order my food as I was not familiar with the cuisine. Even if you are not a dessert person you need to try the macaron ice cream sandwiches they are the best I have ever had!
4	Absolutely fantastic. Priced real low and huge portions. The staff is real down to earth and is family run with a few siblings. Quaint small place that if you don't know it is there, you'll miss it. I highly suggest it.
4	Ok so after my last review (4 years ago) I decided to go back solely because of all the hype of their macrons. (I'm a sucker for those things!!) went in, tried their  ice cream macron and they were awesome!! Extra star for amazing customer service and awesome macrons. Will definitely be back again! Oh and they use the square reader now for cards!
4	After passing by several times and hearing about the ice cream macrons I decided to go in today to try one with my daughter. Very nice, friendly service and the macarons were delicious!!! I will definitely be back to try their food and for more macaron ice cream sandwiches!
5	I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS RESTAURANT!!! everything is absolutely delicious. like. literally. I looooooooove the broth soooooo much. super tasty and flavorful. some places oh can straight up tell they're using a crap ton of MSG, but yo at pho 43, you are legitly eating pho made up with straight up beef broth. the owners are so friendly and helpful with everything! the drinks are super refreshing and fresh! esp the desserts. I believe it's called Che Ba Mau.... that thing is BOMB.Org. not even .COM. ITS ON A DIFFERENT LEVEL YO.ok FORREAL doe. ima start talkin about them macarons. first of all. holy moly. ITS SO FRESH AND TASTY. some places its like wtf am I eating. colorful sugar circles?!?!?! Binh's Macarons are actually macarons!!!!!! I've eaten ones in California and I can tell you from the bottom of my soul and heart... that HER MACARONS ARE THE BEST IVE EVER EATEN IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE. LIKE IVE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY EATING FOOD. TLDR;pho 43 shits on other pho restaurants in Arizona. them macarons are the best on the planet earth. life is good, with pho 43 around. YEEEYUHHHH.
5	My first time dining here and it is probably the best pho in town and the best I've had in a long while. Walking up to the restaurant, I was a bit skeptical as the outside appearance does not quite match what was inside. As we walked in (I went with a friend who had been before) we picked a table and sat down. The waiter was over promptly with menus and water. The place is on the small side, with maybe 10-12 tables in total. Each table comes with most things you will need like chopsticks, chili paste and hoisin sauce. We decided to get the fried egg rolls, the spring rolls and my friend went with the rare steak pho while I opted for the chicken. We were told sadly that they are out of the egg rolls so we did not get to try those. The spring rolls were served quickly and were delicious. They had the standard filling of shrimp, lettuce, cucumbers and rice vermicelli with a side of peanut sauce. They tasted fresh and flavorful. The pho arrived shortly after that. Their portion is rather large so make sure you go hungry. It was accompanied by a plate filled with sides (sprouts, cilantro, limes, jalapenos, mint). The meat was tender, the noodles were perfect and the broth beyond amazing. Everyone at the place was extremely friendly and polite. Overall, the atmosphere was just as great as the food. If you're looking for great food for a great price and very friendly people, I would definitely recommend 43rd Express.
4	Great little family owned place with food that exceeded all my expectations. It's always a packed place for lunch so get there early. This place will not disappoint.
