5	I have been to Grimaldi's many, many, many times before and was so happy when this location opened, its right around the corner from home.We've been to the Summerlin location and they did a great job. We frequent the Eastern location and have never had a complaint, but the convenience of this location hits the spot.We got a large with extra cheese, meatball, and pepperoni...it was perfect. Service was great, I don't think many know about this location yet so it was pretty empty for a Saturday. The restaurant isn't as quaint as the Eastern location but there is alot more room to move.I think their gonna see our faces in their joint a lot.
4	The pizza here is excellent, thin and crispy, but still with some chew.  The salad is nothing special, but as a little tip, the small is enough for two.  The one drawback for me is that there were about 3 employees for every guest.  They were standing around chatting in pairs or there was a few singles standing around looking creepy.  At least if they are going to be doing nothing, refill my empty glass.  Save room for the cheesecake!
4	Had lunch here a couple weeks ago. One of my coworkers from NY raved about this place since he had positive experiences at the other locations here in Vegas. He also said "Closes thing to NY Pizza". This place was definitely well decorated from top to bottom. Our server was very nice and kept on raving about the "Belgioso" Top End cheese they used.. She was very accomodating and joyful! Orders for a Party of 4 from their "coal brick oven"18" Large Pepperoni: At first stare I noticed their were a couple baked pieces of Fresh Basil leaves. Also noticed the thickness was my preference, not paper thin but not "Pizza Hut Thick either. I grabbed a slice with a piece of Basil on it. Dough, Sauce, Pepperoni and Basil (might of gave it a little flair?) was one of the better pizzas i've had. It was like a Hybrid of NY Style Pizza and a splash of Settebello's Gourmet take on pizza.. Cheese didn't stretch much, had a thicker than usual consistency and tasted absoultely delicious! This was consumed in minutes.18" Large Sausage & Ricotta Cheese: Sausage slices were mild and had a hint of smokey flavor. The Ricotta's fluff and creamy flavor was Great. Only thing, I think they put a little too much Ricotta. Nevertheless, It was definitely satisfying! I think that Fresh Basil on top just adds a little something to each bite?! Server told us we could ask for whole pizzas to be sprinkled with Basil through out upon ordering. I think we may just do that the next time.Very Nice place to dine and share a pie or 2 or 3.. with some friends/family. Service and Atmosphere quite swanky. Prices lean towards the higher side but worth it. I plan to come back soon!!
5	Oh my goodness - I just discovered true Pizza Nirvana!!!Hubby and I and the son went there for dinner tonight - it was my first time there.  Had a very nice and knowledgable server named Colin.  He really added to the experience.But let's discuss the food first...The pizza nirvana comes from a coal fired oven and the ingredients all come from the same supplier that provides the ingredients for the original Grimaldi's under the Brooklyn Bridge.  We each order a personal sized pizza - I was thinking it would be the size of a "normal" personal pizza or I would have definitely shared - a personal sized pizza is the same size as a medium anywhere else.  (I am already craving the leftover pie that is sitting on my counter right now)..Hubby got a pizza with sausage ($11 for a heavenly 6 slice pie).  I ordered a white pizza with fresh garlic, basil and tomatoes ($14).  Our son ordered a personal cheese pizza ($9).  We all shared a personal sized caesar salad ($6) - which was huge - more than enough to share - it was very delicious and the croutons were baked in the coal fired oven which added a nice balance)!I bit into my first slice and experienced pure bliss.  Perfectly thin with a great chew and a nice char.  It was charred - not burnt!  So hard to find that here.  This pizza is as close to perfect as I have ever had (but I have not been able to experience real New York pizza yet ).Colin was great - very knowledgeable without being annoying.  He was very friendly and proud of the food he served.  Everyone we came across working there were also very nice.I also had a great glass of fresh brewed iced tea (something that is getting harder and harder to find here) - Very refreshing.We were going to say no to dessert but Colin twisted our arm and we shared a slice of cheesecake ($5) - I am so glad he did.  I normally do not like cheesecake very much - but it was velvet bliss.Our bill came to under $60.00 with a whole pizza that was left to take home with us.  We will definitely be back in the very near future.
4	Good. New. York. Style. Pizza.
4	Came for lunch with my BF and his friend. We shared:Antipasto plate ($12)- salami, olives, fresh mozzarella, roasted garlic red peppers, bread.  Pretty good, but antipasto is pretty standard. Pizza with mushrooms and meatball (lrg- $14, + 4 for toppings) - the meatball was more thin sliced onto the za than mini rounds I was expecting. It was pretty good thin crust for a chain. It was crispy with good char on the bottom, but a bit chewy and the sauce was good. Apparently they recreate the conditions of the Brooklyn water to get the crust right. The only drawback is the large size- it means I need to plan for friends to come along if I want some Grimaldi's.Our server was friendly, personable and attentive. Our server asked if we want a bit of greens to go with it (doesn't come with it and no charge for some if you want it) and brought that out with some vinaigrette and that did help the antipasto be better. Our drinks were kept up on and we were checked on throughout. It was my first time at a Grimaldi's and I think I like this. There's one closer to our house so I think I'm gonna head to that one.
3	This one just opened near my house, I didnt know they had others in town until reading the other reviews.  My girlfriend was sick, so I called in carry out.  I got the small Calzone with meatball and the small anti-pasto for us to share.  The Calzone was big and full of meat, but no sauce so pretty dry.  I thought they would have some inside or at least a container for dipping.  Definately needed pizza sauce.  I thought the Anti Pasto was a salad and not just an asortment of the ingredients.  I saw another review after the fact saying you can get greens and dressing with it, which would have been more to my liking.  The ingredients alone werent bad, just not what I expected or really wanted.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was kind of odd.  Like it didnt know if it was supposed to be nice or just basic and focus on the food.  With a menu consisting of only pizza, calzone and salad, I would expect not a lot of frills.  The decor tried to be fancy just like the servers uniforms/aprons, but the tables were covered in the old fashion red checker patern table cloth (more in line with the menu).  All in all it was ok food, enough for two of us for under $30.  I will probably try again for lunch since its nearby and go with pizza and a caesar salad to avoid the lack of dressing/sauce.
5	After my horrible experience at Nu Sanctuary last night, dining at Grimaldi's was like being treated to a five star restaurant. Service was top notch. Our experience from the time we walked in to the time we left was impeccable.Our server, Ray, was friendly and asked us if we have been to the restaurant before or if it was our first time. It was our first time so he took the time to explain the menu and how their coal brick oven creates perfectly charred thin crust. We decided to skip appetizers and go straight to pizza. We ordered a large white pizza with garlic, one half with ricotta and basil and the other half with pesto and grilled chicken.  The crust was so delicious and charred just right. I was surprised that it wasn't greasy at all. Ray was great about checking on us and refilling drinks at the right times.  He even cleaned the crumbs off our table before our dessert came out. It really did feel like five star service!He recommended the cheesecake which they bake in house. I am so glad we ordered it. It was creamy and was the right amount of sweetness. It was the perfect way to end the meal.I love how service was prompt and friendly. It was obvious that their restaurant was like a well oiled machine because even though it was a busy Saturday night, we never waited too long or felt rushed. Great pizza, great service, and close to home... I couldn't ask for more!
5	A trifecta! Three fabulous locations in Vegas! Yay!Finally made it to the newest (and yes, closest to me) Grimaldi's location. I'll probably be frequenting this location much more often in the near the future. This was my first time ordering pizza for carryout at Grimaldi's and I have to say it's much better to eat the pizza hot and fresh straight from the coal oven! It was just as good as always, but I missed the right out of the oven taste that Grimaldi's has. It's just better that way. Once the pizza starts cooling down, the consistency isn't at it's peak, but it's still deslish.I have deprived myself of Grimaldi's for quite some time, so I have to say I was extremely happy with my pizza. As always, the white with ricotta and sun dried tomatoes as well as the pepperoni are my favorites. Not as big a fan of the calzones. They have some ferocious salads as well, but I usually ask them to go lighter on the oil since they are typically heavy-handed. My FAVORITE pizza in town and a fabulous new location. Can't go wrong here.
5	We probably frequent this place once a week. It's seriously THE BEST pizza in Las Vegas hands down. My man is from NY, and is VERY picky. Something about the hard water here makes the pizza crust tough, and in NY they have soft water? ANYWAYS, he loves it, so I guess that means they are doing something right.Service is great! The manager has stopped by a few times to ask us how everything is. The menu is simple, we always get a Large Sausage/Mushroom. The pizza sauce is tangy, and flavorful! They use fresh mozzarella instead of processed. You can tell their ingredients are high quality. We have also tried their Small House Salad - totally big enough for 2 people to share - it's fresh, and crisp, and exactly what a salad should be. Also try their Antipasto plate, it's amazing as well.Can't say enough good things - maybe that's why it's our weekly pizza stop :)
5	i had seen grimaldis on food network when i was living in Socal so when i learned they had locations in las vegas i was move than eager to give it a shot.. HONESTLY the BEST pizza i have ever had.  the thing crust and quality ingredients make all the difference.. this is a place i hit once a week and not only because the food but the service is amazing.. love GRIMALDIS
4	If you love pizza you'll love Grimaldi's. Tried the newest lcation on Rainbow and everything was first rate.
5	I seriously did not know pizza could be so de-lish!Another update - I have been here over a dozen times and the food and service is consistently outstanding!  I'm a true fan!
3	I've now tried this Grimaldi's three times.  My last visit with the gf and sis.  We tried, a small white pizza with mushrooms and basil, a large pepperoni and sausage with extra basil and their house salad.  A couple peroni's on tap and the bill totals $56.I've been to the other Grimaldi's in the valley and this location is comparable as to the look and the service - both decent.  The small salad at $5 is decent - can easily serve 2 people.The pizza ?  Well, i've been a fan of the Grimaldi chain since trying it a few years ago but geez, after trying the pizza at the Cosmo, i now find Grimaldi's pizza to be .... BORING.I have to hit the Cosmo again very soon to make sure my taste buds are in check.  Overall, Grimaldi's is ok and i'm glad it's relatively close to my house so i'm sure i'll visit again.
4	As many times as we drove by the location on Eastern and never tried it,  we decided to try their location on Rainbow.  we arrived around 5:30 PM on a Friday night........the parking sucks.  Besides Hooters sharing this parking lot, there are several fast food outlets here as well and they have marked their territory in the parking lot.So that's the negative about this place.  We were greeted warmly at the door by the hostesses who also hold open the door for you.  We were seated immediately and the kids were asked if they would like pizza dough to play with...cool!    Our server, Jo-Jo, graciously welcomed us as first timers and explained the menu.  We ordered a large cheese pizza for the kids, and we ordered a large sausage, basil and xtra cheese along with a Caprese salad.  we thought about ordering the house or Caesar salad but wanted to try the Caprese first.  The serving was large enough for splitting as were the other salads that have been previously mentioned by others below.Both pizzas arrived and were thin crusts that were baked well in the coal oven. Our kids rarely eat the crust edge of the pizza but ate them here.  They also seemed like their pizza here over Settebello's,Our table was constantly being attended to without being overbearing.  Drinks refilled quickly.  The manager on duty greeted us at the table and welcomed us warmly also as first timers.  In fact, she brought over some Canoli's for us as a welcome gift without realizing we had already placed an order for the strawberry cheesecake.  Save room for their cheesecake is all we can say........We will definitely be repeat customers, though we may try the Eastern location to see if the parking is better there.
5	Pizza is very delicious. And Jason, the waiter, is very attentive.
5	This is what a pizza should be!  Mmmm. Coal flash baked with real sliced mozzarella. If you like Neapolitan/New York style thin pizzas, must try!
5	Fantastic Pizza!  They claim it is NY style, but The crust they use is a little thinner then what you find in New York.  You see the key to good pizza is a perfectly foldable crust.  You cant fold a slice of Grimaldis.Don't get me wrong, the pizza here is great.  Simple choices, great flavor and a very hip ambiance.  Pizzas are made to order and salads are fresh daily.  I really enjoy eating at this restaurant.
5	Before we even set foot in the restaurant, the hostess had already opened the door and greeted us with a smile. As soon as we were inside, another 2 staff members also greeted us while smiling.Our server, Marilu, seemed to genuinely enjoy her job, and never stopped smiling and having a great disposition the entire time we were there. Her service was great as well. Our drinks were never less than half full before she would ask if we wanted more.The food was absolutely amazing. There was a bit of sticker shock looking at the menu, for two pizzas, two sodas our bill was $50. Expensive? Perhaps. Was the Grimaldi's made mozzarella cheese, some of the best I have had? Oh yes. Everything about that pizza was great. Watching the pizza makers toss and spin the dough, one handed even, until it was just right, then sliding it into a Pennsylvania coal fired pizza oven just lead to a mouth watering wait.We will have to go back to try more of the toppings, and will likely only go to this location, as the service stood out. There are not many places in Las Vegas with anything approaching mediocre service. Grimaldi's staff was not just great in comparison, they were great on a totally different level.
5	I searched Yelp to find the best pizza in the Las Vegas area and Grimaldi's came highhly recommended. I have to say after visiting the restaurant at the Rainbow Blvd location, I agree. I ordered for takeout from the bar but the bartender, Kurt, had such a winning personality that I stayed and ate my pizza at the bar with a couple of adult beverages.The pizza is outstanding thin crust New York style. The toppings were excellent, the sauce was fantastic, sweet and savory at the same time and the price wasn't bad either. Despite being a little worried about their brick ovens being coal fired and what that might do to the crust, it makes the crust the best part of the pizza and the whole pie simply amazing.It may not be the best pizza in the world, but it's easily the best I have had so far, anywhere, and I have eaten a lot of pizza. You are really missing out if you pass this place up.
5	Grimaldi's White Pizza with onions is the best pizza you will ever have.  It is awesome!  Check it out for yourself... you wont regret it!BTW - they also have the best cheesecake in world!  I have had lots of cheesecake and this by far is the best!
5	The pizza was delicious!!!! Try the Caesars salad. You can share the large salads...Everything was fresh. The restaurant was clean. Not crowded!!!The prices are reasonable...Definitely a place for lunch or dinner!!! They only offer pizzas, calzones, and salads... No pasta dishes!!!!
5	How Lucky Can One Guy Be....I Kissed Her and She Kissed Me...Like the Fella Once Said...Ain't That a Kick in the Head...2,500 miles away from the original location under the Brooklyn Bridge and I walk in to Dean Martin singing with the smells of pizza cooking.  That's Vegas baby.  Truth is, nothing can replicate the smell of walking into the original Grimaldi's.  There it almost knocks you down, and I'm not kidding.  Perhaps it's that you have to wait outside in line to get a seat, weather be damned.  You earn your pizza there.  But here on a Saturday night at 7 pm we walked right in.  More proof that people have to get away from the strip to enjoy some great food.I love that they kept the pizza prep area the same as the original Grimaldi's - a square work area with a coal brick oven taking up the back wall.  Open to the restaurant so you can sit there and watch them put on a little show and fantasize if that that's your pizza they are working on or not.  They start with hand tossing the dough here, which is becoming a lost art, because I'm seeing more and more press machines being used for dough.  Then some of their signature tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella.  The fresh mozzarella is the key here.  It's slices rather than shredded.  I noted in my review at the original Grimaldi's that they deal the mozzarella like playing cards all over the pizza.  Well even though it's Vegas and that analogy works better here, they were a lot slower and each slice was more carefully placed on the pie.  I guess in New York they've made so many pizza's that those guys can make 'em in their sleep.  This location is fairly new, so you can't expect them to be working at that speed yet.We ordered a pie with a whole lot of toppings and each was excellent except the shredded fresh basil.  Unfortunately they put the basil on when they are cooking the pie and the result was burnt leaves on the pizza.  So if you are going to order basil, make sure you ask for it to be added after the pie is cooked.  The pepperoni had a nice spice to it.  The meatballs were sliced real thin and had so much flavor.  The sausage was crumbled, and while I prefer sliced sausage on my NY pie, this is good stuff and you won't be disappointed.  The onions and mushrooms were sliced thin enough to totally cook on the pie.  The roasted red peppers were a little different than the original Grimaldi's, they were chopped up into smaller pieces, which I think was a good thing.  That way you got a little taste of the marinated red peppers in each bite.Now the problem with getting a lot of toppings here is you really pay for it.  Toppings are $2 each with a few being $4.  We had $18 in toppings!!!.  Oh well, we're on vacation, but if you eat here regularly you might have to make choices of what you want on your pie.  I remember the same thing happened in New York, I got the bill for 2 and it was like $50.  For pizza.  LOL But so good!  The only thing I didn't think was quite as good as the Original Grimaldi's was the dough.  I don't know what it is, but once you stop using that New York drinking water for your dough, it's never the same.  But we ain't in New York, and this is still a 5 star pie.
5	I am not really a pizza fan, or really of Italian food in general.  However, my bf is part Italian and from the East Coast, so sometimes his tastes win.  For some reason, tonight I wanted to try Grimaldi's (mostly because I read on here their cheesecake was really good, and I wanted cheesecake!) so we braved the horrible parking lot and went in.  It was a Friday night, and for some reason the Hooters next door is always slammed, leaving no parking spots. I am glad I dragged my bf out of the house, because we were so impressed!  The decor was nice, and gave lots of historic NYC pictures to look at while eating, and I loved the wine glass chandeliers.  But the food was the star tonight. It could have been a hovel, and I still would have given it 5 stars.We started with a small ceasar salad to share, and I almost ate the fork trying to eat it as fast as I could. The dressing we was perfect for me.  I wanted a white pizza with artichokes and chicken, but the bf wanted sausage - only sausage.  But I added mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes, just because I could.  I am glad I did!  The sun-dried tomatoes were sweet, and the sausage a bit salty and spicy and the mushrooms were full of flavor. Each bite was full of different flavors, which I loved and part of why I normally dislike pizza - as it's normally all just one flavor.   As for the crust - I actually ate it!  I don't eat crust on bread, pizza, most pies...etc - and I still ate this crust.  It was that good!When it came to dessert, even though they had cannoli's, I knew I was getting cheesecake.  I was thinking about Strawberry cheesecake all night, but our waiter said to get the Oreo cheesecake.  I took his recommendation, holding him responsible if it sucked.  He was right!  It was great!  My boyfriend got the cannoli, and while it was great - we agreed my cheesecake was better!I feel stupid I never knew there were two other locations, and I could have discovered this earlier!
4	There are a lot of pizza places, but I really enjoy Grimaldi's.  Thin crust pizza is my favorite and this place has it.  About once a month I'll suddenly get a craving for this pizza!  I think I'd have to say this is my favorite pizza joint in Las Vegas. Their house salad is tasty - a small is good enough for two people.  You get to choose your toppings and type of pizza.  I like to go for the normal red sauced pizza with sausage and mushrooms. I normally don't even like sausage on my pizza's but for some reason, it's really good here!  A medium pizza is probably good for two people, but we always get a large and finish it all.  Can't get enough!  Their sauce is boss and I love that they give you garlic powder on the side.  The pizza is normally never soggy (I've only had that happen to me once).  It still didn't deter me away from this place. I have to admit that the pizza here is slightly expensive - I wish each additional topping wasn't so much.  Be sure to sign up for the mailing list and you'll get a free pizza pie on your birthday and also some 5 dollar off coupons once in awhile.
4	I was in town for a wedding, staying with friends...They are big time pizza lovers (aren't we all though) and recommended this place as their favorite piza. As Grimaldi's is right next to Hooters (we were looking for wings and pizza type of thing) we popped by Hooters..got our wing on...and then walked the 40 feet to Grimaldis...It looked like pretty typical pizzeria decor...but with a full bar (and some good Sonoma wines as well)...Ordered up some pizzas..We got an XL sausage, pepp, garlic...It was some of the better thin crust pizza I'd had!Never tried a coal fired place...I always ask for crispy crust, but for some reason I didn't this time as I've heard coal fired pizza pie is crispier than most due to oven temp...Well it was crispy, and totally delicious! The very professional and courteous waitress brings our pie out and instantly (before the pie hit the table mind you) offered up her apologies saying that this particular pie wasn't up to their standards at Grimaldis..but she brought it anyway as she knew we were hungry (despite my 5 wings and cold beers ala Hooters). She went on to explain that they noticed there was a hole in the pizza, and that a whole new pizza was being prepped right then..No one at the table even had a chance to notice the hole..and they already were replacing it!We all ate our fill, and then voila...a fresh, delicious pizza hit the table. We had 1/2 of a pizza for snacks on the long drive home to Sonoma county!! Not only was it completely great pizza...the staff and management exhibited the highest level of professionalism, courtesy, and commitment to offering up only a superior product...In an area filled with all manner of culinary delights..from ridiculously expensive, to $10 buffets...well, this place earned my business EVERY time I get to Vegas...Eat here for great pie, great service, and great memories! Kudos to Grimaldis on Rainbow for making my trip!
4	After several visits to this location, I now feel I can give it a fair review.  My first visit, I made the mistake of dining in.  The service was terrible and it made me wish I lived closer to the Eastern & 215 location.  Since that time, I've learned to do take-out.  The food is consistent.  Same great pizza, but because the service is below par, I recommend getting a pizza to go and eating it in the comfort of your own place, where no one forgets to fill up your beer :)
3	I am not the biggest fan of pizza but decided to try it . The pizza was okay but I would prefer BJs
5	Best pizza ever.  You should go.  :)
5	Can I just say I love this place!! The pizzas are ginormous and delicious!! The wait staff is really friendly and seem to enjoy being there too. The busser Steven is super helpful as well. And if you sign up with them, you receive a free pizza of your choice for your birthday up to $18. Check this place out..it is all around Yummy!!
4	I dream of crispy, yummy, oh-so-perfect slices of plain with extra crispy basil after eating here.  The first time I ate here I dreamt of the food and ate here every day for fourteen consecutive days.  It was heaven, it's still heaven, and I am an avid fan of the thin pizza here.There are a few places I  love to stop at time and again, and Grimaldi's is one of those places you'll never get sick of.  Their sauce is fresh and has just the right tang, their mozzarella is creamy and flavorful.  I don't ruin the flavor of the pizza and crust with lots of toppings; rather, I just place some basil on it and call it a day.  The taste of crispy basil on their classic pizza is to die for.  There are few pizza places I'll give four stars to, and I love Grimaldi's because their sauce isn't too puckery and their cheese is so darn perfect.  No matter how many times I eat here and swear to try something new, I don't have the heart to ruin the classic cheese with anything else.  I grab a small basil, extra basil, and call it a day.Try it out.  The food is great, the service is good, and despite being almost $20 a pizza depending on how many toppings you get, it's worth every penny.
4	This is the best of the Grimaldi's chain by far. Doesn't say much considering I'd much prefer to go to Due Forni for the pizzas because of more exotic ingredients and toppings. I like simple a menu, but I would also like the restaurant to do all the thinking for me and tell me what they found to be the best pizzas. Otherwise, I'm a lamo and end up ordering pepperoni with cheese.  I'm not an executive chef, I didn't go to school for it, so a dining out experience can be missed out if you don't have an imagination like me. The plus side is that the crust here is spectacular. We ordered a cheese-less pizza and the charcoal crust was delicious enough to carry the pizza.  The down side is that if you don't feel like eating pizza, then "No food for you! Get out!"
5	This place is awesome!!! My hubby and I found this place just by chance and we love it here. We probably dine here about every other week. the pizza is delicious. They have thin crust and the toppings are fresh and made to order. On Tuesdays they have half off all wine bottles! The service is excellent . I especially like the fact that I don't have to open that hot door handle , because they open the door for you! Order the white pizza, its great!
5	Cheeseless pizza. Well almost.  Best pizza in town.
4	Great Pizza only wish mine had a lil more cheese on it. Helpful Polite Staff. Nice selection of domestic micro brews.
5	Grimaldi's is yummy and just fan-fricken-tastic!
3	After reading all the positive reviews, I decided to give them a try. As far as food quality and taste: excellent and worth every penny. My reason for only three stars is that the flow of my visit was clunky. (1) When I arrived at the restaurant, the hostess opened the door for me, which I didn't expect and I thought that she was going to say they were closed or that I had to go through another entrance or something...It doesn't help that the doors open outward and she has to PUSH the doors instead of PULLING the doors and remaining inside the establishment.(2) When I went to the bar to place my takeout order, I felt like an obstacle to the employees since the computer screen where they clock in was where the to-go customers place the orders and in the five minutes I stood there two employees had to apologize for squeezing in to clock in. Why isn't that computer screen placed somewhere only the employees have access to?(3) While waiting for my order, I couldn't help but scope out the venue (I love the decor, and the outdoor space looks great!), but my eyes fell on the hostess stand. An employee who appears to be the manager was speaking with the hostess (the one who opened the door). Some customers were coming toward the entrance and she went to open the door for them, and of course, since the door opens outward, the hostess ended up outside. The employee at the hostess stand was standing there, and asked, "Dinner for two?" The customers confirmed, then the "manager" gave the hostess major stinkeye to hurry up and seat them while she was still outside holding the door! As fellow employees, he should watch her back. He could of done things very differently: (a) be a gentleman and open the door, (b) say "welcome to Grimaldi's, the hostess will be right with you" or (c) sit the customers himself (he was hanging out behind the stand long enough to see the next section to seat). Instead, he made the hostess look incompetent. (4) The same "manager" carried out my order from the kitchen but HAD to go back to the hostess stand and stood and talked for a WHOLE MINUTE with my pizza in his hand. What should have been piping hot and fresh from the oven turned to two minutes sitting in a cardboard box, then placed in my hands. These are super simple fixes! All they have to do is:(1) Install the computer somewhere only the employees have access to. (2) Keep the front entrance doors open during business hours and don't make the hostess open doors as part of her duties, it's hella awkward... (3) Teach that particular employee about "teamwork"; his dawdling around slowed the bar's service, the hostess's service and wasted the cook's speedy effort.
5	came here for my mother's birthday pizza dinner. we came on a weeknight (tuesday) and learned they had half price glasses of wine (not including sangria or the house wines.) I have been to the original brooklyn shop and was a little iffy of the pizza here. we had to try it though and so glad we did. rachel was our server and was friendly and helpful. we started off with some sangria for 6 dollars a glass. I had the red, which was a little strong, just the way i like, while my mom had the white, which was really sweet, just how she likes. we ordered the large white garlic pizza with half chicken and half meatball. now beware they do charge you the same prices of toppings even if you order half. (toppings are where they catch you with price.) it can get expensive. the pizza was 18 dollars while the grilled chicken was 5 dollars and the meatballs coming in at 2 dollars. that is 25 dollars total for a large pizza if you can't do math.after we took our first folded pizza bites we knew we had a winner though. my favorite was the meatball side while my mom loved the grilled chicken. thin crust perfect for folding and a tasty white garlic pizza that wasn't too overwhelming on the garlic flavor. i could taste everything and everything was amazing. very well done grimaldi's. we finished 2 slices each and had another 4 to take home for leftovers. (which i should add were finished off by the time we went to bed. so good!) we saved a little room for dessert and ordered the caramel apple cheesecake for another 5 dollars. holy cheesecake Gods! talk about melt in your mouth good. since it was my mom's birthday I let her eat the majority of it, but i could go back just for a piece of that little heaven. it was a great fall dessert with so much flavor. it even had little pieces of apples in the cheesecake. yums!my mother has talked about this pizza every night now. i know she loved it as did i. it lived up to the talk and i am sure to be a regular now. thanks grimaldi's for making her birthday dinners one to be remembered just by the food and the nice service.
3	Fair pizza but certainly not worth the high price. Not exactly a working class pizza joint. We have tried it twice to see if we were missing something based on several raves we heard ; nope. It isn't bad pizza, but it isn't great pizza. We weren't impressed.
4	One of our favorite lunch spots.Nice atmosphere for business lunches.Always fresh ingredients and high quality food.I'm a Chicagoan transplant, so I'll make no claims to know anything about what good "New York style pizza" is, but my full blooded Italian and Sicilian colleagues like it there.   Must be good enough.
5	I've been here several times in the past few months and have always had a wonderful experience. The food is great always perfect and the staff is amazing, especially the manager Lisa, who is always warm and friendly whenever we drop by. Never a single bad experience.
5	Good pizza is hard to find and this joint delivers. Has a really good pizza and a few beverages. I would recommend to anyone who likes new York style pizza and stiff drinks. Very good find here in Vegas!
5	best pizza in las vegas. im a fan of ny style thin crust pizza and this place definately does it the best. ive tried roccos, familia pizzeria but i think grimaldis tops them all.  the salads are fresh and tasty and the cheesecake is decadent!  service is comparable to a fine dining restaurant
4	We go here fairly often. The pizza's usually pretty good and the girls at the curbside pick up kick ass! Seriously, they hustle and get your pizza out to you right away with a smile and a super friendly attitude.
5	The prices might be a little steep for pizzas, but the food was delicious and the customer service was truly outstanding.We had a calzone, a house salad, and a caprese salad. We ordered the small calzone and it fed both my husband and I for lunch, and me for dinner- a lot of bang for our buck. The caprese salad was as good as any I've had, and my husband really liked his house salad (again, the small was actually pretty huge). But what really wowed us was the customer service. Everyone, from the host, to the server, to the manager, was friendly, courteous, and seemed to genuinely be interested in us and want our business. At the end, we had our food boxed, and they even threw in a piece of their Oreo cheesecake (absolutely outstanding, btw, and I work for a sister restaurant to the Cheesecake Factory) for free, just so we could try it. I've never had a restaurant to sincerely show that they want us to return- which we definitely will. Grimaldi's has totally won us over. I very much recommend them!
4	New York PIzza style in Las Vegas.  There are five locations in the Vegas area and we went to this one.Ordered a medium with mushroom and sausage.  The crust was good.  Isn't it all about the crust anyway?  Nice flavor and texture.  Sauce was very neutral.  No real acid, sweetness, or herbaciousness.   That's either good or bad meaning they probably do not add much to the sauce and just let is speak for itself.  Topping were sparse and slices of mozzarella was used so it was not as evenly distributed as if it were shredded, of course the cheese they use is probably so soft you couldn't shred it.Grimaldi's Pizza is a lot better than the major pizza chains.  When you start comparing it to single shops or local favorites it all comes down to personal taste.   Grimaldi's appears to be expanding nationally, hopefully not at the expense of taste and quality.
4	Everything was fresh. We ordered a large pizza with fresh basil and Italian sausage. The waitress didn't know that much about the pizza that most customer order. She just knew the basics. This is the reason for the 4 star. Typically, the waitress at other restaurants know their stuff.I would highly recommend you try this place
5	People screw up pizza a LOT. Seriously, I just don't think anyone even realizes how many ways people get it wrong. As the stars probably gave away, I feel Grimaldi's is different. The ingredients are fresh and put on the pizzas in that wonderful sweet spot of being plentiful but not overcrowded. The sauce isn't drowning everything, nor is it barely there. The crust is thin, crispy and actually manages to not be either overpowering or taste like lifeless cardboard. Let me put this another way. A lot of people in this city claim to have New York style pizza. Grimaldi's actually does. Not only that, but the interior makes it plainly obvious that whoever designed it has actually been to the east coast at some point, unlike most places that overdo it and try to shove east coast culture down your throat in the design in order to make you think that's what it looks like. Sorry...I'm a Jersey native. It drives me nuts the way so many restaurants get it all wrong, be it food or design or usually both. Grimaldi's makes me actually think of home and the little pizza restaurants you'd find there. It looks like it, it tastes like it. If you want GOOD New York style pizza, go here. It's pretty much that simple.
5	Best pizza outside of NYC!
5	Really good service. Good Pizza, fresh toppings!  We never have dessert but we were talked into it. Had the caramel apple cheese cake. It was really good and a big enough for both of us to share.
5	Lived in Brooklyn for 12 years, 1 mile away from the original.  Finally got here.   a few misses but their customer service is top notch, even if their floor managers make a bad decision or two.  Good pizza...
4	Much better visit this time!Ordered a small pizza to go, ordered it half one topping, half another topping and in about 10 minutes, the pizza came! We digged in back home and it was fresh and tasty.  My reason for the one star is that the whole "hostperson opening the door" thing. This is not a hotel on the Strip! This is a neighborhood restaurant. I was watching the host stand and the whole opening door routine and it is SO disjointed (read my previous review). Prop open the doors or get a doorman.
5	Woweewow!  The Charlie Sheen of pizza, WINNING!!Great pizza, fantastic service, and my favorite beers on tap!  We ordered a large with Italian sausage, fresh basil, and ricotta cheese - BOMB!  This combination came highly recommended by the staff and I must say it is pretty fuckin' great!  We also mixed it up with a spicy jalapeno Hawaiian with ricotta cheese.  The creamy combination of sweet and spicy was our own slice of heaven on earth.This was my third visit since discovering Grimaldi's a few Vegas trips ago and every time the pizza and service have been out of this world.Please open a Grimaldi's in San Diego!!
4	Definitely a great place to go get pizza! :) I'm usually not big on having pizza all the time, but for some reason, after coming to this place, it practically became a place for indulgence for our family. Many other reviewers have probably already mentioned, but THIS is where you can get authentic New York style pizza, and I won't lie to you on that one.If it's your first time, though, then there are two things:First, I don't recommend getting more than you need and/or getting it to-go unless you're going to eat it within the next ten minutes. Although very delicious, the thin crusted pizza they make can become more crunchy than needed and they don't honestly make great leftovers. So, eat only enough, and eat what you can, and fast; this pizza is not very fantastic once it's not warm anymore, and reheating it can sometimes make it taste worse. I mean, it's really up to you, but our family agreed upon this.Second, I also don't recommend getting more than three or four toppings on a single pizza, especially if it's not going to be a large that you're ordering. I'm a bit picky on sauce, as I like a good, helpful amount. Unless you ask for extra, it may be a bit too dry for your taste if you're like me. And also, because it's a pretty thin pizza, too many toppings can probably result in a soggy, heavy pizza that you'll have to bring to your plate. But again, just a matter of opinion.Whenever we come here, we usually get a large pizza with mushrooms, onions, and most importantly, Ricotta cheese. Occasionally, we consider on sausage, but usually we only go with three toppings unless we're feeling generous on a serving of meat. I really recommend getting some Ricotta cheese on pizza here; it's absolutely delicious, and makes for a great, creamy taste. We love onions because it adds a little more flavor. The sausage is, again, for when we feel we want more meat. But mushrooms are mostly just there, though I do enjoy the simple taste of some mushroom slices on a pizza.All in all, it's great to come here to experiment. We like to stick to the same thing because we enjoy what they give us, and we seem to have the combination of toppings that we know we like.Oh! Also, don't eat too much, especially if you want to save some room for dessert! Their cheesecakes are fantastic, and there are at least two seasonal types that you don't want to miss once they're gone until the next year!Grimaldi's is fantastic! :) Eat with a group, or eat by yourself; it's great either way!
5	Deserves an update! I strolled up to the bar one afternoon a few weeks ago for lunch.  I was getting an oil change at Walmart and needed to kill some time.  Sat at the outdoor part of the bar and had fantastic service.  The bartender (Ken??) was so cool and hooked us up with several wine tastings.  Very friendly without being annoying and the food was delicious per usual.
4	Delicious pizza! We go here and get a pepperoni pizza with extra pepperoni. It is very good. My only negative is the waiters and waitresses. They are kind of obnoxious. I think this place is fantastic.
2	If you think this is "NY style pizza" , you're on drugs. In NYC there are about 3 chains exactly like Grimaldis, and the best of which is probably Patsys. I guess this place is OK as far as vegas standards are concerned, but if this is the best pizza you've ever had, i feel for you. Do yourself a favor and drive down to Durango, right before the 215, and grab a pie from La Familia. Thank me later. Side note: Went here about 3 months ago....service was terrible but the pizza was good.
2	The last several times we've had Grimaldi's we haven't been overly impressed with the pizza quality, lack of toppings, and the cost to value ratio just plain sucks. Last night we ordered 2 large 2 topping pizzas curb side for a measly $42.After getting both pizzas home and opening the boxes we were presented with 2 pizzas that barely had enough mushrooms to even qualify as having them as a topping. Maybe if you combined the mushrooms from both of them you could've actually had enough for one. There was a decent amount of onions so no complaints there.My wife and I can wolf down one of their pizzas with ease if that gives you any idea as to how filling they are, they aren't. The taste is good, the employees have always been friendly but the value is not there and in these times cost to value ratio matters a lot more than it used to.
3	Definitely NOT the original. I went to the one in Brooklyn, better than the LV one.LV one too crispy. They also served another table our salad. Sauce was bland. I like the original better.
2	I wasn't that impressed with the pizza.  I didn't like it at all. Maybe it was a bad night which is why I may try it again.
5	Finally figured out that the awesome bartender's name is Kurt!  Ordered a pizza to go and when we got there to pick it up the hostess forgot to put the order in.  We were totally content to sit at the bar for a glass of wine while we waited for our pizza, but Kurt's customer service went above and beyond.  He hooked us up with dessert and comped our pizza!  Totally unexpected and not necessary but this type of customer service is rare these days!  Love Grimaldi's even more now, especially with employees like Kurt who rock!
5	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.My brother treated me to Grimaldi's one afternoon and it was AMAZING. We got a large pizza with ricotta, pepperoni, ham, and the red sauce. That ricotta cheese made every bite SO creamy and delicious! We ended up eating the entire thing! We also each ordered a slice of cheesecake, I got the original new york style and my brother got the oreo. Mine was tangy and his was super chocolatey! I will definitely be coming back for more!
5	So my store was having issues figuring out where to have our Christmas party. We had a plan set and a date but things fell through a week before and we needed to find somewhere casual, relatively cheap, and good for a group... But we needed to find it fast. Within a day, we had our group reservation booked at Grimaldi's. They really hooked us up; we had a huge table in the back (nice and quiet with lots of space) and the staff was so helpful and nice. Our bill came in WAY under our budget and we were all full (this included salads, beverages, pizza, and desserts). Best store Christmas party ever!!!!
5	I'm a Pizza Nazi. There are very few pizza places I actually approve of. Give me real NY pizza or give me death.Can I tell you how happy it makes me to live 5 minutes from Grimaldi's? This is real NY pizza cooked in a coal fire oven. What more can you ask for?But there's more. Great atmosphere, excellent service, decent wine. And it's inexpensive. Oh, and don't miss the frozen custard place right next door for dessert.
3	I finally ate at this restaurant.  After being seated, we waited for a few minutes.  Another table was seated a few moments later, and within two minutes their table was touched.  Another table was seated about five minutes after that table.  Within three minutes, that table was touched and the first table got their drinks.  In a span of twelve minutes, two tables were taken care of and we were completely ignored!  We let the floor manager know and she apologized and sent a server our way.  Everything after that went smoothly.We had the antipasto, Grimaldi's house salad and shared a small white with garlic pizza.  YUMMY!  Also, our server gave us complimentary cheesecake (New York style and oreo) slices for the hiccup earlier.  Basically, the food is excellent but the service needs help.
2	Although the pizza was decent it isn't anything to wrote home about.  I would have rated it with more stars but for the price you pay for a pie I think 2 stars is about right.  You can definitely find a similar pizza here in town for a cheaper price.
5	The pizza is mouth watering and  refreshing.  The service is 5 star and if it isn't right, they make it right and you are very pleased with your experience when you walk out the door.
5	I'm from Chicago. Alright, from that you already know I love me some deep dish pizza.but I DO occasionally enjoy your New York style crust.  After getting recommendations from friends that visited the original "under the Brooklyn bridge" location we had to try it.  Starters:Salads are good. Nothing to rave about but a nice starter. Both the house and Caesar are well tossed with crisp lettuce and not drowned in dressing. If your a  Caprese salad fan, this is a good choice as well, with healthy slices of buffalo moz  and fresh tomatoes drizzled with the right amount of oil and vinegar.PIZZA:I LOVE PIZZA! and I LOVE GRIMALDI's.  bold words coming from a Chicago native...We have tried all of the sauces (red, white with garlic, and pesto) and although they are all delicious, I just love the standard red sauce.  Top it with Pepperoni (old world style full of flavor), mushrooms, and roasted sweet red peppers (peppers are roasted in house! and has a perfect blend of sweet to compliment the saltiness of the pepperoni). Instead of  large try ordering two personal pizza (one red and one white or pesto) to get a good variety! it's still a lot of pizza for 2 despite it's name of "personal", this isn't your airport pizza hut to-go personal portion!We always do red with the above mentioned ingredients and a white pizza with sausage!I love that they put fresh basil in the middle for that added little smack of flavor in your first bite!Desert:In house made Cheesecake? YES PLEASE! I love the classic new york style with raspberry drizzle! (i've heard the turtle cheesecake is FTW also). Delicious and creamy, i think i heard angels sing as i took my first bite (maybe sounded like a combination of fergie and Jesus! Step bros anyone?) We asked why it was so good, they said they use sour cream in it. Really? that's it? no tears from a unicorn? no bottled baby's laughter? ok...Price is a little high for a casual pizza but you get what you pay for. $10 for a cardboard ketchup pizza from your local chain? or spend $23 on a pizza that you won't forget.Service is usually good, no complaints.  One thing is, i recommend to eat in! Since the pizza is thin, you lose the crispness of the crust and it tends to get cold quick! so you better live less than 5 minutes away if your carrying out..OVERALL RECOMMEND! EAT GOOD FOOD!
5	This is the pizza by which all other pizza is judged. Period!  Coal-fired oven + fresh mozz + San Marzano tomatoes = pizza perfection.
5	This joint is all that and a bag of chips.  Pricier side for its pizza fo sho, but no worries, as many others have stated, one gets what he/she pays for.  These folks are all about NYC thin crust and I'm totally cool with that.  Real deal, gourmet level pizza (without rididiculous toppings like prawns and white truffles).  Expect to spend in the neighborhood of 20 bones (a pricey neighborhood) for a basic large pizza, but the quality of sauce, crust, and toppings are definitely top shelf.  Crispy/chewy crust, dang, these people just plain know how to get the job done! The fresh basil totally kicks it up a notch and is so noticeable that you'll say something out loud about it.Overall, my wallet wouldn't be able to handle me eating here as often as I'd like,  yet I wouldn't mind developing a little credit card debt if I could have their pizza more often.  It's seriously that good.Customer service was just fine, no complaints whatsoever.Full bar, lots of other dishes too...but I don't go to a top shelf pizza joint to drink or to eat a frickin' salad.  I go for the pizza, as you should too.  If you haven't been, put it on your bucket list and then make your own dreams come true.
4	I went to lunch here with my cousin (who is a native to the land of Vegas).  He recommended this spot as a great place to share a pie.  We split a small half cheese half pepperoni which ended up being more than enough for the both of us.  The location in the Fashion Show mall seemed like it was busy quite often, but they handled the rush perfectly.  The service was impeccable and the food was, in a word, delectable.  I look forward to returning to this pizza destination when I return to Sin City.
5	Delicious! The pizza is amazing and so is the staff. Great atmosphere with no crazy party boys and girls from the Strip. I missed the chance to go to Grimaldi's when I was in Brooklyn, but thank god I found it in Vegas. The pizza is simple and tasty. Our waiter, Alex, was fantastic as we chatted him up a bit about the city. Our favorite: The pepperoni pizza with fresh tomatoes and mushrooms. Friggin' awesome. Not too greasy, not overly salty. The crust had a nice crunch but still foldable. The sauce was just right - it accentuated the ingredients but still had a nice flavor on its own.Definitely worth the trip!
5	Best Pizza Ever!Okay..probably not..but it's damn good! Fresh pizza made to order with whatever toppings you wants. I dont know if its the dough, the sauce or the incredible toppings but the combination of it all works! And works well! I'm glad it didnt take me too long after moving to vegas to find this place!
5	I consider myself a bit of a pizza snob. I've had a lot of pizza over the years and have become very biased. When I first visited Grimaldi's I read the reviews here on Yelp and I'm like yeah, right, whatever. This review covers 3 visits. And all 3 experiences were consistent in being excellent each time. Service is impeccable. The decor is nice. But who cares about that. They have a coal fired oven, and they dang sure know how to use it. Each pizza I've had came out with these little faint, whispery smoke trails on the crust from that oven, and that crust was so good I didn't leave any of it behind. Not once. The toppings are fresh, flavorful, and good. When the pizzas came out they looked like works of art, literally the visual appeal and then the aroma delights the senses. But a couple of bites in and you will understand...Pricey? You bet. Worth it? In my opinion absolutely yes. Will I go back? Without a doubt. Is it the best pizza in Las Vegas? Settebello gives them competition, and I've got more exploring to do but so far from what I've found Grimaldi's is going to be hard to beat. It's worth the time to seek this place out. Don't let the upscale strip mall location scare off you out of towners.this is worthy of taking a cab ride off the strip to check out. 5 Stars...Earned and given without any hesitation.
5	Best pizza I have had in Vegas. Very good brick oven new york style pizza.
2	We ordered half white and half regular large pizza with mushrooms, ham, and sausage. I can't really see what all the hype is about with Grimaldi's. In my opinion, the pizzas were alright. Nothing that I would crave or go back to again. Service was great, though. But overall, just an overpriced pizza joint experience.
4	I've been to the Grimaldi's on Eastern twice before, but this was my first time at the Rainbow location. I cashed in a free large pizza with one topping pizza sent via email when you join their free online membership. I haven't been thrilled with the sausage on past visits so I had the pepperoni this time. It's hard to get excited over Hormel, but I did like the thick slices. The crust was better than ever before. It was crisp throughout, so often I've had soggy centers. I adore their mozzarella. It was a tasty pie. Service was quick and friendly.
3	We were big fans of Grimaldi's... We go 3-4 times per month and are always referring it to our friends, fam and business associates. I love the atmosphere, and the service and food is fantastic (usually). Tonight was the first disappointment in both. The server was great, the pizza and service from the manager was not-so-great. We always order the same thing so we're used to how great it is. But when our pizza came out this time, it had a pitiful display of the least artichokes we've ever seen (about a quarter the usual amount). We only order it on half and since it's a $4 extra charge we always ask to have the full portion on the one side. When it came out with barely any we joked "Wow, the cook really skimped out on us tonight." We really weren't that mad, but our server brought the manager (Joanne - sp?) over and said we should let her know. Instead of being apologetic or doing anything to help, the manager blamed it on the regional manager, explained that this is how it would be from now on, and stated we should "Get used to it." We were upset by this since it was anything but the great experience we're used to and talk up to friends. Normally we would have shrugged it off and considered it a one-time thing, but apparently we should expect to be disappointed by Grimaldi's from here on out.
5	Love Grimaldi pizza and salads! I think the crust and just the whole thin crust style  NY style pizza. Devine! The pizza sauce is on point so much depth too it then just tomatoes taste the hints of herbs and lot of flavor. The mozzarella believe buffalo combine with toppings brings it full circle. I prefer only put two topping or less because since then crust pizza last thing want weight it down with toppings. The topping from the pepperoni (like not the then slice circle ones see at mass market pizza joints) nice big ones, sausage nice thin sliced pieces, and toppings all fresh nothing see in mass market aka pizza huts of the world. My favorite is pepperoni and sausage on my pie. The salads are really good! I had both the caesar and mediterranean salad. Mediterranean salad is Winner! It nice fresh full salad with cucumbers, greek blacks olives, red onions, tomatoes, and feta cheese. They offer you fresh cracked black pepper when salad arrives not always automatic in many restaurants. I never have room for desserts time finish meal.What II really enjoy about the menu is its simplicity. It straight forward about the pie, salad, and desserts. This day and age seems more and more restaurants have huge menus. So too get that true sense of a new york family ma and pa pizza joint adds too the dining experience. The atmosphere not have more of brooklyn feeling too it with all the new york city pics and checker board red and white table linen. The lights are pretty cool concept with the empty wine bottles.I am big fan of Grimaldi! It only pizza eat now if need too get my pie fix in!!
5	Can I say YUM???  This was the cheapest and the best meal I had in Las Vegas.   Grimaldi's features pizza and salads.   I got a large pepperoni pizza.  It was enough for my husband and I to eat the entire thing (we were starving though).   If you weren't that hungry you'd have a couple of slices for leftovers the next day.   The crust is to die for.   Crispy, thin, and oven baked.    The cheese and sauce is on key.   Caesar salad was good but I wish I would have tried the Mediterranean.  The dressing was missing a key ingredient (anchovies).     Never ending refills on the soda.   We had a very nice waitress and busboy who checked in on us often but not so much that it was annoying.   It was nice to encounter employees who are happy at their jobs.   We also sat outside and it was very clean and inviting.   Total bill was less than 35 dollars for two people.   We are customers for life!
5	I really want to hate this place for several reasons...1.The decor is comforting and not pretentious.2. The service is good but, not in your face obnoxious.3. They have a bar with a limited liqour selection and a generous wine list with plenty of by the glass or by the bottle selections.4. Weather permitting (majority of the year), they open the doors to the bar, which transforms it into an open-air dining/bar experience.5. The pizza is awesome!     a) Tasty, thin, chewy crust.     b) Addicting red sauce.     c) Fresh sliced mozzarella.     d) Extra toppings are delectable.     e) Perfect cheese to sauce ratio.6. Generous salad portions, a small is enough for three.     a) Caesar salad is pretty yummy.7. They have five convenient locations around the valley for easy access (hence we dine or do take out here about once a week).There's just something about the pizza that makes me go WOW.  I can't put my finger on it (no pun intended) but, it drives me wild; some may even say it's better than sex. :-X  Anyway, I usually crave Grimaldi's pie at least once a week (ugh).  Since my last visit, my addiction has grown even wilder.  I normally don't stray from the usual plain and/or pepperoni pies because, a good pie doesn't need anything more.  This last visit time I tried a small "Christmas pizza" as the bartender called it.  A regular plain pie with pesto and pepperoni.  If you know me well, I'm a glutton, so I also ordered a large plain pie.   Holy pepperoni, the Christmas pie was stupidly awesome!  That night I restrained myself and only ate two of the Christmas slices and about four of the plain; that's how good Grimaldi's is.  Yes, I understand it is a chain restaurant but, eating at chain restaurants ensure consistency.  Consistency is something to be desired when it comes to food.  Their prices are also consistent at all of their Vegas locations: Plain Piesmall $9 medium $14large $16$2-5 per extra toppingsTo sum it all up, a nice caesar, a couple of good pies, and a decent bottle will run you about $100.  TOTALLY worth it!So all of the above is why I hate Grimaldi's.  I'll probably go tonight :X
5	Great NY pizza...
5	I couldn't believe my eyes when I seen that Grimaldi's is in Vegas!  I had watched a show on the food network about the original in Brooklyn so we were starved and decided to go pronto.  Our waitress was great, she explained that all ingredients were flown in from NY to make their masterpiece.  The pizza is pricey, each topping is $2, but it's totally worth every penny.  We also shared a small salad, enough for three.  The decor is great, many pictures of Brooklyn.... BK is in tha house for sure!  I will be craving this pizza pie for many days to come, thin crust, coal oven baked deliciousness.  The house red is also really tasty.  Can't wait to go back, this will be a must do place from now on!
5	O.k., it's in a mall and pizza was not the greatest in the world, but this place exceeded my expectations.  FIrst, service was great.  Went there with 4 kids, and very friendly and competent waiter brought them small rounds of dough with a pizza pan.  What a great, simple idea.  The dough occupied all children (ages 3-9) the entire meal.  THey made fake pies, desserts, etc.  Next, I could not choose between two white wines and waiter described them like he knew them and then offered me a taste of each. Wow.  Again, very simple and inexpensive for the restaurant, but meant so much to me.  They won me over at this point.  Again, when I was thinking of a red wine to have with pizza, he gave me a taste of a delicious blend from Paso Robles.  Pizzas were good.  We had two, both with red sauce.  One with sausage, the other with meatballs, ricotta and garlic on half, the other half being olives and mushrooms.  Tasty and fresh.  Sauce is a little sweet and not herbified with oregano or thyme.  People can endlessly argue about pizza styles, sauce, etc., and I am one them, and, I can say a sweeter sauce is usually not my style, but I found the sauce pretty good.  The crust was a littler thicker then I expected, but was cooked until dark and crispy.  Overall a B+ pizza.  The garden salad was $5 and was fresh and big enough for me and my two kids.  I did not eat dessert, but friends said cheesecake very good.  This is a solid place with great customer service.
4	I started with antipasta and the a delicious pizza. Had a glass of the white Sangria which was nice n refreshing.  our server was very friendly and the manager even touched the table. Great job
4	very very tasty pizza, expensive yes but i enjoyed every bite :]  .. still not as good as original grimaldis in Brooklyn but close enough.
4	More charming than expected.After seeing their pizza prices (externally) I felt queasy about the potential value proposition. I mean, the large pizza is ~16 bucks and toppings start at another $2 and a lot are $4. There's no thick crust here and thin crust pizza doesn't go as far. I was a little scared, however someone else offered to pay and the best kind of overpriced pizza is the kind you don't pay for, so why not?Firstly they offered my toddler pizza dough to play with. This is a surprisingly good and original call. Kept him distracted for like five minutes, which of course is equivalent to a normal human year in toddler attention span. The beer list is solid with several choices from Deschutes. Also they serve their Sam Adams in the perfect Pint glasses which is really impressive. The salads are solid. No doubt about that and reasonably priced as well. The Pizza is extremely spectacular and seems authentic. I stopped thinking of it as overpriced. Then they informed me that didn't have ranch. What the eff country do they think they're in? Anyways... We got three people out of there eating well and drinking well (except for the Toddler, he's trying to cut down on his alcohol) for $51 bones. Not terrible at all.There's a friendly charm to the place; there were lots of families, lots of bright happy windows and a neat outdoor seating area. Also many people inside were unusually good looking both from the staff and the clientele. One of the waitresses looks like what Megan Fox would look like if she was a pizza waitress. Same expression too. If they give a discount to good looking people I didn't get one, sadly. However good for them for keeping up their standards.Will return: most likely to drink beer on the patio, but at least during the day to enjoy the glorious sunshine the place gets.
5	I love their pizza. Best in vegas yet!!!! I'm Italian from Brooklyn NY and it takes a lot to please me with pizza :)
5	These guys have somehow greased the palms of the politicians here in Las Vegas, because they're the only pizzaria in Las Vegas that I know of that has a permit to operate a coal oven!  That's the secret!  The intense heat of the coal and the flavor it adds to the dough make allow for an ultra-thin crust to be crisped in minutes while perfectly cooking the toppings.  I would pay to have a pizza of good quality done right.  They don't murder you like other restaurants in this town do; however, I feel you get a pretty good quality pizza from these guys vs. other's.  Decide for yourself
5	Grimaldi's is my all-time favorite pizza in town. Due Forni almost stole my heart a couple months back, but I always return to my first love. My girl introduced me to this place when we first started dating and I've been hooked ever since. We usually get the pepperoni well-done with a side salad to share, but you can't really go wrong with any of the food here. If you're a sports lover like me, make sure you get a chair facing the bar to catch a game or two while enjoying a Blue Moon and some delicious pizza pie.
2	We just ate here for my husband's birthday. Surprisingly, the pizza was one of the best pies I've had at a Grimaldi's, unfortunately, service was seriously lacking. The waiter never introduced himself, just took our order, and never came back until it was time for our check. Our total was $8.65 because of our birthday pizza coupon and I was planning on leaving the standard 15% (on the full amount) even though the guy didn't do much, but he came back with a 10 and two 1's. I sat there waiting for 10 minutes until the lady trying to bus my table asked if I needed something. He finally came back and I told him I needed to break the $10. So, he gave me 2 $5's. 15% of $26 is NOT $5, or $10. I hate feeling pressured to leave more than this person deserves, so I left him nothing. Sorry guy. There was a cool balloon animal lady there who made my daughter a Hello Kitty balloon hat! She got the $2 tip from the change that he gave me because that guy wasted 10 minutes of my time. I would have given 4 stars (house salad was not very good, definitely opt for Mediterranean if you're not one for oil covered lettuce, a lot of red onion, 2 tomatoes & 3 olives) if the service hadn't been completely terrible, but alas, it was completely terrible.
4	Very good thin crust pizza. The personal size will allow you to take half home with you, so portions are generous depending on your appetite. I was disappointed that they do not have wifi.
5	ave you ever hung out with a group of friends and one of them starts off a conversation with," Hey have you ever been to (insert place here) " and everyone in your group gets excited and its like a mini roaring of the crowd with everyone raving about it? I have been in that situation multiple times and the place they are talking about is Gramaldis and I am the guy that sits there with that awkward laugh basically saying," oh yeah, I know what you mean...." When in all reality I had no clue.  Well guess what suckas, I have a clue now.  We decided to hit this location on a Sunday afternoon and grab what I have heard is the best pizza in town, I've heard that a lot and I'm not sure that I fully agree but it is definitely not due to a lack in quality or anything like that, it is just personal preference, I like thick pizza. Now lets be fair and look past the personal part of the review.  On to the pizza!!The pizza for what it is advertised as is amazing, it is a very thin New York style pizza with fresh rounds of Mozzarella and whatever toppings you ask for. Not only is the pizza made with quality ingredients so are the salads. We ordered a salad to share and an antipasto appetizer and all of it was super fresh and crisp. I know that doesn't say too much when it comes to a salad and antipasto but trust me I have had mozzarella that was not so good before. Since we know that the pizza and appetizers were correct and fresh the service would be the next item of conversation. The server was great, keeping our drinks full and making sure that we had everything we needed and basically handing us a slap on the hand when we asked for Ranch... That look of we don't have ranch here was priceless. I guess the thought of me defacing a true slice of New York Pizza would have put me on the goombas hit list. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that is a fan of thin New York Pizza, but it leaves me on the hunt for a great slice of Chicago style pizza.
5	My co-worker brought this place to my attention. He said, and I quote, "For the best thin crust pizza you will ever have, go to Grimaldi's!" At that time I was thinking thin crust is just thin crust. So when me, my wife, and a friend were hungry for lunch, I remembered my co-worker's quote so off we went to this location.From the moment we pull up to the front door, the hostess was there holding the door open for us, greeted us politely, and sat us down right away. Our server, Kent (who was very nice and cordial), told us everything we needed to know once we told him we were first timers. Their menu is simple to read and understand, especially after Kent explained it to us in further detail. We got the large (18 inch) with pepperoni, mushrooms, and garlic. One bite from my slice and I was in heaven. From that point on, I knew this was gonna be the measuring stick for any thin crust pizzas I eat from now on. The prices are just a little more than your average pizza joint. But with that said, it's actually worth it according to what my stomach told me. This is probably the only place that I don't mind spending extra not having to think twice about it. It's that good!The service was outstanding. I didnt have to ask for anything! Refiils were constant and we were constantly being checked on. If this was any indication of service from all their locations, then I can't wait to eat at the next location! Hay, even their bathroom was nice and clean! That's a bonus!So if you got this far down in my review then, what are you doing? Go eat at Grimaldi's! You will not be disappointed!
5	I found this place using Yelp ;) It had the best reviews and there was one close by our timeshare on the south end of the strip. There are 5 Grimaldi's locations in Las Vegas. We called in a carry out order at the Rainbow St. location. At this location they have parking spaces assigned for carry out, you pull up and they bring out your order ......very convenient.I never had coal brick before (none where I live) so I don't have anything to compare it too but that doesn't change this fact that this pizza was DELICIOUS!!! I believe the best I ever had. I'm a total pizza junkie.... HONESTLY, I can eat it daily (but I don't) it was thin, crispy and not greasy at all! The ingredients were very fresh & it was cooked to perfection. Our family ordered 2 large pizzas, one pepperoni and the other pepperoni, jalapenos & mushroom. My only complaint was they put very little mushrooms on our pizza and for $2.00 per topping I expected more mushrooms. All the other topping were fine just very short on the mushrooms. I thought the price was fair although I think that $2.00 per topping is a bit steep. We kept our pizza pretty basic because it can add up fast. It came to about $50.00 for 2 pizzas, as expected for "restaurant quality" pizza. I'm a firm believer in "You get what you pay for". If you're looking for GREAT not good pizza then this is the place. I'm sad they don't have one in Cali but I will come back..................Just for the pizza :)
4	I got take out this time.  Ray was our take out person/bartender. Really nice guy, very helpful and didn't rush us.  We got a Grimaldi house salad and large white with fresh basil and tomatoes, which was the good quality I come to expect.
5	The best pizza!
5	It turns out my previous review was a one-time disappointment - which is a relief since this is our absolute FAVORITE pizza place! We've been back many many times since and received the same incredible food and service (we lovvve the servers here) that originally made us fall in love with Grimaldi's. :-)Food: The crust on their pizza = perfection! If you're a dipper like me - Grimaldi's doesn't have ranch dressing, but I've found their casear dressing works great as a dip for the pizza crust. We always get a small Caesar Salad as an appetizer. Their salad is simple yet delicious and the 'small' size will easily feed 2 - 3 people as a side dish.In addition to food and service, we love the atmosphere here: dim lighting with wine-bottle chandeliers and cool decor on the inside, or on summer evenings when it's not too hot take advantage of the cute outdoor patio!
4	I've taken away a star because, although I still love the pizza, the service is ALWAYS subpar.  For instance, tonight we sat for fifteen minutes before the waitress realized that she forgot about us.  Then, once the pizza came, we weren't checked on once... my glass remained empty for the entirety of the dinner.  When we asked for the check, the waitress looked at us with this confused look.  Apparently she thought we already paid... turns out, she charged someone else's card for our pizza.  It was a MESS.  It's always like this.  We've had several meals comped for bad service over the last couple of years.  In fact, I can't actually say that I remember EVER having exceptional service here.Step it up, Grimaldi's!  I love you, but you gotta earn that fifth star!
5	We had a lg pesto pizza with grilled chicken and artichoke hearts for 35. - FANTASTIC service! I was amazed with the waiter's knowledge about the pizza. Being a first timer, Ken introduced us the way of Grimaldis. Attentative to every detail, he explained how their pizza is different and also gave good recommendations. I didn't even have to ask for a refill. - Pizza was delightful. The water is the difference! lol. Right pH makes the dough crispy and light. Served hot and fresh to us, the waiter even placed the first slice on our plate. Fancy.- Toppings add up. $5 grilled chicken and $4 artichoke hearts. Hits hard for students. haha. - Free magnets! 1/2 off wine on Tuesday.
5	OMG!!!I LOVE this place!!!!!!!After reading all the wonderful reviews me and my friend Traci P have been wanting to try this place for a while and we finally did the other day.Let me tell you there food is amazing, delicious, marvelous, wonderful...you get the point.We were promptly greeted by our wonderful waitress Denise, she had asked if we had eaten here before and we said no so she explained how it work and how to order she was very informative which I loved. I ordered the personal size pesto pizza with meatballs. This by far is probably the best pizza Ive ever tasted in my life! The crust is hand tossed and whatever dough they use is scrumptious, they topped that with the delicious creamy pesto sauce and generous amount of mozzarella cheese and the out of this world meatballs! You can tell they use all fresh ingredients and good quality products. The whole pizza went together very well I couldn't stop eating I ate til I was sick that's how good this pizza was. Even though I was stuffed from the wonderful pizza I had to order dessert I'm not only a sucker for desserts and have the worlds biggest sweet tooth but there homemade!!!I ordered a oreo cheese cake, this piece of heaven melted in my mouth it was creamy fluffy goodness. I live less then 5 minutes from this restaurant and cant believe Ive been missing out on this place.I cant wait to return here again, cant go wrong with great food and awesome service.
4	Let me get this  out of the way, the website is a hot mess.Pizza here is almost as good as the NYC location. Betting the water is the difference. Seriously, it does affect taste. That aside, prices are great. Kind of sad they have given in and use Hormel products vs making their own (or using higher quality ones).Ok wtf, charging for extra sauce? And at $2? Tsk tsk.
3	I recently had lunch with a friend here. She lives by another Grimaldi's and raves about the food, but that location is too far for a workday lunch... We started with sangria. It was not premade as any good sangria is, so the flavors of the wine and fruit can blend. Speaking of fruit, that was lacking as well. I am used to sangria having pieces of fruit that one can eat, this just had sliced of orange and lemon that should have been used as garnish only.We split a small caesar salad, the small was enough to feed two ladies that are trying to watch their figure (sorta!) but for heavy eaters it may not be enough to split. Also split a small pizza, half white with no toppings and the other have red with mushrooms. The pizza was cooked perfectly, I love the thin and crispy crust. I really enjoyed the delicious garlic flavor of white side, which had the perfect amount of cheese. However, the other side did very little for me.. I just didn't care for the flavor of the red sauce.I still would like to go back and give the pesto style pizza a try. Won't waste money or calories on the sangria. For the time being I can not justify anymore then a 3 star rating, but I won't be the least bit surprised if I find myself updating this review to add another star after another visit or two.
4	Went in on a Thursday Evening.  Wasn't too busy and was seated right away.  Female server was prompt and attentive but not overbearing or pushy like some places.  She took our order of a large sausage pizza.  Took about 15-20 minutes for the pizza to arrive.  Pizza was very good.  Some people are sadists and want their food piping hot when it's delivered so they can shovel it in right away and scald their mouths.  I, on the other hand, prefer my food to warm and hot but comfortably edible when it arrives.  Our pizza was brought to the table this way so that it was imediately edible, which was nice.  I do not like to have to sit and wait for 10 minutes for my food to cool down before eating.  As we finished our meal, I noticed the restaurant begin to fill up.  It was a nice family atmosphere.  Received our check in a timely manner and was processed in a timely manner as well.  We received drink refills as needed and did not have to wait very long for refills.  Overall, a good experience and great food.  Prices are reasonable; however, can get pricey depending on how many toppings you desire.  Parking could be an issue if it is busy.  The restaurant shares a parking are with a Hooter's restaurant that is about 4 spaces over.  The parking area is somewhat small for size of the business center as well as the types of businesses in the complex.
5	I'm in love here! Service, food, salad and atmosphere are all 5 stars! This place is a close second to Lombardi's in NY. Thats no knock on this place, it's a HUGE compliment in my book. Lombardi's is second-to-none and I put this place right up there. I was amazed. This is my new favorite pizza joint anywhere!! Great job to my servers/bartender. Will def be back. Peace!!!
5	This is always my go-to place for pizza. I have never been disappointed by this location or Grimaldi's in general. The pizza is always cooked perfectly and the service is always wonderful. The coal brick oven is my favorite cooking style for pizza and it never takes more than 10-15 minutes for the pizza to be ready. PERFECTION. We always order a large pizza with pepperoni, garlic, and onions. Never fails. Always hits the spot. I probably eat here at least twice a month and it would be more often if I wasn't watching my girlish figure. ;)PS: Sign up for their mailing list/VIP program : YOU GET A FREE LARGE PIZZA ON YOUR BIRTHDAY and they sometimes email you coupons! :)
5	Other than a wobbly table, this place has great service, scrumptious pizza with best crispy crust ever and cheesecake to swoon over.
4	Love the crust and sauce! Not too thin nor thick, just the right amount of crisp. My husband and I split an order of a salad and a small personal size pizza with pepperoni and sausage. Would have liked to try their pesto sauce but loved what we had ordered so much the first time that we went back twice in the 2 weeks we were there and ordered the same thing. Our favorite pizza joint when visiting LV.
2	Went there about 3 times but the last time we went seemed like they are cutting back on hoppings. We ordered mushrooms, onions abs garlic. Barely any mushrooms were on the pizza, the garlic was MINCED. So basically it was an onion pizza with barely any sauce also. I can see why they charge for extra sauce.
5	Hands down, my favorite pizza in town.  I was even blessed to try their original New York location (though the dough their is even more thin, like a cracker).This pizza is best enjoyed right out of the oven.  Yes, they offer take out, but don't do it!  If they cook it right (you have to ask for well done) it's perfect.  I love that it's not greasy shredded mozzarella, but fresh mozzarella.  Try it sprinkled with garlic powder! The only thing I can say that is missing is a hot appetizer.  If they offered calamari or something, I would truly be in heaven.Tuesday is half off wine night (if I'm not mistaken!).  Amen for that!
4	I have a very love-hate relationship with this place. More love than hate.First of all - you'll notice it is really expensive. Unnecessarily expensive. It's good. But not that good. Topping prices will make you raise a brow. However, I think they do that so you don't order more toppings. Why? Because I've tried ordering many toppings. What results is a pizza that is rather limp and too heavy for its own good.On that note, if you order the pizza with one or two toppings only - you are golden. You'll enjoy a thin, high quality pizza with a little crunch. Service is usually good, and the atmosphere is that of the east coast.It isn't my favorite pizza in the city, but it's pretty close.
5	NOM NOM!! I'd opt for the original marinara sauce vs the pesto.  Watch the jalopenos, they're spicy!
4	I had learned about Grimaldi's on some food tv or travel channel show. Figuring I may never get to NYC and having learned that they have locations in Vegas I decided my next trip to Vegas I would come here. The pizza here is pretty awesome. I love thin crust pizza and Grimaldi's does it well. I can imagine that the pizza at the original location in Brooklyn must be incredible. So why the 4 stars?? well, I still think the pizza at Village Pizzaria in Larchmont Village in Los Angeles does it better. But by no means is there anything wrong with the pizza here. By far this is probably the best pizza in Vegas. And the service was great. Got a really sweet and cute waitress who made me feel welcome.
5	After having BJs the night before I wasn't sure how great of an idea Grimaldis was, but I had been wanting to try it for months and my family said they were game. I thank God that they did. Talk about top notch ingredients and fresh right out of the oven super crispy pizza. The service was excellent, as was the atmosphere. This is a place I could easily make a once a week spot. Believe the hype on this one and come try it.
4	It's a chain and I'm a fan. If you like other Grimaldi's (and I do) then you'll like this one. I love their thin crust and it's blistered and charred texture. I'm still not a fan of their pricing -- toppings are the same price no matter if you get a small or large pizza -- but I can overlook that when eating some good pie. We got a white pizza with onions, mushrooms, and pepperoni. Delicious! They skimped on the pepperoni, though.The place is kid-friendly, of course, and I like how they give kids some pizza dough to play with. It not only kept my little guy busy but educated him about the food he was eating. Telling him where his food comes from was kind of like a "birds and bees" conversation, but less awkward.The relatively high pricing prohibits this place from being in our regular rotation, but it's great to have occasionally.
5	Best pizza ever! I've tried many kinds of pizza from east coast to west coast. This place is hands down the best. Caesar salad is great! For pizza, get the white garlic with mushroom, sausage and pepperoni. 3 toppings are enough for pizza. All the ingredients are fresh. I even tired Grimaldi's in Texas and wherever city you go for Grimaldi's, it always taste the same.
5	If your ever craving a great high quality pizza this is the place to go. I love everything I've tried here so far! Highly recommended.
1	Ok I have to apologize to Julie T if you're reading this, I'm sorry! Don't be mad at me! I lied to you, I said I liked it.  I was probably one of the last in Vegas to try their pizza but I had heard such negative reviews from people I had no desire. But the opportunity came up when my friend and her bf (this is his fav place) invited me, so of course I accepted. Anyways...immediate 1 star for patio seating (and I love love love the white Xmas type lights hanging from the lattice) and for it being Tuesday tasting (half of glasses of wine) I did enjoy my wine. No stars for food.The pizza looked decent when it came out. Nice big bubbly pieces of cheese, fresh basil on top, looks good?! Well my friend had told me that the ricotta was sweet, I wasn't quite prepared for the taste of it. I wasn't down with sweet ricotta on my pizza. The sauce had no flavor, at least the pepperoni gave it some. I asked the server for a side of ranch "we don't serve ranch, our pizza doesn't need it" uh huh, I beg to differ. This is for corporate pizza lovers who don't know any better.  Once again, to each their own, but I will never return.
4	It's not quite the same as the one in NY but it's very good. You definitely should try the reg pizza with pesto and pepperoni. I'm not a huge fan of pesto but this combo works extremely well.
4	Have had NY pizza before, but this style of oven baked was definitely interesting.... okay, no....  damn good.   Definitely one of those types where you don't want to go here and fall asleep at work... type of heavy food.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas hands down!!! This is our go o pizza place.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Best pizza in Vegas!! This is our go to pizza place.  Great service, great service.
4	This place is always amazing! I recommend asking the waiter to double cut your slices :)
4	In a city filled with name brand restaurants and chefs, the best food we had was also the cheapest - Grimaldi's. Excellent pizza, excellent service. Sometimes, chains are chains for a reason - because they've got something good and are smart enough to duplicate it over and over again.
4	Amazing Food, A small pizza definitely fed 2 people, waitress never refilled my water, which made me sad, but overall great time.
5	5 stars ... Both service and the food was amazing ! Never ate here before and been hearing about it so we decided to go last minute at 10pm .. Was kinda skeptical coz they close at 11 .. Afraid that the service would be shitty coz we're the annoying guest that comes near closing .. but yet we still walk in .. Who eats pizza at 10pm on a Sunday ? Haha anyway .. We get seated and right away was greeted by our server Alex .. Told him we've never been here and he took the time to explain "the works" at Grimaldi's .. Very helpful ! We ordered Half white with sausage and ricotta and half pepperoni .. Pizza comes out and Alex apologizes because he messed up our order .. Before I could even respond he said he made a mistake and made a personal pepperoni fresh out to make up for it .. Score ! Two pizza's for the price of one ! Funny thing though out of all the Pizza's our favorite happened to be the *accidental haha .. Thanks Alex for messing up our order .. We found our new favorite combo .. We'll definitely be back at this location .. Even though they were closing we didn't feel rushed in fact they kept asking us how was everything and to take our time .. The hostess was very attentive too ! Sorry for the book but yes believe the hype .. Grimaldi's is a must try !
5	Delicious, New York-style pizza at Fashion Show mall or Palazzo.  So, so good!  The bread is a thin, crunchy crust, but not too crunchy that you hurt the inside of your mouth.  Just fantastic!  You build your own pizzas.  The white sauce is a bit too creamy, and was ordered with a calzone, so I don't recommend that.  I had a ricotta, pepperoni, artichoke hearts, and mushroom pizza on marinara sauce and it was delicious.  They also have house bread (though it's not advertised).  Apparently they have an amazing pumpkin cheesecake during the Fall but I was too stuffed from the pizza to try... but you should!!!
4	Yummy pizza and great service! I will return !!!
5	This place was great! My new favorite pizza! Prices aren't too high either which is definitely a plus. Great service and atmosphere, a must go place for any pizza lover. Pizza is thin crust "Brooklyn" style as they referred to it. The best!
1	As regular readers of my reviews both on here and my blog can tell you, there is nothing more that I hate than bad service.  Tonight, I visited this location as I have on many Mondays.  For the football season, they have had a 2 for 1 large 2 topping pizza special.  This is week 14 and I have been here for about half of the Mondays.  I have the same routine...we pick up our daughter from the bus stop and head to Grimaldi's.  Today, the server stated he did not know about the special and that he does not usually work on Monday.  I thought that was a bit strange, but just attributed that lack of knowledge about a special that has been in place for 3 1/2 months, was just poor communication.  He was friendly enough and said he would check with the manager.  No matter, I had called an hour before and made sure they were still running the special.  Soon a young blond woman approached the table and asked if we had a question.  We stated that we asked the server about the special and he didn't know about it.  She said that it was not available until 5:00.  I asked if we would be able to get it because we have many other times before and did not know about the time restriction.  She said that they should not have honored it in the past and did not offer to honor it this time.  It was 4:15 and we were told that it was going to be 30 minutes wait for them to stoke the oven, which we were willing to wait for.  We always order the same thing, a large salad, 2 large pizzas, 3 drinks and whatever cheesecake sounds good that day.  She was willing to let that business walk out the door, plus many other future visits over what...15 min?  It must be nice that business is so great that someone is willing to throw away business, not to mention tips for their servers.  I have been here at least 15-20 times and have sung their praises to many.  It ends now.  There are many other places to go.  Anyone need suggestions for other pizza joints, e-mail me.
2	I've eaten at three Grimaldi's locations and this one was by far the most disappointing experience, definitely a step below the Summerlin and Eastern locations.The pizza was blander than anything I had eaten at the other locations - the cheese seemed tasteless and the crust lacked the charred skirt that gives the trademark smoky flavor to the pie. I don't know if they just had an off day or if they're doing something differently at this location, but whatever it is, it ain't working.I actually left this Yelp review in my drafts folder for months and forgot how subpar this Grimaldi's location was. So I went back.It still sucks.Changed my original 3-star review to 2 because they still haven't gotten it right 6 months later.
4	I love everything about this pizza. The crust is better than Joe's pizza, but the sauce is not as good. That's the only drawback, but this place is fantastic. Better news, is that there's one opening in el segundo next summer. This place is a must for people who love pizza.
5	Their pizza is amazing!! The crust is a perfect thin,  cheese is  never greasy, the dressing on their Cesar salad is perfect and the cheesecakes ( I've tried Oreo, strawberry and pumpkin) are the best. I would even say  better than the eatery down the way that's named after theirs!
4	Not quite Brooklyn Bridge, but definitely worth a visit.  Menu is expanded from original but not too much.  Crust is the key here, once again close but no cigar!What to orderDo'sPepperoni Pizza-  spicy with curled edges!Extra Sauce - crushed tomatoes in BrooklynExtra fresh basil - "trust me Joshua you'll know!"Pesto Pizza - nice changeCalzone - red sauce with at least mushroomsDont'sJust one topping... Don't over think it!  At Grimaldi's less is more.  Go single topping on pizzas...focus on the simplicity of the pie!It's not Mozza not even Pitfire but it is still damn good!
5	Amazing pizza place! This is one of my boyfriends favorite places in Vegas and the reputation he set up for it was true. Great atmosphere (loved the hanging lights) good service, the food I have tried there is all high quality. Recommend their meatball pizza, calzones, and house wine.
4	I never had any coal brick oven pizza until I went here. We had the peporoni and sausage, mainly meet, but it was good.  I wish though I like the crust more though it was a little dry.  But the cheese was great.  Everything was great :)
4	The good: pizza dough was delicious. Sauce was tasty, but I wish there was more. Toppings were equally tasty. atmosphere was lively. Clean restaurant and friendly staff. The bad: It's a bit pricey and for my money I'd rather go to Dom demarco or due forni. Overall: it's good. You'll get your NY pizza fix. But it isn't over the top spectacular. If someone asked me to go I would, but it's not a place I'd openly suggest going to.
5	I LOVE this place. Simple menu. Ultra tasty pizza. Super fresh ingredients and toppings. Crust is authentic thin crust. I've had pizza all over the world and many times in Naples, Italy. This isn't far off. Grimaldi's rocks!
5	Great vibe, sit at the bar!
2	I should have been warned by the fact the place was more than 1/2 empty on a Saturday at noon. Service & decor are good But the pizza was not. Overcooked and brittle,served luke warm and very little cheese. Taste OK but nothing special,rather bland. Overpriced for what you get.
3	Just to be fair....my brother loves the pizza here, but my thoughts were that it could've been better & I've definitely had better. The service was slow & not very attentive.
5	Bomb. Amazing service and food is great from salad all the way to the dessert.
4	Grimaldi's came highly recommended to me by a friend I was dog sitting for. For the most part, I liked it. The dark furniture, the checker table cloths, the wine bottle chandeliers all provide for a nice, intimate atmoshpere. It would be a little classier with fewer windows and candle lit tables. I appreciate the black and white photos of NYC but the subway signs area bit campy. As for the food, I ordered a simple personal size pizza with meatballs and onions. It was delicious. Not as much cheese as would be on a pizza from other places I would order from. And the crust is much thinner than I typically like. It was good though. A perfect balance of crunch and chew. I had planned on bringing home half my pizza for later but the thinness of the crust did not fill me enough. That coupled with the deliciousness of it prevented me from saving any at all. I finished my pizza right there in the restaurant. I had to wait a long time as when I walked in they were just cleaning the ovens in preparation for the dinner rush. It was almost a boring wait. It would have seemed a long time were it not for the 1940's lounge tunes playing not so softly over head. I was singing right along to much of the music. That passed the time quite nicely.
1	What a joke this place is. Worst service ever. I work in food and beverage myself and cannot believe how horible the service was.Even the manager was awful.I went in for a casual lunch with a friend. This is one of our favorite spots, obviously not anymore. We start with the greek sald. Really Tasty. Pizza comes out. It is cold.Great. We dont complain since we work in the industry and its not the end of the world. We eat. We chat. We barley see our server. She looked like she was getting seated all over the restuarant. So we understand. We are low maintenace. We ordered desert. She drops the check before desert even touches the table or our pizza is even off the table. But we dont mind....at the time....Our bill is 50.27- my friend puts down 25.27 and I will put the rest on the card. We sit for about 20mins before we realize our server is not coming back. She doesnt check on our desert. basically we were forgotten about. Once we realize that we are not going to see our server again we go up at the hostess stand. We go up there and there seems to be some internal complication. At this point I am running late for an appointment. I let the server know I have to go and need to pay the check. Her answer is I do not know what is going on and walks away. Leaving me feeling like ?????  Then I approach the manager and try to explain i need to leave and if there is a complication with cash and card, then put it all on the card. She walks away from me while im speaking. Is that an okay way to treat a guest?Our pizza was cold, bad service, and now this. I will not be eating at any of the Grimaldi's locations, which is unfortunate because this used to be my favorite pizza spot.
4	I went here last night with some friends. The service we got was great, she refilled our drinks several times and even split the check for us after we forgot to tell her to. My pizza was fantastic, I got a personal pizza with artichokes and sliced tomatoes. It's a little more expensive than I would normally pay for pizza, but the ingredients were high quality and I was really pleased with it. Everyone else at the table had great reviews for what they ate. I didn't see any pizza left on the table at the end of the night. Worth repeating, just wish they had a bigger menu, it's pizza or nothing.
2	This used to be good for me 6 years ago but there are now quite a few competitors for the pizza king crown.  All of them have left this place in the dust.  We always get a well done pie with extra cheese and basil.  The sauce tasted very watered down and that pretty much killed the pie for me.  It also irked me big time to sit right next to the huge picture of Yankee Stadium (ha!).  The service was above average and they did offer a bottle of red for half price so it was only a whopping $10.  That was a nice surprise.  The pizza might taste better if you had 2 bottles.  I noticed a lot of customers going for the calzone and I will consider giving that a try the next time.  It's not like it was awful pizza but so many places have raised the bar in town so much that this wouldn't even be my fourth choice.  I know I'll be back here at some point since my wife still loves it but I am keeping my fingers crossed hoping this was just an off night.
2	We came here for lunch as a group and it was the birthday girl's pick.  We got a large antipasto, large Caesars salad with chicken, one large pizza with just pepperoni (since they don't have pineapple.  When I asked for pineapple, the server said no, we are an authentic Italian pizza place, there is no such thing as pineapple on the pizza...she could have used more tact on the way she delivered that), and one large white pizza with chicken.Everything was just average, however, the white pizza with chicken was super bland.   Would not recommend...not worth to ingest on tasteless bad carbs.I honestly think Papa Johns pizza would be better than that white pizza.  I don't think I will be coming back to Grimaldi's, unless it's the b-day person's pick...cross my fingers that it won't happen again.
3	We were staying at the Palazzo and we were craving pizza so we decided to check this place out and ordered pizza to take back to our room.  We ordered a large pizza with ricotta cheese, olives, and chicken. The pizza was pretty good, mainly because I love thin crust and I love the taste of pizzas that are baked in coal fire bricked ovens. My only complaint would be that it took 54 minutes to get our pizza, because they messed up on our order... Luckily the pizza was good.. so it made up for it.
4	Pizza is pretty tasty. Seems more to be on the healthier side. A little pricey, but not too bad. Our waitress was very polite and we enjoyed her recommendations. Solid place for pizza.
4	Never had a problem here before until this visit. Ordered a mushroom anchovies personal for lunch and it came without the mushrooms. Had to send it back but they promised to make it quick for me. The pizza arrived in a quick fashion and was correct. kind of disappointed I had to eat after my friends got their pizza. However the pizza was really good and they had a special on the Oreo cheesecake for lunch. That was delicious. It was homemade also.  Overall happy with my visit. I would recommend this eatery to my friends.
5	Let me tell you something.  This place was marvelous!!After a long day at Red Rocks we were so ready to get some grub!  This place hit the spot.  Everything was so fresh and full of flavor!  The service was prompt and friendly too!  I wish this pizza was in Houston!!My only regret was not having a bigger tummy!
5	Ive been here three times and every time my wife says its the best pizza shes ever had! It really is the best pizza in town. They also have a lot of good beers on draft to go with their great pizza. We normaly get a plain peperoni(because its still a classic, and their peperonis are delicious! ) and one with garlic, extra basil and tomatoes.  Service is always super friendly and attentive. It can sometimes take a while to get your food, but you wont mind because the atmosphere is great, no blaring music, no bright lights in your face.... great for a conversation... its costs around 60-70 ( 70-80 w tip) for my wife and I to eat and drink here. Best pizza in town, great selection of beer and wine, awesome servers and a great atmosphere make us regulars at this place. You have to try it!
4	we love grimaldis since new york. the crust is beautifully thin and chewy. this round, i ordered anchovies on the pizza and it added a nice touch to the flavor. decor wise, its the nicest decor. and plenty of tables. love their take our servie as well. stay at the palazzo hotel and you can just go downstairs to eat pizza.
4	"Al Bundy's Final Meal"Grimaldi's sits at the end of a small strip mall near 215, a few doors down from Hooters. Both places can sate what you crave, albeit one may satisfy you better on certain days. (Al Bundy once said he wanted to die with a slice in one hand and a greasy hooter in the other. Perhaps he might like this mall in his golden years.)Anyway, I was hungry for pizza and didn't want frozen or Pizza Hut/Dominos/Peter Piper, etc. I also didn't want to stop at Metro Pizza because it is kind of out of the way, although I like Metro very much. So before I left work a week ago Friday I called Grimaldi's and ordered a large pepperoni pie. I was told it would be 15 minutes.Later, I pulled into the mall lot in my Crown Vic LX with leather interior and well lit Check Engine Light(pulled the code and it ended up being the fuel rail pressure sensor). I had trouble finding a spot(happy hour at Hooters, me thinks) but eventually found one beside some homemade chuckwagon with spinners. As I walked toward the entrance a well-constructed Milfer exited the restaurant with a box in her hand, a twinkle in her eye, and a lascivious smile for me. Returning her greeting in kind(sans box, of course), I entered Grimaldi's, but not before noticing the covered outdoor seating with views of The Strip.Inside I was quickly approached by a young Asian lass with long hair and spectacles. (Good Heavens, Miss Sakamoto, you're beautiful!) She asked in a soft coo: "How can I help you?" I said I was there to pick up a pizza and she gestured with slender hand to the bar. "You can pick up your order there." I thanked her and went to the counter.It's a small bar, maybe seven or so stools, but they all faced the windows with views of The Strip. I filed the spot away as a decent place to stop and eat when on my own. I also noticed plenty of table and booth seating on the floor as well. Anyhoo, the barman had my order in an insulated zipper pack. He took it out, opened the box lid, and I saw it was what I ordered. I paid 19 bucks and went back to the car.Once at my lair I popped the box in a 200 degree oven and took a shower. Dressing quickly, I galloped downstairs, cracked open a beer and pulled my dinner from the oven. I sprinkled some oregano and crushed red pepper atop a slice and started eating.I must say I enjoyed that pizza immensely. Plenty of cheese with a good sauce that was neither too sweet nor too tangy; just right in my book. I also liked the penny-sized pieces of pepperoni, much better than the quarter or half dollar sizes you get at some places; it was also fairly thin with a nice crispness to the crust. I didn't notice any particular "coal-fired" taste but no matter, for Grimaldi's had made me a very good pizza. I ate about two-thirds and had the rest, cold, the next day for brunch. I'm glad I finally tried this place and I shall certainly return soon. Perhaps I'll see Al Bundy there next time, with both his hands occupied, running back and forth between the Grimaldi's and Hooters, complaining about Peg and reminiscing about his high school football years....
4	Thought it was delicious but still love the pizza from the Grimaldis in new york better. i think the way they are selling it in las vegas is that it is a high end pizza, at least that is what our waitress said who has not been to the one in new york. My friends said that this was the best pizza they have ever had. We ordered a pizza with meatballs, pepperoni, sausage, and mushrooms (delicious) and a pizza with basil, mozzarella and tomatoes which was also delicious.
5	I go to this place every week. The staff is AMAZING. Every week it seems to get better and better. The sausage and onion pizza is great along with their cheesecake. I highly recommend to any pizza/cheesecake lover :)
4	4 stars for good brick oven pizza and freshness of products used on the pizza. 2 stars for not really having a specialty pizza this is where they get you with pricing. Total $71 ($20 just for 2 regular and 2 kid drinks) for a Single (14") and Large (18"). Even thou there was plenty to take home it seemed more main stream pizza attraction for the name Grimaldi's. Never had an opportunity to try the original yet in New York (bucket list haha) but if it's runs the same price, man it better taste a hell of a lot better cuz with that New York water seems to give it more flavor from what I heard. I did like our server she was very friendly and gave us great options for being 1st time goers in Grimaldi's. She recommended we could half the pizza red and white sauces, which were good. An she kept refilling my tea (hell for paying that much for drinks I was gonna get my monies worth). I mean it's a main stream pizzeria place to impress a client, family from out of town, or the occasional rewarding side of a special nite. But be prepared to spend a little.
5	After my airbrush tan upstairs at Bronze Beauty of Las Vegas, I was hungry and picked up a large tomato and basil pizza. It was incredible. Best pizza in town by far!
5	Best pizza I've ever had in Vegas!!  Pepperoni awesome, white pizza with artichoke. Service was exceptional!  Waitress even gave my 2 yr old pizza dough to play with. Tiramisu awesome!  I was disappointed with blueberry cobbler cheesecake.   Garden salad good with the sweet red peppers. Will be back!!!!!
3	Oh my goodness! The service at this place was borderline terrible! For me, the entire dining experience plays a part in my review ratings and after waiting 10 minutes for the sever to take our drink orders and another 5 minutes for our drinks to arrive I was getting rather irritated.  The place was not even busy, maybe 1/4 of the tables were occupied if that. So there really isn't an excuse as to why the service was so poor! The saving grace? The pizza was delicious! Before going to grimaldis I read reviews as to how bland the pizza was but do not believe it!  The pizza dough is crisp and the cheese was yummy! The sauce was just right!  Would I come back? Probably, but if I had the same server, I would probably walk right back out.
4	Grimaldi's food is consistently amazing. If you've never tried the coal-fired brick oven pizza, I highly suggest you make a visit soon. Their salads are always extremely crisp and fresh, and the pizzas are always amazing. If you're dining for two, a small salad and a small pizza will still leave you feeling stuffed! For salads, I usually always get the house salad or their Mediterranean salad (although the Caesar dressing is awesome). For pizzas, I recommend their pepperoni and sausage, especially if it's your first visit.The one negative thing I have to say about this specific location is that the service varies greatly from visit to visit. Sometimes the wait staff is extremely attentive and friendly. The last time I visited, however (last week), our waitress was very unfriendly, barely smiling or making eye contact, and we had to wait for several minutes with empty water glasses before she made her way over to our table. That happened more than once. The restaurant was not that crowded as it was a week night at 8:30ish. A little service hiccup will not prevent me from heading back though!If you'd like a refreshing pre-dinner drink, I highly suggest the Lambrusco that is on their current wine list. A lovely find, and not too expensive. Looking forward to the weather cooling back down a bit so I can share a bottle on their outdoor patio.
5	Went in here cause I drive by it everyday and always try and remind myself to try the place out.  So I finally decided to try it and it was definitely worth it!  I was not really sure what to expect from Grimaldi's since the sit down pizza places I am used to are either the buffet kind (like CiCi's) or the mom and pop places (like Rocco's NY Pizzeria).Walking in I was definitely surprised.  The lighting in the restaurant is all done by cutting the bottoms off of wine bottles and using them as the light fixtures to which the bulbs are attached like chandeliers.  Very cool look and goes well with the rest of restaurant.  Somewhat dark, but not in the overly romantic sort of way.Food wise, I ordered a calzone which was fantastic.  I had never had a calzone the way that they served it, without sauce inside it, which at first was a bit odd, but it was great!  I sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly.  The owner even came over and said hello and was very engaging and polite.  A great date place or somewhere to go hang out, have a drink with a friend or two and have some great pizza.
5	Authentic pizza lovers, this is your place. Fresh ingredients, cooked perfectly.We started out with the antipasta. The mozzarella was fresh and the salami flavorful. Take everything in one bite and it's perfection!We ordered our pizza with mushrooms, pepperoni, and Italian sausage.  The crust was thin and crispy but still had good texture. It wasn't too greasy and tasted awesome. This is a great place to take a date or even just come for lunch. It has great decor with classic Italian red and white checkered table cloths. The staff is friendly and always there to take care of you. Anybody who really enjoys pizza needs to come to this place.
3	After our favorite Pizza place closed, we are once again in search of the best pizza in Las Vegas.  Grimaldi's was recommended to us.   We ordered a medium barbecue chicken pizza and a medium pepperoni and red peppers!  Wow!  They are quite pricey for pizza.  The barbecue chicken was $23.00!  It was flavored okay, not much sauce and the chicken was mushy.  Toppings are $2-4 each.  Red peppers were $4.  The pepperoni pizza had nice flavor, but again sauce was sparse,  Restaurant was bright with a nice bar, but pizza was lackluster.  Service was mediocre.  We probably won't return at these prices, unless we are offered a deep discount.  bill was $54. For 2 medium pizzas, 1 soft drink and 1 beer.Disappointed....the search continues!
5	Love this place.  Pizza is awesome.  I now have a favorite pizza joint to come to when I am in las Vegas.  I have not tried the original in NY since the line is ridiculous, but this is just as good as any NY pizza joints.  Customer service was awesome.  I don't need to go to NY to get my fix of good pizza.
4	Had a bad experience with taking out one time a few months ago that made me hesitant to try it again... but after last nights Dominos could not satisfy my pizza craving, my boyfriend and I decided to give it another try this afternoon and WOW! We were sold! The Medi salad was very good & a small is just the right size for 2. Then we ordered a small to share and perfect, 3 slices each. Tasted crispy and fresh. To finish off we had a NY Style Cheesecake that was delicious! We gave 4 stars just because no pizza beats NY pizza, but other than that.. SO GOOD.
5	I tried there new BBQ chicken pizza. Not a fan.  But still love there Pepperoni.  It's Authentic slice of heaven.  And I will continue to tell everyone and there mom to go there. One of my favorite pizza places in town.
4	ALMOST as good as the Brooklyn version!!Mental note to self: Do not order the white pizza!Stick with the red!!!The white was delicious but definitely lacking the tang of the red sauce. Everytime we visit, we forget that we love the red and always deviate and want to "try" the white... only to have deja vu!Service is friendly; pizza is amazing!
4	Love the Sundried Tomato, Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza! Went here a few times already and my order has never changed. Love love love the size of the pizza and the yummy thin & crispy crust. Interior design was reminiscent of classic Italian places and people. Servers were friendly & ambiance was welcoming. Not a fan of the price but when I really do crave Grimaldi's, I have to have it.
4	Classic good pizza, you can actually taste the fresh ingredients
5	My co worker picked up pizza and salad from this place a few days ago for our office.  She said this place had the best pizza ever.She brought the yumminess through our office.  The smell of pizza filled the air. YAY finally food!!!!!!..*BOOM*...First BITE............you know that feeling of when you know its right, ITS RIGHT, man that first bite was......OMGGGGGGGGGG SOOOO Delicious!!  I am definitely headed back to this place. The food is a whole bunch of yumminess!!!
5	This place is just amazing. Their pizza is breathtaking and don't get me started with their employees. They're just amazing all together. Their employees always have a smile on their face and they always try to serve you to their fullest. I got a pizza where i put all kinds of meat and it was just delicious. The first time i tried this i fell in love. I would absolutely go back to this place.
3	Great NY style pizza here, as always.  The sauce and cheese are so fresh and delicious!  And the service is always friendly and professional.  I honestly could eat Grimaldi's multiple times a week and never get tired of it!This particular location was very slow on a weekday afternoon for lunch.  We waited a pretty long time for our large regular pie.  Also, the parking situation was a NIGHTMARE.  Seriously, my husband spent half his lunch break looking for a spot.  I've never seen such a craptastic parking lot.   If you sign up for Grimaldi's club thing, you'll get a $5 coupon emailed to you and a coupon for a free large pie on your birthday.  One of the best rewards programs for a restaurant that I know of.  I'll use my birthday coupon at a different location, though, because this place is way too much of a headache at lunchtime.
5	Excellent thin-crust pizza. Very friendly service. They provided pizza dough for our son to play with, it was so cute. Perfect place to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon having fresh, flavourful pizza with a chilled glass of proseco.
5	My favorite pizza place in Las Vegas! The ingredients are always so fresh and the pepperoni and sausage looks and tastes "REAL". Not like processed meats that other pizza joints use. The crust is always cooked to perfection, nice and crunchy. I usually order just the pepperoni and cheese pizza and a salad. Their salads are pretty good too. The Mediterranean salad is delicious. If you want good pizza, make sure you check this place out!
5	Man people talk too much. This restaurant is just damn good. They don't have chicken wings and mozzarella sticks. Just pizza and a few salads and they are all greatAnd I'm always satisfied with that
5	I haven't had the pleasure of eating at Grimaldi's in New York City but now that I've tried the pizza, I'm hooked! Our group ordered a large pepperoni/mushroom/fresh basil and a personal white garlic pie with ricotta/spinach. Both pizzas were perfect with just the right amount of crispiness in the crust. The amount of food was just enough for a group of five. We also tried two types of dessert: tiramisu and caramel apple cheesecake. Both were surprisingly delicious (none of us realized Grimaldi's even served dessert). The tiramisu was light and fluffy while the cheesecake actually had real pieces of apple in it. If you're in Vegas and have a car, skip "the Strip" and come to Grimaldi's for some legit NY pizza.
5	The service is good at lunch and the service is good at dinner. The pizza is amazing! So many options to make a pie even if you're watching your diet. We go 2 or 3 Tuesdays a month and always try to sit outside at the bar. The patio is great! Another place I'd highly suggest!
5	This pizza took me straight back to my childhood!!!  They serve traditional thin crust New York style pizza here, backed in a coal brick oven which gives it a nice smoky flavor. Hands down, best pizza in Vegas!!!!!
5	They are the best pizza along with the best service.  My favorite pizza place in Las Vegas.  Thin crust is the way to go. :)
3	I have been going to Grimaldi's since I discovered it in Scottdale, AZ over 7 years ago. I was quite excited once they came to Vegas. They definitely can make a pizza. I love the thin crust, the mozzarella is always fresh, and the small pepperoni are my favorite. The coal brick oven gives the pizza a unique, toasty flavor...yum! Their salads are pretty good too, a small order works well for 2 people. Pizza is definitely on the pricier side, especially with extra toppings but the taste is worth it. The pizza alone would give this place 5 stars, but I had to give 3 just because of service. Service is the other half of the dining out experience. Each time I have come here I have not received anything over mediocre service. I have never been here when each table was full, or even close to it. The server is always slow in greeting us when we sit. And I have never had my water refilled without asking. In all fairness, the other Grimaldi's locations in the valley that I have been to have all had the same problems with service. It's a real shame because their food is so good, but they need to work on properly training their staff on customer service.
4	The pizza here is really yummy! The Meatball, Onion & Roasted Red Pepper pizza was delicious! The Caesar salad, however, was just okay. The chicken tasted like packaged Tyson chicken from a food store. The actual salad was good aside from the additional grilled chicken.
4	It was sunday and the husband wanted a pizza for the games. I guess I'm picky on my pizza because I am from NY...blah blah blah... you've heard the rant. Anyway, Girmaldi's is close by and I figured hey I remember the pizza's not being half bad I'll pick one up to go. First I had no idea if they did pizza to go, idk why I thought that I guess because I've always eaten there. I called and said can I ask a silly question? Do you have pizza's togo? I felt so dumb, but the girl on the other line snickered  and said of course we do I get asked that a lot. I'm sure she was just trying to make me feel better. I ordered sausage, onion, mushroom, and peppers (my favorite combo). She said it would be 20 mins, I don't remember the exact total but I know it was under $25, not bad IMO. I got it home and it was good it didn't get soggy or anything like I feared. My husband doesn't always want pizza but when he does now I have a go to place. Now if only they had wings! =D
3	The bartender and the service was amazing, and the food was great too! I'm originally from New York and they really do a good job with their pizzas. The only downside is that they charge quite a bit (1-3$) for every single topping you get.. whether it's on half the pizza or the whole thing. I really like variety so getting chicken, sun dried tomatoes, peppers, and mushrooms on our pizza cost and extra 11$!! That seems just a bit ridiculous seeing as the amount if each topping they put on wasn't anything special! Some slices had no chicken, or just no peppers, very inconsistent. If you're going to charge 3$ EXTRA for chicken or tomatoes, then you should put a good amount on!
4	You can't argue with a restaurant that hired individuals to imitate the water in Brooklyn, NY and ensure their pizza remained as consistent as possible! Fresh dough creating the perfect thin-crust vehicle for fresh toppings that are always chewy and delicious. Housemade mozzarella! Everything about their pizzas are just amazing! I also enjoy watching them create the pizzas as well.I love their white (garlic) sauce pizzas and I'll top it with chicken, artichoke, tomatoes, mushrooms, ricotta, fresh basil. Oh, all of it is delicious. Most of those together or I'll even do a plain red pizza with ricotta. It's just so delicious. Oh, and their calzones are so great. I love that they offer shakers with dried oregano and fine garlic powder too!The red checkered tablecloths, recycled glass bottle light fixtures, and NY paraphernalia create such a cool atmosphere for this Brooklyn staple. Perfect for a family night out, a date, or lunch with friends. Casual and classy at the same time.Oh, and if you sign up for their e-mails, you'll get a FREE one-topping large pizza ($18 value) for your birthday!!
5	Bar none the best quality pizza I have ever had.  They use the freshest ingredients for the pie and their toppings.every once in a while they over cook the pizza but it is still awesome.  You cannot go back to papa johns or Pizza Hut after trying their pizza.
4	Got there friday 7 pm. We are surprised that we did not have to wait. First impression - good atmosphere - not fancy but attractive enough. Ordered large pizza and greek salad. Salad wad fresh but not very impressive. Pizza was excellent! Very yummy crispy crust!!! Buuuuut!!! We had to look for our server so loooooong to get our drinks refill. Our glasses were empty over 30 minutes. I guess - she was disappointed that we did not order wine?  Looking for a good pizza -reasonable price ( don't wanna drive too far) this is the place. (The service sucks but it is only one server- it is not fair to degrade a restaurant because of one very very very bad server )
5	if you like thin crust pizza this is the place to go to...but be prepared to spend some extra bucks when dining here..also I recommend ordering the biggest pizza if you come here in a group because the toppings are the same price whether you order a small or large..(I think that's how they get you) but still this is place one of my favorite eats
5	Very good experience dough for kids to keep calm.  Will return well worth it.  Pizza was tasty and salad awesome.  Nice music and great staff to handle the table.
5	It's wrong of me to give this place 4 stars instead of 5. So let me make amends.
5	Absolutely amazing pies!!! I always end up here when i have that craving for some real NYC style pizza
4	A really good thin crust pizza! We ordered a large with garlic sauce, topped it with mushrooms, Italian sausage, meatballs and artichoke hearts. We also ordered the Caesar salad, which was perfectly dressed. Between the three of us, we still had 3 slices left. The service is also great, all the employees were very friendly and attentive.
4	Delicious pizza! Double pepperoni with a Mediterranean salad. Don't try to order ranch to dip it in they may give you attitude. They slice their own pepperoni which makes for different sizes and chunks. Make sure you sign up for their birthday club you will receive a free one topping pizza on your birthday! Waiters and waitresses are hit and miss! Any pizza other than pepperoni is no good so I don't venture out of my comfort zone
5	Great thin crust pizza!!!
4	I come here for drinks rather than a local watering hole has a nice relaxed atmosphere and the bartenders are always friendly and attentive. The happy hour consist of wine and sangria which are pretty good. I love how the bar opens up to the outside. The food here is good also, overall a nice little friendly place to grab a bite to eat and relax with some friends!
5	I cannot believe I have lived my life this long without a Grimaldi's Pizza!  Have driven walked and stumbled by many times in various locations in this city but never gotten to try it.  My loss...Until now!  The service is nice from start to finish with pretty quick service.  They have a bar for cocktails while you dine (and have the coolest wine bottle chandeliers I am going to recreate in my bar at home) lots of wine to choose from.  The greeter is nice and the staff was great.  Night before Christmas Eve it was busy from the nearby stores but the food came quickly not a worry.Because it was my first and I am kind of a Pizza fanatic I had to start slow and continue slow to truly enjoy the flavors.  When you take your time this Za has so many underlying flavors that you will miss if you dig right in.  The "Coal Brick-Oven" is true and it is AMAZING!  A soft Smokey flavor with every delicious bite of all the other flavors of you're choosing.  It is an ala cart pizza style so it can add up but with flavors like this it is worth the price.The ambiance is awesome, decor beautiful as I mentioned I am totally going to have the wine bottle chandelier in the near future.  Service is nice fast and efficient and the food is great!  Well worth the slightly increased price but when I make my Gourmet pizza at home WITHOUT the coal brick oven, it cost about this to make so yeah, worth it.
5	Great pizza! So tasty and well made! Nice staff! One of our favorites pizza ever! My husband and I love it
5	You just never know about pizza, but this place is awesome!Thin crust with any toppings you want! Menu is a la carte so it's not cheap, but you do get what you pay for!Friendly service too.Highly recommend!!!
1	Automatically lose a star for no Ranch.  You serve pizza and salads--where's the Ranch?!?!I have been here multiple times for dine in and take out.  Everyone is friendly.  The last few times I have been disappointed with the take out.  This is a thin crust pizza that is best right out of the oven.  I can make it to my house in under 10 minutes and the pizza always loses almost all of the heat and isn't very good by the time I get home.  Since I know it loses the heat I arrive before my pizza is boxed so I am ready to roll asap.  The last pizza to-go was just blah, the onion chunks were as big as my pinkie finger. 3/4 of that pizza went out with the garbage.  I won't be returning here anymore.Prices for Toppings: I am annoyed with the price they charge ($2-4) for each topping and it's the same price for half.  You want onion on just half it will cost you $2.00...a whole organic onion doesn't even cost $2.00.  I am usually not picky about price if the food is worth it.  Our last dine in visit we were in the back room and the squeaky balloon animal guy drove us completely nuts.  If we wanted a Circus Style Pizza Experience w/ kids climbing all over the place we would go to Chucky Cheese!  Can you say "BONKERS?"--We couldn't wait to get out of there!!They have great iced tea and the salads are all super. A small salad is enough for 2 people but don't expect any Ranch.  They have a great patio for outdoor dining with heaters which is great. My advice: Dine in for pizza and don't ever get it to go.  You will be disappointed with the to-go temp by the time you get home...even if it's right around the corner.
5	Second time I've eaten here and it's still one of the top pizza places in my book. I could eat the large house salad all by myself! It's the perfect blend of salad, house dressing, and mushrooms/onions/etc. Any pizza with the white cheese (the name escapes me) is amazing. The most recent one I had was the pepperoni and sausage pizza. The large can easily feed 4 people with 2 huge slices. Super friendly staff and I can't wait to keep trying more types of pizza!
4	white garlic pesto w/ chicken & mushrooms.  please do start with the caprese & if you are with a large party- order a round of the ceasar... it's best to have both!  it's very dark inside with a pretty dope stone oven with the cooks putting on a show prepping dough.  you get to meet a bubbly hostess at the door who will show you where to sit at one of the many tables inside a fairly large restaurant. If the weather is good, chill outside.  Las Vegas has some pretty good days, and even better nights to have a drink and a slice of pizza.    It's family friendly and the atmosphere is good.  The most important is the quality of service and the yummy pizza.  I've never been disappointed with anything I've eaten here, even if the food only consists of pizza.  *If you came here for something else, please don't be disappointed that this pizza joint serves pizza.  Just visit the very large full bar to the right of the entrance with pretty much all the tops, meds, and lows.  I'm pretty sure you'll be happy with the pizza after a couple drinks.Choose from all the typical pizza toppings offered on the menu, but it's the sauces and crust that make this pizza yummy for me.  Good for friends!
4	YUM Pizza!! Real Pizza lovers would adore Grimaldi's! i've been to the one in New York and I have to say about this one comes pretty close.It just tastes a wee bit different! Just be careful because toppings range in price $2-4 and are extra!! So don't try and break your bank with all those toppings, unless you have lots of $$$ (unlike me) The large size is big with huge slices; it's a nice treat to share and split the bill between friends ;) Also, their cheesecakes are the best in town! Butterscotch and Oreo are the bomb!! Lastly, it wasn't very crowded at night and the service is top notch So if you're looking for a real pie, then Grimaldi's is your spot.
2	I've ventured to theIs place once more. A friend really wanted to go and I didn't want to be rude. The service is still terrible but the food was warm. My friends food came out before mine and I don't eat any kind of pork products, so their large sausage pizza sat in front if me for a good 7-8 minutes before I got my pizza. Which the food runner then put under my friends pizza. That was very uncomfortable. I tried to remove it from under there but since we still had our dirty salad plates that hadn't been picked up there was no room. The server never came back to check so I was left in a non pleasant situation. But hey at least the food was good....  Right ?!
5	I have no idea why I am reading so many bad reviews about the service at Grimaldi's. I have never had bad service. It has always been stellar at the Rainbow location as well as Boca Park. Not to mention that the pizza is incredible...It isn't your typical New York pizza (not that I have any opposition to a good New York pie). It is brick oven fired...which gives it an incredibly crunchy crust without being dry like a cracker. They also have a decent wine list for a pizza joint, if you are into that sort of thing. My hubby and I usually get a pepperoni and mushroom(with fresh basil added after it is taken out of the oven). We always leave happy. Especially if we decide to order a half and half sangria (half red sangria, half white.) Delish.
4	This is my brothers favorite pizza place. Make sure you know what kind of pizza you like before you order. I it's crispy which I love but others hate.
5	One of my favorite pizza places!!! I usually get the white pizza with pepperoni. Very simply but delicious. I'm not a fan of red sauce so I'm glad this place offers the white sauce for the pizza. I also order the Cesar salad i love how theirs taste because the lettuce is always chilled makes the salad taste so much better. I live in California and before we leave Las Vegas we always order a pizza to go for the road.
5	I love Grimaldis. Very good pizza each and every time. I can never turn down a suggestion for Grimaldis! You won't be disappointed!
5	Best pizza I've ever had!!!!  My husband and I were so excited that they opened one in the Southwest!   Great service, staff, and food!!!  Gotta try the Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake, as well!
5	The thin mint cheesecake is the bomb!  So was the pizza. But the dessert made our visit.
2	I'm so sad because pizza is my favorite food. Though the pizza was not bad, I had to wait over an hour. They apologized and offered more bread. We refused because we wanted to save our appetites. When the bill came, they didn't even comp my $2 side of anchovy. I feel as a customer who doesn't complain (until now) I would appreciate some acknowledgement.
5	Hands down best pizza ever. And it's really too bad that there isn't one in the Bay Area. I usually never eat pizza crust but for Grimaldi's I will! The pizza came out hot from the brick oven. There was something comforting and phenomenal about their pizza that I can't describe.Service was great and friendly. We didn't think the filtered water is so important until we asked the waiter. It's a serious deal! One time their machine broke that they had to collect the filtered water from another location.
4	Its good pizza. My kids love their anchovy pizzas. Their pizzas are great becuase of the dough, their ovens and equally the sauce. Anyway you order it, it'll be good.
4	Food always comes in a timely manner. Although the service could be better. We always come back because the pizza is perfectly thin, crispy, and always has just the right amount of toppings. Always cooked perfectly.
4	I love this pizza....I don't like the pay per topping deal but I get it.Sauce is supper tasty (I always add more to my pizza....but this too, you have to pay for). Service is always great...and they have some of the best wine specials in town (summer time half price wine on Tuesdays)Can't wait for my next cheat day pizza day.
5	We ordered the small house salad to share between the two of us, which was plenty. Lettuce was cold.and crisp, but the salad overall was pretty bland. Either the vinaigrette was not seasoned enough,  or there was too little of it. But that's not why you came here.The pizza. A large with mushrooms, onions, and pepperoni. Crust was thin and nicely crispy. Mama is from Sicily, so she knows pizza. We both loved it!
5	First trip to Grimaldi's brick oven pizza. I knew it was a pizza place but other than that did not know what to expect. Just by the name I knew I would like it because I love oven baked crust. The crunch and the thinness, pure heaven. Went with 2 girlfriends from my old job. We were out celebrating our leaving the company and moving on to better things. Now when I say I am not a pizza fan I mean I don't like pizza because of the tomato based sauce that everyone smothers on their pizzas and ruins the taste. I fell in love with pizza again when I was in Italy for 4 weeks. One of my girlfriends is a vegetarian and she had eaten there a few times so we let her pick out lunch. We ordered the large, pesto mozzarella, with ricotta cheese and pepperoni on half for us meat eaters. We also ordered the spinach salad with red onions, blue cheese crumbles, and a sweet balsamic vinaigrette. It was way more then enough food for three people with some to take home. The waitress was very attentive. When my drink glass was half empty she would bring a new one. She was busy with other guest but still managed to make it to our table at least 4 times in our hour lunch. I think that is more than enough times to check on your guests if u see they are doing well. I will definitely go again. Great service, great atmosphere, great company and  best of all GREAT PIZZA!
1	I really went on an off day I guess based on all of the great reviews this location gets.  We were promptly seated, waited on and served, but after that the waiter just did not ever come over again.  He never offered refills, never offered dessert and when we told him that we were going to order another pizza to bring home with us, he never came back to ask if we wanted to order that.  Meanwhile, he was taking care of other tables.  If they were short handed, shame on them, but at least tell us that. I usually go to the Palazzo location as that's so easy in and out even though it's on the Strip, that I will just continue to go to that location.  Very disappointing.  To me, good service makes the food taste great.  Bad service just ruins everything and that's a shame.
5	love the pizza here!  i had 2 slices of the large and was full but kept wanting to eat b/c it was so good!
4	Amazing pizza! Meatballs are fresh and truly homemade. Price is a little high from other business around  but the pizza won't disappoint you.
4	I want to give 5* but the last few times we have gone! the pizza is too floppy. Maybe some new hires need retraining? I love the pizza (pepperoni & ricotta) and the wine. We go weekly, so I'm hoping they get the cooking time/temp issue resolved.
5	ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL!Loved the pepperoni & sausage pizza, house salad!  The best thing they have there is the cannoli for dessert.  It was the perfect meal, service was great as well.  Great place for dinner, always look forward to going there!
4	Where should I start!?! This place is pretty simple...Drinks...Salads...PIZZAS...Desserts! The pizza here is just amazing! The crust is delicious...thin with a great crunchy crisp texture to it. A regular pie is enough for two people to share but delicious enough for a little Asian to force down happily. Their salads are pretty great as well. Portions are very generous and the presentation is pleasing. Price wise...a bit pricey for pizza, (especially if you are a person who likes to add a lot of toppings onto your pizza) but you'll be getting a quality pie. Save room for dessert! Tiramisu get's a thumbs up.
1	TLDR: Like the food but not enough to put up with the service - the service was as bed as it gets. Theres only a couple places in vegas i go to for pizza and grimaldis is one of them. I like the food and this has been my go to pizza place for a while. This review isn't about the food, its about the service at this particular location.20 minutes for a waiter to visit our table. Had to ask the hostess twice for the server.Server seemed stoned and didn't acknowledge his extreme tardiness. Had the impression that it was a joke to him to be bothered by us.Server took our drink and meal order - and did nothing else for the entire meal. Wondered why we should be tipping somebody for doing the bare minimum of their job and not even doing that well.Took 15 minutes for the bill to be collected and we had to flag down a random waiter who had to get the manager to run it. The manager was standing behind us (we were the closest table to the expediting window) and never offered to ask us if everything was ok. Our waiter had only a couple other tables and we went at a non peak time (less than 1/3 of the tables were seated). The bar has been reduced to only beer and wine so our confusion exists as to what the heck somebody could be doing for all this other time. Also, they did not appear to be under staffed since several time we looked over at the bar and noticed 3-4 servers hanging out, talking, and not urgently taking care of their tables. Will never be going to this location again. I could probably just as easily go to a gas station pizza hut and get better service if that's all i was looking for in a pizza joint. Looks like Duo Forni is my new go to pizza place!
5	This will be a short review, since I have reviewed another Grimaldi's in more details. This location has same type of NY style (thin) pizza the original in NYC. I ordered my personal favorite with marinara/pesto sauce and meatballs and the girl that I took on the date got salad (strike one for her :). She was bit picky on what she wanted and the kitchen added onions to her salad, when the server found out he convinced her to return the salad and get a new one made just for her. The service was amazing. I would highly recommend this place for anyone looking to try out a NY style pizza.
5	A long overdue review, I've had sitting in my review box. Was here about a month ago. Had especially great service, and wanted to blast the extra great employees since people normally only name names when it's bad...this was not, they were, like I said, great!Service:We came on an oddly busy Tuesday, just two of us. The hostess, Kendal- I even remembered her name because she was so awesome - she was able to find us a table in good time. They were swamped and there was a huge group in front of us who were really pushy, we watched her handle them with grace & was still in a genuinely nice, friendly mood when it was our turn. Too many times I've experienced employees taking it out in me when business is busy, I was impressed by how she handled everyone. We got to our table, and our server introduced himself, Steven. He suggested the Sangria. Sure, sounds great. I think he needed it more though, from the looks of how slammed they were! Delivered waters quickly, delivered Sangrias. The rest of the our visit went on the same. Had my glass of Educated Guess (woohoo!) and they continued to do everything they should, pleasantly. He even took time to answer our questions, like are the dressing prepackaged, is the sausage made in house, etc... Answers were.... It's all made in house!Before we left, the GM stopped by our table with a smile before we left, and genuinely wanted to know how everything was. Great! Love that attention to detail.Food:They always have seriously good pizza. When you want a Grimaldi's pizza, there is nothing that compares.Don't miss their Italian Sausage. It's homemade, as are all of their salad dressings- Caesar, spinach, Caprese, you really can't go wrong. I kind of love the simple menu concept, because they can focus on doing what they do and making it really fresh!  Decent enough wine list, sangria and mixed drinks. Go for the Educated GuessOther details:It can be a busy place so MAKE A RESERVATION on weekends. They are limited on space but do a great job with what they have. Their staff have always been so hospitable, they even open the door for you as you walk in & open the door as you leave. A good company protocol, shows they are all about  hospitality! You will feel at home.Hope they'll add a wine happy hour, would make me a more frequent customer
3	Have always been a fan of Grimaldi's in San Antonio. The pizza is so great and the ingredients taste so fresh. They have a great wine selection and the prices are pretty good! The staff and waitress we had this time was so awesome and very attentive! At the end of our dinner we ordered a New York cheese cake and the manager came back and told us they were all out and instead she comped us a trio of cheesecakes. That was so unnecessary but was a great gesture and we really appreciated that. It was in all a great dinner and awesome costumer service!!!
5	My little brother introduced us to this place and the pizza here is so good.  Reminds me of the pizza in Italy.  We always try and stop here to eat when we are in Vegas
4	I was really hesitate about this pizza place only because they specialize in thin crust. We didn't get to go inside but we picked up on curb side which was really convenient. We order a large half sausage and half pepperoni. The pizza was so light I was afraid that we didn't order enough for 3.  Glad to report that the pizza was so yummy and it wasn't even greasy! More than enough with left overs I give 4 stars.
5	Shelly was fantastic. I brought my grandma with me and she took care of all her needs. This is the first time we had Shelly and we will be back and ask for her. I also appreciated how the waiters had their own order book personalized. It is a great tool for employee morale and an awesome conversation piece.
5	Great place for pizza while in Vegas. We sat at a table near the bar and experienced fantastic service from both, our server and the bartender. Food came out quick and hot and the beer was cold. The atmosphere is open with lots going on. We will make this on of our regular stops on our annual Vegas trips.
4	Been here once, and I'm already a big fan.  Some of the best pizza I've had.  We had the monthly special - rosemary potato white pizza with gorgonzola cheese.  It was SO good.  We also ordered a cheese pizza for the kids, which was less good, but tasted great cold the next morning.  They bring out dough balls for the kids to play with pre-eating, so it kept everyone busy and quiet (for a change.)  Will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
5	Great service. Unbelievable pizza. And cheesecake that will blow your mind. Plus a great wine list.
2	The food is just alright.  We had dinner there on Mother's Day.  We ordered a large white w/ garlic topped w/ italian sausage & mushrooms, another large topped w/ mushroom, onions & green peppers and a large ceasar salad.  The pizza's were a bit soggy and didn't have enough cheese.  I like my thin crust pizza's to be slightly crisp w/ cheese that strings when you take a bite.  Ceasar salad was good.  The bill came to $70 including 4 drinks.  Side note:  I took off one star for the older female manager/hostess who seated us cause she seemed a little put out & rather crabby when seating us.  I took off another star cause they don't accomodate patrons w/ disabilities and mom's w/ sleeping toddlers, as I wanted to order & pay in advance for our group to lesson the wait time for the food to be ready while my dad w/ a walking disability & my 17 month old was napping in the car but I was unable to do so.  I was told by the hostess that they would need our entire party seated before I could order.  Kind of a bummer but at least the service by our waiter was really good.
5	Great place.Good pizza. Nice thin and crispy crust. Toppings are fresh.Service is incredible, everyone seems to help out as a team.Kurt the Bartender is fun and knowledgeable. The Blueberry Cobbler Cheesecake is delicious.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! It's consistently good. Their pizza is fantastic - it's not greasy, lots of fresh topping options, and a sauce that would make slap your mama it's so good! My favorite salad is the Mediterranean; the dressing is tangy and very flavorful. The only disappointment with this place is they don't have enough people working at lunch - I order curbside and have to go inside after waiting 5-10 minutes without anyone acknowledging me. Annoying but not anything that would prevent me from eating/ordering there
4	Don't know why it took me so long to try out this place, I live right next to this location.It's such a nice restaurant, very classy but casual at the same time. It's decorated with a very strong New York City theme. (Frank Sinatra played the entire time we were there)I went here with my boyfriend. The receptionist/hostess told us first thing before she sat us down that the oven wasn't prepped or ready just yet and that if we ordered pizza it would be a 45 minute wait. We had no problem waiting.We ordered a small house salad ($6) to share and that alone was exceptionally tasty.After that, to help out with the 45 min wait, our waitress gave us a side of bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.The manager then came out shortly after that and took the initiative to apologize for the wait and assured us that if there was anything else we needed, we could just ask. So that I appreciated, even though waiting was absolutely no issue for us.After an hour wait, our very kind waitress (Shelly is amazing!!!) told us our order was on the house. They felt bad that we had to wait this long on our first time here. Which was just awesome, I was thinking of just paying anyway because of how amazing the service was.As for the pizza, we ordered a small white 'n garlic pizza. It was huge, actually. We had two slices leftover. And it was just alright. We asked for a side of marinara for dipping and it was d e l i c i o u s.We had the Blueberry Cobbler Cheesecake for dessert and to be honest, it was even better than the pizza AND salad.The staff is especially friendly and accommodating, but that could also be because we were the only table there this afternoon, and also the oven trouble. Either way, this was a very pleasant experience and I will definitely come back soon!
5	Well ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls in a word supercalfragulisticexpealadious! After all these years of living in a place devoid of really good food on every corner, like NY City say east coast New York pizza has finally arrived to the west coast!!!!So here is the set up:The West Coast Kitty's Youngest Son was wed in Utah on March 15th 2014. Her oldest son, she and myself drove back to LA on that Monday the 17th. On the drive up to Utah for the wedding there was a semi fire on the highway outside of Vegas, which backed traffic up for hours. It was suggested that we stop in Vegas and get a pie from Gramaldi's, which I thought was "out of the blue" kind of suggestion. So armed with that thought I brought Gramaldi's up on the drive home. After the West Coast Kitty read a description of this place there were absolutely no doubts that we where stopping in Vegas for a pie and that's exactly what we did!So now that we all have the set up let's get to the Epic food! The WCK order the Antipasto dish an her son asked me to pick the pie. I needed a little info so I inquired, that the cheese they use is authentic buffalo mozzarella. They have their water altered by a chemist once a week. The Fire Roast the red peppers in house. They offer ricotta cheese as a topping. So the pie was A large three topping pie with Pepperoni, Roasted Red Peppers and Ricotta. I waited hoping not to be disappointed and suddenly the pie arrived. So the waitress served a slice to Dayne and a slice to me and ask I we needed anything else, no we said and off she went. I looked at the two of them whom were staring back at me waiting and so I took a bite, Ohh My Stars it was absolute NY Heaven! Everything about this pie was awesome, which The WCK mentioned to her son of my happiness an her relief and nudge him to taste. He took a bite chewed and swallowed. He took another bite just as slow and chewed and swallowed. He than proclaimed that it was the best pizza he had eaten in his entire life! I would say that says it all, as I do agree with almost all of that statement! The WCK's Antipasto was Italian through and through as it was all meats, cheese, bread, spiced olive oil and no salad anywhere just to die for good. I will say it will be for sure the best pizza you have wet eaten if you are from California. If your east coast and dying for NY Pizza then I suggested you make your way down Gramaldi's in El Segundo CA and grab a pie and beer! I know I will be seeing you there as Gramaldi's is the authentic real deal and has been for over 100 years! I say give me more stars as five isn't even close to enough!!!!
3	Agh. Decent food. Salads are nothing to speak of. Service wasn't  that great when we went. The one in Fashion Show Mall is much better.
3	What's all of the hype? There is better pizza in town like everywhere. Napolis, Sammy's, Angelina's, Rocco's NY PIzza, etc. etc.
5	Hands down one of the best pizzeria here in vegas! Pizza made fresh right where you can watch. Fresh mozzarella (not the pre-shredded), real Italian sausage, and a great ambience.  Sign up for their V.I.P club and receive a free large pizza on tour birthday!!
4	It is pretty good pizza, possibly a bit pricey but you get a good product.  I got a large pepperoni.  The cheese on it isn't the shredded mozza kind but seems to be either bigger slices or balls that are put on the pizza and melted sporadically.  The pepperoni were really small slices and looked to be freshly cut.  It's more Neapolitan style than anything else.Some of the pizza seemed to have some sort of seasoning on it.  All of those bites were really good, but the ones without it and no pepperoni weren't as tasty.  The crust is pretty great, I actually ate it instead of just tossing it out.  Would probably order again.
5	I expressed to an employee of a pizza place at NyNy casino that I wanted authentic pizza. The employee hesitated but recommend Grimaldi's, and another employee muffled not to buy their pizza.. Without hesitation, I navigated the pizza place and went... We ordered pesto with meatball n ricotta cheese pizza and pepperoni w sausage pizza. The ingredients are fresh!! Totally worth the $. Dessert was fresh as well! We had tiramisu and Ny cheese cake (not too sweet and creamy and cheese cake fluffy) defiantly not frozen or old.
3	This place was a let down . I've heard a lot of good things about grimaldis. When I walked in it was good , they opened the door for me and the host had a pleasant attitude . The ambiance was very nice with natural daylight lighting up the interior. Decorations were beautiful making it feel as if you were in New York. However, when it came to our server he seemed like he was not happy to be there and not happy that we were there . He repeated the specials as if he was reading out of a book and was bored . He also did not refill half of the tables drinks only when we asked .As for the food we ordered two large pizzas, one was very good and moist but the other one fell a little dry . So it was inconsistent . The Caesar salad was so yummy though ! And an excellent complimentary to the pizzas . They also give kids balls of pizza dough to roll around which was cute :) My experience was okay taking into account the okay service to the dry and moist pizzas and the yummy Caesar salad . So I would say it was an okay experience . Maybe I'll come back to give it another shot , maybe they had an off day ?
1	Ate here a year ago and have kept my word to Never go back. $20 for a pizza with crust so thin its transparent about 1/2 cup of tomato sauce and 11 not kidding 11 slices of pepperoni on a large.I actually felt violated when I got it home. THIS IS NOT PIZZA.Real pizza try La Familia on Durango.
5	Best pizza in Vegas!!! We love Grimaldi's. We usually order pepperoni pizza and a Mediterranean salad. It is thin crunchy crust. The closet to NY pizza outside of NY. They also give the kids some dough to play with while waiting for the food. Only complaint is 2 times we ended up leaving bc they were cleaning the oven and it would be 30 mins before they can put the pizza in the oven. Both times was right after we picked up the kids from school. So I guess they do it around 3:30.
3	This place was good but not the best in my opinion.  Very nice decor and friendly staff.  And the pizza was good with fresh ingredients.   But it was super pricey for pizza and for a sit down restaurant the menu was SUPER limited. They have pizza and 6 salad options... that's it! No appetizers and no other entrees.  For the prices they charge there are other pizza places I would rather go instead
1	Wanted to get some Italian food Friday, saw the reviews and my wife ordered over the phone for pickup. Drove 5 miles there to find out there is hardly any parking available anywhere and had to park behind a carwash few hundred feet away. After getting inside had to walk to the corner of the very busy bar to pay for the take out. Asked the bartender if that was all the food my wife ordered, she said Yes. Drove back home to find out they completely forgot my daughter's food, called them back and was informed the food was sitting at the bartender's register the whole time! Drove another 5 miles back thinking they would at least comp the forgotten food but they put a $5 coupon for the next time!!! I'm not sure how they have such high rating, the Calzone and Mediterranean salad were tasteless, forgot my daughter's Caprese Salad and by the time I made this 20 mile 2 times round trip, she had already gone to sleep and didn't eat. And to top if off the bartender told me she has to get the manager's ok for any kind of credit or keep the $5 coupon. They can keep their stupid coupon since I'm never going back there again.
1	I can't figure out why they have such high reviews. Especially after reading their reviews on their salads. My Mediterranean salad was awful! Lettuce was wilted, hardly any cheese and my tomatoes were mushy. Their dressing was full of raw onions. The antipasto appeared to be half of what it should be. Maybe they were hungry before they brought it out and ate some of it? The service was horrible.  And when we spoke to a manager they offered a $5 coupon for our next visit. Why would we go back? Definitely do not recommend.
3	I came to this Grimaldi's for a lunch meeting with a client. She picked the place and I delivered my manager so the meal would be free-99. I have eaten at Grimaldi's in the past at Boca Park and I really, really enjoyed it. There were a few kinks to my experience at this one on Rainbow that has me kind of weary of trying it again.When we first entered there was an odd smell to the air, kind of like there might be an open sewer line somewhere, but also a possibility of leakage somewhere in the restaurant due to recent rains. Either way - no good.We were escorted to our table and ordered waters with lemon and the Caprese Salad to start. Tomatoes were incredibly fresh and meaty, paired with big chunks of mozz and fragrant basil. Drizzled with olive oil, this was a nice starter.Our pizza: We ordered the white pizza, with extra cheese, spicy sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, and tomatoes. Maybe this is where we went wrong -- to me the combo was a bit too much. The crust was thin and crispy, but really chewy, more chewy than I would like. Hard to pull away from with just your teeth and/or hands, and hard to cut with a fork and knife. I was grinding my knife down into it and making those scratchy sounds against my plate.The place is cute, but I thought the wall decor was kind of tacky, it also is very vacant-looking so there isn't a really nice "homey" feel to it you might expect at a pizza joint.Overall - this place is far from where I live, so I would not go out of my way to come here. I am not saying I will never have Grimaldi's again, but this experience was only okay.
3	I have herd great things about Grimaldi's and finally got a chance to try it. The server and staff were very friendly and polite they did a wonderful job. The white pizza was delicious, the pepperoni and mushroom pizza was not so great. The crust ended up all mushy from the grease on the pepperoni pizza which i cant stand. On the other hand the white pizza was perfect!    Grimaldi's has a nice dining room with a large opening in the building for fresh air and sunlight. The only down side to having this large opening, it lets in the flys. I had to swat away flys from our food several times during our meal which put a bit of a damper on the whole meal. Aside from the mushy crust on one pizza and the flys, it was pretty good.
4	Since I gave the one at the Palazzo such a bad review, I just wanted to say for the record, that I love this location.  The staff is good and friendly.  The pizza isn't the best I've ever had, but you can definitely taste the freshness of the ingredients and you can tell that it is not loaded with preservatives and chemicals.  I normally get the roasted red peppers and garlic and that's good enough for me.  Don't let the "personal" size pizza fool you.  It's still big enough for two people.  And they have a decent beer and wine selection.  It's always a solid choice for me.
5	Great service, amazing pizza, and really really hot bartender named Kurt. Check out the pesto sauce ... Delicious! Great assortment of wine too. You can try them out if you sit at the bar.
4	The pizza here may be a little pricey but it is worth the money! Well, I guess it depends on how many toppings you choose. It is REALLY good pizza. Not super oily and even the crust tastes good! A couple friends and I came in last week to use my FREE ONE TOPPING LARGE PIZZA coupon for my birthday! We ordered a large house salad and a large pizza with sun-dried tomatoes and garlic. The sun-dried tomatoes was a great choice! It gave the pizza a lot of flavor. Our server was extremely patient with us, it took us awhile to decide what we wanted. This was my first time dining in but I've made a few to go orders before and the staff was always friendly. They also have curbside pick up which is on the side where Raising Cane is.DON'T FORGET TO SIGN UP FOR THEIR NEWSLETTER TO RECEIVE A COUPON FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY ;)
1	I was one of the unfortunate few to have a bad experience at this place.. We order our pizza and for some reason pizza was extra soggy. There was water under the pizza.. So I told the manager and he offer to make a second pizza.. The second pizza was better not great just a bit better.. Garlic was raw on this pizza.. After being done with dinner, our server took about 10 minutes to bring my check after I requested it, also when she brought it back it was wrong I was being charged double. Overall it was a very unpleasant experience. I will give this place a second chance.. One day.
4	Great pizza! This location on the 215 & Rainbow has an outside patio and the interior bar is attached, so it is like a huge bay window open @ the bar! Very cool!
5	Grimaldi's is a great option for thin crust-style pizza. It has a nice little outdoor area, and everything there is fresh, from the crust, to the sauce, to the cheese, and desserts. You can watch them make the pizzas inside the restaurant. The service is good, but this good food takes time! Don't go in a hurry, and don't get it to-go, because the crust will be soggy by the time it gets home.
4	Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. NY style pizza has finally made its way to vegas. The pizza was a bit overpriced but well worth it. We had a veggie pizza and a pepperoni pizza with meatballs and ricotta cheese. Both of them had great flavor. The place was packed and reminded me of a sports bar. The alfredo pasta was legit as well and highly recommended. They are open late which is always a plus and the restaurant was very clean. They also have curb side service which is unique for a NY style pizza spot. Enjoy
4	Crust was great but pizza was just a little boring!!!   Place is very clean. Service was not as good as it should be, but he hostess was friendly and helpful!
2	Pizza crust was excellent! Place was very clean  Hostess was friendly and helpful. This is the extent of the good.Bad ... over-priced, waitress/bartender was rude when I asked a question on the menu - then ignored us, pizza was BLAND/TASTELESS - also the canned mushrooms and ham were very watery.I wanted to like this place - I have driven past it hundreds of times wanting to stop ... I will not be back.When we left, I handed the hostess a comment card with my concerns. I expressed to her to please make sure the GM sees it. She said OK. However, no attempt to maybe get a manager then or ask for contact information - found that to be a form of poor customer service.
4	This is the second Grimaldi's location I have been to. What brought me here was a coupon. $5 off $25 or more is a great coupon when a small pizza starts at $14 or $16. The prices are a tad high but unless you eat slice after slice, a small is fine for two people.I ordered a small cheese pizza with basil. The pizza is good and for a chain it's real good. However, the basil was wilted and tasted bitter. The tomato sauce is also bland and on the sweeter side. It just needs more seasoning and probably more time to cook. They also need to get their basil from a better source because the basil was weak. Prices are high for the execution but at least you know what to expect. Four stars because the customer service exceeded my expectations.
3	The pizza is good.  The calzones are huge.  But the sauce is a bit tangy.  it reminds me of jarred tomato sauce where it is sweetened with high fructose corn syrup.  Now I am not saying that their sauce is sweetened with corn syrup, but it certainly tastes like it.  Usually pizza sauce, that isn't over cooked or sweetened, tastes like a juicy tomato with salt and other spices...it should NOT taste like ketchup (which is accepted to have sugar added to it.)   All ketchup has sugar in it - that is what makes it ketchup!  But when a pizza sauce has that tangy/sweet flavor it tells me that it is inferior.  The food needs a new sauce...if they did that - it would be 5 stars.
4	Bianca was our server, very friendly an informative. Had a dinner for two and started with the antipasto, perfectly portioned and fresh. Ended with a personal white pizza with chicken mushrooms and olives. Tasty and great for the price. 40 bucks for an appetizer, pizza and sangria sized for two AND it was flavorful, coupled with good service. I'd say that's a successful meal.
4	Excellent pizza, especially if your used to east coast pizza.  The crust is amazing, toppings are good, service is nice
4	I went here the other night and loved it. Pizza was very good quality with great taste, and the atmosphere is excellent. I'd give it 5 stars but saying this is the BEST pizza place is a bold statement. This was excellent though in every way.
3	So this was a first time visit for me. Was greated immediately by a extremely friendly host,Quickly taken to a table and given a menu. We were told out waiter would be right with us. Time had passed and we were ready to order. The host noticed that we were looking around and came and grabbed us some drinks and our waiter . the waiter was a little rude and seemed rushed. However the food was amazing and quick to come out!. But when we were finished we were left looking around for our waiter so we could get the check. They cook the pizzas in the front of the restaurant for people to see but all I seemed to notice was three employees huddled around a cell phone laughing and not paying attention to the customers. Like I said the food was fresh a d amazing but I wish the host was the server because she was the friendly one that noticed we were not getting service.
5	This is my favorite pizza place :)I always get the pepperoni pizza. Occasionally I will get the Greek salad or the antipasta :) Peroni is always a good addition to pizza, too. The food is truly incredible. I could literally eat just the pepperoni. All of the ingredients are fresh. Love the service and the atmosphere is amazing. Great entertainment for kids, too. You can watch the pizza guys spin dough in the air or can ask the server for a piece of dough to play with while waiting for the food :) Great for family or for date night. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants!!!!
5	My favorite pizzeria in town!  They use the freshest ingredients to create the pizza of your tastebuds dreams...  I love the Greek salad to start and the Tiramisu to end, they have the best Tiramisu that I've ever tasted, it melts in my mouth.The service and atmosphere of this location is awesome!  There is a full bar along with a wide variety of wines and patio seating.  They also have a closed off party room in the back that can be reserved for private parties.
4	Great food great service, second time here and it was great we went with Cesar salad to start which came out quickly then We had the small pesto pizza with grilled chicken,ham,bacon and pepperoni great pizza everything was great an tasted great, after we had the original style cheese cake which was very good almost to the standards of maria calendars, overall great experience dinning here recommend it to all.
4	We really like Grimaldi's. The pizza is delicious. The service is good...it's never really crowded yet sometimes service is kinda slow. But no biggie. The food is worth it. I deduct one star because they only have pizza & salad. And we've tried probably half the salads offered, and none of them really blow us away. We laughed at the antipasto when it came out because it was so far from what we were expecting!! They're all just wimpy and kinda sad. But it's not called Grimaldi's salad bar and the pizza more than makes up for it. I love the charred spots on the pizza and that the crust is crisp yet still chewy. It's close to home and delicious. What more could you ask for??
5	This place is great. Old-school New Yorky decore and delicious pizza. Cool indoor/outdoor bar and seating.The pizza is thin crust and not as cheesy or greasy as your typical pie. So, keep that in mind if that's what you like. In my opinion, this is just as tasty without being a gut-buster.The menu is limited to pizza, calzones, apps/salads/sides, dessert and drinks so be prepared for that. As in, if you want pasta you're going to be disappointed as hell.P.S. - Had the cheesecake the other day and it was money.
5	Amazing pizza!!! Fresh ingredients, great service, and friendly staff. The pepperoni they use is to die for and if you sit at the bar make sure Kurt is working super friendly guy  pizza so good I had leftovers.. And I never eat leftovers
5	Great pizza, amazing Caesar salad, do not order their anti-pasta it's super small and not really a salad. The service is amazing.
5	This is one of our favorite pizza joints. The food, service, ambiance are all 5 stars in my book!Our go-to's: Caprese Salad and Margarita pizza with the basil added at the end and request for "light cook". The light cook makes for a softer & palatable crust. Since the crust is so thin, it tends to get hard or even burn a little during the cooking process so we always ask for "light cook".The decor is pretty much New York themed. I like that they have Marilyn Monroe's photos and a few other things like the subway map, and various other b&w photos of NYC. Don't forget to sign up for their mailing list, free pizza on your birthday!
5	Pizza is as good as it gets
5	My favorite pizza on my side of town! The place is so clean and the pizza is so bomb broskiiiii!! Amazing staff as well.
5	Had to find a place to accommodate a  large party of thirty people. DeVon was our server and gave us excellent service. The pizza excellent and the salads were great. I would recommend coming here any time!
5	I've been eating at this Grimaldi's for a few year's now. Let me start off with that I have actually eaten at the original Grimaldi's when I worked for a pizza magazine. And after eating at MANY of the so-called best pizza places in Las Vegas, I have to say that Grimaldi's is by far the best in town. Food - I simply love their pizza. The sauce and dough are fantastic and super yummy thin. You can tell it's been fired in a wood burning oven and comes out perfect every time. My favorite salad has to be their spinach. A few times the cooks have gotten a tad heavy handed with the dressing but I don't knock the whole place for that. I've learned that it's best to get the dressing on the side and immediately put half of everything in a box. I just can't eat all that salad AND all that pizza but I'd rather finish the pizza and have salad for lunch the next day.It is a fairly small menu so if you're hoping for tons of apps and such to choose from then you might need to look elsewhere. Wine - I really like their wine list. I also get a nice Zinfandel blend (Red people) that is only $15 for a half carafe. That's super cheap and maybe even half a glass more than I NEED. Service - I have to say I always get amazing service here. I usually sit at the bar but a few times I've sat at a table and never once need anything. Everyone is always super friendly but doesn't bug you if you're trying to just chill out. ***The ONLY negative thing I can say about this place is some specialty pizza I got talked into once. It was a Buffalo Chicken Wing pizza that I knew sounded off but wanted to do something different so I went for it. Good grief those flavors were just too much for a thin pizza. Between the Frank's Red Hot and Gorgonzola it was just too salty and heavy. If they had done something to add some coolness it could have worked***
5	Been here and to this location so many times, food is great and service is even better. As a chain it's crazy to see how good the pizza is! Thin crust, nice and crispy!
3	Probably should be nicknamed "Hooters Ugly Sister" since it is located next to Hooters and the staff doesn't have half the charm. The menu, by Las Vegas standards, is abbreviated. While everybody loves the New York City culture who lives in New York City, the attempt to argue with anybody who was remotely associated with New York City about what constitutes "good pizza" results in all out hatred.Maybe you'll like this restaurant. Lots of people do. Is it worth a $40 cab ride from the strip? Not in my opinion.In fairness, here are some pros and cons that justify the three star rating. First the cons: This particular location is very difficult to get into, as it is on a very heavily-trafficked major thoroughfare (S. Rainbow Blvd.) and unless you are approaching from 215, its a pain to get to. This location employs no delivery drivers though you might be able to get a delivery from a third party company like RoadRunner or whatever. The parking lot is shared by another large chain dinner restaurant and as such is always full to the brim. The pepperoni used on the pizza being the coveted-by-East-Coasters Hormel brand resembles something that belongs on a middle school lunch program salad bar. I  don't intend on being mean, I'm just astonished there is anybody west of the Catskills who thinks Hormel is worthy of anything else but the prepackaged meats section in your local union-organized 7-Eleven-priced-Jacked-Up Grocery Store. I'm sure there are many,many,many New Y0k3 Attitude transplants who are quick to defend this pizza, and you are welcome to it. Menu was pretty much pizza and salad. Yeah, um, okay. You could get chicken grilled on your salad if you wanted chicken, but no chicken wings. This place must be -the only- pizzeria on - the west coast - that does not offer chicken wings. And now for the pros: Yelp sticker on the door prominently featured. I like to see a business who appreciates supporting Yelpers and their reviews. Bar had a passable selection of draught. Patio seating for smokers and doggie owners. Pizza supposedly has free range cow mozzarella. Lol. Hey thanks! That must be why it's so expensive! That and the Cadillac of pepperoni, Hormel brand! Awesome! Lots of 20-somethings employed here, so I guess that will start to attract the big spenders. (#sarcasm)Good luck with that Brooklyn pizza!
1	Horrible. After hearing so much about Grimaldis and the lack of good pizza on the west side of the Las Vegas valley I thought I'd give it a try since I live less than 2 miles away. While ordering I asked for a side of pizza sauce and they asked if I wanted to come in to pick it up or if I wanted curbside pickup. I asked for curbside. They said 20-25 minutes. I left right away and arrived there 10 mins. after placing my order.  I parked in front and after 5 mins of waiting I decided to go inside. To my surprise it was already at the bar waiting. If it was ready why didn't they check to see if I was there to give me my pizza? And after sitting at the bar for who knows how long the pizza was cold. I got home 24 mins. after ordering my pizza. If I had waited the time they told me I would have picked up an even harder, colder pizza. The sauce was refrigerator cold which was annoying. The pizza was paper plate thin and although I ordered extra cheese it barely had any. I had to reheat the pizza when I got home but even so it was horrible. For $25 the largest pizza they had was so thin that all 8 pieces barely filled my wife and I. Metro pizza is much better and half a pizza fills us both. Will never go there again
5	Great for dates, meetings, great service, awesome food. The pizza is wood grilled pizza.I haven't been anywhere this good yet. For me, as a poor college student, it's expensive but I looked up authentic New York style pizza and this place came up. Awesome place. The table cloth you usually see that is red and white squared at restaurants is plastic but this place uses real cloth, AUTHENTIC. The food is quick. This place actually wowed me. I usually get carry out for pizza from pizza chains, but this is far from a pizza chain. Pizza chains like papa johns, little cesars, Domino's, Pizza hut use ingredients that are chopped and small. For example, the big four DO NOT use SLICED tomatos, they DICE them. Grimaldi's SLICES tomatos AND onions, slices are about 2-2.5 in long, the big four uses chopped onion about 1/4 in long, aka budget cuts.Their pizzas are incredibly HUGE. They charge for additional toppings which can add up BUT WHO THE HELL CARES!!!! THIS PLACE IS FAMILY OWNED AND QUALITY!!!!
