1	Gee, I want to give them 2 stars (fast service), but it was the most puny veggie burrito I've ever had.  It was small and deflated, not enough of everything.   I even got guacamole and sour cream (extra).  Way overpriced for what you get (no tortilla chips).
4	Ok, so it wasn't an AMAZING burrito, but for airport fare, it was top notch.  Seriously, healthy food is hard to come by in airports- I always find myself grabbing a yogurt amidst the sea of french fries and cinnamon roles that are abundant in airports.  This time I was able to scarf down something healthy during my short layover in Phoenix.  No lard or MSG and plenty of vegetarian options.  Prices are fantastic- I spent $6 on a vegetarian burrito with chips, salsa and guacamole.  There was a neighboring Mexican sit-down restaurant with a fully stocked bar.
4	Not bad when you're looking for something healthy after only having the option of a sesame seed bagel with peanut butter on your hellish overnight stay in Columbus's CMH.  Not awful pricing either for airport food.  Tortilla is a little floury, and it's not strictly authentic mexican food, but it is probably your healthiest option here for the price.  I got guac extra on my veggie burrito.And believe me - a big burrito is NOT what you want just before getting on a plane.  You'll end up passing out and wake up with angry people who have requested a seat reassignment.  Small burritos at airports rock.  What, you're going to save it in your bag for tomorrow?  Good luck with that . . .
1	This was one of the worst burritos I've ever had.  Given that PHX is a short distance from Mexico, this was appalling. Their menu is totally bizarre. The two older hispanic gentlemen  behind me, spent a good 5 minutes going back and forth in spanish trying to figure out on earth their discombobulated menu was all about. My chicken burrito contained: a cake-like tortilla (not warmed, not grilled), a handful of lettuce, an few measly pieces of chicken and a dallop of sour cream. No beans. No rice. Plastic container of what seemed like Pace Picante salsa on the side.Total dissapointment.
1	They should write a book about how to ruin a soft taco.  I didn't think it was possible.  The corn tortilla was raw, not sauteed or warmed up at all, and thus tasted like cardboard.  The whole thing was cold.  The only good thing was the rice, which was very tasty.  A woman at the table next to us warned us that her chicken taco was horrible.  So why didn't we listen?  We figured it was just the chicken, but we should have asked more.
5	Service Great - Rosemarie helpful in selecting drinks. Food great as well. Price reasonable.
4	Seriously if your Jones' n for anything remotely healthy..or to take on your flight , because no airline caters coach 100%.. & even if that pre 9-11 perk does come back.. Just say eh eh., no... The B B is open early & crew members love this place. You can get vegetarian Mexican fare, and they will foil it for you for the trip.. I always get a vegetarian breakfast burrito..& after I'm done being fly sky godess.. I have it & usually warm.. So for airport cuisine.. This is pretty 'fly'.. Ps.. Located in T4 , near high A gates.. :-)
3	Checked this out last week and the chicken fajita burrito was actually ok based on my airport food standards (lower than regular food standards). I would look for other options if you have more time than I did.
2	BLAH is really all I can think of.  Blah, Blah, Blah.Everything tasted the same.  Everything!  I got an open chicken burrito which is basically a burrito in a bowl, opened.  It had chicken, rice, cheese, peppers, onions and the shell.  I ate a piece of chicken, tasted like the grill.  I ate some rice, tasted like the **Burnt** grill. I ate an onion, tasted like the grill.  I are a pepper, tasted like the grill.  I ate the cheese, tasted like a burnt grill with cheese on top. YUCK!  I ate about 4 forks full and was so disgusted I had to chuck it.Fail of an airport dinner to the max!
1	This place is terrible.  Utterly disgusting.  I had their trademark Blue Burrito and nothing about it was good.  All I wanted was one last good burrito  before leaving Arizona, and I should have eaten at the BK nearby. Yes, it was that bad.  STAY AWAY!
3	Having to wait for the plane, I decided to stop by the place next to this to sit and get something to eat.  I didn't know at the time, but basically it was food from the Blue Burrito they get through a window and they serve their own drinks.  It was well worth coming in and sitting down to eat.  The burrito was great and the salsa was excellent as well.  The chips were just store bought, but everything else was great.  I would say it's some of the best airport food I've eaten.
3	For Mexican food this place isn't great but for airport food it did the job. I got delayed an hour on my flight so I stoped in for a beer and a bite. They have dos equis on tap which was nice. I ordered the fajita burrito which was ok no real flavor but again for airport food wasn't bad. If you are at the high c gates it's the best of your options.
4	Very good burritos. Best food inside security.
3	For airport Mexican food I will give it a little credit.  My suggestion is keep it simple, order something like a quesadilla where odds of failure are really low and you'll probably come out alright.
1	Wowza!! Rock bottom honors. Worst in the universe, I'd rather eat dirt on Mars. One would have to be quite mentally and physically incapacitated to conjure this taco. Bitter black soft-shell, rendered un-ending by loads of cabbage like hay to masticate. Uncooked and unseasoned, hard black beans are paired with beef rendered lifeless as if washed in a laundry and beaten to pulp. Fly away, refuse to pay, someone say something this is an assault to all human sensibilities!!!
4	Love the Breakfast Burrito!   The best I've ever had.  I've also had the veggie burrito.  Love the black beans.  I go the one in Las Vegas and SLC.  I travel a lot.  Las Vegas has fantanic shrimp burritos and tacos in the sit-down part. Vegas is at C gates and SLC is in the B gates.  No alcohol at the one in SLC! No surpise.
4	Great chicken quesadilla.  Made with real chicken cooked right there.  Not from bag of pre-cooked chicken like most airport eateries. The mild salsa was made fresh and not from a jar.
3	I needed some breakfast...and I felt like having a breakfast burrito.  Deciding on the Blue Burrito (T4 near A22) , I wasn't too sure what to expect of my breakfast burrito with chorizzo.  All in all I was pleased that it tasted relatively authentic and didn't leave me regreting my decision later on my trip.  It filled me up and left me stuffed for several hours.
4	Just ate here for the first time in the Phoenix airport... I was looking for a burrito on the way to Minneapolis, and this fit the bill perfectly. I had their signature blue burrito, and everything tasted nice and fresh, including the tortilla. The only problem is that the person who filled my bag didn't put a napkin in... didn't realize it til I was sitting at my gate. Oh well.
3	I just got a carnitas rice bowl with a small drink for a tad less than $10.  The food was good enough.  I'm glad that I stopped here instead of at one of the California Pizza Kitchen outlets in this terminal.  Now on to the next flight...
3	Good little burrito stand in the Phoenix airport.  Service wasn't great, but never is in airports.  Ordered blue tacos with chicken, very tasty.  If you're nearby, I recommend.
2	You know whats really fucked up about this place? Its consistency. For instance, if you eat in the dining room you get a burrito so damn big that you cant finish it! Seriously, this thing was humongous and pretty much full on burrito madness. It tasted alright, very  in line with Chipotle or any other shitty corporate burrito joint, nothing special I assure you except for its girth.  So on our return trip to there airport we deiced to get a burrito but this time ordered it from the counter instead and had it to go. We deiced that we would only order 1 since they are so damn big. I'm not sure if in the 2 days that we gone and came back they had some serious changes or what? This burrito was so chicken shit and terribly small we wondered if there was a problem, kids size maybe? Anyways of course I asked and was told that was the normal to-go size. That's pretty much bullshit anyway you cut it. If you're going to sell a burrito, sell the same one whether you dine in or take out. So if you're in a pinch like we were, order your food in the dining room from a waiter, NOT to-go.
2	For some reason, I pictured that when ordering a 'Blue Burrito' it would come in a blue corn tortilla.  But it didn't.  (Maybe it used to but Godzilla-sized crows have decimated the blue corn supply? An upset in the food supply as blue corn farmers switch to growing the oh-so-popular quinoa?)  I had the signature Blue Burrito made without meat and without cheese (on that veggie kick again) and it was pretty marginal. Just your usual black bean, rice, salsa affair that was unfortunately tasteless.  The guacamole tasted exceptionally over-mayoed.  Being from Southern California, I always have high expectations for Mexican fare and am routinely disappointed when I'm not dining in my hometown.  Also, I had a little heartache over the fact this puppy set me back $9.39.  Not a great way to begin a 2-hour layover.
2	blue burrito grille - mexican redefined... my question is... redefined to what?  dont think good mexican needed to be redifined in the first place... when they say your burrito comes wtih sour cream and guac... its like a thin thin layer spread by a butter knife.... failed...
5	The best breakfast burrito I've ever had. My mouth is still tingling with delight and heat as I type this. Really just happened to be waiting for my flight and did not quite want a breakfast I could get back at home.... aka a Wendys breakfast.The Blue Burrito Grill was right across the way.I had their "works" breakfast burrito which features freshly seared chorizo, scrambled eggs, and potatoes. It came with a small plastic container of hot sauce which went perfectly with the burrito.This is a quick stop and run type place without any seating. They do have a bar height table to stand at and stuff your face.
4	Simple and tasty. Big blue burrito was just what I needed.
1	With one hell-of-a-layover, and starving I decided to stop at the Blue Burrito Grille in the Phoenix International Airport. I had many, many choices but this restaurant's friendly and warm ambience lured me in. I sat down to a semi-cleaned table that I had to wipe clean myself. Ok. Bad. But not that bad. I was quickly greeted and offered a drink. Looking over the menu my stomach told me to go with the chicken burrito. I hadn't had mexican food for quite some time, and the restaurant was bragging that they were known for their burritos so, bonus! Bring it on. The menu read that it came with all the ingredients that you would expect from a super burrito. It was delivered fairy quickly and cut in half, which I normally do not prefer. Come on now, I'm a big boy now, I don't someone cutting my food into smaller pieces anymore. At first glance it looked pretty tasty, and then I took a bite. Disappointment set in and if it wasn't for my gross need for nourishment at that point I would sent it back and left. This large burrito had no flavor what-so-ever, except for the taste of leftover chicken that has been reheated. There was absolutely no seasoning, and one third of the burrito was shredded lettuce. Adding the accompanying hot sauce did no good either. I don't know what to say. I had another bad airport food experience, again, on this trip. And, apparently, the people who were sitting two tables away were having their own bad experience as well, so bad, that they got up and left. In the end, SEASON YOUR MEAT! YOUR FOOD! Ambience is nice but food, especially mexican, usually has great flavor, so give it to us. Now that I am home I will be visiting my favorite taco truck in Oakland where I can get a real, authentic, great tasting burrito.
4	With delta agent not knowing when we are leaving, I took chance and ordered take out here.Not expecting much from airport food, yet to my surprise the blue burrito was quite edible. In fact I actually liked it very much. I'm sure my next seats didn't appreciate my sneaky deadly hello from rear end....
3	In a hurry in the Phoenix airport and saw Blue Burrito Grille. Ordered the Big Blue Burrito with pork. Unlike a previous reviewer, I got a LARGE burrito with plenty of fillings including some very tasty pork. The salsa was also very good. Their website says that the burritos come with chips and there was a huge bin of them on the counter but alas my burrito came sans chips... which I didn't notice until after I was on the airplane. A good place for a quick Mexican lunch but make sure you get the chips.
4	It's 7:00 a.m. with nothing really good for breakfast open while waiting for our flight. We came upon here thinking...could we want Mexican food so early? Well of course...love the stuff. I ordered the Chicken Big Blue Burrito which was delicious. Hubby got the breakfast burrito and didn't say a peep, so I'm not sure his thoughts. I was in a flavor heaven with all the wonderful seasonings coming together in this wrapped up tortilla. It's a must try. I have to add that the Burrito is a good size. I could not finish it off. Hubby had to take over and he loved it. I believe more than his breakfast burrito based on his attack on the thing. We got some chips and salsa on the side. Even those were good with the blue chips mixed in. There were 2 types of salsa that did a nice burn in our mouths just like we like it. We are chilli junkies what can I say. What I want to know is...will Blue Burrito Grille be coming to California? We like it!
4	After a great week in Arizona, my family and I decided on one last southwestern meal before flying home. We lived in Arizona a long time and have many time enjoyed a meal at the Blue Burrito on Camelback and in Scottsdale. I wasn't expecting much from the airport so I was very surprised when everything we ordered turned out about as good as we remembered from the main restaurants. My son enjoyed the blue burrito, which sadly was not colored blue as it should have been. But it tasted great. I ordered carnitas tacos made on blue corn tortilla (which actually was blue colored) and it was delicious.  I would definitely eat here again and would not hesitate to recommend it to my fellow travelers.
2	No beans in a carnitas burrito?? Wtf?  I arrived in the Phoenix airport tired and hungry after being stuck on a crappy flight in steerage from the other side of the country.  I needed some food in me and there were very few choices.The service was fast and the people at the counter friendly enough.  The burrito itself was disappointing and unhealthy without the benefit of being flavorful.  It is one thing to indulge in a guilty pleasure (think cake, donut, similar) and trade the fat and highly refined grains in exchange for something delicious every now and again.  But to get a white flour tortilla with unremarkable meat and nothing else is hardly worth the calories.  How about some guac or salsa (inside the burrito), some flavor in the meat, or at least some BEANS?  Fail.  I got on my next flight unsatisfied, with sticky fingers from the burrito falling apart on me, and a vow to never return here again.
2	After a lot of great food in Scottsdale, I grabbed a couple of chicken tacos here prior to a Delta flight. The service was good and the food came quickly. However, the chicken was seriously overcooked. (In retrospect, this beats the alternative). I read a lot of good reviews, so maybe I hit this place on a really bad day of holiday travel. Dried chicken taco's = yuck! I'm starving, so I ate these anyhow. Next time I'll try the burrito!
3	I had the rice bowl with pork during a quick one hour layover. The pork was lean and had decent spice, the onions and peppers were fresh, and the rice was spicy and fresh. The meal came with hot thin tortillas and was a better meal than I expected from a food court stand in an airport. If you eat here though eat this in the airport not on the plane, your seatmates really don't want to smell a Mexican lunch on a cross country flight!
4	Thought I'd be hanging in the CLOSED Delta Skyclub (Delta -reopen it!)Two of us shared the Big Blue Burrito and Carnitas soft tacos - great way to enjoy both entrees!Not a huge menu, but I'd eat here again!
1	I was super disappointed with Blue Burrito.  I realize it is in the airport, but I thought that being in the southwest would get me something that could at least compete with Taco Bell.  Not the case.  The only upside was that it was pretty fast.
2	The girl at the register was nice enough but the kitchen behind her was in worrisome chaos. She called my order back about five or six times before anyone heard her, and even then the workers seemed more interested in jawing than in making my food. The food itself was undersized and bland, though with the salsa and Tapatio, it had a little flavor and heat.
4	Decent airport food.I usually am here in the AM, so I do breakfast.The pork carnitas burrito is awesome (for the airport). Its made to order so you can substitute as you like it. (For me no cheese and sub black beans instead of potatoes)Also they give A LOT of food (I usually can't quite finish the whole burrito by myself) so you get a bang for your buck (um, FINALLY an airport restaurant that doesn't follow the code of "shitty and overpriced")Also the coffee has a nice flavor (not the normal burnt black that I actually LOVE), and it comes in one of those taller glass mugs (I would prefer a regular mug, but I guess it makes it look nicer?)Overall one of the cozier places I've hit up in the airport.
1	Shitty burrito served by an angry old hippy.  I asked if the guac had onions, and he answered "yeah, but you can't taste it!" to which I replied "then why's it there" and then he said "for flavor, but you can't taste it"  then said angry old hippy talked smack about me to his coworker while I was still in earshot.  Worst burrito ever made by someone who honestly doesn't dig his job.  He lacked customer service, a sense of humor and the ability to whisper.  Fuck you old hippy & fuck you blue burrito!
4	I stop at the blue burrito about once every other week when I'm passing through PHX. I'm a big fan of the Works burrito for breakfast and the fajita burrito for lunch and dinner. If I have enough time to dine there, that great otherwise I will just head to the carryout. It's worth walking here from other terminals.
1	It takes very little in a burrito to satisfy me. Mainly, it's fresh ingredients. In a pinch, I can even enjoy Taco Bell.  I threw my veggie burrito away uneaten. It was just bad. Stale, tasteless, and soggy. Finally decided on CPK for my second dinner, but Burger King would have still been way better than Blue Burrito Grill.
3	Was catching an early morning flight and this place was a life saver. The burritos were made fresh and they had quite some options to choose. I had to grab one fast before the flight and the service was quick and super easy. I would recommend this place for pit stoppers at Phoenix airport.
2	NOW CLOSED.  3/18/2013  Big red wall closing off Blue Burrito and the Cantina that was attached to it.
1	Cafeteria taste- airport friendliness
3	I had a lay-over at Phoenix, AZ on my way to San Diego, CA (wierd lay-over right?!) and this joint caught my eyes.I chose their Signature Big Blue Burrito with carne asada. Of course, since this place is inside the airport, pricing wise was expensive ($8). I think I was just really hungry when I landed so it tasted pretty good to me. It came with guacamole, sour cream, rice, beans, and cheese.Overall, I think I had better burrito in the Bay Area for cheaper price.
4	Decent vegi burrito. Not mind blowing, but not bad either. Service was friendly and they got me my burrito quickly.One of the better and quicker options for vegi folks in the airport.
4	Not bad.  Not bad for you.  Big chunks of chicken--good protein fix.  Not quite up to Chipotle's level but I'd do it again...nothing is as portable as a burrito!  The perfect airport food.
2	I'm a big fan of burritos, especially the "garbage" variety of mixed meat, rice, beans, sauce and salsa that I remember from living in Los Angeles and Southern California. They were super big and super tasty.Not so at Blue Burrito.  My burrito was barely edible.  A Taco Bell Cantina Chicken Bowl is better tasting than this and it's a far cry from a burrito at Chipotle.  The service was pretty quick but for some reason they were out of chicken, so thanks, no thanks I'll skip Blue Burrito next time.Would have been slightly better if I could have gotten the sauce packets opened.  Maybe it wouldn't have tasted too salty and on the bland side.  There must have been a thimbleful of guacamole on my burrito as I couldn't taste it at all.  The flavors never mixed or fused into anything enjoyable.What was imagined as a healthier alternative to airport food was pretty disappointing and resulting in my drinking a lot on the plane to get the salty taste out of my mouth.
2	Mediocre at best. I know that this place is located in the airport, but airport food can be great - this was NOT!This was my second time visiting the Blue Burrito Grille in the Phoenix airport. The first time I tried a chicken and rice bowl. The whole thing was very bland, and needed tons of hot sauce. I understand that a rice bowl doesn't always scream flavor, so I decided to give them another shot while in transit back home to San Diego.I asked the girl at the register how the Blue Corn Soft Tacos were like, and if they were any good. She replied " I don't know, haven't had it." Ok, maybe she's new. I ordered in anyway and got it with chicken. Once again, BLAND and tasteless. The lettuce was soggy, the cheese was stringy and the chicken had no flavor, not a fan. Even the side order of chips were stale and tasteless.Not a fan, I won't be back.
4	Good burrito.A bit overpriced for what they offered, but airport food is always a bit more expensive.Regardless of the price, I thought it was a good breakfast burrito. And they had it out pretty fast.
2	Was connecting through PHX on 3/8 and had the Blue Corn Chicken Tacos. The chicken had the consistency and taste of an old leather shoe with the price of new Nike's. Would not recommend, but was the only choice at the time.
3	Great? No. A decent, reasonably priced burrito for an airport, and fast? Yes.  There's not that much to say about a place like this, other than if I was hungry in this airport terminal again, I'd probably be back.  The staff was both fast and friendly, given that they were busy.  They sell decent (non-alcoholic) drinks, including Naked Juice.Probably the best thing on the menu is the Blue Burrito Super Burrito.
3	Blue Burrito Grille in all its Southwestern, Arizona chain glory, is a shell of its self in the airport version. It is instead a haven for hungry travelers, all willing to pay the marked up prices while expecting a lackluster burrito. It is true when the food is neither life changing nor cheap, but this BBG will do when the pickins are as slim as Sky Harbor Airport.More likely to be a coincidence of my flights, I seem to be around whenever there is a decent sized line of folks. Contemplating on ordering a burrito while your departing flight is boarding? Aim for the plane - BBG workers aren't going to assemble a burrito and dress it in the time that you need. Service isn't exactly bustling here and knowing the burrito is going to be subpar is going to make one why you bothered to pay $9-11 for it in the first place.Instead of ordering the usual asada burritos, my secret weapon is to try to score one of their breakfast burritos during the morning. They're cheaper, the same size, and often more fresh than others since they have to be cooked on the spot. People who aren't fans of burritos can take their chances with a taco salad, which sits inside of a shell bowl, but is largely unappealing. Finally, the quesadillas are a popular option, but they cost nearly as much as the burritos with significantly less portion.The sad part is the other options in the terminal aren't much better. It might be better to sneak out of the airport entirely for some tortilla action at Carolina's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/carolinas-mexican-food-phoenix). Your tastebuds and wallet will thank you for it.
2	With a quick layover in Phoenix, I did some research and found there was a vegan-friendly Mexican eatery right in the airport. Blue Burrito Grille is its name and lard-free beans are its game.It offered a limited menu in the airport that included breakfast, burritos, favorites, and salads. I went with the vegetarian burrito with no-lard black beans, grilled peppers & onions, lettuce, and guacamole. I added the guacamole and asked them to hold the cheese. With it, they gave me some of the Tappato "hot" sauce.The burrito really wasn't that good, but I was happy to have a real meal. The beans and veggies were pretty flavorless and the hot sauce wasn't that great either. And there was so little guacamole that it didn't add much to the meal. That said, if I'm ever in this airport again, I'd eat here again because the options are limited and this sure was better than nothing.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!Sick for 6 days compliments of Blue Burrito (PHX terminal 3) egg burrito. Shared this contaminated food with my husband who too is finally recovering.  Outfits like this get away with dirty food all the time.  People passing thru only to become sick after leaving PHX!  Read reviews.  One poor guy ate there before leaving for Europe.  Sick for 4 days. Beware!
3	THIS PLACE IS CLOSED. Blue Burrito was the only place in the PHX airport that had decent vegetarian food. The vegetarian burrito was my staple food when connecting through Phoenix.  Sad they're closed because I haven't found a replacement yet.
1	Why bother reviewing? To warn my fellow Yelpers of course. It was bland and unfortunately there is such a thing as a tasteless burrito. The salsa was boring as it was all heat and no flavor. The blue corn tortilla wrap they use tastes like recycled cardboard and the price was an added insult. This was clearly a mistake in the culinary pantheon of airport layover meals. Stay away. You may find more authentic Mexican at Chipotle.
