3	True. Not as good as Yougurtland. Not bad either. 49 cents an ounce is acceptable for a strip property. I had the pistachio, dulce de leche and blueberry acai. All were good.
4	This place has a great selection of flavors and seems to change regularly.  I have tried over 10 different flavors, and I have never been disappointed.  It is also a great place to go for a cool snack when the outside temperature is 100 degrees or more.
4	Nice crepes, americanized though. Could do without the sugar on top.
1	I'm dying for yogurt so we're in Mandalay Bay trying their yogurt. Don't try the original tart & mango.  Tastes like medicine.As for cleanliness not to fond of the self serve.  I see tourist coughing covering their mouths then touching the handles to get  the yogurt - not a good idea for cleanliness.
4	We were in the mood for something light before going to see our show and we stumbled upon Yogurt In.  We filled up our cup with several flavors including coconut, mango, cheesecake and peanut butter.  Then we added all sorts of goodies to our yogurt and they even have Pina Colada Sobe!  The yogurt was delicious...so rich and creamy.  We loved it.  They also serve crepes which looked fantastic.  Next time we will try one of those.  But of course all this yummy goodness comes at a price.  For one yogurt and a drink it came to almost $10.00.  But it's Las Vegas and everything costs more!
3	Out of the different places at Mandalay I was a bit surprised, pleasantly, at Yogurt In and Crepes.  The nice thing about this place compared to many of the other places in the Mandalay is that it is fast and reasonably priced.Grabbed a quick lunch with a savory crepe.  The hungarian crepe had several cheeses, spinach, and mushrooms wrapped in a nice crepe.  This was a substantial crepe as far as thickness of the crepe, which seemed to fit with the savory type.  The spinach was a nice par-boiled so not too crunchy but not soggy either.The cheese mix was a  nice touch with average mushrooms.  Fresh mushrooms would have been nicer.Hopefully their sweet dessert crepes are a bit thinner and lighter, if not it would not be a good match.There has been some back and forth listed here regarding their yogurt, which I did not have the chance to sample.  But for a quick lunch the savory crepes are A-Ok and reasonably priced for a casino based eatery.
4	As we were walking around Mandalay we were hungry for some breakfast and we needed to grab something quick. We came along to this nice shop that sold yogurt which is self service and pay by the weight of your item. I noticed they also sell crepes which i was in the mood for.Thinking that it was just mediocre crepes, i decided to order the breakfast savory crepes while my friend gets the tuna cheese crepe. I also underestimated the portions of the crepes thinking it'd be just a snack, it actually filled me up! And its pretty decently priced considering it was  inside the hotel.All in all it was a decent crepe that I've haven't had in ages. Would go back if I'm around the area.
2	This self-serve frozen yogurt shop is located at Mandalay Place (right where Mandalay Place meets Mandalay Bay).  They had a decent though not great variety of flavors and toppings (fruit, nuts, candy bar, and Ghirardelli syrups; surprisingly, they were missing cereal).  The frozen yogurt (like chocolate and pumpkin) was okay--pretty good flavor and firm enough but not icy texture.The problem with this frozen yogurt shop is that it is quite expensive ($0.49 per ounce).  While that high price should not be too much of a surprise considering that Yogurt In is located in Vegas, this place's quality and variety alone would put it in the average to below average range when compared to other frozen yogurt shops.They also sell crepes here.  Service was quick and fine.Mandalay Place has a complimentary parking structure.  Complimentary valet parking is also available.
4	After a day of running around the Strip and heading back to our room, we walked by the Yogurt In. You walk in and it's basically a wall of different flavors of Yogurt. The give you a cup and you just get to wander and mix and match to your heart's content. After picking your flavor you get to pick and choose from about 20 or so different toppings like cherries, strawberries, snickers, etc.They charge by the ounce (.49 cents) so it can add up quick, but everything was so  yummy so who cares??
3	Decent little yogurt and crepes shop just outside of House of Blues/Mandalay Casino as you go into the shops.  Tons of flavors to choose from, from the plain (chocolate) to the slightly more indulgent (cheesecake).  They also have a self service bar of toppings with everything from fresh fruit to crushed up candy bars.  Sort of a do it yourself Pinkberry. I liked it, it does get really backed up since it is self service and you can stand there with your cup for awhile while the people in front of you take a year to pick toppings!  Price is in line with the Vegas strip - so expensive for what it is - but it is fro yo in a casino I didn't expect it to be cheap.  It was fun.  Wanted to try the crepes, but never got a chance - they looked and smelled wonderful!
4	Pretty similar to all the self serve fro'yo places around SoCal, except this one is inside the Mandalay Bay, right outside the House of Blues..49 cents per oz.--- more than normal, but you are on the strip.They also have fresh-made crepes. All kinds from breakfast and lunch to dessert flavors.I tried two dessert crepes while I was in Vegas.The Sweet Crepes Paris with apples, carmel and nuts and the Chocolate Mousse crepe.$8.99 each.Both were really good... hot and fresh.... made while you watch.This is a great place to grab a quick and easy dessert in the middle of Mandalay Bay.You can also grab a bottled water or fountain drink here for $2.75 which seems pretty reasonable for "Vegas pricing".
3	Lots of self serve yogurt flavors (49 cents per ounce, which is the Vegas strip premium). I also tried the nutella and banana crepe. You could see them being made right there. Also they had a friendly gentleman as a 'greeter' who made sure people knew what to do and explained everything. Overall - decent desert crepe, but expensive ($9) and good choices for yogurt but you are paying the premium of not leaving the hotel or strip.
2	I ordered the Crepe Milan. It took a while to make, but I was in no hurry.The consistency of the crepe was too soft, and was very difficult to eat as a result. It would fall apart before reaching my mouth... every... single... time. My coworkers laughed at my plight. It was like trying to have soup with fork.Shame.... I love Crepes. I wouldn't come here again.
2	It was ok. Just ok. Crepes looked good. You can't sample on your own and need to wait for the employee to fill you a sample cup. Problem is she was super distracted and had me waiting so long I almost walked out. I've never seen anyone quite like her actually. 1st she told me I can have only 2 samples . I said ok... I told her which ones. She gave me one and turned her back to me and asked the next person if they wanted any samples. I didn't mind that... But I did mind when she started a LONG convo with the couple, and I was standing there waiting. Had to come all the way around so that I could have her see me again (the  crepe station is in the center of the shop and the room is round and her back was facing me, it was either that or tapping her shoulder from her back). Finally the woman's husband she was talking to pointed out that I needed assistance. She filled my second flavor and I filled my cup. I just wanted to pay and leave and now she comes up to the cashier and starts a convo with her! Really?!?  (like she couldn't wait 1 min for me to pay and leave, nobody was behind me and the other couple had left) good thing cashier was focused and took care of me before they wasted any more of my time. Sad thing is, I'm sure she doesn't even realize what she did.
4	I enjoyed a crepe for breakfast this morning and it was delicious!  They are actually huge and quite filling - I probably only ate half of it.  They take a little while to make, but I felt it was worth the wait for sure!
4	Have only tried the frozen yogurt, not crepes, but think this is the best spot on the Strip for self-serve frozen yogurt.  49 cents an ounce is as cheap as you will find on the Strip (without going to Yogurtland at Town Square) and the selection of toppings and flavors is above average.  I wouldn't pick it over Yogurtland, but on the Strip this would always have my vote.
3	Not bad, not great, but given we were staying at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, they get an extra star for the convenience.It's self serve yogurt at Vegas strip prices.  They had a decent amount of flavors...heavy on the fruity, tart ones.  My son decided to make himself a smoothie, which was a nice change.  You grab a cup, put any flavor yogurt in (my kiddo chose 3), add your choice of fruit/toppings, and then pay.  The gal at the register then puts all your goodies in a blender and voila...smoothie a la 7 year old kiddo.  All this for the low, low price of $8. (I kid, I kid).  I did notice she added milk to make it more of a creamy smoothie, so for those lactose intolerant friends like me, let them know to skip the milk. I had a nutella crepe, and while it came with a ton of nutella, it ended up being a tad bit soggy.  Tasty nonetheless, but with a steep price tag of $8 as well.  So, a solid 3, with 1 star being for location.
4	If you like rich crepes this place is for you. I stopped by and tried the Banana Lottie, I think that's what it's called and it was good. But very sweet and rich. Make sure to share the portions are super gigantic. Later I stopped by again and decided to go for savory and went with the Salmon crepe. It has a ton of cream cheese, of course it tasted delicious. Unfortunately I could only eat half again because it was rich and very huge. I think Man V Food would love this place, maybe not. But it's decent and the crepes are priced ok I paid $10 wish I had some one to share it with. The service was ok, nothing to rave about. I would recommend for a quick eat totally worth it.
4	I did not get a chance to try their yogurt, but I do have to say - - their crepes are some of the best I've ever had! Belgian mousse crepe, Nutella crepe as well as Mediterranean crepe - all were mmmmmm!
4	I ate here several times while staying at the Luxor and was happy each time. Nothing special. Nothing to write home about. Just plain frozen yogurt and crepes. No problem here!
4	I went to the Mandalay Bay location two days in a row. Looooooved it!I'm not a big fan of ice cream or fro-yo in general, but I love smoothies. This place offers the option to make your own fro-yo smoothie! I combined strawberry, pineapple, and coconut flavored yogurts, then topped with chopped strawberry and pineapple and shredded coconut (I'm so creative.) IT WAS SO NOMS. The shredded coconut really put it over the moon.The next morning, I split a crepe with a friend. Ham, cheddar jack, spinach and mushrooms with a side of alfredo sauce. I'm typically not a fan of omelette-type things first thing in the morning, but this was THE CAT'S PAJAMAS. OMG.This place just needs to add a coffee machine so you're not forced to stand in the obnoxious Starbucks line next door to get your coffee fix.
4	Great food when you don't want to over-stuff yourself. Fun for kids and everyone. Offers savory and sweet crepes, as well as frozen yogurts of multiple flavors, and self combine parfait.Open till late. Very decently priced compared to Strip prices ($8-$10 for a yummy crepe).
2	My friends and I stopped in for a quick treat before a concert at the House of Blues since it is located right next door. 59 cents an ounce is the going price for their sugary and processed frozen yogurt. I might have loved this stuff before, but now that I have weaned myself off this style of froyo, it is hard to stomach. I tried a little bit of their blueberry-acai, lemon, and mango sorbet. When the lemon mixed with any of the other flavors, it gave it an off taste. Normally I would say that citrus would only improve any fruit base, but I was horribly wrong. It does not help that their fruit looked old and half of it came from cans.
3	Now they serve mini cupcakes and while they look darn cute, and are a decent price, they lacked flavor and were a bit dry.  At $6+ for 4, you can decide for yourself.   Me? I'll stick to the nutella crepe.
1	The service was great, the yogurt was crap. I had vanilla, my girlfriend had the cheesecake yogurt, chocolate, peanut butter and coconut. Best one was peanut butter, but the texture was nasty. The cheesecake yogurt was sour and tasted like it was going bad. We both got stomach aches from it. We just tasted it, luckily we didn't eat it all or we would of spent the rest of our trip on the shitter in our room.
2	Bleh!  Worst frozen yogurt ever.  All chemicals and water.  In fact, the worst I have ever had.I tried two flavors: vanilla and chocolate.  You can always tell really bad frozen yogurt from good frozen yogurt.  Good frozen yogurt will be completely white and made from real milk.  Bad frozen yogurt almost has a cum like color to it.  Off white and you can see through it.  Oh, and It's served at this place.  Basically powder that's mixed with water.I decided to have my usual: oreos with nuts and chocolate sauce.  I thought it was ok right up until my husband said, "That is the most foul smelling yogurt I have ever smelled."  He was right.  At $10 bucks a cup, I felt obligated to eat all of it.  And it made me sick.I give them an extra star because they serve crepes that are pretty good and very close if you're staying at Mandalay.  Slightly expensive but worth it since there are no crepes in close proximity.  Unless you want to walk.  Which I usually don't.  Because I always lose my money on the first day.  I end up doing the depression trudge the rest of the trip and punish myself with this chemical slop.
2	I guess I am spoiled by Sweet Cece's.  For 17 bucks worth of Yogurt it was pretty much a disappointment.  None of my flavors were really all that great.Having said that, perhaps the "and Crepes" is where this place really shines, but I didn't have one of those.I can't recommend this to anyone based on my experience here.  If you do Yogurt In, I hope you have better luck than I did.
1	By far the worst yogurt experience I have ever had. The flavors all pretty much tasted the same, which is watery and bland. They have good mix-ins, but that far from makes up for the yogurt, which should be the highlight, not the disappointment. The staff were not very helpful, either. We were thinking of getting crepes, too, but no one was in the crepe center, and even upon looking around no one asked if we needed help. I could comment on their prices, but the only way they could make your purchase worth it is if they were giving it away for free.
2	I needed a sweet fix after lunch, and Yogurt In was cheap and across the corridor.  However, flavor selection is limited, flavors aren't all that great, and it was too icy for my preference.  I had the dulce de leche and cookies n' cream and didn't like either one.  Decent selection of toppings.  Staff was friendly though, but I wouldn't return.
1	Heck no. Not only is place extremely expensive, the food sucks.7$ for a the world's smallest sandwich? No.10$ for a tasteless crepe? Meh.A night of food poisoning? Priceless.I got the Breakfast crepe which had mushrooms, cheese and eggs in it. I have no fricken idea what exactly decided to attack my body in a medieval slaying GOT style, but whatever it was, I feel half dead.They can get away with charging laughable prices because they know that once the other, better restaurants in the Mandalay fill up, hungry people will have no choice but to go to them, or brave the strip. Which is what happened to us, but we had to be at a show at 9pm, and were pretty hungry. Bad idea. Bad, bad, bad idea. If I shall die tonight, at least I can say I tried to be a good Yelper in trying new places.
1	$14 for a cup of yogurt.
1	Stay away from the dairy during this time...my two sons had yogurt (chocolate and strawberry) and a friend of ours had whipped cream on her crepes tonight.  All three had to run for the bathroom soon after.  Something is spoiling the dairy tonight.  My other son only had a cup of non-dairy toppings and my wife had strawberry crepes with powdered sugar...they are both fine.  My boys were able to flush it out and are fine now but our friend is still in bed..probably for the rest of the night.  What a way to end her last night of her trip.
5	This yogurt place makes good crepes!  While staying at the Aria, I had a create-your-own savory crepe here, with smoked salmon, mozzarella cheese, diced tomatoes and eggs, and oh gawd....that crepe was super yummy!  Portion was huge, and price was only $9.99 plus tax!  This salmon and egg crepe was even tastier than the crepes that I had at my all-time-favorite "La Creperie" inside the Paris Hotel.  One more thing, service was friendly and prompt. Yogurt In is now my "must-go" crepe shop in Vegas!
2	I have been to a number of self-serve yogurt places. In fact, it has become our go-to dessert for our family.This one was not impressive at all. It is more expensive than many others (although maybe not so much for the Strip). And the selection, particularly for the toppings, was not very good.You don't have a lot of other options this far down on the Strip, so it is okay from that perspective. However, if you don't mind walking, consider finding another location.
2	Not a huge fan of the flavors here ... or the consistency of the yogurt. The crepes were actually not bad ... I had the raspberry one and it was pretty good. But for a yogurt place the yogurt should definitely be better. On the plus side, it's open late ... so #win
1	I hate being a hater.  My first approach is to always resolve an issue with management before reverting to Yelp and the credit card co. to dispute a transaction.  This time, unfortunately, I must go all the way and bash the business.  My family and I bought a yogurt (self-serve, no brainer) and a crepe here.  Simple transaction.  I ordered a cinnamon / sugar crepe, probably the most basic of crepes in the world of creperies.  Short story shorter: they ran out of butter for the crepe, tried to pass off Crisco in a spray can as "butter" and wouldn't give me a refund when I didn't want that.
1	Should have read read the reviews before trying.... Bad service! Went there 3 mins before closing and lady asks to take our order, we asked for one of the crepes. Now she said they are out of crepes. What? You're making a couple of them now! Then she changes her story that they are closed, what the heck is going on??? Where is the customer service at? I'm excepting a little more from the Mandalay Bay. We stay here and even though this is probably an independent place, our expectations of a really nice hotel charging higher prices isn't too much to ask of better service...right? We ordered a coffee and right away new it was really old. We added cream it turned gray. Gross. Just left not even worth he time to speak with the employees. Needs a better management team. And friendlier employees. If you don't like your job, fine but taking it out on the customers will only loose you business. Take the time remember your offering a service!
3	slow service, yogurt taste a bit like powder and was gritty ( Banana-strawberry), but the mango yogurt was delicious
3	This place gets low reviews for their yogurt.  I came here specifically for their crepes and specifically for the savory crepes, the pepperoni and cheese and the ham and cheese.  At about $9.50 they're a bit expensive, but they do provide a good portion.  I was expecting smaller portions.  I had two and was completely full.  The largest crepe I ever had was from a Middle Eastern vendor in Paris and only one filled with ground beef did the job to fill me up for the day.  So just saying, a single crepe here can do the job of filling you up for dinner.  The ham was all tiny diced up and tasteless but the cheese made up for it.  Can't say anything about the yogurt, but it was a decent creperie, kind of like the Subway of crepes, not exactly gourmet crepes.
1	This place is ridiculous. The price is not only out of control for the average froyo place, your serving will most likely cost you two times more than any other chain, BUT the service is horrible. The two workers there were BOTH on their cell phones the whole time my friend and I were there. NOT A CLASSY ENOUGH PLACE TO BE LOCATED IN MANDALAY BAY. Shame. If you want good froyo go to the place in the Galleria Mall in Henderson.
1	Good Food - Horrendous Pompous ServiceWe went to this place and ordered two pretzels and a crepe.  We were watching the lady make my crepe, not saying anything.  The crepe station is surrounded by glass so people can watch.  After a couple of minutes the lady said NASTILY - " you can sit down and we will call you when it is ready"Shocked, We walked a couple of feet away and still watchedThe second lady put two pretzels in two bags and handed it to us, however she forgot the cheese and had to be asked for it.The crepe was on the heater and I asked to Nasty woman did you forget to put ham in it.  She insisted she did, and I asked her to check.  Low and behold the Nasty girl realized she forgot and began to tear apart the crepe to add the ham.  I was not pleased with the messed up crepe, however I did not want to make them more upset because you know I am the paying customer.They then gave me the crepe and I pointed out they forgot the sauce.  This is getting a poor rating because of the above, the food was decent.  If the girls were decently nice I would have given it a three star.  I had to correct 3 mistakes and not once did they apologize for the mistakes or the outright rudeness.Date of purchase: 11/30/2013Time 1020 AMReceipt Number 546252They should be FIRED
5	Little place in the corner that really doesn't match the hotel but wanted frozen yogurt so decided to give it a chance.  Also saw them making crepes which smelled yummy.  They have basic flavors and toppings.  They all tasted pretty good.  Not sure I'll be back since I'm pretty sure there's better places especially since it's vegas.
1	Over price, yogurt taste stall and the staff and owners are horrid. DO NOT GO!
1	I hope the owner of this joint reads these reviews.  But... based on these reviews and the continued horrible service, I guess the owners are just as awful as the staff.We asked for sample cups.  Rude employee #1 says they ran out of cups.  So, I see little cups in the crepe station and ask if we can use those instead.   No.  Because they're too expensive and they're bigger than the sample cups.So, I ask for a spoon.   I'll just put a dab on a spoon then lol.  Look at me!  I'm a problem solver.  I'm just thinking outside the box so that ultimately a sale will be made for them.  Cuz if I try something and like it, I'll buy it.Rude employee #2 says no, I can't have a spoon.So I took a fork :)By this point, it's just a matter of principle.   You ran out of sample cups.  That's not my problem.  Let me sample something!Soooo... I put a dollop on my fork to sample it.  Rude employee #1 YELLS at me to stop.  I said no.  You don't have sample cups, you refuse to give me one of those other cups, and I'm not going to buy something without sampling it first!Another customer comes over to me and says, I agree with you.  You should be able to sample it.  Lol...  Anyhoo...  I decided to not patronize their shop cuz they were rude ass bitches who can't think outside the box to help the customer.My bf was the one who was craving dessert anyway....   turns out it's. 59/ounce.  And I think there's something fishy about their scale.  Cuz his cup wasn't even half full, no toppings, and somehow it was over 9 ounces.Really?  Really...
3	The yogurts ice cream is ok, but didn't like the cinnamon pretzel, too dry, the didnt even have anythibg to dip them to make them less dry.
1	During a stay at Mandalay Bay, we got yogurt and a crepe here.  I ordered the caramel apple crepe and it WAS NOT what I expected.  I thought I was going to get real apples with caramel and instead, it was APPLESAUCE inside a crepe with caramel drizzled on top.  Not at all what I would have ordered if I would have known.  A very expensive applesauce might I add.  I would not eat here again.  Ever.
3	Yogurt In... Overpriced and just ok.  I've stopped here a few times when my sweet tooth takes control.  The service here is underwhelming.  I can't say it's bad but just not great.  There are plenty of flavors to choose from as far as yogurt. The toppings are the usual to pick from to make your creation. There is just something about their yogurt that doesn't taste as good as other yogurt places.  If you have a moment of weakness, then by all means this will do the trick.  I wouldn't go out of your way for their frozen yogurt.
2	Food was OK.....not what I expected for the price. Also the two ladies working got in an argument and were yelling at each other right in front of us. Awkward. Could get better crepes in las Vegas.
3	Had the Nutella, strawberry, and bananas crepe. It was actually good enough for me to come back two nights later and have another one.  If you're looking for a dessert or snack this might be the place.
3	The space between the frozen yogurt handles and the crepe station is limited. I enjoyed the Strawberry flavored frozen yogurt and Banana flavored frozen yogurt topped with multicolored mochi and frozen fruits (e.g., mango, kiwi, etc).
3	The best thing is the cone bowl you can get with yogurt.  Their yogurt is not great.  Yogurtland or Menchies tastes better.  Service is good though.
