5	This is one of the best Chinese restaurants in the south part of the valley - There is a reason why this place has been voted the best of Las Vegas by the RJ for a few years. The service is great and the food is the best I have had in sometime ! Take out? Dine In? Take your pick - they make you feel at home either way!
4	Golden Flower is the best Chinese food on the east side of Las Vegas. The west side has Chinatown, where you can find many great Chinese restaurants, but on the east side they are hard to find. I order their lunch specials quite often, which are very cheap (around 5-6 bucks), and give you a lot of food. My favorite dishes are the hong kong style crispy noodles, and the honey walnut shrimp. My roommate usually orders their orange chicken, which seems boring, but golden flower's version is very good. Their chow mein is also very good, always serving with a lot of meat and veggies. Their staff is very good, and have stayed open later than needed several times to make me my food
4	Pretty solid Chinese delivery, especially considering the side of town they're on! My boyfriend and I ordered from here earlier and it was delicious. It took about 30-40 minutes for the food to arrive. We ordered the whole roast duck [a huge styrofoam takeout container stuffed with crispy-skinned, savory roast duck], the mongolian beef [a smokey, chile & green onion infused beef on top of crisped tiny noodles] and the appetizer platter [2 eggrolls- stuffed with cabbage but yummy, 2 fried shrimp- mushy and obviously frost bitten  and my least favorite thing, 2 'rangoons'- on the menu I ordered from online they were called 'shrimp puffs' but they were just wontons stuffed w/cream cheese and deep fried and 2 bbq pork ribs- the sauce was like a candy coating, crispy, caramelized and sweet with tender pork inside].Overall the food was quite good, especially the duck. The skin was crisp and much of the fat had been rendered, leaving a tender and flavorful meat to gnaw at. The coating seemed hoisin based, but it was delicious! It came with a thick brown syrupy sauce to dunk, but I found the sauce worked well for the eggrolls as well. The eggrolls were crisp on the outside with moist, slightly-crunchy steamed cabbage. I liked the eggrolls as they were fairly light, despite being deepfried. The mongolian beef was a nice change of pace from the kind we usually get, served in thai restaurants. Often those versions have a lot of bell peppers and huge chunks of onion, while this version offered sauteed green onions and dried chiles, lending a more aromatic flavor and subtle texture. The tiny crisped noodles were a yummy touch, soaking up the soy-infused sauce oozing out of the beef. The pork ribs tasted candy coated from the thick sweet sauce that had hardened on the outside, but it contrasted well with the tender meat underneath. I'm no master of chinese-style bbq pork, however, so I'm not really qualified. ;} It was pretty tasty, though. The wontons were crisp, simple, snacky american-ized food. Tasty, but not something I would seek out again. They're so dastardly simple, it's almost embarassing to order them out. I would imagine the food isn't particularly authentic, but it's pretty yummy. It looks like they have some good lunch & dinner deals for cheap, so it's a good option if you're in the neighborhood. I look forward to trying more of their items!Also, the portion sizes are ginormous. We payed $45.13 for our order, but we'll get at least 6 meals out of it [or 3 for the boy and i each
1	The service was friendly and reasonably fast. HOWEVER, this was damn near the worst Chinese food I have ever had.... it tasted and appeared as if the food had been sitting out for DAYS. After 3 bites, my famine did not matter- the "food" was in the trash. If you value your intestine do not go here.
4	Went looking for a place near Fern Adair to take my children to right after dance class and found this place on the walking score site website and then checked to see what Yelpers thought of it.  Seemed to have decent reviews so we went there this evening.It was really good.  I have to say the service was top notch.  I guess we got there just after 6:00 PM so at first I thought the service was so good because there were not that many other customers there.  But the place started filling up and they still kept up just fine.  Service was just super the whole time.  We ordered just standard Chinese restaurant fare - sweet and sour pork, house fried rice, chicken teriyaki, house special chow mein.  It was all just really good, basic Chinese food, cooked fine, and tasty.  Also had won ton soup and it was particularly delicious.  The prices were quite reasonable.Glad to have found a neat place we can stop by after dance class when we are too busy to cook at home.  Plus the place just seemed comfortable; a nice place to relax as well.Liked it a lot.  Yummy food and perfectly nice service.
5	I have never had a bad meal here.  They have a great selection of Chinese food for any appetite.  I have never found potstickers as good as the ones at Golden Flower. I highly recommend this jewel of a restaurant in Las Vegas! Great food and great service!
4	I came here for the strawberry chicken, since that's a dish I seldom see at Chinese restaurants.  It was good; the chicken pieces were made of white meat with a crunchy outside, but the strawberry sauce wasn't as good as I've experienced elsewhere.  Still, I feel this is a quality restaurant, so I will be returning in time.
4	So good during a rush they are so sweet N super fast! Good Chinese neighborhood restaurant !
5	My wife had eaten here for lunch one day and said it was a good meal, we needed dinner, were right next door at the UPS store, so we would save gas and (hopefully) enjoy a good dinner.A craving for sesame chicken had been creeping in for a while, so that was what both of us ended up ordering. She got the special with soup and a different side, I got the plate with rice only.When the meal was served up, I received a rather large plate COVERED in a large serving of sesame chicken, wafting up to my olfactory receptors was an inviting aroma of teriyaki and chicken. There was also a surprisingly large container of steamed rice before me as well. Normally, Asian restaurants give a small cup of rice. Not Golden Flower! They actually give enough rice to compliment the generous portion of chicken.We were both full after making dents into our meals, and had lunch for the next day too! All of this was under $20.00 before tip. Seriously?! Two dinners and two lunches for under $20! It was delicious, good service and big enough portions to eat the next day, this place is a great value to match the quality of food.
5	This is some of the best Chinese food I have EVER had!  The service is great both in store and delivery.  Portions are huge.  Quality of food is excellent!  Only white meat used in chicken dishes and plenty of it.  There is no skimping here!  I have not found a dish on the menu I have not liked. I highly recommend this local's favorite!
5	This was a surprisingly very pleasant find for fine and stalwart, dead-ahead Cantonese cuisine!  Complimentary fried sticks presented in a small bowl were tasty dipped in the fragrant Sweet and Sour Sauce provided.  Egg Drop Soup was among the best I have ever tried.  And, Wor Won Ton Soup was very fine, with chicken, shrimp, pork, water chestnuts, bamboo shoots, carrots, bok choy, napa cabbage, and excellent pork-filled wontons.  Pan-fried Potstickers were simple but very good, and I was cheerfully supplied with all of my favorite dipping sauces.  Springy Vegetarian Egg Rolls were greasy but good, and as another appetizer very breaded Fried Shrimp were shaped in fat circles, but juicy shrimp lay inside those massive rings.Orange Chicken was succulent.  Chicken Chow Mein was very good.  Walnut Shrimp was a little mayonnaisey but also quite tasty.  And the beef and snow peas in Beef with Pea Pods were tender and very good, as well.    Portions were huge!  In fact, our table for four diners was so laden with food that a man from an adjoining table came over to remark at what a fine feast we had laid out before us, and to tell us how much he enjoyed this restaurant.  When he learned that I would be reviewing the restaurant on Yelp.com he winced, saying that he hoped the secret of his neighborhood eatery would not leak out too far.  But it already has!  Golden Flower was the 2012 Staff Pick for Best Chinese Restaurant in Best of Las Vegas.  For good reason, as I learned!Service was friendly and impeccable.  The restaurant is small but seating was comfortable.  Prices are very reasonable.  In fact, the only negative thing that I can report is that the tea was not hot enough on the first run.  But this was quickly and cheerfully remedied with a new, steaming pot.When you crave Cantonese cuisine, this is a place that will most assuredly assuage that craving!
5	Very good food! Their service was awesome and im from california! Definitely will come back.
4	So me and the wife were craving some good Chinese food yesterday and really not happy with the places fairly close to us at the top of Anthem. China joy,china gogo, Panda, and the trendy fake "Chinese Bistro" PF Chang's.So went on Google and typed in "best Chinese food south east Las Vegas".. And Golden Flower popped up on Yelp! With 17 Reviews and 4 Solid stars so I thought id give it a try. After pulling in at the East Russel and Pecos address I thought this is pretty ghetto in a run down crappy strip mall. But a beacon of Hope appeared in the form of the golden flower! LOL  It was the only nice looking place in the strip mall with a nice looking store front and a menu of today's specials right out front.. Walked in and was told to sit where ever i want! That's a plus! No being guided to the table in the middle of the room.. The service was on par with almost perfect and not the desperate for tips feeling you get with some places where they check on you every 30 seconds. We started with the Teriyaki chicken sticks and wow they really delivered! Then went on with the Walnut Shrimp with Chicken fried rice and Kung Pao Chicken with steamed rice.. Im Knocking a star do to the food not being brought to the table all together. To much time in between dishes. Fried rice 20 minutes before an entree? really? But over all a really good place to get some great Chinese food $37 for 2 people not including tip.. Next time just going to order one rice cause they bring you Alot of rice on one order..
5	I'm honestly TRYING to think of a reason I should possibly take off a star, and I can't find one. I've never been inside but my husband and I order delivery from this place all the time and each time our food is delivered quickly, hot, fresh, and delicious with friendly service. The very first time we ever ordered from here, they got our address wrong and ended up in Henderson. When they finally figured out what had happened, they called us immediately to apologize and let us know that the delivery driver was returning to the restaurant to pick up a fresh batch of food for us. We understood the mistake so we were not angry and were actually just happy that they were keeping us informed. When the delivery guy finally gets to our house, he apologizes again and tells us that our food is free because of their mistake! We've been loyal customers ever since.Excellent food + great customer service = 5 stars
5	this place is very good, better than most Chinese places outside of spring mtn. try it. nice servers.
4	Came here on a date night before a viewing of The Rocky Horror Picture Show. It's that kind of place. We were welcomed and allowed to pick our own table from the 12 in the restaurant. We made the mistake of sitting near the restaurant's office. The office, by the way, is in the dining room, at the table closest to the kitchen. It had the books spread across it and the teenage daughter of the server was watching some kung fu movie on her phone. The sound effects really clashed with the classic rock which was playing. The server brought us our drinks and the teenager dropped (with an attitude) a crispy noodle bowl onto the table. After approximately five minutes of that nonsense, her mom sent her elsewhere, and the rest of the night was quite nice.I ordered the $7 chicken chow mien, and made it a combo for $2 more. The egg drop soup had a great flavor to it, but had something crunchy in it. I don't like crunchy soup, but there was very little crunch, and the soup was fantastic. Then came a BBQ pork fried rice which was delicious, and paper wrapped chicken. It was the first time I had ever eaten paper wrapped chicken, and I can honestly say, "I don't get it." My chow mien was amazing. My girlfriend ordered a half of a duck for $11, and she liked hers as well. I tried some of her duck sauce on my fried rice, and I enjoyed the sauce. Our total included two iced teas, and came to $27 after tax for the two of us.The sever had another daughter who was about 10 years old, and we helped her do her homework. They got lucky cause I was prepared to give them 3 stars, but that kid made the place seem more charming and even makes me smile about the teenager.
5	Excellent food, great service.  Wished we had found this restaurant a couple years ago when we moved here.  Price is excellent and establishment very comfortable.  Found our new "Chinese Cuisine!"
2	I went there for lunch and ordered the lunch special choosing chicken broccoli, pork fried rice, egg drop soup. It came with a crab rangoon and something they called an egg roll but we all know it wasn't.  Honestly, for the price, the food was not bad but I've had better.  I read one of the reviews that someone had taken a date there... Wow! This person was either super handsome that his date must not have cared where he took her.  The place has ugly grey torn carpeting. The walls are pink... Ugh, the walls are pink!  The staff was quick to serve and very polite but they never smiled and they were almost robotic in their attitude.  They were never rude so don't get me wrong... They were just emotionless and robotic.Perhaps it was an off day.
4	Lunch specials are 5.95 and 6.95, they use only white meat. Great service.
5	Excellent prices for delicious food. Super quick service and friendly atmosphere. The lunch specials are the perfect price and the portions are great
3	I like their lunch specials they start at 5.95 and have a lot to chose from. Today I was unhappy with my choice I ordered BBQ pork chow mein to much sauce and was over seasoned with garlic I will never order that again YUCK super nasty! Other items on the menu are good so I gave them 3 stars.
5	Great food, great prices, awesome portions. They delivered the food within the window they gave us, super friendly, the delivery guy also brought a 100 count box of tea, " stating merry Christmas." From now on this will be the only place I get Chinese food from...
5	Great Food. Great Service.They remember what I order...right down to the side of sweet n' sour sauce and lack of onions in the beef and broccoli. The food is always piping hot and the lunch specials are fantastic and worth every penny. Things to get: Sweet n' Sour Chicken. Beef and Broccoli. Chicken and Broccoli (all white meat and very lean). Cream Cheese Wantons. Egg Drop Soup.Things to avoid: Cashew Chicken (It just wasn't my favorite....though it's the only thing I've found there that I wasn't fond of.)
3	OKSalt and Pepper shrimp (a special) great, fried rice poor.Great service, ok quality.Probably would not go back.
5	The best,  going there for 15 years very consistent
5	I stopped to get a quick bite to eat and wasn't disappointed. Beef chow mein is delcious,  it's not the bland stuff you'll find at similar joints.  Orange chicken is also A grade.  Service was quick to us and quick to deliver.
5	Whenever I go to the Chinese restaurant and I order wor wonton soup , I ask for no shrimp but extra chicken. Most restaurants comply but just not putting in shrimp. But golden flower LOADED it up with extra chicken beyond my expectations. I also ordered the strawberry chicken and szechuan beef; Everything was so delicious. this is the best Chinese food I have found in the area.
5	I've been stuffing my face at this place for over 10yrs. Always great food, great prices and very nice staff. I think it's been the same family running it since I've been going and they're always terrific. All other Chinese I've had in town leaves me wishing I just went to Golden Flower instead.
5	Been going here over 10 years.  Best Chinese in the neighborhood and a great value.
4	Yelp you didn't fail us here everything was great we split the orange chicken and the moo shu pork with the combination added the fried rice the egg rolls soup and entres were all excellent the food quality blew jasmine at belligo out of the water.
5	Moo Shu pork is amazing! I found this place on yelp and would definitely recommend it to a friend! Huge portions and great price!
5	I ordered the garlic chicken dinner special, so good, they packed the take out container, it was so much food! Saved half for later :)
4	This place is super good and authentic. Right when I entered i was greeted. I came for lunch and decided to order the string beans with chicken. It came with egg roll, crag wonton, either bbq pork fried rice or steam rice. The food was so flavorful and the string beans had a nice crunch cooked to perfection. The restaurant could probably be cleaned up a bit. Seem like it needed a vacuum. The portions were very generous. All for 5.95. Definitely will be back!
5	I've been going here for a while now and this is the ONLY Chinese place I go to now! It's a little hidden in this kind of vacant shopping center on Russell and Pecos but its definitely a hidden gem.I got my entire family addicted and tell everyone I know about it haha. You can tell the ingredients are super fresh and they give you really generous portions! I'm stuck on the orange chicken because you can actually taste fresh oranges, not some weird overly concentrated fake orange flavoring. Lunch specials range from $6.95-$7.95 and come with soup, and fried rice. Waitresses are super friendly and drinks are never left empty. Definitely one of my favorite places.
5	Best Chinese in town!!! The lemon chicken is so good! Everything here is fantastic. It's this little hole in the wall but the service people could not be even sweeter. Everything is fresh tasting and the batter on the chicken is remarkable. I'm in love.
5	Pretty damn good. Not many authentic Chinese food places in town that aren't "fast food". I got the family dinner option C. Every item was delicious.
5	Best Chinese I've found in four states. Egg Flower Soup is divine and whatever the Silver Wrapped Chicken is so good you'll want to snort it.
1	I would seriously avoid this place. I went here based off of reviews. We ordered fried shrimp appetizer. About 10 minutes later the waitress dropped off a plate with shrimp and egg rolls. My husband pointed at the egg rolls and asked what they were, and in the mean time I picked up one of the shrimp and was bringing it to my mouth. The waitress heard him and said "oh I made a mistake put it down" so I put the shrimp down and she picked up the plate a dropped it off at the booth next to ours! And acted like nothing was wrong with that! Needless to say the people at the tables across from us saw what happened and were completely disgusted too. If they do that in front of customers I can't imagine what they do in the kitchen. Also there is no air conditioning in this place so they have 2 fans going in the dining area which don't help much. Channel 13 dirty dining or the health district really need to check out this place.
4	Awesome Fried Shrimp!A locals place!Great service and low prices...Yesterday was my second time thereGoing back soon ( east of the Airport)
4	Pretty good food.  The orange chicken was a bit TOO sweet, but I am partially responsible for not asking for hot oil.  Egg rolls are fresh, and their pork fried rice is spot on.  Probably the best chinese joint in the east valley.
5	Came here once before and dined in (in my pre yelp days) and it was great. Been searching for a good go to Chinese place since I moved from NY and this one certainly met the mark.Food: had the sesame chicken, hot and sour soup, she had the chicken chow mein, and pot stickers. Chicken was just crispy enough without being burnt and not slimey by any means. Hot and sour soup was very good, had a good spice to it, although I wouldn't have minded a bit more. Her chicken chow mein was delicious, cooked perfectly an had great seasoning to it.Staff: very friendly, talked to us a bit and were very attentive. Ambiance: just how I remember my favorite Chinese place in NY, has the retro feel with the Chinese New Year calendars as a placement. 7 booths and 3 tables.All in all, I can't wait to come back and get more Chinese again! Where have you been the past 2 years of my life!*update - ordered take out today. Staff was great and it didn't take too long to wait (I just walked in and didn't call ahead - kind of a last minute decision). Food was great as usual. They were able to prepare the pot stickers steamed instead of fried. I tried the shrimp low mein, and it was amazing. Noodles were cooked perfect and shrimp tasted fresh. I will continue to come here always hurray!
3	I gave this restaurant three stars because they made some of the best Chinese food take-out I've had in Vegas, but that's not to say it was very good... For some reason Vegas has really terrible Chinese food and I'm usually relieved if I don't get food poisoning from it. In New York and Fort Lauderdale there is some AMAZING Chinese food and the delivery guy will get to you in ten minutes even if it is pouring rain outside. Anyway, if I was grading this place based on all of the Chinese food I've ever had I would give it two stars. If I were grading on a curve (since we are in Vegas) I'd give it about 3 and a half stars. I decided to rate it in the middle as a result.Now let's breakdown the food: my girlfriend and I ordered the Poo Poo Platter as well as the Kungpow Shrimp and the Broccoli Beef. The Poo Poo Platter consisted of Crab Ragoons that were 90% cream cheese. Meh. The Egg Rolls were good smothered in chili garlic sauce and soy sauce, but they were some of the greasiest things I've ever eaten. Then there was a sweet pork thing on a skewer, not a ton of meat on it and I just wasn't a fan. There was this weird piece of chicken wrapped in tinfoil that seemed like it was baked in soy sauce and it was DELICIOUS. My favorite part of the whole meal. I would eat that again.The shrimp in the Kungpow Shrimp was good, but everything else kind of sucked. There was a ton of waterchesnuts in the Kungpow Shrimp and I hate waterchesnuts, but there was also a ton of undercooked zucchini that gave the dish a really crunchy texture. Ew. Also, the sauce on the kungpow shrimp wasn't even spicy. Maybe they gave me the wrong dish? I don't know. The beef in the broccoli beef was chewy and the sauce was sweet. My girlfriend liked it, but I didn't. I did like the Broccoli Beef better than the Kungpow Shrimp though. Also, the Broccoli Beef didn't heat up well and I didn't even bother to eat the Kungpow Shrimp.I'm really surprised that this place has such amazing reviews. I may have gotten a crappy meal because I ordered right before they closed, but I asked if that was okay and the woman on the phone said yes. If she had said no it wouldn't have been a problem and I would've just called somewhere else. I am not impressed and I'm not ordering from Golden Flower again. I'll be going out of state for my Chinese food from now on.
4	Came here with some family because they wanted chinese food.  We ordered the dinner specal and there was a ton of food and it was really good.  They have a veggie soup that was really good.  There egg rolls were hot and fresh but a little oily but still really tasty.  We got sweet and sour chicken and something else and a beef dish and they were all really tasty.
5	This place is legit. Order was pork fried rice and wor wonton soup. Had to wait for my to go order quite some time and I had cream cheese wontons included on the house. Better cuisine than the rest out here in LV.
5	Came here last night with my mom around 7:30 or so. Fairly small place with kick-ass Chinese food. Maybe 12 booths and 6 tables. We decided to share a popo platter and a war wonton soup. I thought we would need to order an entree after that but boy was I mistaking. The server immediately brought us fried noodles, sweet sauce and hot mustard with our waters. The popo platter was served in a round two level platter with the top level lit like a very tiny grill that held 2 skewers of beef. The lower level had two spring rolls, two, giant BBQ ribs, two paper wrapped chicken, two large fried shrimp, and four cream cheese rangoons. Everything was exceptionally delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The war wanton soup was huge and jam packed with goodies and not over powered with just vegetables. The meat was perfect and the shrimp was delicious as was the broth. Needless to say, I ate until I was pleasantly full and their was still some left over for mom to take to lunch. The best part...our bill was under $20.00. I will return here and look forward to trying many things on the reasonably priced menu. I also noticed as we walked in a chalkboard that listed about 10 entrees on special. But most everything was under 10.00. Several of our friends and my moms boss eat here regularly. I can understand why. Wonderful food, great wait staff and relaxing environment.
5	I have gone here for lunch a few times and every dish I have tried has been exceptional. I always order the wonton soup along with the lunch special. Delicious. The flavors make this Chinese food the best I've ever had.
4	Red state Chinese (yup they've got the horoscope place mats) in a worn hole in the wall in a strip mall. But huge portions of well prepared grub and excellent prices. Great value, and some talent in the kitchen.
4	BEST OF LAS VEGAS REVIEW JOURNAL 2012Okay, officially it's not quite in Hendertucky but it's darn close.  Just happens to be a couple miles northwest from my doctor's office off of Whitney Ranch and Sunset Roads. And we arrived within minutes of the curtailment of their luncheon specials of $5.95 & $6.95. We ordered their lunch specials Curry Chicken with wonton soup plus Spicy Shrimp Braised with hot & sour soup. Both of us agree it was most authentic and enjoyable. The wonton is made with a thick skin which is not our preference. Fried noodles accompanied by a dish of sweet & sour sauce plus mustard is a tell tale sign of their primary customer base.Now tell me where can you go for an entree accompanied with a heaping portion of bbq pork fried rice, bowl of soup, egg roll and crab puff for these prices?  If your first concern is about the quality and authenticity... the answer is nowhere else. If you're worried about quantity... you need not fret.We also ordered for takeout Beef Chow Fun and Singapore Rice Noodles. Their Beef Chow Fun is the best I've had had in Las Vegas in a long long time. Haven't gotten to the Singapore noodle entree. It's still in the refrigerator. I'll update this review when I get to the Singapore noodle.
1	I should have made a U-turn as soon as I saw the zodiac place mats and forks but no chopsticks on the tables.  Ordered Singapore style rice noodles to go, $10. The noodles were soggy, the shrimps tasteless, and the whole dish was a bland mushy mess.  Ugh.
5	Came here tonight with the kids -5 total people, food was amazing great taste, it came out rather fast and tasted fresh! Everything had a great flavor. We had Singapore rice noodles and they were amazing!! We each ordered one dish and have so much left over. The price for all 5 of us to eat was very fair in fact it is one of the cheaper dinners we have had!  Just because it was cheap does not mean they left out quality the quality was great and we can't wait to come back and try more items!
4	I had the combination fried rice it was really goo and a huge amount that i could not even finsh. Which if you know me it has to be a serious amount. The only negative thing I could say is that I dont eat pork so i just wanted to subsitute the beef for pork and they charged me an addtionall $2.00, which isnt much but was kind of irritating.
5	I've been coming here for 2 years now and I am normally more than happy with their food and service.  The Ginger Beef and the house Chow Fun are definite musts.  The Asparagus Chicken and the Green Beans in black bean sauce are also really yummy.  I love the eggrolls, though they are greasy.  I love that their wonton soup is loaded with vegetables and meats. The potstickers are a deep fried, so not my favorite.  My hubby loves the crab puffs (rangoon) though they don't have crab in them...Last night, though, they went from a solid 4 stars to 5 stars.  For $3 more you can turn any entree into a combo.  They change the white rice for fried rice and give you egg drop soup, and an eggroll or silver wrapped chicken.  I did this and took my to go order home.  When I got home the fried rice was missing.  When I called them to let them know they offered to deliver the missing fried rice.  When they arrived not only did they have the fried rice but they included an order of crab puffs!  Wonderful service!  Great food!  My favorite place for Chinese without driving to Chinatown.
4	Excellent, authentic Chinese restaurant. Reminds me of NY. Great service, good prices & tastes great.
5	This is our new Chinese spot! Wow, all the dishes are AMAZING. I'm always hesitant on trying new restaurants, especially Chinese ones cause they can be either too greasy or just bad all together. But this place definitely is on point EVERY time. We liked it so much that we wanna make it a weekly treat. The orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken and lemon chicken are my favorites. Yummy!! :) ---- it's a MUST visit!
1	This used to be my fav spot 3 years ago. don't know what happened to them but last month i ordered lemon chicken and found a piece of glass in it.  I called to complained but suddenly no one spoke english. Today:I ordered cashew chicken.  I found a shrimp tail in it.  At first I thought it was a cockroach wing, but no after totally examining it, I have decided for the sake of my sanity and health its a shrimp tail.  I hate seafood. I will not be eating here anymore.
4	I'd say this place is pretty standard on what you'd expect from a Chinese restaurant. We ordered one of their dinner packages last night, knowing our 2 small children would pick off what we had. The total with tax was $29.00 and came with a HUGE amount of food! My husband really liked everything we got. Mongolian beef, sweet and sour shrimp, special fried rice, BBQ ribs, egg rolls, wonton soup, and fried shrimp.  It was a lot! My kids love wonton soup, but seemed more interested in the crunchy toppings. I wasn't a big fan of the sweet and sour shrimp as it had too much batter for my taste. So much batter - the shrimp resembled onion rings. Lol! Their fried rice was enormous, and I'd definitely order it again.  I saw that they had duck, and mu shoo, among other things. As a former employee of PF Changs, I grew to really like these particular items that for some odd reason they do not serve anymore. So, I'll be back to this particular Chinese restaurant to try theirs. I do love a good duck!
5	This place is excellent. Their portions are big for what you pay and you can call it in and pick it up or they also have tables inside. Love the Mongolian beef and their BBQ pork fried rice is bangin. There's also a family arcade place next door
5	THANK YOU YELP!  This establishment has become my only Go To for Chinese in all of Las Vegas.  I have eaten at many other places, this is the one I come back to. The war wonton is out of this world good.  I also love the Po Po (pu pu or Poo Poo, depending on region you are from) platter.  I am not a fan of the Pork spare rib so we switch it out for extra egg rolls.  Usually my spouse and I will order wor wonton soup and split it, a po po platter for 2, and 1 entree with fried rice to split.  Every entree we have had has been exceptional.  Black pepper chicken, chicken with asparagus, sizzling beef, lemon chicken, Moo shu ANYTHING.  This is the place to eat.  I cannot say enough good things about the food served here.  I hope you go, and enjoy it.
1	Pretty good for Chinese food in Vegas, which isn't saying much. Over the years I've ordered from here, due to the lack of better options and occasionally their food was pretty good. Before this review I would have given them 3 stars.This review is for my most recent experience. My food arrived cold, which wasn't a huge deal to me it just made the food less appetizing. Then I was eating my soup, pretty decent flavor, but there was plastic in it. It was a small plastic bag right in my soup. I thought it was cabbage, but when I realized it wasn't edible in my mouth I spit it out and noticed it was a small cut bag. So gross! So if you decide to order from here, check your food thoroughly.
4	One word - Tasty!!Now, I don't want to give anyone the wrong impression when I describe the Golden Flower.  It's not the best or most authentic Chinese food you will ever eat.  You will not find an overly-friendly wait staff.  What you will find is a business that caters to the local lunch crowd, and they are damn good at it!Lunch specials range in price from $6-$9. Specials include choice of soup, choice of rice, an egg roll and a cream-cheese rangoon.  Definitely try the pork fried rice. You will be pleased. I also recommend trying any shrimp dish.  The shrimp is always plump and flavorful. The staff does a good job of getting you in and out fast. Sometimes the entree will arrive before you finish your soup. But the staff is not trying to get rid of you. They just serve the food immediately as it leaves the kitchen, which is great if you need to get back to work, but give it a minute to cool before digging in.Just to let you know, the Golden Flower has survived in the same location for 20 years while every other surrounding business has at one time or another had to close it's doors.  That's a testament to how good they are at what they do, and they have done it consistently for a very long time.In a town with a tradition of imploding old casinos to make way for new ones, it's always nice to visit a local haunt that hasn't changed over the span of a generation. Don't ever change, Golden Flower. Don't you ever change.FYI - There is a surcharge when paying with a bank card for totals under $10. Also, ask for the check when you're ready. They won't always bring it automatically.
5	I've been here a few times . Ended up going the other night and the food was amazing . One of my girlfriends Chinese food spots had closed down. Golden flower will now be out new spot . Great service amazing food.
5	We just moved to Vegas from Phoenix. I must say I'm pretty impressed. We typically try and find the best Chinese place and so far this has everyone else beat. The to go portions are a lot bigger then usual. Good quality food too. A must try if u want good quality.
5	Being coming here for over 15yrs one of the best cheap Chinese food places in Las Vegas always clean and friendly and of course the food is amazing.
1	After reading reviews on this place, we decided to make the 25 minute trip here. We are in from LOs Angeles, so we didn't know where to go for Chinese food. We got there sign on window says this place was voted best for 2013. I'm not sure why?  We ordered egg flower soup, chicken chow main and chicken with pea pods. After my initial hunger feeling was gone I tasted the chow main and that was disgusting. I ate the pea pods, then my stomach started hurting so I stopped eating. My husband had the same reaction. We asked fo the check and the waitress was like you want a box? No thank you. Now were driving, chewing gum to get rid of that bad taste. Never again. Same reason I stopped eating Panda Express the quality and taste.
5	Wow after sitting bookmarked in my Yelp log I finally got my booty over to check out what all the fuss is about!We were not disappointed and found out first hand what all of the rave reviews were about!We started with a hot pot of Oolong tea which is a nice option and treat when dining out for Chinese and that is not always an option elsewhere.We ordered an appetizer of fried shrimp and it was yummy, the shrimp and the fried coating was delicious.We also decided on an order of sweet and sour shrimp which was very good as well! It was more of the same yummy fried shrimps mixed with carrots, onions, and bell pepper in a delicious sweet and sour sauce which comes with white rice.We also ordered almond chicken which was full of white meat chicken, generous fresh slithered almonds in an Amazing light brown sauce that had a hint of sweetness.This is a true Cantonese style Chinese restaurant which has always been my favorite.Golden Flower reminds me of the exceptional Cantonese restaurants we would eat at back in the 80's in the Pacific NW.The service is great and the prices are Outstanding especially considering their generous portions! Our bill for an appetizer and two full entrees was $24 which was ridiculous good considering all of the food we were served, we even had to take some home as we could not finish it all. The Quality, Service, Flavor, Portions and fair pricing is alive at the Golden Flower.
3	Small little place. Would have never thought to come here if my classmates didn't drag me there on our break between classes. Huge portions for the price you pay. Food tastes okay. Ordered the Kung Pap Shrimp & only got like 7 pieces and the rest was vegetables which was pretty disappointing. Overall okay food. Will probably be back if I'm craving Chinese food while at school.
4	So we found this spot by the house. Came first for dine in. Small restaurant but that is why we like it. I dislike crowded restaurants.  I like to be able to enjoy my meal. Looks like a lot of the business is take out too. We have now ordered here twice in the last week.  Still miss my Chinese food style from Hawaii but these guys are good!  This has become my go to place.
2	After reading the reviews we had high hopes, but they weren't met.  The service was friendly, attentive and prompt.We tried the following:Tempura shrimp = tasty, light and perfectly cooked.Eggrolls = okay tasting but extremely greasy (HOT oils down the chest when biting into one not the best experience.)Kung POW Chicken = okay flavor but overrun with cheap filler of zucchini and the peanuts tossed over the top as an after thought not cooked in to pick up the flavors.Shrimp Fried Rice = Shrimp cooked perfectly however the rest was flavorless; plain rice with barely any color, white onions and egg.We checked this into the "well we tried it" category but won't be back.  :(
5	I drive 25 minutes just to get this chinese food.  All the Chinese places in the Northwest area are horrible.  I know about this place because when I first moved to Vegas, I worked in this area.  Ive had General Tso Chicken, The House Combination Rice, The Chicken Fried Rice, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Beef and Broccoli, Lo Mein and a few other things Im sure but those are our favs!  On the 25 minute drive back home, by the food is still piping hot!  AMAZING PLACE, tons of food and will  never go to another place in Vegas, not that I have in the last 4 years since being disappointed time and time again by the places in our area!
3	I stopped in at 1230 on a Monday to have some hot/sour soup. After being poisoned by a coworkers cooking. Just kidding Le. Not really..After looking over the menu. This is an American Chinese restaurant (like pandas)So no har gow, pigs feet, etc served here.4stars:I love eggs so I ordered the house egg foo young, no pork. It was excellent even with the gravy, soft and delicious. 3 stars:The beef with pea pods was tasty. Beef was soft. This dish needs to be eaten at the restaurant. Does not serve well as a take out  (pods wilt)The chicken asparagus was good but nothing special. 1 star:The hot and sour soup was not my favorite. Kinda sweet.I will try this place again when I'm stuck fending for myself at home.
4	I've been coming here for the better part of a decade, and have never been disappointed. Fast, fresh, and inexpensive. My only beef is the strawberry chicken isn't served during lunch. Four stars due the water downed sweet and sour sauce and the servers always seem like they'd rather be elsewhere, they're polite, but it's all so automatic. Also, maybe an update on the dining room and dishes.
3	I searched & searched for good Chinese food in Las Vegas and I finally thought I found it. Unfortunately this is just decent Chinese Food.
4	We saw this place on Yelp and thought we would check it out.  It was in a shopping center which made us want to leave and go somewhere else..  We got in there and the decor was horrible, but after we ordered and the food came out, we were happy.  We are used to buffets but we split the orange chicken and the beef and broccoli and we loved it!  It was seasoned great, it was hot, and it was inexpensive.  I would recommend this place.  Just ignore the location and give it a shot.
1	After having lunch here today,  I will never go back!   First warning sign is that the restaurant is in the decaying and basically uninhabited Pecos Plaza. 2nd warning sign; upon entering the place it was packed by obese Caucasians (except for two slender men) and very few Asians.3rd warning sign; when I asked for chopsticks the waitress laughed and walked off.   I use chopsticks at home as I find it paces my eating and allows me to be more in touch with my food.   With a fork it is far too easy to just shovel it in.The reason for 1 star is there is no option for zero.   The two waitresses acted as if they were not wanting to be working and barely interacted with the customers.   I realize that in some Chinese restaurants service can be slow or haphazard but this place takes it to a new low level. The food quality is good but flavorless.  I had the chicken bok choy lunch special.   It comes with soup, an eggroll and 3 cups of white rice.  Oh and also the flatest understuffed crab rangoon in the world.  While the chicken and bok choy tasted fresh it was swimming is a glossy brown sauce that tasted like watered down soy sauce with a little corn starch thrown in.  I avoided the rice, egg roll and very flat crab rangoon as they did not look appealing. While I picked through my lunch I witnessed one customer walk out because it was 30 mins and they had no food.  Mine took 15 minutes.  Instead of calling this a Chinese restaurant it should be labeled as an American restaurant with a Chinese influence.   I think the only reason this place manages to stay in business is because their Caucasian clientele doesn't know what good and authentic Chinese food tastes or  looks like. I rarely give negative reviews but this place pushed all the wrong buttons today.
4	I was craving some Chinese food, I ended up turning to yelp for a good Chinese place. This place had great reviews, so I decided to try it out. I was not disappointed at all, great price, huge portion size and friendly workers. Food came out fast and yummy. The BBQ pork fried rice was prepared so good, I finished it completly. Had to even order some more to go. Definitely a place to check out if you want some good Chinese food. They even deliver and take out if you don't want to dine in.
5	This place is the best chinese cruisine I've ever been to! Everything I've eaten so far like the delicious orange chicken and healthy wonton soup had been great and the prices are cheap.
5	Small. .. quick.... traditional Chinese... amazing food.  service was awesome. .prices super affordable,  $29  for 4 people ...enough said... we will come back when we are on vacation!
3	It was Chinese New Year, and the place was packed!   Probably not an easy day for the restaurant staff.  And there were problems from the outset.Starting off, congealed Sweet & Sour Sauce stuck to two pages of my menu.  Promised hot water for tea was forgotten, and so was my entire order of Chicken Chow Mein.  Fried Rice came late.  And there were no paper towels in the men's restroom.The food that did arrive was very good though.  My party of four enjoyed very good Pot Stickers, Three Flavored Sizzling Rice Soup without pork, Chicken Chow Mein, Beef with Pea Pods, and Walnut Shrimp.  And, for the second time some mains arrived in shifts rather than all diners being served at the same time.  When servers are not harried by waiting on large crowds, and pay attention to details, eating Cantonese fare here can be an enjoyable and tasty dining experience.  I will hope for noticeable improvement, and call here again another day.
1	One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Henderson, go there for lunch often. Great delivery service and friendly delivery guy. BUT today was a different story, we went in to have lunch and we got the GRUMPY, NO personality waitress. She basically ignored our table and was bothered anytime we did flag her down and asked for something. The other 2 in our party of 3 got tea refills but she ignored my request and didn't even bat an eye my way. I'm tired of always getting  that bitchy no personality waitress. If it wasn't for the food being so good I would not return. It's the waitress without the glasses.
5	I have been dining at this restaurant for the last 26 yrs and have never had one single thing that wasn't wonderful.  they have changed owners a couple of times but it has not changed the food or service.  I find these negative reviews because of the restaurant location nothing short of asinine.  if you limit your choices by where they are located you are definitely missing out.  I have 6 g-kids and they love going here.  the portions are NOT small by any means and we never have to ask for a refill on anything.  I am going tomorrow because I'm craving some won ton soup.  yes, it is a small restaurant.  I think they have about 12 tables but that does not take away from this fine establishment.
3	I ordered a variety of things to go.   The order was ready when they said and the waitress was nice and quick and the food was packed well as not drip in the car.The Beef with green beans was good.  No weird fat bits and the flavor was good.  Not spicy.The Kung Pow chicken was flavorful, but should have been spicy as it had the pepper icon by it.  So, not the best.The Chicken Chow Mein was awful.  There was nothing wrong with the chicken.  It was weird looking, but tasted good and no weird texture.  I think they must pound it first so it looks different than usual.  The noodles were the average type used, but the sauce they used on it just tasted awful.  I have had Chow Mein in no less than 30 places in my life and they usually taste pretty similar and are a almost sweet soy flavor.  This was just bad.  Won't order it again.  There is a place in the shopping center at Serene & Eastern near a German Bakery that is much better all around.I was hoping this was going to be good since it was much closer to my house.
5	I have come here for lunch at least once a month ever since our first visit. I love the lunch specials and the food is outstanding. I get the chow mien, beef and broccoli, or vegetable supreme, depending on my mood.
4	Checked this place out randomly with a friend and it was quiet and nice during our visit. I think they had the best orange chicken I've ever had so that's a win.  If you want Chinese food in a smallish, peaceful restaurant I'd recommend.
3	The food is a 4.5. The service is a 1.  Some of the waitresses act like you are bugging them when you walk-in and don't have a party of 5.  I still sometimes go because the food is great. Kudos to the cook!
2	I don't know how this place gets so many good reviews - my only thought is that most of those reviews are from people who get take out.  The waitress was very friendly and the portions are generous, it doesn't make up for the fact that the broccoli in my food was way overcooked and the rice was still crunchy.  But my main complaint about this restaurant is that it is DIRTY!  I moved the salt shaker to make more room on the table and I could feel the layers of dust and grease on it.  The bathroom was beyond description.I will not go there again and I would recommend everyone else stay away as well.
5	Awesome little place to eat. Service and food was good, priced right. Extra large portions.
4	"After being on a cross country flight from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas to meet up with my brother and a week on vacationing on the Strip, I was anxious to see a real locals restaurant. My brother drove me to a nice Chinese restaurant in a happening Von's shopping center called Golden Flower. " In reality if Yelp was in existence ten years ago in the summer of 2014 this is how I would of started the review. Golden Flower Chinese Restaurant holds a place in my heart because it is one of if not the first locals Chinese restaurant that I visited in Las Vegas when I was living in Fort Lauderdale ten years ago. For at least ten years Golden Flower has been blooming in the very injured shopping center at the corner of Pecos and Russell Roads. Where this shopping centers Von's, Denny's, New York Bagel shop, Starbuck's, and so on rest in peace, the spirit of Golden Flower Chinese Restaurant is alive.   It was yesterday before I attended the Alcohol Awareness Training class that I wanted to take advantage of a nearby Chinese Restaurant luncheon special. After a near decade hiatus, I was returning to Golden Flower Chinese Restaurant.   Golden Flower is still the same cozy Chinese restaurant as I remember back when the Outcasts "Hey ya" was topping the charts. It brings back further memories of the cozy Chinese restaurants in Long Island, New York. The oldies from the 1980s and 1990s added to the relaxing environment. Listening to the acoustic version of "Hotel California" made each bite of the shrimp chow mein that much more enjoyable.   More than the cozy environment and music, the service left me with a better taste of the Golden Flower. From the time I stepped inside to when I paid, Christie was very welcoming. She invited me to sit at any table in the relatively small dining room that was sparsely populated by diners. She was on top of refills and would always say, "Thank you." Ultimately she never rushed me. I'd overhear a couple of customers thank Christie for the great service.   The luncheon specials are a good deal. They are in affect Monday to Saturday from 11 am to 3 pm. In similar style to the luncheon specials throughout the Las Vegas Valley the price is between $5.95 and $6.95. the reality is that when you add a glass of Coke, tip, and tax it comes out to the figure of $11. But the Coke could be unnecessary because I vividly recall the delicious hot tea here. Let me talk more about the lunch specials. They include either egg drop or hot and sour soup. But, if you love wonton soup like I do, it is $2.25 per person. There is more. The lunch special also includes an egg roll, crunchy noodles with duck sauce and spicy mustard and either BBQ pork fried rice or steamed rice. The lunch special features an entree. The choices include numerous styles of chow mein, pepper steak, curry chicken, and sweet and sour chicken (I posted a picture of the menu in this business listing).    I ordered the shrimp chow mein luncheon special. The crunchy noodles were decent. I am a fan of the wide noodles and not the skinny ones they serve here. Regardless they went good with the spicy mustard. Before I could get more acquainted with the noodles, Christie placed the hot and sour soup on the white tablecloth. The soup tasted hot and sour. The next visit I intend to pay the $2.25 for the wonton soup. The egg roll which reminded me of a spring roll was Panda Express allright. Now the portion of the shrimp chow mein with fried rice was enormous. The quality was magnificent. In a couple of my previous reviews on Las Vegas Chinese Restaurants I voice my opinion that the chow mein noodles are filler food. Golden Flower serves flavorful chow mein that hint of lo mein sprinkled with generous amounts of chunky juicy appetizing shrimp and sprinklers of onions. This is an example of both quantity and quality. The Best of Las Vegas has bestowed Golden Flower with The Best of Vegas awards in 2002, 2008, and 2012.  In hindsight, I am cognizant of the fact that somethings stay the same. In the period of a decade Golden Flower is still the same local Chinese Restaurant serving remarkable Chinese food luncheon specials in a cozy environment. In the period of a decade I remain a fan of Golden Flower.
5	Mmmmmm I make a visit here for my Chinese cravings when I am in need of a mouth orgasm. They give it to me fresh, clean, and generous in which I always leave filled up just how I like.I tried the general so chicken on this last visit and boy I was in a sea of bliss with this delicious dish!I have been craving it since, I dream of it, I need it, I want it more and more.I have 12 check ins at Golden Flower and every single dish I try is just as Amazing. The staff is Fantastic, the food is top quality and the prices are low for the giant portions.Their war wonton soup is a delicious meal in itself as well for those cold nights! It is full to the brim with shrimp, bbq pork, chicken, veggies and wontons! A must try!
5	1st time here and the food is awesome.  Mongolian is the best.  We had Family C dinner but we ordered Walnut shrimp instead.  Good size shrimp and the walnut sauce is what I expected.  Salt and pepper pork chops is my favorite.   It reminds me of this family chinese place we used to go in Long Beach,  CA.  Fish with black bean sauce was good also.  I wasn't too crazy about the appetizer,  BBQ ribs,  it was a lil tough.   Defintely going back to this place.  No need to drive to Spring Mountain. ..close to our home in Henderson.
1	Really not good. I would never come back here. The wait staff was attentive but the food was gross. I don't know why they have an overall 4 stars.
