3	If you're heading to a show at the Scottsdale Center For The Performing Arts, this is your best convenient bet for dinner (if you like Indian food).  It's average but can probably satisfy your curry craving.
3	I'm at an impasse here. The service was jumpy in terms of friendliness. The food was good enough and I suppose it wasn't too much (say 10-17 dollars a plate), but it certainly wouldn't be my first choice.
4	This is one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to in the valley.It has great reviews from critics and some famous clientle that frequent the restaurant.The location is great for an artsy-evening since it is right by the performing arts center and the modern art museum.It is quiet and intimate, a great menu and food.Each experience has been wonderful, both the food and the service.
1	I've had the same problem with this restaurant that others here have had. The service is essentially non-existent and the food comes out cold/lukewarm and of low quality. However spicy you make your food, it's still somehow obvious that it's just not good.I recommend driving down the street to Tandoori Times instead. The food, service, and experience is infinitely better.
2	I used to work near the downtown Scottsdale area and being an Indian food lover I've eaten at Jewel of the Crown many times. Each time I was disappointed. I've ordered lamb biryani and the rice was mushy and looked at though all of the ingredients were tossed together like a pilaf as opposed to a biryani. The dhals I've ordered have been decent but nothing really special. A lot of the dishes taste similar with a generic flavor as opposed to being spiced individually for meats vs. dhals vs. vegetables.My other complain is the staff refusing to believe I like my food spicy. I have a problem with this in a number of restaurants that assume that due to being a whitey I'm not SERIOUS about wanting my food spicy. SERIOUSLY, I want it HOT. Sheesh.Their one saving grace is their neebo pani (lemon water), their spice mix for the drink is wonderful.
4	Chutney !!!Chicken Tikka !!!Chutney !!!Chutney !!!:) One of the better Indian food places in the valley... lavish enough to sit and pass time (family or friends)... Except for items above, nothing happens to be very great as such but overall nothing happens to be bad too... Ohh yeah.. and one more thing...Chutney !!!Chutney !!!
3	Very surprised by some of the negative responses here.I ate at Jewel of the Crown for dinner with my family, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  My waiter was quite nice, and our food was tasty.   Admittedly, the dishes were not among the best Indian I've had, and service could be speedier.   Bottom line:  It's a mid-level spot -- certainly good enough to visit again, just not my first choice.
4	Love the lamb curry, palak paneer, daal curry, and mutter paneer here.  Atmosphere is perfect- beautiful decor, very inviting, and just a great escape.  I truly feel like I've gone on a mini-retreat every time I dine here (twice so far).  The sole reason I haven't been back is it can get pricey.  Food, while small in portion, is terrific.  Authentic?  Yes- you won't find beef in the menu!
5	This is probably the best Indian cuisine I have had 'hands down'....now having said that...I will say that they are not known for their decor or service. But if you can look beyond that....I can clearly say that they spend their efforts then on their cuisine. Having grown up amongst their culinary culture and nurtured a desire in cooking some of their specialities - Jewel of the Crown is pretty much tops for me!My favorite WAS Vig's in Vancouver, but that is now a close second to Jewel of the Crown.From the Samosa's to start, Mulligtawny Soup, Kormas/Saag/Vindaloo with Raita, finish with Gulab Jamun ---YUM!!!
3	Took a walk through the Scottsdale Arts Center area and was convinced by my girl to detour and dine at Jewel of the Crown.  I've seen this place over the years but have always walked right (into AZ88) instead of left.  Pleasantly surprised by this authentic looking and tasting Indian restaurant.  Gabriel, our waiter, suggested the chicken masala.  We took his advice and ordered that along with the vegetable korma and a mulligatawny muglai soup.  We both enjoyed the tamarind and mint chutney sauces that arrived with the cracker like starter.  Gabriel explained to us that their mint chutney is made in house with cilantro, jalapeno, ginger, and oil... We both thought the meal was impressive and a nice change of flavor and pace.  Our entrees came with basmati rice as well.  We didn't get any of the naan this visit, but we will be back!This place is a real diamond in the rough, or better yet, a "jewel of the crown."  Been in business for 22 years - that's gotta tell you somethin'!
4	Consistently good, one of the best Indian restaurants in the Valley.
4	I discovered this jewel while looking on the Internet for Indian food near my office and was very pleased.  While dinner can be a little pricey, lunch is extremely affordable.  I loved the Chicken Koorma and the Chicken Tikka Masala.  Naan was fresh baked and delicious and was great mixed with Saag Paneer.I have introduced a  few friends to it now as well who love it too.  The service depends on who your waiter is.  I have had good service and poor service but will keep returning for the food.
5	This place is gooood. The food seems fresher than most indian food places, and it definitely doesn't taste like it's been sitting out all day. That might actually be a complaint. I'm so used to eating vegetable pakoras that have been sitting in a vat under a heat lamp that these were too fresh for me to like. You know? It's like being raised on Taco Bell and being so used to that as your definition of Mexican food that when you actually go to a Mexican food joint with fresh ingredients you're like, "WTF is this?"Oh yeah, and it's definitely more expensive than other places in the valley.
5	Went here on Valentine's Day 2009. Best Indian food i've had anywhere in Phoenix to date. Great atmosphere, great service, and outstanding food. Will be back for sure!
4	I'll go back AND get the same dish!  Now, that's some serious business for me to say!  Ordered the following:Keema Samosa - eh....  I just have such specific fond memories of the samoosa's we'd get back home and I doubt I will ever find anywhere that will match them -too bad so sad-  :-(Lamb Curry - lamb was delicate & sauce was just a touch spicy, delish!Chicken Korma - chicken was so tender, very flavorful.Alu Paratha (bread) - this was just okay to me, but it was great when I doused it with the sauces :-DI thoroughly enjoyed it, everything was very flavorful and the smell of spices when you walk into the restaurant, OMG, so wonderful!!!Do I think it's super authentic, no, if that's what you're looking for, keep hunting...
4	I've been to this place a couple of times for dinner and lunch and it never lets me down.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Saag are my favorite dishes and some of the best Indian food in Phoenix.  I just wish they had more options for lunch specials!  Some people would say the dinner is a bit overpriced, but it feels you up and the flavors are worth it.  I will definitely keep coming back.
4	I am a vegetarian and have been eating Indian food for over ten years. I've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants in MD, IL, and DC and this one rates high on my list. My husband and I went with my sister who is not a vegetarian. We had the channa masala, matar paneer, garlic naan, and puri. My sister ordered the mixed kabobs. We loved our dishes. They were flavored perfectly. The breads were just ok. We are used to garlic naan that is more fluffy and buttery. This naan was pretty thin and did not have the butter glistening on it. The puri was not very flavorful. The breads were not bad, just not the greatest. Next time I will try the bhatura. My sister liked her dish a lot. Her dish consisted of lamb, chicken, fish, and shrimp all prepared with different spices. The presentation was pretty cool. The service was great from the time we walked in the door. The place wasn't crowded when we went. There were two people waiting tables and they were both pleasant and attentive to their customers. Decor is very nice. There are some wires on the ceiling that they could cover up, but that does not take away from the ambiance. My sister was bothered that there was some spilled rice on the floor that no one felt the need to clean up. There was no one dining near that table so for me it was not a deal breaker. I highly recommend this restaurant. You will enjoy the food, decor, staff, and don't forget to take a stroll around the grounds outside of the restaurant... very nice.
5	I used to work nearby and would visit JOTC weekly for lunch. It was never very busy and the lunch waiter would recognize us and get us everything we needed quickly.The Keema Samosas are delicious!If you are new to Indian food, I recommend the Non-Veg Thaali. It has an assortment of Tandoori chicken, curry, a veg dish, naan bread, yogurt and rice pudding - all for $10.My favorite dish and the one I ordered every time was the Chicken Tikka Masala. It's like $15 and doesn't come with naan or rice, but it's worth it. It's a lot of food and it makes me oh-so-happy everytime.By comparison, the lunch Chicken Curry special for $8 comes with rice AND naan. The rice pudding is excellent as well.I will miss JOTC!
4	Every once in a while you just need some good Indian food to spice things up... on those days we always go to Jewel of Crown.  When you walk in you get hit hard by the lovely aromas of Indian spices... reminds you why you came!  We've probably been there 5-6 times this year and it has never been busy. It's kind of sad actually. They have a nice vegetarian selection; my favorite is Malai Kofta... which is veggie meatballs in Masala sauce!  I have also tried Saag Paneer and Bharta Makhni which were also excellent.  My Bf is also in love with the Chicken Masala... and Raita.   We typically order our food with medium spice because we like a bit of kick to the palate!  If you aren't used to Indian or spicy food, I would order medium-mild so you can enjoy the flavors before you decide to kick it up a notch.   Please give Jewel of Crown a try, it's my favorite Indian restaurant and I'm afraid it will go under if business doesn't pick up.... Oh yeah, and you'll enjoy it!
2	We really wanted some indian food...so we went to Jewel of the Crown for take out.  It was Saturday night and there were about 20 people dining so we felt like at lease some people were eating there.We ordered shish kabob...it ended up being dried up and spiced oddly...we could not stomach eating it.The vegie korma was ok but had huge...not bite size vegies in it.  Like really large carrot pieces and like whole quarters of potato.The Chicken tiki masala was pretty good the chicken was tender and the sauce was pretty nice.The rice and nan were fine.  I guess we were expecting something really great and it was so so...next time we will try a different place until we find an Indian place that is better:(
4	My husband and I have been to JOTC a bunch of times. The food are always delicious, the service is spotty at times but not bad enough to make us not comeback. Now according to my Australian husband this isn't exactly the best Indian food he's ever have but until Phoenix comes up with better Indian food they got our business.
4	I live in Old Town so getting Indian food that I enjoyed meant going to Tempe or Chandler....Thanks for fellow yelpers, I checked it out on a Sunday...the service was great until it got busy.  Quick to realize that the two servers on the floor were not only the servers but also the host/hostess and bartenders.  It didnt matter because the food was great...I am no connoisseur of Indian cuisine but haven had dined well over 3 dozen times at Indian establishments, this place did just fine.  The location is not ideal since you are forced to park in a parking garage although AZ88 is right there for drinks after.  The decor was in my opinion a fair attempt to an authentic Indian restaurant.  We ordered nothing outside of the basic chicken curry, naan, saag paneer, rice pudding (best I have ever had), mango lassi (not very cold or thick but good), and the galub jamun (which tasted like it had been frozen and thawed....only thing I didnt like)  Overall, I really enjoyed it and will be back when the craving for stuffing myself on Indian food revisits me.
4	Excellent staff and service. Food was good, but waitress was puzzled when I asked for pickle.
5	With our regular Indian place converted to buffet and my lunch companions refusing to go (don't tell them, but I would go anyway), it was time to find a new Indian spot for the work lunch rotation.  We were on a mission and I was trying to figure out whether Jewel would be added to the list of acceptable lunch haunts.  After managing a circuitous route to the top floor of a parking garage, we navigated a maze like structure of corridors to find the restaurant.  Travel time was starting to negate Jewel from the list.  The lunch menu was small, and we all ordered the thali meat combination.    After a modest wait time the food arrived in an array of metal containers and was delicious.  I hope we go back, but majority rules.
4	I really enjoyed their chicken tikka masala, lamb saag (maybe spelt that wrong) and a simple made mango lassi here. With the 20% discount here, it is totally worth it! (Believe me, i have had horrible indian food..)
3	Good Indian food not great.  Came in on a Saturday night, was craving Indian.  Not busy at all.  (Never a great sign).  The samosas were the best in town, piping hot with a great filling that was redolent of spicies and not super mild like some other restaurants.  The lamb korma and chicken tikka masala were okay.  For some reason it didn't pop for me.  It had nothing to do with the spiciness level, it was just missing that extra pop you get from a truly great curry.  I don't know if the spices hadn't been freshly toasted, or if it was lacking a crucial pinch of love that day, but I wasn't feeling it.  I left full but not quite satiated of my Indian food fix.  And the quest for the best chicken tikka masala in town continues....(oh I should mention the interior of the restaurant is beautiful, the service good, but the prices a little steep for my taste)
4	My husband and I ate here for the first time recently.  The food is delicious! If you're looking for amazing, authentic Indian cuisine, this is it!  The leftovers were just as good the next day!  I subtracted one star, because the service could be just a little better, but nothing that would keep me from coming back for more!
5	Delightful service and some of the best Indian food in the entire state! All of this and charming ambience as well.  Definitely the best Indian place to take a date - and the courteous staff helps beginners make selections for a memorable and pleasurable experience.  I often recommend this restaurant.  The only con to list for this "jewel" - is it's location. While close enough to the action, it is tucked away and is certainly a hidden gem! Once you find it - you'll never forget it!
5	My favorite upscale Indian restaurant in Phoenix, hands down.  Their food is just more flavorful and more carefully prepared than anywhere else.  And the atmosphere is date-worthy.  As good as the best Indian restaurants in major cities like Chicago and San Francisco.  This is the only Indian restaurant in Phoenix about which that can be said.
4	We had the best Tika Masala Chicken last night! I'm still in heaven.  My mouth was doing some kind of dance that I had to continually eat for about 20 min. non stop. And those who know me know I love to talk and eat, but this time around it was all about eating and nothing else.I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good Indian food =)
4	Ate here with a friend tonight, and it was very, very good. Service was friendly and attentive, food was excellent, atmosphere relaxing and stimulating. It's a bit pricier than the rest of the Valley, being in Scottsdale, but it's well worth it. Well situated, next door to the SMOCA in the Civic Center.
4	Excellent Tika Masala Chicken!  I would highly recommend this place for good Indian food. Nice atmosphere!
1	Dh and I came here tonight to use or groupon... We've been coming here for the last 20 plus years, and it use to be our go to Indian restaurant! After the visit tonight we will never be back. We got our dishes medium And spicy, but neither had any flavor. We had an eggplant dish And chicken tikka masala, as well as kebabs, soup, and dessert... We decided to splurge and get the $50 dinner for 2. Food was terrible as was the service.... People who had come After us who had also gotten the same dishes and the dinner for 2 left before we had even finished our entrees. Server was so swamped that he had no time to come and check in on us to see if we wanted anything else or to see if we were doing ok. There was also a hair in the rice dish. We will never come back!
3	Service was poor -- no one to greet us at the door -- and waited 13 minutes, standing there as staff walked by and even looked directly at us.  Servers were running around in a disorganized fashion --- obviously overworked as the restaurant was under-staffed.This restaurant is in need of major updating.  We hadn't been there in several years -- and nothing has changed or been updated.   The decor is old and run down -- and don't look too closely at the dirty, worn out carpet -- especially near the back.On a positive note -- the food was pretty good.   The chicken used in the Masala was tender and flavorful -- and the sauces were spiced well.   Rice and Naan were good -- and the Onion Roti was excellent.We live in Chandler -- but will drive far for good Indian food -- unfortunately, the poor service, old, dated decor, and average food will not encourage us to drive back to Scottsdale --- the Dhaba in Tempe is SO much better
4	I am came here with my friend and my other friend, the Groupon.  I have heard great things and some negative things about the place, but I am adventurous and wanted to give it a try.  I actually passed by the place on a Tour of Scottsdale event.  Its kind of in a hidden corner inside a plaza.  I think I would have noticed this place if it was actually facing the street.When I enter the place, it made me feel a little bit like I when I visited New Delhi.  We came later in the night, but the energy level and care of service was excellent.  The food was pretty delicious as we ordered saag paneer, vegetable korma, garlic naan, and onion paratha.  Overall the food was solid quality and one of the better Indian restaurants I have been in Arizona so far.
3	As other reviews for this place go, taste of the food is good. Decor and ambience, not so much. Chandeliers had a few fused bulbs, not replaced. During dinner, that does bring down my mood a little bit. We found the prices to be a little steep.. $15.99 for each curry was a little too much. Our bill for 2 people, a la carte .came up to $70 approx. We had chicken and vegetarian dishes. Chicken tikka masala, veg samosa, shahi paneer, onion kulcha, veg biryani. Quantity of food on par with the rest of the Indian restaurants in the valley, if not less.. We went there after reading other Yelp reviews about the food. A long drive from north valley( the restaurant is located on scottsdale rd and Indian school rd). Hardly worth the drive and the cost of the total bill. My husband had the veg biryani. Said it tasted like Paella, a spanish rice dish. And he wasnt satisfied with the taste of his chicken appetizer either.No issues with the curries, though tey could have been spicier.
3	Overall, it was good, but not great! My husband enjoyed it more than me. Really quiet for Thur dinner... Only 4-5 tables full (mostly couples). Not greatest spot for kids cause of noise level...really quiet inside. Our son is kinda loud : p  Service was good, but not excellent. Sauces ok.Breads ok. Dishes ok.Could have better sauces or better flavors.  Nice romantic atmosphere-they dimmed the lights & with our toddler that wasn't a good thing. Better for couples. Dishes a little more than they are worth.
4	Great helpful server!  Excellent food!!  Yum!!
5	I've been to other restaurants serving Indian cuisine (in Sacramento) and Jewel of the Crown delivers. This place impressed me with its understated, elegant ambiance, service and food quality. Not only was the mixed kabob tasty and filling, the presentation was equally impressive as well (please see the photo I took). I think the food was reasonably priced and the service size very generous. I would go back the next time I visit Scottsdale.
4	I travel often to Scottsdale for business, and I always make it a point to come here.  The lamb korma is great, the chicken masala great as well.  Service can be a little slow at times.  All in all, wonderful Indian food!
5	I've eaten here twice and the food has been excellent both times.  The chicken curry I had there for lunch today was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The rice and naan it was served with were also good if unremarkable.  For some reason I decided to try the salted lassie today and salty is an understatement.  I LOVE salt and still only managed to make it through 1/3 of this drink so lassie drinkers beware.  I had the plain lassie the time before and it was good, if a bit foamy.Will definitely eat here again.
5	One of the best North Indian restaurants in Arizona.  Their presentation is something you just don't see at other restaurants.  I've always loved Indian food, but my wife has shied away at times.  This all changed when I brought her here.  She loved everything from the Mixed kabobs, to the chicken curry.  I was very excited to bring her here, and have her enjoy it the way she did.  I was also a big fan of their nann bread and their Alu Gobi, which is a cauliflower and potato dish.  I can't wait to go back!
5	We had the dinner for two plus side of naan.  Soups were very tasty and good portions (not the teeny cup of soup you usually get in restaurants).  The curries were very good, service good, a very pleasant experience.    I disagree somewhat with the reviewer who says place wasn't good for kids, yes it is fine dining but we went pretty much when the doors opened for dinner, few other diners at that time and we snagged a corner table relatively out of the way where we could keep our infant in her stroller.  Overall great experience, will definitely return.
4	We had a very nice meal here last night. The curries were pretty authentic and carried enough spice to make them very tasty. Unusual location but it wasn't hard to find. Good service, though we were only ones there when we finished at 8pm.
3	I had eaten here before with a friend and when I saw a Groupon for this restaurant I thought I would grab it and treat my husband to some Indian food. So we went there for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and ordered the Vegetable Samosa to start off. They were delicious. I then ordered the Vegetable Biryani and my husband order the Chicken Tikki Wrap. My husband really enjoyed his wrap. My rice was okay. For $14, I thought it would be a little better, but it was okay. Some of the vegetables (peas and carrots) seemed like they came from a frozen mix. I wasn't that impressed. The kicker came when we went to use our Groupon. Even though we had ordered over $25 worth of food without our "lunch special", we were told we couldn't use our Groupon  because we ordered a "lunch special". We told them that is fine, don't include the "lunch special" and just apply it to the other food we ordered, the waiter didn't want to split out the check because it would make the owner mad. I was like what?? Don't make the customer happy - great choice. Customer service is not their first focus. It would explain why they were so few people in there and they need to do a Groupon. There are other Indian restuarants by us with better food, so we won't be back.
3	Great location. Food was good, but not great and it is slightly overpriced. Service was good.
5	Excellent restaurant! Made reservations for NY's eve, seated immediately. Service excellent. Food delicious. Lamb perfectly prepared. Enjoyed Daal soup & Naan. Several children with families present, welcomed. Had "dinner for 2", required "go boxes" so much food. Delightful people, food, and decor. Would definitely go back. Highly recommend.
5	Great night was had with 20+ guests. Have had Indian food in parts of AZ, as well as New York and Australia, this was one of the better places that's for sure. Staff were friendly and attentive and the meals were served quickly. Well worth a return visit.
2	Naan is good but the rest of the food is bland
4	Thanks Groupon and yelp for introducing me to this place. I probably wouldn't have tried it if there hadn't been a Groupon, and probably wouldn't have bought the Groupon without reading the good reviews on Yelp. This place is pretty hidden so you most likely wouldn't find it unless you were looking specifically for it. I love Indian food, though there aren't a whole lot of options for it in the area, especially in Old Town. The first time I went there was an office Christmas party going on so we went and got some beers at OTT first and then came back and even though they were still pretty busy they were accommodating. Both times we got the kabobs as an appetizer and split the Chicken Tikka Masala and both were really good. One entree is enough for two people to split for sure. The garlic naan is also the bomb and last time we were there we got some mango ice cream for dessert and it was really good. Haven't been disappointed by anything there thus far. They have a patio and an inside area which is cool because I love patios and I also like options. If you want to get in and get out go around 6pm otherwise it will get pretty crowded. Also, they give you some stuff to munch on when you first sit down, which is always a plus in my book.
5	This restaurant was awesome. Everything we tried was great. We started with the Pakistani Alu Tiki, just delicious. We were pleasantly surprised to find that most appetizers are gluten free. Save for the Naan, which I hear is great.  I had the Vindaloo and my husband had the Vegetable Korma. The service was friendly and the atmosphere was very nice. They played Indian music - which is a welcome change compared to some ethnic restaurants that play Kenny G.!  Definitely will go again.
2	Went there yesterday night (8/9/13) because we purchased a Groupon. Now, I am NOT one of those people who, by default, think that all Indian food in the valley is horrible because it does not compare to my Mom's cooking. I am judging this place based on other Indian restaurants in the valley and the quality of food. Quantity of food - Really good. Ambience - Very nice. The decor is nice and pretty. I liked it. Service - decent.Taste of food - It was really bad. I am sorry to say it was boderline inedible. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, 2 plain naans and chicken biriyani. The chicken tikka masala was too "tomato-y". All I could taste was an overpowering tanginess from the tomato paste and it wasnt pleasant. The chicken wasnt soft and tender and flavorful either. The chicken biriyani was similarly tasteless. The rice in the biriyani was clumpy and overdone. You KNOW that is a cardinal sin while making biriyani....overdone rice!!! The naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti. My point in writing this is really to inform the owners. I think that, with a little bit of tweaking of the food, this place could be excellent!  But unless they do that, we are not going back again.
3	I like how the food comes out in mini buffet warmer type bowls with the tea lights underneath.  We got the lamb masala and chicken curry - both solid offerings.  However, thought it was a little light on the meat and spices.  We also got garlic naan which wasn't bad but again a bit bland.  I think the prices don't justify what you get, I'd be curious to see what the lunch portions look like.
3	The food was pretty good, not amazing. The location is great, in the Civic Center. But this place is WAY overpriced. Chicken dishes are $15, lamb dishes are $17, and they charge you for naan (and an order of naan comes with ONE piece of naan! We had to order two for two people). I come from a place that normally has higher prices than AZ and our Indian places were better, less expensive and always had free naan. If this weren't so much closer than other Indian places, I would say I wouldn't be back.
5	My favorite indian food restaurant. Vegetable korma is the best I've had in phoenix. Always good service and not busy. We usually go early for Sunday lunch.
2	Very bad taste, half cooked gravy flavor, both dishes tasted the same, and bad service not to mention couldn't eat the food or pack it, and they didn't care we threw the food and we didn't like it. No credit courtesy at all. Never going back. Waste of money.
5	We just love this place.  They have the sweetest little patio that overlooks the civic plaza lawn so it's nice and quiet and not on a road.  I've never ordered the same thing twice and I've always loved everything- that's saying a lot!
5	Hands down, the most consistent and delicious Indian food in town - the jewel kabob appetizer is a gem in itself.  Naans, curries all outstanding.  It's also one of the few spots in town where we request it "spicy" and they actually do it..........it's also extremely convenient for our other favorite hangout where they serve those oh-so delicious swimming pools, er I mean martinis.  LOL
5	I do not know why people would ever give this place low stars. Jewel of the Crown has been one of the best Indian restaurants in the valley. They use really fresh ingredients and their food does not have that overwhelming richness most Indian food usually has. I'm indian, and this food is a replica of what my mom makes! AMAZING.My favorite dish is the Chicken Tikka Masala! It is amazingly good and what they are known for! Everything is priced fairly...after all you are in Old Town Scottsdale. All the other restaurants are the same. Atmosphere is SO beautiful..everything is nice and clean too unlike some other gross Indian restaurants. Overall, excellent!!! :)
5	Excellent Indian food! The place is a bit hidden but that's what I liked about it. Great menu, amazing tastes. I highly recommend
2	Mediocre and extremely overpriced Indian food. It's about $4 per single garlic naan? $7 per tiny Samosa? $6 mango lasi? Take your business elsewhere. The kicker is not only is it overpriced, it's not even good. Not terrible, but not good either. And the service slow as a snail's pace. Will not be back ever again.
5	We have eaten at JOTC many (MANY) times over many years, and it has always been excellent.  Because it is a little bit of a drive for us to get there, we repeatedly try other Indian restaurants around town, but we always come back to JOTC.  Why?  Glad you asked.As others have noted, the restaurant is a nice place in a good location.  But it is the quality and consistency of the food that brings us back.  The chicken is always tender and not dried out.  The lamb is always meaty, not full of gristle like so many other Indian restaurants.  We love the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Chicken Tikka, the Lamb Saag.  And a cold Taj Mahal really goes well with it all.As to the service, yes, it is sometimes a little slow.  Nothing is perfect.But the food is always first rate.   I don't know what these other reviewers expect (free naan??  where do you get that??), but we have eaten in Indian restaurants around the country, and JOTC stacks up against them all.
1	Vegetarian Menu : made us sick.  We should have complained and left but we ate it and forever regret it.We ordered 4 Vegetarian entrees and all were OLD VEGETABLES ( I eat freshly cooked vegetables every day so I know when I'm served old vegetables). Went there on Friday night and from 6:30-7:30pm there were only 3 other tables(suckers like us with Groupons). Karaikudi Palace is the best Indian Restaurant in Phoenix.
5	Most certainly one of the best and premier Indian Indian restaurants in Phoenix, but arguably one of the best in the southwests.Can't really identify anything we didn't like. Atmosphere is great. Lamb masala and fish tandoori was spectacular. Garlic naan, on point. But the vegetable samosas were the spotlight. Not too doughy, the vegetable filling was unique. And paired the side of channa chick peas- delish!! We will be back and probably be bringing friends with us to show them this hidden gem. And it is a little hidden, tucked into one of the plazas in old town. But if you are familiar: it's nestled in by the iconic AZ88. Spot on. Thumbs up all around.
4	Not too bad, Customer service is outstanding.I can't wait to come back and try more. The location is great. Food is totally typical indian, you wont be disapointed
5	This is fast becoming one of my favorite restaurants. We are here every other week, and have not found a dish we didn't like. The Chicken Tikki Masala and the Chicken Bryani with Garlic Naan are what we usually get. The spice levels are always right on with our tastes. The two servers we regularly see are very nice, and are always ready with a recommendation of something new to try.It's always quiet, with only a handful of tables full at any given time, but that makes it a nice place for conversation, versus some of the busier places in Old Town.
1	Not impressed. First visit was last night and food was delivered at a tepid temperature. The cauliflower was actually cold to the touch. My dinner was delivered first and then we waited for my 2 companion meals to be brought to the table. Didn't have too long of a wait but there were no other customers even in the restaurant so really no excuses for not serving entire table at one time and the timing in the kitchen should have been better. Not impressed. Won't be back.
5	I travelled through two top Indian food states this year (Kerala & Punjab) over the course of two months. Simply, Jewel of the Crown is best.
5	This is our 4th time eating here and it has not disappointed. The restaurant is an authentic Indian setting, the service is great and the food is really delicious. We will continue to come here for our Indian food cravings.
4	Great experience I've always loved indian cuisine for it's bold seasoning and rustic plates Jewel of the Crown delivered on both those ends. Every dish was well made and seasoned, the lamb was tender and the chicken was still juicy. Garlic naan was the best! Only reason I did four instead of five stars is the service took a lil longer than I expected for my large party. I would definitely go back though.
5	There is very little quality Indian food in the greater Phoenix area, and this place is by far the best. The lamb Korma and chicken tikka masala are both excellent with chunky, lean meat and succulent sauce. Definitely a hidden gem in the valley of the sun.
