5	What?!  How can it be that no one has rated Jolly Bob's yet?  JB's is a great place for your next jerked meal.  I love the combo platter, jerked chicken, pork and other stuff.  And the drinks are great too!!  When you're in a Carribean mood, get thee to Willy St.!
5	Great place to mingle...kind of an oasis in the midwest....walk in anytime during the winter months, and your glasses will immediately fog up like you stepped into the tropics!  I haven't had too much of the food here, but the appetizers are great (coconut shrimp is awesome) and they have THE BEST chips and gaucomole that I have had in recent years.  If you're a dark rum fan, try a Zaya rum on the rocks, you won't regret it!
4	Dancehall night is super-fun. Delicious carrot soup, all right fried plantains. One night, however, I swear they kept making my vodka tonics with seltzer water and were uninterested in rectifying this problem.
4	Best drinks when I'm reminded of how good I had it growing up in the caribbean.Do NOT go between the hours of 4-9 on a Friday/Saturday night, you won't fit.But otherwise, my fave place to get fruity yummy drinks!!!
5	From the front, I was a bit skeptical...as we walked in, still...a bit skeptical..the hostess led us through the retro style empty restaurant, past a large tropical fish tank, back through another empty room, down the stairs..and there we found ourselves in a magical beautiful back patio on perfect summer night.  The appetizers were great especially the fried conch balls and the sauces...I love all the tropical drink choices and the price is for drinks is like that is super reasonable...they are strong though, and wish I could of tried about 5 more.The dinner...I wish I could remember what kind of fish I had, perhaps grouper...anyway, it was honestly the best prepared fish I have ever had!  Yes, I have declared it.  It was covered in a nutty batter then fried then served over jasmine rice.  I am still having dreams about it.Not use to the option of "personal check" payment option - remember to bring cash.Oh I can't wait to go to back to Madison for this place!!
4	Who knew such good caribbean eats could be found in Wisconsin?  This place is pretty damn cool -- the food is terrific and the drinks are potent & fun.  My boyfriend and I tried the conch fritters (SO good), and I had the Bajan Shrimp while he had the blackened fish.  Both were very tasty (though the latter was on the salty side) and definitely a recommend.
5	I absolutely love Jolly Bob's! They have a cool relaxed atmosphere, great drinks & super good food.  Conch Fritters or Asada are great choices for an appetizer so don't forget to get one of those. I love the salads and the different dressing (mango) they serve. For main dishes anything jerk is good.. chicken, pork, etc. The Blackjack is also super good (blackened mahi mahi) for seafood.I love the mojitos and find myself drinking way to many of them esp on a nice hot day! If you dare have one of there crazy Brazilian shots (they brew themselves)!  When going to J. Bobs set aside some time! Especially on a Fri or Sat night.  Its a small place with good food so it fills up fast & you will have to wait for a table. Relax at the bar until your tables ready.. Have some rum!!I would totally recommend this place!  =) Enjoy!
3	I haven't been to Jolly Bob's in awhile due to the fact that the service and quality of the food seemed to have drastically declined since first experiencing this restaurant in 2000.  There is better jerk in town, but all the fish dishes at JB's are excellent and not really available at other Caribbean places.  The one thing that definitely sets this place apart, though, is the drinks! If you like them like I like my men (fruity, but strong and with an umbrella) then you'll love Jolly Bob's. I recommend the Purple Meanie or the Painkiller. Mmm...wish I had one now.
4	I'm glad I finally got the chance to eat here, as the food here is really tasty.  I had a vegetarian curry of some sort, which was delicious and extremely filling.  People with allergies/aversions to dairy, beware: There are eggs and peanuts in this dish, which is not something I found on the menu.  I was delighted by this, but just a heads up in case you're a vegan, or y'know, so allergic to peanuts that you'll die if you eat it.  :)I loooove the fruity drinks.  A friend of my boyfriend lives in Miami and says that the tropical drinks at Jolly Bob's are much better than the tropical drinks there.  Woohoo!  Also, they're so very, VERY alcoholic.  After two drinks, you might actually think you're in Jamaica. The bummer?  No credit cards!!  In my opinion, this place is too expensive to not accept credit cards.  But whatever--it's one of the only places that I like too much for that to bother me.
4	Don't let the INCREDIBLY sketchy-looking exterior fool you, this place is great. I love the pain killer and their other deliciously wonderful drinks. The dance floor never fails to bring a wide variety of people. Just watching people dance is enough entertainment for the night! I've never been disappointed in a night at jolly bob's...and kinda miss it now that I live in Chicago!
5	I LOVE JOLLY BOB'S.Fun drinks(the BEST mojitos around!), great food, nice outdoor seating...FUN DRINKS. This is a great place to start a girls' night out, or have some great appetizers(if you don't get the coconut shrimp, you're a fool). I've had dinner there two or three times, and it's always been great. You could easily miss it, and drive right by the tiny store-front on Willy St--despite the bright robin's egg blue paint. Stop in! At least for a mojito(plain or strawberry are the best), or a  Love Lotion, or a Hummingbird, or a Purple Meanie, or a Painkiller, or...you get the idea.
4	I just wanted to say that everyone should get a Vanilla Lisa's Love Lotion.  Just go out right now and try it.  You won't regret it, and in fact, you'll probably thank me.
4	Good food, but some of it seems overpriced. The main attraction here are the crazy tropical cocktails. Lots of unique drinks. I like going here in the winter when its freezing and there's two feet of snow on the ground so I can pretend its summer. BEWARE: sometimes this place turns into a crazy dancehall party. Not really my thing.
3	Great for drinks - a haven in WI winter. The food is not very good.  Some of the appetizers are okay, but the meals are overpriced and don't taste very good.
4	Jolly Bob's is a good time. It's consistently a good time. Maybe it's the strong tropical drinks? It's often very crowded, but there is a great patio in back! On nights when there is live music, everyone gets their dance on. It's usually some sort of reggae which adds to the tropical experience. In addition to trying pretty much any one of the tasty tropical cocktails, I recommend the chicken appetizer that comes with the peanut sauce. It's amazing.
5	Jolly Bob's is a total trip. It's got food that to my knowledge you can't get anywhere else in Madison and is hard to find in general. Not only is it rare but it's fresh, exciting and of course by mandate delicious. It's small, unassuming from the outside, a bit expensive, service is a bit unhelpful at times, contains a beautiful backyard garden, has a slew of delicious tropical libation elixirs--its the perfect place to go on like a thursday/friday night with some fun adventurous friends. Their dishes tend to be more on the meatier side, grilled meats or seafood, along with some a variety of grilled vegetables or rice. You get a nice platter with a mixture of savory, sweet, and spicy. It's basically like for around 15 dollars which by Madison standards is a bit expensive considering we're talking casual Willy St. location. Making the trip special will make the experience worth it though. I love their salads too because you get to choose from a sweet tropical dressing. Of course the drinks are famous too. You could probably make them at home if you took the time, but really whose gonna do that unless you're having a big party and making tons. BE SURE though, you inquire about the drink you're getting because some of them are much less tropical/sweet/icy and more like rum with a splash of liqueur--not refreshing unless that's what you're going for. Overall, Jolly Bob's is a bit uneven. It's assisted by being so unique but the food delivers and the fun factor is high.
3	The drinks are really good here- it does not take a lot to get the night started. However, I was not too impressed with the food at Jolly Bob's. It was mediocre  and I thought the prices were too high for the neighborhood/food. I do appreciate this cuisine in Madison though.They have a really nice fish tank in the middle of the restaurant.I would recommend making a stop for drinks. I plan on giving the food a second chance.
4	Great drinks, great food, great service. That is pretty good for our supper club visits. Our club has been trying a new local restaurant every month for the last five years. We've been through a lot & we always go into restaurants with the knowledge that serving a group of 12 takes a lot. Sometimes people succeed, sometimes they flop. Jolly Bob's did really good! I would have given them 5 stars if the ceiling wasn't leaking onto our table. After asking to be moved, they gladly did so, as well as rearranging our old table so that future diners wouldn't be there either. I had the pecan crusted grouper. It was very tasty. Good rice too. Drinks all around the table were a big hit. I stayed with the mojito's all night, which were really well done. Not too sweet. Even though they don't take reservations, they said they would have a table ready for the 12 of us & hold it as long as they could. Additionally they said the don't do separate checks, but for us they did. The food came really timely. Breaks weren't too long or too frequent.  They don't take credit (which is somewhat standard at a few of the little local places in Madiosn) but have an ATM on site.I would definitely go back. Especially if looking for good strong drinks. Definitely an awesome local business, doing it right!
4	Recently went there for my sister's B-day. The food was excellent but there is not much of a menu. Only about 5 or 6 things to choose from and its pretty expensive. The fish my sister got was around $17.00...however it was probably the best fish Ive ever had(Think it was the pecan encrusted grouper.)I like the atmosphere in Jolly Bobs. Makes me feel like im in some little place in Jamaica (think that's the point). The walls are painted a pale yellow and numerous pictures of beaches and palm trees etc. In the dead of winter this would be an excellent to go grab a drink and forget the frigid temperatures....Which brings me to the reason I would go back. The drinks. They have fantastic tropical drinks. I normally don't go for the foo foo drinks but these are pretty good. I ordered the Mai Tai because I have never had one...highly recommended. Wanted to get a second one but I was buzzing pretty hard and had to drive(yeah they are strong). Ive actually been craving a Mai Tai for about two weeks now. Ive got to go back.
4	If you live in Madison or are visiting, be sure that Jolly Bob's is on your list of bars to stop by.  It provides a great friendly experience with good Caribbean music, unique mixed-drink selections, and one of the best outdoor patios to be found.  I can't stress the outdoor patio enough, and hopefully when you go it will be during the summer so that it is open.  They have a grotto with large tables to seat 4-6 friends and a very large table in the corner which can cater to an even bigger crowd.  The staff is warm and polite, and the mood always begs conversation.  Even the bar inside, while not as interesting as the outdoor patio, is a great place to stop in for some drinks.  The drinks and food can be selectively good though, so be wary and ask questions.  I ordered what I thought was going to be a casual fun Caribbean drink only to find out it was like drinking Bacardi 151 as if it were a sipping whiskey.  The food was fine, but nothing to write home about.  Still, all these things are made up for by the atmosphere and it's a cool place to introduce friends to.
5	You can't beat their amazing tropical drinks and reggae night.  Seriously, I wish they had a place like this in San Diego.  They probably do, but not with drinks that cheap! I've only been here for food like once and I don't really remember it.  Their drink menu has more things on it than the food menu.   Be careful though, the drinks are sneaky.  It can be too late before you realize that you've had too many and find yourself puking in the gutter outside...
4	I've only been here once, but I had a good time. The food was nothing to write home about, but it has a great atmosphere. The fruity drinks aren't cheap, but they're also not ridiculous (6-10 bucks). I'd go back. Oh, and one exception to the so-so food were the conch fritters. They were a little different than I've had before, with more crunch and spice. Awesome.Don't forget, this place does not accept credit or debit cards!  I guess there's an ATM, but, seriously, I don't want to have to go to the ATM.
4	There are a few things that are tough about this place: street parking, cash only, cinderblock exterior, and their drinks are so good it means their food gets some so-so reviews by comparison.I've found their food to be quite yummy, and I enjoy the relaxed yet vibrant atmosphere. Apparently they have a lovely deck for summer outdoor dining, too.They are known for their great drinks, however, so you can't skip those. Just make sure you have both cash and a designated driver, as you'll want to try a couple and linger a while :)
3	Food was decent, but overpriced.  The drinks are great and tropical.  The atmosphere is like a latin american bar, but it's just not my style.  Overall, it's good just a tad bit overpriced.
4	ok, yes.  the drinks are the highlight.  the scene is nice, esp in winter when it's warm and the smells take over the place.  the food..the fish is really good.  the avocat and the blackjack are always sound choices.  if you ate that, i'd wrap up a 5 star.  however, I tend to find the jerk (chicken and pork, but esp the pork) to be on the dry side.  if you're sitting outside and have a couple darkn'stormy or nacho loco's in your belly, you won't mind and I'd say you'd good back.
4	This is a great place to come unwind in the outdoor seating, although most people have the same idea so the wait to get outside can be long sometimes. The drinks are good, although they make a killer mojito!The food is pretty good, I agree with the other posters that it isn't anything special though. I recommend the Avo-Cat or conch fritters, both very delicious! But for such a small kitchen it does taste good! The only downside is the cash only, because I normally don't walk around with a wallet full of $20's and constantly walking to the ATM gets old.
3	After three visits, I have mixed feelings about Jolly Bob's.  Overall I'm glad it's here, but they could definitely improve on a few things.The good:- patio out back is great in the summer (but watch the slope!)- drinks are strong and tasty- salads are nice and fresh, with a yummy spicy mango dressingThe bad:- food is generally so-so, especially for the price ($15-$17 for a fish fillet with a side of rice and salad).  - cash only; no split checks- can be REALLY slow!  (we were told there would be a 45 minute wait, but we weren't seated for 80 minutes, and then it took another 45 minutes or more until we got our food)
5	All I can say is I LOVE everything about this place!!!   EVERYTHING!!!!
1	My overall experience with Jolly Bob's was pleasant and I'm disappointed giving them one star, but the service was so appalling that this review is necessary. The majority of the evening was fine. I was in a large group for my friends birthday. For some reason it was a big problem for them to squish 2 tables together so our two tables sat kiddy corner from each other. Our table had fairly decent service and they were even kind enough to honor our request from bread 2 times! The other table had slower service and kind of a snotty waitress. However, the birthday girl was at the other table and was presented with a birthday shot which made up for the aloof attitude. The food was decent. The bread was divine, our main courses were ok and the drinks were pretty good. We all ordered a variety of blended cocktails and fruity beverages. So, we were all ready to leave and on our way out the door when the waitresses stopped two in our party and questioned whether their service was adequate because they felt their tip was lower than the service they provided. They felt that they went above and beyond by "trying" to seat us together and going out of their way to give the birthday girl a shot (even though they made it seem as though it was a typical Jolly Bob's birthday custom. "It's your birthday: you get a free shot or a free slice of pie.") My friends were truly appalled by this confrontation and replied the tip reflected the service.After the service so rudely approached our group, the 3. 5 star rating I previously considered was shot. 1 star for horrendous waitstaff. Also, if you're a cash only establishment, you should consider more cash-friendly prices.
4	I lived in Madison for 10 yrs and went to Jolly Bob's often.  Whenever I'm back in the area, we always make a point to stop for a drink.I'm not a big fan of their food but it has nothing to do with quality.  Their selection is small and I don't particularly care for Caribbean food.Their drinks are AMAZING.  Still the best I think I've had.  Great music, cool atmosphere and usually pretty friendly service.
4	Jolly Bob's has a really fun atmosphere.  I like to go in the summer and sit on the back patio or in the winter to drink something tropical and forget about the snow.  When you walk in, it looks like kind of a dive, but the food is actually really tasty.  The prices are a little higher than you'd expect, but entrees do come with a salad with awesome mango curry dressing and lots of bread.  I've tried many of the entrees and they are all good, though probably not healthy.  You'll need the bread to compensate for all of the booze they put into the drinks.  Again, the drinks aren't cheap, but they are strong, so it kind of balances out.  Service is pretty hit or miss, so just go for a low key night and you'll be fine.  If you're hoping to get in and out quickly, this is the wrong place.  There is often a wait and their time estimates aren't the most accurate.  Also, they don't take credit cards so bring cash or a check.
4	This is a 5 star dive bar, and one of my favorites. Jamaican fusion, the food is really good, but it can be hit or miss at times. The problem is the place is small and not a well kept secret. Fridays and Saturday the place is slammed. In the summer they try to put people out back. They do not take credit card and parking can be tough. All the problems aside this is worth the trouble. Say away from the wall of tequila your head will thank you in the morning, no mater how much your friends challenge you, there in no way to do one shot of each and get through the night.
1	You do not want to waste your time at Jolly Bob's. Yes it has fun drinks if you can actually get one. The bartender there is plain rude and it takes forever to get a drink. Food if average. Trust me a lot better places in town.
3	This is a very cheerful restaurant--bright blue and yellow walls, a saltwater fish tank with all sorts of neat coral, and delicious tropical cocktails.  Try the lemongrass margarita.  A good place to go when it's rainy or you're feeling down.There's only one vegetarian entree on the menu (the vegetable curry), but it is quite tasty and the portion is substantial.  The entrees come with their house salad, which is fresh, delicious, and topped with your choice of mango curry, jerk strawberry, passion fruit, or banana poppyseed dressing.  Yum!  For appetizers, the fried plaintains, guacamole, and grilled pineapple salsa are all good.  I was less impressed with the watercress and heart of palm salad.  The salad itself was good, but the dressing was nearly intolerably tart.I docked Jolly Bob's a star because it is cramped, crowded, and can get terribly busy and noisy.  The services is not the greatest.  It can be extremely hard to get the bartender's attention; you practically have to stick a twenty in his face.  Frankly, I don't think their staffing is up to the demand.  There should have been two or three bartenders, but there was only one, and he was helping with tables as well.  The waitstaff should have been doubled and the host should have been sitting at the front of the restaurant, NOT in some corner behind the fish tank. I recently went during the last week of their Groupon.  We got to the restaurant at 5:45p, weren't seated until 6:30, and had to wait another half hour for our salads.  The drinks came AFTER the salads, and the entrees after that.  We didn't get out of the restaurant until 8:00.  This was on a Monday night!  It's never been quite that bad before, but definitely a place to go early.Note: They don't take credit cards.  There is an ATM in the restaurant, but it has a $2 fee.  Bring cash.  The drink prices are fairly standard, but the entrees are a bit expensive.
4	Jamaican food and drink; I love their outdoor patio (out in the back) It gives a very tropical vibe on cool summer nights .. especially after a few of their great blended drinks! :-)Food is consistently good - a little on the pricey side though.
4	Great place to enjoy a nice conversation with a friend or two. Drinks and food are great! My only complaint is the set up of the space. It's just disorganized. I know that's part of the tropical feel, but I really wanted to move stuff around and make the place flow better. Anyways, worth visiting any time, but I would never try to go there with a large group.
5	My wife and I went there for our 11th anniversary to recapture the flavors we experienced when we went to Negril for our wedding/honeymoon. We started out with some of their famous drinks which were delicious and STRONG! Purple Meanie is nothing to mess with, the Dark and Stormy is snappy, and the Nacho Loco is a great after dinner drink. For appetizers, I had the coconut shrimp and my wife had the angry potatoes....very tasty.  The shrimp were large, butterflied, and coated in crispy sweet wisps of coconut. The dipping sauce was a perfect combination of sweet and spicy. The Angry Potatoes were lavishly covered in a not too spicy tomato sauce and crispy. The house salads that came with the meals were deliciously simple with dressings that add a Caribbean twist. I had Strawberry Jerk Vinaigrette, she had Creamy Passionfruit, both very good. We could not go to Caribbean restaurant without going jerk, so my wife opted for the chicken. It was a half bird that was just perfectly spiced and very tender. It reminded us of the jerk we had in Negril. I had the Blackened Mahi Mahi with Jasmine rice and citrus cream sauce.....heaven!The service was great and very attentive. We got there early on a Friday evening and enjoyed our meal at a leisurely pace without feeling rushed. When we left, the place was hopping and the staff appeared to not lose step with the increased volume and pace.This is THE place to go for authentic Caribbean food. Irie mon!
4	One of my favorite places in Madison, Wi.  For being in the midwest it is hard to find good fish...however the mahi mahi was do delicious.  The outside is so cool to hangout and chill and you just want to stay and hang with your friends all day.Service is great, food tasty, drinks amazing!!!
4	My husband and I were in Madison for business trip. I wanted to try something different. And I am so glad I found this place on Yelp! This is going to be one of our regular stops in Madison. The fish was AWESOME! The only problem, they don't take credit cards. Cash or check only. We were not prepared, but they had an ATM machine (charges a fee).It was sort of hard to find with the road construction going on. But worth the hassle of driving around looking for a parking spot.
4	Let's just say that you should be careful if you like caipirinha's because they are deliciously deadly. I have over served myself on a couple of occasions. 1. If you are in Madison in the summer, then you must stop here for dinner because the back outdoor area of this place can't be beat in Madison. 2. The food is delicious. I particularly have a love for the Almond Papaya Shrimp. I'm on a shrimp kick lately, but it is melt in your mouth caribbean fare. 3. The place actually has a legit caribbean feel. Plus it's on the east side of Madison, so obviously it's the $hit. On top of all that, they have all of these great pics of cool spots across the caribbean that make you want to travel to sunny destinations. They are not on sale, but sometimes I wish they were.
2	We were seated in the tacky (but, I admit, somewhat charming) outdoor seating area. The plastic patio tables and chairs were ridiculous. I don't mind that they were plastic - they just looked like they were from the 70's and were horribly dirty and uneven. I mean, really, how hard is it to get some nicer plastic furniture so your customers aren't wobbling all over the place??Didn't care much for the food. Drinks I thought were overpriced. I wanted to try the chicken curry - but they were out. So I ordered the Mahi mahi and it was overcooked and dry. My boyfriend's fried chicken was also overcooked when it should have been juicy. The best part about my order was probably the mango curry salad dressing I had on the salad that came with my meal. Pretty tasty. Underwhelming experience. Maybe will come back for just some fun fruity drinks... but that's a big maybe.
4	Their fruity tropical drinks are incredibly delicious!! Some are really boozey and others not so much. The patio out back is a lovely place to spend a summer evening (although the uneven ground makes for a wobbly experience at times - or maybe that was just the drinks). They don't take cards which is pretty unfortunate for a place in their price range.
1	Had bad service and bad shrimp.  Can't comeback from serving bad shrimp or should I say prawns. If it was good,3 stars at the most.
4	I went to Jolly Bob's with fairly low expectations. The average rating was high, but the more I read into the reviews, it seemed like most people went here solely for the drinks.Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! As most people suggest, yes - the drinks are dangerous... Very dangerous. I sucked down my two Hummingbird cocktails in a matter of minutes.I was totally not expecting the table bread to be anything to write home about, but it was actually! It was warm and had that "fresh from the oven" taste to it. And the butter packets that came with it were not ice cold... you could actually spread it.Real food-wise, the table ordered the Conch Fritters, which were a little spicy for me, but still pretty tasty with an interesting texture. For an entree, my s/o and I shared the BBQ Jerk Pork. For $12.50 this is an awesome value because it probably feeds 4 people with the amount of meat they give you. At first bite I thought the pork was extremely dry, but then I noticed the side of banana ketchup that came with the pork, and suddenly I was in heaven.Entrees come with a House Salad, which was also a nice touch. We really enjoyed it with the Creamy Passionfruit Dressing.Service-wise, our waitress had the perfect balance of attentiveness. She was cool, didn't neglect us, but also wasn't hovering over us. We were very comfortable.Maybe we got lucky, but the funky atmosphere, good conversation, and surprisingly good food and drink provided a great night!
3	On a cold, rainy Sunday evening, I was looking for a place to eat to liven my spirits and thought Jolly Bob's could do the trick. After reading other Yelper reviews, I was well-prepared to have a full tropical drink menu to choose from, but very few reviews of the actual food. My date and I started off with a couple of fruity drinks and ordered the Papas Bravas to start (potato chunks with spicey sauce) - the app was a good compliment to the drink (a little sweet with a lot of spice). Because we were the only customers in the restaurant at the time, everything came out of the kitchen at a good pace, and our waitress was attentive but not intrusive.The menu wasn't very extensive for the main course, and for someone who doesn't eat seafood, the options are cut in half (and a vegetarian only has 1 main dish to choose). I decided to go with the BBQ Jerk Pork, while my date chose the Black Jack (blackened Mahi Mahi). Both came with a house salad and table bread; word to the wise, the house salad is caribbean-style with fruit-based dressings, so don't expect iceburg lettuce and ranch dressing.When the main dishes arrived, the plates were inviting, but my pork ended up being mostly fatty and pretty dry (it didn't seem very fresh to me). The sides were good, but not outstanding. My date said his fish was cooked well and tasted great.In the end, I wasn't very impressed with the food, and the drinks were somewhat overpriced. I don't think I would return for the food, but would be a fun place for an after work happy hour. The ambiance itself wasn't very impressive either, but then again, I didn't get to try the outdoor patio.
5	I am not sure why you would go here looking for anything other than seafood and drinks.  The drinks are tasty, average in price for Madison, and the bartenders actually have to know how to use a blender and prepare fruit for drinks.  This is a surprise in a downtown where most "bartenders" are either just eye candy or can't do anything other than pull a tap handle.  The food is generall fast and quite good.  At times I find it a bit lost under the sauces, but the sauces themselves are tasty.  My favorite is the grouper.  My wife loves the strawberry salad dressing.  I hear they have Carribean music performances at night, but I have not witnessed one.  Overall its a great spot and one of my favorite in Madison.
4	Jolly Bobs is definitely a little bit of the carribean in Madison. Strong drinks and slow service is standard all over the Carribean so this is not a radical departure. The food is very good but expensive and the atmosphere is always awesome. If the place is empty or packed full it is always fun. If I'm going there to eat I go there with the plan to go someplace else if it's busy. And as someone who was in the industry for a while, I know it's called gratuity but until min wage gets raised for service industry, just tip well and there will be no awkward unpleasant-ness and you won't have to write a bad review.
5	When my boyfriend told me Jolly Bob's had the best drinks, I was kind of skeptical. I had really never had a good mixed drink and I didn't have high expectations. But Jolly Bob's sure proved me wrong. I had a passion fruit daquiri that was expertly blended and tasted amazing. I also had a drink called Seafoam that was a bit stronger but not overpowering. The bartenders know their stuff. We didn't eat there but people around us had ordered food and it looked pretty good. We'll be sure to try some when we come back.
4	As a visitor from California to Wisconsin, I'm always shocked and awed by the amazing drink prices. Jolly Bob's was no different. I had the Vanilla coconut drink and my boyfriend had the Painkiller. In California, these drinks would be about $10 each, and not as strong. I've heard good things abou tthe lemongrass margarita as well.Our tortilla chip appetizer was my favorite dish of the night, fresh torillas fried and dipped in guac. It was magical. I forgot how flavorful tortilla chips can be. I won't be able to eat the store-bought kind anymore from now on. Our jerked prok was kindof fatty, but the flavor was awesome and it was moist and tender.The atmosphere was my favorite part, though. It looks so divey from the outside, but inside is so cozy and cultural. I think it was Samba night because it was Friday, and the music was good.
3	I was incredibly skeptical of eating here based on the appearance of the building. I do however trust in the "hole in the wall" experience so I decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised by how big  the inside was compared to what I expected. The "hostess" stand is halfway through the building on the other side of the bar- not really welcoming. We were sat immediately which was nice since it was 8 pm on a Friday night and this was our second stop since the first was packed. We were given water right away and were able to browse the menu and decide on food before the server came back for our drink orders. We didn't order any drinks but the ones around us looked good, fairly reasonable $6-$8. Salads came out really fast (I believe all the wedge salads were pre-made and they just add your ordered dressing) the Jerk strawberry vinaigrette was delicious! And then we waited... Fresh warm bread was delivered and it was really good! But then we waited... And finally our entrees came out (the avo cat- deliciously prepared fish, and coconut shrimp appetizer- a little oily but a really good flavor) by the time the server returned to check on us we were done. It took a few more passes before he brought us the check and we found out plastic wasn't accepted. Not unusual for a Willy St business but annoying because we didn't want to wait for the change. The ambience wasn't anything to write home about- even the salt water tank only had one small tiny fish! The food was good, a little overpriced but slow service... Might try it one more time, especially for the drinks!
1	I'm a Madison native and have been to Jolly Bob's a few times. It's not a terrible place, but tonight as I was walking in I saw a long dress code. I thought it was a joke at first, because in addition to "no doo-rag", they said that no white shirts were allowed. I thought they couldn't be serious.That is, until I got turned away at the door. I'm a white guy, but I can recognize that policies like this are clearly racist. They're trying to keep out 'ghetto' guys and have ended up with a laughable dress code. I honestly felt like I was in the '50s and segregation was in full force - it was just a bizarre, sad experience, especially after living in Brazil for 3 years.Add to this the fact that as I stood there at the door trying to get my sister's attention, I saw a woman in a white shirt and pointed her out to the bouncer. "The code is only for men" he said. O.....K..... that makes a lot of sense.This is a racist policy that people shouldn't support. I'm definitely not going in there again - no matter what I'm wearing.
2	is this place for real?do people actually come here to eat and drink?this place is listed under 'caribbean'? really?what the hell is that all about?
5	This is hands down the best restaurant in Madison for the unhyped, properly priced, on this side of pretentious ;)  I have had a long love with Jolly Bob's and I always will.  The decor and size make it a place that seems packed all the time, but don't let that deter you.  Drink a purple meanie and chill until your table is ready.  I love the curry cream mussels, the black jack and the curry chicken or pork.This place is a staple in Madison and a place everyone should eat or drink at one time.  Oh and the aforementioned Purple Meanie - I've been able to drink 4 of them.  While I'm proud, I would not suggest it to anyone.  Car and driver required :)
4	Jolly Bob's is a splash of Caribbean flair in the middle of chilly Wisconsin.  The bar is not only stocked like woah, but they have an entire menu of fruity tropical beverages that will transport you to those beach memories.  The husband and I immediately were reminded of our honeymoon while sippin' on my 'painkiller' (name of one of the fruity cocktails).  The menu is stocked with tasty Caribbean feasts.  I totally dig their authenticity to the Caribbean flavors like banana, curry, mango, and jerk seasoning.I ordered the BBQ jerk pork ribs which were delish and huge.  Seriously almost didn't fit in the to-go box.  The banana guava ketchup was so unique and amaze on the pork.  Gotta go back soon, maybe for happy hour next time!
4	Jolly Bob's has a fantastic cocktail menu from which my wife ordered. It looked delicious! I was in the mood for one of the local favorites on tap, but it came out rather flat. Next visit I think I'll stick to the cocktails.All the entrees come with a house salad including an array of four or five dressing to choose from. I chose the mango curry dressing, which I did not regret one bit. The mix of sweet and spicy was an excellent foreshadowing of meal to come. The salad was served as a pyramid of lettuce surrounded by some appetizing mix-ins.For the entree I ordered the beef tenderloin. I didn't think the cut of meat was great for price but overall I was pleased with the dish. It was served with an amazing salsa, a fried egg, pickled red onion and fresh avocado, all of which complimented the beef well. On the side were some of the best sweet potato fries I've ever tasted.We ate inside - it was a touch dark and cold for an outdoor meal. Inside was nice but there was no danger of an overwhelming sense of being lost in the Caribbean. The giant fish tank in the middle of the restaurant housed only three small fish.
3	Jolly Bob's was... okay.Came here for dinner yesterday and found that the bar was extremely crowded, and blocked off the dining area. I was not greeted by anyone, I needed to get the attention of someone to ask to be put on a list.It took over half an hour to get seated. Was served bread reasonably quickly and service once seated was actually decent overall. Bread was good and fresh, Salad was also very good. Then the entrees came. I got the Avo Cat, which itself was good, but not great for its price. The accompaniments were also just... okay. Rice was particularly dry. Some of my dining companions had food was also merely okay (4oz mahi mahi for 13.50?, dry chicken in a curry dish?)When it was time to take the bill, the server couldn't be bothered to split the cash only bill. I may come back again some time for drinks, as what my companions had were quite good, but I'm not so sure I'd come back for dinner again.
1	They don't take credit cards.  That's a non-starter for me.  This is 2012, suck it up, I never have cash, it's the cost of doing business.  The food is too mediocre to pull the "no credit cards" thing, David's Jamaican in Monona is WAY BETTER.
5	Jolly Bob's has some of the best authentic Caribbean food around Madison, and in the middle of winter they are an oasis of tropical drinks and atmosphere. I've come here several times, and they have never disappointed me. The last time I went I had a gift certificate I had received at Christmas. Someone from the staff had mistakenly wrote the purchase date of the gift card in the spot where the expiration date goes. When I presented it to our waitress and explained the situation, she didn't even pause a beat and said, "No problem, we'll honor that." We had great service and great food. My food recommendation are the meat skewers - especially the lamb. All in all, just a great place, great people, great food, and amazing atmosphere.
4	I love Jolly Bob's!!! They have the most delicious cocktails which I love because I was a bartender for years and love creativity in beverages. Last time I was there I actually ate dinner for the first time and had a blackened shrimp/rice dish which was incredible!! Their best kept secret is the outdoor patio out back.  It seems almost tropical in the warmer weather with the amazing array of trees.Keep in mind it's cash only!!! :)Thanks for all the good times!!!
1	I've never been in love with Jolly Bob's .  I get their niche, but have always thought Jamerica had better food.  They do have good cocktails and I do like their coconut shrimp.  I recently went there on a Thursday night with a group of 7.  It took over 5 minutes to even get an acknowledgment from the bartender.  Then about 20-25 minutes to get our drinks.  We were told it would be 45-60 minutes for a table, ok we were fine drinking at the bar....if we actually had service.  Bar service was dreadfully slow...after 90 minutes, still no table.....we inquired and were told that large table was just finishing up.  Well, we decided that due to the poor service we received, we wanted to take our large party elsewhere and went do a restaurant down the street!
5	Painkiller. Go. Drink it. It will fix what ails you.Great cocktail menu. I have yet to eat here, but the drinks are great. Patio outside is neat as well. Perfect place to go to when you want to forget you're in central Wisconsin for a few hours.
3	Not a huge fan of tropical, fruity drinks, so keep that caveat in mind with this review. Met a friend for a cocktail on Saturday afternoon.+ Welcoming feel; a little oasis on Willy Street+ Great descriptions on the cocktail menu+ Lots of top-shelf booze options- Very limited tap selection- Drinks are far too sweet- Food is underwhelming & pricey+/- Drinks slightly pricey, but strong. A bit too sweet for my liking.- Cash only+ ATM on-site- Narrow, small bar area; limited seating- Gets packed and difficult to move/navigate- 1 bartender made for slow service- Servers deliver food from "kitchen" to tables by making their way through the crowded bar- Open kitchen stinks up the place very quickly- Patrons seemed to all be inebriated prior to their arrival to Jolly Bob's... not sure if it was because of the Badger game or what, but there were a ton of obnoxious folks there; copious amounts of strong drinks didn't help things much=== Update ===I've been back a few times since my initial review; sat at the bar a few times and also sat at a table twice. Slow service, regardless of where you sit. Drinks: syrupy and strong. Too strong (never thought I'd say that). Food: meh. It's good, but not amazing, and definitely not worth the premium prices. And why does this turn into a dance club at 9:30pm?? I don't get it.
2	A group of us decided on Jolly Bob's last night to break away from the bitter cold and transport ourselves into a taste of the Caribbean.  What an utter disappointment.  I have eaten there several times before, although it has been a couple of years, and was very pleased.  This time was a tragedy.  The Lemon grass Margarita was nice but a little overdone with sweet and sour.  I ordered a Mojito at the beginning of dinner but it was terrible.  The club soda was flat and the drink was tasteless.  The night got worse from there.  Three of us had  the seafood bisque that was totally cold.  The Waitress took 2 back and instead of bringing 2 hot new bowls, she brought the same bowls back and we can only hope that they were given to the right people.  The other guest just ate his cold since he was too hungry to wait.  I ordered the blackened Mahi-Mahi and it was the worst piece of fish I have ever had, including what I prepared when I was just learning to cook.  The piece was tiny and so overcooked I could hardly cut with a knife.  My husband ordered the jerk combination and it was cold as well.  He didn't send it back but ate what meat he could find around all the fat that made up at least half of his dish.  Two guests ordered the Almond Shrimp and it was terrible.  The only reason I can give it 2 stars is because the Black Jack fish that I received after sending my blackened Mahi-Mahi back was delicious and finally hot, and the wings ordered by another guest were delish. The original dressings on the salads also made them extraordinary.   I really hope they can get their act together soon before it is too late.
5	Excellent food, great atmosphere, and an expansive menu with detailed descriptions. And the drink list. . . oh the drink list!! I really enjoyed this place and look forward to returning.
3	I consider myself a Jamaican food enthusiast and I was truly not impressed with the quality of the food. It's was simply OK, along with the service and the drinks. The atmosphere is nice though especially for a date night or one on one.
3	Stopped by Jolly Bob's for the first time on a whim one night, as other dinner plans fell through and we were wandering Willy Street in search of grub. What a happy accident!I should mention this night was particularly cold. Jolly Bob's was a wonderful little "staycation" with tropical drinks, spicy food, and a cozy atmosphere.I had a Love Lotion, per the bartender's suggestion, and later a caipirinha (a go-to drink of mine) with dinner both were strong enough and tasty!For dinner, I went the snacking/tapas route, ordering each of the beef empanadas (one curried, the other not), a jerk pork pincho with banana ketchup, and papas bravas (potatoes in a spicy tomato sauce). I looooved the empanadas, though one was a little short on filling. The pork was a little bit dry and not a great temperature. And the papas were pretty good, though the sauce was chunkier than expected, more like pico de gallo and less like the smooth sauce I've become accustomed to.Our waitress was really informative, though sometimes a bit abrupt, cutting people off when speaking.I'd happily go back for drinks and empanadas any time!
5	Best best best food. Shrimp was delicious with the coconut rice. Lovely wait staff. Drinks are reasonably priced and very good. Get a taxi if you planning on going there.
4	Such great food and atmosphere. Jolly Bob's is one of my favorite Madison restaurants. The drink menu is fun and Caribbean themed.  I have tried most things on the menu and each dish is excellent. The outside patio is wonderful in the summer, but indoors is also nice for a mini-vacation in the winter. Definitely a great place to take out of town visitors.The front of the house can be a little unorganized, and last I checked, the restaurant does not accept credit cards so make sure you come with cash/check.
4	This place is by far one of the must go-to places in Madison. The food is so unique and delicious. However, I have noticed if you sit in the back patio area, you will be sitting at a slant and covered with bugs and twigs from the surrounding trees. When I sat at my table I was taken to recently, there was dirt, bugs, twigs, etc., all over my table's plates. Is it still worth going? Absolutely. Just avoid the back patio area. Also: The napkins ALWAYS smell like mildew; pretty unpleaseant.
5	Soooooo delish! Love the authentic look, love the super friendly staff, love love love,,,
1	Worst service I have ever recived in my life. Ordered food for my toddler to come out first and it came out last. Waitress was awefull and tried making excuses why a table that was seated and ordered after us had there food before us.
4	This place is great! Excellent patio. Extensive cocktail menu. Delicious food! Worth checking out for sure.
4	One cuisine I wish was more common in Denver is Caribbean food. So I was particularly excited to try it when I was recently in Madison visiting friends. Jolly Bob's was quite excellent. I had some tostones for an appetizer, which was a great surprise as I haven't had tostones since I had a Puerto Rican housemate in college. These weren't as good as those and the guacamole could've used a bit more spice I thought, but they were still a nice trip to fond food memories.I had some delicious tropical drink thing that was pretty good, though it took quite awhile for it to be served. Service here generally was a bit slow.For an entree, I had the jerk chicken. It was a decent version though I also felt the spices could be upped a notch. It came with a salad that I actually thought was better since it had this wonderful curry mango dressing that should be put on practically anything. It also came with some peas and rice. I asked for some dressing for those and it went very well together.With their expansive patio painted in pastels, I had a brief thought that I was actually in the islands somewhere instead of Madison, Wisconsin. That means they did their job.
1	Worst experience ever! Rude staff, marginal food, and filthy. Definitely will not patronize this place again. Let me start by saying that Jolly Bob's used to be a decent place with a nice atmosphere, but it has taken a definite down turn within the past year. I had not been to Jolly Bob's for awhile, so I recommended to a couple of friends that we stop there on a Friday night to grab something to eat. These are the highlights of our visit:1. Paid a cover charge to enter the restaurant to eat (what restaurant charges a fee to get in the door to order food? Jolly Bob's does!)2. Placed an order for food and was asked to pay (CASH ONLY) before the order was even sent to the kitchen. (Rude guy literally slammed my change on the bar and never asked if I would like anything to drink (water)). Friends looked at me shocked and asked if I knew that guy. (No, no I did not).3. Friend "A" asks for a menu and the rude guy replies "Your friend has a menu", and walks away.4. Friend "B" orders a margarita and is told they are out of the particular liquor required to make it. (Huh? A Caribbean restaurant that can't make a margarita on a Friday night? Ummm, okay.) 5. I ask for a drink menu to suggest drinks to friend "B". Extremely rude lady pushes a drink menu towards us and says, "but it's in Spanish" and walks away. (First of all, who is she to assume that I am not literate in Spanish? Second, the menu was in English.)6. I attempt to help friend "B" order her drink  and the rude lady asks if we are ordering two drinks and we clarify that we are ONLY ordering ONE drink (for friend B). We are then served TWO drinks and given a really big attitude when I refused the drink (I was the DD). Rude lady promptly snatches my friend'a drink away (without asking) and pushes the second drink in front of her. (Friends look at me confused and ask if we can move to a booth because they were feeling so uncomfortable around the rude lady.)7. We move to a booth where we promptly stick to the seats (gross).8. Go to the bathroom to find water and whatever else all over the floors, an odor of urine, and used toilet paper on the floor. (Nasty. And it wasn't even late and they weren't even busy).9. Food comes. Conch Fritters were way over fried (almost burnt) and extremely salty. Steak skewer was "okay". Chips and guacamole were good. 10. Finally, a redeeming effort! An extremely personable, professional, and friendly African American gentleman (I don't know his name) came over as we were leaving and apologized to us and offered a refund for the Conch Fritters. His actions were the ONLY positive thing about Jolly Bob's. 11. We went somewhere else and all decided that we would never patronize Jolly Bob's ever again. I profusely apologized to my friends for having recommended Jolly Bob's. Friends were so shocked by the incidents at Jolly Bob's that they kept mentioning how horrible the experience was to other people/friends throughout the night. I will never be back to Jolly Bob's and I will never recommend Jolly Bob's to anyone. Such a shame, Jolly Bob's used to be a really neat place with good food and a welcoming atmosphere.
1	Ok I don't very often post reviews, but its two weeks after eating there and its still on my mind so I figure I should say something. If I could give a negative star I would... raw food when its supposed to be cooked should be an auto negative!I should have known after reading rave reviews about the drinks, but very little about the food that I should have stayed away.  All I can say is this was the worst meal I have ever had in Madison, and I have had some bad ones. A party of 3, my husband, his mother and myself.  We were seated near the fish tank, in the fairly dark back 1/2 of the room.  As soon as we sat down my husband looked up because something was dripping from the ceiling on his head.  He endured a few more drips before moving to the other side of the table. Our server was a peach, very sweet and good at her job.  That was the only good part I can really say.  They ordered the bisque and it came out lukewarm, but my husband said it wasn't bad.   Then came the salads: Iceburg chunks, with some jicima, crutons, mandarine oranges and some wilted greens.  I orderd the strawberry vinagrette, it was chunky pink glops on the salad and tasted off.  I figured it may just be me not likeing their "jerk" seasoning mixed with the strawberries, but my husband who had a different dressing also thought his was odd. It got worse for the entrees, I had the pecan crusted grouper; DH ordered a bone in seasoned pork ; MIL Jerk Pork.  MIL complained that it was too peppery, but I can't completly fault the restruant for that since she did order Jerk.  But.. hubbys pork was a tough as shoe leather, and had no bone.  He couldn't even cut it with a knife, he ate 2 bites and left it.   Now my grouper was the straw that broke the camels back... the pecans were burnt, yet the fish was still RAW in the middle.  The only way I can figure this is that it was cooked frozen, how else do you burn the outside and keep the inside raw.    At least the server took my fish off the bill, but we were charged for everything else!!  The only thing I had for dinner was a few pieces of bread and a few chunks of jicima that didn't have the pink glop dressing on them, hubby had a bowl of soup and about 1/2 his salad.  MiL had half her jerk and most of her salad and soup... and the bill still came to over $70... for inedible food.  I cannot recommend this place to anyone, and will NEVER go back.  I thought I should write this review so you can create your own opinion based on my experience there.  I hope the waiterss we had can find a better place to work, since she was the only good part of the place.
4	If the Supreme Court ever approves human + appetizer marriage, I will immediately propose to the chips and guac at Jolly Bob's because I want to spend the rest of my life with them. Good drinks, good food. Service a little slow, but it was a busy Friday.
4	Pretty awesome bar! Went here for a few pre-dinner drinks with a few people, it was right across from where we were going to eat so it was the only thing that was close enough to walk to.The outside doesn't look like much, but you walk in and it feels, smells, and looks  like you're somewhere warm, and tropical. The outside looks like a place that would be super small, and crowded place.  But it's actually a pretty good sized place. We all sat down at the bar, with the tropical music playing in the background. Two of us got the everyday $3.00 Coronas, the other two got fruity, tropical drinks, very fitting. The roommates and I talked about coming back to actually eat, and have more of the yummy drinks very, very soon, especially with it getting colder out.
4	Sadly, Jolly Bob's is no more  :(
