4	I visited Pier 54 about 3 weeks ago after a spring training game with some friends. The first thing I liked about this place is that it is an outdoor setting only. The combination of great Arizona weather and the fact it sits waterside makes for a really laid back and comfortable setting. The live music only further enhances one's experience.The wait staff is attentive and quick to serve. Sit back grab a beer and enjoy the view, cause the food takes some time getting to the table, but that is not necessarily a bad thing in my opinion. I had the Southwest Style burger, which was good, but not quite what I expected totally. Though I'm not a big beer drinker and nowhere close to being a connoisseur, this is the place where I was first introduced to Kronenbourg beer. The crab cakes as an appetizer are worth a try.  A great local hangout.
4	The bar is shaped like a "G" and my friends call this place "The G spot." They took me along last night. I loved the outdoor setting overlooking the water. The place was jam packed when we got there, a guy was playing an acoustic guitar and playing songs I like. I liked the selection of beer on tap, the bartender made me a shot with whiskey and pineapple juice. (Sounds kinda gross but it was good.) I didn't eat, but my friends got a smores fondue. Service was great considering how busy they were.I enjoyed the place so much we stayed until closing time.
4	Love finding places to dine in Arizona with my pup. She doesn't get any people food and has not become a begger yet, therefore she's a good dinner companion. Every time I come here there are other pooches and they all sniff each other out, it's great. Any place that allows furry friends on the patio gets my respect. So when I've been working a long day and don't want to leave Clover at home while I chill out, this is where I'll head.The food is not mind blowing but it's good. I've had the salmon salad a few times, it's different and pretty good. In the winter they have a fire going, so it's lovely to sit next to it with a nice view of the water in front. It makes me feel like I'm not in Arizona, eating in a strip mall like is often the case.I hosted a birthday dinner here for a friend and the owner was so great and helpful. She had me send people's food preferences ahead of time and things were ready to rock when we showed up. They had hot chocolate going to warm people up, had to have some baileys in mine, it was a great night. We were served so quickly and they did a great job remembering everyone's orders.Great little hidden gem in Tempe, I want it to stay hidden though!
3	Good neighborhood spot. Very casual and dog friendly. Cocktails are strong, and food is as good as I'd expect in any bar daring enough to have seafood on the menu. It is outdoor seating only - great for cool Zona nights, and the lakeside view is sweet. Lots of free parking is a bonus.I would recommend they have more support staff. The waitress was too busy so the service suffered and she was a wreck.
4	I live in the area and Pier 54 is very popular with the Lakes residents. Nice little place right on the water with typical bar food. Dog and people friendly.
4	A great local date night spot on the water, at the Lakes in Tempe.This bar is mainly patio style, some area's are covered by sails while others are open air.  Great beer on tap including Kronenborg 1664! My second favorite beer! Food is okay, try the pecan and brie quesadilla and the daily soup! Service is normally quite good and they also feature great local musicians on the weekends, like Walt Richardson.  If you live on the lake, you can even dock your boat here! How cool is that?There are new tables right down on the waters edge for that romantic date!Give this place a try, you'll love it!
3	First off, let me start by saying I love the fact that this place is on the lake and that it is dog friendly. That being said, we went here on St. Patrick's day and it was a little busy but not too bad, we got our seats right away and our waiter brought our drinks and menus out promptly. They had cheap drinks (I'm pregnant so I didn't get to enjoy them, but my friends absolutely loved them), and we were really enjoying ourselves. After waiting about 20 minutes, we finally got our order in. The waiter seemed out of it, almost like he had had one too many Irish car bombs himself, because every time I spoke to him it took him way too long to respond. People that came long after we did got their food way before we even got our appetizers. When we got our entrees the burgers tasted charred and disgusting, it was a weird spicy taste that ruined the whole thing. The cheesecake was pretty good for desert and we loved the ambiance, but after the food..I will not go out of my way to go here again.
2	My mom was in town, and wanted to see where a relative got married a few months back, so I showed her The Waterfront. Next door, she noticed a restaurant, Pier 54. She mentioned she'd like to try that out for lunch before she left. So we did.Service: Bad. We arrived around 11:40, 40 minutes after they opened. We walked onto the patio/deck, and didn't see a server at all, so we just sat ourselves. After a good 15 minutes, a waiter walked out and took our drink order. Another 10 minutes, drinks arrived, and we decided to place our order then. We didn't receive our food for another 20 minutes or so. We didn't mind TOO much, since it was a nice day and we had a nice view of the man-made lake.Food: I ordered the Fish & Chips and both were pretty good. Sadly, the fries were probably the best item we tasted. My Fiance had the regular burger & fries, and her burger was over-cooked and very dry and lacked flavor. My fish, was battered to perfection, although, the middle of the fish (most dense area), was cooked, but the consistency was different from the fish on the outer edges. Kinda mushy and not as appetizing. I enjoyed the ends and outer edges of the fillet of fish the most. My mom had the 1/2 sandwich & soup- roast beef panini & clam chowder. I took a bite of the panini, nothing special. Not gross, but not GREAT. its just ok. The clam chowder had a great flavor, but was awfully runny and thin and not as thick as most chowders. There wasn't many items: potatoes, clams, etc in there either. I was mostly a thin chowder broth.In the end, I don't think we'll be back. Great location and nice atmosphere (minus the annoying bird that kept squawking all day long), but it was nice to enjoy the weather, the view and the ducks in the lake). I dont know why the service was soo slow, on a sunday, with only 3-4 tables. (more arrived as we left, but we were still shocked by the slow speed of the waiter). He was friendly, so I give him that, but we were really looking forward to this place, and it let us down quite a bit.If you dont' mind slow service and can use a very laid-back atmosphere, then you'd like it. The food was passable, but nothing to drool over.
4	How the hell did I end up in San Diego?? I was just on the 60!I was so pumped about Pier 54 that I could barely eat, even though the food was pretty darn good.Built along the edge of those zig-zaggy man-made lakes in the middle of Tempe, Pier 54 is tucked away from any traffic noise and the hustle and bustle of sprawling Phoenix life.  It's set up as a bar / restaurant combination, with a bar in the middle and seating all around it.  The bar has a couple of TV's mounted (old school non-flat screens!) so you can catch the Suns or the other teams that let Phoenicians down.The food was good; I wouldn't send an email back home about it but definitely didn't detract from the experience.  I had the Shamu which was a battered cod sandwich.  It was pretty good and although the bun would have left a little to wish for, they toasted it which immediately adds some points - sneaky.  The fries were seasoned and came out hot.Add the fact that even though we showed up five minutes before their last call takes place at 9:30p, the staff was really friendly and helpful.  They only had two beers on tap, but as previously mentioned one was the Kronenbourg 1664 which is one of my new favorites.All in all, two sandwiches and a couple beers set us back about $25 bucks.  Not bad considering the area and view.  I'll definitely be returning for both Happy Hour and dinner in the future.
4	Don't be put off by the looks of this small, outdoor restaurant. The food is excellent! A few tables surround a large open bar, all with a view of the smallish man-made lake that sits inside an upscale housing development. As we ate, we watched a beautiful sunset over the lake, and also saw a few homeowners guide their boats up to the restaurant's small dock. Everything was delicious, from the hot crab and artichoke dip through the entrees to the dessert. I like to try something new, so I ordered salmon tacos with mango salsa and chipotle mayo, My husband is more traditional, so he had the Torpedo -- a man-sized prime rib sandwich with plenty of tender meat. I was tempted by the brie quesdadilla with candied walnuts, and my husband wants to go back for the Southwest pizza. And for dessert? Get this -- they bring a hibachi to your table so that you can roast marshmallows, dip them in a pot of melted chocolate, then roll them in graham cracker crumbs! Unfortunately, we didn't have time for that luxurious experience as we were on our way to an event, so we got the New York cheesecake with berries to go. Around the bar, the crowd was young, with some middle-aged people, and a couple of seniors. But they all were having fun, which made the mood of this small place happy and lively. The place is owned by a husband/wife catering team, so the menu may change with the seasons.
4	I love, love, love this place! It is beautiful- all outdoor seating on a lake in a residential neighborhood. Decent menu and AMAZING nachos- did I mention they have amazing NACHOS?!! Excellent service and friendly people all around. Anyway, if you are in the Tempe area, you must stop by for a cocktail and some grub- on the weekend nights they also have live music- WOOT!
5	This is a great place to be.  We used to live right down the street and came here at night and always had a good time.  Best place to sit and look out at the lake.  The food is pretty decent and great drink prices.  Never had a bad experience.  Get the smore fondue dessert if they have it.
3	Waterfront dining in the East Valley that doesn't cost you an arm and a leg....who would have thought?Now the food is average bar style foods, wings, burgers, popcorn chicken...not fine dining by any means, but plentiful and comforting. They do have some seafood dishes...but after our first experience I tend to avoid the seafood. I had ordered the artichoke & crab dip and salmon salad, which I happily ate, and my husband shared, and we both had significant GI distress that night. However, I think this must be the rare event, and to be fair, we tend to have delicate GI systems. The service tends to be inconsistent, more often slow than not, but always friendly and polite. The bar area seems comfortable and reminds me of Cheers...there are always a few people sitting there enjoying their beers and watching the TVs. I keep expecting to see Norm and Cliff sitting there.But it's all about the view and atmosphere at this place. It's cozy, even though it's outdoors, with a very pretty and relaxing water view as the occasional boat is trolling around, and stylish homes line the shores. Living in the neighborhood makes it very easy to visit this place. I don't think I would ever drive here for the food, but if I were desperately missing a lake or oceanview, this might be a reasonable substitute.Oh yeah, apparently although they used to allow dogs on the patio, they're no longer allowed to. We end up tying our pooch near the door so that she gets to meet and greet people as they walk through.
3	Pier 54 feels like its situtated somewhere in Florida. Great outdoor seating with that nautical feel. Stopped by on a Sunday for breakfast. Word of warning - don't come here if you're in a hurry or hungry. That being said, the servers could not be friendlier. Try the omlette, but the ordering process re: ingredients, is a bit convoluted.
4	the only complaint i have is that they close too early! other than thatt, the food is amazing and the service is great. a warning: be prepared for an amazing but strong drink if you give the bartender free reign:)
2	Beautiful view, terrible food. Go for drinks and avoid the food at all costs. I have eaten here several times and every time it gets worse!  This time, I ordered pizza and I took a bite and it was frozen! If I wanted red barons pizza, I would have stayed home. Asked for pepperonis, charged .50c and there was one pepperoni on it. Waste! These owners and food staff should retire.
5	IMHO, Tempe's best kept secret. I visit Pier 54 as often as I can -- and while the food isn't amazing (it actually used to be MUCH better, with some delish pastas), it's good bar food (great salads)... but let's be real. It's all about the view. Tucked away so no one knows it's there, friendly, relaxed service (and yeah, I mean slow service, but it's part of the charm of it -- come here, hang out, talk, spend time with your loved ones and snack a bit). I love going there and will keep coming back!
4	Whenever I think of a patio I want to be at on a beautiful AZ day, the first place that comes to mind is Pier 54.  If you are looking for a place to take your time, have some drinks, enjoy a 'man made' lake, with a local feel, then this is your place.  As a bonus, their food is really good!  More to choose from than just 'bar food' and everything has a unique twist to it.  I hope to see some local ingredients and all natural/anti-biotic free type proteins in the future.A couple times we received some pretty poor service, which is saying a lot since every time we go there with a 'no rush, take our time' mindset.  But mostly it is just fantastic all around!
5	This place is great! I used to live around the corner and would always crave their strawberry salad and french fries. Another winner for me is the grilled veggie sandwich. I also could never resist bringing friends there to have the s'mores kit. It's pretty nice being near water in Arizona while munching on some gooey marshmallow goodness. I live in San Francisco now and really miss this place. Definitely on my list of places to hit for good food on my next Tempe visit!
3	I met up with a couple of friends here for dinner on a beautiful Saturday evening. The place was pretty poppin' so I was surprised that we were able to get a table near the water. There's a disclaimer on their menu that the service is "very relaxed", but I would say that we were ignored for about 20 minutes before anyone came and gave us the time of day. After that, the service was pretty standard. I ordered the southwestern chicken sandwich with fries and I enjoyed my meal, everyone else seemed pretty "meh" about everything. This would be a great place to enjoy a few drinks and the music and the view, but I probably wouldn't pick it out for dinner again.
4	What a charming little place. It took my honey and I back to our beach trips and how much fun chowing down next to water is! We started with some brews and the crab artichoke dip. Beer is always good, and they have a decent selection - they need more local stuff though. The dip was solid, as were the chips and other dipping bits. For dinner I had the bowtie pasta - needed a little bit more salt, but otherwise it was delicious!  I didn't get the bread that I was supposed to though :( My honey had a burger, and said that it was pretty good. Overall, it's a lovely place with solid food. The view and atmosphere is casual and lovely, and the service was friendly. We'll definitely be going back!
3	If you're looking for casual drinks on the patio, this is the right spot.  Great view of the water, which is really unique in the valley.  The bartenders were very friendly, but as the menu states pretty clearly, don't expect fast service.  There were two bartenders servicing the entire place so it seems like they plan on being understaffed.The menu is pretty big, and they've given many of their dishes fun "nautical" names.  However, it's pretty standard fare, so don't expect anything very unique from your food.  I will definately be returning for drinks after I've eaten.
5	Beat kept secret of Tempe!!
2	We bought some out of town relatives here to do something different. While the  view of the lake are great, we felt the service, atmosphere and food needed some improvement. The chairs were breaking, our server wasn't very attentive (drinks were never refilled) and the food was just OK. The fries were over seasoned and the chicken was dry, but the fish in the fish and chips was good. This place seems like a better place to go for a drink on a nice evening opposed to a meal.
1	Would be a great hang out if 1) it weren't mid-summer since all seating is outdoors and 2) if they cleaned up around their patio.  My garage is less messy.  Had the fish and it was undercooked....  Beware.
4	Location is great!  The food could be better though.
2	This place could be a really great neighborhood spot.  It has great potential but the food misses the mark completely.  They serve the stuff that is left over in your pantry/fridge but don't want to make so you decide to go out instead.  For example they use canned salmon on top of their "salmon salad".  I mean how hard is grilling a piece of frozen salmon?  Their "salmon tacos" are the same thing.Their menu is all over the map and needs to be cut down by 50%.  Its just a bunch of random bar food.  They should choose just a few things and do them well.  Not 40 things microwaved poorly.Don't even get me started on their ice.  It makes their drinks disgusting.  I'm almost positive it is lake water.Our server was nice but a complete clusterfuk.  It took 15 minutes to get dressing for a salad.  Not more dressing, just dressing period because they just forgot to put it on.I will eat and drink almost anything anywhere but I have to draw the line somewhere.
4	Peer Off The Pier My DearBy The RueSatruday night stopped at Pier Fifty Four, This is a place I'd never been before, The second I pulled up I knew I had scored,Live acoustic music didn't bore,I'm going to come by here a lot more,Really was hoping to check out some slores,I guess this night it just wasn't in store,I wonder if it's because I'm poor,My friends wife calls me a male whore,Even though all the stories are just folk lore,After hiking Usery Mountain my legs were sore,This place sits on the lake shore,I like to mine for gold not ore,I cut some serious rug on the dance floor,Not as good looking as the God Thor,My kiss will rock you to your core,I'll steal your underwear from your drawer,After the 3rd orgasm you'll yell "FORE"!Back Door!!
4	This is my favorite place to take out of town guests...and dates!! I have literally brougt so MANY different people here. It's all outside, atop a lake, hidden in a little quaint neighborhood. I call Pier 54 my "Hidden Treasure." The white lights they put on aty night....awesome. The musicians they have on the weekends....phenomenal. :) LOVE! Also dogs are welcome!
5	Take your date.  Take your mom.  Take your out of town guests when it's snowing and sleeting from back where they came from so they can be jealous of your wonderful life in sunny Arizona.  This is a great place that most people don't know about.  You go through The Lakes in Tempe (it's a little fancy suburb).  The restaurant is right by the lake.  You feel like you are somewhere tropical!  The menu is nice and simple, but there isn't a bad thing on it!  The beer selection is great and the mixed drinks can't be beat!  My boyfriend and I go here all the time and take all of our Chicago family and friends when they come to visit.  This is the perfect little spot :-)
4	Sweet location on a small lake in a nice subdivision. Cool atmosphere and the food is good and reasonably priced. Good date spot.
4	i had no idea this place existed! cute little place on a great patio over looking a lake. you feel like you've left AZ. their food is mediocre and it's nothing fancy. literally, their calamari is basically just fish sticks if that gives you any idea. we ordered chips and queso (decent), chicken strips w fries (delicious), quesadilla (good) and few other items. But the casual setting with the great view makes it a super nice spot to come for lunch and hang out for a bit. they also had a great bar area so even if you don't want to eat, this is a great drinking spoti would totally go back!
3	Cute little place along the lakes. Drinks are expensive and the food is small portions with even bigger price.
3	Pier 54 was a cool spot. Food was very good (I got the Garden burger & side salad).Service was pretty weak though. And one star off for the lack of TV accessible seating, and because half of the customers were chain smoking cigarettes.
4	LOVE this place! It's a cute, quaint little place on the lake in Tempe. There food is great and service is laid back and polite. I love having cocktails here while listening to the music performers and looking at the beautiful sunsets on the lake!
4	This place is really cool--kind of gives the "dinner on the dock" feel of SF, but it's inexpensive and casual. There is no indoor seating, so mind the weather before you head out there. It's kind of hidden so make sure you read the directions on where to go!Service is comparable to any other bar/sports bar kind of joint, and the laid back atmosphere is part of that.
4	We love the atmosphere of PIer 54. The pizza and quesadillas are pretty good. You are really going there for the atmosphere and a drink.Heads up DOG OWNERS: Recently they are NOT dog friendly any more. The pup's have to stay on the outside of the fence. But the waitresses are always so nice and bring a bowl of water for the dog. So still bring them, just know there not allowed on patio any longer.
2	Go here only for the "ambiance" of being on a muddy lake.  The food was overpriced for the shack of a place it is and was not too good - we had fish tacos and fish and chips.  My warning should have been 0 customers on Sunday at noon.The kids menu is very limited with 4 items.If you go, bring a jacket and have drinks and greasy, but good, onion rings..
4	Nice little bar on the lake in "The Lakes" subdivision. The night we went they had live entertainment (2 acoustic guitar players/singers). It kind of gives you the feeling of being somewhere else - not in the middle of the desert. The drinks were good. The food was good but, in my opinion, a little over priced. My wife had the Mahi Mahi  ceasar salad and I had the Mahi Mahi tacos with onion rings. I happen to like spicy foods so the tacos were good - However, If you do not like spicy hot, do not order these. The onion rings were good - they were fresh made and the breading was unique.All in all, a nice evening - good food (although a little over priced), good drinks, top notch entertainment, and great ambience!
5	I've been a loyal patron for years and there is a reason why: this place rocks.  What a great escape and awesome outdoor bar.  Friday and Saturday nights are always a blast with live music.  Very chill vibe and the friendliest staff in town.  My only complaint is the eyesore restaurant across the way.
4	Went to night had the spinach dip it was good but not really any spinach more like cheese dip. Also had the fish po' boy, good not great. Drinks were good. It's dog friendly which is always nice. Great ambiance. Nice for spring happy hour
3	We found this and thought this would be cool to have dinner by a lake.  It had great reviews. This is definitely not a place for kids.  If you are looking for a place to take a 1st date this is place the prices are decent and a great view. It is a bar atmosphere. The food is okay. Service again okay.  I gave 3 stars based on view.
3	Very casual bar. Food isn't bad and the drinks come quickly. I used to live in the neighborhood,  and although it was usually a crowd that consisted of regulars, everyone has always been really friendly there. Lots of parking, and because it is a bar inside a neighborhood it is quiet and relaxing. The main reason to go to the bar is for a view at sunset. The bar overlooks a neighborhood lake, and people can actually travel by boat to the bar and dock right there. Calm, peaceful and friendly. They usually have someone playing live music on weekend nights and that can get pretty loud, so if you are looking for quiet on a weekend look elsewhere.
4	They changed up the menu and gave the patio a facelift! I got the Cobb salad with salmon instead of chicken. Was a huge portion and very fresh.For dessert they have some s'more puffs that are my new addiction.The view is great and there's always a fun crowd.
5	What a wonderful hidden gem! we went for lunch...i ended up not eating and enjoying a few drinks in this amazing arizona weather! Our waitress Kit was outstanding and so much fun! My guy did eat and loved it! I am looking forward to visiting this place more often and spending some daytime here! It was crazy windy, Kit gave me a hair tie..and my guy a blanket...what?? love it.
4	Great little gem in the middle of Tempe. Makes you feel like you are at your favorite beach dive, if only for a moment. There is a new lake side restaurant next door as well, allowing you to beach (lake) bar hop to one more spot. The summers, I'm sure are brutal, but when it's acceptable to be outside, it's worth wasting away a few hours, dreaming about cheeseburgers in paradise.
5	Love the new menu! With all the new options I have a hard time deciding what to order. Everything I have tried has exceeded my expectations! Will definitely be going back.
5	This place has such a nice spot! The view of the lake and the atmosphere takes you away and makes you feel like you're in San Diego! I loved the salsa which is fresh and full of flavor and has a bit of a kick! I was pleasantly surprised to see the crab cakes looked and tasted made in house.  .. mmm! The crab cakes were very good quality full of crab without the fillers and perfectly crispy on both sides. I also had a Tuna salad and was pleased as it was delicious and satisfying! It's an amazing casual bar environment to watch the sunset!
1	Awful. Walk in confused. We seat ourselves. Sit awkwardly. Wait twenty minutes. Get up. Get the waitress to take our drink order. Wait. The owner asked if we needed anything and we said we need someone to take our order and she said she doesn't handle money and allowed us to wait. Then we complained and she lied and said she came over multiple times. Couldn't get out soon enough.
1	There is only outdoor seating.We had a party of 12 and they were NOT prepared at all. They knew we were coming. Our service was horrible very slow and the sever was never around. The food came out cold and not all at once. I was done eating before the hostess got her order.A couple people in our group had eaten here before and they said the food was bad then but they were giving it a second chance and yet again the food was another big disappointment.They had big cooling fans blowing on our table and when the band played the section we were sitting lost power so we had to finish in the dark and sweating our asses off cuz the blowers went out. If its winter & you want to have a drink by the "lake" then yeah I'd suggest this place, but don't waste your money if you want food.
2	Attempted yesterday evening. . This is a smokers paradise.  There is no way for a non smoker to escape. . This appeared to be an all outdoor patio experience.  The bar is the centerpiece with tables in the surrounding perimeter.  Most people at the bar were smoking and one table. Called my friends that were on the way and changed plans. .
5	Food is phenomenal, wait staff is professional, personable and effective. Plus the view! Love love love this place!
2	Cool marina style bar, however the food is seriously lacking.  Can't stress this enough, a $10 burger should be something special. Go for a HH drink and grab In-N-Out on the way home.
5	The good at Pier 54 has improved so much in the last 6 months!  Their menu is full of interesting things, and it is all well prepared using great ingredients.  In years past, we would come for the view & ambiance (lakeside!), and suffer through the food.  But now the food is wonderful!  And the tradition of great 1- & 2-man live entertainment lives on - great fun!We had a happy hour with 25-30 people in the 'downstairs' area by the dock.  Despite the large group, the staff kept all of us happy with drinks & food.
5	We took our 4 children for Sunday brunch ages 12, 10, 5 and 6. 6 people ate till everyone was full for under $45. We sat by the water. The kids loved watching the boats and ducks. Kids menu is an awesome value, with breakfast almost as big as an adult portion. Service was very good, and everyone was very friendly. The hashbrowns are THE BEST I have had at a resturaunt. The potatoes are thin and very well seasoned. The kids loved the pancakes with a scoop of icecream!! I loved the the veggies used were not canned or frozen in the omlets. The children left saying..,, " We should come here for breakfast everyday!!"  A great family friendly place for breakfast!! Thanks to the staff working, we will be back soon.
5	I'm in love with this place. Excellent food and great service. Plus the atmosphere is unique and and the view is beautiful.
1	The spot is really cool looking, a bar nestled up against the lake tucked into a corner of a larger building. I stopped by with a couple friends to have a quick drink. After quite a bit of a struggle to get someone to take our order and get some drinks, we enjoyed the time on the patio and the seats were a little old but still comfortable. Once we got our drinks, we never saw our server again. Once we finished our drinks and were ready to leave, I wandered around trying to find someone to pay our tab with for nearly 10 minutes before abandoning hope, guessing the total of our order, leaving $20 on the table and walking out.I couldn't believe it. I read some other reviews now for this place, and it seems like this is pretty commonplace type service here.
5	This past weekend we had a birthday dinner for my daughter here and everything was awesome. We made a reservation for about 20 people and they were ready for us. The food was awesome it tasted great. Small restaurant and it was a bit chilly outside but what can you expect in December we were ready and dressed to be outside so it wasn't that bad. From reviews read it sounded like service is not very good here but our server was awesome and attentive, I think his name was Mike?? It was something like that it started with an M I remember that much. Overall good food, our service was good and view isn't bad to look at either.
