2	Table 274 is a new restaurant in the Cotswold area. The decor is interesting, it looks like they may be planning some chef/customer interactive experiences, as I observed bar stools near the kitchen area. We had: The mushroom confit. It was tasty, but I just don't understand why it is called "confit"...a mushroom has no fat in which to cook...the waiter said it was simmered in olive oil...it was an interesting taste and texture, but I still did not understand the description. I was soon to discover that the waiter had no idea what he was talking about when we ordered the cheese plate. He described a cheese from the Appalachian Mountains as a strong, stinky cheese. We ordered that, the brie and the blue. The Appalacian was basically brie! Also, on the cheese tray, there was a disproportionate amount of blue cheese, a huge chunk compared to the 3 slices each of brie and Appalacian. My recommendation: Ask some questions before ordering.The pork belly was delicious, smooth, fatty and yummy. I don't understand what "pork jam" is, but would probably rather not ask. The menu says it comes with a yukon crisp, but what we got was burned and oily.Beef Short Rib and Sweet Potato Gnocchi. By the time it got to the table, I had forgotten that short ribs were part of the dish, which is a good thing, as there were none on the dish! The gnocchi, however, were light, fluffy and very tasty. Honestly it was one of the highlights, and I did not even remember the short rib part until I sat down to write this review! (it was 3 stars before I realized this oversight)We had avocado mousse for dessert, the mousse itself was delicious, but was served in a kind of coconut, waffle cone type bowl that was stale and gummy. The waiter commented that they get the bowl from a nearby bakery, and some days it is very crispy and some times it is gummy. I would have rather skipped the stale waffle bowl altogether.There are a few reasons for the low review, and I hope the restaurant gets better in time. We got rolls, they were stale and cold, and really not good tasting.Water. We ordered pelligrino, and waited forever for it. I think the waiter forgot, and I finally asked someone else if they could check on it, it was only then it was brought. I really wanted to like this restaurant, and will check on the reviews...if it gets better, in time, we may give it another chance.
5	Being local Cotswold residents and fans of Harvest Moon Grill downtown, my family and I were very happy to hear about Table 274. We were not disappointed!A very friendly atmosphere, everyone was helpful. The pork belly and short rib gnocchi were especially tasty. Definitely get the cheese dish while dining here, it was an excellent way to start the meal.I must cut this review short - I'm now eating the peanut butter and banana sandwich desert and am going to die of deliciousness.
4	Good stuff coming out of this restaurant that is the love child of GM Cameron Crummet, Executive Chef Patrick Best, and Proprieter Eugene Fritsler.The food, which is to say in one word, is solid. We dined opening night and out choices ranged from meh to AWE-some. We started with a wedge salad which was nice, you can't really mess up a salad too bad, and they didn't. The butter letuce was fresh and it was lightly dressed with a blue cheese and buttermilk dressing. The dressing was homemade which is always a plus.After the salad we settled for pork belly over a corn salad. This was the only  "meh" thing for us. We (my fiance and I) take our fat seriously. To us, pork belly should be so tender that it parts and falls apart before a fork even touches it. Although flavorful our belly could have been more tender. The corn salad made me confused, corn not being in season, was wet and not flavorful. Our finale was the seared scallops. OH MY GOSH!!! the sear  on these were spot on. So fresh, so sweet, and so buttery. Just beautiful in every way. It was served with a fava bean salad that was a nice compliment. Plus the favas were local. The location is nice with ample parking. Cotswald needed a nice eatery, and this is it. The decore is very artistic. We love the paintings and the color schemes are soothing. Also take note of the herbs from tega hills that proudly stand growing atop the booth dividers. THis is a restaurant with great potential! Please Support Table 274!
4	Oh Table 274 - I'm so happy you're in Cotswold! With a focus on hard work, locally sourced ingredients, supporting local farmers and frankly, making really really delicious food, Table 274 is well on their way. The restaurant is nestled in the back of Cotswold shopping center (behind the toy store) and boasts an expansive space with plenty of tables and large bar area. I've also seen the bar menu - it looks pretty delicious.On to the food...I've been here twice now and here's what I've enjoyed....Italian sausage & sweet potato gnocchi (lunch item): 4.5/5: A really generous portion of practically perfect gnocchi. They make their gnocchi daily (no small feat) and this dish highlights them beautifully. It very sausage-y, so for those who dig a myriad of meat with delicious pasta, get this - you won't be disappointed. Strawberry shortcake: 5/5: Light, fresh and damn delicious. They have a fab pastry chef on board and it showwwwws! I shared the dessert with a friend but I could have easily taken it down myself. Fresh made rolls & honey butter: 4/5: I know it seems odd to comment directly on the bread but it was pretty great. Who doesn't love a fresh baked roll and honey butter? No one? That's right. Fig Prosciutto Flatbread: 3/5: Pretty much the only item I didn't love here. While the portion was generous, this flatbread lacked both prosciutto and cheese. It was super figgy and I was looking for more of the ying and yang w/the meat and cheese added to it. However, the peppery arugula on top was a lovely addition. Toasted gnocchi (appetizer): 5/5: Nabbed this dish before dinner and, again, the gnocchi was wonderful. My Italian grandma would love it. This dish features warm prosciutto, spring pea & carrot - even the veggies were nicely cooked, leaving a bit of a crunch. I would happily order this for a light dinner. I have no doubt that if Table 274 continues on their merry way that they'll earn a 5th star in no time. It's a great addition to Cotswold...get your nom on!
4	This place is pretty darn delicious.  I have to be honest, the ambiance is not a plus.  It seemed like a chain restaurant trying to be posh.  Just didn't work for me...plus, not a big fan of restaurant booths.  However, the food is lovely.  Toasted Gnocchi with carrot and spring pea(4/5), a tad bit rubbery but I like my gnocchi a little stiffer...great fresh flavors that compiment each other nicely; Beet Pasta Ravioli (5/5)...yes please!  Beautiful and delcious; Rosemary Pappardelle (4/5), again, beautifully paired flavors...left my tummy feeling spoiled. Our server was friendly and gave us some great recommendations.While not the most romantic atmosphere, this is a place to get some great food.
4	The food was very good! I ordered the sourdough BLT and my husband had the beet ravioli. The little slices of cheese sprinkled throughout my fries was a delicious touch! Yummy! I love the supporting of local farm to table mission that Table 274 strives for (extra star for this alone); however, they should probably make that more pronounced on their menus (I only know from their website).The location is tucked away behind Salsaritas and Blu Basil where Charley's used to be. They have two patio sections out front, which is nice. The one main distraction was the mall music. It's a separate system from theirs and you can tell. We jammed out to 50s tunes and it made it feel more like a retirement area. Maybe they can ask for it to be turned off because it made the rest of the experience feel a tad disconnected.The service was very good as well. Hopefully they stay busy since it's a large building and not too many people were there for lunch. Go. Support local. Enjoy.
4	We hit up the bar area of Table 274 for a CMYE tonight, and I have to say that I came away impressed.  I cannot tell you the last time that someone in a restaurant shook my hand as I entered.  It may not have happened at all before tonight.The food was served up on plate after plate (after plate).  The only downside here is that those small plates to eat the appetizers suddenly went missing, but you can scarcely fault Table 274 - there was just too much demand. And there was little slowing down this crowd: The kabob sticks worked well in a pinch.Mmm... The cheese and sausage plate, the pork belly wrapped in bacon, the short rib and sweet potato gnocchi, the shrimp cakes and yes, the chocolate pana cotta.What?  You missed the panna cotta?  That was mostly thanks to Jimmy D.  I think he had four of the six they brought out.  Our intrepid leader, Nicole W., may have had the rest.  You may cut her some slack since it is almost her birthday.  As to Jimmy?  Just look at the guy.  He needs to gain some weight.Twelve words can best sum up our event: I ate here and I didn't die, but this place is awesome!
4	Well who knew there was such a gem of a place like table 274 tucked away in a shopping center so close to me?! They are so friendly here as well! Walking in they opened the door for me and later in the meal they even gave me a few free shots. When someone offers me free shots they've made a new friend! Plenty of parking, and the restaurant has a nice open feeling to it.The food was oh so delicious, and described very nicely by Chad E. The portions were small but they brought out tons of them and there ended up being way more than enough for everyone! The cheese plate had a nice variety of interesting cheeses, my favorite being the mild and super fresh tasting Brie. I was a fan of the pork on pork, but then again anything wrapped in bacon is pretty tasty to me. Not so much a fan of the sweet potato gnocchi because the texture was a bit off putting to me and reminded me of a boiled plantain. The chocolate panna cotta? Contrary to popular belief I only had 2! Those things are so delicious though I could probably have just eaten those the whole time.The drink specials were really popular and tasty. I got to try out every single cocktail at the CMYE and there wasn't one I didn't like. The basil infused tomato martini was savory and earthy, while the cucumber lemon martini was bright and refreshing. The others were supremely fruity and perfect for a hot day. My favorite was the strawberry mojito that Faith recommended. It's like a strawberry starburst for adults! And they even make some of the drinks in shot form as I found out later when I got offered some free shots from the nice people working there!This is a fabulous place that I'm going to have to try out again soon. Also I need more chocolate panna cotta.
3	Food was good. Mussels appetizer was plentiful and delicious. Scallops dish was also very good. It was strange, though, that all my scallops sat atop a fried green tomato except for one (as if the chef had forgotten that one last scallop!).The cocktails were equally good. The Clearly Tomato martini was interesting, though half-way through it became hard to drink when the oil became overbearing. The cucumber martini was nice and refreshing. The cocktail list is $5 on Saturday, which is nice. The ambiance was bizarre. The place was enormous, with room for at least 100 people. Yet the restaurant only had about 10-15 people in it! It was a bit awkward and killed the mood. Not sure why the place is so big. So, food and drinks are good. But, I'm not dying to go back because of the overall experience.
4	Good portion size and very reasonable  prices. Had the roast beef sandwich which was good and wife had the papperadelle with mushrooms and bacon. Menu has a very nice variety as well.
4	I dig this place. I went for lunch the other day and was a bit surprised to see it empty around lunch time. I've heard alot of talk about this place so I guess I was expecting it to be busier but maybe we caught them on an off day? Maybe because the restaurant is huge so it looked like no one was in there. I wasn't expecting it to be that big complete with lines of booths, tables and high ceilings--in Cotswold--go figure! Server was on point with everything whether it came to recommending items or filling our water-thanks Kyle!I ordered the Roasted Vegetable Wrap with sweet potato chips. The wrap was tasty as is anything with goat cheese. But I was expecting it to be...... hmmmm....not soggy. The inside was good but a tortilla was definitely not the ideal way to hold it together. It would have been better on a pita or focaccia, something to hold it together more because it started falling apart after awhile. The sweet potato chips were a bit of a disappointment, most of them were limp and soggy. But then when sifting through them, I would find a good, fresh one in the mix. With all the sandwiches you get a side so a wrap and a side for $7 wasn't a bad deal at all and ultimately, everything tasted great.My only beef with this place is that I won't remember the name of it. For some reason I kept calling it Table 227 before I went and kept singing the theme song to 227.
4	Decided to use my groupon for a pre Father's Day dinner and I must say that this place has very good food. The shrimp cakes, mac n cheese, pork chops, and trout were all very tasty and well prepared. The service started out great but went downhill as the night went on. The server seem to have disappeared for an extended period of time so it took forever to get the check, then another extended period when they took the coupon, and another because the charges were wrong, etc.......well, you get the idea.....
2	I've heard excellent things about this place and overall enjoyed the yelp event here but my personal experience just didn't live up too much.I ordered the Spicy Seafood Fettucine. I asked whether they made their pasta in-house and was told the only one they do not make is the fettucine so I asked if I could get Papperadelle instead- and was told that wouldn't be a problem.My dish came out very luke warm. The homemade pasta was a bit too thick and starchy (papp. should be wide but not necessarily thick). The sauce had no spiciness whatsoever and the sausage was more like 4-5 sausage crumbles (come on your pasta dish is $19). The shrimp were way over cooked and the mussels were  lackluster. The one highlight of the dish was the one sea scallop which was perfectly seared and flavorful....it was big but since there was only one scallop it wasn't enough to save the dish. The scallop was hot so I am assuming my pasta sat around until that was ready hence the reason for the very low temp.I attempted to order a side Caesar with this but the server was extremely hesitant to recommend it so I opted out. One of my friends had the small plate (butter poached scallop) and that was delicious. Another had the Du jour vegetarian plate which was a smoked grits with veggies- and I wasn't overly impressed. We also tried the beet ravioli which my friend raved about last time but this time she said it was different- and honestly it was downright gross, had that have been my meal it would have been returned. The ravioli had been cooked to a mush -completely unappetizing. The absolute only reason I would return is our server. He was beyond friendly- and helpful. I do doubt however, it will be anytime soon.
4	Not bad - far better than Charlie's was.Pros: Staff are very, very attentive and helpful, great customer service.Cons: Glitchy in the kitchen.We had 4 meals, and I tried some of all of them.  My wife had the Filet over Rissotto, and both were excellent, however her steak was cold.  The waiter snatched it up, reheated it, brought it back and said if it wasn't great he'd get her a new one.  It was great, no replacement needed.  Rissotto was perfect, too.My daughter had mac&cheese.  It was actually quite good, creamy with firm ziti pasta.  My son has a special diet, and we asked for specifics: shrimp, grilled with no spices other than salt and pepper, and carrots, steamed until very soft.  They made it just like that, it was exactly what we asked for, and he loved it.I had the soup of the day - mushroom bisque - and almost fell out of my chair.  It was salty, but I like it that way: it was utterly delicious.  I had the pasta carbonara as well, and found it quite good, creamy, nicely spiced, and properly cooked, but the shrimp were both stacked along the edge of the plate and (surprise!) scattered about in the pasta in big, uneven chunks.We also had some vanilla bean ice cream (very good) and a strawberry shortcake (Just OK).Prices were pretty good: the filet was $23, which seems acceptable for the quality and size of the dish.In the end, I think these guys need to get better workflow in the kitchen, keep the exceptional service attitude, and they'll get another star.  I will certainly try them again.UPDATE: - Been back twice.  Both times I was again pleased with the service, newly pleased with the variations in the menu (I like a menu that can't sit still), and utterly devastated by how good the pork belly intro was.  Overall I am very happy to have them here so close to my home.  Prices seem to have crept up a bit, but service remains quite good and the kitchen has gotten their stuff together.  4 stars from me.
3	Good food. I had the pork belly. Cheeseburger & gnocchi was ok. Their strawberry shortcake was not great. If you live in the area its a great place to eat. I would not make the drive again.
5	I rated it 5 to put up with the undeserved 3 and lower.This is a chef driven restaurant with exceptional food.Decor is blah.  The food is great.  Service is okay and improving.  The food is great.This is seriously one of those places that deserves the support because of the talent.  The food... really... is great.Highly recommend the cheese plates and seafood (cooked perfect... not over seasoned and killer fish.  Had a Wreck fish that was unbelievable)
5	The Man and I dined here for our 1 year anniversary on July 10 and (late review! oopsi) had the most perfect night ever. We loved the transition into the new summer menu, and since we haven't been here since opening night we noticed a plethora of improvements. Great Job!What made this night special, besides the food (we'll get there), was the service. Anthony was our server and fyi he is the greatest. He was lively and attentive without hovering. The GM was also spectacular. Since we called ahead with the nature of our visit they were able to treat us to a spectacular evening. We were in a perfect little nook as well so we had some privacy.So many times when choosing a restaurant for a fine dining experience we will check menus before visiting. On this night everything in Charlotte seemed to be over done. We wanted a fresh take on food that is sourced locally and done with creative flair. I had a Pork Chop from a local farm that had a Gouda crust on a bed of collards. Maybe this was simple but it was perfectly cooked. The collards are the best I have ever had (that I haven't cooked personally) and I still dream of the tender- bacon-ey goodness. The Man had scallops and once again seared to perfection. The scallops were on a bed of tomatoes and bread a la panzenella. Being the disgusting couple we are, we shared everything in Bliss. Thank you guys for a beautiful night.
2	We visited for brunch today with friends. Our food was okay, the bloody's were meh and the waiter seemed completely annoyed throughout our meal. He never offered us any coffee or dessert and didn't seem to like when we asked for two checks (4 people). Since this is a fairly new place, I found it curiousl that nobody ever asked us how our meal was, there didn't seem to be any management present. The huevos rancheros and potato skillet tasted fine but the portions were small. The other couple had shrimp & grits and the pancake of the day, both were satisfied with theirs.We will probably not return.
4	Table 274 is a hidden gem in Cotswold. I say hidden because it can be hard to find if you've never been to the shopping center it's in. Fortunately, it's worth the search! We were greeted by a host opening the door and then again by the hostess and again by the manager, who also helped seat us. Great first impression.The ambiance is great; candles, fancy lighting, smells delish! Our server was excellent as well. She went out of her way to make sure we always had everything we needed and had great recommendations. She also went out of her way to comp a couple drinks when our food took almost an hour to come out... Which is the only reason I can't give Table 274 a 5 star rating.We both started with Caesar salads that were amazing. Usually a Caesar salad is a Caesar salad, but this thing was awesome. Freshly made crunchy, garlicky croutons and very fresh, green romaine. The rolls were notable good as well, hot and crispy! We had a pretty random dinner, pesto sirloin, ricotta gnocchi and mac and cheese! They were all great. The steak was a little under at first, but they got it right after throwing it back on the fire for a few minutes. I should also point out that, as every great restaurant should, they totally redid the sides and garnish as well when they fired the steak again, so everything was hot and fresh when it came back. Like I mentioned before, it did take quite a while for our food to come out, but our excellent server (I think it was Shelley) kept us at bay by checking in often and making sure our drinks were full and offering more rolls. It really was worth the wait though. The gnocchi was pillowy and delicious and came in a delightful, summery ratatouille. In addition to fantastic food, the drinks were fantastic. Freshly made and tasted like heaven. I highly recommend the mi corazon that has fresh passion fruit (papaya? can't remember...) and blood orange. It was killer.Overall, Table 274 was great. Service was fantastic and the food was outstanding. It wasn't terribly crowded, either, so I hope it sticks around for a second visit! Definitely make a reservation so you get a good table, but on a Saturday at 7pm, there were open tables in case you feel like just popping in unannounced.
4	Excellent food and service!!  However---Decor does not match the menu.   booths, high ceilings, felt like a family pizza place. There are burgers on the menu for dinner...now that would go with the decor. I say warm up the dinning room, stick with finer items on the dinner menu and would be 5 star.
5	After getting a literal and figurative taste of Table 274 at the Yelp event I decided to give it a try for my birthday dinner with the parents. I have to say it was one of the best meals I have had in Charlotte.From the time the warm rolls with herb butter hit our bread plates to the last bite of chocolate mousse cake I don't think there was a five minute stretch when someone didn't exclaim how good something was. I went with the pesto grilled sirloin with mushroom jus, grilled asparagus and fingerling potatoes. I don't usually even like steak but it was phenomenal. Both my parents (Steakhouse Pork Chop w/ Grilled Peaches & Spicy Seafood Fettucini) and the boyfriend (Prime Rib Special) were equally awed. We split the peach cobbler and aforementioned chocolate mousse cake for dessert and while I would have liked a bit higher fruit to crust ratio on the cobbler, both were delicious.Add on top of fantastic food, a good drink list ( the tomato martini caused my mom to reverse her stance on the stupidity of tomato water), cool atmosphere and attentive staff and you have a homerun. I'm excited to venture back for lunch and give some of their small plates a try.
4	I've been to Table 274 several times and have yet to be disappointed with the food and variety of menu offerings. A seasonal menu and attentive staff make this restaurant a keeper in my book. Live music is played outside on the patio a few nights/week too! The pork chap and chicken entrees are awesome, and I especially like the turkey burger & gnocchi (when it's available). A great addition to the Cotswold area. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
3	*Disclaimer- I have only been here once and it was for brunch.We decided to check out a new brunch location. The rave reviews of Table 274 convinced us to go.I want to give 5 stars. I really do. I want to love this place. I just have to be honest though.The ambiance is dreadful. The inside feels like a mix of a Panera bread and a corporate restaurant. No worries- I can work with that. I am in a strip mall. The restaurant feels too large. I think that is common in Charlotte. The food. They came by with a nice starter of banana bread, sweet potato doughnut (I think) and some pecan treat. It was a nice touch. The Frittata was incredible. Really tasty.The eggs benedict...was horrible. The eggs were not runny. Not even close to being running. The whole meal was overcooked. It was sad.We sat at our table wondering what to do. We really hate being high maintance. The restaurant was practically empty (not a good sign during peak brunch time)The waiter asked us about our meal. We showed him the eggs. To our surprise- the manager came by and acknowledged that our meal was very disappointing (he even said that he would not eat that). They came back with another plate and took the benedict off of our bill. (side note- this surprised us because I have witnessed many waiters and managers try to defend crappy food- I was impressed by how quickly they responded and how fair they were about it)The kicker? There were shells in this benedict. Seriously. Eggshells. The service was incredible. I can see this place being delicious. We will probably go back in the future for dinner or lunch (especially if there is a groupon) and give it another chance (and hopefully move the star rating)Like I said- I really do want to like it. It is near my home.
3	David and I stopped in at the bar for beverages before going to a dinner event else-where.  When we walked in, we were greeted  by a friendly  hostess.  The bar staff were friendly and attentive.  The beer/wine menu was not spectacular, but it was fine.  We're definitely ready to go back and try them out for lunch or dinner.
4	Last Night I stopped in to get some Dessert and see what this place is all about!  The Decor is modern and I like the lighting and Art choices!  Where Charley's Restaurant used to be, in the back of Cotswold Shopping Center (between Binders Art Supply and Salsaritas) is where you'll find Table 274.First, the service was Outstanding!  The manager told me about the Desserts and one of them sounded very good.  My Waiter, Lewis did an Excellent job and I would recommend him and ask for him if I return.  The Soup of the Day was Lobster and Crab Bisque and it was better than just good (4.2 yelp stars) the Fried Green Tomatoes were good though too greasy for me.  The batter was just the way I like it (thin and not much if any cornmeal).  Good Flavor just too Greasy.  Now for the Dessert:  Chocolate Chiffon Cake!  This was a tasty Dessert, not fantastic and not one that I would get again only because it was not rich enough!  If all Desserts were as rich as I would like I would probably not be able to write reviews because I would not be able to reach the keyboard... Most people will probably like this Dessert and will think it is plenty rich - I'm Rating it 3.94 yelp stars.
3	I want to love Table 274.  It's really nice to have a restaurant of its kind, with locally-sourced, farm-to-table fare, in the Cotswold area.  This makes it a convenient, easy choice, whereas a foray to the Harvest Moon Grille or Halycon requires a trip uptown.  Visiting uptown isn't a bad thing, of course, but it's a little inconvenient to drive into the city when you have plans elsewhere later in the evening.When you walk into Table 274 (on a weeknight, at least), it's going to feel slow and cold.  This might put you off, until you realize that they have a HUGE space.  Even with quite a few people seated in the dining room, it's kind of cavernous.  I understand that is just the layout of the space, but a few splashes of color or some drapery could really improve the sterile ambiance.  However, the host and wait staff are warm and friendly, and that does help warm things up.The primary reason that I must withhold 274's fourth star, as much as it pains me to do so, is that the food can be somewhat inconsistent.  This last time, my date had homemade pasta, and it was delicious.  However, my pan roasted chicken breast was kind of flavorless.  The crispy edges were quite good, but the middle was just bland.  It was a very thick piece, and I really think it would have been better off butterflied or pounded out... as it was, the center of the breast was just a mountain of very-high-quality but not very seasoned white meat.So, as mentioned above, I want to love Table 274, but for now I merely like them.  I fully intend to return, so who knows? Perhaps romance will blossom next time.PS: As other reviewers have noted, 274 also has a very creative martini selection.  Make sure you try one of the seasonal selections.
5	Table, table, table........ What is there not to love about this place?Their food is extraordinary.  We have been more times than I can count and they never let us down.  Prices are very reasonable for local/farm to plate food.  Coffee, drinks, food, dessert -- they have it all!The wait staff is fabulous and often remembers us when we come in to dine.  You can tell that they care about your dining experience.Do yourself a favor - GO HERE.  I recommend the sausage plate, scallop entree, any/every dessert, and trying some of their homemade flavored vodkas (my favorite is strawberry).*Plus, Table often has Living Social deals.  Keep and eye out!  :)
3	I've been to Table 274 2x. The first experience wasn't great, so I figured I would give it another try. Time #1: We were a group of 5 so we made a reservation. When we got there, there was live music outside so we asked to be seated outside. The hostess told us it would take some time to get that set up and asked us to wait. There were 10-12 open tables outside, so I didn't really understand what was taking so long, but we waited and waited and waited. I'm pretty patient, but it really bugged me that we had to wait for 15 minutes to be seated when there were plenty of open tables outside AND we had a reservation. We ordered some specialty martinis off the menu...they were awesome. I had the sweet tea martini and I would definitely recommend it. For dinner I had the seafood fettuccine dish. It was OK. Everyone ordered different things - some small plates (pork belly = awesome), flat breads, trout (eh), a burger and some other stuff. The burger is pretty good. We all got salads, they were decent. Overall, it was an OK experience.Time #2: Came back with a Groupon. Server was super friendly and knowledgeable. Service is a bit slow, but it's fine because it allows you to have a relaxed dinner. Live music again so we sat outside. I think the guitarist/singers name is Andrew...he's awesome! We split a Caesar b/c they're huge (pretty good), I had a burger (also good/fries were eh), and my boyfriend had the pork with the collard greens and gratin. He really didn't enjoy his. I also tried it and didn't think it was great.I wish I liked this place more, maybe it still has some kinks it needs to work out. The menu sounds delicious, but I don't think the food is anything special. I won't be back here for a while.
4	The atmoshere is a bit barn or whse like, but the furnishings r tasteful & quite nice.Service was outstanding w/ excellent advice on choices and attentiveness.I ordered two small plates: the suggested beet ravioli which were out of this world!!I also ordered the smoked tomato risotto which did not meet my taste expectations. Far too an intense wood smoke flavor which was quite overpowering.Our server (Christy) noticed & offered to exchange it for another choice.I declined & despite my protestations as I had ordered the risotto it was taken off the bill.We topped off the meal with the peach cobbler which was also fabulous.Put this stop on your list - not fancy but simply excellent fresh & tasty food.
4	Any place that can make something vegan on the fly is totally awesome in my book.The atmosphere is cozy with lots of booths, dim lighting and many nights a quiet, live acoustic act outside or near the bar.Smokey shitake mushroom tortelloni on top of roasted spinach and tomatoes. AND paired with roasted fall vegetables? So awesome.My first visit here, I had some fantastic ratatouille and a vegan Boston lettuce salad. Quite beautiful, and incredibly tasty.I think the price for what you get here is just a *pinch* pricier than what it should be, but it isn't going to stop me from coming back.
4	After our Elite event at Table 274, we decided to head to the bar for a couple of bevvies while catching up with a friend we haven't seen in a while.David was still hungry after the event (since he is not a huge fan of turkey, mashed potatoes, or gravy he didn't eat much).  So, he ordered a bacon cheeseburger, minus the bacon and minus the cheese.  He said the burger was nice & juicy and the bun was toasted nicely.  He ordered fruit instead of fries to go with with the burger and was very happy with his plate altogether. I wasn't really hungry, but when I saw the warmed oysters small plate, I just had to give it a try since I love me some oysters!  They placed ginormous oysters in a bed of creamed spinach and topped them with diced tomatoes.   It was perfectly seasoned and a nice light bite if you are not very hungry.  I would definitley order this again!
4	A little late on the review, (visited 10/14/11) but wanted to compliment the restaurant for helping to make our anniversary evening quite memorable.  We used to regularly visit here when it was Charley's, and I've been reading good things on Yelp about the new restaurant, found a great deal on a coupon, and off we went.  The service was attentive, with our waiter offering both beer and wine selections, as well as the specialties of the day.  The Shrimp Chowder was amazing!  We were happy with all of our food and I ended up buying another discount coupon to return, possibly next time for their brunch.  The slight downsides were the size and brightness of the room, the sparse decor and lack of intimacy for an anniversary dinner.  I'm sure with time this will all be worked out as it's still a fairly new establishment.
4	What a nice hidden gem. Table 274 in Cotswold hidden behind the toy store, the large space is quite inviting with dim lighting and calming earth toned colors. The food was all very fresh and the restaurant strives to use locally grown food. The staff seem to take great pride in their food and service. My waiter was wonderful!
5	I don't want people to think I just give out 5 star reviews for nothing but this place is definitely a 4.5 star restaurant  rounded up.To start, our waiter was prompt, knowledgeable, attentive, yet  not overbearing. We put in our drink orders then moved on to figuring out the menu. With such an array of small plates, salads, appear, sides, and large plates the decision is very difficult. We ultimately decided on the pear and bleu cheese salad, beet duo, duck confit, fried green tomatoes, and a cheese plate to start. The salad was delicious. Lightly dressed in a white balsamic dressing with candied pecans throughout, each bite was perfect. The poached pear was tasty too. My date especially loved the cheese plate with the local honey. The duck confit was the standout with perfectly cooked duck next to a scrumptious salad with walnuts, cranberries, goat cheese. I didn't love half of the beet duo but the ravioli was surprisingly good. For dessert we got the pear bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. It was a knockout. I consider myself a very good.baker and can appreciate desserts well done and this one did not let us down. The cylindrical portion of the bread was neither too dry or wet with plenty of fruit throughout. It had a sweet crunch top, a sort of pear reduction surrounding it, and a creamy smooth scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. I will definitely try the chocolate cake next time though, as the description sounded heavenly. To sum it up, this place is well worth it. I only hope more people discover it so that it might have a chance at long term survival.
5	This place is so delicious.  We've been 3 times... every time the food is so good, and the wait staff is super knowledgeable and courteous.  We've tried almost all of the small plates and salads in addition to a few of the entrees.  While I love that I can be seated right away, I agree with Will D that more folks need to find this hidden gem and give it their business.  So, calling all Yelpers to go have a great meal at Table 274!!
5	I decided to make New Year's Eve reservations here based on the reviews I'd read on Yelp and my girlfriend and I both walked away impressed.  We were a little late for our reservations, but still had no problem being seated immediately as the restaurant was only about half full.  We were promptly greeted by our server Christy who was very attentive throughout the evening and was also helpful in drink selections for my girlfriend.After ordering our drinks, we started with the cheese plate appetizer with 3 cheeses - a brie, a cheddar and a third called Red Dragon (which I really enjoyed). In addition to the cheese and bread, the plate also came with candied pecans and a honey "jelly" that really worked well with the cheeses.  The cheese plate was a nice starter as it wasn't overly filling, but there was plenty for two people.For our mains, my girlfriend ordered the apple and brie salad with grilled chicken and I ordered the sea scallops large plate.  Both dishes were excellent - her chicken and my scallops were both cooked perfectly.  The sweet potato hash and celery slaw that came with my scallops was also delicious.  We both left feeling fulfilled, but not stuffed which was nice. The experience at Table 274 was a great start to our night and we'll definitely be returning soon.  Great job Table 274!
2	I had dinner here on 12/29.  One word describes my experience:  overpriced.This place has potential:  the decor is nice, the wine selection is good, too.  The food was definitely good.  However, the amount they charge for cuisine that is rather typical is ridiculous.I had the seared scallops and a bibb salad.  Both were quite good, but the food alone was $30.  Way too much for what I would pay $15 - $20 at any other restaurant.  The scallops were served on a bed of diced yams which were undercooked.  I would even overlook their high prices, if it weren't for one thing:  the service SUCKED.We saw our server three times the entire night.  I called the manager over once, and someone else brought our food.  It took forever for someone to take our drink order when we got there, and the wait between my salad and dinner was extremely long.The place wasn't even half-full, either.  I have a feeling it may not last. If you're thinking about going here, I recommend 131 Main instead.  You'll get much more for the same amount of money.
4	I've been to Table 274 twice now, and I've had a similar experience both times.  The restaurant is huge, with lots of available tables (reservations?  Don't seem to be a problem here).  Service has been acceptable and available, but not overbearing.  The menu is interesting and the variety plentiful.  I've had the Pear and Blue Cheese Salad, the mussels appetizer, the Smokey Turkey Burger, and the Cheddar Macaroni side - all delicious, very filling, and satisfying.  This past experience, my date and I got out of there for $26, including tax, which I think is extremely reasonable for the quality experience.  The location is a bit random, as it's tucked away in the corner of the Cotswold Shopping Center (behind Salsaritas and the toy store), but that provides ample parking, which is always nice.  On the whole, two thumbs up!
2	It's been a while since I penned a review (yall can blame my new job... I officially have no life nor access to goof off on yelp during work hours).  So you know it's going to take alot to get my butt away my jail cell (hmm... desk) to the "goof off" computer during my precious lunch hour in order to author this review.Sadly it's not good news.  I went to Table 274 since my LivingSocial coupon was about to expire.  I heard great things about this place.  The menu looked good.  So I was happy and looking forward to my 1st real weekday dinner in a long time.One word sums up the entire evening: BLAND.  Everything was just blah.  I ordered the Squash & Shrimp Bisque.  It's basically squash bisque.  Overly sweet, definitely missing the savor part.  And where was the shrimp!?  The saffron basil mussels were fresh.  But then again, there's no taste to the sauce/juice.  For the most part the mussels were cooked well, some were a little tiny (aka overcooked) but I know it's tricky.My dinner-mate ordered the sweet potato gnocchi.  It's a big portion for a small plate item.  But you know what, I much rather have yummy than a big plate.  Gnocchi were ok... again, bland, and sweet.  The sweet potato are inherently sweet, then they put red peppers which also are a little sweet.  The pulled pork were flavorless at this point.  Very colorful plate that just didn't deliver.I last minute ordered the pork belly & mushroom tortelloni just because I was just waiting for a miracle to happen.  Pork belly and mushroom seem to be magical enough of a combo to pull off a last ditch hail mary attempt to be impressed.  Wrong!  For $10 there were 3 large tortelloni, which were stuffed mostly by cheese and pork... except it looked and tasted awfully like the pulled pork from the gnocchi.  Pork belly should be fatty, tasty, and marble-like... did I say fatty and tasty?!  I never expected this dish to be as plain as it was.  I ended up enjoying the sprouts and goat cheese more than the tortelloni.At the end I can only wonder... did I miss something?!  Was I at the same place where everyone has raved about the food?!  And should I have ordered the crispy oysters instead?!  Life is just full of questions isn't it.
4	I go to Table 274 regularly and am surprised at some of the reviews.  The food is very good.  I generally eat seafood. Its always fresh and well prepared.  Frequently I will just drop in for a quick bite and sit at the bar.  They have a nice wine selection and the small plates are very good especially the fried oysters.  The service is always friendly and prompt. I have never had a bad experience there.  I would give it 4 stars but I am not overly fond of the decor.
3	We are walking through the toy store in Cotswold about to head to the car when blammo, drenching rain, hail (seriously!  like golf balls!), gale force winds... Basically Armageddon stood between us and our car - so we decided to take the short route to Table 274.It's gotten decent write ups on yelp, and I can see why.  The atmosphere is nice.  They have (what appears to be) original artwork on the walls, actually some nice stuff.  The bar area is quarantined off enough from the dining area that you don't mind the sports on TV.  Beer list is good, wine list is meh.  Our server wasn't confident recommending a "fat tire" like draught beer, but overall service was very good.The food was good, but it wasn't fantastic.  The set up is sort of strange as well.  You can order small or large plates, and the small plates are meant to be like tapas that you share with the table.  That's okay, but for some reason I struggle with the idea of tapas in an American style restaurant which is what this place is.We had the mushroom risotto, which was the best of the dishes, despite being slightly undercooked and a little over-cheesy for my taste.  The crab cakes were okay, but would have really benefited from more crab meat.  The chopped salad was fine and dandy, but MAN that balsamic dressing is over powering!Overall it was a nice surprise, and certainly a step above the old place that used to occupy the space, Charley's.
4	Loved the ambiance, it's upscale without being snotty. The server was very nice and knowledgeable. The food was amazing and the prices were very reasonable. I just with the dessert menu had more options. I'm planning on coming back very soon.
1	From the time we got there to the time we left horrible service! Our server took 10 mins to get to us my drink was empty till the food came out which took 20 mins! From the time he dropped off our drinks to the time the food came out we didn't even see him he was very lazy and unprofessional! Said they didn't have flavored teas bc he didn't want to make it and I aske do u have favors in the bar he said yes! Do u have tea he said yes ...... No joke I thought he's work ethic was like he came in high I asked for guac and I'm a server I offer that to anyone who has a quesadilla it's Extra and that means bigger tip the higher the bill he replies to me well I mean if we have it they will have to make it w a tone like I was asking for something that in convenced the restaurant ?? It was my bf bday his beer was almost done and the server didn't even ask him if he needed another one? We had to find him to get another one the quesadilla wasn't good but my bf food was great! I sent my food back just got 2 desserts instead which where amazing peacan pie was the best had to fight my bf off of it so then we went to the bar to watch the game have a beer or two and it took 10 mins to get a beer there was only two other ppl at the whole bar????? This place needs work !
1	We came here for the Yelpy Thanksgiving & loved the food so we decided to come back & give it try with the normal menu.  I wanted something simple so I got a Caesar salad, bacon cheeseburger & fries.  Hard to mess up, right?  WRONG.First my salad came out with one singular crouton.  Just one. weird, right?  The woman at the table next to me also ordered a Caesar salad & hers had about 20 croutons on top...same size salad...my boyfriend joked that maybe all my croutons jumped onto her salad.  I was a bit sad, because I love croutons.  But the salad was decent so I got over it.  Next came the fried green tomatoes which were decent but needed more aoili.  Then our dinners came out.  My burger, which I ordered Medium, came out burnt.  not well done, not over done, BURNT. similar to a hockey puck.  It had clearly been abandoned under a heat lamp or something because the cheese was so burnt it was brown & the bacon where it wasn't covered by the miniscule burnt cheese was scorched.  It tasted awful.  I noticed that all the tables around us were sending their food back & thought about doing the same, but I was so tired from working in the garden all day & I just wanted to get home & curl up on the couch with the dogs that I didn't bother sending it back, I was already full from the salad, fried green tomatoes & the fries that came with the burger and I didn't have much hope it would be cooked right the second time.   Next time I'm going next door to Blu Basil.
4	I recommend that you try Table but you will have to have some patience.   There is a lot to like about it, and I have my fingers crossed for this restaurant that definately has the right  idea:  local foods and delicious.  I see from other reviews that consistency may be an issue.  I will keep going back to Table because it has so much potential but it isnt yet on my regular haunt list   I hope that changes soon,   You can tell a lot of thought goes into the menu and it seems Chef driven, but sadly service has been mediocre and in my opinion not on par with with the food.    They use local food (yeah!) and I have had some really REALLY excellent food here, hence the four stars.  I have tried many of the appetizers and small plates for lighter dinners and they were terrific.   Also I have had some great salads, and a burger that was absolutely perfect.  A roasted pork chop was as good as it could be, and also loved some gnocchi in browned butter.   Yum.But it always seems to fall just short because it lacks in service and attention.  I havn't had any awful service, but it is definitely way below where it should be for the caliber of food.   Average at best.I hadn't been in a while, and went the other night.  I found the menu had been redone to add a lot more affordable items, and it seems to have picked up business a bit and service also better.   As business gets better hopefully they can attract better servers and stay consistent.   But the food was great.
3	I think they really shine with fall & winter menus and have enjoyed some good meals at the original Table 274. We went to this location a week or two ago and everything we got was only "ok." Glad we had a groupon.
1	We had wanted had to try this place for a while.  Sadly, it was a big disappointment.  We were informed by our server that the small plate menu had been abolished as of this afternoon, so no small plates for us!  We ordered a house salad and the BLT flatbread, both of which were underwhelming.  We moved on to Leroy Fox...life's too short for mediocre food and poor service.
3	We went to Table 274 on a Tuesday night. I was slow and quiet. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. She recommended the margarita.  It was in a tall glass, strong, and a great deal for $3! My companion had the Charlotte Iced Tea. It was in a smaller glass and didn't seem as good a value, however it was tasty. For starters we ordered the honey chipotle wings (10) (The highlight of the entire meal for my friend)  and the blue cheese wedge. The wings were great, as was the wedge. The wedge had toasted seasoned pecans, bacon, grilled red onion, and the buttermilk blue cheese. I was very pleased with it. For our entrees, we ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger, which was voted the  "Best Burger in Charlotte," with fries and the Grilled Pork Chop, with Warm bacon and potato salad, cucumber, pickled onion, tomato salad, molasses and dijon glaze. Our entrees came out just as we started our appetizers! So they took them back and put them under the heat lamps! The glaze was good, but since my pork chop was really dry, I was disappointed! The bacon and potato salad... disappointing! The best part was the picked onion, cucumber and tomato. My companion said that the burger was juicy and good overall. The fries didn't taste good, almost like they were frozen, not fresh. Maybe we would go back for an afternoon margarita and some wings!
2	Let me begin by saying the food is pretty good. Prices are a tad high but acceptable. The problem - the service. The hostess must be a family member - otherwise, why would they have her greeting  people? She did not know anything about the menu and was not friendly. Our server was incredibly slow. How long does it take to bring iced tea? Apparently, about 10 minutes, even for refills....crazy. I was still forgiving and would have made a return visit until the server padded my bill. When I called him on it he half apologized and SURPRISE!!! it took about 10 minutes to receive a corrected bill.I won't be back.
1	Our wait staff forgot our silverware. The bill didn't add up appropriately. The fish entree was very small, and the waiter had no explanation other than "I would have made it bigger, too." When we asked the manager about these things, there was literally nothing said but "ok, thanks."Food was decent if you're ok with service... we weren't. We won't be back.
3	I grew up eating at Charley's which used to used to inhabit the space that is now Table 274.  The quality of food declined over the years, but I have many great memories in that place. I was so excited when Table 274 opened in my stomping grounds (I'd be lying if I told you I had not been lost in the Cotswold Harris Teeter as a child or spent entirely too much time in Bath & Body Works as teen, but plumeria really was a great scent!) Anyways...My experiences here have been inconsistent. The food is awesome at best and confusing at its worst.  As I had recalled the cheese plate was stellar, I ordered it during my last visit. The "Farmstead cheese plate for two" was literally a huge mound of cubed cheese, something like you would see at a business meeting, doused in honey. I have never seen anything like it. It was off-putting to say the least.  However,  the fried oysters with corn and pickled jalapenos was scrumptious.  My entree (a Mahi special) would have been excellent had it not been totally overpowered by ribbons and ribbons of cold zucchini.  I was really distracted trying to eat it. There is a good foundation for excellent cuisine, the execution just really needs some work. The atmosphere reminds me a lot of Charley's.  A little too chain-y on the inside and the top 40 music was playing a notch too loud for my taste.  I'd give it another shot, but I hope they will make some necessary changes.  One thing that Cotswold lacks is a really great place to eat!
1	I noticed the quality fo food going down.  It's one thing to reduce food costs, it's another thing to try to pass something off as something its not.  Canadian bacon is not prosciutto. The prices use to be worth what you got but not any more.
