5	King's Kitchen fills many voids in the Charlotte area. First it's a meat & three, which has been long missing since Gus Sir Beef left Latta Arcade years ago.  Second it's a GOOD, upscale meat & three which is part of the Noble family of restaurants (one that even I will enjoy going to). Third it is the most wonderful concept: it is a nonprofit conceived by all proceeds are leveraged to donate to soup kitchens, and other food charities. Beyond that, they employ the otherwise unemployable (formerly incarcerated, rehabilitated, etc.) and are integrating a 40-week job training program to teach life skills. They also hand out box lunches to homeless. There isn't a place like this anywhere around, so I wanted to support this nonprofit even if the food wasn't good. Maybe their motto should be "Do Good, Eat Well" because lucky for me, it was delicious.They said they have the best pan fried chicken in town, so that's what I tried along with some of the best grits I've had in Charlotte (Anson Mill stoneground grits with some corn kernels), stewed squash and fried green beans. The squash was absolutely delicious, and the beans weren't really what I expected- I thought they might be battered and crispy, but they were possibly stewed and then fried so they were definitely more crispy than stewed, but not crispy crispy. My chicken's breast was very tender inside and I would definitely get that again.  I will refrain from commenting on my husband's pot roast since I never like fatty meat. He said it was tender. He accompanied the roast with mac 'n cheese (good but not plentiful enough), collard greens which were tasty and not too vinegary, and creamed corn which weren't too creamy. He was very pleased as well.  Other meats included fried flounder, grilled chicken breasts and Eegads! chicken livers!! We are in the South, Jules, get over it.  There were several other things to choose from as well as some sandwiches.  Desserts included a banana pudding with a torched meringue top from the pastry chef from Johnson & Wales, a brown sugar pound cake, chocolate pie, coconut chess pie and others.  Service was very friendly, but we got the sense some of the staff was underemployable. Since they've been open only a few days they're still in training mode, but was very encouraged about the friendliness.Right now they are only open for lunch M-F, but they hope to open for breakfast and eventually dinner as well and are going to play with opening for breakfast/lunch on weekends.  Their spot on Church & Trade has a great spot for outdoor seating but I would understand why they would opt to have it be weekdays only.  My office is right next door, so I will definitely be going again. Probably not every week because I would need to change my nickname to Fat Jules, but definitely every other week, perhaps only with a veggie plate!
5	Love this place. Good cause, good prices, generous portions.
3	I was excited about this place because it supports such a good cause. Unfortunately, I'm not Southern enough to enjoy meat + 2. I got the quarter chicken, mac&cheese and beans. It was ok according to me. I may not come back but sure... I recommend it you're a meat + 3 kinda peeps. It's a for a great cause!
4	I really enjoyed this place.  I did not have high expectations, but the food is quite good.  I am a fan of the meat and three menu, and the portions are good.  The sandwiches, however, are huge.  The service is also quite good, and our server remembered me from over a week ago when I returned a second time.  I am also a fan of the fact the restaurant supports philanthropic efforts.  Would definitely recommend.
4	I've been on the fence about trying this place since they opened and finally decided to give them a try. I've heard mixed reviews about the seasoning of the meats to the veggies being eh, so here is what I think. I love that they're profits go to feeding the homeless.....major kudos for that concept! At the recommendation of my waiter, I had flounder, mac n cheese, corn, and greens........not bad, not bad at all. They also serve cornbread while you wait, but be warned if you're used to your cornbread being sweet, you may want to pass but it wasn't that bad. The flounder was very crisp and light served with some of the best tarter I think I've ever had. The corn was absolutely delish.....I mean my meal could have been a plate of corn and I would have been just fine! I'm not sure why they call it creamed corn, because what I had was definitely fried corn where I'm from. The collards were very tender, but had vinegar in the mix, which I am not a fan so I'll leave it at that. I wasn't expecting the mac n cheese to pass my taste test but to my surprise it was a winner. Very good meal overall......4 stars.
5	The King's Kitchen moto speaks volumes....  "Where you FEAST TO FEED SOMEBODY.  We're a not for profit restaurant serving up southern cuisine made with fresh, local ingredients from right here in our community. And the proceeds go back to the community, helping to feed those in need. So, come on in. Because when you dine, the whole community thrives." This is what we had on our first visit....Pimiento Cheese with House Crackers, Deviled Eggs, Grandma Bennon's Pot Roast (falling off the bone good!), Mac & Cheese, Butter Beans, & Coconut Chess Pie!  YES, I LOVE TO EAT!!!  :)NEED I SAY MORE???  Go support this great restaurant!  Chef Jim Noble (Noble's and Rooster's) is the mastermind behind it!
5	What everyone else said and then some! Given the mission statement of this restaurant and being a sucker for comfort food, I've been wanting to check out this place since I read about it in the Charlotte Observer. I went for lunch yesterday-at 11:40A when we got there, there were maybe 3 tables occupied-when we left at 12:20P, the place was packed with a waiting list. This is in Charlotte-on a work weekday-what??! I love it and happy this place is here and thriving. There has been some turnover in this location since I've lived in Charlotte and it looks like this one will stay around for awhile.I've heard fabulous things about all of the food---especially the chicken and flounder. You can choose a meat and choose three sides to go with it -most for under $10 which is a fantastic deal given the amount of food you could get. Our server was sweet, talkative and full of suggestions. She told us the meatloaf sold out each day so if we wanted to order it make sure we get there early. The special yesterday was Chicken Fried Chicken, which the other seven people in my group ordered. I was going to go with that but remembered reading Demetria M's review of the flounder. I decided to be a loner and order that along with collards, slaw and mac n cheese. If I'm eating comfort food, I'm going all out. Noshed on some biscuits before our meal came out (which seemed like it took 5 mins) and I am not a huge cornbread person but the others in my group said it was out of this world. The flounder was light, buttery and flaky and the tartar sauce was phenomenal!!! I think it was the best I've ever had and reminded me of a chunky aioli sauce rather than a traditional tartar. The mac n cheese, slaw and collards? Gone within five minutes. Everyone in my group received a membership to the clean plate club yesterday and I left without feeling the need to put on my fat pants. I cannot wait to visit again and will be saving room for their desserts--they all sound delicious.
4	The food was just plain good. The serious standouts of the meal were the fried zucchini (batter was reminiscent of a tempura), the not sweet but so buttery and good cornbread, and the comparable biscuits. My pan fried chicken was quite tasty, although I personally prefer my fried chicken deep fried. My friend raved about the tender goodness of his oxtail.We all did go for meat+3 BUT I noted that they also offer "big plates", I suppose to appease those people who look down on meat + 3 out of principle. They read more like entrees so I suppose thats what they are.Anyway.  Even though the place is basically a charity, it ain't charitable to eat here.  It's well-deserved.  Darn good cookin'.
5	Mmmm... Southern comfort food served up under the watchful eye of restauranteur Jim Noble and located right in the heart of uptown.  Additionally, the restaurant is a non-profit where 100% of profits goes to feed the local needy and servers are folks identified by other ministries as looking for a new beginning.  What's not to love here?  Jim Noble has labeled his cuisine "new local Southern"  and it shows here, where the menu revolves around a selection of the classic "meat and three," though you can also have a sandwich or salad as well.  Chicken, both friend and barbecued, is featured prominently along with staples like meatloaf and friend flounder.  The real gems here are the selection of vegetables available to you- I am particularly found of the smashed sweet potatoes, wilted spinach, and red sea island peas.  And you know they have pepper vinegar or texas pete to throw some heat on these!  Vegetarians rejoice- you can have a veggie plate of 4 selections for $10 (my usual go-to).  The tomato soup is pretty darn good here too.And don't miss the biscuits here folks- I've had my share of dry, large biscuits, but these are almost creamy in the middle- like soft pillows just waiting to be ripped apart.  Holy goodness!  They make a cake-like cornbread too, but it's a red-headed step child to the biscuits.Servers are dressed in jeans and white dress shirts.  All I have encountered have been nothing but professional and accommodating.  They all have their favorites on the menu too- if you can't decide just ask.  The dining room is a comfortable mix of tables and some booth seating.  The colors are warm and neutral- furthering the "Southern comfort" ambiance.Large plasma TVs on the wall generally play sports on mute, nice for those at the bar seats, but a little disjointed for the main dining room.If you do venture here for lunch, note that things are usually fine before noon and after about 1 PM.  The noon hour is a zoo with a line usually out the door.  The hostess will get to you in order, but the wait can be a little unpredictable.  This is just proof others think what we've been writing here, King's Kitchen is good food for a good cause.  A rare win-win for all involved.  Bravo!
3	This restaurant offers something I dont think I have ever come across (take note Los Angeles) but its a non profit restaurant offering many soulful dishes and in very warming, yet upscale setting and the cornbread is delicious. I had the chicken breast plate. the breast was small proportion BUT delicious and very satisfying. I was too hungry anyways so it worked well The mac n cheese has a nice spice to it as well. Go here and don't die!!
5	This place was awesome!! the food was delicious, the ambience was nice and the service was great, all with reasonably priced food. I went very recently with a group of 6 friends, and they accommodated nicely. The restaurant is a non-profit in which 100% of the profits goes to help the local needy and those making a trasition in their lives. Check them out and I'm sure you will love as my friends and I
4	I thought this location might be cursed, with the quick demise of its previous inhabitants, a tapas bar and then a Harper's.  So, I'm very happy to see that the King's Kitchen has been going strong for over a year.The food and service here are very good. I typically opt for the veggie plate (delicious mac and cheese and greens), but I'm also a fan of the white-meat fried chicken, and I have a friend who swears by the pot roast. The deserts are definitely a weak spot--the banana pudding tastes instant and the chess pie wasn't very good either.  But you go here for the entrees, not the deserts, so that's forgivable.As many have noted, the restaurant has a positive social message, which makes it easier to tolerate the high prices for what is, in essence, extremely cheap Southern soul food (I grew up on these delicious artery-clogging recipes, so I feel that I can say this with some authority).  This type of food is neither difficult nor expensive to make. But, since I'm not making it at home and this place does a good job of it, I'll have to put myself down as a fan.  I would recommend going here for lunch rather than dinner because the lunch prices are cheaper and the portion-sizes for both meals seem to be about the same.
5	King's Kitchen has restored a little of my faith in humanity. If there were more places like King's Kitchen, the world would be a better place! You've heard the rumors, and they're all true. The King's Kitchen is a non-profit restaurant that has good food, good business model, and it benefits the local community. Job training program combines with feeding the hungy. Excellent customer service, and well executed food don't hurt either. All for a reasonable price. And the ambiance is clean and casually upscale. Jeans would fit in and so would suits. Plasma TVs on mute keep is a little casual, as do the servers in jeans. First, our waiter (who had a very unique name that is escaping me but he was awesome) was informative, friendly, and funny. He explained the mission of the restaurant and made some recommendations that were all excellent.  APPSDeviled eggs were pretty standard but an excellent way to start the meal. Cornbread was phenomenal! I hauled this cornbread back to Washington DC to eat it, it was that good. The biscuits are also stellar, but I'm a cornbread girl. MAIN COURSEPan fried chicken. Although I do like the crispiness of deep fried chicken, this pan fried one was well seasoned, moist and tasty. Mac n cheese was a little too creamy, but was devoured before anything else on the plate. Greens were good. My companions heartily enjoyed their oxtail and potroast.Beer and wine selection was excellent (I got a pint of Fat Tire, and there were some tempting wines on the list too)DESSERTI don't really like bananas. And I don't really like pudding. But their banana pudding was pretty tasty!Overall, I had good food and a wonderful time at King's Kitchen without breaking the bank. Now just open a branch in DC!
5	The King's Kitchen is now one of my favorite Charlotte restaurants.  First, you have to acknowledge they do amazing things, being a non-profit that feeds the hungry.  That alone is remarkable.  I didn't know really what to expect and was blown away.  It has beautiful decor, fantastic food and our server was one of the best we've ever had.  He was attentive and represented the restaurant wonderfully.  We were there to celebrate my mother-in-law's birthday and we were not disappointed.I was especially looking forward to the veggies.  The collard greens were fantastic!  The white meat fried chicken was tasty and moist and the wings were spice and yummy!  Can't wait to go back!
5	I'm just adding my positives to all the others - this place was great! We got there right at 7 on a Saturday, and within minutes it was packed. Still the service was good and fast. The waitstaff are friendly and knowledgeable and the food was excellent. I had the fried flounder with mac n' cheese, collard greens, and butter beans. Each item was tasty - just how you would want it to be, seasoned like it should be. These are some well-known, established type foods, and you have expect it to taste a certain way. And it does, so I was satisfied and happy. Only downside for me was that it is loud when its full of people, being all glass and chrome, it makes for some noise.
4	Great food, fantastic service! I was not surprised considering the founder and his history in Charlotte. The fried chicken was amazing. The only reason I didn't go with five stars was because the veggies were a little too salty for my taste.
4	I finally had the pleasure of eating here for the first time last week....was blown away. The people are friendly, the food is excellent and what better than being a non-profit organization! Will become a regular of The King's Kitchen.
4	Pork Chops, Mac 'n Cheese and Cornbread. The End.......Okay just kiddin'. Fab place with quality homestyle cookin'. Cornbread is made with real corn, staff is incredibly nice and the food isn't too darn shabby either. To go orders are neatly packed with each item in it's own container. Surprisingly, the food really feels light and won't leave you in a gluttonous stooper. A can't miss and a must show off to out of towners.
5	Wow I adore this place!  Here for dinner last night with a friend - haha only on a rainy day in Charlotte were we able to get seated here easily with no reservations.  Everyone is super nice and helpful, you can tell the staff really like their jobs and want people to feel at home.  The decor is perfection for me, really chic bar and white linen table cloths.  I cant wait for summer to eat on the pretty corner patio!Obviously the restaurant is for a good cause so it is catty to say something may be overpriced on the menu....but it was.  The $13 cheese plate came with tiny tiny bits of six different kinds of cheeses (that were ok) and a few crackers and two tiny globs of honey.  This should have been about $6 bucks....that really is the only critisism I have of this place.  I got the Meat and Three (butter beans, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese.  Yes the mac and cheese at Macs is better but it was just fine here.  The chicken was the 'Meat'  and it was perfectly done fried chicken (yes better than Prices!)  Everything else was fantastic!!!  My friend got the Meat and Three also (fried flounder, collards, cabbage and green beans).  His green beans you thought may be boring??? OH NO!!!  They were spicy and delish - maybe a white pepper on these or something?  I couldnt place it...but all awesome and worth every penny.  Great wine list and very attentive service.  With wine and the app and the meals and to-die-for Pound Cake for dessert we were out of there for $80.  Cant wait to come back!!!  :-D
4	This place was excellent!!!  Super cute, modern ambience.  We went on a Friday night and a jazz band played some nice music.  The music was not overwhelming either.  You can easily hear everyone talk.There were 9 of us and we got a nice table in the side room which gave us our own space.  I'd have to say that my only compliment was the size of my meal.  I got the salmon with pea risotto.  The portion was very small.  But, boy, did it taste fantastic.  I don't even like peas and I loved the risotto.  I noticed the steak meals were well-sized portions.  I had a salad with dressing that was homemade.  Absolutely delicious.  And then I split the brownie dessert with someone.  They add ice cream to it, which is a nice touch.  And, last by not least, I am a sucker for giving back to causes.  I love the concept of this place.  I would definitely go back again!
4	I'm the special events coordinator for a group that was recently in Charlotte for a conference.  We meet every year in a different American city, and part of my job is to organize a dinner with for the group.  This year, I brought everyone (about 30 people) out to King's Kitchen, and we had a terrific meal.The food was great, the wine was great, and the service was great.  Our food came out together (a tough feat when plating 30 meal), and everything was really tasty.  So tasty, in fact, that some of our diners were upset when the restaurant ran out of pecan pie (I had some - it was delicious!).Thanks, King's Kitchen, for a great meal!
4	I can't add much to the other reviews.  The food is great, I like the atmosphere a lot; perfect for business or pleasure. The service was good and the business model is inspiring.
4	What I ate:Cornbread, Biscuits, Fried Chicken, Mac & Cheese, Green Beans & Roasted Carrots, Local Dark BeerThe food was very good, not the best I've had here, but very good.  The fact that this place is non-profit and donates proceeds to the hungry makes it a worthwhile experience.  The servers were very attentive and friendly.  If you're in Charlotte and want a nice ambiance with good American food, go here.
4	Dined here for lunch with a group of coworkers. There were 10 of us and when we called about an hour ahead as we usually do in these situations, we were told they didn't have room for a party our size as they already had reservations for several parties. The lunch was for a coworker's birthday and she wanted to go anyway, so we did and ended up all having to sit at the bar, which was fine. I'm glad we stuck it out! The decor is modern and a little funky but very nice and classy. The staff we encountered were all friendly, helpful and quick and the food was really good! I think everyone in our group enjoyed what they got. And the lunch prices were really very reasonable... the only thing we were a bit put off by was the high price of the desserts (all $6 each - the meals themselves were $7-10 for the most part so it seemed odd to pay almost that much for a average size slice of cake/pie) but a few of us indulged anyway and everything was delicious. I personally don't eat out uptown often at all but if I'm ever presented with the opportunity to eat there again, I definitely will and I recommend it to anyone who wants to check it out. Oh... and all of this is on top of the fact that they some (or all?) of their profit goes to help the homeless in our community.
4	Funny experience here.  My friends claimed that I took them to a "white guys soul food place".  Hey!  Aparrently, "real" soul food, according to my friends, is spicier.  I thought the food was great.  Interesting business model.  Check it out.
4	Deviled eggs, braised pork belly, skillet fried chicken, mac & cheese, coconut pie... have I died and gone to heaven?!?  I got a LivingSocial coupon the other day, and I think this is the fastest I have ever used my coupon.  I have been wanting to try this place, and there's no better way than to drag my girl friend with me on a random Tuesday night armed with an empty stomach and gift certificate!The interior hasn't changed much since it was ARPA (and on that note, I miss ARPA and their sangria by the pitcher).  We got a table quickly.  Our server greeted us and informed me (since I'm the newbie) that this is a non-profit establishment.  I think it's a very great concept and admirable thing to do (bravo to Chef Noble).  We decided to split our "loots" since it was getting late and she wasn't too hungry.  Somehow we still managed to polish 2 appetizers, 1 meat and three and a dessert (as you can guess, it was mostly my doing... taking a bow here).  Deviled eggs was tasty, the filling was a little more liquid than I am used to, but it was still good.  Braised pork belly was fabulous; perfect balance of fat and meat... I think it was served on a bed of sauerkraut, which was a bit too salty.  Skillet fried chicken was crispy.  The breading didn't take away from the meat.  The 3 sides we picked were mac & cheese (fabulous, moist, just enough cheese sauce), pan seared cabbage (looked undercooked but wasn't, it was amazingly flavorful), and butter beans (another good one, I'm sure there's bacon in it, just have to!)We closed out the night with a slice of Coconut Chess Pie, which was topped with a fluffy (big) dash of whipped cream.  The pie was a little hard (both the crust and the filling) but I love coconut, and it tasted good... not too sweet.  I think the most disappointing part of the meal was the butter that was brought out with the cornbread... it was bland... but I am picky about my butter.  It was a great night of good food and good cause.  I will definitely be back, I have my eyes on the Polenta Bites and Fried Pork Chop :)
5	Good as it gets!!! Southern cooking and southern charm at its best. Fried chicken melts in your mouth; cornbread delicious; pot roast yummy; 3 sides included; banana pudding WTC (worth the calories!). )Everybody  is professional and super-friendly. Service is terrific. Reasonable prices too. Best meal we've had in Charlotte and we've been to Mimosa Grill and Luce. Paid more than double what King's Kitchen costs too. The icing on the pecan pie....humanity benefits from this not-for-profit restaurant also!!
4	Nice! I LOVE Southern food and I super love good service. We came in for dinner on a Monday night and it was just busy enough to not feel weird about eating in an empty restaurant. The outdoor seating looks great, maybe I'll get to try it next time. The decor was lovely, and reminded me of my great grandmother's summer room. The only issue I had environment-wise was that there were TVs; it seems like too classy a place to have those.  Our server was really friendly and helpful, service was great. The food was great! The server started us out with a biscuit and piece of cornbread each. The biscuits tasted gorgeous. They were JUST a tad drier than I like though. The cornbread was super moist but was not sweet (yes I want cake at dinner). We both got "meat and 3". I got fried chicken, mac & cheese, creamed corn, and mashed potatoes with gravy. Mom got pot roast, mac & cheese, potato salad, and green beans. My chicken was lovely, well cooked and not too dry. I would have liked a little bit of heat (a bit more pepper) before calling it perfect. The mac & cheese was good, it was baked and not the saucy kind (but not the good custard-like stuff you can cut into squares). It was very nice, if a bit oily/greasy. The creamed corn was wonderful. It tasted like it had been on a fresh cob about 30 minutes (I'm guessing at how long it takes to cook it to that nice consistency) before I got it. The mashed potatoes were very nice, although I would have preferred a brown gravy to the cream (I actually ordered them for my mom to eat with her pot roast). The green beans are listed as "fried" on the menu, but the server said they're actually stewed (with I think he said bacon, but I'm not sure). The beans needed "stringing" but my mom said they were really good. She loved the potato salad and considered trying to order a pint of it to go. I guess the pot roast was ok, I didn't taste it and she didn't say anything about it either way. It definitely looked good. Sadly we didn't get dessert because we were full. I really want to try some chocolate pie though, yom! They also have a decent-sized wine list. I don't drink though so I really have no idea if it's good or not. If they add spoon bread they will have a regular customer in my mom; she can't find it anywhere and how can you get more Southern than spoon bread? (The souffle kind, if your chef is reading this, KK! Not corn pudding, although that would be good too.)I'm leaving NC to move to TX so I'm glad I got to visit this restaurant before I left. I wish I could come back soon but that'll have to wait another year...
4	Fabulous meal with friends.  Service was friendly, but a little slow with a misstep in bringing the bread.  I had an excellent glass of wine.  OK maybe 2, all for a good cause.  The cheese plate had 6 regional cheese on it.  All but one were pretty bland, so I don't know if I would do that again.  The cornbread was great!  I enjoyed a bite of a good biscuit as well.  I had the skillet fried chicken with mac and cheese, pan-seared cabbage, and creamed corn.  The chicken was fabulous, moist with a delicious crust to it.  The creamed corn was really good.  Fresh corn with just the right hint of seasonings.  Mac and cheese was just like Mom's so it was delish.Husband had the steak special with au gratin potatoes and some wilted spinach.  The steak was on the smaller side but the flavor was terrific.  I really like the potatoes.  They were well cooked.  For dessert, we had the brown sugar pound cake and the bananna pudding.  Both were really great.  Friday nights is live jazz night.  The musicians were great, but it was a bit loud for conversation in the small space.  The saxaphonist came and did a great rendition of Happy Birthday to a nearby table.  Overall the restaurant is warm and welcoming.  The non profit, helping those in need, greatly appealed to all of our group and we will definitely be back to King's Kitchen.
5	Good ole southern cooking done the Noble's way. Too yummy and every meal you eat helps give back to others less fortunate. Pretty tough to beat combo. Fried flounder and pan fried chicken to die for and the sides.  This boy cries when the creamed corn is off the menu but the rest are A+ as well so it's not too terribly awful.
3	Well, I guess that satisfaction is a derivative of expectations versus outcomes and based on the very high reviews of King's Kitchen, my expectations were equally high.  Granted, the concept of this restaurant is wonderful - all profits go to help the homeless population and job sharing programs with the homeless help them establish greater self-confidence and good job skills to help them get back on their feet.  What I wondered, however, was whether the mission swayed the reviews some.  Based on this being a non-profit, I assumed that this would be a hole-in-the wall location with a modest environment.  However, the setting was a little bright and loud.  The first thing I noticed was that my bread plate was dirty, as was the one at the neighboring table where I was borrowing a replacement.  The biscuits they brought for the plates were good and warm, but not the best I have had.  Our server was very friendly and explained the concept and the chariable mission, which was nice background to have.  Unfortunately, that is where the positives ended.  My girlfriend had a stuffed pork loin at the recommendation of the waiter and I had the blackened catfish over cheese grits.  The pork loin was extremely dry and over-cooked and the additional sauce we requested to try to make it more edible didn't help much.  The blackened catfish was decent, but half of it was beyond blackened and I had to cut off a decent chunk of the fish that looked like charcoal.  The grits were good, but its pretty hard to mess those up.I'm disappointed that I didn't like this place better.  I really wanted it to be good and have a new place to which I could return.  Its a great cause, but at the end of the day, the food has to be what brings me back.  I'm glad to see others had better luck than we did.  Perhaps we just ordered the wrong things.  Sounds like the fried chicken is the way to go!
3	Great Mac and Cheese, however, the stewed tomatoes were a little bland and the fried chicken wasn't the best I've ever had.
5	I like everything about The King's Kitchen. The food was great, the service friendly and knowledgeable, the atmosphere inviting and open, and the concept impressive. There were 5 of us for a late dinner and desert, King's Kitchen did not disappoint. We started with the cheese plate and fried oysters. The oysters were perfectly cooked and served with a bacon balsamic dipping sauce. I had the shrimp and grits (with the tomato sauce on the side) and it was wonderful. The shrimp were grilled and perfectly spiced and the grits were possibly the best I've ever had. I stole a bite of my friends flank steak and cornbread panzanella while she wasn't looking and it was just as good. We shared a couple deserts between the 5 of us, we had the pecan pie, coconut chess pie, banana pudding, and the brownie. They were all fantastic. The service was very good. Our server did a good job of keeping our drinks full making sure we didn't need anything while not interrupting our conversations. That's a fine line to walk with 5 women who don't see each other very often. His knowledge of the menu was helpful when ordering, he knew the menu and dishes inside and out. My favorite part of the King's Kitchen is that every penny of their profits are donated to help feeding the poor. As if that's not reason enough to give them your business, they also partner with area outreach programs to provide employment to those in need of a new beginning. Between the delicious food and the knowledge that you're helping those in need, there is no reason to *not* enjoy a meal at The King's Kitchen. Often.
5	Comfort food....If I had a last meal request, rest assured it would be comfort/soul food and it may very well come from King's Kitchen.  I've only dined here three times but each time has been phenomenal.  My favorite...side dish.....is the cornbread.  I hope my mom doesn't read this but it's the best cornbread I've ever tasted!Service is always great and all the proceeds go to a good cause so that warms my heart while the food warms my belly....perfect combo :)Be a king....eat here!
5	I've dined here twice now - once for lunch & again for dinner. Had great food & service both times.The cornbread is a very tasty way to start your meal (no need for extra butter here!). I had grilled chicken + 3 sides for lunch. Reasonable price and reasonable serving size. (I was nervous about that much food for lunch, but it was just right.) The squash side was awesome!For dinner I had a salad with strawberries & grilled chicken, with a side of yummy mac & cheese. (I did wonder if the meat + 3 dinner serving sizes are the same as lunch since many people would probably expect - although not need - a little more.)My fellow diners raved about the meatloaf, fried catfish & grits, and the server (and Twitter!) endorsed skillet chicken.I did discover, much to my dismay, that their menu changes regularly, so I was unable to indulge in the squash side item on my 2nd visit. It's understandable though as they source locally & fresh, so I can't really fault them for that.Their brown sugar pound cake was a fabulous dessert. For $7.50 I can't say I'd get the banana pudding a second time though. So far it's been the only "just OK" thing about my dining experiences here.Servers have been very friendly, helpful with recommendations, and quick on the drink refills. The chef even came to visit our table after my fellow diner raved about his meal. The server brought the chef out to hear our compliments firsthand.And to top if off... this restaurant has a nonprofit focus on the community and giving back! I'm happy to support them & their mission... and enjoy a darn good meal while I'm at it!
4	Great place!  The Cornbread is to die for, chicken was equally delicious.  Food is good but not anything to go out of your way for.  Proceeds go towards the local homeless population and there's some job training aspects.  Very neat idea and cause!Was a bit empty at dinner (like most of downtown Charlotte) but couldn't get a table at lunch the one day I tried.  Leave your expectations at the door and just enjoy a well cooked meal and a well thought out cause & mission.
4	Anyone who says it's tough to screw up fried chicken obviously hasn't made much of it....or eaten any "bad" fried chicken. Thank goodness the fine folks at King's Kitchen have that dish down pat! I have been waiting to head over to this nonprofit phenom for quite some time and finally got a chance to grab some dinner here. I'll put it out there right now - I love the concept of a nonprofit restaurant. I love the idea of feeding those who are without and putting people to work who are in transition. Now that that's clear, let's focus on the food & experience. The restaurant hosts clean lines, bright walls and nice lighting. Hubs and I chose to sit out on the patio and enjoy a late dinner. Our waiter, Stuart, was incredibly friendly and led us through the menu with ease. A few glasses of wine later, we were ready to order. As mentioned, I chose the fried chicken with roasted carrots and mac & cheese. The bird was perfectly crispy and super juicy - honestly, it rivals my grandmother's fried chicken and that's say a whole lot. The carrots had the perfect amount of sweetness and were by no means overcooked. And lastly, the mac and cheese was heart attack worthy and delightful. Price wise, I think $13 was a completely fair (and affordable) price for this plate of food. The portions aren't gargantuan, but they are plenty large for the price! We finished off the evening with strawberry shortcake - made with biscuits, fresh strawberries and whipped cream. While the treat was refreshing and tasty, the biscuits were a bit stiff and the portion was on the smaller side. Thus, I need to come back and try the coconut chess or chocolate pie. Oh woe is me. I'm looking forward to coming back for another royal dinner at King's Kitchen...if I were to grab lunch here I may fall into an afternoon food coma!
5	5 STARS bc of its cause/mission/message, otherwise it would be an extremely strong 4 star if based solely on food and atmosphere. i had been wanting to go here for a while after hearing and reading about it. i love jim nobles roosters, loved nobles and had an opportunity to get a great living social coupon to kings kitchen so i bought one. we went in last night and never in a million years would i say it tasted like my moms or grandmothers cooking bc that is saying A LOT and very cliche. (side note: my mom grew up in the kitchen and in deeply southern fam and produced perfectly prepared southern classics, then she became a schooled gourmet chef in her spare time bc she wanted to broaden her art) anyway, the mac'n'cheese tasted exactly like my aunts, which is my favorite on earth, simple, classic...perfect. the creamed potatoes w/ white gravy and black eyed peas freaked me out b/c they were EXACTLY like my moms, yes, i know one of the reason why is bc they use bacon fat in a lot of the veggies....GOOD that stuff is what dreams are made of and these two veggies blew me away... and finally the skillet fried chicken, thick crispy crust, perfectly cooked, lightly seasoned, pretty sure the use peanut oil to fry their chicken and it tasted EXACTLY and I mean EXACTLY like my grandmothers which isnt the best friend chicken i have ever had but it was phenomenal. i think there can be different types of friend chicken and if you want good old classically prepared fried chicken this is the best in charlotte, followed closely by myers park cc and then probably prices. they brought us some perfect biscuits and delicious cornbread to start, she got the flounder and was blown away by it and the collards (which they brought out with the proper side cars in both types of vinegars) we also got a really good rose to drink. we had a perfect server, dylan who we knew had recently started working there and he treated us perfectly and he knows his stuff. i was really really impressed by the place and will def be back many many times in the future. hats off to jim noble once again, this guy knows what he is doing and is doing it for the greater good which is to be commended.
5	We don't get to eat uptown too often since we work near the airport.  However, we made a special trip to the King's Kitchen today with a group of 10 people (we made reservations).  You probably know that The King's Kitchen is a non-profit restaurant owned by Charlotte chef and minister Jim Noble.  The restaurant began with no debt; it was all paid for which helps them give more back to people.In a place serving mostly southern style food, I had to get sweet tea, which is not one of my faves.  However, if all sweet tea tasted like this, I'd probably drink it much more often.  We ordered some pimento cheese for an app, which was a decent size scoop but served with only about 5 crackers.  This wasn't a problem when the made-from-scratch biscuits and cornbread came out though.  They tasted great by themselves, but they were also good with the cheese.  I make pimento cheese often, and prefer mine with more of a kick of hot sauce, but this cheese was still very good.  I got the pan-fried all natural chicken with white meat.  The chicken was slightly dry (because white meat often is) but the breading made up for it.  It tasted like they used panko and that stuff is awesome.  The meat comes with three sides for lunch, so I got mac and cheese, mashed sweet potatoes, and fruit.  The sweet potatoes were awesome and so was the mac and cheese.  Everyone ordered a variety of items and everyone really liked what they got (keep in mind more than half of this group are native southerners and two are even native to Charlotte).  The pineapple upside down cake was also moist sweet, and delicious.  It took a little bit to get our checks, but that's a minor issue.  It's a rare occurrence when a restaurant gets our group's order 100% correct and even rarer when everyone loves their food.
1	I had a bad dining experience here and will likely never go again.  Oddly enough, I went in the first place because of good reviews I read here on Yelp.  Needless to say I was suprised with bad service, and burned food that was tasteless!  I had a grilled pimento and cheese sandwich with fries.  I know that the couple sitting next to me and my wife were not happy either.
4	The service was quite good, and they do really good work.  Even if the food was across-the-board mediocre, it would be worth eating here.  Luckily, it is much better than that.We ate here twice during a recent trip to Charlotte.  The appetizers were all pretty good, with some being great (they had a special pear salad that was really super).  Wings were pretty good, smoky and sweet.  Pub cheese was also good.I had the fried chicken the first night, with seared cabbage and mashed potatoes, and, well, it made me want to purge so I could eat it again.  The second time, it was a steak which was good but not amazing.We only ordered desserts the first night.  I had a pear and berry crisp which was pretty good bout about 35 minutes in coming, which made it seem less delicious.The service was good - attentive, willing to make suggestions, and told us about the good work using local farms and feeding local people who need feeding that the restaurant does.
5	Catfish cheese grits and stewed tomatoes yummy. Organization offering inspiring job training and support in a surprisingly upscale, confident restaurant package. Great ambiance, large outdoor terrace wraps around on two sides.  Right in downtown Charlotte.  Eat here!!!
4	My boyfriend and I have been wanting to eat at The King's Kitchen now for awhile. We felt like some comfort food while uptown and this did the trick! They start the meal off with perfect biscuits as well as some super moist corn bread. Very good. We also split the deviled eggs (not at all runny) and the fried polenta. It almost tasted like fried cheese! Then, my boyfriend ordered the blackened catfish with the mac and cheese, greens and stewed tomatoes and I got the fried chicken with carrots, mac and cheese and green beans. We got all of that for $40. The service was pretty good. We thought our server may have forgotten about bringing us the bread, but she brought it after we ate the eggs and polenta which was actually better.
4	While the food may not be as good as one could hope, I will always choose this as the number one place for lunch downtown because of the AWESOME work they are doing giving folks a second chance.Hooray for The Kings Kitchen
2	Cornbread was very good. Had the BBQ chicken which was good but small leg and thigh. Wasn't anything special. Sides were the cabbage, red peas, and sweet potato mash. Have to say the cabbage was the best thing. Everything else was bland with no seasoning. I would not go back here
3	I really wanted to like this restaurant.  They give all their proceeds to charity, the set up is cool, their wait staff incredibly friendly, and their southern menu items look great on paper.  But the food itself was so greasy.  The chicken and mac n cheese were glistening.  The corn bread was fried in butter...sounds like it was taste amazing, but it just tasted like a little crunchy cube of butter with no hint of corn at all.  The 3 stars is for the great wait staff and charity cause, otherwise food would get a 1.5.
4	We went to The Kings Kitchen for the first time last night and I can assure you, it will not be the last! We decided to dine here before the Panther game and I am so glad we did! I had to try my partner's chicken since I have heard so much about it. The fried chicken was great - crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. I ordered the Vegie Plate with the mac-n-cheese (delicious), green beans (seasoned just right), seared cabbage (crunchy not mushy) and roasted carrots (perfectly brown on the outside but not overcooked). I really liked the cornbread - is was moist and not only could I taste the corn, mine had pieces of corn in it. The beer and wine list is appropriate to the menu and we enjoyed the Old Meck Brewery beers on tap. The service was extremely friendly and attentive and I like the decor inside and the street-side outdoor seating. I cannot wait to return! (I wish they would open for Sunday brunch during the Panther home games ... hint-hint.) OBTW: It said on the door that Breakfast is coming soon - great idea!
4	I loved their mission and atmosphere.  The food was some good, some not so good.  The fried chicken was very dry, but the collards, black eyed peas and creamed corn were great!  I love pie, but why do so many restaurants fail at piecrust.  It was uncooked tasting and thick.  Piecrust should be flakey!  So, would I go back? Yes, but would probably order the vegetable plate.  Love what they're doing.
4	It's great to have a meat-n-three place that's not your typical BBQ restaurant.  I've been here 3 times and have always liked my side dishes.  The creamed corn had strings in it, but that was my only complaint.  I agree with a previous reviewer about the pie crust - not my preferred kind.  I do, however, love the biscuits and cornbread.Portions are reasonable and so are prices.
5	Loved this whole experience. The pimento cheese dip with homemade crackers were so tasty. The shrimp and grits were amazing! I had to go back a second time on this trip. And the biscuits with butter and honey....my oh my...the best I've ever had. The mac and cheese wasn't that great but our corn and butter beans were so tasty. We had them with the fried chicken. I would love to come back to visit (from Seattle) just because of this restaurant.
3	Took my aunt and uncle here when they were visiting from California because I thought they would really like the whole non-profit angle and the religious aspect that Jim Noble brings to his workplace since they are also very religious.Came at lunchtime and we were seated right away.  Our server was nice but was sooo soft spoken it was hard to hear him.  I went with the meat and 3 and did the fried chicken with mac & cheese, creamed corn and sweet potatos.  It was all good but not great.  I prefer the style of the sides at Rooster's and the creamed corn wasn't really creamed.  The corn bread was awesome though.  I did have to ask about them because our server never brought them over till long after our food arrived.My aunt did get a run down of the restaurants mission statement from our server and overall they seemed to really enjoy themselves.  I was treated so can't comment on price, but didn't seem very expensive.
4	First of all, I love that this is a nonprofit doing such great things for the community. I think there should be more restaurants like this! The food was very good, and very bad for you. I definitely fell into a food coma after dinner--ate too much heavy Southern cookin'! The atmosphere was mostly nice, except for the TVs all over... I understand having TVs over a bar, that's fine, but there were TVs on the walls in the main dining room, which seemed really out of place and distracting, especially considering there was live jazz playing.
4	Excellent service. Meat+3 is definitely the way to go. My date had the salmon which was also excellent. And profits to charity for dessert.
5	My first meal in Charlotte and it set the bar REALLY HIGH.  Everything I had was amazing, and I love the whole non-profit, local food thing, proceeds going back into the community.  WIn-win-win.King's Kitchen is my new go-to place for all friends visiting from out of town.
4	My entire family and I went to The King's Kitchen in May to celebrate my finishing grad school.  I made a reservation for 8 about a week prior to the Saturday night dinner.  When we arrived at the restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised to find that we had a private room reserved.  Although fancier than the traditional "meat and three," it is still just that, so dont go expecting something very gourmet.Likes:  Pleasant atmosphere, attentive waiter who obviously takes a lot of pride in his job, the food was all great (the appetizers, meat, and the sides were all delicious).Dislikes:  Parking.  We parked in a garage and walked.  And then it rained on our heads.  But I guess that's what happens in downtown Charlotte.Take it or leave it:  Take it.  Fun place with good food for an good cause.  I'm willing to support anyone who has a different business model than the traditional restaurant.
4	Great atmosphere, nice color scheme,very bright! They have nothing to hide in dim light, their service was attentive and accommodating to a picky eater. Husband and I had the meat and three, flounder(not technically a meat but).., 1.mac&cheese, 2.carrots and 3.potato salad. Nice lightly seasoned batter on the fish and the baked Mac actually had flavor of cheese not just egg and the grilled carrots were so sweet! Husband had Pams brownie, a bit to sweet to me. Giving back to the community always feels great!
2	I've wanted to visit this restaurant for months now. My gf and I went here the other night and, unfortunately, it was a disappointment. We walked in on Fri night and stood right next to the hostess for a good minute. She knew we were there, nothing was said to us, and she just kept talking to the waiter. Now, one minute is much longer than it sounds when you walk in and expect to be greeted by someone. Bad taste in our mouths immediately. Not major, just something we both thought was strange. We got a nice table, good place to hear the live jazz (we're both Jazz lovers!). The waiter informed us that they were out of the pot roast. No biggie. She ordered the Salmon; I ordered the fried chicken meat & three. I ordered Mac-n-Cheese, fried cabbage, and mashed potatoes & gravy.5 minutes later, the waiter informed us that they were out of Salmon. Small to medium biggie. She ordered something else and we drank some wine. A solid 40 minutes later, our food comes out. Major biggie. Hers looks great. Out of the three sides I ordered, two were wrong. Mac-n-cheese was there, but I got collard greens instead of cabbage and black eyed peas instead of mashed potatoes. Large biggie. I'm the LAST person to complain in my family and, even when I do, I am the most polite complainer anywhere around. Just get the order right, that's all. Overall, the food was great. That's why I am annoyed - because the food was great and the service wasn't. It's a shame to have great food and several things happen along the way that makes the customer not want to return which, sadly, may be the case with us. Along with the food mistakes, etc., our waiter was completely frantic the entire night. Just didn't give us a good vibe in there. Looks like there's some work to do for this kitchen.
4	I'll be full for the next 6 hours. I don't think I needed chicken, black eyed peas, spinach and Mac and cheese, but I got it. You're southern grandma would make this food and also probably call mac and cheese a veggie, but who cares when it's that good? No one.
5	For someone who moved too far north for Good southern food this is a destination. If you are looking for a casual meal this is a awesome place.
3	We ate here about a month ago.  The fact that I can't remember the details doesn't speak so highly, but I do recall that it was good, if not exceptional.  Very solid comfort-food offerings, that mostly seemed to be at the appropriate price point for what's given.  I do remember that the first biscuits sent out were room temperature and seemed stale, but the waitress saw I had only picked at mine, and brought more out - this time from a fresh, hot batch.  Much better. I had Meat & 3: pot roast, butternut squash, collards and mashed potatoes. The potatoes were listed with gravy on the menu, but only came out with a dish of broth/au jus on the side. I wasn't sure if that was supposed to be the "gravy", or if that was for the pot roast and they just forgot the potato gravy all together? Anyway, it was decent and filling, and would have had leftovers if I'd cared to take them home.  Nothing too special though.  Pot roast was fork-tender though, I'll give it that.Fiance ordered...some kind of fried fish, with tomato jam on a bed of cheesy grits.  His dish was definitely of a higher caliber than mine, more upscale, both in presentation and in flavor experience, but you could have told that in advance based on the menu descriptions and prices of our respective dishes.This was our first visit, spurred on by an about-to-expire online coupon we'd purchased.  Overall the experience was fine, but we had a long wait before being seated, and the jazz duo/trio (?), which we were seated near, was a bit too loud to be able to converse and hear each other.King's Kitchen was fine for one evening's eating adventure, but there are other restaurants in Charlotte that we have had consistently better experiences at, so this one is unlikely to enter our repertoire for future revisits.
4	The Kings Kitchen was the answer to my "where to eat after our quickie wedding" prayers. The owner of the restaurant, Jim Noble, has a few other restaurants in Charlotte. I've eaten at one of them. Noble's, and it was fantastic. But a bit pricier than I wanted my new husband to have to deal with. I saw a link to The King's Kitchen, and after checking out the website, I was in love. The food was very southern, but I was immediately drawn to the salmon AND what they do for the community. So, I told my husband about it, made the reservation and anticipated a delicious meal.After our short & sweet wedding, we headed downtown for dinner. We had reservations, but they weren't incredibly busy, so we probably would have been fine without one. We were seated quickly and our server greeted us promptly. He took our drink orders, came back and we ordered a few appetizers for the table. We ordered the deviled eggs & the pimento cheese. I can't comment on the pimento cheese, since I don't care for it and didn't try it, but the eggs were delicious. He also brought out two plates of biscuits with homemade strawberry jam and cornbread. Everyone raved about the cornbread. I had a biscuit with some jam and it was delicious, but nothing special.The entrees came out quickly and everyone was more than pleased. I had the salmon with the pea risotto, which was fantastic. The salmon had a lime butter on top and the risotto was perfect. And the color was gorgeous and interesting. I was very pleased with the flavors of this dish (the salmon was some of the best I've ever had). Several members of our table ordered the pot roast. I had a bite of my husband's and it melted in my mouth. I've never had a roast that was that tender and had such great flavor. My new mother in law had the fried flounder. I had a bite of that and it was incredible as well.Everyone loved their side items (the mashed potatoes, creamed corn & macaroni and cheese were HUGE hits), and almost everyone was pleased with their entrees. My new brother in law ordered the fried chicken, and while it looked delicious, he said their was so much grease it actually became unappetizing the more he looked at it. Other than the fried chicken, the dinner was a huge success, and a fantastic evening was had by all. And while I loved my delicious dinner, I love what the restaurant does for the community and that just makes me want to go there over and over again. Anyone in Charlotte needs to try it out.
4	Here's the breakdown:3 stars for food5 stars because of their overall missionMeet in the middle for a total of 4 outstanding stars!Like others have mentioned, their mission is phenomenal! 100% of profit from sales is donated to feed the poor and they provide job opportunities for people in need. In addition, they create dishes using local ingredients.The ambiance is very nice and spacious. They even have patio seating for those nice days and nights. Spend your money here and it will go very far to help others!
5	Fried chicken isn't the healthiest, but it sure is tasty. Pair it with sides of mac & cheese, coleslaw and roasted carrots -- it's all the better. Add hot sauce, look out! And with mission for feeding people who are struggling, providing job training, and generally doing good... Well, that's just a place I can support. The prices were right. The food was good. Ambiance was pleasant. Service was flawless. And, the company was fantastic. Highly recommend this King's Kitchen. Mostly for the good it does in the community. You'll enjoy it.
3	how much fried chicken can you southerners eat? jesus. service was pretty good, im not crazy about homeless people making my food but it was good. im new to shrimp and grits and it just seems to get better every time i have it. i even begged the waitress to get me a fruit plate for dessert (not on menu) and she delivered, so i was pretty happy.
4	Outstanding fried chicken and friendly and attentive staff.
4	Great Food and Friendly Service and for a good cause!
3	Excellent service and good food. I wish the cornbread was sweet though. All and all I say it was just OK.
4	Had the most delicious dinner here before going to the symphony.  Deviled eggs were tasty, and I had the Catfish with fried cabbage and creamed corn.  My wife had the Mahi with mac&cheese and collard greens.  Everything was delicious, and we both loved it!  Also, the server was attentive and polite.
5	"Each chicken, feed some people"- Their slogan on the menuWe loved this place. The fact that their sole purpose is to make good food so that they can feed the homeless in the area makes me happy. I had the fried chicken with mac & cheese, Black eyed peas and creamy potatoes. The entree was excellent for the most part. The peas were not my favorite, but I think it's more of a preference thing for me. My wife had the fried flounder, and it was amazing. I was actually a little jealous, but don't tell the chicken. We also "split" the chocolate, peanut butter crumb cake that was decadent. The staff were amazing. Some of the best service we have had. Our friend told us that their cornbread was extremely tasty, but when we asked about it, we were informed that they only serve that at lunch now. A few minutes later our waiter came back a warm basket saying he found a few pieces in the back for us. All of his recommendations were spot on and he helped us understand a little more about the mission of the restaurant. Knowing that the proceeds were helping the community, we didn't mind splurging on items that we normally might pass over like dessert.The atmosphere was also warm and cozy. My wife said it felt like someone's home. The candlelight was perfect and the layout of the place was nice. Definitely try this place if you are looking for soul food in the truest meaning of the phrase.
1	Like the concept...but not the food. Went for valentine's dinner. Two appetizers on the menu were not available. No draft beer available. Which leaves limited wine list and 6 or so bottle beer choices. Scallop appetizer was ok. Chicken and dumplings...sent back. Ordered blackened catfish...burnt. Shrimp and grits were lumpy....very strange. Either this was a bad night or this place is hurting.
4	I was in town for business and in the mood for some Southern cooking, so came across The King's Kitchen on Yelp. Despite my best efforts for healthy eating, I could not resist the fried chicken, and it definitely exceeded expectations. The outside was crispy and well-seasoned. At this point I figured if I was going to not be healthy with my eating I might as well go all out -- got the mac and cheese to accompany it, also very good. The wine list here was decent, some good selections by the bottle. Overall a great place for me to get my Southern fix.
3	I came here after reading a lot of glowing reviews of the place.  I thought it was just so so.  I ordered the ribs and the chicken.  Since this place is known for the chicken, I was waiting to be impressed.  It was just okay.  It was moist.  Probably one of the moist chicken I had, except it was super bland.  It didn't taste like it was seasoned at all, not even the skin!  But the vegetables were pretty awesome.  I had the carrots.  I didn't know carrots could taste so good.  Green beens were amazing.  Mac-n-cheese were just so so.Then there was the ribs.  It was pretty good.  Well seasoned.  Fries were good.  Slaws were good.  Just all around solid here.So for me, it was just a-ok.  Maybe I should've gone for the seafood stuff.  If you want good chicken, I would go to Mert's.  mmm mmm good...
4	Great concept and fantastic execution. That pork porterhouse was amazing! So were the sides! Should have tried their famous fried chicken, but that pork chop sounded too good to pass.
3	Visiting The Kings Kitchen, I had very high hopes. By the end of the night, my hopes were let down a tad bit. We had 8:30pm reservations, but by the time we were seated, it was around 8:45pm. We did not receive drinks(water) until 9:20pm, and our food around 9:35. We waited almost an hour before eating, and I know it was busy for a saturday night, but an HOUR!?! Come one people, do better! The food was ok, the waiters were nice but ALWAYS on the go. The bbq wings we received for an appetizer were not cooked all the way thoroughly, and although they replaced them with more, it left a bad taste in our mouths of the cook. How can you serve bloody chicken wings at a restaurant?! Also,  I was very disappointed when I found out they did NOT serve liquor, only a few beers and a few selections of wine. 2 thumbs down in my book.We all tried the "corn bread" and only 2 out of 5 enjoyed it. I felt it was a little too "wet" for my liking.I ordered the fried chicken, mac & cheese, and collard greens. The chicken was juicy and delicious. The mac&cheese was ok, but the collard greens had a little too much vinegar for me. I did not like them at all. My sister had the fried chicken, mac&cheese, collard greens and carrots, she loved it all. My mother had the fried chicken, black eye peas, mac&cheese & collard greens. She liked it all except the black eyed peas, which she thought were a bit mushy. The rest of the table tried cabbage and corn as a side, which they thought were delicious, while a friend also had the tilapia and she enjoyed it alot. Would I go again? Maybe, but not for a very long time.
1	The idea is nice, that profit from operations will be used to help those in need. But the food is far under par. We tried the deviled eggs, which were similar to what you might expect if you bought them from the Food Lion deli counter. They were out of the ham and swiss sandwich, so I ordered the turkey club. It had absolutely no flavor. Quite astonishing, actually. How do you make a sandwich with turkey, bacon, and mayo, and yet it be completely bland. My wife had a "meat and 3", fried chicken. The collards were good because of the smoked ham. But otherwise everything was average at best. Portions of the sides were very small. Even though the food was relatively cheap, it still wasn't worth it. I feel sorry for people who live in Charlotte if this is one of the better places downtown. 3/23/12
5	I have lived about two blocks away from this place for over a year now and for some reason we haven't found the time to stop by King's for dinner.  Well, we finally did and I am so glad that we did!!  We started out with the fried oysters as our app and they were... Kick A$$!!! (see pic).  They were huge with the perfect amount of crispiness and textured seafood gooey'ness on the inside.  They were accompanied by delicious cocktail sauce and a second balsamic vinegar dressing thing.. Never had that type of dipping sauce for oysters before but it sure worked!I then moved on to the Fried Catfish and WOW!  It was excellent.  The perfect amount of herbs and spices in the batter mix complimented the an ideal flaky delicious fish.  I was blown away with the taste.  Not to mention, they gave us three side options for the entree.  I went with the collard greens, fried mac n' cheese, and the mashed potatoes.  I would highly suggest you do the same.  You cant go wrong with some collard greens.  My only issue would have to be the fact that they NAILED this dinner perfectly.  Now, I am going to go back and have to order the same thing and not try anything new.  I know, crazy frustrating, right?  Enjoy!!-Ian M.
3	If it weren't for the mission of KK, I probably wouldn't visit again.  I've been a couple of times and tried different things.  The food is ok, but nothing special...especially for the price.  However, because of the mission I'm sure I will be back.
3	I give The King's Kitchen a 4 on food and 2 on service for the first visit.  Maybe after the another visit, I'd be willing to bump up my rating.First off, it's conveniently located downtown, with some nearby street parking or a garage right behind it.  The decor inside is very cute, with some old pots and pans scattered near the front, as well as some interesting home-made art.  I really appreciate their mission of giving the profits to the homeless.  The food was very good.  For the starter, we had the fried oysters, which came with a cocktail sauce and a bacon vinagrette.  They were delicious, and I am not usually a fan of oysters.  I had the fried chicken, with roasted carrots, mashed potatoes, and pan seared cabbage.  The fried chicken was awesome, and all the sides were quite tasty.  The bread they brought to the table had the perfect texture, more crunchy and chewy toward the outside and soft in the middle, with just a hint of sweetness.  They served with real butter, and it was fabulous.  My partner had the fried flounder and mac and cheese - both of these were also great.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  For dessert, we chocolate peanut butter crunch cake.  The cake itself was just ok, but they served it with some really delicious vanilla bean ice cream.I feel bad complaining about the service, because our server was really nice and it wasn't entirely his fault.  We arrived there for dinner on a Saturday night at 6:00, and we left the restaurant at 7:48.  Our appetizer arrived quickly, but then our food order got lost.  Because our server was so busy, it was almost 7:00 before he realized we had not gotten our food.  He rushed the food, and we got it about 10 minutes later.  He apologized to us then and as we were leaving.  It look another long time before he came over to get our dessert order.  I think they were understaffed, because everybody was really rushing around.I would definitely come back again, because the food was very good.  I am willing to give them the benefit of the doubt about the slow service.  I genuinely feel bad for looking a bit annoyed about our food being lost.  I would watch for slow service if you plan to come here on a busy weekend.
5	This is a fantastic place. We went here on a Saturday night. The place was packed. We were a fairly large group (16 people). We had three courses. For appetizer we had a mixture of wings, bread, .... all very tasty and the food was delivered in no time. For main courses I had the flat iron steak with sweet potato hash and greens. Others had a specially prepared vegetarian dish, fried chicken, ... All the food was very tasty and delivered very fast (especially considering that we were 16 people). For deserts most of us tried their banana pudding. A bit heavy and an interesting mixture of sweet and bitter, but overall a great meal. Our server was very busy but had just the right amount of attention. Certainly coming back here next time I am in Charlotte.
5	Was visiting Charlotte for business and checked out this restaurant after reading the good reviews on Yelp.  our server Melinda was amazing and I reccomend you requesting her.
4	We discovered the existence of King's Kitchen based on a Living Social deal a few weeks ago. After seeing the number of ratings the place had we knew it was worth making the purchase. The deal was for one appetizer, two entrees and one dessert for $25, which was quite awesome. We headed down there for dinner tonight after taking in an afternoon hockey game and spending some time at the Mint Museum.King's Kitchen is a nice little place right amid the hustle and bustle of Charlotte. Upon entering you find a bright, clean-looking restaurant with one of the nicest bars I've ever seen. I usually opt out of sitting at a bar, but if the need arose I wouldn't have any second thoughts about popping down there. The rest of the indoor tables are a bit close to each other, giving you little privacy, but I've been smushed more by other restaurants. There were also some tables in an outdoor area, but the wind was a bit much to deal with that. We had made reservations so upon entering we were seated quickly and our server came over shortly after to take drinks and whatnot.We were a bit limited on what to order since there was a separate menu for those using the Living Social deal (something that was not mentioned anywhere on Living Social), and I wasn't crazy about the choice of appetizers. We ended up settling on the pimiento cheese ($5) with lavash (sp), which ended up being these really light crackers. The pimiento cheese had a nice spice to it, and definitely went well with the cracker. There was definitely an excess of cheese to cracker, at least for us, since the cheese was a bit much (spicy and rich) to be spread too abundantly over the crackers. They did offer us bread to sop up the remainder of the cheese which was nice, but with two full meals coming we decided to not stuff ourselves.For dinner I ordered the fried chicken ($13) with butter beans, sea island red peas and roasted carrots. I went with the white meat, which consisted of breast and wing. The batter is nice and light, but I wish it had come out a bit crisper. The flavor was totally there and it tasted great, but the chicken was a bit drier than other fried chicken breast I've had. The butter beans were awesome, but I wasn't a fan of the red peas. I had never had them before so I have nothing to compare them to, but I just wasn't a fan of the overall flavor. The roasted carrots were crazy good, and I never thought I'd be raving about carrots after any meal. They are char broiled so they have all the black char on them and they are so soft and flavorful...almost tasted like sweet potatoes!The only fish on the limited menu was fried flounder ($14), but the miss' isn't a big fan of fried foods. Luckily the folks at Kings Kitchen were kind enough to substitute that for the blackened catfish ($20) at no upcharge, which I was very grateful for. This blackened catfish knocked my socks off. It had the PERFECT level of spice...I like enough spice where my nose will run, but not too hot where I have to chug a gallon of milk after each little bite. This blackening spice was right at the threshold for me, where it met the maximum but did not stray over even a little. She also got the mac & cheese, creamed corn and collard greens. The mac & cheese  was good, but a little too mushy for us. I really loved the creamed corn...it had this sweetness to it that made it the perfect side. I was not a fan of the collards, but I don't really like any greens, so don't take my word on the collards to heart.For dessert we split the chocolate and peanut butter cake with vanilla gelato.  I don't usually rave about a dessert, but this one is definitely worthy of it. The cake is a couple of layers of chocolate, peanut butter and ganache with some crispy layers thrown in also. The contrast of the soft cake to the crispiness worked well, and the ganache was simply indulgent. Then you had the heaping scoop of vanilla bean gelato. It was soooo rich and thick and the miss' detected a hint of some spice (possibly cinnamon) that really brought the flavor out. When you combined a little spoon of gelato with a spoon of the cake, you really had the ultimate dessert.Kings Kitchen definitely dishes out some slammin' Southern cuisine, and I love that they do it for a good cause at a great price with heaping portions. While some of the food was totally spot on, some of it was also lacking a bit. If I could dish out 4 1/2 stars I would, but I think there are a couple of things keeping it from 5 stars. Still, I totally recommend heading down to get some serious eats on.
5	I bought my first groupon for this restaurant. Upon learning that their a non-profit and provide food for the needy.. I felt a little guilty so I ended up not using the groupon. I'm glad they offered one, because it gave me that first little push I needed. As for the food, the fresh hot biscuits started my evening off with a salivating bang. I ordered and split two meat and threes. I got a hefty serving of flounder, fried chicken, mac n'cheese, collards, green beans, mashed potatoes, creamed corn, and roasted carrots. They all got along swell in my belly. I had high expectations and they were surely met. Parking wasn't bad, the interior space was very neat, and the waitstaff was very attentive. All around the perfect southern meal and experience.
5	My bookclub met at King's Kitchen and we had a fabulous time! Brian our waiter was awesome and knew the wines perfectly! Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I had the salmon and spinach risotto- Delish!!! The local cheese plate is a must. And of course the banana pudding!!!!!
5	My wife and I loved it!  Divine Southern cooking!  We are looking forward to returning later this month on our next road trip.
5	This is simply a wonderful restaurant with fresh real food.  I found it here on yelp when I was in town for two days.  I went with a lovely lady friend and we had simply a wonderful evening.  Food, atmosphere, and my company could not of been better.  We both had the fried chicken which was excellent.
5	Based on the giant cross over the kitchen, I am guessing that the King in King's Kitchen is the one true King.  Very nice.Coming into this place it looked very much in its element, which means that it is very elegant, with a open bar, simple clean tables with very upscale silver, china, and stemware.  Very fitting for being at the end of the block down from Trade and Tryon.  The menu is also simple and elegant, with choices for the not-so-hungry and the very hungry.I had seen the reviews on Yelp, so I had the Fried Chicken with 3 sides.  Everything was just perfect.  The chicken was perfect, mac and cheese perfect, stewed tomatoes perfect, creamed corn PERFECT.One thing I did not notice until "checkout" is that there is a place to put an additional donation at the bottom of your receipt, which will be added to your (credit card) bill.  Even without an additional donation, I suppose a nonprofit would be a preferred location if you want to help out.O-O I'll be back !!
2	Ate here on a Saturday night. I like that some proceeds are donated to local hunger efforts.But, the service was somewhat lacking. We weren't checked on after our food arrived. Nearby tables were left unbussed. It wasn't terribly crowded.The food was acceptable, though my companion's steak was overdone.
5	I'm pretty sold on King's Kitchen. Their fried catfish in cheesy grits was truly excellent, and though their fried chicken is more famous, the catfish is truly the way to go.The sides are all top notch also and their cornbread is absurdly buttery.I feel like I should have more to say for a 5 star review but I don't. Protip - go for lunch, it's the same food but much cheaper.
4	Great comfort food and an awesome cause. I'll be back.
3	I was wondering around E.Trade St. looking for something to eat, and I came across this restaurant. The fact that it is located at the intersection and the restaurant looks semi-classy with a nice outdoor patio attracted me. I ordered their famous fried chicken (a recommendation from a lot of people from Yelp, and the waitress) and Stella for beer. Honestly, I was not too impressed. The fried-chicken tasted dry (not juicy enough for me). Maybe because I live right across the border from Kentucky, but Kentucky does have the best fried chicken in the world.This review is based on their famous fried chicken, but I would like to go back and try other stuff on their menu, their entree list looked pretty but a little pricey...more reviews to come!
4	Went to Kings Kitchen tonight for dinner. The service was excellent. The shrimp and grits gave me an entirely new perspective on life. AMAZING. My dinner companions said the chicken was good but not any better than popeye's however everyone said their sides were fantastic. I ordered the Mac n cheese as my side and it was better than out of the box but nothing special. Bottom line a good meal but if you are expecting "soul food" like Sunday dinners at your grandma's house expect to be disappointed. That being said, still one of the best meals Charlotte.
3	The food was great - classic, Southern, meat plus three and creole shrimp and grits, fried catfish the size of my head - and great value. The service was what ruined it.   Slow, nonexistent at times, with multiple servers running around confusing us.  When I asked to see the dessert menu (great desserts, too, pecan pie made of pecans and not corn syrup!) I was presented the lunch menu, without the explanation that the prices were up to $3 cheaper than the dinner menu prices (which was what I was charged, of course).   Overall, just inadequate service, especially in light of how many busybodies there were running around and IGNORING us as we sat in the middle of the room trying to draw someone, ANYONE's attention to order. Again, great food, great price.. and so I might try it again, but maybe I can get a buzzer or a card or something to hold up so my server can claim me.
5	Visiting Charlotte NC, so I had to try their fried chicken... Deliciously juicy and crispy. The sides were amazing, creamed sweet corn, coleslaw and mac&cheese. This was true comfort food!
5	I don't know where to start.  The fact that this is a not for profit restaurant, the crowd, the staff or the amazing food.   Horrace was my server and a true gentleman.  He gave me that background on the restaurant and a guided tour of the menu.  After several minutes to ponder my path tonight, I arrived at Jimmy's wings, the peach glazed pork chop with hoppin Jon and finished with banana pudding.  I remember sitting back from my chop and dreading my last bite as this amazing dish was coming to an end.  I have traveled the country and eat in a lot of great chop houses and no where can even touch what the executive chef has created here.  Words cannot describe the flavor that crosses your lips on every bite.  Watching other diners around me, I noticed the same look of extreme satisfaction on their faces as well from the first bite to the end.  Finally, the banana pudding was as sweet and smooth as silk.  If your in the Charoltte downtown area and want to contribute to a great cause stop by The Kings Kitchen and take part in a culinary adventure.
4	I would have given it five stars other than for the fact that I got sick that night. It could have been from my fried oyster salad. Other than that *possible* mishap, I thought this place was dynamite. I will come back next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	The food was great, the service was great, and most of all -it's for a great cause. I love The King's Kitchen and will definitely return again soon! It's a great place for lunch in uptown!
5	My favorite place in Charlotte. You'll have no self-respect after eating so much, but you won't regret it. The caramel cake is addictive.
3	I enjoyed my dining experience here for the most part.  I am born in raised in north Florida though and have very high standards for southern cuisine.I dined with my girlfriend and we had a Living Social for 1 app, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert.  Good thing we did though because I still ended up spending $40 on 4 drinks and the tip.   But hey, it's uptown, I need to start accepting that.....Or should I?I thoroughly enjoyed the fried oyster appetizer.  It came with a bacon vinaigrette and cocktail sauce for dipping.  I wasn't wowed by the vinaigrette like I thought I would be, but the cocktail sauce made up for it.We both ordered the meat and 3, and we both ordered flounder as the meat!  I always try to order something different from her, but I just wasn't feeling the other options of salmon, flank steak, or fried chicken (yes, the chicken was tempting, but I didn't want to have to pick at anything during my meal).  I thought the flounder was fried perfectly.  It was a little salty, but I have a salty palate so I liked it.  The sides are what I really thought could have been better.  When I think about southern cuisine, it's all about the sides, bottom line.  I ordered the mac n' cheese, cheese grits, and mashed (creamed) potatoes.  The potatoes were pretty good, but I make better mac n' cheese and grits at home.  When I go out for southern cuisine, I want to eat food that's better than what I make myself.  The mac didn't have enough cheese and tasted very eggy.  The grits weren't thick enough and made me wish I had ordered something different.  I can't really remember what she had as sides, oh well.....The dessert left something to be desired as well.  It didn't taste homemade, but who knows.  We had the turtle pie.I would eat here again with a Living Social, but honestly if I'm in search of getting my southern fat kid on, I'm heading over to Dish.
4	David was our server and he was knowledgeable and attentive, also had a sense of humor. We had a LivingSocial Deal for the 1 app, 2 entrees& dessert. Wings (7) were our appetizer and they came with both ranch and bleu cheese. The macaroni was decent & the collards needed a dash of sugar.  Hats off for using Yukon gold potatoes for the potato salad, but it was missing salt and flavor despite the dill.  Cabbage and Yukon Gold mashed potatoes were good.  His salmon was nicely charred and flaky and my chicken was moist and lightly seasoned. The turtle pie was pretty good and the Hummingbird Cake was very tasty.   The decor is nice and the cause is great. We were not offered any of the cornbread which I thought was another well-known item for them. Oh well, we plan to return to try some of the other entrees.
5	Great food. Great service. Great purpose.
5	Saw this place on yelp a while back but never got the chance to make it.  Then I came across a two page feature in the airline magazine about Jim Noble as being early on the farm to table movement after a trip to Napa and I knew I needed to make a point to try it.  The unassuming exterior opens to a nice clean restaurant.  I realized this was a little more then your average southern restaurant when I noticed seared scallops on the menu.The meal started off with CORNBREAD http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VH3WA7a-OVzFj2K_SP4BIw?select=l4s1Iu-2W5TISJro27qCBA#0cz5dmpB3qdUTI3hk8JjrAIt was glistening as it came out, crisp on the top with corn kernels blended in.  Quite unique. Ordered the FRIED OYSTERS with BACON VINAIGRETTE http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VH3WA7a-OVzFj2K_SP4BIw?select=l4s1Iu-2W5TISJro27qCBA#GPXXgS0bm80mU3SAmiruBA It crunched the fork.  Very good, both the bacon vinaigrette and the think and chunky cocktail sauce were excellentMEAT and THREE (Choice of meat and three sides)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VH3WA7a-OVzFj2K_SP4BIw?select=l4s1Iu-2W5TISJro27qCBA#txgFhMazxsiXJkL6X6PfkgHad a hard time deciding between the catfish (single entree) and the flounder (Meat & three option).  The waiter recommended flounder it was very good as well...  crisp, crunchy and flavorful.  Got  collard greens, mac & cheese, Rosa's green beans. Rosa's greens beans were the best although my friend got the creamed corn which he said was the best.PECAN PIE http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VH3WA7a-OVzFj2K_SP4BIw?select=l4s1Iu-2W5TISJro27qCBA#xjkMHhQLCOtB3wr4peIp5AA classic southern dessert, also the waiters recommendation.  While I wouldn't say it was amazing the caramel sauce pulled everything together very well.Aside from the great food, King's kitchen is a not-for-profit restaurant.  The profits go to feeding Charlotte's hungry and working with businesses, ministries, and non-profits to minister the gospel for Jesus Christ to helping to train troubled youth, rehab graduates and other members of the community who are in need of employment.  It's the kind of place that you feel good both about the food and the establishment as a whole. Will definitely be back and looking forward to trying out Rooster, Jim Noble's other restaurant.
4	One year later and this restaurant is still going strong! I love the location, the food, and the service. I love supporting a restaurant that is helping others. My fav is the pan-fried chicken with delicious vegie sides pared with an OMB Copper, but I have tasted several other dishes and enjoyed them all!
3	I really, really wish that our meal deserved four or five stars. I am a passionate fan of Rooster's and Rooster's Uptown so I was excited to eat at the King's Kitchen. If you are craving authentic southern food, you must eat here. I, however, am more of a modern southern cuisine girl so the food did not sing to me. The fact that my food also came out of order and sometimes 2 plates at the same time (nope, I am not kidding ... ) might have confused my palate a little bit. I thought the food was incredibly over-salted (and I consider salt a food group) - even my wedge salad was salted. Heavily. I was pleasantly surprised when I blindly ordered a glass of Riesling (no mixed drinks here!) and was presented with a local NC wine. And, yes, it was excellent! My husband is on a quest for the best banana pudding ever (is that even what it's called? you Southerners need to set me straight ... banana pudding, vanilla wafers, etc.) ... and he said that this definitely makes the top of his list. Check out the King's Kitchen. Jim Noble is doing some amazing things over there. But maybe check it out mid-week or perhaps for lunch where the service might be a little bit less harried.
5	Excellent food, GREAT service, good beers on tap....not much more I could ask for in a restaurant! We were very pleased after our recent date night here!
5	Not only a great restaurant, but what a great business philosophy! Loved it!!!
5	Terrific southern food , great service right in the heart of uptown! Love that this is a non-profit with such a noble mission.  Cornbread was amazing!  We will be back soon!!!
2	Okay Resturant, everything was marginal, chicken was dry, what they stand for is great but if you want good food this is not the place.
3	Sorry King's Kitchen... I'm knocking my 5-star review down to a 3-star based on recent visits. I'm not sure what has caused the noticeable change, but the service has been pretty bad the last two times I've been there in recent months. And the food? Not what it used to be. This was one of my fave, go-to places in Charlotte (I'd recommended it a dozen times to friends, uptown coworkers, & out-of-towners), but no more. Even 3-stars seems generous at this point.Food took forever to order & receive both times. Orders were wrong. We never got any corn bread (despite asking for it twice!). Water refills were non-existent. Dessert was not impressive. It could just be me, but it appears they don't offer the same amount of side items anymore (or they've changed their variety to less healthy options that no longer appeal to me). And did their portions get smaller while their prices got bigger? Again, it could just be me. Or perhaps I'm more sensitive to the prices when the food & service are so disappointing.My husband had visited a few other times for lunch and warned me, but I tried to stay optimistic and hoped he was wrong about the changes. Alas, he was right (as usual!), and I'm left searching for a new, favorite dinner spot.
3	Went after finding the miniature menu in my hotel's lobby.Asked my server for a few recommendations and settled on the skillet fried chicken with three sides, mac and cheese, Rosa's green beans, and Anson mills cheese and bacon grits.The chicken was entirely underwhelming. It was pale, not cooked crisp and seemed to have been rushed out of the kitchen. Won't bother with that again.The sides however were entirely delightful. Next time I may just make a meal out of the sides.Not sure if I'll be back.
1	After reading the reviews, I was excited to try the King's Kitchen.  While I'm glad this palce helps out the less fortunate, the food was disgusting.  The cornbread and biscuits were dry flavorless.  I had the fried chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and mac n cheese.   The chicken was soggy and not seasoned.  The mashed potatoes and mac n cheese were not good.  Frankly, I've had better food from a tv dinner.
4	Come for the food, the fried chicken or other home cooked dish, or the story that makes this restaurant what it is. The point is that it is a must. I dare say the gem of Charlotte. Out of town guests? Don't tell them the fact that this is a non-profit giving a few great people a chance at learning a new skill in this upscale restaurant setting. Tell them as they enjoy their meal. The bakery is fantastic. Take some home. Try to dessert. You'll be glad you did.
5	For a person that never finishes all of any meal, I was more than content to stuff my face until I had to be rolled out of the restaurant.  Luckily, it did not come to that.  The flounder was absolutely delicious.  It was fresh and light and the batter was delicious and crispy.  The macaroni and cheese was just the right balance of crisp cheese and well-cooked pasta.  Please do not get me started on the collard greens and cornbread.  Suffice it to say, deliciousness.  My boyfriend gave me some of his ribs and they were also an awesome option.  Overall, our server was fantastic, the food was great and the prices were reasonable.  All four people in our party were beyond pleased!
5	This is easily one of my favorite spots in Charlotte. The food here is out of this world and very reasonably priced. True southern style cuisine that is clearly made with love.I usually get the fried chicken which is INSANE. The collard greens and Mac and cheese will change your life. My wife like the porterhouse porkchop which literally melts in your mouth. And being a music minister in a local church, the mission of this place is incredible. Look them up and read about their history. You will not be disappointed.
4	Just had lunch there with a friend. The sides I got were about what I expected, but the fried catfish was excellent! Nicely breaded without being greasy. Flaky, not mushy and seemed fresh. So big and meaty I thought I was eating cod or haddock. Service prompt, friendly and attentive.
3	Great Food and concept. Service was completely lacking.
4	They are vegetarian-friendly.  Staff is knowledgable and helpful.  Food is fresh, local and interesting.  Lots of diner dishes with new variations that make the upscale price worth paying.
4	What a great place!  We loved our pimento cheese dip appetizer.  My shrimp and grits was fabulous!  But perhaps best of all, was my banana pudding.
5	Best service, great atmosphere, delicious food (southern cooking at its best) especially the banana pudding. Now for the best part, they are non-profit.  Feeding the hungry through the restaurant proceeds and raising up those who need another chance.   great food and a higher cause-can it get any better.Highly recommended
2	To start out, if I were to write this review a year ago, it would be much different.  I would have said, "Good food, Good Service and Great Prices and I recommend everyone should try this place at least once".  Unfortunately, as Cara said in a previous review, something has happened to the Kings kitchen over the last year.  I do not know what has happened, but the prices have increased and the portions and food no longer meet the expectations that Kings kitchen once met.  Today I ordered the Grilled Chicken wrap with fries, the other people that were with me got a Grilled Chicken wrap as well and a turkey sandwhich.  The wrap was mostly all lettuce and a 1/2 of a breast of chicken (the other person at the table got the other half).  This was not an $11 wrap.  The Turkey sandwhich had, at most, 3 pieces of Turkey on it, but plenty of lettuce.  All 3 of us got fries and they were greasy and soggy.  The other 2 people like their fries this way, so that is neither a positive or negative to kings kitchen.  I hope kings Kitchen can fix whatever has broke and get back to the way it was.  If this happens, I will be ecstatic to be able to recommend this place again.
3	My second visit. I remember the first visit from about a year ago was good (not great) and this time cemented the deal.  I had the arugula and goat cheese salad, which arrived minus the goat cheese.  Ok, that got fixed.  I ordered the salmon for dinner.  It arrived, a very small piece of fish (~5 ounces?) served in a pool of cream sauce that was devoid of any particular flavor. There were no vegetables, no sides, no nothin.  And 5ounces of fish.  And all for $22.  Sooo not worth it!  And the menu hadn't changed in the year between visits.  The only reason I went for 3'stars is that the server was very good (Dave).  I won't be returning.
3	I am between Meh and A-ok. Mostly leaning towards Meh, but rounding up simply because I love the concept and was excited since we love Roosters and they are owned by the same people had high expectations. Had made a reservation, but were still seated at an awkward table at the front of the restaurant where I had to actually change seats with my husband since there was a giant light that was shining directly down on my face. He said it didn't bother him since he is taller, but I think he may have just been trying to make me feel better. We decided to start with the cheese plate which was tasty, but never comes with enough crostinis so I had to ask for some more, which is not a big deal except for the fact that within a minute of bringing them out, our entrees arrived. This is a big pet peeve of mine at a restaurant. I order an appetizer to enjoy before my meal arrives. I don't like to be interrupted halfway through with a big plate of food. Something always ends up getting pushed to the side and that feels like such a waste to me. (I know I could have sent it back and said we weren't ready yet, but our service was already iffy, at best, and didn't want to risk being served a cold entree since they were annoyed with me). Both the hubs and I ordered the skillet chicken and found it to be pretty tasty, though I would have liked to see a little more seasoning in the skin. The mashed potatoes were my favorite part. I found it to be disappointing that we had to ask for the biscuit and cornbread that were ordered with our entrees and then equally disappointed with the quality of the biscuit when it arrived (though husband thought the corn bread was pretty tasty). All in all, I left feeling a little disappointed and even though I think it is a great concept, don't think I will be heading back or recommending it to anyone any time soon.
4	Love the food and the concept...
4	Before I talk about the food, I think it's important to note what this place is.  It is a not for profit restaurant and the proceeds go towards local organizations that help the poor and needy in the community.  Additionally, the restaurant gives jobs to folks who are considered to be "un-employable" due to troubled pasts.  All this is done under the auspices of religion.  Whether or not you are a religious person, the cause is noble and sincere.  And they don't shove it down your throat, they just serve you good food and treat you well while doing it.  So, on to the restaurant itself.  It's in a really cool location on the corner of Trade and Church that you cannot miss.  Lots of windows make it very attractive.  The atmosphere is very casual and comfortable.  When we arrived, we were seated at a table that was awkwardly placed against a wall right under a mammoth flat screen TV.  That part was a little disappointing but no major issue.  Our waitress was kind, attentive, and offered good recommendations.  There were all sorts of delicious looking down-home dishes on the menu.  I went with the fried catfish which was pretty excellent I must say.  It was served up with mushrooms, sweet potato puree, and corn pudding.  The portions were good sized but not enormous, so I didn't leave feeling like I ate half of Charlotte.  There were really tasty looking desserts to pick from (pecan tart, a truffle trio, banana pudding, coconut cake, etc.).  We went with the caramel cake which was accompanied by a dollop of coffee ice cream.  That thing didn't stand a chance!Cool atmosphere, good food, friendly staff, all backed by a humanitarian cause.
2	i was excited to eat here because it was highly recommended. the service was excellent and the food was pretty good. it's not the best fried chicken i've ever had but it was decent. it was a little greasy though. however, i went with a large group of 7 and so far 3 of us felt sick later. i haven't checked with 3 other folks from my party but, my mother in law, my husband and i all felt very nauseous  and had the runs afterwards.
5	In town for business and was needing some good fried chicken. I saw great reviews so tried Kings. The place was pretty dead when I go there, but that was totally cool wit me since I was just eating at the bar and watching the Syracuse game (nice!). Before food arrived, I decided to wet the palette.. and what do we have here? Oh my, a double IPA! Well thank you very much, I'll have 3. I went with the fried chicken, mac n cheese, cabbage, buttered beans and a coronary. I ordered the dark meat but got a breast, and so happy I did - it was insanely juicy. The buttered beans almost stole the show, they were so good. The cabbage was greasy but I quickly forgot that as I inhaled the mac n cheese.The staff was excellent and even gave me a little history of the place, which was pretty touching as the restaurant serves over 60 homeless people every day. Great food, great mission - no reason not to try this place!
3	The food felt like home. We went on a random Monday night. We started with the fried oysters with bacon vinaigrette and cocktail sauce. Succulent and a bit spicy. My had the spare ribs and he said they were great and enough that he had to take some home. I had the fried catfish with okra, tomatoes and andouille sausage. I don't eat sausage, but the catfish was very nicely breaded and fried. I could have stood a bit more seasoning. The carmel cake was also to die for. Our server (don't think he ever gave his name) was nice, but perhaps a bit too "busy" as it was hard to flag him over sometimes. Also, I waited 10 mins before being seated - no one asked me if I was meeting someone or if I needed to be seated... But, overall, good place.
4	Overall, good food, noble mission... It's a place that you feel good about eating a meal at :) I absolutely love the concept behind King's Kitchen. They are a not-for-profit restaurant that donates 100% of it's profits from sales to feed the community. Not only do they have a noble mission and vision, but they have tasty food! I had a group interview in Uptown and a few of us were looking for a lunch spot close by. It was the one rainy, cold, windy day that week and we were on foot. Someone suggested Jimmy John's but I refused to walk too far.  Luckily, The King's Kitchen was at the corner of the block. We walked in and we took a peak at the menu. Everyone was satisfied with the selection so we asked to be seated. I got the chicken salad croissant sandwich which came with a side. I opted for a mixed greens salad with balsamic. The sandwich was excellent! The side salad was good, a simple mixed green salad with fresh ingredients. No complaints. The other selections at the table looked tasty as well! The prices were fair, $9-13 for the lunch menu.  The service was attentive and everyone was very polite. I would like to return to try their dinner selections.
5	Shrimp and grits, delicious ! Bob got seared scallop; he said awesome. Also, coconut cake. YUM
5	Love their fried chicken. Moist, not too much coating, good flavor. Not a big fan of the cornbread but they have lots of sides to choose from. Not to mention their sweet potato pie!
4	I was in town at a conference and looking for some good Southern comfort food. As usual, Yelp came through.My two friends and I split two meat and three plates with collard greens, green beans, butter beans, mashed potatoes and gravy, and mac and cheese, an appetizer of fried oysters, a side of carmelized beets, and grilled cornbread. Everything was good, but the fried oysters and green beans were great! I also enjoyed a tasty IPA and banana pudding with toasted marshmallow topping for dessert. Yummy! Luckily, the restaurant was almost a mile from the hotel, so we had some time to walk off some of this great meal.And best of all, this restaurant donates its profits to help the City's homeless and hungry. As they say on the menu, "Eat chicken and feed somebody." Who could ask for more?
4	The Wife and I were heading to a 7:30 show and wanted to give Kings Kitchen a try.  We set a fairly early 6:00 reservation and we were one of the first groups in the restaurant that Monday night.  The server appeared promptly (maybe a little too much so) to take our drink orders, so we put him off just a bit while we perused the wine and beer selections, which were pretty good.When we placed our dinner orders I let the waiter know that we had a 7:30 show, no big hurry at that time, but better safe than sorry.I had the Fried Chicken that has gotten so many good reviews, Mac and Cheese, cabbage and mashed potatoes.  My dear Sweet Wife went with the Fried Flounder Filet, Collards, Mac and Cheese and mashed potatoes.OK, here's where I'm supposed to complain how everything fell apart, we were late for our show, and I died from undercooked chicken.....but none of that happened.Our meal arrived promptly, but not so fast that we did not have time to enjoy our drinks a little before eating.  The chicken was delicious, juicy and flavorful with a nice crust.  Try as I may, I can't seem to cook chicken, so I appreciate it when someone gets it right.  The cabbage had good flavor, not watery, as you get at many restaurants.  The mac and cheese?  Well, it rivaled my Wife's (sorry Babe), and she makes really good and unhealthy mac and cheese with lots of cheese and cream.  Mashed Potatoes?  Biscuits?  Done right.The flounder was breaded with the same sort of crust as the chicken instead of a corn meal breading.  She said it was very good.  A big portion of collards were well done.We passed on dessert because the main portions were plenty.  All in all, we had a good experience.  We had plenty of time, but we weren't rushed by the staff. Of course Monday at 6:00 is not a busy time, but by the time we left several parties had arrived and the place was pretty busy.
5	We all would give this place 6 stars if we could.  Incredibly tasty food.  We ate every morsel ordered and waddled out of the place so full and so happy.  Fantastic service, good prices, very casual atmosphere, good bar, and just awesome food.
3	I love the overall aspect of King's Kitchen, so had to check it out. We went for lunch and the service was somewhat slow. I think it is due to the small amount of staff during the lunch service. Once the dishes arrived, fried chicken for both, with Mac & Cheese and vegetables was both cold and just ok. I was so expecting more, but will definitely give them another try.
3	The Anson Mills grits were the creamiest, gooiest, yummiest grits I've ever eaten.  Each bite was adorned with a shrimp and sliver of surryano country ham.  When the chef told me the grist were cheese-free, I looked at him like he was lying!  I'm still in a state of shock!I'm not a big fan of their fried chicken or their cornbread, but I love the restaurant's mission.
5	A friend and I took our 13-year-old sons for dinner.  We love the restaurant's concept of giving back to the community, and the boys were intrigued by the idea of a restaurant that donates all its profits to feed others.  Everyone loved the food.  Started with the hot pimento cheese dip in the bread bowl and only the fact that we were in public prevented a couple of us from licking the plate.  Followed with fried chicken & vegetables (3 of us) and one flounder & vegetables.  All were great -- the collard greens, butter beans, mac & cheese and mashed potatoes were favorites.  The biscuits were delicious -- I haven't had homemade biscuits that good since my grandmother was alive.  Just typing this is making me consider the drive uptown for those biscuits...  We finished by sharing three different desserts because we couldn't decide and wanted to try them.  The caramel cake was good, the s'more mud pie was great, and the banana pudding was so good the boys refused to share.  Servings were substantial; enough to make 13-year-old boys completely full!Rodney was our server, and he didn't steer us wrong on anything. Get a table in his section and he'll take great care of you.One more note:  when you get your check, there is a line at the bottom where you can add an amount (separate from the tip) for a donation to feed the hungry.  The servers don't ask you to contribute, so look for that if you're interested in donating.
4	First of all, I give this place credit for donating profits to feed the hungry.  That's a great start.  It's located conveniently in downtown Charlotte.  We went while on travel for business.  The waitress was great - I had the Fried Chicken with three sides.  Chicken was delicious, the corn sweet, the collard greens fantastic.  Our table also ordered an appetizer spread - the fried oysters were prepared perfectly and the cheese plate was good too.  Only issue I had was that the cornbread was a little dry.  Would highly recommend for a casual business dinner or any kind of a group.
2	I didn't care for the food at all. I had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes, butter beans and biscuit. The chicken was ok, the skin wasn't crispy but had good flavors. The mash potatoes were good, nothing special and the beans were in edible. Pile of mush and butter. Wouldn't recommend to anyone wanting good southern food.
3	I ordered the "Tega Hill Lettuces" entree salad with salmon, and was disappointed that only a quarter of the lettuce appeared to be local greens, while the rest was iceberg. The menu, in this case, is misleading. I suggest they rename the salad, or actually serve a salad with local greens.Other than that, the biscuits were quite tasty, and I enjoyed the pimento cheese appetizer. The other diners all seemed to enjoy their more authentic Southern fare.
4	this nonprofit restaurant offered a very filling lunch! I went here on a yelp review and let's not disappointed very good southern food!
3	Short version is: great food but spotty service. In town on business and guided by Yelp. I really appreciate the mission. Portions are well sized, prices are reasonable, and food is insanely good. The drink I ordered never arrive despite asking twice and the butter beans I ordered were replaced by potatoes. Food came out with 10 minutes of order being placed. I am all for fast service but was hoping to enjoy my beer that never arrived first. Will I go back next time here? Doubtful but it's worth a visit.
4	Wonderful. Very flavorful, very interesting preparations, good ambience. Heirloom tomatoes were fantastic, fantastic locally sourced ingredients. The food tastes even better knowing the good that is being done thru this establishment.
4	A colleague introduced me to The King's Kitchen for lunch this week. The biscuits and cornbread was home style. Although the fried chicken looked fabulous, I needed something a little lighter. So I ordered the chicken salad which came out on a crusty, thick crescent roll; they called it a croissant but it is not the light French pastry you might anticipate. It was accompanied by shoestring fries sprinkled with what might have been pepper. My colleague's lunch was the panini which she enjoyed.  The place gets five stars for its commitment to the homeless and for its overall mission. The place is clean and the service is also five star. The food was good and very reasonably priced. Bottom line: Go. Give back to the community and get a little something for your tummy while you're there.
4	Herb roasted chicken was good, but I wish I had just done all sides.  I enjoyed the zucchini the best.  Jalapeno cornbread was really good.  We did not get to try dessert.  Great service- We had a party of 7 and the waiter didn't blink at separating the check.
5	Today I decided to have lunch at the Kings Kitchen and was pleasantly surprised! The service first and foremost was excellent. Everyone was very welcoming and polite. Second the food was to die for I had the fried flounder with Mac and cheese, collard greens and cabbage with a side of corn bread and biscuits. The flounder was fried perfectly to a nice light crisp texture the Mac and cheese was cheesy and creamy the collards were on point and the cabbage was the best I've ever had. The lunch prices are a little more on the pricy side but its definitely worth it. Plus dud u mention that this place is a non profit restaurant? That means I can eat great food and spend money towards a good cause!!!
3	Cool place to come for lunch if you have a bit of time.  The food was prepared very well and wasn't expensive.  Came here for a work lunch thing and it took a long time to get the food.  Service was nice.  dmo out
4	Made some memories here last night. Had a delicious fried chicken and three dinner. Mashed potatoes were good w/white gravy, corn was amazing - salty and buttery, and the macncheese could've been skipped. I got a second side of corn which was 100% worth it. The biscuit was good but cold. Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals and if I lived local I would eat here again.
4	This is my favorite comfort food restaurant in Charlotte.  I love the fried fish, the collard greens and the cream corn. It has a lovely atmosphere and the proceeds go to a great cause. It's a not for profit org that helps feed the hungry.
5	Fantastic early dinner on the patio really impressed me! My family - with a 2 year old and infant - met friends here for dinner while we were visiting Charlotte. Our friends had highly recommended it and they did not disappoint. We sat on the patio, so hopefully our mess wouldn't be too bad. It did get loud with some Friday afternoon traffic and busses, but it wasn't constant. Our waiter was very attentive and sweet to the kids. My kids split a chicken tender kids meal and they both loved it. I am not a fried chicken fan, but after reading other reviews, I decided to try it, and I am SO GLAD I did! It was very lightly battered and so crispy. The sides were delicious. They were out of green beans, but the mashed potatoes, butter beans, and corn were perfect. My husband and friends had the herb roasted chicken and they thought it was great too. The biscuits were perfect and cornbread was delicious. My husband had the blueberry cheesecake for dessert and it was gone before I could get a bite! I devoured the banana pudding. The toasted marshmallow on top was the perfect compliment!
4	This place is great! Nice location and great food. I sat outside and enjoyed the weather and the scenery. Normally when I eat, I seem to end up eating my meat first and veggies/sides last. Well this was a first. The creamed potatoes and cabbage were the two best things on my plate! They were finished before anything. The mac and cheese was good also. The fried chicken was not the best I've ever had, but definitely not bad. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because of the cornbread. Weird, especially since they have a bakery attached, but the cornbread was not good at all. One bite, and I placed it on the side, and never touched it.I also had the cheese plate appetizer which was delicious.
5	Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in the QC.  Love the food - my standard order is the fried chicken, Mac and cheese, cabbage, and creamed corn with a sweet tea. Best comfort meal ever!  And make sure you save room for sweets after - the banana pudding is to DIE for.  I was a little disappointed last time I went - they changed their menu slightly and no longer had the pimento cheese spread. They had a dip that was equally as good - but I missed the spread!  On top of the wonderful food - I love that this place gives back to the community!
3	In my restaurant rating system, this is a level 3 restaurant (out of 5) .  I only measure food and service.  I give the food a weight of 2/3rd and service by 1/3.   For level 3 place The food was good.  I ordered the fried chicken - hot & moist.   I like mine with more spices.  Potatoes and gravy -  tasted home-made.  Butter beans - nice.  Beets- a little wrinkled / over cooked but still good and worth ordering. Food came out a little to fast indicating most is sitting on a warmer though don't know if this is true.     Service was attentive.   I'd come here again.  Solid predictable.
4	After recently accepting a new job, my previous Manager and some of my teammates took me to King's Kitchen for a farewell lunch. Although the service was again a little slow, the food was better than I remembered. We ordered a variety of items, from meatloaf, falafel salad, tomato bisque soup, fried chicken, and roast turkey. The portions were large and everything tasted great, clean plates all around. Top picks seemed to be the fried chicken & meatloaf. I do look forward to getting back and trying a few more sides, b/c there were a lot.
4	Great concept.Limited menu choices and typically one daily special which merits your strong consideration.  They stick to a few classic favorites and do them very well.  Reasonably priced.  Nice atmosphere.  Friendly service.
2	We were visiting Charlotte for a couple of days and were relying heavily on Yelp to lead the charge for dining - but this time it let us down.  The Bad: I'm not sure if we were there on an off night or what (quite possible when looking at photos from other reviewers) - but the food just wasn't good.  Given the reviews - we were very surprised.  We started with cornbread and biscuits for the table - they had little flavor and were so heavy and greasy that when we ordered our meal we said no thanks to the bread option.  I ordered fried chicken w/ mac&chs, butter beans & collards.  The greens were good - but that was pretty much it.  The chicken was dry, the mac&cheese had the same old-oil taste the bread had and the butter beans were okay for being out of a can, but nothing special.  A friend order a Salmon special and she said that was good so I wish I had ordered that instead.  The Good:  Service was good.  Attentive and friendly server took care of us.  The premise behind the restaurant is fabulous - giving back to the community.  But I would have rather given my $$ directly to their cause than spent it on the food.
2	My wife and I went to kings Kitchen about a year ago and had some of the best southern style food ever; fried chicken, collards, cabbage and mashed potatoes and gravy.  So, we were in town with some friends and on my recommendation we went there.  Later that evening our friends said next time they would pick the restaurant and that I put too much consideration into ambiance.The service was great and the  waitress was knowledgeable of the food and the beers.  But when my food arrives the drumstick seemed like it had been taken out from yesterdays cooking and microwaved.   The thigh was pretty good as was the rest of the plate but it was cold.  I don't understand it because the food was so great the last time.Hopefully the coldness of the food was a glitch... but a tough and tasteless chicken leg from a place that is suppose to specialize in fried chicken is unforgivable.
5	This was our first time in Charlotte and this restaurant. We must say that the food was excellent and beyond our expectations, mainly because the southern cuisine taste and style of cooking was prevalent in all dishes which we were seeking coming from ny as tourists. The fried chicken, mac cheese, potato gravy, and steak were all very well made and all in southern style of cooking. The portions are not too small or big but I would stay away from appetizers if you get heavier entrees like chicken or steak. The restaurant gets packed fast so you can either go early like we did at 6pm for dinner or make reservations. Clean, tasty food at good ambience restaurant. Well worth the trip and very reasonable prices.
5	How often do we support a great cause while dining? The food was awesome! Would love to see a drink menu but had a great choice of local beers. We will most certainly be back.
4	I really like this place. It has a really great vibe and I love supporting the community while getting great food! I highly recommend the friend flounder, collard greens & mac & cheese. delish!
5	Oh man, the food here is amazing!!!  Chicken and dumplings were awesome and different (dumplings were actually biscuit balls fried like a hushpuppy).  My friends both got the dark meat friend chicken and collard greens and both said it was the best they've ever had.  The only disappointment was the pimento cheese dip which was flavorless super soupy white liquid with a pepper stuck on top.  I'm pretty sure there was no cheddar in this at all, and there wasn't even enough cheese to make it taste like cheese!  Tasted like eating warm milk on stale bread pieces.  Luckily the chicken and friendly service (shout out to Charity!) made up for it.
4	This place definitely delivered when it came to my entree. I thoroughly enjoyed everything except the cornbread. The banana pudding was really bad so don't get that. I have not extensively explored Charlotte so this is my go to restaurant in Charlotte as of now. It's priced fairly and it provides a good traditional southern meal that's well executed.I can't wait to bring my friends here! I had the fried chicken meal with sides btw(photo attached).
5	Loved the food & ambiance. Everyone was extremely friendly. I will definitely go back over & over again especially since I know the proceeds go towards a good cause!
5	We went to King's Kitchen last night to celebrate my mother's birthday. What a wonderful experience! I cannot say enough good things about this place. The food was amazing! We did not feel rushed, and had a very relaxed dinner.The fried chicken was amazing, and the beets were fantastic! Stuart was a wonderful server! Thanks so much!!
5	I loved my experience! I have a gluten allergy and used to understanding every restaurant won't be able to accommodate me. This was an amazing experience! I loved my garlic chicken and they even allowed me to substitute some fresh kale! Amazing price and AMAZING service! Thank you Stuart for the great rest stop!
5	Soul food at its finest. I live in the neighborhood and have passed The King's Kitchen time and time again, so a few weeks ago I finally came in for lunch. It's in a great Uptown location just off Tyron and nestled on the corner across from the park. We sat along a window and ordered iced tea, received a variety of bread (love some cornbread!) and ordered our lunch entrees. I got flounder with a choice of 3 sides- I opted for mac and cheese, green beans and cole slaw. Y-u-m! The best part about King's Kitchen is that it's for a good cause- from the website:"We're a not for profit restaurant serving up southern cuisine made with fresh, local ingredients from right here in our community. And the proceeds go back to the community, helping to feed those in need. So, come on in. Because when you dine, the whole community thrives."I'm a big fan of supporting those in need, so King's Kitchen gets an extra star for this alone. Looking forward to my return!Fun tip: they have great pastries in the morning. My boyfriend got a spiced muffin and scones on his way to work- they should definitely advertise this, because they'd knock the competition out of the park.
2	Underwhelming. This is coming from a New York girl who came thinking she would finally indulge in some great southern cooking. Boy was I underwhelmed. This place was packed and I could not understand why. The portions were extremely small. The Mac and cheese was extremely bland. The catfish was extremely cheap and from the frozen food aisle of your local grocery. I don't recommend this place for any reason. Not one thing about this restaurant is good. I had better southern cuisine in my beloved New York City. :(
4	I really would give this a 4.5. My wife and I both got fried chicken and with all the sides it comes with, it was a decent deal. We both got mashed potatoes, collard greens, and mac and cheese. All of them were delicious. The biscuits were the best part. I really wish we had room for desert afterward because there were a few options which I'm sure would be great. On top of it all, it's in a good location. A block from the action, it's along Church Street where I usually can find a parking spot. We will be back for breakfast for those biscuits.
3	Looking for old fashioned soul food? You have defiantly found the right place. The fried chicken and cornbread was really good. Lots of sides to choose from.The service was good. Defiantly a good place for lunch if you are downtown!
3	Came for breakfast and it was pretty much as expected. Would recommend getting clarification on dishes. My wife ordered the parfait and the seasonal fruit ended up being apples. The Awaken Hash was well prepared but I didn't expect so many sweet potatoes. Quality and mission combined = really good place to eat.
4	We were a large party celebrating my grandmother's birthday. One reason we came was because of the generous background of the restaurant, and the fact that they use their profits for a good cause.They gave us a private area for our meal, which was really nice except that we were split into 2 tables. Our waitress was really nice and attentive, but slow. She struggled to open our wine bottles, but she worked really hard to please us. She had much more patience with my parents, who could not pick a wine, than I would have. She also lit the candles on the cake we brought in and cut it for us. I really liked her, even though she would disappear for a long time. We ended up spending 3 hours there for dinner.My food was good. I loved the cornbread, and the biscuits were great! I loved the moscato that we ordered by the bottle. I had the sweet potato fritters, which were really good especially with honey. I ordered the pork chop, which was good considering I don't usually eat that. I recently discovered brussel sprouts (because my mom didn't like them, I ate them for the first time this year at the age of 23!) and they were made with vinegar I believe, the macaroni and cheese was good, and I don't remember what else I had. The portion sizes were small, but really I think they're what normal people eat and we should stop expecting plates that feed 4. NC has a high enough obesity rate.
3	Typically pretty good. Hit or miss sometimes.
3	We started our meal with Sweet Potato Fritters and Hoppin John.  The fritters were served with honey as a dipping sauce and belonged on the dessert menu.  The Hoppin John was OK.However. for an entree I had the bone-in pork chop and it was fantastic!  SO incredibly juicy and flavorful.  I was a little surprised to see that of the 3 out of 4 people at my table that all ordered that, they were all a different size.  By quite a bit.  I was a little ticked that mine was the smallest by almost half of the gentleman's to my right.  I may be a lady, but I can eat and I am being charged the same.  They need to talk with their butcher or sell it market price by the ounce.
3	I'm a fan of the restaurant's mission. Food is excellent. Fried chicken is cooked old fashion in a cast iron skillet. Side dishes are delicious. At lunch, they used to serve you biscuits and corn bread before your meal. The cornbread is now served with the meal. So, I don't understand why they still give me a side plate. The prices are reasonable for dinner, but they're a bit steep for lunch. $15 for fried chicken plate, and $19 for salmon plate.
2	Came here on our first visit to NC from California, so I am not a local cuisine aficionado if you will. Our goal was to intake as much southern cuisine as possible, as this was the most "southern" state we had been to. With that in mind I ordered the shrimp and grits and my partner ordered the fried chicken. The shrimp were well cooked in a red sauce, but there weren't many and I didn't find the sauce anything extraordinary. I couldn't take the grits. They were just too thick, cheesy, and rich. I love cheese, it's one of my main staples but I couldn't handle these and my partner agreed. I would have much rather had her homemade white wine and garlic shrimp and grits, which are also a while lot healthier than the heart attack on a plate I had. She was also generally unimpressed with her fried chicken which also arrived a little cold. Fried chicken should be piping hot. The service was friendly and the place was very busy so it's clearly well liked, however, I would not go back.
4	I've been here a few times now and their food never disappoints.  The fried chicken is incredible as is the flounder.  Couple that with a few of their sides and someone is going to have to roll you out of the restaurant.  From a sides standpoint, the macaroni and collards are excellent.  They also have a solid pimento cheese dip as an appetizer.  I'm 100% confident that you could wear a blindfold while choosing your dinner and still leave happy.I love the whole concept of Kings Kitchen.  I'm always a big fan of restaurants giving back to the community in some way shape or form. As is the case with a lot of restaurants in Uptown, parking can be a pain.
5	Great place for classic southern food. Sides are great, collard greens, creamed corn, black eye peas. Fried chicken is a go to.
4	What a fantastic concept for a restaurant. Great cause, great food. Service was incredibly slow, I could have eaten my arm off, but the food was great.
2	What a bummer.  We were in town on a business trip and decided to check out The King's Kitchen based on some glowing Yelp reviews.  Unfortunately, it ended up being a complete fail.Shrimp and Grits:  The grits were lukewarm and clumpy.  The shrimp were small and lukewarm.  Vegetable Side:  SALTY.  Overcooked mush.Fried Oysters:  Decent, but some were a bit soggy.Hot Pimento Dip:  Probably the highlight of the meal.  Sweet Potato Fritters:  Awful.  All you could taste was clove(?).  The server was sweet, but seemed out of it.  Last but not least, the printed beer menu was ~80% wrong.  Instead of just telling us what was on tap, the server simply responded "sorry, we don't have that" to nearly every beer on the menu.  To get the REAL list I had to finally ask, "so can you just tell me what you do have?"  Pain in the ass.
4	So I yelped this place before coming to Charlotte on business and liked the idea that all the profits go to feed the hungry in town. When I went it was early in the night around 5 right when they open. I was the only one there and my server took the time to explain the whole story to me and provide recommendations for drinks and food. I could tell he was really passionate about the place and whether you're into the religious piece of it or not, it's a really great cause regardless. Then to top it off, the food was perfect. I started with the sweet potato fritters with honey and they were hot, crispy and perfectly fried (definitely sweet so if you'd prefer to start savory maybe start with something else, but they were great for me!) For my entree I got the fried chicken and three sides (collards which were awesome, black eyes peas and Mac and cheese). If I had to pick, I'd say I could have gone without the Mac and cheese but it's also because I ordered so much food! I would definitely recommend this place if you're in Charlotte looking for some high quality Southern food... And last, but most importantly, the homemade biscuits are worth going back for on their own and they offered me extra to take on the road.
3	The food is pretty simple, southern food, but the prices, environment, and decor seem more upscale. I guess I wasn't expecting that, but now that I visited their website, I get it. I did love the idea that the food and beer are local and profits are made into donations for charity.Our party had ordered the fried chicken plate, flounder, and shrimp&grits. The fried chicken was alright and the sides were hit or miss. I would have preferred more spices in the chicken. The flounder was pretty good as well. The shrimp and grits was a VERY small portion (a few pieces of small shrimp) and was the most expensive entree of our group. I'm glad I got the chance to check this place out, but I think I'll be looking for a more hole-in-the-wall southern food restaurant.
4	If you're in from out of town, King's is a no-brainer to put on your short list of places to eat: - great bar to post up and have dinner - Shrimp & Grits (A) - I don't think I've ever had Shrimp & Grits I've liked until I came here (Note: I know little to nothing about Southern cuisine) - Seared Scallops (A-) I was highly skeptical of NC scallops after growing up on New Bedford Scallops, excellent dish - perfect sear & we enjoyed Margaux's succotash - Fried Chicken (B) Good, but I wouldn't recommend it.  - Hot Pimento Cheese Dip w/ Kings Baguette (C+) - the only true miss
5	I'm visiting Charlotte for the week and someone suggested this place to me. I was pleasantly surprised! We started with the sweet potato fritters, I don't usually like sweet potatoes but these were delicious. Then I ordered the fried chicken with Mac and cheese, cabbage, an creamy potatoes. Every single thing was delicious! I ended up ordering an extra side of Mac and cheese. Having the biscuit on the side was the perfect way to end the meal. I would definitely return!
5	Another Fabulous dinner for 4! All different meals all great for a great price with great service. Not our first time here nor our last
5	Wonderful story, wonderful food, wonderful people. A little expensive for what it is but who cares anyway?
3	I don't eat southern food often but here on a business trip, I decided to get a taste of the local cuisine.  I had the calabash flounder which is served with cole slaw and fries.  I had sides of collard greens and potato salad with it when I misunderstood a mumbling waiter that sides were al a carte.  The collard greens were excellent!  The potato salad was a bust.  The calabash fish, fries and slaw were good but not extraordinary.  BTW, the mumbling waiter was a nice guy and the misunderstanding was as much a result of my old ears as his mumbling.  I'd eat here again.
3	Good, but not great, casual restaurant with abundant Southern fare, reasonable prices, and an admirable social mission to give Charlotte's homeless the chance to turn their lives around. I SO wanted to like this place more than I did ... but my order of fried chicken was dry, and the side of mashed potatoes lacked flavor. I'll pay King's Kitchen another visit sometime, because I believe the owners are doing a good work. They deserve all the support they can get.
1	Arrived. Seated. Waited. Waited. Told someone. Waited waited. No service. Told hostess on our way out. Didn't seem to care. Won't be back.
3	I was in Charlotte for a conference.  We ate at Kings Kitchen Wednesday night.  The food was good and we were all pleased with what we ordered.  I thought the portions were small for a "Soul Food" place but none the less it was filling.  We did not have desert because there was nothing that appealed to us.  Why no cobbler, sweet potato pie or even Red Velvet cake was odd to us but maybe they are not known for those offerings.Where it went bad was the SERVICE!  I gave it 3 stars only for the food The service was terrible.  We had an older gentlemen who acted as if were bothering him asking questions about the menu.  He took his time taking our order and was very slow on bring the drinks.  My friends ordered  wine and it was poured in a beer glass??? He never brought us water until we reminded him on his third trip to the table.  When he brought the food he smelled of cigarette smoke which meant he took some sort of break while our food was cooking.  Not exactable.  Makes me wonder if he even washed his hands upon his return.  Since his service was mediocre at best his tip reflected as such.  Not sure what was going on that night but they were not packed but full and did not seem to have a problem turning over tables but with that kind of service I will pass on my next visit to Charlotte.
4	If you like southern cooking, don't miss this place. The shrimp and grits were delicious
5	Great service and delicious food~ Love their buckwheat pancakes, scones, and fresh coffee!!!
4	King's is one of my favorite restaurants in Uptown. Great southern food including excellent, flavorful fried chicken.  Their mac and cheese is my second favorite in Charlotte.  They also had a solid burger, although it hasn't been on the menu recently.Good, casual atmosphere with patio seating.  King's also has a great bakery with solid chocolate chip cookies.100% of the profits go to charity.
2	poor service and 1/2 of the menu was "out of stock".Meh indeed
5	As far as food goes, I'd give this place 4 stars, but based on the service, it get's a golden review. KEN was our waiter and he did a damn fine job. My bf and I were flying out of Charlotte the following morning and decided to spend the evening walking around the city and grabbing some decent food and drinks. Ken made the experience a hundred times more pleasant than expected! He had the best recommendations for dinner - go with the mac n cheese for your side and crab cake for app! - and also he brought me 2 sav blancs to try before making a decision on which wine I had with my meal. The evening seemed a little slow and we enjoyed chatting him up about Charlotte's history and night life, etc. We really had a great evening and the food was yummy, but the service was unprecedented. Thanks, Ken!
2	Not as good as I expected. I ordered the fried oyster to start and was completely displeased. The service was not that great as well. Not returning anytime soon
4	Third time here from NYC and never disappointed!  Tonight I had the bone in pork chop. Made me soooooo happy! You must eat here when in Charlotte.
5	This place has an incredible story and mission. I've been here often and always enjoy my good but I enjoy the hope and encouragement my patronage brings to the staff. I had the pleasure of coming to the Kings a Kitchen with a Feast Food Tour and Chef Rob shared with us how he started cooking and how he got to the Kings Kitchen. His testimony was moving and the pimento cheese with smoky red peppers was AMAZING!!! They should sell that by the lb.
2	I really wanted to give this place a better rating, I really did.  The food at King's Kitchen is amazing (though a tiny bit pricey) and the restaurant seems to have a really great purpose.  However, after the treatment we got on our anniversary I doubt I'd ever go back.  My husband and I went to the restaurant to celebrate eleven years of marriage.  We were expecting a special event, especially after reading all the glowing reviews.  What we got was a waitress who treated us like dirt, while treating her only other table at the time like old friends.  We sat at our table, and when we saw a woman roll her eyes as she stared our way I whispered to my husband "Oh man.  I hope she's not our waitress.  She looks like she hates us already!"  Lucky us, here she came.  She said nothing about specials, gave us no suggestions, had to come back to hear our drink orders TWICE, and all we ordered was tea.  And ten minutes later, when a couple of women sat in her section across from us, we got the jealous privilege of watching her gush all over these ladies, telling them in detail the specials and what came with them, which dishes were good and even telling one of the women to try a dish she had told five minutes earlier me was SOLD OUT.  What?  And while our appetizer sat on the counter where we could see it, she held a ten-minute conversation with these ladies about the conference they were attending and oh my gosh, we're all from the same hometown?  What a coincidence!  Let's talk some more!  After that the loud PLUNK as our appetizer was carelessly thrown on our table was audible throughout the restaurant.  Before we could even request a refill on our tea, she was gone, back to finish the conversation our appie had so rudely interrupted.We didn't get our food for forty minutes, during which time we got to watch our neighbors, who arrived fifteen minutes after us, dig into two plates of delicious-looking food.  By the time we got our tepid but delicious meals we had already been in the restaurant for an hour and twenty minutes and we were actually feeling like nuisances.  We honestly should have complained to a manager, but we had to get to our other anniversary plans.  If I had it to do all over again I would have said something.  As it is they've lost us as customers.  If I'm going to pay that much for dinner, I'd like to be treated like a human being at least.  The funny thing is the ladies and that waitress had more than their hometown in common, and though I'd hate to think prejudice came into play, it seems to be a very plausible possibility.  I just don't know why a woman who is so friendly to other people could look at us and decide we were worthless scum without knowing us.  But that's what happened.  The difference in the way they were treated and the way we were treated was astoundingly obvious.
1	Who care if the profits go to charity! I am there to eat I pay for good food the food was over priced the food was god awful! They did not have beer or wine I asked for that was on there list! This place sucked ! The people who rated this place do they work there! I do not care about the mission or there story! I am there to eat! The food was awful! If you southern call this food funny! Close this place down look into the irs records just like PTL ! Shut it down put up some real food not this cow crap!
4	We were staying at the Marriott and just wanted something close. The food was amazing. I had the scallops - YUM! The service was great and the selection of craft beer and wines was awesome.
5	In town for a conference and checked Yelp for great local spots to eat. This place was recommended by the hotel staff and Yelp reviews only reinforced their recommendations. Atmosphere was great. Packed, but got seated quickly. Service was very friendly and suggested a couple specials. I had the pork chop dinner....it was incredible. The chop was so juicy. The polenta was great, and the glaze sealed the deal. Top 3 best meals of all time!! Im serious. The $9 house salad was disappointing (bland, no salt n pepper or flavor) with a ranch dressing that didnt come close to the flavor of ranch, more like a creamy herb I couldnt identify.  But I tell you, the pork chop meal completely made up for it. My colleagues got the gumbo and said it was really good, as well as the fried chicken. I very well may go there again tomorrow because it was that good!!
4	I have only ever been here for lunch so that is what the review is based off of. I will start off by saying I am going to bump my review up a notch due to the story behind Kings Kitchen. I highly support their mission and the fact that they are not for profit, give jobs to those who might not be able to get employment to past circumstances, and give back to the community in many ways. It is such a great idea and I wish that it would catch on more!We got deviled eggs to start. They were good deviled eggs! For my entree I got a chicken salad sandwich and a side of mashed sweet potatoes. The food itself was good and I was happy. It wasn't the best I have ever had but it was good. The menu was a little limited and I would like to see it expanded. Maybe there are more dinner options though so can't complain. The service was excellent and I like the location/feel to the restaurant itself. I suggest stopping by here to support the community and give it a try!
5	Absolutely DELICIOUS! I was only in town for two days, and I went here for dinner. I had the warm cabbage salad, fried oysters, and brownie cheesecake, which was all amazing - so good I decided to go back for lunch the next day! I had the friend chicken sandwich (SO tasty), black eyed peas (fine, but nothing exciting), cornbread (good), and the sorbet for dessert, which was tasty! The mission behind the restaurant is really awesome, and I was glad to support them in their work.
1	Went there again with some friends wanted to try it so one more go! I said wow wanted to throw that crap on the floor !  I pray I will not go there again ! The deviled eggs were so very bad had to go to the bathroom to spit it out! The story behind it darling go to the Sunday service to see how they help the homeless close this place down! I would love to rip that off over your door jim! My grandmother told me to watch out for folks who did for there own gain! I pray the irs looks into you!
5	Found this place by chance (just down from my hotel) and what a find!  Many local beers on tap and a knowledgeable wait staff about them.  Also the menu and its service was superb.  I usually dine alone and did not feel uncomfortable at all.  My meal was well paced by the wait staff.  While it was a quiter night (not as packed as other reviewers have mentioned) they did a great job of pacing the food with me and not making me dine at the pace of the kitchen.  Can not wait for my next business trip to Charlotte to go here again!
4	Amazing people! Amazing food!
4	The apps and entrees is where it's at here at The King's Kitchen.  We got the sweet potato fritters and pimento cheese.  Both were nice and fresh and filled with flavor.  I also got a cup of the gumbo which was pretty stellar.I ordered the Southern Risotto and the Hubby got the pork chop.  Both were the perfect combo of savory with a hint of salt. My cousin got the shrimp and grits.  She's a pretty particular eater, and being from up north, was not sure what grits was all about but low and behold, she loved it! The staff could not have been nicer, and truth be told, I really appreciate their mission.  I would certainly come here more often if it was a bit closer to us.  We did get two desserts to try at the end- brownie cheesecake and banana cream pie.  Really fun looking, but both were lacking in flavor for this girl.
1	Wow I got a email from a worker from this place! I shall not go back there I was not planning on it! I was told if I wanted beer or wine go somewhere eles! Wow It looks like I am going to have to block this person!
