5	Oink, oink! If you love pork this is the place to go! They have pretty much anything pork and at extremely fair pricing. They also have bbq pulled pork by the pound as well as ready made green chile burros. Let me tell you what, the green chile burro was so darn good that we ran back in there and bought 4 more! They use corn fed all natural hogs from the Midwest and smoke and cut on premises. The place is seriously awesome!We bought.. Baby Back Ribs (The meatiest Ive ever seen, seriously!)St Louis Style RibsSmoked HamhocksJalapeno Bologna (nothing like the stuff from the store)Pork Roast (Having tonight with white bean puree and acorn squash)5 Green Chile Burros1LB of BBQ Pulled PorkPeppered BaconOld Fashioned Hot DogsSpent only 90 bucks!! Oh were set on pork for a long time to come..Woooooo Pig Sooie!
5	When we found out that Matt's Big Breakfast gets their thick-cut bacon and breakfast sausages from The Pork Shop, we decided to check it out.  It was opened in 1979 by a long time hog farmer.  They brown sugar cure and hickory smoke their bacon and hams in their own smoke house.  Just as Alex said, this place sells pork in every cut and possible form.    We bought the peppered bacon, jalapeno bologna, russian salami (contains caraway seeds), capicola (sliced thin and recommended by owner to be eaten like proscuitto) and a hamhock.  They'll cut you a slice of any cured meat to taste before buying.  We also got a 1lb of free bratwurst with a coupon we picked up at Queen Creek Olive Mill.If you want something hot to eat right there, they have green chile burros and pulled pork with beans.  The only seating is outdoors.We dropped by the Guadalupe Farmers' Market on the way home and bought some tomatoes and local lettuces.  Together with the lemon pugliese we bought from Bread & Cie in San Diego, we made the best BLT ever.  The bacon rocked!
5	I'm one of the fortunate ones that live pretty close to The Pork Shop.  If I didn't, I'd definitely drive out on Saturdays.  The products are very fresh and priced lower than the large grocery stores.  My kids love the snack sticks (same style as a slim jim) and I'm totally sold on the bratwurst and bacon!  I went and got the baked beans for a pot luck and was the hit of the party.  Everyone was asking me where I got the beans.  They put at least 4 different kinds of beans in there along with some smoked bacon!  Do yourself a favor and head over there soon.
5	Driving to Queen Creek for "poryk bits".. well we both love pork and were both low carb'n so we go to the Pork Shop once every 2 months or so to stock up on "porky bits", pepper bacon (the same they use at Matt's Big Breakfast), chops, sausages, brats, salami, roast, ribs etc.. all the parts and bits of the pork that taste great.. if you eat pork this is the place to go! Its mad and quite delish! A cool thing, you can order a head and pick up, see latest menu as of 1/24/08 in photo section! Also, dont forget to try a green chile burro, smoked pork in a spicy green chile sauce, amazing! They also just added BBQ pork burritos as well.. If you ever dream of pork.
5	You can't beat the quality of  The Pork Shop , and the prices aren't bad either.  After  visiting the Olive Mill ,  we stopped by on Alexander C.s recommendation. From the moment we pulled up we were in Hog Heaven. Great smoky smells were in the air and the parking lot was full. We went in and found some tasty pork. They have everything  from the pig here, lots of flavors of bacon, sausage, pancetta, ground pork and blends , lean looking cuts of chops and ribs .I even picked up a loin end roast  that made a tasty dinner.  We definitely plan on coming back and definitely are impressed.By the way Jason was a doll and super helpful! Their whole staff went out of there way to give great service!
3	I know the swine flu is raging, but I don't care-I went to the Pork Shop over the weekend and hey....EVERYONE OVER TO MY HOUSE FOR BBQ RIBS!!!!!!!!!!  :)This is three and a half stars, the owner is just great what a character with his boisterous laugh and handlebar mustache (sp??).  He is a great butcher, the back ribs are just a tad shy of crown pork roast, loin chops are awesome, and the pepper bacon is not what you're used to but also quite good.  This is stuff you just cannot find at your local grocery.I've tried several of their sausage varieties (certainly not all), the brats are good but that is about the only bright spot that I've found so far unfortunately.  I adore sausages, I make my own even, so I'm probably a little more critical than I should be.  I'm sorry but they quite simply lack the big bold flavors that good sausages should (and lesson one is SALT!!).  Charcuterie this place ain't...You know what they say about opinions....
5	Huzzah!It's a very good thing we don't live closer to The Pork Shop because this place was like swine heaven for me and I'd be there all the time. Not only were there myriad meat samples, but they cut your bacon to order. I asked for mine to be a little thicker than corregated cardboard. You know, just for a goof. They did it. Now, I'll by the one in the elevator with my raw, unwrapped bacon making people salivate on my back. Take that, Betty.Oh, and they have a huge LP tank painted pink with a snout, so you can have your pig and eat it too.
5	This place has sooo much good pork.  If you want something that is pork or made from pork, you'll probably find it here and it'll be good.
5	The Pork Shop is a real find for folks who enjoy pork (fresh, smoked, and cured). Nothing fancy, it's all about the pork, not the shop.I highly recommend to all!!!Last visit was today, we bought a pound and a half of cubed pork butt (shoulder)  that my wife is using to make carne adovada, with "Pig Boy Willy" seasoning from Chimayo, NM which I picked up in Santa Fe. That adovada's cooking as I write this; the aroma is SO GOOD.(Google "Pig Boy Willy" if you love the taste of adovada).We also picked up some bacon, sage breakfast sausage links, bratwurst, beans flavored with peppered bacon, and a couple of green chile pork burritos. Our daughter and son-in-law picked up some shredded BBQ pork and brats. AWESOME!!!!!
5	I really love this place, the meat taste fresh and tasty. You can call ahead and they will have your order all ready for you.  The bacon is heavenly andso is the sausages.They are offering  Whole Smoked Turkey and Smoked Christmas hams , put  your order in now!
5	Still  good enough to make you squeal!! And here is a handy tip...call ahead of time and reserve your bacon ..yes they can run out bacon..and nobody wants  to run out of bacon.  Love their chops ,country style ribs, beans and of course  bacon! Try the peppered bacon when you want to get  little heat.  I never will get tired of The Pork  Shop.
5	If you live in Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area, why would you ever buy your pork from the local grocery store. This is truly Pork Heaven. They offer any pork you could ever want. From ribs, to chops, to bacon, to brauts, to sausages.  Perhaps the best is the stuffed loin roast wrapped in bacon.  Put it in the oven for 30-45 mintues and pull out a roast that melts in your mouth.If you happen to be lucky enough to go there on a Saturday when they are offering dollar brauts, you can have a snack before you get on the road again.  October they offer dollar brauts every Saturday.  And now found out they offer the same every Saturday in March.  Too bad I didn't find out until just this weekend!!!If you go on a dollar braut day, plan on standing in line for a few minutes.  Many others have found this secret.  The short wait is worth it.  While your there, don't hesitate to try the samples they set out too. It's not really a restaurant. So if you are going there thinking that you can get food, forget it.  But on special times you can get brauts. And they always offer green chile burritos.  If you are not local, come down anyway. Bring your cooler and stock up.  You will never get better quality pork products in the grocery store.  Don't forget to try their custom sausages.Can't wait for October and dollar brauts again!!!
5	The best think I like about this place is they don't put too much salt in the brats and sausages.  The flavors of the meat, spices and smoking come out much better.  Plus, it's, in an odd way, healthy for me.  My doctor wants me to lower my salt intake.  Since the meat is so fresh, high levels of salt are not needed to preserve the meats.I like the leaner sausages and bacon (thicker cuts too).  It's worth the drive.  If you go once, you will return.They don't take Discover Card, but I can live with that.
5	I've been shopping at the Pork Shop for 4 years. Their prices are about what you'd pay at the grocery store but the product is so much better! They have wonderful specials and delectable pork products. We are big fans of their hot foods (Smokey Baked Beans with Pepper Bacon, Pulled Pork, BBQ Smokey Ribs, Green Chili Burritos, and my favorite BBQ Pork Burritos). Their brats can't be beat and their roasts and hams make every occasion special. Say Hi to Jason and Val when you go.
3	Wow, the smell here is what every BBQ joint should aspire to.  And the checker with the Rollie Fingers handlebar mustache is what every guy should aspire to.Bought the most beautiful big pork chops I've seen in decades.  Don't know how they taste, but they elicit anticipation.  Also saw a package of green chile brats, and had to have them.  My wife bought thick cut bacon for a special event she will be catering, and I expect to be amazed.  Unfortunately, this is not the kind of bacon we were expecting, and it turned out to be more akin to bacon-sized strips of pork chop.  This tastes nothing like you would assume bacon would taste like, and they should have relayed that fact.  This is why they are getting 3 stars instead of 4.Every Saturday in October, they are going to be grilling & selling their fresh hot dogs in a bun for only a buck.  Stop in with a loved one and gorge yourselves.
5	This is a must if you find yourself in the area. We swung by at my dads insistence (also since he was driving we didn't have much say). But I am happy we stopped. He got his fresh sliced bacon.They had some pulled pork green chili burritos which the lady waiting on us bragged about how good they were since she made them, well when someone brags like that you gotta have one and boy are we glad we did. The burrito rocked!
5	You gotta love the Pork Shop. I lived about half a mile from the shop and my wife would go there at least once every 2 weeks. We like the bacon, green chili and chili beans. And of course, I am sure the rest are pretty good as well. Can't wait to try them all.
5	I had their ham at an event that I went to and have eaten their products at Matt's Big Breakfast. It being Christmas and feeling like a nice ham I thought; why not? Dialed the address into the GPS thing into my car and about passed out when it said I had 52 MILES to go EACH WAY! Oh well, it's Christmas and I have the day off. I had called a few days earlier and reserved a full bone-in ham. It took an hour each way... Was it worth it? Oh INDEED! The place is in the middle of nowhere. It was rocking and rolling with people, but the staff were fast and very friendly. Everyone seemed to be having a good time testing all the samples and laughing with the staff. It had a wonderful homey vibe to the place. It was a fun adventure and the folks there, despite being jammed, made me feel like an old friend. Now, how was the ham? Brilliant! Nicely smoked, not overly salted, it was a piece of art. It was perfect and my guests were astounded that ham could taste so good. The ham was great, but the real surprise was the green chili burro. Meaty, fresh tasting, just enough heat and flavor to compliment the packed, tender pork. 52 miles one way-make it 100 and I would still go! A gem.
4	For some reason when I think of the Pork Shop I'm reminded of George Martin and his unheralded but incredible work producing Sgt Peppers. So many Phoenix restaurants, like the Beatles, get  the credit for their creations and deservedly so. But behind those menus are great places like the Pork Shop that provide them with the right ingredients to turn their dishes platinum.  Also, the place has the most incredible Green Chile burritos.  Make the long, long drive out there and see for yourself.
5	I got the stuffed pork loin and it was amazing!!!  The sausages of all and every kind are wonderful!!!!  Chorizo is spicy hot but wonderful taste!  Western sage sausage has a great flavor and perfect with eggs....  Love my pork porterhouse pork chops!  They are Iowa chops that are so thick with excellent flavor....  Snack sausages are perfect for any party...  Prices are a little more but worth every penny....
2	I didn't get what all the hype was about.  I bought some sausage from there to make at home for breakfast.  It was not that special to me.  The ready to eat food they have was ok, but if you are going to eat it there, you have to do so in the dusty parking lot.  There are only a few tables so you will probably end up sitting on a haybale.  If this is suppose to be quaint, it was all lost on me.  I don't get all the 4 and 5 stars.
3	To-go pork products are good - but spendy. Dont go for lunch/dinner. Heat lamp burritos with a bit extra. It's like a butcher shop that only has pork.
4	The Pork Shop is a humble place with an amazing selection of pork. If you are a fan of The Splendid Table and love the adventures of Jane and Michael Stern on NPR, this shop is a must do! Not only do they have green chili burritos to go but the menu is so large that unless you don't eat pork you can not leave without buying something. The Hot Italian Sausage is the best I have ever found. It is lean and flavorful and extremely clean tasting. The "sticks" (think slim Jim's) are available it 8 varieties and they usually have them as a sample. The flavor, texture and visual aspect of them make them perfect for a snack or sliced for an appetizer. They even work well sliced the long way on a baguette for a sandwich instead of lunch meat. Bacon, roasts, ribs, salami, you name it is all there in this clean, well lit and very organized shop. As for eating there, you have a choice of picnic tables outside. I prefer the one under the pecan tree. If you like "real Arizona" like it was 20-30 years ago in the east valley, this is the place.
5	The aroma as I stepped out of the car was enticing. The atmosphere of the shop is exactly what one would hope for in a small town, natural pork shop. Samples on the counter were yummy and a nice way to try something new. Selection was great. I picked up two end pork loins to make homemade pulled pork, a frozen rolled loin for later, maple sausage for breakfast tomorrow and piggy ears for my dog - whose disappearance means they are good and he doesn't want to share. Glad they had the buns I forgot at the grocery store and the green chili burrito is as good as they say. All being said, I walked out for all this at $50, which was a little high - but for natural pork which is IMPOSSIBLE to find, I paid it. I hate the "solution of phosphates", blah blah blah added to grocery pork. I was surprised the burrito was $4.50 when I looked at the receipt at home. Still, good food, great service and supporting a local business is worth it!
5	We went out to the Schnepf Farm Peach Festival a few weeks ago. It was a bust. Hard little green peaches and some very sad captive animals were detractors from the pleasant scenery. Since we had driven all the way to the other side of the valley, we decided to look around. We stopped by the Queen Creek Olive Mill and picked up some nice olive oil and fig balsamic vinegar. Seeing a sign for the Pork Shop, we drove a few miles further down the road. We bought a several items including Fat Tire Beer brats, pepper cured bacon and some breakfast sausage. We also indulged in a couple of hot burritos they sell there out of a little warming cabinet behind the counter. The burritos were very distinctive, smokey and juicy. We ate the brats right away. They were definitely some of the better brats we've gotten in AZ. The seasoning was just right. Now, for the big deal... I just made the pepper cured bacon today. Hands down, the best bacon I've ever had. It was very tender, had the slight bite of cracked black pepper balanced by a very subtle sweetness. I baked mine in the oven at 375 for about 20 minutes and it was perfectly crisp. I wish The Pork Shop was a lot closer so I could stock up more often. This just may be the impetus needed to make me go buy that extra fridge for the garage. Making a "bacon run" to Queen Creek with a cooler soon!
5	these guys have a great selection of pork product green chilie and fat tire beer brats,great bacon,pork chops,roasts. i wish they did prochutto ........hint hint  well worth the drive and all well priced
4	I can see The Pork Shop from my in-laws house! A trip to AZ wouldn't be complete without a least 1 trip, most of the time 2 trips to The Pork Shop.I can only wish that we had a place like this in the S.F. Bay Area. They care about their product and it shows. Plenty of samples. The visit wouldn't be complete without The Pork Shop.We always bring home something home from The Pork Shop. Chipotle Bar-b-que sauce this time!
4	I'm taking a break from this place currently. Only because it's getting a little expensive to go here. The food is really good. So everytime I go here just to get one thing as soon as I smell the place I walk out with ten things. It can be a little pricy though but it's worth it to support a local business.
5	This place is pork heaven.  Great local place to stock up on your pork products.  Bacon is among the best I have ever had.  Ham is terrific.  I tried a bbq pork burrito and it was delicious.  Also got beer brats here and they were great.     So much better than anything you'll get at a grocery store.  I have not yet tried the ribs and can't wait.  Will definitely pick up some baby backs next time I'm there.If you live in the Queen Creek/San Tan area and want to pick up some terrific pork products this place is a must go.
1	I went there at the suggestion of a friend. She said the ham was the best. Because it was a holiday, I called the day before to place an order. The lady who answered the phone said "oh, there are plenty of hams here. Come on down." I asked when the best time to come without a line and she said in the mornings.The next morning, I arrived around 11:30 a.m. Drove an hour to get there. The staff behind the counter asked "Do you have an order?" When I said no, they explained that they were out of ham and pork loin. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. Spent a lot of time (2 hours round trip) and who knows how much gas to get there. I won't go back. Ever.
4	Stopped here on the way to the Ren. Festival and I can't wait to go back. While their I had the green chili burrito which was fantastic along with a brat that was very tasty as well. I also took some of the Sun Devil sticks and green chili brats home with me. The sticks are coated in crushed red pepper but have enough flavor that it doesn't taste like pure fire. The flavor of the meat and spices comes through nicely. The brats i cooked up with some onions and a bit of beer and were fantastic. Good snap, great flavors from the chunks of chilies that were in it. I wish I had got some bacon though as my friends did and they kept raving about it. Only knocks on the place is that it is so far out and the prices are a bit on the higher side but still worth it in general. I am already working on an excuse to get back out that way so I can try some chops and bacon.
5	We've made several trips to the pork shop and have never been disappointed. Most recently, we've tried their country ribs.  They were amazing!  Just a little bit of seasoning and a little sauce and grilled to perfection...they were a huge hit for the Mother's Day crowed at our house!  The ribs are definitely a do-over, but really, anything we've purchased from them has been very, very good.
4	This is a great shop for anything "pork."  Tony Bourdain would love it here!It is one of the few neat places in San Tan Valley, and certainly one of the best places to get local food - Prices are high, but quality is high as well.The Pork Shop can (and will) be BUSY!  Especially on the weekend.  Be prepared for long lines - Surprising that they do not open a bigger place with better parking and more staff......4/5 stars.
5	I just found this place.  Excellent selection of all things pork.  Helpful and polite staff that knows all the products. Check out the smoked sausages in many wonderful and delicious flavors. No fancy bells and whistles of a gourmet butcher shoppe here, but the product of good meat, well cut and prepared is worth every penny.  It is always nice to find a little gem like The Pork Shop.  These kinds of old fashioned American businesses are far and few between in our modern culture of big rectangular epic shopping corporations where the food is chemically processed and packaged to facilitate consumerism and profits instead of QUALITY.  Just good food and great people at this country butcher shop.
4	Went back here again and now they make beef  bricket . It wasent to bad. I paid I think around $4.50 for it, and it was enough for I would say one person.
5	Been comin here for awhile. Just found out the make the best Brisket in the Valley. I'm in love.All of thier raw meats are amazing as well Sausages and Burritos that are to die for. Many things frozen as well. Dog treat etc.The main place this shines to me personally is the pulled pork and the ready made Brisket but they are definitely known for selling raw meats. Good folks.
5	Went for the first time this week and really liked The Pork Shop!  The ladies running the shop were very friendly and helpful.  All things pork!  Be aware that if you want to purchase the half hog special you will need to order in advance.
5	One of the best perks of moving to San Tan Valley / Queen Creek for us was having this fabulous meat shop just a few minutes down the road. My husband had been going to the Pork Shop for years since he worked in the area, but sent me there for the first time a year or two ago. I was amazed at the seemingly endless cuts of meat and selection they have available.The people who work at the Pork Shop all know their trade and are extremely helpful. Don't know much meat to buy? Just ask. They haven't steered us wrong yet.Tired of those boring dry, spiral cut hams for your holiday events? Call up the Pork Shop and reserve a delicious, juicy ham that will cause you never to go back to that more well-known place.
5	Can't say enough good about this place.  Boyfriend introduced the Pork Shop to me about a year ago when he prepared their stuffed pork loin for dinner. I was blown away and have been hooked ever since.From the moment you exit your car in the parking lot, the delicious aroma of their smoked meats and fresh pulled pork barbecue starts the mouth watering.  Especially good are their freshly-made brats in a variety of flavors such as Green chile, cheese, jalapeno and Fat-tire beer brats.  Try the bacon...leanest I've ever prepared and their butcher-case selection of fresh pork cannot be beat!We are so fortunate to have this little gem right here in San Tan Valley!!
5	Holy Pork! Yeah I said it. Because there are no cow products or beef here that I have seen.  I love the snack sticks, the only one I did not like were the jalapeno cream cheese, it had a mushy consistency on the inside. The snap when you bite is awesome, but the inside was just off.  Loved the spiceyness just dont care for the cream cheese part. Even though I love cream cheese.  What I do love is the Green chili ones! Those are absolutely amazing.  I also bought some bacon, that was amazing, and still have yet to get my grill working to try out the brats! will update this when I try everything else that I had bought.  :)So far I am in Love with this place just hate how far it is from me in chandler :(
5	This is one of my favorite sausage places in town. It is a little bit of a drive but well worth it. Trust me. Go check it out. Easy to drive past. Just look for the Pink Propane Pig out front.I have been eating there fantastic products for several years now. It started when my Boss started giving us their yummy Smoked Hams for the holidays and has continued to this day. I have tried a lot of their goodies and have not found anything I do not like.My personal favorites are all of their tasty Snack Sticks and any of their Smoked Bacon. The sausages, lunch meats and an assortment of hand trimmed pork cuts are also awesomely good. Always sample trays on the counter to try out something different.Just happen to be working on a project today nearby so I tried the Green Chile Pork Burrito that they have ready to grab and go. It just melted in my mouth. Also picked up some Peppered Bacon and some spicy AZ Sun Devil Snack Sticks. Oh BOY!Place can get real busy and they can sell out of certain things on occasion. Closed on Mondays and Tuesdays. Simply phenomenal. Road trip anyone?
5	Making BBQ pork ribs for dinner tonight . . . and nothing compares to the pork from here . . . fresh, tasty, and priced right.  Had to pick-up some meat stick also . . . they smelled so good . . . I had to have one before I got home.The place is small, but the employees are very helpful, and they move you in and out very quickly . . . returning is inevitable . . . next time I will be cooking with pork.
5	Some women like to browse in shoe stores; others enjoy a leisurely stroll through a home decor outlet. For me, a shopping trip doesn't get any better than The Pork Shop. It's worth the hour-and-a-half drive from the west valley. If it comes from a pig, you will find it here, and it's the highest quality corn-fed Midwestern pork that ever melted on a human tongue.Roasts! Ribs! Chops! Rib Chops! Hams! Hot Dogs! Snack sticks! Sausages! Brats! Bologna! Salami! Even treats for your four-legged friends. If you're feeling really piggy (ha, ha) and have a big enough freezer, The Pork Shop will cut and wrap a half hog for only $219.00. That's six pounds of bacon, 24 chops, a rack of spare ribs, two country ribs, a loin roast, a smoked bone-in ham, a smoked picnic ham, and 18 pounds of your choice of sausage, mix and match. That's enough pork to last a family of four for several months, or my swine-loving family of two through a couple of weekends.
5	This place is awesome, Great meats, good prices. I don't get my pork at chain stores anymore I come here, the quality is way above store bought meats.
5	Driving up to the unassuming building on a dirt lot in the middle of nowhere in Queen Creek, AZ, I wasn't expecting much. I even asked my wife if she was sure she really wanted to give it a go, she did, so we walked up, dusted off our shoes, then opened the door to that "HALLELUJAH!" soundtrack heard so often in movies. The smell... oh my goodness that smell. Imagine all of the very best parts of every barbecue joint you've ever been to jammed into one smallish shop, every whiff tantalizing your mind with thoughts of gluttonous rages... it's incredible. The staff quickly do what they can to break your trance, they're used to it by now and very friendly, I felt immediately like family... family who likes each other. You HAVE GOT to try a barbecue burrito if they're available, we not only split three ourselves but also took home four more to give to my family as presents. The jalapeno cream cheese snack sticks are great little munchies and the peppered bacon was without question the best bacon I have ever had, I didn't realize a slice of bacon could be so far superior to another. The prices are relatively low, especially for what you're getting out of it, I just wish it was closer to me... I wonder if a place like this would make it in downtown Tempe...
3	The smell is so good you have to stop. They give free samples before buying.
5	Yum, Yum, Yum! Pork, pig in any form you can think of. We went to get the green chile burrito a friend of my husband recommended but in the end bought much more. The burrito was delicious. We ate it outside at tables under a huge tree in their lot. Then we went back inside and bought pork chops, bratwurst (spicy and cheddar) bacon, spicy and hot meat sticks and even pecan brittle with bacon. I have never had such tender pork chops we just grilled them outside with salt & pepper. I don't know what their secret is but they were amazing. The meat sticks taste GREAT but I have a sneaking suspicion they may use MSG or just way too much salt. The brats were delicious, very cheesy. Then there is the bacon....The BACON, the BACON, OMG The BACON. Thick peppery pork belly brilliance. Happiness in a salty porky slab. Greasy yet happy lips. My house smells like happy yet slight chubby familiness. You don't know bacon until you have had The Pork Shop bacon. Start the drive now and be there as soon as you can. You NEED this bacon. Just buy enough that you will not want to hoard from others, this is divorce material. Share!I can't wait to get a smoked ham for the holidays. And more bacon.
4	Fine porky goodness. The Pork Shop sells high quality cuts of pork products such as chops, ribs, various sausages, and bacon. We stopped by and browsed through their selection. Sadly, all the peppered bacon was sold out, but we did pick up a package of jalapeno bacon, some linguisa, andouille sausage, and ordered 2 pulled pork burritos while we were there. The jalapeno bacon was thick cut, and just divine. When pan fried, there was a kick of spice from the jalapeno, and the flavors were deep, rich and smoky, and not overly salty like how cheap bacon can taste. We tried the samples of linguisa and knew we needed to get some! The pork burritos were a good price for what you get ($4.30). We tried one of each: A green chile burrito and bbq pork burrito. The green chile was so full of flavor. It is how green chile burritos are supposed to taste like! The bbq pork was very nice as well, with pulled pork mixed with the rich, dark, sweet bbq sauce they sell. We were pretty full after eating the burritos, and there are some seats outside for you to munch on your food.Service was cheerful and friendly. Overall, a good experience, but be sure to get there early if you want certain popular items!
5	We have had quite a few sausages/brats here, as well as the bacons and breakfast sausage, the beans, the burritos.  They are all great.  Be careful not to overcook the brats, they are big and juicy but if you overcook they dry out fast.  When we go I ussually get the green burrito, it is really good and a great lunch in the car on the way home. This place is out there a ways, if it was closer to me we would probably go a lot more.
5	As good as all the hype says. I died and went to pig heaven. Since I don't eat beef, this was my version of Mecca.  A whole place dedicated to the pig. Drrrroooolll...Great little place with pretty much anything. Beware the employee Mariah (sp?) though. Once you ask her a question on what's good, she could sell you the whole store. She's passionate about her job and knows her stuff. You won't be steered in the wrong direction which would be a bad thing for your wallet. Got a lot more things than I was planning that's for sure. For a quick munchie, try their green chile burrito that sits in a warming oven. It's pre-made but good. Spicy which is unusual for green chile anything.
2	Sadly its starting to go downhill. This used to be our go to spot for Brisket every weekend. Now they must be letting some new guys run the place or something because the Brisket is sliced WRONG.Brisket can only be sliced 1 direction or its ruined! Get your stuff together folks.
5	An epic porcine discovery!  I only happened upon this place because of a flyer we picked up at the Queen Creek Olive Mill.  My fellow traveler and I are fans of all things meaty and delicious, so this seemed an appropriate destination during our exploratory roadtrip of the Queen Creek environs.Most authentic andouille sausage I have found in Arizona! I whipped up some jambalaya with the coiled porky goodness I procured at The Pork Shop and it made the dish sing!  I have often been troubled by the tendency of lesser meat purveyors to sell what they call "andouille" when, in fact, it is not.  The Pork Shop's version will steer you right.  This is a proper emulsified sausage with the correct proportions of smoke and spice including a touch of cayenne and bay leaf.I'm sure the bacon and all of the other offerings are fantastic (and I will indeed return to shop for fine charcuterie here), but I can only report on what we sampled.  The green chile pork burrito, served ready-to-eat, is bomb-diggity.  Shredded, well-seasoned pork, chewy tortilla, green chile.  It's worth stocking up on these and storing 'em in the freezer because once you've tried them, you WILL crave them!Honorable mention goes to the meat sticks. We only tried the jalapeno and cream cheese version, but that was enough to sell me on the tastiness of these snacks.  They had some of these cut up in the store for samples, but I did not get a good first impression.  The key (as advised by the friendly store staff) is to heat these up ever-so-slightly to release the flavors.  A few seconds in the microwave at home and I became a believer!May the power and the glory of pork be with you...
5	bacon! bacon! bacon! and every other kind of bacon!
5	The Pork Shop is pretty far out of my way but have a dinner party to go to next weekend and having a "ham off" with my friend, who is hosting the party and well, if you are going to win in ham off then a store bought chunk of porcine goodness just won't do, one has to go handmade and thus, this Saturday, I did a long drive with my father, out to the mecca of cured meats for all of greater Phoenix, the pork shop. It gets pretty crowded on the weekend so a good way to keep things efficient is to order your main items ahead of time (like ham and X pounds of the various types of bacon) and then you can look around a bit for odds and ends - I will say the pork shop is both a butcher shop, pretty much all pork, but I go for the cured meats. In addition, if you want to make friends in the office, let them know you are going in and they can call ahead and pay with a credit card and you can pick up their orders when you pick up your own. Hopefully, when they have time to drive all the way out there they can return the favor right?My favorites are the Tuscan bacon (the most spicy) and the pepper bacon - get the regular slice which is medium thick and much better than the thin, moist slices one finds in the traditional, store bought bacon packages. I'd also recommend throwing in a bag of bacon ends as they make a wonderful additional to southern greens, pinto bean cooking, you name it. Oh, it is not too far from the Queen Creek Olive Mill so if you go here stop there as well for a foodie twofer. :-)
1	This review is for my last experience. Felt kinda like I got the run around. I came in looking for pork shoulder, Didnt see it, they had loin end on sale. I asked if it was similar and instead of getting an answer I got a 6 lb pork shoulder. She rang me up, which is when I found out that 1) the pork shoulder is twice as much and 2) if you're slow cooking (which is what I was doing) either cut is fine. Nice to tell me that after you take my money
1	I opened the door and was greeted by the f-word.  I guess it was the owner (waxed mustache) was going on about some story of his band.  Every sentence had a f and or s-bomb spoken quite loudly.   The guy would have been obnoxious and offensive in a bar at closing time.  At noon on Sunday it was inexcusable.  I won't be going in again.
5	This is my favorite bacon, hands down. It is worth the drive to come out here and stock up. The owner is very friendly and the selection is high quality!
5	This is where I do to get my Green Chili Burrito fix.  They are the BEST.  I also love the Green Chili pork sticks.  They are perfect for long car rides or hikes.  The owner is super cool, too.  It's worth the drive!
5	This place rocks. It's a super popular shop over where I live and for good reason: They make and sell some of the best pork products I've ever had. They have everything from snack sticks (like long, thin sausages that they cook you can eat whenever- tons of flavors) to a half-hog deal.where you get a half hog's worth of meat.Samples are always open and the place is a little crowded and chaotic due to all the business but don't let that scare you away. It's so worth the trip.I personally love their green chili burrito, maple sausage, bacon bratwurst, farmer's bologna, baked beans, and black pepper snack sticks. But really, everything I've had I love (which is a lot.) However these are just some things I love more than the rest due to my own taste preferences.
1	Marginal at best, if you think this place is great you have never lived in the Midwest. I went there for Summer Sausage ad it was a disgrace. No natural casing, I could have went to the mall or Frys and got me some you my Hillshire Farms. Horrible Summer Sausage.The Liverwurst was another disgrace to all that is liver.Sorry guys, you really let this Southern Illinois boy down.  And to the people that think this place is great, I am truly sorry for your taste buds.
4	I moved to this area last year and decided to check funny looking (Giant Pink Hog) shop out!  We are sold!!  I get my bacon and sausage here and my family loves it!!  It is definitely a treat when we need pork products to get them here! They are usually busy crazy, but it's kinda fun and exciting for this area to have a local shop doing so well!
5	This is my second time here and I tell you the Half Hog deal is amazing. My dogs love the pig ears we get. Bosko & Domo will be happy to know a handful is coming home. Worth the hour drive out of my way. Thanksgiving Pork Shop your the best.
3	If you are local to Queen Creek, or maybe if you are willing to travel here from Chandler and Gilbert, this butchery is a good find. They have some fine choices and the meat is fresh and tasty.However, the store is very small and the prices are high. Now, I realize locally sourced shops like this are worth the extra cash. However, this store is not worth the trip from anywhere further out than 30 miles.Phoenix has some wonderful butchers and sausage shops. Give them a shot before driving a hour to this shop.
5	This place is really amazing. A pork lover's paradise. We really enjoy the bacon. Super thick cut, when you fry it it up the edges get nice and crispy and the middle is so tender and flavorful it just melts in your mouth. I have also had the burritos they make in house. Both the BBQ and the green chili pork are amazing. Just a warning the green chili burrito was a little spicy for my wife, but I thought it was great. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody looking for some fine pork products.
5	Are you kidding?  They don't have a 6'th star?  Well, let's just say this is an experience all the way through!  If you are grilling out for football season... start with picking up some bacon..(so many types to choose from)... I mean BACON... it's thick and man... sooooo good.  Also, pick up your favorite cut of pork...and just be amazed when your guests look at you like you know what you are doing!!!!  it's going to be delicious.   It's worth the drive and be warned... I have never been there when it wasn't hopping busy... still worth it.  Pork... it's what's for dinner... again!
5	Cannot say how much YUM GOODNESS is inside this place.  If you like pork products of all kinds - come here.  The hot bologna, homemade snappy hotdogs & sausage, beef sticks (all flavors), peppered bacon (OMG), I can go on and on - but you must visit here.  Small inside & parking is tight but it is worth it.  Support the locals by making this a regular stopping place to stock up on goodies - and I love local goodness.
4	Was in the neighborhood , had to check out!Great samples of pork. Looked like really good bacon to buy! Staff were friendly and hard working.
4	Wow, stopped in for the first time today. The smell is heavenly. While I didn't purchase any of the numerous fresh, smoked meats or sausages or bacon I did snag a couple of Green Chili burritos. Those are AWESOME! They look small, the reason I got two, but are packed with meat and tasty green chili. This place is dangerously close to home so I'm sure I'll be back.
5	Try the green chilli burrito, jalepeno and cheese snack sticks and any sausage...You won't be disappointed!! Busy on the weekends so be patient and don't feel overwhelmed. Its a small place with lots of people so don't feel bad and take your time!They give you free samples of their snack sticks too!Prices are a little on the higher side but the quality is worth it!!!
5	Love, love The Pork Shop. I'm really fond of the Cheddar Sticks. My family likes the little heat kick of the Arizona sticks. Perfect for road trips! Bacon is outstanding. Aside from the small size of the store and sometimes a long line, you won't be disappointed. The quality of their products are outstanding.
