4	Kinda like the Exploratorium in San Francisco but for the 21st century.  The Miniature Railroad  was the highlight at least for me.  A million kids running around . I guess that is why I'm the first to review- I was actually looking for the Natural History Museum with the Dinosaur Bones. I didn't know that there are 4 museums all called  "Carnegie "
4	One of the four Carnegie Museums in Pittsburgh, located across the street from Heinz Field. I've been here several times since I was younger, but today I went with my family to see BODIES...the Exhibition and Sportsworks exhibits, which are separate from the main building.  The Bodies exhibit seemed a bit overpriced at $22 (in addition to the general admission pricing if you plan on seeing the rest of the museum) and there is controversy surrounding the origins of the bodies on display, further evidenced by the 'origins of the specimens' handout given to you when you purchase tickets. However, I found the exhibit educational and it displays the intricacies of the human body in extraordinary way.Sportsworks was fun, where else can you design your own roller coaster, and ride it? Along with playing mini golf, virtual snowboarding and hang gliding and other activities. The main building has four floors of interactive activities, an aquarium, an IMAX theater, a hands-on kitchen area to learn about the science of cooking, miniature railroad and access to the USS Requin Submarine, and much more. Its not just for kids, although there will be lots of them.
5	I like this museum so very much, and I LOVE their weekend laser shows.  Start with the Beatles one if you're nervous.
5	This museum is great!  We had a spare day from a family holiday gathering and we decided to hit the museums.  We spent so much time here - there's tons to do, even for adults!
4	The Carnegie Science Center is a unique Pittsburgh museum. The building itself is very attractive and interesting. There are four levels of exhibits, plus an IMAX theater, plus a Cold War submarine, plus great views of Downtown, the rivers, and the hills around the city all over the museum. The USS Requin submarine is probably the most fascinating part of the museum. You get to tour a very small submarine used during the early Cold War years. It's evident how miserable life must have been in the submarine. It's a very fascinating tour, but be warned: if you're claustrophobic or have trouble getting through small doorways, don't go. The rest of the museum is very interactive and interesting. There are many exhibits including a small aquarium, a planetarium, and a theater showcasing food science. One thing I noticed, however, is how many of the exhibits are similar to the ones at the Great Lakes Science Center in Cleveland. Many of the natural disaster exhibits can be found in similar form in Cleveland and there is also a TV weathercast exhibit in Cleveland (although the one here is much more advanced). Overall, if you're looking for a fun Pittsburgh museum, head to the Carnegie Science Center, especially if you have kids in tow.
4	To answer the question, "Is this museum appropriate for my preschooler?" Yes, yes it is. I knew it was going to be a good day, when upon our entrance to the Science Center we passed 3 other families all leaving with children ages 2-6. The top floor of the Center has an area designated to children of these ages, even a special little door by which they can enter. It was a special sup rise to find the water table, explosive ball lunge, and other various blocks and magnet activities to occupy even the most active child. I have to admit we spent a large percent of our visit on this floor. The third floor has an aquarium. This is where I thought the Center lacked, from an adult perspective. However, my son was thrilled he could pet a soft shelled crab, and use techno hands to "grab" treasure in a sunken ship exhibit. Second floor had the miniature railroad, also a crowd pleaser. The main floor housed one of the main attractions for my preschooler, a trampoline where he was harnessed and jumped and flipped while attached to bungee cords. Carnegie Science Center has many more hands on exhibits and attractions than I've listed above, as these were my preschoolers favorites. The Center is a welcome change from the many Children's museums we have visited. There is something for everyone here. Tips- Plan at least 2 hours, more if you visit the Planetarium or Imax. During the school year there will be field trip visits, meaning large groups of many children. Visit www.astc.org if you are a member of any science museum or science center. There is a passport program and your visit may be free or discounted. This includes the parking and gift shops in many cases.
5	The new RoboWorld exhibit is really good actually.You'll enjoy all the fixtures as well. Iesspecially enjoy playing with the water pipes on the fourth floor. The submarine and the IMAX are always a good time.Tickets are $15/adult($19 with and imax movie)Kids tickets are less but I forget by how much.
2	The roboworld and the miniture railroad were the only exibits worth seeing... the rest of the building was pretty boring.  Everything is ratty and dirty... make sure you bring lots of hand sanitizer.
4	Carnegie Science center is definitely one of the better science centers I've been to. I stopped in with a colleague because we needed to kill some time before our next meeting. I was reluctant to go in because I thought everything would be really kiddy. To my surprise it wasn't entirely kiddy at all and at the same time I found myself feeling like a kid again. I really enjoyed the earthquake machine in the sci quest exhibit on the first floor. It essentially recreates earthquakes that have occured in a diner setting. This thing really shakes it was awesome. Fortunately I've never experienced one and it gave me a good idea of what it's like. We mainly went to see R2D2 and C3PO at their roboworld exhibit on the second floor. It was presumptuous of me to think they were the actual ones used in the movies but to my disappointment they were replicas. I should have known the actual robots wouldn't be here, but oh well it was still cool to see the life sized replicas. The miniature railroad and village was closed because it was undergoing some changes but I was still able to see some of it from afar and it was so detailed it's overwhelming. I would imagine it's a sight to see when it's fully operational. The seascape exhibit on the 3rd floor is really cool. Your able to see all types of fish in their natural coral environment. One aquarium actually has the three stages of coral reef: fringing, barrier, and atoll (see...I learned something). The 4th floor got a little kiddy for me but I still enjoyed the little stations like building a circuit, building a dam etc.. My favorite part of Carnegie science center was the USS Requin submarine. I've never been inside a submarine before and it just blew me away. I didn't think they would allow you to roam the entire submarine but they do. Being in the submarine really gave you a sense of what it was like to be part of the crew when it was in use. It was amazing to see how the crew lived inside one of these things. It's REALLY tight living quarters and to think they spend months at a time in this thing is crazy. Every nook and cranny was used. I didn't have the time to check out the science stage, digital dome, the kitchen or works theaters, and IMAX theater but will definitely check it out the next time I go. All in all it was a fun experience and I recommend going even if you don't have little kids, just go and be a kid again.
5	Great interactive museum for kids. Tons to do. A little expensive though, but worth it.
5	The roboworld is really amazing. This place is geared for children and quite expensive, but things geared towards kids are usually really fun for adults too!The sports center was really cool as well. I would recommend this place for kids + adults.The submarine was also really cool to go on. You get to see the inner workings and they have the whole thing laid out. It is really neat.We came during chemistry week so lots of tables with cool things.I cannot wait until I go back to Pittsburgh and get to see the Musuem of Art.
4	This place is pretty nice. It is obviously for children, but there is so much they can do that they can be entertained for hours. There are some amusing things even for adults too, so it is well worth the price. The sports building is fun for almost anyone too, with rock climbing walls, trampolines and pitching cages.
4	This is not just child's play!  I really thought it would be all about lame science junk.  So, I was TOTALLY wrong!I know I'll sound like everyone else, but it really is for all ages.  Science for me needs to be at a simplified level.  I may have enjoyed high school English, but Science....not my strong suit!  The way they demonstrate simple ways electronics move and work  The intricate weather displays you can actually touch and learn about how all that weather stuff happens.  I mean, tot to get too technical, of course!  The one thing that really brings me back to my childhood is the mini railroad exhibit.  My family used to travel down to the burgh around Christmas to see the exhibit all decorated for Christmas.  It's a special memory I have that I can still experience now.  Plus, mini things are cute, right?!I never realized how cool omnimax movie theaters are until I experienced the one here.  It really is a WAY different experience than watching a flat movie screen.  It basically engulfs you with sights and sounds.  I saw a show on ancient Greek islands and it was breathtaking.  The popcorn is always an added movie bonus!The bonus about owning a Carnegie Museum membership is that it gives you access here as well.  Plus you get a discount on omnimax and museum special events.  If you sign up for the email list you get notices on everything going on, so don't send this email to junk!I'm not gonna lie, the children's play area looks pretty cool.  I think I'm too big for that stuff now, but I can still learn about super awesome science in the rest of the place!  Wait, what did I just say?!
4	Going here was all my bf's idea.  Lucky me, I got to tag along!  For me, here are the highlights:RiverQuest:  We paid the extra $8 for the boat ride.  It's supposed to be an opportunity to learn about Marcellus shale, fracking, and the effect on the environment with a little geology thrown it.  We, much like the rest of the passengers, were only interested in our views of the city and beyond.  Very relaxing.The USS Requin Submarine:  everyone has seen it before sitting out on the river.  I had no interest in going aboard.  It turned out to be my fav!   Hard to imagine a bunch of men living in this thing for days at a time!  You get to tromp thru from one end to the other.  I would be petrified of going down under the water in this thing!  The sub was built for the World War II.  Interesting fact:  the Requin never made it to the battle. Scheduled departure was August 21, 1945, but the war officially ended on the 15th.  The little sub sees plenty of action today.River View Cafe:  the food here is surprising good and so it the service.Miniature Railroad:  this is by far the best one that I have ever seen!  I was very impressed by the size and detail.  There is a tiny Forbe's Field complete with spectators (they are actually painted Q-tips).  There is also a little Fallingwater and Gateway Clipper boat on the Allegheny River and a lot of animated little people.  Also, it's set up with the four seasons.  The display is HUGE.  Don't miss it!Robo World:  enjoyed watching the "thing" shooting hoops.  SciQuest:  the earthquake simulator is sorta lame, but still pretty fun.  Also, we love, love, loved being able to participate in a "weather" broadcast.  So much fun!Rangos Omnimax Theater:  wow, this was really great.  We saw the flick "Tornado Alley".  Very sobering when you see the destruction so up close and personal.  We loved the Storm Chasers.  These people are so crazy.Seascape:  nice to see all the different kinds of fish. UMPC Sportsworks is interesting.  Some of the inter-actives in the Science Center made you feel so dirty when you thought about all the fingers and hands that had touched them.  So, be sure to use the hand sanitizer.  My bf could easily get me to go, again.
4	While visiting Pittsburgh from NYC, i had a few hours to spare with my 12 and 4 year olds in tow.  We decided to spend the time at the Carnegie Science Center.  Great idea.First of all, they accepted a reciprocal science museum membership i had so the cost was free.  Yea.Each floor had a theme with exhibits that were age appropriate for both kids.  My 4 year old could have stayed at the water exhibit on the fourth floor for an hour.  My 12 year old enjoyed the robots.  The trains were a great way to start and the submarine is a must see to wrap up the visit.Happy exploring.
4	Don't go as an adult when there is an event for kids! I went because I'm a big kid and wanted to play but my Mr. B and I did get pretty annoyed with the small people. I accept full blame but as we got our yearly pass at such a great price going in for an hour then leaving for lunch was no biggie. Kids galore! Women with strollers using them to steer or push people forward. Get your human carrier buggy away from me Ladies! No chance for personal space here.The science center has so much going on and I can't wait to go during the week when kids are in school! I loved the aquariums. The staff was especially informative and so was my personal tour guide. Mr. B who is a man of the sea. This place is eye candy for everyone. I will add more when I return.
5	The weekend night laser shows are one of the must-do in Pittsburgh. Usually the Led Zeppelin show is around 10 pm on Friday night and is followed by the Pink Floyd midnight treat.I have always been dazzled by 45 minutes of sparkling shower in the planetarium dome. The people running the show are very friendly and will even accept requests (Dark Side of the Moon !!) if you are courteous and warn patrons to not act funny even though most people do smell funny in there !Thanks to these guys for some of my best weekend times in Pitt Tip - The back of the $8 coupon often has a 5$ Supercuts coupons.....
5	This place is absolutely awesome.  Going here is definitely an all day experience, so plan your day around going here because it is worth it and you will have a great time.  They also have a great guitar exhibit!
5	I loved it so much I became a member. My kids learned so much being here and it gets you into all the other Carnegie area's in the city and I could not say no. Yes its an investment but I can say to watch the sparks in my kids eyes that they are learning and experiencing meant everything to me. Your community is what you invest into it. I'm investing into it from all the way from Erie. Yes its a drive but its an all day event that we don't and won't have it in Erie.The future is where you invest it. Our children and our communities.
4	What a cool and fun place!While visiting Pittsburgh, I took my daughter here as a surprise on her last day of summer vacation. She had visited a few years ago during a school field trip, but I'd never been to this long-time staple along Pittsburgh's North Shore. After getting our tickets, we first ventured into the nearby spacious SportsWorks building, which is filled with various hands-on sports including a rockwall, simulated roller-coaster, a pitchers mound, human yo-yo, tramboline, a mini race track and various other sports activities. She absolutely loved it and did everything they offered.We then went back to the main building which houses various science related exhibits, activities and an OMNIMAX theater. We ventured through all four floors consisting of numberous robotics, minature trains, submarine, sea aquatic exhibits, weather stations, etc.For the price, size and variety, CSC is definitely a must-stop for kids of all ages, even if you're just a kid at heart.
4	We went here on a Saturday night for an IMAX movie. The museum itself was cute, very kid oriented, and the movie theater was great. I'd like to go back and go through the museum, but at $18 per adult ticket, the prices were a little high.
4	I felt like a kid again!This place is really fun, but more oriented toward younger kids. I had a friend come in from out of town and took him here and although we had a good time, I  don't know that I would go back.The thing we enjoyed the most was the tour of the submarine out on the river, but you can just do that for $5. There are a bunch of cool things to see inside -- but I'm fairly certain Katy Perry is featured on one of the '40s war posters.Also, the main exhibit when I went was the big guitar thing, which I don't care about. I love all kinds of music, but staring a bunch of guitars just didn't do it for me. Kazoos on the other hand ...Actually, the robot section upstairs was pretty cool, now that I think about it. Yeah, OK, maybe you should go here.
4	Nice museum.  The best part was the submarine walk-through.  It is a real sub from the 40's and was amazing to see how cramped a sub really is.  The robot exhibit was also kind of neat.  The rest of the museum was average and kind of small compared to other science museums in Philadelphia, DC, or NYC.  Two exhibits were closed, so it made it seem even smaller.  The food at their restaurant was below average.  We had chicken fingers and fries--both of which seemed to be the cheapest frozen items one could buy.
4	This was definitely on my to-do list during my last Pittsburgh visit, and since it rained on my last full day in town, I figured that day was just as good as any to go!As a railfan, the one thing I absolutely LOVED was the Miniature Railroad and Village. That exhibit alone is worth the price of admission. I loved the details, from the Monongahela Incline, to Forbes Field, and the steel mills of old that made Pittsburgh famous.  Another interesting exhibit was Roboworld.Certainly not a bad place to kill a couple hours.
3	Yesterday we did the 21 and over event at the Carnegie Science Center.  It's a great idea but I have some complaints.  If you plan on attending one of these, I strongly urge you to NOT eat dinner there.  There were fruit flies swarming about us, the food was cold and the meal was over priced for how tiny it was.  I could not shake my hunger and I ate every morsel of the so-called three course meal.  Also,  dinner was painfully slow.  It's oodles of fun frolicking about the CSC sans children, however, half of the staff was unfriendly and unwelcoming.  Some of the events were solely there for trying to generate money and future business for themselves.  The wine company, for one example,  that was supposed to teach us about wine-making only tried convincing us to visit their winery.  With the admission ticket, we received $15 free slot play at the casino.  That was a nice perk.
4	I went here for the 21+ night suggested by Yelp, but I skipped the photo op at the end, the 21+ night is not for kids. But otherwise this is great venue to bring kids too. The first floor features a space exhibit where you can participate in astronaut training pretty cool! I just wasn't feeling the harness so I did not do it. Upstairs its your typical Science themed floors, building things, robots, insects, bugs, water, brain games. children's floor, with books and games all great for interaction with children of all ages. My favorites were the robots because you can see how they work, and take a photo and have it emailed to yourself.The Laser light show was just ok its a very small planetarium, I was more impressed with pink floyd to lasers as a 13 yr old. Maybe it was just the time, maybe it was their slow lasers.The drinks were reasonably priced and a decent selection. Price to get in was 15$, I want to go back to star gaze from the roof in the summertime. I have heard the view is great view from up there.Overall I like this place I will come back it would be more fun if you have kids to bring, but my niece and nephew live out of state.
4	I've been coming here since the place opened when I was a kid.  I still go back when I go home to visit Pittsburgh.  Having experienced the Science Center in Los Angeles, the Carnegie Science Center is definitely more fun, more comprehensive, and more kid-friendly.There are about 4 floors if I recall correctly, and each one has a different theme, one with a changing exhibit.  In January we saw the Roboworld exhibit.  It was interactive, very hands-on, with a line-up of famous robots against one of the walls.  I would have liked to see a little more about the history of robots though.  On the same floor was the Miniature Railroad and Village which absolutely brilliant, even if you aren't a model train aficionado.  It's a scale model of the Allegheny Valley area, comprising Pittsburgh and its outskirts in the early to mid-20th century.  The tiny pieces move down to the last detail -- a child swinging on a swingset or people moving inside a house.  The lighting also changes according to time of day.  All seasons are also covered from one end of the display to the other.Other highlights include a changing exhibit on the ground floor-- this time it was space exploration, with a harness-based anti-gravity simulator.  The planetarium, which replaced the Buhl, is enchanting and cycles through several shows throughout the day.  One of my favorite interactive exhibits is not so much an exhibit as a cooking demonstration utilizing principles of science.  Very educational for kids.Speaking of kids, as I've grown older, I realize that the museum is really oriented more towards children and families, and that's totally ok.  You can still learn as an adult, but the execution of the exhibits is kid-oriented.  Don't miss the fabulous views of the three rivers and the Point.As an adult, I think the most exciting thing here might be the Omnimax show.  This is IMAX x100.  The screen arches over you and surrounds you, immersing you in visuals and sound and covering every topic from earthquakes to outer space to under the sea and more.  I even saw a Harry Potter movie here once (although it's not really suited to regular films since you will be looking up the actors' noses and moving your head back and forth like you're watching a tennis match to see from one eye to the other the whole time).My fiance and I went on Martin Luther King Jr. Day so all the kids had off school and the place was packed.  It was hard to distinguish between the line for the Miniature Railroad and people just standing there looking at the robots.  We also had two different people admonish us for taking their place in line when we were accidentally standing in their way, one of whom was a young boy.  Jeez, people are really possessive of their space on days like these, apparently.It's nice that there is hand sanitizer posted at various points throughout the museum.  They are aware that everything in the museum gets touched and is probably coated in germs.  That can happen at any hands-on public place, but there's probably a higher percentage of it at kid-friendly museums.Don't forget to stop in the gift shop on your way out!  Buying some Astronaut Ice Cream is almost a tradition!
4	Lots of hands on stuff to do and explore. My faves - the robots - they never miss shooting baskets and will kick your ass at air hockey. Fun and informative way to kill an afternoon.
5	First, if you are not a member at an ASTC member museum, you are wasting a lot of money and time. You'll get your money back pretty much the second time you use it at your local museum or an ASTC member museum in another city, like Carnegie Science Center.Second, this place is excellent. There are five stories of exhibits for adults and kids to explore. Some of the exhibits are too complex for our 6 and 8 year olds, but they didn't care and still took a crack at them. The best learning/education is when the kids don't think they are learning because they are having so much fun. This place does that.The Sportworks building next door is very, very impressive and unique. We have the ASTC pass and have been to countless museums and science centers in many cities and have seen nothing like this. There are many sport-centric interactive exhibits - baseball throwing, roller coaster ride, etc. My kids absolutely loved this.We got here at 9:50am on a Sunday - 10 minutes before it opened - and there were very few people in both buildings. As we were leaving at 1pm, more people had come in but it was still fairly empty. I recommend getting there early so there's basically no wait at the exhibits.
4	A very interactive science museum. If you are in Pittsburgh it is a great place for children of all ages.  They have an interactive rocketship, zero g rock wall, surgical video games, and an entire building devoted to the science of sports and excitement including a bungee trampoline, roller coaster simulater, lifesize operation game and more.Two items to note, it is not the cheapest of museums, adults are 17.95, kids 11.95 and college students 15.95. No discount for high school students.The second is it is extremely focused on kids, offering only a superficial explanation of the scientific workings behind the exhibits.  I wished there was at least more in depth signage for those who wanted to learn more.But the kids liked it and were interested in finding out more about some of the subjects.The train exhibit was incredibly detailed.Overall, fun for a family with kids under 16.
3	Expensive, but educational (at least for grown-ups).  Not the best for the under 5 crowd.  Exhibits are all very high and even with stools small kids can't reach.  And other than the small toddler section of the 4th floor, most of the "science" comes down to push the button and see what happens for kids under middle school or high school age.  I am spoiled though by the children's museum, which specializes in younger kids.  However, I did learn a lot as an adult, even if just about the history of science.  And my daughter enjoyed herself too.Make sure to check pricing before showing up with a family of 4 or more.  Admission is very expensive and does not include the IMAX theatre (which in my opinion is the coolest part of the center).  If you are considering going to other Carnegie museums during the year, membership might be your best bet $150/year for a family.
5	I have been a member here for 2 years, but have just now decided to review.In general, most of the science center is mildly to moderately interesting to someone in their 20's. That being said, my mom and my nieces and nephews LOVE it! The little kids are (6 and under) is great for the little ones and keeps them caged in like the little monsters they are in a public place with plenty of hiding places.The rotating exhibits are usually more interesting than anything else included in the membership, but I have recently had the opportunity to go see some of the shows (thanks Rachel C!). These were surprisingly awesome and interesting! The Wizard of Oz laser show kept my attention and was overall entertaining. The Flight of the Butterflies OmniMax show was really interesting and visually stunning. The mini tornado is sooo worth the $2!Go forth and see science...
3	I like the Carnegie Science Center, but despite my immaturity, I think I'm too old.It's definitely very kid-oriented (which is perfect for families), but there's just not enough to do if you're not a kid.The IMAX is pretty cool and worth the trip, however The laser show is not -- unless you're on a trip (I assume).
5	The Carnegie Science Center is the best Science Center that my family has gone to. We were there from the time the doors opened at 9:00 am to just before it closed at 5:00 PM.It is definitely geared for children.  I would say children from the ages 5-17 would get the most out of it.The OMNIMAX Theater is outstanding! It's a four-story, state-of-the-art IMAX Dome Theater, one of only 50 theaters of its kind in North America. It's the biggest screen, and the only dome screen, in the Pittsburgh region.We also enjoyed exploring a real Cold War-era submarine, USS Requin outside the museum.The kids just loved the  Highmark SportsWorks building where the rock climbed, did lots of physical activities, and rode in a roller-coaster simulator.
5	We've been here a few times with our kids (almost 8 year old and an 5 year old). Both truly enjoy this. Our oldest has autism, and the NASA, robot, and train exhibits really kept his attention. I recommend going during the weekdays, you are less likely to find this packed. There is quite a few camp trips to here going on it seems, but it is summertime as well.  Do check out sport works while you are here! It's a ton of fun. My youngest loved the bungee trampoline, and since its included in the admission price, you won't have to spend $10+ at the mall to do this. They have a big operation game, a suspended bike you can ride, a hockey game, a pitching speed calculator, ect. It gets kids moving and having fun!The food is reasonably priced, and quite delicious. We were expecting to fork out a lot for a meal, and were pleasantly surprised!  Even my picky son loved the food. You can eat indoors, or on the patio area, there's tables with umbrellas.The gift shop has a lot of cool gadgets. The prices are not terrible. My youngest wished for more bug stuff, but there was a ton of different things in there. Parking is free if you are a member, if you arnt, its $5.PA access card holders can get into the science center for $2 a person. The other museums in Pittsburgh are a $1 per person if you have the card.
4	I visited for the 21+ event, but it looked like there are tons of great exhibits and hands on elements for kids and adults alike.  I wish the 21+ event had been a bit less populated so I could have done more, but I would go back.
4	Went to 21+ night last night, beer and wine are $5-$6 but don't come expecting to get drunk, lines are ridiculous. Watch the demonstrations and it's super fun to be there without all the kids. Kind of ran out of steam after 3 hours, couldn't really drink more, saw everything, wish there were a few more attractions. Overall it was a really good time.
3	This is a fun museum, but for a "science" museum it's a little light on the science.  This is true in permanent installations and special exhibitions alike.Even my favorite part on the museum, the robot floor, is really more a display of curiosities than a science exhibit.  There's extremely little information on robotics or the science behind it, and while it makes me think robots are cool, it still has a ways to go before being truly inspirational and informative.  It covers the "what" fairly well (demonstrations of current robotics technology as well as the imagination of robotic potential throughout the last few decades in the form of science fiction), but it misses the "why" and the "how"--the key questions behind actual science.  How did we learn how to make robots?  What did we borrow from nature?  What were the failures like that taught us the lessons we needed for success?  There are dozens of obvious questions that could really add a lot that no one even tries to address.Likewise, with the special exhibits, the focus seems more about showing visitors something neat than actually focusing on the science.  The last special exhibition I saw was on bicycles, and it was basically an exhibit out of a history museum.  There were a few small sciencey things in the corners, but the focus was on the history of the bicycle.  Showing everything from an early velocipede to a bike ridden by Pee Wee Herman was fun enough, I suppose, but well under 20% of the space in this science museum's main attraction had anything to do even remotely with science.On my last visit, it seemed like the museum wanted to be half-science and half-history (or maybe history of technology)--and maybe that's OK, because they do it well, but there's just a lot of missed opportunities to make it a really great place for kids and adults alike to get excited about actual science.
5	Love their 21+ nights!!!   Reasonable and you can actually play without feeling like you are getting in the little ones way
4	Great for kids and adults.  I recommend coming during the week and not the weekend.  The peanut and I had a great time!  A lot of great exhibits and there definitely is something for everyone.  Peanut didn't care for the robot exhibit but loved the fish - we were even there while a fish was laying eggs!  Never saw anything like that before.  We went during the day, during the week and that was perfect!  The Sports exhibit didn't have too much for a 4 yo so I'd suggest saving that one for an older kiddo.
3	Our group had a great time at the 21+ night. Everything was open to us and we had a great time with all of the exhibits.The one thing that I would change would be the availability of beverages. As it was, it was difficult and time consuming to get drinks. A little more availability of this would be what made this event awesome
4	What a fun place!  It isn't just for kids (especially on their 21+ nights, which are a blast), though you already knew that from the myriad other reviews.  Favorites include the miniature railroad (because how can you not love a mini-mini-mini version of Mr. Rogers and Fallingwater?!), robot air hockey, the planetarium, and of course the balancing-the-balls-on-water feature.My absolute favorite person here is the head of the miniature railroad.  He's a kind, older gentleman and a very knowledgeable volunteer.  I've been coming here for years and didn't know that there are actually TWO Mr. Rogers until I spoke with him.  There's one on the swing that everyone knows about, but there's another inside the house, sitting on his bench.  Seriously, next time you're there, look in the window.  Mind = blown, right!?  And yes, that's really water in the river.  The boats move with magnets.  There are more fun things I've learned from this gentleman, but go talk to him yourself.  He is so full of knowledge and he's genuinely interested in imparting it.
4	Fun place for all ages.  I try to visit about once a year and always have a great time. The train room is my favorite!  On my past visit we ventured over to Sportsworks which is mostly for kids (aka we were too big to experience most of the exhibits). They do have a neat events room which would be a great spot for a kid's birthday party.  The current special exhibit on Bikes is amazing and I recommend to everyone to go see (I have already been twice). You can see the history of how the bike has evolved and so cool to see these old fashioned bikes up close. They Omnimax theatre always is a great choice, the Flight of the Butterflies now playing was entertaining.  Also take in a Laser Show which they have to many different music groups.  Lots of interactive exhibits throughout the many floors which are great again to keep kids busy on a rainy day. I also enjoy the Food Lab they have with shows-this past visit we saw how to make cheese.
4	We only had one day in Pittsburgh and we decided to visit the Science Center. It was amazing. I enjoyed the  robot that could shoot basketballs and the model train village set. Extremely family-friendly, a wide variety of exhibits, and all-around fun! Highlights include the decommissioned submarine docked alongside the building and the new Robotics exhibit, and the variety of bicycles from different eras.This museum is very clean and has very friendly staff.
3	The miniature town with thomas the train and the four-person snake game were my favorite parts.  It seemed like a lot of exhibits werent properly functioning so im very glad we got in for $3 during the last hour or so... overall it was fun for a day date pre dinner time  :)
5	21+ night was a blast!!! Lots of fun stuff to do, well organizes and even a little educational. Definitely a must do!
2	This review is for their "Science of Beer" 21+ night specifically.  Tickets had to be purchased in advance and they sold out well before the event.  Tickets were supposed to include samples of all 10 of the beers.  However, despite knowing exactly how many people would attend, all the beer tables with the exception of one ran out of their beer well before the event ended at 10pm, and one of them ran out at only 8pm! The lines were also ridiculously long to sample beer, probably in part to some tables closing down early, so that we had very little time to get all our beer samples we paid for before they ran out (we ended up missing a few) and getting to play in the museum.  The odd thing was that they had some tables selling some of the same beers they ran out of, but for some reason these were totally disconnected so they could not use those beers to replenish the supplies of the sample tables, even though some people had unclaimed tickets.  At the end they did say go to one of the pay counters at the second floor to claim your unused beer sample tickets, but when I got down there at 9:40 only a few minutes after the announcement they were already closing up and we were unable to claim the rest of our tickets.  Also given the extensive crowds and seeming lack of proper AC, the temperature throughout was quite warm and uncomfortable.  I really think they sold way too many tickets for this event and were not properly prepared for the number of beer samples needed, which should have been a very easy calculation given there were only a set number of tickets sold and everyone was supposed to get one sample of each beer.  Also there was very little in terms of "science" about the beer and it was really just a beer tasting event, other than one presentation about beer making that was going on.  Normally I have enjoyed events at the Carnegie Science Center so I was really disappointed.
5	Great job with the interactive displays. The kids enjoyed seeing science in a fun new way.
3	As a grownup--and a scientist, I have mixed feelings about the Carnegie Science Center.  On the one hand, they have some cool exhibits.  My favorites are the miniature railroad (a given, since I'm a railfan), the robotics exhibit (a given, since I'm a scientist), and the USS Requin submarine.  The fish tanks are nice, but nothing to write home about (my dad's reef tank is more interesting).  The rest of the exhibits are pretty forgettable--though it is kind of fun to go for a ride in the earthquake simulator the first time.  In general, I have to agree that the exhibits are lighter on the science end than I'd like.  As a kid, I probably would have found this place to be pretty fun.  As it were, growing up near Philly, I went to the Franklin Institute several times on field trips, which I feel has better exhibits overall.  I can't comment on the planetarium or IMAX theater, since I haven't seen a show in either of them (though the FI had these, too).  I don't really get the hype about the SportsWorks complex--but then again, I'm not a kid.I'd probably be willing to award 4 stars if it weren't for a 21+ night I attended.  Although I attended a different one than Lauren B., I was similarly underwhelmed.  The one I attended was wine and cheese themed, and for an event with that theme, my friends and I were dumbfounded by the lack of...wine and cheese.  They had a science of cooking demonstration focused on cheesemaking that was engaging, but at the end, we received only a very tiny sample of the cheese (think less than 1" long).  I would have thought they would have made up extra cheese aside from the cheese they were cooking for the demo so that hungry audience members (i.e., us) could have larger pieces or seconds.  As for the wine, they had a guy from a winery in Carnegie give a virtual tour, but I found the tour part too long and drawn out and too light on the science (which they only discussed at the very end).  To my astonishment, they didn't even have samples to offer!  While wine was available for purchase, the offerings were quite limited, and I seem to recall a similar problem with running out toward the end.  My friends and I left disappointed, and headed to a restaurant in Bloomfield to quell our hunger and thirst.Overall, while they have a few interesting exhibits, this is one of the two weaker Carnegie Museums in PGH (the other being the art museum), at least for adults.  Young kids, on the other hand, would probably love it.  3.5 stars.
5	I'm just a big old kid; you really can't take me anywhere, especially to a place where I get to play with things.  Watch out little child, I will push you out of the way to have my turn at that hands on exhibit.This time was so much more fun than all other times I attended due to the fact that it was my niece's first time here.  Seeing this place through the eyes of a child's first encounter is so much better than your own set of eyes.  It was so hard to tell her no when we were near exhibits that you are not allowed to touch since everything here is so hands on.  She just couldn't help herself, nor could I.We saw everything there was to offer.  Toured the submarine, walked our way through all the floors, did some exercise at the sports part and just plain enjoyed ourselves to the max.On our way out, we stopped at the gift shop and browsed.  But that was not the last thing we did.  We smashed our pennies before we exited and then had the rest of the day to do what we wanted.**Things to note here, it is pay parking that is on top of your admission (so take fewer cars if you are going in groups).  During football/baseball games and other events, the center closes early to allow parking for said events (you are asked to leave a hour before the events begin).  Kids 2 and under are FREE!
5	This is such a fun place to go! They cycle out some of the exhibits often enough that even regular Science Centerers aren't bored. I noticed that since my last visit, they replaced the smocks up in the water area- those little details stick out to me, because sooooo many places ignore that stuff. This science center has everything. They've got a sea life area with fish and small ocean animals (think crabs and stuff), a water and general fun area for kids (protip, there's a private breastfeeding station up there too!), a robotics area that's awesome, a huge train set, a freakin' submarine, gravity exhibits, climbing activities, and two theaters as part of the usual set up. As far as seasonal type exhibits go, I've seen a guitar focused exhibit, a health focused one, a space focused one (that's big now) and they currently have a foam building area set up there. I'll be back time and time again, as a Pittsburgh parent, but this is one day out with the kiddo that I genuinely look forward to. It's fun stuff!
5	We're from Detroit and visit Pittsburgh every year. There's no way we can stop and not visit the science center. My boys love this place. There's something interesting for everyone. If we didn't have kids, I'd probably still come to this place. My favorite area is the aquarium. Not very big, but I like it. My kids love the water play area and the sports center. Def a great family visit.
4	We set aside a few hours for everything. We waited patiently for the doors to open. We did stay till 11 am for the science center. There are too many things to name and favorites were playing air hockey, basketball, train exhibit and going up in space. After that we went to Highmark SportsWorks. We rode on simulated roller coaster, race against an Olympic runner, and block hockey pucks. It was great place to visit and plan stop by there next time we go on vacation.
4	I absolutely love going to the Science Center! I usually go to the laser and Omnimax shows. It is so nice that they have later laser shows, especially when you can't think of much else to do at 11pm or midnight! The laser shows are always entertaining. They have wonderful themes and tributes and each show has been different so far! The Omnimax is really what makes the Science Center one of a kind! Where else can you go and be surrounded by a screen as big as 3 or more movie theater screens?! The shows are always interesting, short, and diverse. The science center itself is fun for adults too! I most recently went to a 21+ night, which was a really good time! From the miniature railroad to the different floors with various exhibits, you are bound to stay occupied throughout the night! There were also tables with experiments that you could participate in the making of and take home! I would definitely recommend the science center to anyone, young or old, who is looking for a new experience!
3	My daughter enjoyed this science center so much. She enjoyed the hands on exhibits. Myself I think it needs more stuff for the price. The robots were the best part.
4	Bobby and I headed here on for #SundayFunday (lol) Since he is from Florida, he didnt get the chance to come here as a kid. I probably have not been here since i was in 5th grade (& i have never been to Sports Works) so I was excited.The first thing that we did was the bottom level astronaut thing. You're harnessed and then you are floating in the air. The purpose is to try an open the doors and move down the levers like an astronaut would. I thought Bobby would chicken out for his fear of heights but he didnt.... I was actually the one that freaked out up there. For one, the harnessed really hurt my leg so I was totally uncomfortable. I shouldn't have looked down because I was only thinking the worse case scenario while only being protected by a giant mommy clip. "I lasted a whole minute once at the top before asking to come down. We stopped at every other floor. Unfortunately, the railroad was closed. I'm assuming they are prepping it for the Christmas theme because a sign said that it would re-open 11/26.  The robot floor (same floor as railroad) was totally cool. There were multiple kids there so we didn't try to wait in line.. i would've felt bad if a kid had to wait because two adults were playing, lol. I loved watching the robot play basketball... totally cool.The other floors were kind of forgettable (for adults of course) I remember some of the displays and hands on activities, but i can't remember what each floor represented. There was one floor that had a special section for 3-6 year olds. It reminded me of the Children's Museum. I can't wait to bring my niece to that area! We headed to the Sports Works. By that time, we were both hungry and decided not to eat at the Science Center & instead go out for a nice lunch afterwards. Bobby didn't want to wait in line for all of the things.. It was pretty busy because it was a Sunday when the Steelers played on Monday. The lines weren't long, but each thing took awhile while doing it.. so add 5-8 people in front of you and being hangry, we just didnt feel like waiting. We did do the ride that takes you on a trip inside your body. That was cool.The best part was the submarine. We really had fun and it was soooooo cool to see what life was like for them. Next time, we will most likely bring my niece. We had a nice time, but im sure with a child along it would be more entertaining. Bobby & I have been wanting to do the 21+ night, so that is also on our list. We also want to check out the theater as well as the laser show they have. I also think they offer star gazing on clear Friday nights :) We will have to look into all of that!My review kind of sounded a little debbie-downer/ish but we did have fun! Obviously it is geared toward kids but we enjoyed our time together :)* I just want to make a note that I experienced amazing customer service at the front desk by a man named Sherman. Whenever I went to pay I handed him cash that was all messy (I normally just use card). After he counted it, he realized i was a  dollar short so i paid up. A few minutes after leaving to explore the science center, I heard my name on the intercom to come to the front desk (awkward).. anyway he said that the $1 had slipped and fell into his cash register then returned it. How sweet! He didn't have to go all out of his way for that $1. Great job sir!
5	Definintely a fun place to visit for all ages.  Everything is hands on and lots of things to learn.  There is so much to do and have a lot of exhbits to show.  From learning how to cook or strapping on a harness to learn how astronauts do stuff, it is a real treat for the kids and adults! There is also the USS Requin exhibit that allows you to tour the submarine.  I had no idea that this was the US Navy's first Radar picket submarine! After you are done with the science center, walk on over to Sports Works! (it is included in the admission). It is so much fun but requires a lot of physical activity. Make sure you are wearing comfortable clothing as some of the exhibits require you bouncing or running. There is a parking lot that was easy to park in, but i can imagine when the local games are playing, it can get packed.
