5	Oh, Thai BBQ, how I love thee!  This place has been satisfying me and other downtown workers, livers and players for years and years.It don't look like much, really, and unless you're looking for it you can drive by it for years and not see it.  It's odd to get to - coming off of LV Blvd. takes you on a crazy little loop to get to their tiny parking lot.  The dining room is tiny and sectioned due to the fact that it's actually been expanded.  (The first time I went here, in the mid 90s, the dining area had enough room for 4, four-person tables.)  Despite its outward appearance, the BBQ is an absolute delight.My preferences don't tend toward the spicier side, but there are plenty of non-spicy choices on the menu.  My favorite is the sweet and sour chicken.  Unlike it's 'Chinese' counterpart, the meat in this one is sauteed, not battered and deep fried.  It's cooked with big, fresh chunks of red and green peppers, onions, cucumbers, and pineapples, and tossed with a sauce that has a sweetness and a tang and is completely different than your usual 'sweet and sour sauce.'  Other excellent choices are their BBQ chicken (I mean, it's what they're famous for), their satay, and the chicken with baby corn.  (And who doesn't love baby corn?  Don'tcha feel like a giant eating it?  It's fun!)Don't miss their Thai iced tea.  Yep, it'll putcha into a diabetic coma, but they make it right.Take a chance on the neighborhood and stop by here.  There are other locations throughout the city, but this is the original and the best.
4	The BBQ Chicken is great here.  They serve is with a simple type of fried rice, and give you a great sweet sauce for it.  It's simple, fast, and really good.
4	I'm not a fan of chain places. But Thai BBQ reminds me of Carson Ca. I never realized there were so many here. There are some Thai places who pass of BBQ chicken from a roast oven. This place it's definitely fire kissed. You have your typical Thai dishes here. MeeKrob, pad thai, currys. I usually order a bbq chicken which comes with this great sauce, chicken satay, pineapple fried rice, mint and beef, steamed ric, and definitely Thai Iced tea. The staff is friendly and give me a constant reminder that I'm a growing boy and I need to eat!
4	not in the greatest part of town, it's kind of run down, but what a great lunch deal! for under $10 you can order the L-1, thai bbq chicken. it's a half chicken, with rice and sweet sauce, BIG portions. be prepared to ask for a to go box, and don't forget to ask for extra sauce to go. there's a couple other locations, one in vegas on maryland, and some in cali too. one on carson street in carson, ca. and one in south redondo beach, but it's called Thai Thani, but has the same menu.
5	I'm wondering right now why we didn't get BBQ here...Anyway this place is in a weird location.  A friend was driving there and first he drove through this ghetto looking area and then he turned on this street with no street lights.  By that time I was wondering where he was taking us.  We turned another corner and there it was!  We pulled in and it was pretty dead for dinner time.  It was also a Wednesday night though so maybe it picks up over the weekend.We had an order of pad thai, spicy fried rice, and a vegetable dish.  The pad thai was OUTSTANDING.  It didn't taste like your normal pad thai dish...it tasted kind of peanutty.  The spicy fried rice was super good also with just the right amount of kick.  The vegetable dish was great also and I'm usually not a fan of vegetables.  The people who work here are super friendly.
4	this restaurant, *sigh, our first attempt going to this restaurant resulted in a vehicle collision.  It was supposed the meal before we leave vegas which was supposed to be good and memorable, but the drive back with my torn bumper dangling was so traumatizing...anyways, this restaurant was referred by our beloved friend Bone who said this place has really good BBQ, of course we took his advice and I took the courage to make our second attempt... This restaurant is located at the end of the vegas strip and the beginning of the downtown vegas strip.  It's very hidden so becareful and don't run any red lights looking for it.  In an abundance of caution, it's on the left hand side.  This restaurant is very small, the outside looks like a restaurant that doesnt even open anymore...but it does.  The parking lot looked like someone is going to jump out and rob you so becareful.  Once you open the door to the restaurant, it instantly makes you forget how the outside looks and reminds you that you are at a thai restaurant.   The first and last time i was there there were a couple tables with thai family - good sign.  Thai people eating at a thai restaurant cannot be bad.  We ordered the papaya salad, bbq pork ribs, and chicken satay - all very very good.  Alloy mark mark - (very yummy in thai).  The thai tea is refreshing after a rough night in vegas....was worth the trip and left happily ever after..
5	You walk in there and there is not a single customer in there but a funny pair of Thai Ladies Singing Thai Songs on the radio.  Eventually a pair of gays walks in and looks at you funny.  You can get married across the street.The plate of Pad See Ew was really big, high, and popping with thousands of crispy cubes of tofu.  As an interesting option they had a big mound of fresh ground pepper on top which I was not sure I was going to like, but I ended up really liking.  It was $9.98 with tax, which is not cheap, but not expensive either....so you might say, it's somewhere between cheap and expensive.  A great place to go if you want to take a whore before you take her to the Sin City hostel and turn her insides into Pad See Ew ;)They don't serve Alcohol
4	the only thing that's overstated in this place is the taste of the food they serve. no glamor, no glitz, just great tastin' food at affordable prices. i especially enjoyed the duck curry and the bbq beef jerky with sticky rice. i'd hit it again.speaking of hittin' it, while leaving the place, we noticed a tall (around 6'4"ish) man, with heels walk towards the back of the said ghetto hotel on the side, followed by another shorter man - uhm, man. the taller man with heels then stopped, turned around towards the shorter man, and knelt before him. i had some youngin's with me, so we quickly gathered them into the car, and high-tailed out.but don't let that stop you (if it would) from trying this place.
4	In this area of town there are not a lot of great places to eat unless you go to a casino.  But here in the heart of the Arts district is a tasty Thai place that is easy to get to and has delicious food.  The outside of the place might look a little scary...but inside the decor is well thought and is clean and well done.I ate of the lunch menu, and my only beef was the portions.  I coulda finished off another plate of the Chicken Curry i ordered.  so good!.  One thing i noted was they never asked me how hot i wanted my food.  so it came out with no real heat.  so if you like your food spicy, make sure to mention it when you order!
4	Yum!  My office orders from here often for lunch.  Their fried rice is my favorite and the Satay is good as well.  I'm not a huge fan of their Pad Thai...I've had better.
4	Pros: Very tasty and good selection.Cons: bad ventiation (the place was smoky from their BBQing) and small portions.Your best bet is for take out.
4	Went here for dinner last Friday for the first time and had the following:1. Drunken Fried Rice: Exceeded my expectations.  It had just the right amount of spice and the texture was good.  Comes with more than you'd originally expect.2.  Pad See Ewe: This was good as well.  To be honest, pad see ewe has tasted almost the same everywhere I go, and it wasn't any different here.  Portion was good size.I would recommend this place to anyone who's craving Thai food in Vegas and doesn't mind making a short drive to the north side of the strip.  I've had better, but this place will definitely cross my mind if I'm in Vegas again looking for Thai food.
5	I'll admit that I'm not a sophisticate well versed connoisseur of Thai cuisine.  Whenever, I order Thai I always order the same thing:  Chick Satay and Shrimp Pad Thai.  So that's what I order there.  It was the best version of those dishes I've had the pleasure of enjoying.  The neighborhood, I'm sure is not what it used to be, but the food certainly is.  Worth the trip!
3	Been wanting to check out a Thai place other than Lotus of Siam (you know, just to see what's out there - I could eat LOS daily)Anyway, the place has character!  It's in a tough area but once you get inside it is very comfortable and quaint.  The server and manager were both so nice and friendly.  Went for an early dinner around 6:00pm and was surprised we were NOT the only people there considering the location (also BTW you can't turn south onto 3rd from Charleston because of some road repairs).  In fact, by the time we left more than half the tables were occupied (on a Tuesday, no conventions in town).  Also saw multiple customers come in for takeout.  BBQ Chicken - this is the house specialty and it was solid, although the only thing that really made it Thai was the sweet-tangy sauce they served it with.  Be sure to eat it all while it's hot - there was a piece of chicken left at the end of the meal which had gotten cold and I ate - defintely better hot!BBQ Pork -  Also solid and also couldn't tell they were "Thai" except for the sauce.Pineapple fried rice - This was very well executed.  Some places add too much curry spice but this was not the case here.Drunken Noodle with Shrimp - Extra spicy, "9/10 Thai Spicy not American Spicy please" - Even with all that request it was still not superhot.  However, it had a decent amount of heat and the dish was phenomenal.  I enjoyed this dish so much that I placed an extra order to-go for lunch next day "just a leeeeetle bit more spicy please!"I wouldn't make the trip to downtown just to dine here but if in the area I would go back, especially if I was in the mood for BBQ.  Apparently there are two other locations, but a friend told me that this is the best location of the three.Also, I thought this place super cheap.  The four entrees mentioned above were $45 with tip.
5	Wow, what a pleasant surprise!  My filipino friend has lived in Vegas for over 10 years, and introduced me to this marvel-admidst-scum.  Don't let the condemned hotels and two homeless men scare you away.  The restaurant is IMMACULATE; very clean and comfortable.  The food is amazing, even better than San Francisco in my opinion (born and raised in the Bay Area, so that means something.)  I ordered the Beef Panang, we shared the Coconut Chicken Soup, and he had the Chicken Satay.  All wonderful!  Only thing I was depressed about, is the restaurants lack of duck and mab curries.  If you are looking for Thai, this place is worth the cab- of course, you should always have a rental car in Vegas, they're cheap- so you have no excuse for not trying this place.  The only thing I couldn't figure out, is why the waiter kept walking into a room at the condemned motel!
3	I had to double check the directions from the GPS because it led me to some abandoned motel in an area that is not quite downtown, but far away from the fancy strip. I turned the corner, and there was this little shack looking place that stood out. There were cars parked all around it during the lunch hour. I walked in and was quickly seated since it was a little before 12. Thai BBQ is one of those local secret places that tourist usually won't frequent unless they have a rental or just randomly stumble upon it.  As someone stated before, if you like Thai food, then you will have to like the Pad Thai. I did not like the Pad Thai here. It wasn't because it did not taste well. I just don't like my Pad Thai tasting salty with the abundance of tofu in it. Perhaps I might change my mind the next time around.  I also ordered a Cashew Nut Chicken which appeared to be more of a vegetarian dish, then a chicken dish. Fortunately I ordered some steam rice on the side to fill me up. Otherwise I would've walked away upset and hungry. Oh yea, steam rice costs extra since lunch specials do not run on the weekends. Yea thats LV for you.I have had better places in the OC as far as Thai Food goes. But for LV this place is good enough, and excellent according to the locals.
4	Confusing directions- 2 locations- just take Las Vegas south from downtown, you'll see it on the right, but gotta take Wyoming N loop back in. Slightly ghetto location=promising in my book (cheap & good is my goal) surprisingly nice inside, wood panelling, pleasing wood carvings,....7-10 dollar. Dinners, yay! (not a casino- yay!) Smells= good, good sign. Iced coiffed =2 dolla, 'nother good sign...ice coffee=good, depth + cream....best deal in town I think...yum!
1	Yelp has let me down on this one!!!!  I guess I might be asking for too much when I want decent thai food when I'm in Vegas.Service was PISS POOR.  Went in, sat down fast.  Waited more than 5 minutes to order (AFTER they took order from other tables who came in after us).  Got thai ice tea quickly after order.  Waited decent time for food after other tables got their food who came in after us, but by then the waiters don't say anything to us for the rest of the night.  I guess that is ok, I don't want to talk to waiters who aren't nice to it's patrons.Ordered Pad See Ew with pork, Beef Jerky, and Rainbow Trout Dinner.  Pad See Ew was decent, but pork was extremely dry.  Beef Jerky was extremely dried by the deep fry with LOTS of fat attached to it.  The sauce for the jerky was very tart from the lime and makes you do a "bitter beer face".  Rainbow Trout was burnt black on outside and very dry on inside.  I do not see how this place gets regulars, but I guess people here do not know how authentic thai really tastes.If you want authentic thai, look elsewhere!!Oh yeah...the "Yelp special" of 10% off if you mention you saw them on Yelp DOESN"T GET HONORED!!!!  I said it like three times and she didn't know what the hell I was saying.  Let's just say their tip INCLUDED the 10% they didn't honor.  This was generous too for the crap we got from the poor service and bad food.
4	i love thai bbq. been eating at the ones in LA since i was a kid... not as good as LA, but it is pretty much the same. I get the chicken and rice... It comes with their classic sweet & sour sauce & red rice. its the shit!i also get the beef bbq. super good... dip it in the same sauce... i think you can get it as a combo with the two meats.highly recommended.
5	Definitely...don't judge the book by its cover!  Its a "hole in the wall" restaurant located next to a ghetto motel,  but don't let the location full you.  Oh..make sure you use the restroom before dining at this restaurant.  Head over there after the outlets or the Las Vegas Convention Center.Thai BBQ is the best authentic Thai food I've ever had!  My husband and I went there for dinner and we were 100% satisfied.  Pad see ew with chiclen and sate dinner with beef are a must try.  Authenticity + economically priced = excellent dining experience.  Mention Yelp and you'll receive 10% off your meal...enjoy!
4	This place is a diamond in the rough.  And it's probably best to stay that way.  They don't seem to be hurting for business and it keeps the masses away.The four of us went here for dinner on a cold rainy night, but it was bright inside the restaurant from the light glinting off of our pearly whites we were smiling so big. $60 bucks gave us two appetizers and 4 entrees, with drinks and food leftover to go!It was all very good and flavorful, portions were filling, and a great number of options on the menu.This will be a regular spot in Vegas when I visit.  I'm really excited about this little gem.Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't go for a late night run in this neighborhood, I didn't even want to risk using the bathroom located in the abandoned hotel sharing the parking lot.  But I will definitely drive here for an awesome tasty meal!
5	I have eaten at the  W. Flamingo Road location several times recently. Each visit, I tried a different dish. After trying five different dishes I feel it's time  to write a review. Awesome! Each new dish I try is as good as the last. Very clean, usually quiet, comfortable atmosphere. I highly recommend this place!
5	Some people may look at this place and choose not to go in. Well, PLEASE DO. My husband and I eat a lot of Thai food, and this place is wonderful! They have a great menu choice, with some good authentic Thai. It's a great place to go with a group of people and order numerous dishes so you all can share. I think I tried 6 different dishes, and each was very good. You can choose how spicy you want your dishes incase you have heartburn issues. The prices are very reasonable, and the staff is very attentive. If you like Thai, don't miss out on this place!!!
4	LocationGo down the strip, pass Stratosphere, make a left and a couple rights somewhere and you're there! It's the smallest Thai restaurant I've been to right next to a very beat down motel. At least they have a big sign to make it an easy find.AmbienceThe surroundings may look beat down, but the inside isn't too bad. Looks newly painted (maybe I was just hungry and everything was a blur) with a lot of wood panels and bamboo deco. Walkways are kinda small. Lighting is average, neither dim nor bright. When I went here with my two buddies at 8pm on a Friday, there were 10 people here so it was pretty quiet. Tables are small, but I'm pretty sure they'd allow groups to link tables.ServiceDecent. They do their job.PriceThe most expensive item here that I remember is $15.FoodThe three of us shared a pad thai, bbq chicken with white rice, and thai tea coffee. It was the most flavorful pad thai I've ever had. Just the right amount of seasoning. Their bbq chicken was good for what it was. I'm biased against ordering this dish at restaurants cuz I can make it myself at home so I didn't enjoy it as much as my friends did. Thai tea coffee was definitely tastea. Too bad the caffeine content was not strong enough for the events that followed that night!Last WordsGet the pad thai and thai tea coffee! Lunch specials are supposed to be pretty cheap ($7 plates) so try to go then.
4	One of the better hole in the wall places in Vegas.  The sticky rice is a great compliment to the curry dishes.  I'm not a big fan of Thai BBQ, but I hear from most people I know that this is the place to go.
1	This joint might be the shit, but I'll never know.I am confident in my formula for a good thai place: a grungy, ghetto-fied exterior with a clean and tidy interior packed with actual thai folk.Excited by the nasty, dirty exterior of the building and its sketchy location, I was disappointed to find the inside to be less than spotless.I was quickly, if nonchalantly, greeted and seated with a menu, among about 2-3 other full tables.After sitting over 10 minutes with nary a glass of water or a peep out of the staff, I had hope that the approaching server was on the way to take my order.Alas, my hopes were dashed when the server went to the table that was already busy enjoying their meal and proceeded to take a To-Go order from them, so that it could be ready when they left.Seeing that the other two tables hadn't received food yet, and had been there long enough to deplete their thai teas completely, I was very upset to know that I would be sitting starving, waiting for my food to be cooked AFTER these folks who were already eating their food had their To-Go order cooked.  Uh uh.  I left the menu I'd nearly memorized by this point and my non-existent glass of water on the table and skeedaddled.
3	After reading the mixed reviews on this little hole in the wall Thai restaurant, I decided to try it myself.  And after experiencing this place for myself, I must say that I have mixed feelings!  I ordered the Thai Iced Tea, Drunken Rice, and Rad Na (spelled differently on the menu).  I'll give my impressions starting from the bad to the good.  The Thai Iced Tea was a bit bland, but it is just Thai Iced Tea.  That's no biggie.  I suggest sticking with a coke, or better yet save your $2 and just get water.  Moving on...Next up was the Drunken Rice, which I have to admit is a dish that I have not had before.  The Drunken Rice wasn't bad.  It had a decent spicy taste, with various peppers and tomatoes.  I felt like the rice was bit greasy, but maybe this is just the way this dish is prepared.  I didn't taste any superb flavors that made me go "Wow!", but this was a nice way to start the meal.Finally the Rad Na.  I consider Rad Na to be the best dish to try for a first impression of a Thai restaurant.  If a place can make good Rad Na, then to me that means that they take their food seriously.   At Thai BBQ, this is the dish that really gave me mixed feelings about the place.  The gravy sauce was probably the third or fourth best gravy I've had, on par with other above average Thai restaurants in Vegas.  It is hard to find good gravy in Rad Na, and Thai BBQ does a good job of it.  It was flavorful, with a very slight hint of sweetness that I actually really enjoyed.  The pork was nicely prepared, as were the fat noodles.  However, the dish came with American broccoli.  I asked the waitress if they could make it with Chinese broccoli, and she informed me that they don't have Chinese broccoli at Thai BBQ.  In my opinion, this really docked their score.  This dish was really good, but it would have been even better with some fresh Chinese broccoli.  I even told the waitress so, and she smiled and said, "I know."  Unlike some of the other reviews here, I had no issues with the service.  The waitress offered to box my left overs for me, which was very nice of her.  My glass of water was never empty.  With the disappointing lack of Chinese broccoli, I'll be giving this place 3 stars, but I think that if the owner wanted to, they could really step this place up with just a little extra effort.  I don't know what the curry tastes like, but the Rad Na was surprisingly good, which is a good indicator for me.  I'll have to make an effort to try some different dishes!
4	Since I work Downtown, I order from Thai BBQ every now and then. I would say this place is above-average as a "hole in the wall" takeout spot.  There are better Thai restaurants for a sit-down meal, but for delivery or quick takeout, this is the best in the area.I've never tried their Pad Thai, so I can't comment (weird, because that's usually my go-to dish). The Drunken Noodles are very good; this is what I normally order. I really like their spring rolls, both the meat and veggie versions. The chicken Satay was excellent too, the one time I ordered it.I haven't ever had a bad meal from this restaurant. The quality is consistent. I haven't sampled very much of their menu, but everything I have tried has been spot on. I wouldn't recommend Thai BBQ to the Thai food elitist types out there, but it's a great little place to pick up some dinner on your way out of the ghetto.
1	Are you kidding me, from the grease soaked walls to the greasy inedible food, to the roaches that crawled across our table......THUMBS DOWN! After about 20 minutes into our meal and roach crawled across our table not to mention the few we saw on the walls. This place was so dirty, I needed a shower when we got home. DISGUSTING, DEPLORABLE, GREASY FOOD!
4	This was a pleasant surprise. We had to take a leap of faith to believe that our journey through the ghetto wasteland portion of The Strip would end well, as so many Yelpers insisted it would. The low point of this terrifying journey occurred when we saw Thai BBQ from the outside.Fortunately, the inside looked much nicer and, most importantly, the food was great. We were starving, thanks to a complex disruption to our daily eating cycle caused by gorging at the buffet in the Paris casino the day before, and so we over-ordered. We weren't particularly adventurous in our ordering because pretty everything looked great to our empty stomachs. For starters, we ordered chicken sate with peanut sauce, which was great (and not really a starter), though to me it's hard to go wrong with chicken on a stick with a spicy peanut sauce. For entrees, we ordered pad thai with shrimp (yeah, I know) and the Hawaiian curry with chicken. What made it "Hawaiian" was the small pieces of pineapple sprinkled about the dish. Both were great if not inspired.Long story short, if you're brave enough to leave the comfort of the tourist army in The Strip and you can set foot inside the building that looks like it might collapse at any moment, then you will be justly rewarded.
4	YUM!! We ordered the pad-thai and BBQ Chicken lunch special, duck over rice lunch special and seafood soup. It was GOOD!! I liked the pad-thai and the soup but the BBQ Chicken wasn't as good as my friend had raved. Perhaps they over-cooked it this time and it was a bit on the dry side. A definite pleasant surprise find in Vegas...a bit off the strip on the ghetto side of Vegas (~10 minute drive).
5	Let me put it this way... today was my first time here for lunch & i am going back tonight for dinner. None of the workers here really speaks english, NOT A PROBLEM! the Thai bbq chicken is the BEST i have ever ever had! Tonight i am going to try the Garlic short ribs, i cant wait.When we pulled up, i was extremely hesitant because the resteraunt is not aesthetically pleasing, kinda looks like a broke back shack, but for this place LOOKS ARE DECEIVING! GO GET SOME
4	The food was amazing! I went there for my young stepmom's 25th bday for dinner. Everyone agreed on Thai food for her dinner so we decided to check it out. The location was kinda ghetto across Olympic Garden & Boston Pizza & near all the wedding chapels & old school motels. If you have to use their bathroom, you have to ask them for a key & walk outside the restaurant & across the parking lot. It's cute inside the restaurant. It kinda gives you that feeling like you're in Thailand. The service was very fast & friendly. The waitresses were pretty cute. There were so many things on the menu that we wanted to try & we had a big group so we shared the dishes. Everything was really delicious. I thought that they made the best papaya salad. It was made perfect. The sates was the bomb! Pretty much everything there was good.
5	I want.  This food.  All the time.It certainly lacks for ambiance in the front yard, but having grown up in Vegas, I have a soft spot for the hobos and druggies of the Northern Strip. An honest, family-run restaurant with a tremendous lunch special and great food.  I dream of the Chicken with Baby Corn, the Beef Satay, the Thom kha gai, and of course, the famous Thai BBQ chicken.  Ah, man, I just made myself so hungry.  I need to plan another trip home and make that my first and last stop.Go there.  You won't be sorry.
4	I am a fan of Thai BBQ and was pleasantly surprised that they had one in Vegas.  Though this particular location is franchised, the food is pretty much the same.  I was only caught off guard when they charge for extra sweet sauce.  The sweet sauce is in a pre-packaged container so that was how I found out this location was a little different.Favorites:S-1 Kaiyang ChickenCombination SoupThai Iced Tea
4	This restaurant has become a nuisance to my waistline.  I work downtown and eat here predominately for lunch.  Service has always been attentive, although it can sometimes take a little while to get the check.  I have also ordered delivery from them several times and service has been prompt and accurate.I have yet to experience a below-average dish here.  Favorites include: Pad Thai, Drunken Rice (a slightly different spin on spicy basil fried rice), Beef Jerky and Beef Salad.  The Larb and Curries are also quite good, although not quite on par with my favorites.
4	I agree with most of the first impressions. I know, this place is nestled in a weird area of downtown that even the GPS is lost. Once you navigate your way to this spot I can assure you that you will enjoy the food. I only had the lunch specials and it I was priced well ($6.25) and it was quite flavorful. The bbq chicken was great. Duh!  Hence the name Thai BBQ right?? Great prices on the lunch specials. You can't beat it.
5	Best meal I had in Vegas, hands down (cheapest also!).I ate alot of expensive, high-end food in Vegas but none of it compared to dinner at Thai BBQ.  I had a feeling about it when I saw the sign over the nondescript hole-in-the wall restaurant.  The Thai BBQ short ribs were mind-meltingly awesome.  ...Just a moment of silence for the tear I cried at the delicious, marinated-to-hellenback, perfectly charcoal grilled flesh of a peaceful beast I feasted on.  Damn. Suh-Good. And the drunken noodles with tofu my wife ordered were the best I've had. EVER.I will give you a 4-alarm "Itis warning" however... The food coma came on so fast I barely made it back to the deuce.  Good thing freemont is so close to this place and good thing I went to Thai BBQ afterward.Oh, the deuce is a bus... so, its not what you thought I meant.
5	This little gem was one of the best parts of our trip to Vegas. We noticed it when visiting the wedding chapel to look over our pictures and knew immediately it was a place to hit on the way back to the strip. I had the drunken noodles with tofu, which was just the right amount of spicy, and was very flavorful, unlike a lot of noodle dishes I've had in Thai places. We had the wontons for an appetizer, and they were phenomenal with the sweet sauce that came with them. I had a little taste of the short ribs the husband ordered, and although I'm not really a meat eater, I was ready to dive face-first into his plate of barbecuey heaven. I'll be longing for this place until I hit the West again.
5	I moved to San Diego about 8 months ago, and I still can't find a Thai place that can even compare to Thai BBQ.  I've been going here (this location....this one is the best!) for over 15 years.  Now, it's a must stop when I'm in town.The food never disappoints!  They give you ample portions, heat level is always where I want it to be, and the flavor is always on point.  If you love Pad Thai, then I HIGHLY recommend theirs.  It's the perfect combination of sweetness and tamarind...most restaurants do too much of one or the other.  The BBQ Chicken is always juicy and BBQ Ribs are always tender.  All of their House Specials are delicious....my favorite being the Dearest Crab.  All of the House Specials come with plenty of rice, which is good all by itself.  The service has always been good.  I've been going here so long that they know who I am when I walk in.  They're always very friendly, quick to take orders, refill drinks, etc.As for the location, yes it's not in the best part of town.  It's in between downtown Las Vegas and the strip by all the chapels.  It's a cute little restaurant decorated in traditional Thai decor that has been expanded and remodeled several times over the years.
5	Best thai food restaurant I ever went!EVERYTHING is so good!
3	Maybe they changed cooks but the last time I went there was the first time I was ever disappointed.  Everything just seemed to lack flavor.  So sad.....
5	With the exception of a brunch buffet, this was hands-down the best meal my husband and I had in Las Vegas.  Easy to find, in-n-out, and inexpensive~most places on the Strip are overpriced and not worth it.  We should have found this our first day....My husband has never had Thai food and our waiter was very patient as to getting his likes and dislikes and choosing a dish that would EASE him into Thai~BBQ Short Ribs.  Perfect choice!  They were delish and left him wondering why he never tried Thai before.  We will definitely return on our next trip.
5	This place is a hidden gem in Vegas.  They have great lunch specials for about $7.  My favorite is the bbq chicken, the sauce is amazing and their shrimp fried rice is fabulous.  My husband gets the garlic pepper pork and loves it every time.  I have yet to order anything here that I didnt like.  Dont be fooled by the similar places though, they are not the same.  We tried the other Thai BBq's and they are not as good.  We always drive to this one even though it is like an hour round trip from our house.
4	Wonderful, spicy, delish! Did I forget to mention Spicy! They don't serve beer ? Other than that the place was great.
5	Best thai food in Vegas. Period. Their Pad Se Ew is to die for. The egg rolls are amazing. Its SMALL cramped and a little ghetto, but the food is seriously amazing. I highly reccomend it. My fiance and I tried many different thai restaurants in town before finding Original BBQ now this is the only place to go.
4	I eat a lot of Thai food and I think the food here is excellent.  The prices are extremely reasonable.  If you are going for lunch, they have plenty of great specials.  The cons of this place are the small dining room and sometimes slow service (due to the busy lunch hour).  I recommend trying their spicy drunken noodles.
2	Disappointed...with the reviews, I had high expectations.. maybe they were short staffed?? I don't know.. Came here this past Saturday night around 7...with a party of 3..the place wasn't too busy..but the service was horrible!!!! It took almost 10 minutes after we were seated before someone came to help or acknowledge us..and from there the waiting just grew.. our first dish, pad thai- came out 10 minutes before the rest of the meal, and the dish was bad..the noodles were broken and the flavor was bland and dry...10 minutes later, came out our garlic ribs w fried rice and our papaya salad.. The papaya salad and the garlic ribs were just okay... then another 5 minutes later came out our pad see eww with beef and that was a big disappointment.. it was way too sweet for me, it tasted like I was eating a sugar glazed dessert.. after our meal came, we requested boxes and our check..another 10 minutes flew  by again and we had to flag them down for service... what a big disappointment..
5	I have been dining here since 2003 and I have to say every time I come sit down and take that first bite, I ask myself why don't I eat here more often! It is soooooo yummy!!! The location isn't the most fancy and neither is the restaurant but that doesn't bother me. I prefer good tasting quality food over a fancy atmosphere. I don't understand the negative ratings on here unless it is because they were expecting a fancy place or a better part of town. I will continue to come here in spite of the neighborhood because the food is just out of this world. I have been here at lunch time which seems to be their busiest time and I have been here late at night which is when it is very slow and we will normally have the place all to ourselves. At all times I have noticed police officers frequent this eatery....as well as some local TV news anchors and prominent attorneys.    Some of our favorites dishes that are AMAZING are the Spicy Beef Salad, Drunken Noodles, their famous Thai BBQ chicken, mint chicken and my all time favorite: chicken curry! Just amazing!! I always try a new dish when we go in along with our favorites and I have never been disappointed! If you like Thai Tea that is awesome too. We can never figure out how such a small compact kitchen can crank out such amazing food in such a short amount of time. We have never had to wait for any long length of time for anything. I would suggest going here for lunch time. The busier they are the fresher and more delicious the food seems to be. A must try if you like Thai food!
4	We ordered the chicken curry lunch, thai tea and the drunken noodles. All had fantastic flavor and just the right kick for the spices.  The chicken curry still had all bones in it some of which were cut into little pieces which were annoying. That combined with the dumpy location and average ambience are all that kept it being rated a 5 star.
3	Definition of hole-in-the-wall restaurant! Stopped by for a quick snack, so I can't give a full review...just yet. Had a Thai Tea & the Veggie Egg Rolls. Seriously the BEST egg rolls I've personally had in town! I'll definitely be back!They have weekday lunch specials for $6.95. Fair prices. Average $7.95-$9.95 (from what I can recall). If you're looking for great flavors I definitely recommend stopping by. If you're particular about ambiance and service, I'd honestly skip it. The decor is simple. The staff is pleasant, however the service is on the slow side. The bathroom is not in the main building, but across the way in a closed down hotel (I believe). While this didn't bother me, I can see how it could deter others.
4	This is one of the things I miss about working downtown. This Thai BBQ is amazing. The fried rice and chicken saute are fabulous. I love this place.
5	I usually go to the one in Maryland Pkwy since it's close to my house. And i finally tried the first and original one in town.When we were looking for a parking, my first impression was really bad. The surroundings was really ghetto, i must say. The restaurant owns an abandoned apartment complex which they turned into a parking garage. I got scared for a moment...i went there around 10pm (they close 11pm) there were bums everywhere and the garage looked so haunted.When i got in, the restaurant was okay, not so fancy. I didn't really care. We were greeted by a very nice guy, whom i think was the supervisor or something like that. He chatted with us for a bit telling us how this restaurant has been established for over 20 years now. He gave us really good customer service all in all. Right before we left the place, the crew sang him a happy birthday with a cake. It was really sweet. And whats even sweeter was, he gave us a slice of the cake he was given! Made my night! Definitely going back there again! :)And as for the food, Beef Sate and BBQ chicken are my all time favorite hands down! I always make sure i order one of those whenever i'm there. Their fried rice are amazing as well! My mom loves the Tofu delight!
1	We've only been to the 3rd St location in Las Vegas, NV. The parking lot and exterior of the place made us think twice about going into the restaurant. The papaya salad and red curry were okay.  We were disappointed with the seafood combo plate.  There were several shrimps, a couple of small scallops, 2 squid pieces, and 1 mussel mixed in with lots of onions and bell peppers. We were constantly trying to shoo away a fly from our table and food. Also, the bathroom is in a closed-down motel that looks like it's going to collapse. This restaurant should be closed down like that motel.
5	If you like Thai food, you have to try the original thai bbq. Their pad se ew is to DIE for. Their thai egg rolls are delicious. Basil beef will not let you down (its not on the menu anymore, you have to ask for it!) Yes, the building is not as fancy as some other places. Yes, i've batted a fly off my plate more than once. Yes, I do NOT go to the bathroom their because I dont even WANT to know what it looks like... BUT.. the thai food is the best in town. The service rocks. And you can get a $25 gift cert. on Restaurant.com for $2. Can you beat that? I think NOT.This is the only place my husband and I go for anniversarys, date nights, birthdays.. anything!! I recommend it to everyone I know. If you KNOW good thai food, go here.
4	Las Vegas local, who enjoyed her dinner here with a few friends. The location definitely is not desirable. It's a little scary on the outside. Plus the restroom is not located in the building as mentioned in other reviews. But our food and service more than made up for it. We had crab rangoon appetizer, angel wings appetizer, beef red curry, pork green curry, bbq duck, bbq chicken, chicken sate, cucumber salad, and shrimp fried rice. All of this with non-alcoholic drinks and tip included for less than $100 (between 6 people). Will definitely return - delicious!
4	My favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas.  The location and parking leaves a little to be desired, but the food is awesome! Get there early to beat the lunch or dinner crowd because the place fills up quick.  I usually start out with a thai iced tea and then the shrimp pad thai as a main course.  Large servings at a very reasonable price.
4	Very friendly service that accommodated all requests with a smile (extra napkins etc)... Servings were generous and could've fed 2 people honestly... Felt bad about wasting what we couldn't eat but didn't want to take it back to the hotel room with no microwave or fridge-shrugs-parking/bathroom took away 1 star :(
5	Delicious food, good service and reasonable prices. I ordered BBQ chicken with the fried rice and Thai tea. Very pleased with everything.
2	On our last trip in May, we dined twice at their Flamingo location so, in spite of its seedy location, I maintained high expectations.  We each ordered the BBQ chicken that comes with shrimp fried rice. The plating was not as nice as at the other location.  Though the food was tasty, the chicken was obviously reheated and overdone.  On being presented with our check, net of my restaurant.com certificate, of only $5, I pointed out the $10 error to our server.  Our waitress initially did not understand, but upon taking the bill to the cashier we could hear them erupt into giggles which continued in spurts as other staff members were told.
3	Great customer service, delicious meal and I had the chicken dinner (posted a pic) I went with byron D.. His review is on here also :D
3	I've been here 3 times cause I bought 3 Living Social deals. The food is just ok. The service is pretty good. It's kinda in the ghetto. The restrooms are located in the creepy motel across the parking lot.
5	You can't be a local in Las Vegas and not give Thai "Original" BBQ five stars!  These guys are the OG's of thai food in Vegas. Im sure that, if they do, they will go down in sincity history.  Before all the other newcomers like Le Thai and Pin Kaow, there was that ol' dinky lil' shacky restaurant with that mysterious Thai gift shop that I've never seen open, along with the freaky boarded up Motel on the same property which introduced Vegas and Non-Thai folk alike to dishes like Pad-Thai and the well known S-1.  I don't have to go on giving my review on any particular dish simply because of the fact that every thing on the menu is incomparable.  In fact, every thai restaurant should use Thai Original as the measure to how good the quality of food they're serving.  Thai Original, Thai Reputable, Thai Delectable,Thai Historical.. Thai Mammer Jammer! (just as foxy as can be!)
2	Sorry, now that they don't make mee krob, I have no reason to go to this particular Thai restaurant.  For years I have flown into Vegas and I immediately make my sister drive me to Thai Original BBQ for the mee krob.  We even call ahead to make sure they can make it, because sometimes, they don't have all the ingredients.  During my recent visit in January, they said they're not making it anymore because it was too hard to make and not enough people order it.  Mee krob was what set them apart from literally hundreds of other Thai places in the city.  All their other food is just ordinary.
2	I came here during First Friday while we were waiting to meet up with one of Jon's friends. I had the veggie egg rolls to start. I liked that they had the clear rice noodles in them. I should have stuck to my veggie theme for my whole meal but I had ordered Hawaiian Chicken Curry. I'm very picky when it comes to chicken if it has that weird stinky chicken smell I'm turned off! I admit when I cook chicken it will sometimes have that same weird taste. I personally don't know what causes it or how to prevent it. I couldn't eat it anymore and the rice was a little soggy for my taste so I just set it aside.I thought the seating was kind of unique but I didn't like the fact that the bathroom was located outside. The bathroom was a mess and there was hardly any toilet paper. It's probably not possible to add a bathroom to their restaurant but they can control the cleanliness. They can have this locked so only customers can use it. Then have someone do bathroom duty every three hours at least.
2	Yeah...no.  People love this place, but I never really took a particular shining to it.  I'll admit, they have good lunch specials, but it all came to an end when I found a hair on my chicken one day.  And it was sort of baked into the chicken, so I knew it wasn't mine.I'm all for hole in the walls, but draw the line when someone's elses hair is baked into my food.  The end!
4	Stopped in on the way back from Pawnstars. Doesn't look like much, but great food. And a heck of a lot cheaper than anything you're going to find further down on the strip.
4	One of the best Thai's food place I have eaten in a long time. I live in OC with many good Thai restaurant but this is better than all the one in OC.  Drunken Noodle was eaten by my HIGH MAITENANCE friend and she loved it. She said best Drunken Noodle she ever had.  Parking lot and outside restaurant looks like a whole in the wall place but food makes up for it.  A block from Strastosphere.
2	Low end of Okay. I had crispy honey duck, which is normally one of my favorites, but they took crispy a step to far and made it an overdone, closer to jerky honey duck.  The shrimp fried rice was good, and the flavors were all there, just very underwhelming...you are better off going to Archies.  On a good note, nobody got sick, so that was a nice bonus
3	This review is about two years over due and docked one point from what I would have originally given.  I like Original Thai a lot.  It is one of my favorite Thai restaurants.  I have always loved the chicken satay lunch though I usually try something different.  I think I will go back to it after todays lunch.  Today I ordered the beef panang.  I have had it before and it was better then.  Today the beef was fatty and greasy.  The rice was dry and slightly crunchy.  I was not impressed.  From now on if I go for lunch, it is chicken satay or nothing.  I wish they had some of the noodle dishes on their lunch menu.  Then I could get the pad woon sen.  I had that once for dinner and it was great.  I still like Original Thai but I am going to stick with the simple and what I know from now on.  I've already tried many items from the menu.  I'll be more adventurous at another place.
3	Pretty decent Thai food.  Not my favorite Thai place, but if I'm in the area and craving Thai, this will do just fine.
4	GREAT BBQ FOOD! Pork and chicken BBQ was awesome! It came with fried rice and the BBQ sauce, very tasty!!They do have different prices for lunch and dinner menu(the bbq dishes) but generally for dinner, the portions are larger and more worth for the price you're paying.My mate and I probably took out dinner and lunch from this restaurant 3 times within 3 days in Vegas. Good stuff, and I would highly recommend it. Not too sure about the other food but service was good and it was definitely worth the wait for our hungry stomachs. Good and well within our budget as a backpacker, costs about 10 - 12 per BBQ dish, enough to feed the both of us. Definitely, this wouldnt be sufficient if it wasnt for the beers we grabbed from the petrol kiosk opp. Certainly worth a visit and do make sure you order the BBQ Pork/Chicken. Prefer the pork though.
4	I have gone to this place for years and the barbecue chicken special always is great.  It has a friendly place and in a "unique" part of town.  My recommendation is to try it out on First Fridays if you need that motivation to go downtown to the Arts District.  It is in the center of where the "best action" for First Friday starts.  The Cobalt Blue gallery of Eddie  http://www.youtube.com/user/cob4ltblu3http://shop.cob4ltblu3.ihost.net/category.aspx?categoryID=18is just down the block and it a wonderful match for the food.
4	This place is one of the only redeeming places to eat by where I live. Their pad thai is amazing and their pinapple fried rice is super yummy. Their curry is hot and their rangoons are sweet and awesome. Their crispy duck dinner was a little dry and very crispy, but pretty good for here. They now deliver, which is great if it is a million degrees outside and you are as lazy as I am. If you are vegitarian and looking for a good lunch or dinner spot, this is it! Super nice people and really cute inside. If I liked thai food more, I would go here more :)
2	We saw good reviews about this restaurant on yelp. Made us decide to eat here before leaving for LA.The dish I ordered was way too salty. I do not know why, but Thai restaurants in general season dishes too salty.Anyway, I did not want to be in the car, being dehydrated for 4-5 hours on the way back to LA. So I asked our waiter to remake it. They remade it with just right amount of salt and it was good.
3	The food is okay and the owners are friendly.  I love the random fixes of Downtown buildings, they dont have a bathroom so you have to go across the parking lot.
3	love the chicken satay
5	This place is tops blooby.  The yummy food and generous servings well made up for the fact that their parking lot had more holes in it than m-theory has strings.  I chowed on the bbq chicken.  It was tender, fleshy, and white - just how i like the ladies.  I quickly forgot about the bathroom, which sits across the street in a motel room straight outta horror flick, when i wrapped my lips around the fatty shrimp, served with my eggy fried rice.   5 stars.
3	unfortunately, this particular location has been shut down and probably not to reopen :(  this family owned chain has other locations, but this one was my personal favorite.
4	A hidden gem in the sequined world known as Sin City.This treasure lies hidden on the outskirts of Naked City. That alone congeres up images of some exotic clandestine opium den ,plucked from the pages of a pulp fiction novel.  Two  different presentations  of BBQ Duck.  Both  under $10.... Amazing not only in the fact that there are two which are both delicious ....the fact they they both come in at around  $10. Worth the trip alone. And Remember Tipping is not a city in China.
1	Don't bother ordering online at http://thaioriginalbbqlv.com   It looks like it is available and even sends you a receipt.  YOU WILL NOT GET YOUR FOOD.  the 3rd street is closed and Flamingo said "we don't have online ordering," even though it looks legitimate.
4	It's been a minute since I moved out of Vegas, but this place is so good I feltl obligated to write about it.  Everything I've ever ordered has been spot on and the service is always fast and friendly whether they're busy or not.  (They're usually very busy...)It's a simple place with traditional Thai food on the menu, but they are known for their barbecue chicken.  I've had that and the BBQ ribs several times as well as some of their soups, the fried rice and almost every shrimp dish on the menu.  All fantastic at great prices.
5	I've never eaten at the restaurant but myself and the people I work with always order take out from here, and it's amazing!  The sa-te beef dinner is to die for!  Highly reccommended!
4	Man, this review comes one year and one restaurant closing too late.  I can kind of see why this Thai Original BBQ closed down though, it was really in a 'questionable' part of town right in between The Strip and Downtown Las Vegas, and right next to a shady (and I mean Eminem Slim Shady) motel/apartment complex.  Although if I remember correctly this was the first location for this restaurant.  So original, yes.But the surroundings do not atone for the food at Thai Original BBQ.  It truly was near authentic, tastefully done.  Once you got past the funky parking lot (potholes included), and the quirky little restaurant building, your taste buds were in for a treat.  Many traditional Thai dishes can be found at Thai Original BBQ, and the menu is vast but not overwhelming.  Newbies to Thai food will find something familiar to eat, and more experienced diners will find some hidden, lesser known gems.  For our meal we stuck with the more familiar fare this time around.*Spicy Beef Salad - Slices of marinated beef, cucumbers, carrots, red onions, cilantro, fresh green chilies, and lime juice*Chicken Pad Thai - Noodles stir-fried with bean sprouts, and scrambled egg in a mild-spicy sauce topped with green onions, and ground peanutsThe Spicy Beef Salad was excellent, cold, crisp veggies, hot, juicy beef, and the sensory taste explosion of sweet, tart, and salty from the dressing.  Umami bomb!  I practically ate the entire thing by myself and almost didn't get around to sharing.  The Chicken Pad Thai was great as well, noodles were cooked just right, chicken was sliced thinly and moist, the sauce overall complemented the dish perfectly.  I don't like Pad Thai that is too sweet, and this one from Thai Original BBQ was very spot on for me.  With a squeeze of lime, I was consumed by eating.  Carbs?  What carbs?Servings were pretty generous.  But watch your heat level!  We stuck on the low end of the spectrum, a 2 or 3, but were still hit with a nice punch of chili.  Nothing my gut can't handle though.  Since the restaurant was a bit out of the way for us (and we didn't like wandering there after the sun went down) we hardly got to visit.  Unfortunate for us because the food at this That Original BBQ was exceptional.  I guess if anything, we can go to their other location on W. Flamingo Rd., which funny enough is closer to our neck of the woods!  For some good eats, Thai this place!  Ok, ok, bad pun.
5	This place is incredible.  Ordered twice and tried four different things, in order of deliciousness:- Pineapple fried rice- Drunken noodles- Panang Curry- Pad ThaiThe first three are all absolutely amazing.  The Pad Thai was a tiny bit bland.  Overall, this is my new favorite Thai restaurant by a long shot.  Way better than Le Thai especially the curry and the variety.
