2	With all the gazillion Japanese restaurants to choose from here in Vegas, this one isn't the cream of the crop.  I got the bento box with shrimp tempura (2 pieces?!) and rubbery beef teriyaki.  I think the only semi-redeeming thing is the Volcano Roll which was mediocre at best.  I don't think I'll come back anytime in the near future.
5	By far, the best Sushi in Las Vegas - OK, so everyone says that about their favorite sushi restaurant but the only way to convince you is for you to try it out yourself.  We have been going since the day they opened and have yet to catch them without the freshest fish - and that's saying something being in the desert!  ya, there's other places where they have sauces and special rolls that cover the less than perfect fish your eating - but not here.  I opt for the sashimi or nagori - it's a must try!
2	I went to Nagoya last night with my friend because one of my friends highly recommend the food here. however, it's nice to have 25 % off during the opening period, but I think the food wasn't good and I still cannot believe they charge me $ 2 for hot tea. ( wtf??)  the service was okay. Our Shirmp tempura has only two shirmps and two pieces of vegetables. ( I guess it's sweet potato and onion?)  The restaurant is owned by Korean i guess..I would rather to have BBQ here.
3	yum! but what assholes..every time I come..the females are just nasty!! the sushi chefs...absolute dolls..they serve spicy garlic edemame here and it is worth the trip..and the attitude..the fish is yummy..pretty fresh..keep in mind this is vegas..there are no oceans close by..order take out to avoid the nasty female haters!!
5	My friends and I love this place.  The food is always good and the service isn't too bad either.Some of my favorites include: spicy garlic edamame (I copied this recipe and make it at home now, so good!), sex on the beach, grand canyon roll, red and red roll (damn spicy but damn good), boom boom roll, their lunch special with teri beef and chicken katsu, and fried bananas.  Really good stuff.  Fresh and flavorful!
4	i was stayed in vegas for 2 months and i tried a couple sushi places but i found that this was one of the best ones!  there rolls are awesome service is great! there is a kind of bad smell but i think its because they crank up the heater toooo much lol anyway i recommend there rainbow roll its soooooooooo good !
5	LOVE the Alex 2!  Have tried quite a few on the menu, but the Alex 2 is the best for me!  Friendly staff, too!
4	Great food!
4	I ordered some take-out the other night. The tuna nigiri and hamachi nigiri were excellent. Really good flavor, silky soft texture, good color. The Tiger roll was also very good -- shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado. The Kamikaze roll, on the other hand, wasn't that great. The eel in it was too tough and chewy for my tastes. Service was fast and friendly and everything was ready within 15 minutes. The biggest knock on this place is the price. With the tip everything came out to about $50. That seems a little excessive for a take-out dinner, but the quality of the food was very good overall.
4	This was our regular hang out for Sushi. My Gfs and I used to here to have out little GNO (girls night out) and have our Sake Bombs after work. The staff is awesome, always making you feel at home and the next time that you return, they'll remember you or at least pretend to! The moment we walk through the door, the owners always approach us to say hi and even give all of us a hug! So sweet!Food is good! This was the first place that I had my first Screaming Orgasm, the sushi not literally. Shredded radish with Tuna sitting on top and some kinda spicy sauce. It was my favorite then I moved onto the spicy scallop roll, yep, I heart it. After having their Spicy Scallop at this location, I now judge other places on their version lol. Another one of my all time favorites is Garlic Tuna, which is so difficult to mess up, and theirs is so YUMMY. If you order a lot, they put them on these large sail boats, it's real nice presentation!If sushi, raw or cooked is not your thing, they do have a full menu of other non-sushi items like Chicken Teriyaki, Udon Soup, etc. Another option is their Teppanyaki. It's pretty good! MUCH, MUCH better than Bennihana and isn't as expensive! Restaurant is very cute. You can sit at the sushi bar, tables or if you're having Teppanyaki, where you can also order sushi, it's in a separate room.Ever since they opened up Nagoya2, we usually go over there because our favorite Sushi Chef moved to that location. Overall it's a great experience every visit to Nagoya, either location.
4	This place was a place to go for udon, soba and a la carte sushi, but now they have AYCE SUSHI!  We were seated and greeted right away when we walked in. Their AYCE sushi menu is extensive, besides the sushi, there is also udon, soba, tonkatsu, etc. that you can order. There is so much on the menu that I felt a bit overwhelmed. However, after some decisions, we decided on:1. Garlic Tuna- yummy and very garlicky2. Yellowtail- yummy and tender3. Salmon- this was a bit dry in my opinion4. Superman Burrito- unique in the way it is wrapped, very good5. Under the Sea- the spicy scallop is actually spicy! and was delicious6. Crunch #2- I'm not a big fan of gobo, but the calamari was tender7. Salmon Skin Handroll- The BF said that they aren't stingy on the salmon skin8. Mussels- This was probably my favorite! It was not tough to eat and the sauce was salty but sweet.9. Uni- I've never seen uni this color, but apparently this is how it is supposed to look.When we first got here, the rice was a bit old and hard, but they changed the rice out and it made it even better. I was impressed with the handrolls as they were definitely not stingy on the "money parts." Dinner was 24.95 a person which is cheaper than some AYCE places which is well worth it.  Overall, we will be returning for sure.
2	Honestly, if you love GOOD sushi don't do the All You Can Eat here.  At first I thought it was novel that the restaurant would make everything to order (and it is) however getting whole rolls limits you because you can really only eat so much. The rolls were really just average at best. There were no "stand outs".  But just an example of one disappointment - I ordered a roll that sounded good with soft shell crab in it, I think it was called the Red Bull. I have been eating sushi for over 20 years and softshell crabs for over 35 years. I know it when I see it. There was simply nothing more than minced crab stick in the roll.. When I asked about it the lady "assured" me that it was soft crab but the chef chops it up for the roll. Huh? It was not good at all. out of 4 rolls I ordered only one was really any good. Not to mention their rules that you have to eat all of what you order - no wasting the rice or you will be surcharged. Their sushi pieces had way too much rice (which is obviously their goal to fill you with rice).Honestly... don't do it. If you know good sushi you will be soarly disappointed. In all honesty I can't speak for the rest of the options on the AYCE menu, why fill-up on noodles when you can order sushi.
5	This is probably my favorite AYCE sushi place in Vegas as of right now. We came here on a Friday and it wasn't packed....granted it was only 6 pm on a hot 106 degree night. We've been sitting at the bar and requesting Sean as our sushi chef the past few times we've been coming. The fish was very fresh and everything just tasted so good. I think I have a problem when it comes to sushi, I'm pretty much addicted to it. We decided to try some new rolls this time. Sex on the Beach: this is definitely NOT a disappointment...spicy scallop was spicy enough to give you a lil zingScreaming O: O yes.....this was as good as its nameX-Mas- This is another one of my new favorites with the Screaming O sauceWe also decided to get the sweet shrimp, since it is included in the AYCE. I wasn't a big fan of the sweet shrimp until the past two months, but now I like it. The way that Nagoya deep fried the head (sounds utterly disgusting) and seasoned it was so delicious that it left me wanting more. The actual shrimp part was smaller than what I've had in the past, but it was good. I also asked the chef for something with yellowtail and spicy scallop so he just put some yellowtail nigri with spicy scallop on top. SCORE! I left full, but now I am wanting to go back for more sushi. Service was attentive and empty dishes were cleared right away. I will be back for more.....hopefully soon.
4	I've been here twice now and I have mixed reviews now.  I think the all you can eat sushi menu is very very good and everything I ordered was fantastic. However there's a difference between skimpy rolls and over doing it.  This place WAYYYY over stuffs their rolls and not in a good way. The sushi chef was even laughing about how he over stuffed it and could barely roll it.  I'm not even talking about just the rice (yes they put too much rice in) but they also put too much crab meat filling in too.  Both times I were there, they were also out of uni (sea urchin) and I was VERY disappointed in that.  The chef said he only gets uni 1 day a week and that it only stays fresh for a very short amount of time (I hate excuses don't lie to me) Sushi mon is NEVER out of uni.  Their hand rolls although very very good, were HUGE. I refused to order a side item because a side item should be small and they were full orders.  The staff is very friendly and I had a good time talking with them and they made everyone feel like we were their friends (which I didn't mind at all) but the one server kept trying to massage my shoulders and I hated it. It actually hurt and makes me cringe. That's where I draw the line. Have a great time with your guests and make them feel welcome but NEVER touch them EVER!!! I would be willing to go back if their portions weren't overly big. In this case it's NOT a good thing.  Sorry but it's true.
2	It saddens me to write this review - it really does...Hubby and I went here for date night recently and we were so disappointed I almost wanted to cry..  A little history first...We stumbled into this establishment within a week of opening back in 2005 and instantly fell in love with the owners - still beyond friendly to this day  - and the teppanyaki room.  No matter when we went, you know whichever chef was working was going to give a great show with delicious food made with high quality ingredients...We moved quite some distance away and our visits became less frequent but we still always looked forward to visiting whenever possible.  We went earlier this year and their standards definitely dropped but I just thought it was a bad night - nothing bad enough to give a bad yelp review for.  Unfortunately that was not the case...Well, on our most recent visit when I saw no one in the room at 6:45ish on a Friday night - that should have been Clue #1 that it was going to be bad.  Clue #2 should have been that their grills were cold and it took a half hour to heat up - who know when the last time they were used.  Clue # 3 was when I asked if I could have grilled shrimp instead of chicken with my ribeye and was told no - that has never been an issue before in 5 years.Got the soup and it changed from before - no more amazing miso broth with delicate mushrooms and onion slivers - it was hard chunks of tofu in a indescriable in not a good way cloudy broth that tasted rancid.  Then onto the salad - what used to be a nice mix of microgreens is now iceburg lettuce salad in a bag - and a teaspoon (if that) of bottled past its prime dressing - yippee (not)!  When you are paying over $30 a piece for dinner - please at least make an effort to make it less "bag-like".Now onto dinner ... after waiting forever for the grill to warm up - we were starving and looking foward to the "show"...  The chef (you could tell he did not do this very often) - couldn't even get his matches lit - after a while he gave up and started cooking the veggies (he put them in a very big dice and they were barely warm - they were tough and rubbery - not fresh at all).  He then made the rice and it had zero flavor and barely any veggies or egg in it.  It just didn't taste good at all. Then he placed the ribeye (which I asked for medium rare), chicken and shrimp on the grill all together - he burned the shrimp, and the steak was so tough, well done and tasted off - I couldn't eat it.  His flair skills were horrible too and we did not have a good time.  At that point we just wanted the check and wanted to go home.  We never left hungry from Nagoya before and we were both very disappointed and I felt sick to my stomach.  The only reason this is getting a two star rating is because the owner and the servers are still beyond friendly and nice and were very happy to see us.  I  noticed this place has mainly turned into an AYCE sushi place - unfortunately it was at the expense of what we felt was the best teppanyaki place in Vegas.  I know the owner is trying to keep two restaurants afloat in this horrific economy - but maybe shutter one of them and bring the quality back to the one remaining.  We won't be back :(
5	This is an AMAZING restaurant. The food and the pricing simply doesn't correlate.  Very cheap prices for some of the best  sushi in Vegas.  Way off the strip in Summerlin, the drive is worth it.
1	My intentions were all you can eat, but after eating a couple of nigiris which was disappointing because the size of the rice was as big as my fist!  I ended up paying for ala carte, paid for my bill and said sayonara!
1	Stay Away - Food poisoning! A group of my coworkers and I came here to eat at 7:00pm on a Friday night. We should've heeded the warning sign that it was virtually empty. Regardless, we decided to give it a try. To begin with, the waiter came to our table after we ordered some drinks and spilled hot tea on my leg. Then, they gave way too much rice with their nigiri in an attempt to fill you up faster for all you can eat (AYCE). Finally, they are strict about their time limit, to which the waiter came and reminded us. To top it all off, all of us got food poisoning and literally had violent vomiting and exploded out our bums.Stay away! You've been warned.
1	This place is no good now - HUGE portions of rice in the nigiri, and 3 of our group came down with food poisoning after eating here.The yakisoba and other appetizers weren't that good either, even if you ignore the issues with the nigiri and our getting sick.Would not recommend, ever.
4	It was a Saturday afternoon, and my boyfriend, his sister and I were bored and hungry.  So we go on over to Nagoya, which is super close to his house. I don't like sushi, but my boyfriend does. The non-sushi items saved the day for me.It was before 3 PM, and they were having their all-you-can-eat-sushi deal for roughly 20 bucks. I have no idea if that is a good deal or not, but it sounded good at the time for my boyfriend, who feasted on the popcorn lobster roll, the volcano roll, yakisoba noodles, and mochi for dessert. According to him, it was all fantastic. And it all looked good, too, and sushi makes me gag. If I were a sushi fanatic, I'd definitely go for the popcorn lobster roll. The roll was good sized and the popcorn lobster that it was adorned with was delicious! (Yes I picked those off for him ;))They charge you for any uneaten sushi, so eat up!Many of the options they had on the menu sounded really yummy. Maybe if I ever start to like sushi, I might try some.I ordered chicken udon noodles, which were nice and thick and the broth was a great pick-me-up for an otherwise dreary day.His sister ordered a plate of vegetable fried rice, which was cheap, and it was a big plate.It was a decent dining experience. I'd go back again, to try their desserts and appetizers :)
5	I probably have a different take on what makes a good suhi place than some others.As far as whats important to me...this place nailed it.            - AYCE sushi            - Reasonable price            - Well rolled, intact sushi rolls            - Good variety of sushi rolls            - Fresh ingredients            - Good serviceFirst, Nagoya is a little cuter than your avargae sushi joint.  Nice decor and ambiance.  The AYCE dinner is $23.95.  Perfy!  The large hot sake is $7. Nice.Me and the Mr. sat at the bar.  The sushi chef was friendly and accomodating and our server was super nice and attentive.  We consumed approximately $100 worth of food for the bargain price of $50.  I can't possibly remember everything but some of the highlights include:You MUST have the roasted galic edamame. Pure joy!  Its warm and fresh and tossed with copious amounts of chilli and roasted garlic. Delectable.The baked green mussels were outstanding.  We had 4 orders.  They were reminiscent of fresh sea air! yum.The mushroom miso soup was served extra hot, which I like, and nice and flavorful.The hamachi and snapper sushi was crisp, light, and fresh.The popcorn lobster roll was a definite highlight!  Spicy and sweet and crunchy...oh my!We tried sex on the beach, steak roll, mango salsa roll, and two others...they really did have lots of creative choices!  Hubs had uni, salmon eggs, and others and inhaled them all.Furthermore, the AYCE menu goes above and beyond most other joints.  It includes all their noodles (like soba and udon) plus all their appetizers and desserts!  This is not always the case!!!We left full, content, and warm and fuzzy from sake for $69! $83 with tip!My kind of sushi! I'll definitely go back...and soon!
2	Okay sushi.. Not my first choice.. Got the AYCE dinner. Ehhhh. The fish wasn't fresh, the staff was nice but inattentive. Looks like they have a teppanyaki area too, but didn't see anyone there, & don't even know if they still offer it. Not good food.. Just okay. Gave them 2 stars for how quick they seated us, & how nice the sushi chefs were.
4	Yum did you say sushi? I ate here with my bf on a Friday night and I have to say that I was a bit impressed since I love sushi. That being said they have a variety of rolls (all sound so yummy), a huge AYCE menu, and I didn't have to wait to be seated. Of course I did the AYCE since I love getting my grub on. Now to the food... Cajun Albacore (Good, but too much rice) Octopus (I love octopus and that's that, too much rice though) Red Bull Roll (half order, loaded with flavor and has a kick to it) Popcorn Lobster (one of my favorite rolls, yes it's that good) Screamin O (must try) Tempura Green tea Ice cream I'd definitely come back to this place and totally recommend this spot to the sushi lovers. Prices are good, service was good, and food was delicious.
1	Worst place ever!  Sushi was horrible, too much rice, and 30 minutes in between rolls.  Terrible service, don't speak english...SUCK, they DO!
5	great price and great menui haven't seen an ayce with more varitiesi would recommend....red n redblack jackpopcorn lobsterchicken yakitorigrand canyoncrunch #1red bullgarlic edamameage tofutempura ice cream or mochi
1	This place might have the worst sushi I've ever tasted.  The rolls I had lacked flavor and were heavy handed on the rice. The ingredients were very low quality and hard to distinguish amongst all the rice.  Their accompanying sauces were terrible as well and noticeably store bought and not made in house. I'm truly amazed that this place is still in business because it is just fowl. AYCE is probably keeping them afloat, but even that isn't a great deal because it's all you can eat shit! Albertsons seriously makes better sushi; my grandma who doesn't know/never had sushi could make better rolls. Understand my point? Their rolls are like going to McDonald's ordering a 1/4lb with cheese and receiving a 1/16lb with cheese and extra bun. I thought Kaizen was half-assed, but they look like Bar Masa compared to Nagoya. So this review isn't entirely negative, I thought I should mention that their Asahi beer was quite tasty. The only thing on the menu that lived up to expectations. Is there a way to give zero stars?
2	The only thing I liked about this sushi bar was the size.  It is very large.  Custom rolls were weak, freshness was questionable and the price was way to high.  Have not been back.
4	Love the AYCE sushi! I love anything cream cheese, and popcorn lobster was very good too! there's a great variety of chef specials!
4	Been here a few times now , and so far its been pretty good for a lunch place.   I had AYCE sushi the first time , which is normal priced and normal types of offierings.  Nothing that stands out and goes WOW!. The last 2 times i have had the bento box lunches w\ Teryiaki Chicken and Salad etc.   For the price and how quikcly we get the food it is a good value. The miso soup is very flavorful and i enjoy it much. I will continue to go here with my co workers for lunch..
1	This place used to have hope and had a chance for survival but they went WAY down hill. Going to an empty sushi restaurant is NEVER a good idea.  I didn't want to drive somewhere for a lunch special (although I should have) and since nagaoya is close to my house, I stopped in for a lunch special.  Their lunch specials SUCK.  Not one of their lunch bento boxes came with even a california roll.  They did have a lunch special that came with a cali roll and 5 piece sushi but NOTHING else and it was like $10 (I think NOT)  So I ordered the basic bento box for $9  I chose salmon terriyaki and shrimp and vegetable tempura.  I knew ahead of time this was gonna be a crappy lunch and of course when I got it home. It definitely was.I got a slice of salmon terriyaki about 1 1/2" wide and about 3 inches long. I got 1 small piece of shrimp tempura, 1 onion ring and 1 sweet potato slice tempura.  Miso soup that was lacking flavor (should've made my own at home) and their salad didn't even have asian dressing on it, it had thousand island (what a joke) and a small scoop of rice (which is normal) and 1 piece of red snapper and 1 piece of chopped imitation crab)  for $9What a Fu**in JOKELet's compare. $1 less you could've gone to buffet @ Asia and gotten an entire to go box of whatever you wanted for lunch (sushi, tempura, chicken skewers, calamari etc)  OR gone to sushi mon for the same price and gotten a WHOLE slice of salmon terriyaki, a WHOLE 8 piece cali roll, salad with real asian dressing, good miso soup. You also could've gone to naked fish for about the same price and gotten more food and fresher food as well vs nagoya.  What was good about this place?  Hmmmm service was good and my to go order was fast. Oh wait cause I was the ONLY person in there. So you're damm right it should've been good service and fast.  This place is a joke and if there are people out there that think this place  is good, go drive 15 min up the street to Goyemon, or Sushi-mon or Hikari.  You will see the difference in a heart beat, oh and guess what the dining room won't be empty at these places because the food and service is actually great vs an empty place at Nagoya.
4	This place is very close to my house so I go there often. The staff is super friendly and the sushi is pretty dang good. When I first started going they didn't have AYCE. But in the last couple years they started doing that. I'm never disappointed and always very full and happy by  the end. Order the RED n RED if you like garlic ponzuThe Baked Green Mussels Volcano RollThose are my favorites!
1	I haven't been back to Nagoya in VERY LONG while and tonight's food was very disappointing. The nigri was overstuffed with rice and crap rice at that. The rice was so mushy and had a funny flavor, that when you tried to chew you felt like gagging. The fish was just not fresh at all, bland with a weird after taste. I finally ended up just ordering a shrimp tempura udon. The udon itself was good, but the shrimp had so much breading that wasn't fully cooked that I just felt sick after eating all the above (we only ordered 4 different nigris). We had just had sushi a week ago at some other place which was dang delicious, so our sushi taste buds were not off tonight. I'm sorry Nagoya, but like my husband said "Grocery store sushi was better than what we ate today at Nagoya."
4	One of my favorite sushi places to go to in town. 2 Reasons why I choose to go here:1. Price. Cheapest doesn't always mean nastiest. For affordable sushi that is still quite delicious.-and-2. Popcorn Lobster. 'nuff said about this.  Just try it and let your mouth decide.Although I like to experience other sushi joints, this place is def'in my top three. Especially if i'm in the mood for some Popcorn Lobster/Seaweed Salad.Note: If you're not looking for some AYCE sushi, Do not come here. Overpriced when it comes to a-la-cart. Yet...super affordable when it comes to AYCE. Ehhh, how things even out right?
1	I placed an order to go at Nagoya Japanese Restaurant once before. When I was there the last time I was told they do NOT have TO GO menus, but they do have their menu on their website. Today I went on the website & check out the menu. Called in, place an for 2 Dynamite. On the website the price is $6.95. But when I got there I was charged $9.95. When I asked them about the price I was told it was changed. I asked them if they had a TO GO menu. They said they only have the one online.Do they just come up with a MYSTERY price every time I go into pay?
3	This is a strange little place.  They advertise teppanyaki but the teppanyaki room is never open.  They have AYCE sushi.  The sushi is very good and fresh and we have yet to see a crowd.   You can also get everything else on the menu.  The staff is very friendly.  Our only complaint is the lack of variety in the sushi specials.  Although there are three columns of special rolls they are all very similar except for a few with strange sauces.  We have tried nearly everything and only about 1/3 - 1/2 of the items have received repeat performances. There are the usual rules about sharing and leftovers but they don't appear too strict here. We get the AYCE because we can share and try more items for less money. They will make half rolls on request.  We try to go here about once a month since our 7 year old loves her some sushi.  Our search for the perfect sushi place continues but until we find it, Nagoya will keep us fat and happy.
3	Came here yesterday, 3/1/12 and I enjoyed it, I thought they had good sushi. The place was nice and clean and the staff was nice but not very helpful. I mean this was our fist time here and we asked our waitress for recommendations and what their specialities were but she didnt really give us anything.Two of my favorite rolls are the Popcorn Lobster and the Red Tiger, hmmmm!!Another plus to this sushi restaurant is that their all you can eat sushi is $19.95 for lunch, which is not bad considering a lot of sushi restaurants are usually $23.95 for lunch.
2	So I want to update this review. This is my 3rd time here.  1st time was well over a year ago for AYCE, then a few weeks ago for a lunch take out special (which was horrible) But I figured maybe I mis judged them and I should try the AYCE again.  So.... I walked in and there were about 8 other people there (not too busy). Hell I was surprised to even see that many actually.  They have 2 chef's behind the counter and I'm waiting patiently and I finally place my order. They typically stuff their rolls FULL of too much rice, so my first order was small just in case.  To my surprise it was a normal amount. I was beginning to think that they may have changed their ways.  The sushi chefs were a bit slow and I caught on pretty quickly that this was going to be a problem, because a saw a party of 4 walk in, then a few other small parties and a few people also sat down at the sushi bar.  For most places, this is great and I'm always glad to see that people are coming in, but the sushi chefs here were already so slow, now what are they going to do.  Well it took forever to get my next few orders and I started to see why. They were very detailed with some of the orders and I don't mind that, but ONLY if you can do that and do it quickly.  Other orders were SOOOO skimpy.  I enjoyed their sex on the beach roll but it's topped with slices of salmon.  The salmon slice didn't even cover the top of each piece of sushi, it was also incredibly thin, and part of the roll wasn't even cut into pieces. All in all their quality was fairly good and I enjoyed my handrolls very much but I somehow knew this was gonna happen as it often happens at mediocre places like this.. I order my uni and sweet shrimp "oh I'm sorry we're out"  I WAS PISSED!!!!and it was on a Wednesday TOO.  (I happen to know that Tuesday and Wednesday are the best days for sushi because of the fish markets in asia, so there was NO reason to be out of it) once again they most likely didn't want to serve it as part of the all you can eat.What's sad is this place has GREAT potential, and you can easily see that from the menu, the variety of rolls and even the sushi chefs. At one point I wanted to stand up and shout out how easily they are making this a bad place and it doesn't have to be.All they have to do is work faster MAYBE put a 3rd sushi chef on, and don't be so skimpy with their fish. I understand cost and not over doing it either but don't be skimpy. There are PLENTY of other great AYCE sushi places that don't skimp at all.This place is very very borderline  about coming back for a return visit.  I typically eat in 45 min I was there approx 1 hr 20 min.  That is just TOO long for just goin by myself.  Work on your speed Nagoya. Guests were comin in the door to give you a chance and you're blowing it and yet you have great potential.
2	When sushi is your favorite food in the world, you would expect that trying to find a new favorite sushi bar (because the old one broke your heart) would be exciting - right? First of all, it's supposed to be hard to find "bad" sushi. After all, if the fish is fresh the only factor left should be the rice - or so at least that was my perception until recently. As it turns out, bad sushi has little to do with the freshness of the fish. Bad sushi is a product of bad management.Nagoya is good example of "bad" sushi, simply due to the fact that management has decided that several of the factors that make up a good sushi bar are too expensive to offer. I understand that offering AYCE can be a financial concern, so I expect that some types of sushi are going to be offered on a "one per visit" or "dinner price only" basis, as many places around town will do. But what I cannot forgive, is not stocking those items at all.During my visit to Nagoya, there were several of my favorite sushi offerings that were simply not available; some are not even stocked on a regular basis. So even though I was willing to pay extra for the sea urchin, there was none to be had. And to add insult to injury, the salmon roe was not fresh (it was actually very nasty) AND they do not carry quail eggs - what?. The chef said they do not carry quail eggs (which are an essential compliment to the salmon roe and sea urchin) because they do not get enough call for it. Well I've been to the 168 market and I know that a dozen quail eggs is extremely cheap - so I say that's a crappy excuse, but one I expect from a crappy sushi bar.Just to note: the sushi chef was actually great. It's just too bad he has so little to work with.
4	Another good experience at Nagoya.  Went out for date night with hubby.  It was a bit disconcerting that we were the only table there....Nonetheless, everything was delicious.  No complaints.  I'm still a huge fan of some of their AYCE offerings like the garlic edamame, and the mushroom miso.  It's nice to get a few out of the box options.  Other apps such as the baked green mussels and gyozas were great as well.  Sushi and rolls were fresh, flavorful, and rolled right.  We were pleased with all of of our choices.  The only bummer was that they were out of uni for hubs.  Boo!They offer buy one get one free hot sake so they are only $3.50.  Yay!  We had excellent service, but, like I said, we were the only table there.  Top notch AYCE sushi in my book!  The price did go up - I believe it was $24.95 this time around.
2	Just got done with a dinner box which consisted of chicken teriyaki, yakitori, and shrimp tempura. The whole thing was bland, there goes 15 bucks down the drain.
2	Food was good and customer service, just a bit over priced.
5	All you can eat sushi and its soooo good! Friendly staff, clean (not fancy) setting, and a creative and fresh menu. We love the rolls and really love the prices.
2	1 Star for location and price, 1 because my Kamikaze roll was "ok". There was no one at the door, so I had to sneak back to ask if I could seat myself although it didn't look inviting. I had called to ask I wifi was available, answer was yes, but unfortunately this didn't exist. Salmon sashimi was extremely thick cut. Miso soup came out in a bowl that was very cold; not the soup, the bowl. It had been refrigerated or something. Soup lasted 30 secs.
3	Whenever I eat at Nagoya, there are 3 items that I am sure to order first: The Screaming Orgasm (Seriously delish), Tiger Roll (which is good almost everywhere) and the Red & Red roll (which is similar to Tiger Roll, except it's regular tuna on top but with a spicy ponzu rather than sweet eel sauce) These are my top 3. After I've had my fix, I'll start to explore the menu for other yummy things. Now, although not everything I have ordered from Nagoya was good (there are a few rolls I am not a fan of) for the most part, I know what my taste buds enjoy, and try to stick to what is in the range of that. For instance, ordered a Nato roll once. That was a huge mistake, and I really think it was Nagoya's fault, I should have known I would not like fermented beans. My mistake. I had a burrito roll (not sure if that's the real name) but I found out I don't like deep fried rolls (too much rice). Now, anywhere I visit for sushi, I don't order things like that. Over the years, I have noticed that, with sushi becoming more popular and more sushi places opening up around town and stepping their game up, Nagoya has been less busy than when I first started going there.  Sometimes I would go in for dinner, and be the only table in the place, however, it's always satisfying. The price is reasonable as well.--Went there just recently, and I am not sure if it was because there was a new sushi chef or what, but I was a little disappointed with the quality of the sushi (especially my screaming o) It just didn't do it for me; I've noticed the difference the past couple of times we ate here.
2	Even though this is the closest AYCE sushi restaurant to my office, I really need to stop coming here. Once every 6 months or so I mistakenly forget how bad the rolls are and decide to eat lunch at Nagoya. I did it again today. Hopefully this review will remind me next time. Never again.I begin with shrimp tempura and calamari tempura appetizers. Too much breading. Almost more breading than seafood. My next order was salmon and eel nigiri. Not bad. Next was a baked roll (volcano roll) and a deep fried roll (can't remember). Both terrible. I conclude with tuna and spicy tuna nigiri. Again, not bad. The decent nigiri saves Nagoya from the dreaded one star rating.Final verdict: 2 stars
3	There's really only one reason to come here: all-you-can-eat sushi. Even if you just want one roll and some seaweed salad or something, the AYCE price is cheaper than paying a la carte. It's in a strip mall, as is the standard in Vegas. It's small-ish with sushi bar seating and then a few tables around the room.The menu was lengthy. There were a lot of rolls to choose from, which I appreciated. And you can order half sizes of the rolls, so you can try out more types.Everything was alright. Nothing was bad. Nothing was great. It was average and mediocre. Not the greatest quality, but not bad quality either. This is a very middle of the road establishment.
2	I am not sure what to say, at first I thought we were in for a good meal. The place is small but nice. Very clean.   I do not eat sushi, my DH does. We both did get the AYCE as it is for the entire menu. I really should have read the entire menu. Down in the lower corner where it states no leftovers. I honestly did not know. Never have encountered such a thing before. Not once while we were ordering did the server mention the leftover rule. We did not go overboard by any means. my husband did leave some sushi as he did not like one of the rolls. The food was ok. For me the best was the egg roll and the fried rice. My husband did enjoy the other two rolls he ordered. One was crab. At the end of our meal the server came over and then went on to tell us about the leftover rule. I had to ask her to repeat it as I was not understanding. We both felt like we were being scolded. She went on to tell us she will not charge us this time as it was our first time here. We paid our check and left. We both felt so uncomfortable. Honestly we did not have a lot of food left. We did not even order alot. We did not order dessert.  Needless to say we will not be back.   The 2 stars is for the egg roll and the fried rice.
2	Pretty good selection and decent food...only problem is the people running this place are very cheap and try to limit your selection of the quality stuff at every turn. Then they charge you extra if you do not finish your plate clean of sushi rolls you did not like. The F with that. Not to mention they have an extreme attitude and have high expectations on tip. Go somewhere else, put places like these out of business.
1	No need for a long review for this place. Freshness of the fish used for sushi is questionable. And a fellow diner found a cockroach in their food, causing a quick exodus of clients. Never going back again.If only zero stars was an option.
4	Food was delicious, but I hardly ever go to Japanese places because the portions are microscopic for my big gas tank. $20 on lunch and still hungry.
1	Never coming back! :-(  this is my review.. Ok how can I say this, my  sushi roll was tasteless. I have to say that the service was excellent! But not coming back. --- no vuelvo a regresar a este lugar :-( ESA Es mi critica... MMM el sushi no tenia nada de sabor. Lo si  tengo q decir Es que el servicio fue bueno
5	I have eaten here once and it was fantastic! We ordered a couple kinds of rolls, some with fish some without, both were excellent - they put some kind of sweet sauce on the crab rolls and it was exceptional! We also had some vegetarian tempura and that too was really, really good. Beyond that, the service was excellent, the waitress even noticed our inability to use chopsticks so she doctored them up with a rubber band to make them fool proof and it worked! I will absolutely go there from now on when I need a sushi fix!
5	When I lived in the SW, this restaurant was within a walking distance from me. I loved eating there! Food was always excellent, good service & moderate prices. I was worried they might close soon, because this beautiful place was practically always empty, often I was the only customer there. Well, I moved from the area while they were still open. Sorry to hear they are closed now... :(( Probably, location was not very good for the business, kind of hidden from the view from Rainbow.
1	I would prefer naked fish over nagoya.  I ordered a hamachi and it look all burnt and hard as a rock when I was eating it.   Im not much of a complaint but being a sushi restaurant.  Should you be more focused on quality of your dish and care how it would attract more customers??  I give it 1 out of 5 stars.   Maybe they will improve?
