4	Palatte takes the best of its historic house digs (around the corner from Cibo) and its smart gourmet sensibilities and caters to the brunch-yearning crowd downtown with flying colors.  You'll find a creative menu with such things as griddle cakes, but my favorite grub here is the scrambled egg mish mash with beef sausage.  It was melt in your mouth good, without all the artery clogging butter you'll find at Matt's down the street. The counter-style service here was attentive and quick for a somewhat busy crowd.  I was really impressed with Palatte - it's my new favorite breakfast place now -- up there with Farm at South Mountain.  I'm eager to try it again to see if it warrants a fifth star.
5	This place needs a sixth star.The most romantic place for breakfast in all of Phoenix ... outdoor and indoor dining ... it's self seating ... but before you select your table you place your order on the supplied clipboards ... you then you turn them in and pay and they give you a number to place on your table.  A waitress supplies water and your drinks ... but you serve yourself coffee (all of which works out PERFECTLY).Bar none this the (new) best breakfast place in town ... I had the pancakes which were out of this world.  We sat outside with a picturesque view of downtown all while a guitar player played ... just AMAZING ... Yet again another incredible independent business playing a huge roll in the amazing resurrection of Downtown Phoenix.Go here ... seriously ... you WILL thank me (no need, really)!
2	Hmm, had a not so good experience.Probably not going back. Well, I guess even the coolest places have to have growing pains.Oh, and the music sucks now. The now have two boys that sound exactly alike.Even more offensive, one of the guitarists was smoking near my table as he was "setting up".
5	I love going out for breakfast on the weekends, but finding great places in the downtown area can be a challenge. Or, it used to be, until Palatte came along. Now, I think i'm in love.The food is amazing. Everything on our table was delicious, and I wouldn't change a thing about any of it. I had the incredible Potato mish mash, and my dining companion loved the griddle cakes and a side of chicken sausage. The breakfast potatoes are tasty and cooked to perfection. The  toast was great- not your typical sandwich bread slices.  One thing that really endears me to this place is the fact that they do not serve tap water. It is a small thing, yes, but living in a city with horrid water makes me appreciate restaurants that take the extra care to serve their guests something that they themselves would drink.I cannot say enough good things about this place. The atmosphere is great, even when the place is packed, decorated with French country flair and pieces that would make my living room swoon. The outdoor seating area is equally adorable, and huge. The majority of the items they have in and around the restaurant are for sale, and there is a small gift shop in the rear of the restaurant for other quirky items. One last thing- if you go, and you should, do not leave Palatte without checking out the bathrooms. (both of them) You've never seen anything like it, promise.
4	What a gem.  All the food, that I've had, is great.  I love the way the neighborhood has embraced this establishment.  I've gone only a few times and I see some of the same people each time.  Nice touch with the coffee bar and the willows botique.  I avoid it on the weekends, due to supply and demand...not prices but more congestion and waits.  I feel though if this is the only time you can make it then deal with the wait and enjoy!
3	Let me start by saying, the outdoor patio could not be more pleasant. The moment I sat down out there, I didn't want to leave. I litereally could have stayed there all day.Although it's a cool place overall, I found the inside to be not nearly as comfortable as the outside.I took a star away because it was pretty pricey (most things on the menu were $8 or more). The food was good, but not good enough to warrant the high prices. To me Palatte isn't really appropriately named, as it's more about the atmosphere than the food.
4	I'm digging this place.The outdoor space is beautiful.  I had The Bev-- eggs with tomatoes, spinach and tomatoes, it was great!all the details of Palatte have been covered, the menu, the water on the table, even the cutesy table numbers.  It looks like what Anthropologie would do if they opened a restaurant.
4	Perhaps it was because I had skipped breakfast or perhaps it was love at first sight, but food that would have normally tasted average to me, suddenly became delicious!  We gobbled up the overcooked brussel sprouts with bland slivers of bacon and inhaled the roasted sweet potato pancakes ($8 including choice of bacon or sausage) which were the furthest thing from fluffly.  But it didn't matter because love is blind or, in this case, taste-blind.  We fell in love with the cuteness of this place as soon as we walked in.We went for lunch on a Friday at peak hour and had to wait in line for almost 15min to place our order.   That was quickly forgotten when we managed to snag some comfy couches outside under the shade of a giant sun umbrella.  Our food was brought to us quicker than our wait in line.  (FYI, you're given a number on a stand which you put on your table.  This is brilliant because it allows you to sit anywhere you want after you place your order.)Even more brilliant is the way they put together the tarts.  Instead of baking them ahead of time, they only bake the crust ahead and cook the fillings to order - this cuts down on wastage at the end of the day and speeds up cooking time.  Our mushroom tart was creamy and decadent ($9.50 includes choice of pear salad or brussel sprouts - salad was much better).The cafe au lait ($2) was unfortunately on the watery side but the slim mint tea ($2.50) which comes in a large pot was delicious. They're open 7am-3pm everyday except Monday and have recently  stayed open into the evening for First Fridays.
4	I thought Palatte was nice.It wasn't outstanding, it didn't amaze me, I didn't melt into my seat in euphoria.  The atmosphere is cute, although I could do without the view of the old high rise apartment building across the street.  So either try to sit with your back to the street and leave that view to your dining companions or find a spot that is nestled in a perfect position so that you don't need to see them.  I did enjoy the guitar player that they had and if you like their furniture enough you can even purchase it!The fast food esque ordering system works I guess but it makes me feel like a lush when I have to go back up to order another mimosa.  Which brings me to my next point....food and drink.  My mimosa was just ok...yes, the OJ was fresh squeezed but I personally do not like pulpy mimosas.  I have no idea where these oranges were from (Cali I assume) but they were no FL oranges...they were incredibly sweet, not the way an orange should be, almost tasting of apple juice.  (My sister ordered just a plain OJ and she agreed so I'm sure its not because it was mixed with champagne.  She actually made a face upon her first sip)  I ordered The Bev as well and I wasn't terribly impressed.  The eggs were really wet.  They were runny per se but they were a tad on the slimy side, as was the avocado.  Some of the potatoes were a nice crispy brown some were barely cooked.  And the toast was half buttered.  (Although the jam was great)  My sister chose the apple fritter French toast which she really enjoyed, and she doesn't normally go for French Toast with fruit.  My husband selected the potato scramble which he enjoyed as well.  (Although he did find the eggs to be wet in the same manner but he attributed to the cheese that was in the scramble, although my eggs had no cheese and the same problem)$9 is a standard price for a brunch entree so that really didn't phase me.  I do kinda wish that they were open at night for dinner as the lights they have strung up in the trees would be really lovely.   It was a very nice and relaxed dining experience, not the best that I've had in the valley but would be a good brunch choice if you are planning on doing something downtown that day.
4	Ok...so I will admit that I actually liked this place. The atmosphere was very chill and it didn't have that "Scottsdale" feel of superiority.I went with a friend and I had the turkey sandwich with the French salad which was pretty damn good...trust me if I am raving about a salad it must be good.What did throw me off was that you don't really have a waiter. You walk in you grab a menu (that looks like a medical chart) and you place your order with the cashier and pay for it all at once. Then they bring you your food (just like Pei Wei).So I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and I am definitely going back. P.S. Does anyone know why they have price tags on everything? Are they always selling their furniture? I felt like I was eating at Pottery Barn!
5	Awwwhhh, I LOVE this place!Part of what I love about Yelp and being a part of the Yelpyness is discovering little places off the beaten path. Sure, I will occasionally get my McDee's Sausage McMuffin on or even crack for the Endless Shrimp deal at Red Lobster, but what I love more than anything are the little mom and pop's, the hole in the walls and places like Palatte.When we headed over here today, I honestly thought my friend got lost. Hey, it's her town and what do I know, I am just visiting, so you will hear no backseat driver antics out of me. Finally we pulled up to this little house in the middle of a residential area and voila...brunchtastic fun at its finest.I don't even want to venture a guess at how crowded this place must get on the weekends judging by how busy it was at 11:30 on a Friday, but if you have the patience, definitely stop in here. The atmosphere is great, the people working here are super cool, the cooks have tats (yay!) and the food is awesome!I ordered the Potato, which basically translates to eggs, bacon, caramelized onions, gouda cheese and fresh fruit and yummy lightly buttered sourdough toast. It was just like something you'd make at home...if you were a really good chef and awesome :) Tasty, filling, but didn't have me feeling that after breakfast lull like most brunch places can.If I lived in Phoenix this would be a must stop and quite often. Definitely check this out! You will love it!!
5	Whenever I'm at any of our locally owned places like FEZ, Switch, Cibo, Lost Leaf, etc, I feel so proud of what is happening here, and so excited to be here as it's beginning.  Palatte really embodies all of this.  It's wonderful to see places like this (and the others I mentioned) that are so obviously and truly labors of love, where you just can't miss the thought and dedication that go into them.Anyway, taking my nose out of downtown Phoenix restaurateurs' bums and on to the actual review:YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!  I am a pancakes and bacon girl, and oh my, did Palatte deliver!  Delicious pancakes (and in a reasonable portion, not some absurd stack of pancakes that weighs more than me), and the bacon was perfect too.  A help-yourself coffee bar is a great idea, and it's good coffee, too.  Dave also got something called a "marshmellow muffin"... I have no idea what that means, but it was sticky and gooey and good.Throw in the sweet and cozy inside that oozes warmth and the beautiful patio, and I'm hooked.  Can't wait to try some of the sandwiches and other breakfast items (although I bet every time I go, I'll cave and get the pancakes again).
4	Palette has the advantage of being mere steps from my place, so its the type of review that starts with 5-stars and works its way down.  Coincidentally, it also happens to be a fantastic restaurant, so no need to demote any of those illustrious pentagrams.First, the building is an absolute gem in DT PHX.  Anytime I get to eat in a restored historic home, it just feels cool and legit ... especially given their classic French bistro/brunch fare.  It just fits.I've had their french toast which i really enjoyed, and I have to hand it to them, they make a MEAN, i say MEAN, Bloody Mary.  Its probably the best one I've ever had at a restaurant or bar.Yeah, i was surprised how quickly the tab could add up, but having been here several times in the morning for coffee before work, the quality of the food and friendliness of the staff makes it worth it.  Oh, and their pastry are insanely delish too, but they tend to run out quickly.  I noticed recently when i was passing by around 7pm on a Friday night that they were open ( and BUSY!), and was wondering if they have expanded their hours from just a breakfast/brunch place.  Anyone?
3	I give Palatte 3.5 stars.First off, the atmosphere is lovely. The patio is beautiful and the servers are really friendly. I've been here a couple of times on the weekend, and I must say, avoid it at all costs. It is so extremely over-crowded it kind of ruins the experience. And if you come on a weekend, bring some friends to help with the process. One of you stands in line and orders, and the others scout the place out for a table. Oh, and bring company that you will enjoy for a long period of time, because on a weekend your food will take upwards of 40 minutes to arrive. I came here for my birthday brunch last year with the boy, having no idea that the place would be so crowded (it was a Sunday). Being hungover and all, I found myself a little grumpy with all of the chaos. But what do you expect at a downtown joint on the weekend? The food is great. It's a wee bit pricey so it's probably more of a splurge (at least for breakfast). I usually get The Potato - spinach, cheese, potatoes, bacon, and onion. Yum. I suggest getting the eggs well done because sometimes they can be a little runny. Eck. The boy consistently orders the french toast (they change it every few months) and it is fabulous. Super sweet though, so I would recommend it only if you've got a sweet tooth goin' on. The potatoes are pretty good, too. Sometimes though they aren't cooked completely, and I'm not too fond of the creme fraiche sauce on the side- too sour. Anyway, if you've got a free weekday morning and some good friends to go, I highly recommend it. Sit outside on the patio and have mimosas...yum!
5	i love palatte. since i first became addicted in the summer, it has been a weekly fixture in my life. since the weather has been inviting sitting outside with a group of fantastic people is so wonderful. everything i have eaten there has been delicious. the lattes and mimosas are outstanding. the baked goods are always something different and interesting and tasty. spending a sunday morning here is my favorite thing in the world. sunday morning has quality musicians playing quality songs.the wait for food on the weekend is always pretty crazy, but if you have a morning to spare. i highly recommend spending it here. get a muffin right away and sit down and enjoy some music and the fresh air. it will be worth it.
5	Let's just say I am absolutely charmed and enchanted with Palatte! Can you actually have a crush on a restaurant? I have never, ever, in my entire life, loved a place so much that I actually wanted to move in to it!  That's how much I love Palatte!From the hospitality (one of the owners met us at the door and graciously pointed out the menu and ordering procedure) to the food, everything was spot on! Finding it neither pricy nor pretentious, even my husband, who was very skeptical of going on yet another Yelp inspired dining adventure, was also impressed!Arriving at 11ish on a Saturday morning, the crowd was lively and not too large, which made my husband very happy, as he hates to wait. After reviewing the very inspired and delectable menu, we got in line to place our order (short line, nice people!). The young lady who assisted us at the counter was absolutely delightful and after a few quick questions, we decided on the Lemon Crme French Toast, bacon, Tahitian vanilla yogurt, Melted Tomato Tarte, Iced Tea and Lemonade.We paid for our order and wandered out on to the expansive and inviting patio to find our place in the sun, and to my husbands delight (he hates the sun!) there was a lovely table for two on the patio with a great view of the courtyard and a pleasant distance from the guitarist who was unobtrusively entertaining the guests. We took our seats and continued to enjoy the morning.First to arrive were our beverages, which were both good, but unremarkable. After a few moments, our server appeared with our entrees. My husband really enjoyed his French Toast (coconut, lemon curd and blackberries.... yummy!) and remarked that although this was the first time he had ever had French toast without syrup, it was very, very good on it's own (with the lemon curd, of course) and didn't need any syrup. His bacon, like the beverages, was also unremarkable (we were hoping for something like they serve at Matt's) but it was tasty and not overcooked (a pet peeve of mine).My Melted Tomato Tarte was so darling, it was almost too cute to eat! The crust was light and flaky and the egg and bits that comprised the tarte were heavenly, although a few bites struck a sour note when what tasted like Dijon mustard had been mistakenly baked into the tarte. But since the rest of the tarte was awesome, and only two small bites struck that odd note, I let it pass without comment. The Tahitian vanilla yogurt was very creamy and flavorful, but had way too many sliced apples on top for my liking (a French thing, maybe?)Earlier, while waiting for our breakfast, I wandered back into the little shop that is part of the interior of the home and met a delightful young lady who was wrapping up little packets of silverware and napkins with bits of string. She was expecting and was actually past due, trying to pass the time while awaiting the arrival of her little girl, Ruby. I wished her many blessings and went back to join my husband at our table and enjoy the lovely surroundings.The guitarist was a very pleasant surprise as well. Although he looked a bit like a folky Joey Ramone, his sound and range were simply amazing! He really added to the ambiance and we found ourselves staying longer than we had planned because he was really that good! Armed with nothing more than his guitar, mic and small amp, his catalogue included smashingly good renditions of Harry Connick's Don't Get Around Much Anymore, John Mayer's Waiting for the World to Change and my favorite, the Gilberto, Jobim and Getz version of The Girl from Ipanema.... wow, that made my whole weekend!Later, as I decided to use the WC to wash my hands before we enjoyed the rest of the day, I ran in to the same young lady who took our order and mentioned how much we enjoyed our morning at Palatte and how darling everything (including the bathrooms) were and she told me that the whole place was conceived, designed and brought to life by the owner, Christine, who was trained in France and had a passion for what she did. She offered to introduce me to Christine, who she said, was just outside passing the time until her baby arrived. I told her that we had already met (even though I didn't know she was the owner at the time) and would be sure to let her know how much we enjoyed our morning. By the time we were done chatting, Christine was gone, so perhaps she was off to meet Ruby for the first time...which will give us yet another reason to go back to Palatte! Palatte was just such a pleasant surprise from the food and the servers to the atmosphere and the entertainment; I still just want to move in!! Even the toilet paper was soft!! I so heart this place and will be back again soon. Christine and Ed have done an excellent job in making their dream a reality and have created a little slice of  rustic French countryside for us to enjoy right here. They got every detail right and I will continue to call Palatte home (at least on Saturday Mornings!)
2	After reading a few reviews, I'm beginning to wonder if I even dined in the same  place as some of you?Upon entering I got a strangely reminiscent feeling that I'd been here before........Aaahhh Yes I've got it .........Palatte is the reincarnation of the Hippie Commune called the "Brotherhood" that I was born in/at. Seriously! My Dad delivered me in a room full of Hippies.I can't believe no one has mentioned this kind of correlation.I'm really surprised that everyone wasn't barefoot. The staff scuttled around like drones, I saw flowers, feathers and grizzly beards. This is definitely not what I expected.You order at the counter, take a number, sit on chairs that might fall apart, at tables older than your great grandma. Food is dropped off, that's it. There is no "SERVICE" here. You get? If your into the whole hippie dippie, artsy fartsy, grandmas yard sale garden type of feel then you will most likely enjoy it here, not to say that I didn't enjoy it , I was just picturing something completely different and felt mildly out of place, so there for I was disappointed in that aspect. The Food, it was good not spectacular, no oooing and aaaahing over every bite. I got the Potato Mish Mash (scrambled eggs with potato, bacon,spinach,caramelized sweet onion, Gouda and Monterrey Jack) with the raisin,cranberry walnut toast and fresh fruit. (see pics)The eggs were a little wet, but over all had a good flavor, toast was good, fruit was soggy browned apple slices, not so good!My Ice tea was cinnamon apple flavor?..........I wish I would have known........not very good for ice tea.My husband got The Dolores(with no salsa) two fried eggs, corn tortillas,black beans, queso fresco and avocado.It was also just OK, The eggs were cooked over hard , the beans were dry and the cheese was in unmelted chunks.His OJ was fresh squeezed and sweet that was nice, too bad it was served in a very small child's glass.OK food, needs to work on a better system, should have waiter service, if you eat outside most tables are coffee table height so you will be hunching over, other than that I guess it's all about the Charm.Peace and Love!
1	We keep giving this place a chance, but we always seem to head home disappointed. The space is amazing, so we really want to love this spot!!  I feel like I could sit in the garden all day.  Then the food and "service" come and we get slapped back to reality.  My girlfriend is done attempting to get eggs that don't come out cold.  I mean, really, we may sit on the far end of the garden (our favorite spot) but it's not like we're down the street!  Cold watery eggs, even with the yummy fillings, are never a treat.  I've tried a little of everything, but I am a sandwich guy.  I used to argue in favor of the turkey, but on my last two visits it was lacking turkey and extra bacony.  I tried to go for the french toast instead, but it was just soggy and cold.  All I end up asking is who's running the show?  I often feel bad for the service staff, because they generally look unhappy and frantic.  They frowns definitely transfer to the people around them.  This place should seriously look at having a normal service, because most of the time it just looks disorganized.  I've watched servers walk the garden 3 times to find the table they are looking for.  3 times!!  No wonder Sarah's eggs are always cold!We gave it several shots because we kept hoping it was just growing pains.  Sadly, I cannot justify giving them more of my money to leave unhappy.
4	Reasonable people can agree to disagree.   I consider myself reasonable.  Two weeks ago, I started a Facebook group called Save Palatte.   I created it to encourage/beg  the wonderful owners of Palatte, Ed and Christine, to switch from the current counter service system to table service.   Since then I've heard from many in the foodie community that agree.  I've also learned about Ed and Christine's hopes of having a welcoming neighborhood place to relax at over a leisurely meal.  I respect that.  And, given the timing, the first beautiful Sunday morning of May, I figured it was time to give it another try.Pam, a close friend, and I met underneath the Palatte sign at 11:30am. After synchronizing our watches, we negotiated the busy, but not overly crowded patio with relative easy.  We crossed the tread worn steps and pulled open the door to reveal, as we had expected and feared, a line of magnificent proportion.   I sighed, certain my hedonistic Sunday morning had been ruined.  Pam, the more perseverant of the two, pressed on through the adjacent rooms, into the Willows where the line's long tail tapered to an end.  Distracted by small talk and my comely companion, I was surprised to find the line, lengthy though it was, moved relatively quickly.   Half-way to the counter, our order was taken by an apron clad staff member.  I choose the Potato Mishmash and a Bloody Mary.  Pam, apparently willing to sacrifice to keep her yogi suppleness, opted for the yogurt and coffee.  We were handed our ticket and instructed to hand it in at the register.  Five minutes later, I obediently did as I was told, while Pam sought a table.Buoyed by the relatively painless ordering process, it only took 15 minutes, I joined my ginger haired accomplice.  She had secured a prime location under an umbrella in the front corner.  Where, to my ambivalence, I found her surrounded by the previous party's dirty dishes.  A small price to pay for such choice digs, I told myself.  Pam assured me the waiter/busboy would, he had assured her, return to clean up.  And so he did.  However, while the plates and cups were taken, the table, dirty and smeared with the morning's offerings wasn't wiped down.  No problem I told myself, confident it would be cleaned when new silverware, water, and our drinks arrived.  But that didn't happen, at least not for a full 23 minutes.I have been told, and believe, the rationale for counter service, lies in the unfortunately small kitchen.   Seating people immediately, so it goes, would result in the false promise of a short wait.  I get it.  And, after the increased efficiency of the newly reordered ordering process, I was willing to cut them some slack.  But, after 38 minutes, 23 of which were spent at a dirty table, something had to give.  And, so it did, kind of.  At 12:08pm, my Bloody Mary arrived.  Halleluiah!  God, my god, the one who drinks on Sundays in lieu of going to church, smiled on me.  However, my health nut, confederate was not so lucky.  It wasn't until 12:14pm, after personally trekking to the indoor coffee bar was I rewarded with a mug and instructions how to use the outdoor thermos.Like a Neanderthal dragging a mastodon steak, I returned to the table, caffeine in hand.  A toast was in order.  Surely, our vittles had to be close.  Not so.  It wasn't until 12:27pm, 57 minutes after arriving, 42 minutes after ordering that we received our food.   The Potato Mishmash was as good as ever, quite an accomplishment since it sat upon a still dirty table.  We ate in silence and thirst.  We never did get water.   Afterward, there was no after brunch lingering as I had hoped.  My short-lived buzz and limited patience had worn off.  With little fan fare we got up and left.As, perhaps, I've alluded, I'm torn when it comes to Palatte.  I love Ed, Christine and the whole bunch of bohemian henchmen.   I love that, like Cibo, Palatte is a local joint.  I love the food and ambience.  I want it to flourish and be the kind of place in which I, as a patron, can have part ownership.   That said, it kills me to go there.  I share the vision of a neighborhood hangout.  But can someone really hang out where drink orders are mismanaged, tables aren't bused and diners left to fend for themselves.  Call me nave, but I hope believe table service would cure a lot of what ails Palatte.  Admittedly, table service comes with its own baggage.  But, in the end, I'd prefer knowing one person was solely responsible for my happiness.   That it was in someone's economic self interest (i.e. tips) to make sure my table was clean, and my order not lost on the kitchen floor.  It's appropriate, that Pam accompanied me to brunch.  My ex-girlfriend, I've often wondered what life would be like if only something had been different.  I can't help but feel the same way about Palatte.Help save Palatte.  Join Save Palatte and ask for dedicated servers and table service: http://www.facebook.com/group.php?
4	Thanks to all of the other Yelpers I was aware of the long line and busy-ness of Sunday brunch at Palatte, but I wanted to try it anyways.  The waiters were extremely helpful at guiding us through the process of ordering our food and finding a seat.  The sign in front said that there was a 45 minute wait, but I think we made it through the line in about 20 minutes.  There were no more empty tables outside, so we sat inside which was very nice as well.  Our food probably took another 20-30 minutes which actually went by rather quickly.  The food was phenomenal.  I got the Potato mish-mash and the Yoda tea iced, both were delicious.  My cohorts got the lemon curd french toast  and the Egg mish-mash and everyone was happy.Sunday morning is probably not the best time to try it if you are a high-maintenance customer or hate waiting, but my group was aware of the situation and perfectly happy with the service.  The wait staff only delivers the drink and food orders, but ours did stop by after our food was delivered to make sure that everything was to our liking.  It's delicious and not too spendy.  I will definitely be back to try some of the other options.
4	The cutest outdoor spot, yummy delicious food... but wow hasn't it outgrown its space?  Insane line, lost food, etc...Other than that - you must experience this!  Go early.
5	After suggestions from the ladies at Made, Bunky Boutique, and Sage, we had to check out Palatte. One word: WOW!! It's an old house converted into a restaurant with a gorgeous, large outdoor eating area. The staff is friendly, courteous, and more than willing to offer up suggestions for and explanations of things on the menu. You order at a little window into the kitchen inside the house, and they bring your food out to you. The food id good. Correction: The food is great.  Correction of the correction: The food is really freakin' awesome. We just wish we could have made it back here to try the lunch before we had to head back home.
1	The name "Palatte" is purportedly a combination of "palate" and "palette."  Sadly, I found nothing pleasing to my palate here and any aspirations of artistry are just that.I had heard good things about this place and I brought the BF here one afternoon to give it a try.  We won't be back.  My guess is that Palatte is the first restaurant that Christine and Edward McHale have run.  This operation is amateurish and in desperate need of a good short order cook.  Perhaps the owners can poach one from Matt's Big Breakfast.  Let's start with the whole "service" concept.  We showed up toward the end of lunch and there were several staff members lurking about.  We kept looking for a host stand and the staff saw us obviously trying to figure out what to do, but no one offered to give us any guidance.  Finally, we made our way into the house and the BF figured out that we had to order at the counter.  Palatte has decided to go with the lazy approach of making customers order at a counter and schlep a numbered marker to a table for the "server" to find later for food delivery.We decided to start off with a pineapple upside down muffin.  It turned out to be bland and dry.  Since Palatte desperately tries to lean toward the French, they should mix in some "sucre" so that their baked goods actually have some taste.The BF and I decided to split the sweet potato pancakes after hearing so much about them.  The menu proclaims that the pancakes combine sweet potatoes with mascarpone cheese, pecans and maple syrup. The end result is an abomination.  The pancakes must have been seriously over-mixed as they were absolutely rubbery and yet tasteless.  When a restaurant's signature dish is this bad, things can only go downhill.I ordered The Potato "Mish-Mash," which is really a $9 plate of scrambled eggs with potatoes, bacon, spinach, onion, Gouda and Monterrey Jack.  It was okay, but the portion was tres, tres petit.  The Breakfast Potatoes on the side were a disgrace.  They were par-boiled potatoes that had been sitting around for hours.  I know because I saw a huge pile of them in the kitchen when we placed our order at the counter.  The kitchen barely warmed them before plunking them on my plate.  They weren't even showing the faintest hint of brown.  Sacrebleu!  If you want real breakfast potatoes, go for the hash browns at Matt's Big Breakfast where you can get a decent breakfast in downtown.  But back to les pommes de terre aux Palatte; they're served with creme fraiche for dipping.  When Edward brought my plate to the table, I asked for a side of ketchup.  Edward directed me to try the creme fraiche first before he would bring me the ketchup.  Here's the deal, Ed.  I've eaten in some of the finest restaurants in the world.  I don't need to be coerced into trying your creme fraiche and it actually works better on the scrambled eggs.  I asked for the ketchup to try to mask the taste of your pathetic potatoes.A faux French vibe permeates Palatte.  This place looks like what Sage Antiques might look like if robbers broke in during the middle of the night and cleared out everything of value or perhaps a vintage southern home after the estate sale.  What's with the pile of old barrel drums in the corner of the yard?For over $40 for two, we could have gone to a Arcadia Farms for a delightful brunch.Bonne chance, Palatte.  You're going to need it!
4	The first time you go to Palatte, you will notice that they do things a little differently.  The owners of this french style breakfast/brunch/lunch/whatever place have made a serious effort to create a unique and very relaxed dining experience.  And for the most part, they have succeeded.  However, some diners may find some of Palatte's quirks to be frustrating rather than accepting them for what they really are: the small price one must pay from time to time for some really amazing food.  Sure, standing in line for 10-15 minutes to order at the register is a little weird- I mean, they have waiters, why can't they take my order?  And who do I tip?  The girl at the register, or the dude bringing out my food?  The whole ordering process is so overwhelming!Not to worry.  Any concerns you have over the business side of going to Palatte will be laid to rest the moment their delicious food hits your lips.  I'm a fan of the bev- I get it every time.  Scrambled eggs with avocado and tomato with a side of fresh fruit and toast has never tasted so perfect.  Also, the Lemonade which is infused with rose water is in itself worth the trip to palatte.  So, even though a breakfast at Palatte may seem like a bit of a craps-shoot, once they iron out some of the wrinkles, the owners of Palatte will have themselves a 5-star breakfast spot for sure.  In the meantime, go and enjoy the food- in spite of the quirks it is more than worth the trip.On a side note, I've noticed that Palatte's odd spelling can make the restaurant difficult to find on the web.  I'll save you the trouble of looking, here is a link to their website:http://www.downtownbrunch.com/Palatte is open Tuesday-Sunday from 7am til 3pm.  Enjoy.
5	seth, ted & graham (and all others w/less than 4 stars) must've gone to Bizarro Palatte.  I've got nothing but rave reviews for this place.  After moving in to downtown, I've been exploring different restaurants every chance I get, and Palatte is one of the best I've been to.  I went during the week with my family and everyone walked away full and pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food, and the fact that the owner made time to talk to us.  I can see where some might get upset at not being waited on hand and foot, but lower overhead is the reason the owner's are able to bring such high quality foods to us for such a great price (Econ 101).   Sure, you could go to Matt's and wait in line for an hour, just to get bad service and greasy foods, but I'll stick with quality.I'll be there again this weekend to sample some of what my Mom had (The Bev) along with a side of the Steel Cut Porridge that my sister wouldn't share with me.Great job Ed & Christine!
5	Palatte makes me dislike Phoenix a little bit less each time I go. I've been here probably 6 or 7 times in my year here in Phoenix. I've sampled their quasi-omelette dishes, the oatmeal, the yogurt, the scones, and always their coffee. I'm continually impressed by the level of food they provide at Palatte. Based on the exquisite patio and renovated historic home, I'd expect a much pricier menu...but am always glad to find fairly reasonably priced food and drink...and incredibly freshness and taste. My favorite here is the steel cut oatmeal with caramelized bananas in it. Absolutely fabulous. The coffee is really good as well. I've eaten both in and outdoors and had really relaxed and comfortable experiences doing both. The servers were always very attentive with bringing more water, clearing plates, etc...no matter where I was sitting.I don't know that it's a downside...I kind of like it for being what it is...but this is a breakfast and lunch place only. They are open Tues - Sun 7am - 3pm. So get there early! And if you need a bite to eat for dinner I'd recommend popping over to Cibo which is right behind them!
3	Palatte is the cutest breakfast spot!  I love the outdoor seating area, the mis-matched furniture, the menus are SO cute in their metal cases, and the bathrooms are worth a trip to see even if you don't need to use them.So, why only three stars you ask?  The food.  The menu offers exciting choices but my strawberry rhubarb French toast was  sadly just okay.  It could be a combination of the ambiance and the foods presentation but I was expecting much more flavor from my meal.  I would be interested to try something on the lunch menu as I really want to love Palatte.
4	Birthday Breakfast with my roommates.  I had never been to Palatte, only heard of its greatness.  I must say, it did not disappoint.I'm usually not a big out-to-eat breakfast person.  I don't like to eat heavily in the mornings and figure that any meal that I am dressed for that occurs at or after 10am falls into the category of lunch (which is probably why I got a sandwich--the skinny sandwich, delicious vegetarian sandwich with seemingly on-site made potato chips and fresh fruit).At first, my roommates and I were confused as to how we were supposed to order, and worried that we weren't "cool" or "hip" enough that early in the morning (9am=early for a Sunday) to function at this hipster French cottage amongst the clearly hipster crowd complete with lone young guitarist in sunglasses singing a cover of "Viva La Vida" and Johnny Cash songs.We later determined that it was because we looked to cool and hipster like (right) that no one directed us as to how to order...assuming we frequented this delightful spot located in an old house in downtown Phoenix.  Just grab a menu (in metal folders at the door) and order at the counter.  The cash register will compliment you, the staff was friendly and tentative to our tap water needs (usually not found in order-at-the counter places).The setting was cozy (we sat inside at an oversized farm kitchen table), but when I went to find the bathroom, I discovered how expansive the property really is.  There are at least three rooms inside in which to eat and the whole house is surrounded by patio and garden space for those who enjoy eating outside.I recommend ordering just about anything on the menu.  Everything I tasted (between my roommates and I and the sweet potato pancakes we got for the table) was immaculate.The whole place was relaxed, not too crowded, and although there definitely was a hint of Phoenix 'Of course I know where all the cool spots in the valley are..don't you?' crowd there, it was without snobbery and there was definitely a variety of patrons (from young to old and style-wise).My roommates appreciated the deliciousness.  Jill, who once lived in France thought it was comparable to some of the country places she had breakfasted there (but of course in the middle of a major metropolitan area).I can't wait to bring people here for a good brunch or lunch experience.
1	Bravo Ted S. tell it like it is. this place is junk.cold food, twice out of the 2 times i've been there. won't make a 3rd mistake.
4	I won't bore you with an overall review, everyone  has already given you the lowdown...but just FYI    we had a waitress today .. so it seems the old system of ordering at a window is gone. And there wasn't any wait on a Saturday morning.   We had wonderful food by the way..all the friends I brought can't wait to come back again.  Yummy.
5	Finding this little breakfast spot in Phoenix certainly made our trip!Strawberry Rhubarb French Toast- out of this world, with a sie of chicken apple sausage--yummy!The other half had the Dolores( Mexican style)- fantastic!Portion sizes were perfect- we finsihed our breakfast and left full, not stuffed.Tamarind Lemonade also sensational- however, the potatoes w/ a side of creme fraiche needed a few minutes longer in the skillet..but overall- this place would probably be the onlny reason we'd ever come back to Phoenix!Oh- and they recently switched over to table service....sit outside and enjoy the shade and the water misters- even in 95 degree heat - it still felt good!
2	Who puts soggy poached eggs in a bowl? I ordered the rustic not realizing that it would end up being a soup! Bland and soggy is not what I consider good food. Even the super thin slices of bread were butter-less and nothing was offered to me to spread on them. My 2 year old used them to hammer the table which is all that they were good for. Husband ordered the strawberry rhubarb french toast not realizing that all of the strawberry and rhubarb would be in the bread, it was tasty even though it is a dissapointment after the description. The latte was good but the OJ was a a joke! A shot glass that was half spilled once it reached us. I think this place is still in its infant-hood and hopefully will mature as it grows up but you will not see us spending $30 here again.
5	We were hesitant to try out Palatte because the other reviews seemed to hit both ends of the spectrum, but we had a WONDERFUL experience. The patio was pleasant, breezy and misty, I almost couldn't believe that I was in Phoenix. Normally I'm not much for brunch music (it usually ends up being Jimmy Buffett covers or cheesy jazz that rubs my hangover the wrong way), but the guy playing rocked in a mellow way.Our server was attentive and our food came out pretty quickly, even though we ordered just after a large party. I'm a vegetarian, and there were tons of options on the menu--it was hard to choose. My fiancee is a definite lover of the meat, and he was stoked with the selection, too. After much deliberation I settled on the Potato Mishmash with no bacon (potatoes, eggs, gouda, carmelized onions...), and he went with the Sausage Mishmash. The portions were just right, and the flavor pairings were perfect.This was the best brunch experience I've ever had. And I don't give that compliment lightly. DE-LISH.
4	Nothing like waking up at 5:30 am the day after an OYE... (not fun, and boy was I exhausted!)The good thing about taking Colleen C to the airport bright and early this morning was that I planned ahead and scheduled a breakfast meeting at Palatte.  And now, after a couple of cups of coffee and an incredible breakfast, I feel like a new person.I definitely recommend Palatte on a weekday morning - no wait, fast, attentive service, and yummy food!  I'm actually still hanging out here working as the atmosphere is perfect for just that - hanging out!  I had a chance to chat with Ed and Christine, the owners, and fell in love with Palatte even more this visit than last time.  I think they are still ironing out the kinks as it's only been 3 weeks since their transition to full table service, but they are kicking ass so far.  I can tell they get plenty of regulars, and I would be one also if I lived in the hood.  The house they are located in is fabulous - comfortable, welcoming, and homey - tons of character which is sometimes hard to find in this city.The Bev (sauteed spinach, tomato slices, and avocado) is what I ordered - and I love that they do it with egg whites for only $1 extra.  I chose whole wheat toast and fruit and it was exactly what the doctor ordered this morning!I can't wait to come back for lunch sometime soon, as their sandwiches, salads and tartes sound awesome from their menu descriptions, but it will be hard to tear myself away from the many breakfast items that are oh so amazing.  I guess I'll just have to come back again and again to make my way through the variety of selections.  A few more tidbits I noticed while hanging at Palatte today: **the bathroom is CLEAN!  So much so that I noticed... **with the check, you are given Bazooka bubble gum - who doesn't love Bazooka?!**they are planning some cool wine / cheese / live music events for upcoming first and third Fridays.****Note to self (and to all of you): Palatte is closed on Monday!  (I guess Ed and Christine need a day off also).
4	Attention everyone considering Palatte for Brunch....Don't listen to these haters.  Palatte has great food and excellent atmosphere.  It can be congested on weekends, but if you're prepared to take it easy, Palatte is a great option for brunch.This being said, Here's the reason it's not a 5 in my book:Pigeons (yes, pigeons.) Unfortunately the pigeons found palatte in a previous life when they were slow to bus tables and are as hooked on the deliciousness as we are.  Short of creating a new mascot (dead pigeon) and hanging it above the entry way, there really is no way to completely eradicate the pigeons, but they do a great job of pre-busing tables so there are far less pigeons than before.  I had the Bev and French Toast this morning and only saw 2 pigeons.. Way to Go Palatte!
4	Each time I visit, I tell myself I'll come here more often, yet I've only been here three times since it's opened.  First two times I had the sweet potato pancakes with mascarpone-brown sugar pecan topping.  Mmm! .  The pancakes were partially-cooked the first time, but were tasty enough for me to order a second time, and I'm glad I did, as they were perfectly-executed.  I took my Mom with me on my third visit- she had an omelette with potatoes, feta (or was it blue-cheese?), and black beans, and I had the berry whole-grain French toast with creme-anglaise.  Oh. My. Goodness!  As I think back as to what I was tasting and how I felt throughout that experience, I see bursts of color... just like fireworks!  As you can tell by now, I have a sweet-tooth, but I also had a few bites of my Mom's omelette, and the savory flavors were just as appetizing as my sweet dish.The owners have done away with the gift shop that was located in the middle of the restaurant, which is a shame as the food takes awhile to reach the table.  However, it's just as pleasurable to take a few minutes to visit the quaint restrooms to freshen up and arrive back to the table with some designing ideas for the home.  I am definitely looking forward to my next trip to Palatte!
4	Ate here for the first time a week ago. Had the fried egg with applewood smoked bacon on top of a crispy puff pastry and grape tomatoes. It was nice and light; didn't feel bloated afterward like you would after IHOP. I love the European cottage decor and ambience. Eating inside and outside looks equally appealing. Also, besides regular juice and coffee, they have hibiscus tea. My only wish is that the portions were slightly heartier for the price. But everything tastes fresh. I definitely plan to go back. Great local fare.
4	We've been to Palatte twice for breakfast/brunch on our stay in Phoenix, and while I give Palatte "major props" for superbly quirky/tasteful decor and friendly service, their breakfast food is only 80% good.  Their "mish mashes" don't really have enough egg to satisfy, their bread doesn't taste super fresh.. While I'm sure you'll enjoy your trip there, and certainly nothing transports you as quickly from Phoenix's generic downtown to a European palazzo feel, I hope you'll agree -- that the food could use some tweaking.Bravo on the decor, though. Absolutely wonderful.
5	I finally went to Palette. I loved it!  I'm not sure what I would say about it on the weekend.  I imagine the vibe is quite different than 7:30 AM on a Wednesday morning.  I had the "Egg", which was a layered creation of puff pastry, bacon and fried eggs, which was served with a generous portion of very fresh fruit.  The coffee was great and my cup was never empty.  The restaurant itself was beautifully decorated.  There isn't a single bad thing I can say about it.  I think I am going to go again this weekend.  I sampled my friend's choice (the seasonal french toast creation)... it was so good I have to go back to get my own plate.
4	The food was very good, but not the best I've had (although it was the best brunch I've had in the Phoenix area). I had the benedict, and I really liked the hollandaise and the way they incorporated the mixed greens (and arugula) into the dish. My favorite was the breakfast potatoes with creme sauce.The atmosphere was good and the service was ok, but I recommend it none the less. You won't be disappointed.
4	Okay here's the low down about Palate. From my personal experience, I thought it was a great place to have breakfast. If you want to get away from the mainstreams such as Denny's or the whole IHOP thing, this place is great. Can't say much for the live music thing...the player sucked, but I guess it adds to the atmosphere. Okay the Food...I ordered the Rustic dish, and too my satisfaction it was great. The only thing I'd complain about is the long wait for food and the dishes wasn't piping hot when it reached the table. The server can be a little oblivious to your needs, but it's understandable since how packed it is on a Saturday morning. So if you're not in a rush and want to hang out with great company for a while, this isn't an issue.
2	I understand Palette went to table service and I was happy to hear that until I had table service.  I think I like the other way better.  It seems quicker and easier.  Our table service was awkward and slow.  They may need more practice-- that may be the case.   5 meals were ordered and 2 of them were wrong.  Not a good impression.  The worst may have been my pregnant friends breakfast who asked for her eggs to be cooked to thru and both times they brought them, they were not. We went early and that was good because it got really busy around 11am.  We wanted to leave but it was taking a long time to get our check and our table wasn't cleared until we were getting up to leave.  That is kinda annoying, I notice this at some other valley restaurants-- they don't clear the table until you leave.  I would think it would make for better and quicker turnaround to clear as soon as people are done eating.  The table just gets cluttered and messy looking. I will go back to Palette and try it out again and see if the table service improves and if not, then I guess I'll need to find a different breakfast joint. I believe the owner did come around to tell us about First Fridays and he was very nice and friendly.  All the staff was friendly, I like that about Palette.
5	Palatte is exactly what this town needs - really good food, great atmosphere, live music and it's not another chain eatery.  Plus it is in the historical area of downtown which is a cool place to hang out in general.
4	If you're downtown and looking for brunch, look no further.  Since the last time we ate at Palatte, they have changed their system from counter ordering to table service.  The atmosphere in this remodeled historic home is great and the grounds outside are the perfect place to waste a couple hours talking, listening to the live music, and imbibing in the poison of your choice, whether that be coffee or mimosas.  The service can be a bit spotty (our server completely forgot one person's order), but the food was great.  I personally recommend "The Dolores," which is Palatte's take on huevos rancheros.  Lastly, make a pit stop to the bathroom before you leave.  I know that this may seem like an odd recommendation, but they are very unique and it gives you an excuse to walk through all of the rooms of the house.
3	I finally talked my husband, the picky eater, into going to Palatte for breakfast.  I was pleased to discover that they now have a wait staff to come to your table and take your order.  Well, I was pleased until I got my food.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anywhere near as good as I remembered from my first visit.  My husband's scrambled eggs were slimy and my potato mish mash had a puddle of uncooked egg slime underneath.  The side of potatoes was barely browned, if at all, and my bread seemed a bit dried out and not toasted.I'm wondering if the owner's had to forego quality in the kitchen to appease the whiners who didn't want to stand in line.  If so, I say get rid of the waiters, I'd gladly stand in line for better quality food.At least the prices are still decent.
5	There is honestly not a single, solitary thing I can think of that I dislike about Palatte so Instead I will list what I adore:I love the story of the building and the Cavness House itself.I love the passion & vision of the owners.I love that it can let you feel carefree and a little self-indulgent for a couple hours.I love the outdoor seating and the billowy curtains.I really love the bathrooms--a lot.I love that they have switched to waiter service.I love the big picnic table for groups or stragglers. I crave the sweet potato pancakes & I would bathe in the banana porridge.I have pretty much had it all.. and like I said... wonderful, delicious & blissful every bite.
3	This is my official breakfast after a REALLY good date place. It's fancy, it's not filling and it's right down the street from my house. Rumor has it they are opening for dinner soon.Highlights-I'm loving the live music on most weekend mornings. Now that the weather is cool, it's totally worth the time sit and sip while hanging out with friends.-The food seems fairly healthy. Not overly greasy.-I feel hip going there.Lowlights-The menu is pretty weird. Sometimes you just want greasy hashbrowns and some eggs, but hey, there's always IHOP for that.-I can't get over the feeling that the staff has some elitist hipster granola vibe (think early 90s grunge with a little 80s yuppy mixed in) going on, which I didn't even think was possible. Stop judging me!-The chairs aren't comfy.Great place to take a date that you'd like to impress.
2	Ok, so I WAS going to give this place 4 stars, maybe even 5, but after having a great b-fast there last week I thought I would take all of my family who is in town this week, to b-fast there this Sunday. When I called to make reservations for 8 people, I was told they don't take reservations on the weekends, As if, you would need them any other time. So I kindly told the guy on the phone, well- you're loosing my business. He, of course, had no reponse. He is the same guy who wonders why at 30 hes working at a restaurant.and i seriously don't want to hear THIS local business WHINE about the bad economy making them close. I will tell them to SHUT UP  b/c they just turned down 8 people who drink a ton of alcohol and give good tips. I can guarantee they'll whine anyway, and then close, and then wonder what happened. Everyone will be shocked but me. It might not be this year, but trust me with that kind of customer service--people will go elsewhere.
5	Deeelicious!!! Food is a bit pricey but considering there are not many options like Palatte around downtown, I look forward to going there as many Sunday's as possible!The sweet toast is absolutely fantastic! I've heard their Bloody's Mary's are awesome on the weekends.Dinner is AWESOME. Try the Floating Islands dessert. Fluffy sugar meringues floating in a sea of lemon lavender cream! YUUUMMMMM! Everything on the menu is superb!
1	oK, first i broke my promise to myself and went here again, i figured by now things have got to be better. i ordered something that i wouldn't care if it was cold, French Toast. ok so the french toast is good. but it wasn't worth waiting 40 fucking minutes to get it. and on top of it. my friends food was cold again. one of them would rather eat glass then eat at this place so refused to order a cold meal, but since my other friend was paying she said fuck it i'll go.well she ordered toast and some sausage as sides. and my other friend ordered the mish mash, his review of the place is more generious then mine, but he's only been there once and said it wasn't so bad. lol.so anyways toast, soo cold the butter couldn't even melt. and cold sausage to boot. the friend with the mishmash, lol. i saw the bottom of the bowl and it was all a weird watery substance at the bottom. how hard is it to drain poached eggs before dumping them in a bowl?i was going to give palatte 3 stars based on the french toast, but it was hardly warm. i so badly want to like this place cause it's close and Matt's is always packed.can i please get a breakfast place in the roosevelt area that is large enough to seat more then 20 people and serves good breakfast?
3	I'll definitely have to give this place another chance... I think I just didn't like what I ordered.  I don't even remember what I ordered and I went there like a week ago... it had prosciutto in it and was WAY TO SALTY!!The ambiance and decor was gorgeous.  I loved the flowers and liked that it had lots of tables, inside and out.  I LOVED my cappuccino.  I don't drink coffee very often and this cappuccino was fantastic. We also tried a cranberry orange scone and a chocolate chip banana muffin.  I LOVED the scone, did not like the muffin at all. Gary ordered something that came in a bowl with asparagus and poached eggs... he was still hungry...I will definitely go back again because there were other items on the menu that looked really good, and perhaps my stars will change.
1	Ok. So this was my second trip there.  The first time was early on a Tuesday about a year ago, and I remember it being somewhat enjoyable. This time was about 2pm on a Sunday.We wait about 5 mins for a table even though there seems to be plenty of seating.First of all, our waitress must have been stoned.  For her sake I hope she was not naturally that slow.  We had plenty of time to look over our menus since there seemed to be only 2 people working.  After telling her my order, included what I wanted as side, she informs me I have a choice of side and tells me my options. "Like I said, I'll have the bacon."No water offered to start off with, had to request some water.  No refills offered for our tea. WTF? Who sees a visibly empty glass on a table and does not offer a refill.  The drink glass was tiny too.  Like juice-cup style.The bacon sucked so bad.  Hard, thin, no flavor (maybe I'm spoiled from Matt's) The portions were small.  The waitress look flustered and although she was cute and trendy looking, I don't go out to eat for trend watching.I had the Sweet Potato pancakes.  She forgot the maple syrup.  Had to wait like 10 mins for her to come around so I could flag her down to bring some.The "toast" was cold hard bread.  The crust was so hard it hurt my mouth.The people around us seemed to be having a nice time.  Meanwhile I'm sitting there kinda disgusted actually with how everything is going down.  Maybe we were being discriminated against because we didnt get all spiffied up to go to brunch? I had time to speculate...The only positive thing I can say was that it was a beautiful day outside and they had an impressive tea selection.I got the impression this place put more emphasis on looking "cool and hip" on paper than good service and execution.If you want to have long conversations, browse periodicals, being outside on a nice day, and be seen this might be the place for you.If you want prompt service, generous yummy portions, keen waitstaff that recognize you exist and the money you are about to drop there goes towards their paycheck, not the best choice.
4	I had lunch with a large group during the week (Wednesday). The atmosphere of the restaurant was very nice. Outside dining with a nice court yard and patio was pleasant (some pigeons, but not many today). I ordered the rose infused lemonade, which was a bit tart, but good. I had the days special frittata which came with avacado, tomato and asperagus as well as a side of apples. The food was good and the feel of the restaurant was good. On the weekends during brunch I imagine it would be overcrowded and not enough seating. The properly is of good size and could probably expand the seating more to accomodate the larger weekend crowds, but during the week it is comfortable. I would go back.
4	I have to give a little back story about what brought us to this fantastic Phoenix eatery.  A group of friends and I formed a group called he Sunday Brunch Society, SBS for short, with the sole purpose to "strengthen our friendship through regularly scheduled meetings."  We diligently drafted bylaws and have been successful in our first two meetings.  This was to be our third and it was my turn to choose the location.  I had heard about this restaurant having excellent brunch on several different occasions, so I decided to give it a try.  We were thrilled with the place and plan to come back soon.There was a little wait for a table inside, but there were benches to use and we sat in an alcove of the outdoor courtyard.  Despite the chill in the air, we had a pleasant chat while listening to the live music being played by a Bohemian looking gentlemen on a guitar.  I would definitely recommend eating outside; just bring several layers of clothes if it is cold.  You can sit at tables scattered along the side and front lawns or on the porch, each with its own perspective of the old house the restaurant inhabits.  We were seated near the front door, but the rush of people coming in and out from the small kitchen and coffee bar made me feel like we had come to the place where everyone wanted to be.  Both Shaina and I had a mocha latte that was delicious and super frothy.  The menu is limited, but we all had no problem in deciding that we were each going to try the sweet potato pancakes.  Great choice!  They were out quickly and steaming hot.  The price was reasonable, but not cheap.If you have the "urge," walk back to the bathrooms and check out the artistic renditions on the walls and ceilings along with the rumpled metal stalls.  They are a real work of art.
5	Holy Mary Mother of God. Seriously. No, really. Brunch. Go.The coffee sucks, but the banana rum cake french toast, though skimpy on both banana and pecans (as advertised in the menu) is overloaded with delicious delicious flavors. Even the suspicious sounding pomegranate creme anglais was heartrendingly yummy. And ample. I could eat it for every meal for my life. Or for a week, at least.The Potato Mish Mash (sans bacon) was also stupidly good. The prices are reasonable, and the portions are good, though not terribly large. The fresh fruit side is the only thing I would stay away from; getting a side of sliced apples and green grapes with your meal is somehow sort of sad when everything else is so exciting.
5	I went here for brunch based on the recommendation of a trusted friend, and the place did not disappoint! We went around 11 am on a Saturday, so needless to say it was packed. The hostess quoted us a wait time of 15 minutes (grr.. I hate waiting.) But it turned not to be a problem. They have plenty of seating in the front courtyard, and on this day they had a live musician. We sat down and enjoyed the music (a dude strumming his guitar and serenading us with an acoustic version of Nirvana's "Come as you are".) We were soon seated on the patio and promptly served. We shared the pancakes and rum banana french toast. The french toast was definitely the highlight, but the pancakes did not disappoint. For me, Palatte has it all - great food, reasonable prices, and a lovely ambiance.
4	I'm probably imagining half of the details in this review, and they're a pastiche of three or four visits to Palatte, but whatever--here goes.I arrive at 11:30am sporting shades and a mild hangover.  The wait is twenty minutes, so my friends and I shuffle across the cobblestone and pebbles, under archways of roses and jasmine, scavenging for temporary seating.My friends score the antique bench and plastic deck chair, and I resort to a tiny seat inherited from the haunted nursery school in Silent Hill.  I make a diorama of Luke Skywalker and some Fisher Price people visiting the toy farm I find under the table.  My friends rate my artwork with crayons on coasters.  I silently begrudge them their comfy seating--until they bring me a double greyhound.Once seated, it's all uphill.  I usually order one of the tarts (caramelized onion?  triple mushroom?) and a fresh OJ, but I've tried people's french toast too and it's delicious.  I don't think they make anything poorly here.  And yeah--you're sitting under umbrellas in what looks like it was a plant nursery twenty years ago until they let it die and cut it back just enough to keep that secret garden feel.  Neat place.
3	I heard about this restaurant from a friend and loving restaurants in old houses (Coronado, Cibo, etc), I decided to give it a try.  She has said to try their roasted sweet potato pancakes for breakfast.. I loved the converted house and patio and porch. Very nice.  The pancakes were so-so.  Maybe two of the three smallish pancakes were  cooked to the point of burnt on one side.. I notice they put that side down...The expensive side of bacon was smallish strips and cool to cold,  Nothing worse than cold bacon...The poached eggs were great.  All in all I wasn't impressed with the quality and delivery of the food and the service borders on atrocious.  I was encouraged as a singleton to sit at the bar because there was a 20 minute wait, yet there were plenty of empty tables as I threaded my way thru the restaurant.  Two on the porch outside the window near where I sat at the smallish bar (3 close stools) were empty the entire 40 minutes or so I was there.. What system to restaurants use anyway to do their seating?  The "lots of empty tables but you still have to wait a long time stuff" sucks.Not sure I'd go back.. Maybe to visit the cool house again.. Ah.. and they had some very nice strawberry scones that were delish.. Maybe for those..Jim
4	A hip restaurant in an old house downtown (next to Cibo). The menu is somewhat snooty, but I've been very pleased with the breakfast items I've tried. There is usually a wait, but there is lots of outdoor seating and tables to wait at.  The cranberry nut bread is delish. They seem to be bike and dog friendly (outside only of course). The service is ok and they really should figure out how to not keep people waiting when they have open tables, but overall this is great place.  They have a website, so you can check out their menu before you go.
1	Myself and two friends were really looking forward to our experience at Palatte and unfortunately we wasted our time.  First of all, there was a 45 minute wait for brunch at 12:30 but we were ok with that.  There was live music and it was a beautiful day to sit in the courtyard and wait.  We enjoyed some lemonade and coffee while we waited.  Then as time went by we realized people who arrived after us were getting seated.  Apparantly we got skipped over by the hostess.  Nonetheless, once we pointed this out we were promplty seated.The Fritatta of the day is one of their specials and the Meat Fritatta was on the board.  It sounded delicious and I knew from the start that is what I wanted.  When we sat down, we ordered amongst other things, the fritatta, a tuna melt and another lemonade.  Turns out they are out of Lemonade.  The server then returns to inform us they are out of Fritattas as they usually run out by noon.  I suggested that perhaps if they always run out by noon to make enough to last until 2:00 or take the special off the board if you are out.  Either way I decided to settle for a tuna melt as well.But what do you know - they were out of tuna too!If you go to Palatte, the atmosphere is quaint but bring your patience and a sack lunch!
4	Ok so I love me some Palatte. I love the decor, I love the location and I love the food. And I strive not to over use the word love but this place just does it for me. I remember going into it for the first time after some friends raved about it, ordering at the counter and seating myself. That was only about a year ago.This place has grown so much since then and I'm happy to be a regular customer. I've only had the breakfast but hope to someday have dinner. Either way I don't know that they'd offer those delicious muffins of the day I always get, to start my dinner. The coffee is good and I think by now I've ordered The Dolores at least the last three or four times I've been there. But The Rustic is great too. The service, which is something I'm a stickler for is the only thing thats going to keep 'em from getting five stars. Don't get me wrong, there are a few shinning stars, one of them being the adorable hostess who's been making me smile since her days at Copper Star. Promote that girl already Palatte! As for the pretty girl that's served me at least three times and never acknowledged it, I prefer my brunch without  a side of ennui. But if I can only enjoy a delicious breakfast at the hands of aloof hipster girls, I'll take it.
5	YUM!  Best place for brunch outside on a nice sunny day to distress from corporate life.  This place has alot of character from the mismatched silverware to the home grown roses.  The food is delightful with fresh ingredients and creative dishes.  Great place to enjoy a thick, almost meaty, Bloody Mary or one of their special mint mimosa.  I quite enjoyed their Tarte of the Day as well as their sweet potato pancakes which were slightly crispy on the outside and ewy goey in the most wonderful way on the inside.   When you look around, you notice other guests are happy and are leaning back in their chair enjoying themselves; obviously Palatte is doing something right.  If their dinner is any representation of brunch, I can't wait!
5	I never wrote a review for Palatte, though it was my home-away-from-home several times each week.  Frankly, I didn't write because it was too personal for me.  I loved the food, camaraderie and friendship of Ed and Christine (and Ruby).  Although I took friends often, it never occurred to me that the place might be under water; that I should do more.  In retrospect that was naive.  Great ingredients and good service cost money.  Palatte will be missed.  Downtown has lost its anchor.
