5	This place is awesome.  Nestled between a convenience store and an adult book store on Indian School and 31st Ave., you'll miss it if you don't know to look for it.  I was introduced to Angie's & Jimmie's by a co-worker, and I am so grateful!  This place is a dive, but the food is awesome, the waitstaff are friendly, and you get a ton of food for a tiny price!  I ordered the hot turkey and cheese sub.  I wish I had known to order the half sub, because the whole sub was ENORMOUS.  I was hard-pressed to finish half, and the other made for a very filling dinner later that night.  The fresh cut fries are wonderfully seasoned, and one serving is more than enough for two people to split.  My co-worker ordered the small order of wings (12) , expecting your run-of-the mill bite-sized wings, but what she got was a heaping plate of HUGE wings.  She was able to get through four of them.  As if that weren't enough, this place offers a monster-sized 28" pizza!  The same co-worker and I are heading back there today, and I'm looking forward to enjoying some pizza.  And fries, of course!
5	I wouldn't go so far as to call the place a dive but it is a definite hole in the wall...next to a Circle K on a not so decent stretch of Indian School. Once you get inside though, things change. Enough of a variety on the menu to satisfy everyone and the prices are very reasonable. I ordered the cold Italian combo as my friend wasn't sure if they still offered half sandwiches (and I didn't have the common sense to ask), and she had the chicken parm. The woman at the counter was busy as hell as it was the middle of lunch hour, juggling the counter orders as well as the incoming phone calls, but she was still very friendly as well as the other younger woman in all black (didn't hurt that she was cute. LOL). Less than $20 for 2 huge sandwiches and 2 "gallon o' drank" sodas.For how busy it was there was plenty of seating (at your generic plastic patio furniture) and the food came out quick. Mind you I'm a big guy and this sandwich was as long as my forearm and as big around as my upper arm. The meat on my sandwich was of an ample quantity and quality, and the veggies were nice and fresh, particularly the tomatoes which were at a perfect ripeness, and pepperocinis (3 to a plate, a generous amount as they were quite large and juicy).  Like the other reviewer I could not finish my whole sandwich, the same lady that had taken our order and brought our food came at the most convenient time to offer to wrap it for me. It is now in my fridge awaiting a quick death later on.Now that I am working near here (less than a block away, natch) I'm glad my friend knew about it and showed me, as I wasn't looking forward to McDonald's every day at lunch and there isn't much else in the neighborhood.
5	Still good food, but evidently the So Cal "transplant" definition of "dive" is a little different than the definition Phoenicians use. My bad.
5	I have to come to understand and accept that I am probably the reason restaurateurs  hate yelpers.I just have no appreciation for atmosphere. I know this because during my 12-day stay in the Bay area, the word had to be repeatedly hammered into my brain, as the natives could not understand how I could merely judge a restaurant's merit based solely on their cuisine. Eventually they wrote me off as a lost cause, chalking up my dis-appreciation of fine decor and tacky acoustic music as a symptom of being Phoenician. For a while I was confused. I didn't know what was wrong with me. Was I just impossible to please? Had I no taste for aesthetics? Oh shit, I have no aesthetic sensibility. I'm an art major. What does that mean for me?All I have is a clock radio. Who am I Mommy?I was beginning to have some serious doubts about my aptitude for critique. Sweet Zombie Jesus. Maybe I didn't know what I was talking about all this time.After all, Angie and Jimmie's is as far from atmosphere as you could be. Like, as far as John Cage is from actual music, or Miley Cyrus from being talented. Fun Fact: While in San Carlos we saw a guy parked underneath a Miley Cyrus billboard giving himself some of the old "self-service at the pump". True story.There are no polished tables and cushy chairs at A&J's. No, instead they have those all-plastic all-purpose chairs that last you years and years sitting in your backyard until you invite that one plus-sized friend of yours who sits in it and bends it in such a way that is is never usable again. And there is no ambient music. Only the sounds of the arcade machines and the TV, which no matter what time of day is always playing a crime drama. Or a Billy Mays infomercial. "HI BILLY MAYS HERE BUY SOME FUCKING OXI-CLEAN OR I'LL SHOVE SOME MIGHTY PUTTY UP YOUR ASS WHILE I BANG YOUR WIFE!"The staff at A&J care as much about presentation as Fred Phelps does about receiving a box set of "The L Word" for Christmas.Their wings are not soaked in the sauce (BBW calls the process "spinning") like at other joints. No, the wings are cooked, and then, the sauce is poured over them. At first you're like "this is fucking shady, I am not pleased with this", but when you can actually taste the chicken, and dont' have to ask for like fifty extra napkins, you find you might actually walk away from the table with some dignity. Try saying the same thing after paying 9 bucks for half a sandwich while ten pounds of bitch in a five pound bag asks you if you have room for dessert.The subs are meaty and quite sustaining. So I've heard. I have a rule about ordering shit that isn't on the sign. I've never ordered a cheeseburger at Del Taco or chicken nuggets at a Red Lobster, and here I am, still alive and kicking. The system works.The pizza is simply fucking fabulous. It's crispy but never crunchy, hot but never molten, and cheesy but never "hey, how long are you going to be on the toilet? I need to take a shower" cheesy. Honestly, the only pizza I've had in Phoenix that even compares to it is Pizza A Metro...which is another small independently owned pizza shop crammed next to a Circle K......Maybe it isn't me. Maybe it's just Phoenix. Or just the west side of it. Everything's backwards here. It's like Bizarro world.All the best food is located in these hole-in-the-walls, where the decor is haphazard the menus have to be laminated because people are always spilling shit on them. There's still a pretty good chance that I'm a tasteless Philistine, but we're  in Bizarro World and that makes me a learned connoisseur of wealth and taste. I fucking love it here.
5	DING DING DING!!!! We have a winner!Yes, Phoenicians, you heard me right, I am hereby declaring a winner of the best wings in Phoenix even though I haven't been to all the restaurants that other people recommended.  There is no need. The best that another restaurant could do is come close to the yumminess available at Angie & Jimmie's, and I'm pretty sure that's not possible.  I've had plenty of adequate and good wings in P-town, but these wings are EXCELLENT!The wings are huge and meaty, covered in a mouth-watering Frank's RedHot-based sauce, and crispy.  Just the way they should be.  I haven't had wings this good since August, when I went to Duff's while I was visiting Buffalo.I have one teeny-tiny complaint though, A&J's sprinkles some seasoning on top of the hot wings that tastes like meat tenderizer.  I'll make a point of asking them not to put it on the wings next time.  It didn't make the wings bad, but it was a little distracting from everything else they did right.Other things I loved:- 5 pictures of Elvis in the dining room, 2 are on velvet- The counter is a 2x4 frame covered with lattice, the exposed lights from a beam, mismatched garden chairs, inch-thick layer of dirt on the windowsill - Just like in Buffalo!- The squeeze bottle of dressing that they give you with your wings, although I'm not sure if blue cheese is available.  I'll check next time.- The place reeks of yummy-smelling pizza. I didn't have any out of kindness to the gluten-sensitive husband, but I might have to go back and buy myself a small.- The menu is simple and perfect: pizza, wings and subs - Again, just like in Buffalo!Improvements that A&J's could make:- Kick out my neighbors and open up a second restaurant here that is only open to me.- Free food
5	Finally had some pizza and it was as good as I was told it would be.  Thin crust, cheesy cheese - like a good NYC slice.  Their wings didn't have any meat tenderizer sprinkled on it this time. And they are still the Best in Phoenix.
3	For the record, I'm the world's worst vegetarian. Well, pescetarian, but yelp doesn't think that's a real word. Whatever. I'm bad at all of it. I have a weakness for wings. What's even worse is that I didn't even KNOW i had this weakness until Jetta R and Amanda B decided to pray upon it by taking me to Angie and Jimmie's. The wings were already on the table when I walked in the door. I never stood a chance. Just like the bacon on Christmas morning. Don't judge me. The interior, pizza and ambiance are questionable at best. Those other reviews are SO NOT LYING about the plastic furniture. Which is weird, since the serving plates are those trendy square ones in earth tones. Extra points for not having enough parking spaces - thus resulting in us parking in the lot for the porn store next door. If I was half the pig I'm willing to admit I'd take sick joy in that juxtaposition. But you didn't come to A&J for the pizza. You didn't come here to impress a date. You came here for wings. Because you trust me to send you to good wings. And Angie and Jimmie's knows wings. They know them like Jetta R. knows wrestling and B movies. They know them so well they taught ME to love wings. And to question my entire veg-leaning lifestyle. Damn you, Angie and Jimmies. I have to rethink my entire outlook on food because of you. Maybe I should mull over what I'm doing with my life over another order of mediums with squeeze bottle ranch...
4	I knew my friends & I would be starving after an evening of stress relief at Shooter's World so I Yelped some restaurants nearby. My friends shot down (pun intended.. har har har) Phx Ranch Market and pho joints off of Camelback so I led them to A&J's for some pizza. We missed the first turn because I was on the look out a sign that said "Angie & Jimmie's Pizza", but only saw "PIZZA" on the window of a shack. We made a u-ey to get a closer look and thinking the parking lots connected with the porno shop, we pulled in too soon. Lo & behold, the parking lots did not connect so we slinkied into the restaurant, hoping no one passing by would recognize our cars parked at the XXX lot. Anyhow, we took a seat in the dining area and cracked jokes about the lame interior-- empty (clean) pizza boxes stacked against the wall, old arcades in the corner and crappy plastic patio furniture.. Even though I don't drink soda, the free soda fountain was a nice option. It even dispenses horchata! We ordered a deluxe large pizza, 26 BBQ wings and an order of fries. The pizza was pretty good, but the folded over crust was kind of weird, wings were meaty (albeit a bit too saucy) and the fries were OK-- nicely seasoned w/ spices, but too greasy and not crispy. I'd give it 3.5 stars, but rounded up because the service was friendly. $36 pre-tax for 3 people w/ leftovers.
4	Only after years of eating chain type sandwiches could I fully appreciate the quality and size of the sandwiches this place offers. I am a 6 foot 7 man who likes to eat good and cheap. The problem with most places is that they are more focused on the extras such as extra cheese or meat. Now I have always thought it was a scam to charge for something that you already paid for in the first place (extra cheese on a pizza). But when I go to a place that not only gives me more meat than there is bread I have to say yes!! This made up for all the overpriced, under sized, untasty sandwiches I have had to consume over the years. No more meatballs the size of a marble, or cold cuts that are coated in some kind of weird slime from sitting out to long. No this place gives you what you order, a sub made of more meat than found in a whole deli counter (lol). I could care less about the cheap chairs or the location of the place, I just always wondered how they made any money with such huge portions at such low prices? The wings are good as everyone else has already stated and the pizza is tasty every time. If you are looking for a up scale place with cloth napkins, and waiters who see you as only a $5 tip then PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS Place!!! Let those who enjoy good, affordable food come here and feast on common fare. I am sure you will be to busy counting your millions to even make the drive to west Phoenix anyway.
3	Got the Large pizza (delivered),  had good flavor and seemed to be quality ingredients, however the grease level was on the excessive side.  I'll probably go back and try the subs
4	Just got done eating and I will say their pizza is superb, great sauce, tasty cheese. I also partook in the mild hot wings and they are terrific as well. Delivery was fast and the food was hot and ready. Overall delicious.
4	I have to say this place is so so good. They don't have a sign with the name of there buisness outside of the place and its freakin ugly on the ouside and next to a porn shop and a circle K, but of my god  they have good food. The pizza is great, good crust (NY style), good sauce and good toppings. The wings are great and they are huge. The sandwiches are the same way huge and delicious. Dont let the location or the outside fool you. Inside not much to talk about but just try it you will be happy! This place has been here for over 25 years.
5	Just like all the other reviews say this place is a dive and is not in the best neighborhood.  If you can get past all that, this place is amazing.  I was referred by a friend who told me you'll never see a sub this big in your life.  Not only was he correct in that but he failed to mention that it would be the BEST sub I'd ever have in my life.  Very rarely, in down-town Phoenix, especially this part, will you get service like this.  The man who took my order (I am assuming it's Jimmie) was very polite and friendly.  He actually remembered my name from the order and used it while he was talking to me.  A small touch, yes, but one that you will rarely see.  I definitely felt appreciated.  I have yet to try the pizza and/or wings that everyone raves about.  If they're as good as the subs that come out of here, I will for sure be back to try them.
4	If you are looking for great authentic style pizza, wings, and subs, come and enjoy a warm family oriented restaurant in the heart of Phoenix.  Are you tired of the artificiality of the popular food chains, come and enjoy a unique experience at Angie and Jimmy's.  The pizza and wings is the hot commodity, due to taste and daily specials, yet Angie and Jimmy's also provide a variety of authentic subs.  The interior design is layered with precious Elvis artifacts, which is the reason why some people come in and dine in the first place.  Once there however, it is hard to not fall in love with anything and everything you eat.  Yet, if you can't make it to the restaurant, Angie and Jimmy's cater to parties and local events.  So if you can't enjoy the fun from the inside, Angie and Jimmy's lets you take it outside.
5	An ex boyfriend of mine introduced me to this place and I can tell you that's the best thing he ever did for me. Yup, this place is a total dive. Do not be afraid to get out of your car as you maneuver your way into the parking lot. Nestled in between a sheisty Circle K and an Adult Shoppe (or something) Angie & Jimmie's will NOT disappoint. If you're in the mood for some tasty slices of pizza or wings, this is the place for you. Truth be told,  I'm not really a fan of their sandwiches because they have too much meat on them for my liking (but others might see this as an endearing quality in a sub sandwich.) Oh and whatever you do, don't forget to grab a cannoli...or six! Or twenty seven.
5	Hole in the wall=most delish pizza.  Can't wait to go back and try the wings.  Although a little disappointed they no longer serve beer.
4	I really like the pizza and they deliver! It's a nice thin greasy style pizza. The toppings are a little scarce, but the price is good. Don't order sausage.
2	This place needs to be on The Food Network show, "Restaurant: IMPOSSIBLE" ... I need to remind myself not to eat here in the future unless its free... and even then.
4	Great pizza and great wings. Very cheap and the taste is awesome.
3	So I've now been in Angie's and Jimmie's Pizza shop twice and so far I'm really liking it overall. There are some off putting things but as far as this neighborhood goes it's pretty great.Pros:-The Pizza is delicious. And pretty darn reasonable in price. I always get a personal for $5 and it is quite a big pizza. -The cheese is yummy!-The sauce is just the right kind of semi-sweet.Cons:-The older woman who works at the front is quite, well, snippy. She gives off VERY unfriendly vibes and makes you feel like there is something wrong with you for ordering pizza in her store.-The store is dirty. The kitchen doesn't look dirty but the outer part is really dirty.I would never eat here as a dine-in but I'll definitely take my food out. It's good as long as you don't get grossed out by the sticky floors. Again, the kitchen DOES NOT look dirty.All in all, three out of five stars. Clean the place and brighten the attitude of the woman and I'd give it 5! (Everyone else there is really friendly.)
5	This place has the best sandwiches ever and is home of the stop sign pizza. There is nothing special about the sandwiches but, damn they are good. The fresh italian bread, the juice cuts of meat. This sandwich (the one I get) had italian dressing, mayo, lettuce, tomatoe, no onion turkey, black forest ham and cheese. You also get some pepperchinis on the side. Like I said nothing special, but still there is something about the meat and the fresh brad that totally makes this sandwich. The stop sign pizza is great for a family or a get to gather. Literally the size of a stop sign. It's like 35ish dollars and you have to pre-order it but it has like 30-40 slices (squared). Been going here for the past 12 years. I do only get the ham and turkey sandwich and have to admit that I have not had any of the other sandwiches. I do hear that the other selections are good too. The place may look a little scary, both the neighborhood and the inside. Don't let it turn you off to this place. Give it a try
5	Great sandwiches there huge. I got a pizza and it was cooked perfect, perfect cheese, sauce was perfect. My girlfriend got the turkey sub it was huge and looked perfect I will recommend this to all my friends.
5	I've been enjoying Angie's and Jimmie's pizza for the 20 years we've lived around the corner from the restaurant. I love their pizza! The crust is perfectly chewy, the sauce is perfect, and the cheese and toppings are in perfect harmony. The restaurant itself is definitely a dive, but I pick up our pizzas and bring them home, so that doesn't matter. The counter staff is friendly and accommodating, as well. I have not yet tried the cannoli, but based on what I've heard here, I will be trying them soon!
3	I got the wings. Great Sauce. Crispy Wings. The only let down was the price. $14 for a dozen wings seems a little steep. Thats like Room Service Prices.
5	I don't care what the people who write about the neighborhood and the parking this is the best pizza and subs spot in AZ. If you are in central Phoenix looking for a gourmet pizzeria then that is your problem. The staff here are great down to earth people. The food is always great and cooked just the way it should be and the prices are awesome. You know a place is good when it is always filled and the cops and firefighters eat there.
5	There is nothing fancy about this place at all.  No signage, limited parking, a squeeze bottle of ranch on the table, and its in a shady area I use to call home.  All of that being said they make some of the best pies in the Phoenix Metro area.  The secret is that they only use fresh ingredients to prepare all of their food.From the dough in the pizza, to the fresh cut romaine lettuce for their salads, to a simple fresh cut potato for french fries.  It is all fresh and cared for.  The people at A&J's love food and it shows.  Here are some of the best pizza places in town.  Pizzarie Bianco, Cibo, Pizza A Metro, and A&J's.  Notice that none of these are chains?  Also notice all of these make their own dough fresh and get great ingredients for toppings?  Lastly notice that none of these places are anywhere near, Scottsdale, Chandler, Gilbert, Tempe, or any other strip mall infested east side suburb.Get your butts to downtown, uptown, and the west side for real food with soul and flavor.That is all.
5	Great every time! Absolutely our go-to joint when we want good pizza. Wings are great too! Don't let the location stop you.
4	I had the italian sub was huge! Wings simply perfect!
5	Great Pizza & Fries.  This is old school and we have been going here since 1997.  We take everyone we know to Angie & Jimmie's and they walk away saying the same thing.  Great Pizza !
5	This place is awesome! I am HOOKED on the cheese ravioli and meatballs, the salad is delish! I work in downtown Phoenix, and I am constantly traveling to Angie and Jimmies! I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	the XL pie is the biggest on the planet its great pizza love the wings aswell who cares about the area ? It's about the food!
5	Best pizza joint in Phoenix. No one ever leaves this place hungry. Top notch.
4	Go there for the pizza, not the wings. At least that's what I remember the last time I ordered wings there. Another restaurant that makes a huge batch of wings, lets them sit and dry out, then reheats and sells them as they go.Their pizza on the other hand is fantastic.
4	if I hash-tagged, this would be called, "Don't judge a book by it's cover."Okay, this is one of those stories titled, "What rock have I been hiding under?" I literally have driven by this place every day for 15 years on the way to work and never knew it existed. Okay, well I did see the pizza sign but never thought I would ever actually stop. So today rolls around. After an especially stressy week at work I needed some comfort food bad. I was not feeling well so just wanted a place close to home. I just wanted to get some food to eat and stock the leftovers in the fridge for a long projected week ahead of overtime. Sooooooo, I threw my Zip Code into the Yelp finder and this place pops up. The place itself is a total dive. Very ugly and very rundown as prior Yelpers mentioned. I think there was a drug deal going down at the Circle K next door. Just kidding, but maybe not. lol The place is small inside. I threw my body into a bench like type table that was very uncomfortable. ( Note to self, get a free standing table next time or sit in a chair. Do not sit on the bench.)  A very nice family was sitting across from me with their darling kids. I wasn't sure what I wanted since the reviews said their subs were great too. I  browsed the menu with that in mind. I decided to order a small pizza with sausage, and an Italian hero to go. I also ordered some Cannolli.  They brought me the Cannolli first. "Hmmmmmmm, Dessert first? I advocate that. "Those guys are not making it home", I say to myself or maybe even out loud. So, I promptly inhale the two bite size treats only after letting them sit long enough to snap a photo. Gotta make the friends jealous, right? Also, I want to let Bill know I do inhale every now and again. Next up, the foil wrapped hero and my jaw promptly hits the floor. Are you kidding me? It was huge. See picture. Wow!The pizza came last. It was all very good. I was pleasantly surprised how this place has been here for 30 years and not one of my NewYorkies have told me about it. What is also great are the prices. My bill was 20 dollars and literally four people could have eaten off of the tremendous sandwich and small pizza. They also deliver any menu item for a two dollar fee. I will be happy munching all week during Parent- Teacher conferences.
4	Pretty great pizza! Don't let the divey location discourage you. What they lack in ambiance, they make up for in quality and price. The wings were good but the pizza was great. They were a little skimpy on the meat but at only $1 per topping, I guess I shouldn't complain. I may have finally found my regular pizza joint!
5	I've lived here for 18 years never heard of this place. Great NY style pizza. Kinda like NYPD pizza on a good day. Very different style crust. Solid place. Go.
4	Yes, it looks bad from the outside. Suck it up and give it a try. This is in my hood so the location doesn't bother me. It's a diamond in the rough. Pizza is delicious, prices are fantastic, and the family vibe makes it all better.
5	This place is a gem!! While eating, six cops came in and sat next to me. They were talking about the best places to eat in town and this was one of them! It's kind of a hole in the wall but the food is very good. I was pleasantly surprised
5	Delicious pizza and really inexpensive too.  Great find.
4	I happened to be downtown and came here based on yelp reviews.  It is right next to a circle k and a little bit off the  corner of 32nd Ave and Indian School Road.  The prices are excellent.  The owners did not know they were even on yelp until I mentioned it.  The cannolis are only 75 cents and are awesome.  The large pizza is only $13.00 and their foot long loaded sub is only $10.00.  The Pizza reminded me of pizza I used to eat when I lived in New York.  Their brownies are little too sweet.  Great pizza, next time I will try the calzones and the pasta.  It is a Dive and seats are not very clean.  The pizza and food is amazing.
4	Wow, this place looks bad!The parking is horrendous and the restaurant is located in an extremely shady looking strip mall.I walk in and it looks equally as shady and crappy as the exterior.However, we ordered our food "to go" and it was waiting for us when we arrived.  There was a nice woman behind the front counter taking orders and handling transactions.I was surprised when I saw the size of my Italian combo sandwich.  It was freaking huge!  I only managed to eat half of it.My only complaint is that their cannolis weren't very good and the powdered sugar spilled inside my car.I would definitely recommend this place.  They make some of the best sandwiches I have had since moving to Arizona.
5	I haven't been to Angie & Jimmies, I gotta say, in over 10 years and it is still as good now as it was back then!! Made an order for delivery today....  pizza, mild wings and a sub.  Our food arrived pretty quickly, the driver took my sub with him when he left the restaurant, but forgot to leave it with me.... so I had to call them back, but they had him return within 10 mins.  My sub was hugenormous!!! Enough for a couple people or even a few different meals. The pizza was delish and the wings were meaty, crispy and tasty!  No complaints here! Prices are good, food is awesome! I have been to their location, I agree with everyone else, parking is bad, the location looks scary and its small, BUT it is a diamond in the rough!! Try it out, you won't be disappointed!!  Definitely adding Angie & Jimmies to our favorites!
3	The sandwiches are great as are the wings that supply ranch in a form that doesn't get your fingers too messy. I have been back a couple times and the pizza isn't the best but the other items on the menu are worth a trip to Angie's and Jimmies
2	My boyfriend recommended we pick up from here because he come here when he was younger. We ordered the ol pizza and wings last night. A great deal for a large- and I mean large pizza(Hawaiian) and 12 wings(mild) for $21.The pizza crust was was bland like no salt was added what so ever and too chewy. Very light on the sauce. The toppings were good but too few, an average of maybe 3 small wedges of pineapple on a slice(keep in mind a huge slice). Maybe it was an off batch of dough but I won't order another pizza from here.The wings were not your typical breaded or bathing sauce. They were crispy and good quality. But the sauce was all on the bottom of the container and the wings were well naked. If they would have actually mixed the wings with the sauce they would have been bomb.comAnd the ranch meh, I've had better since it kind of tasted like the low fat hidden valley ranch.
4	A great place to get a take out pizza when going to the Glendale Drive In Theatre.  Pizza comes in 6 sizes ranging from person to their Hugh 28" Fork Lift pizza.   We usually get one for the drive-in, put up the hatchback and eat, eat, eat!
1	Ordered wings for delivery and asked for specifics of less dry. Wings came dry on the underneath. Called and asked for a new order and had to bring back the wings ourselves. Unapologetically the counter lady Beth told us that they dont toss their wings. "Toss the wings, who does that" said Beth. Do yourself a favor. Dont eat this place. And its dirty.. Filthy kitchen.
4	Didnt order anything super complicated just a cheese pie and a single salad but what it was simple and amazing!   The the salad was full of turkey and vegies the blue cheese tasted homemade!   The pizza rivaled east coast!  Way to bring it!  Sooooo good!
1	I tried it for the first time it's the worst pizza ever it make me sick I'll never go back there!
4	Best Pizza by far.  The crust is soft yet crunchy yet doughy and their salads make a nice side dish.
5	Was shocked...where can you go and get a 10" personal pizza and a drink for $6.50??? I have yet to know a place. Dough has a very fresh taste, as in it tastes natural and not loaded down with "stuff." Great food and very friendly staff and owner. We'll be back for sure! Our group got (2) 26" pizzas and lots of wings...all well priced! Thanks!
1	I used to love this place. This last visit I never got a chance to eat. Waited 30 minutes for a small pizza that never came. Not one word from the staff about any kind of delay either
4	Been going when I was an employee at nearby Grand Canyon University; no longer work there but have no problem going out of my way for a pepperoni and double sausage...will be going probably as long as I'm alive or they remain open.Could use some curb appeal because on my recent visit a couple of days ago I wasn't sure it was still open even though there was an "Open" neon sign...other than that there wasn't much sign of life.
