4	I really, really like wings.  A whole bunch.  Something in the primal part of my brain switches on and I love getting the meat off of those little bones.  (Boneless wings are for sissies.)I also really, really love sauces.  The more sauces the better.  Condiments can make or break a meal for me, for sure.And yeah, it's a big chain but the wings here are tasty.  I'm not into really hot buffalo sauces, so their teriyaki, bbq, parmesean garlic, honey bbq and jerk sauces make me so happy.  I often have a hard time choosing and end up with 6 wings of about 4 different sauces.  (And leftovers.)  I freakin' love their wings.The one thing I don't like is the atmosphere and the service.  I'm not the only one either - a lot of people I talk to when this place is brought up complain about how slow and inattentive the servers are.  Then there's the ever present Golden Tee machine.  (Groan.)  However, they offer carry out so you can mess up your fingers in the privacy of your own home.
4	I'm not a big wing fan. That is, I love wings, I loathe the work it takes to get a bite of meat off that tiny bone. I do like to eat with my hands, though, and I enjoy getting messy while doing it. Not to say I eat like an absolute slob, but I don't mind a little trip to the handsink after devouring a handmeal.What? Anyway ... the saving grace, the reason that I'd make a trip to Buffalo Wild Wings given the fact that I don't enjoy eating standard wings is because they have *drum roll* BONELESS WINGS! Okay, okay, they're chicken strips. Whatever. They've got 'em, and they offer 'em in all the tasty sauces they serve the regular wings in. Parmesan Garlic boneless wings and a beer? That's fancy cookin' right there. Have me a big ol' time. Like my Granddaddy would say, "They's fit t'eat."But, I agree with Crystal, as for the atmosphere and service? I don't much care for sports-type bars, and I like to be, you know, waited on.
1	The wings suck. I love good wings and these just aren't. Service was mediocre at best. Won't go back.
4	I remember the first time I went to Las Vegas (circa 2004) and started my 'career' as a live boxing fan, my friend Steve would take me here when I came in on Fri nights. I'm not going to repeat what the previous reviewers have said, but I think the biggest gimmick for me was the hot sauces that had a rating from 1 to 10. Naturally being an egomaniac, I asked them to give me a 10. I just remember after eating those wings, sweat was starting to build on my forehead. The funniest part though was that I had an instinct wipe my eyes off, but I had the damn hot sauce on my fingers so it was a hilarious scene as I got up blind and attempted to walk myself into the employee's area and grab ice to put on my eye.I found the service to be better than what the others have said. They were fast enough for my moderate attitude. You usually know when I want to be served when I get my own drinks in the back area anyways.The food? Nothing spectacular, but it's filling and I usually had a good night after eating there. That isn't to say there were other 'resources' making it a better night ;-)
3	Decent place to grab some wings or a burger.  It's filled with TV's and they have a fun trivia game you can play at your table.  As the name implies, it has a full bar.I had an order of mild boneless wings, and a "Big Jack Daddy Burger", which is a burger with pulled pork, bacon and onion rings.  The food was really good.  Buffalo's is also open 24 hours, so it's a nice late night choice for the munchies.
4	BWW is an all around damn good wings joint...I ordered the mango habanero sauce with my buffalo wings and god, I was in heaven...The place is open 24 hours, there's a bar and big screen tvs...I do wish the chairs, or at least the booths had some cushion to them. And they could prolly improve the decor... But overall I was happy with the place. They've also got excellent customer service, very friendly and attentive staff... Will definitely go back!
5	How can you go wrong with the time-tested combination of beer and wings? This specific location at the Galleria Mall had a corporate takeover in 2008, and things have gotten much better since then.The last few times we've gone there, the food has been overcooked. According to the staff, the corporate managers fired everyone in the kitchen and replaced them with lower-wage workers. I guess you get what you pay for...The bar staff is especially helpful, Megan, Fernando, Lysa, Sylvia, and Karena are great!
5	This place is the best. Good food,beer and great employees. Great for just hanging out with friends and or lunch/dinner with family. Hey you can catch a game there too. Perfect!
4	OK, so the last time I went to the BWW  on the other side of town I had the worst.service.ever. This place really validated the chain for me. We sat at the bar and at first had a girl taking care of us that very clearly was about to go home and did not really have any intrest in even making eye contact. We were rescued by a guy we had gotten before, i will update with his name, he was actually really great. He even remembered us and my husbands terrible taste in sports teams even tho we had only been there once before and that was months ago. Food is what it is, bar food fried and covered in sauce. You really cannot expect too much variation from spot to spot. What makes all the difference is the service and the atmosphere ( o crap I sound like that guy from office space talking about flair) but it is true. Our server rocked and the next time I want to intriduce free radicals into my body in the form of fried food and beer, I will probably go there and hope that he is my server.
5	There are no better wings than buffalo wild wings. I lived in San Angelo where getting a seat  @BWW for a game involved getting there a few hrs prior, then left for San Diego. BLAH! BOO!!! (i once had to pour hot sauce on top of the hottest wings @ hooters, so sad)  they know nothing about wings. We had to drive all the way to Marrietta in Riverside Co. for BWW. I'm so glad we have BWW back again. My fav right now is spicy garlic and the Azian zing. If u like hot/sweet i'd recommend ordering Azian zing/Teriaki. Yum. Spicy garlic is perfect, not too hot like the Wild and not too mild. Crazingly enought I dont order parm. garlic b/c it looks gross. Medium tastes better than hot, just has a better flavor. And rectnly I can't go in here w/out ordering their chips and salsa. Maybe b/c the salsa is ice cold. The bugers are ok, not anything to write home about, but how can you order burgers when they are glorious wings ready to be had??
5	What can I not say about BWW? I LOVE this place. We are usually here at least once a week. Tuesday 45 cent wings are never a let down. We usually end up getting the Mango Habanero and Caribbean Jerk sauced wings. The pulled pork sliders (with Hot BBQ sauce) and cheeseburger sliders are perfect. They'll even add a little bacon to the cheeseburger sliders if you ask. The potato wedges are always hot and great. You can add cheese and/or bacon on top but I find them the tastiest when they are plain. I love their Chicken Tender salad which is simply lettuce, tomato, red onion, croutons and your choice of chicken tenders drenched in the sauce of your choice. This salad usually provides me leftovers that I have for lunch the next day.The service is always great. Awesome music is always playing. You can play a little video poker/blackjack up at the bar if you'd like. I'd live at BWW if I could. Seriously.
4	So... the boyfriend decided we could splurge on the healthy eating plan and hit up buffalo wild wings. Apparently he had a hankering for COMFORT FOOD.Normally when we go to this location we get RODNEY as our server. We really enjoy him as he is funny, and makes sure that our orders are perfect. We have had poor service in the past but .. that is in the past. This particular evening we had a different server and she was nice .. Refills were prompt and we got our Nachos first. It was a big portion and completely yummy.  The chips are really fresh and they top them with queso, chili , lettuce , pico... so good. She brought us extra sour cream and salsa which was nice.We also ordered some garlic parm wings traditional bone in extra crispy ... we got them extra saucy rather than extra crispy . but no matter it was still delicious. I took one star away for the mishap .. but notice still 4 stars.Really really good. But next time we will make sure that we get Rodney. He really is the best server and he actually seems to enjoy his job. Which is a bonus :)
4	Just went there and it was pretty good.  Service was good, what you'd expect from a chain and on a friday night when it was busy.  Server missed my friends app order, but could've been his fault for not being too clear.  Other than that, the only con I have about the place is the beer price.  7 bucks for a tall Newcastle, I guess thats standard Vegas.  Bland Decor, but who cares, TV's for days...Probably gonna go there on sundays for NFL, should be great.  Oh yeah, and open 24hrs, pretty Sick imo, enjoy
3	I've been here a couple of times. Most recently, we stopped by after watching the Rebels win their only victory so far this season - a 45-10 thumping of lowly New Mexico. Or as I sometimes call them - Used Mexico... or Certified Pre-Owned Mexico. I kid.There's not much to say. This is your standard BWW. The wings are pretty good but really nothing special in the end. Despite there being a huge party of middle-school-aged kids in the house, the service was still good.I would return if it's suggested, but BWW isn't usually my choice of spots.
4	I still remember the first time I spotted this B Dubs.  I had just moved to town a few weeks before and couldn't believe it.  I knew if Vegas had a B Dubs, I could live here.I've been here MANY times over the last few years, and, with the exception of last March Madness when technical difficulties forced me to go across the street to Sunset Station sports book to view the UK game, I have never had a bad experience.  Their sauce really is the best restaurant sauce.  I'm partial to Spicy Garlic and Hot wing sauce.  I even buy the trio of sauces so I can make my own at home when I am budgeting.  Plus, I'm a big dork and I love buzz time trivia.  Don't judge me.I was here last Tuesday and discovered yet another reason to love this place: ELECTRONIC CORNHOLE!
3	I was in Vegas for the weekend and for general desire of an acceptable place to drink and bs with the friends, this is where we went. It was all the flavors of beer and wings that I'd come to expect from BWW, yet so so far from home. It was remarkably soothing to chill here to escape the expected drunken bonanza from a typical Vegas trip.
4	Bone in wings Tuesdays are days to look forward to. On these days my friend and I tend to egg each other on to see who can be the bigger fatty. It is not a pretty sight for anyone within the vicinity, but at these prices would you care? This location tend to have better quality wings then the one on Las Vegas Boulevard. We have been to both, on several occasions, and feel  the strip property has the most pathetically anorexic pieces. We deviated on this occasion from our normal order of four six wing orders in Caribbean jerk, spicy garlic, mango habanero, and mild. Instead we got an ordered chips and salsa as an appetizer. The chips were fresh and not oily. The salsa was not bad, I was skeptical when my friend said that their salsa was good, but it was decent. We stuck to our two favorite sauces; the mango habanero and spicy garlic, and tried one of the dry rubs. The Buffalo spice was a delightful variation from the normally saucy wings. It will be a new addition to our rotation. With all the sauces that BWW's has, alternating and trying new flavors is not always bad. Do it on a Tuesday or Thursday when it is cheaper to experiment.
3	Came here with my boyfriend and two of our other friends, making a party of four. We opted for the large order of 50 wings and tried to order 5 different flavors, but ended up getting only 4; honey bbq, mango habanero, garlic parmesan and desert heat. The honey bbq was pretty standard with lots of the sticky sweet glaze on the wings. The mango habanero had a similar color to the bbq but a fruity flavor that stood out and the punch of habanero and were very enjoyable. The garlic parmesan actually tasted strongly of parmesan and garlic, which made them stand out. I particularly enjoyed the contrast of the crumbly, dry outside of the desert heat when paired with the juicy chicken. The wings were overall pretty good but some were a bit on the small side. The interior is loaded with flat screen TVs displaying a wide variety of sports and girls in bikinis while there is also a bar area that provides gaming and an assortment of various beers on tap. We were happy to find Lienenkugels on tap and order a large glass- easily enough for two to share or one happy individual to chug on. There's a lot of appetizers that sound like yummy bar food to pair with your brew and they are open 24 hours, so I think I'll be coming here now instead of Checkers for my late-night wing fix. It's not gourmet but there's beer, boobs and chicken so who could argue?
5	Love the wings! Go for the spicy garlic, chipotle dry hub, and the hot.
4	Service was awesome by Drew at 2am when we were there. They have good snacks.
5	I always get the same thing every Buffalo Wild Wings I go to. Ive tried other things on the menu and  I stick with 6 HOT and 6 Medium Wings (traditional)and a tall Coors Lite.  Stick with what you like.Sit at the bar, play some trivia. I went on a weekday in the daytime at the bartender took good care of me
4	Excellent place to watch a game while you have some drinks, good wings and good service. Wish they wood comp more drinks while you gamble but it usually depends on how well the bartender likes you. Either way love going here for games, usually some kind of drink/appetizer special...and big fan of the spicy garlic sauce!!! Nom Nom Nom!
5	very talented bar staff during happy hours. Cheap wings on tuesday. Lots of beer on tap. One of my favorite sports bars
4	I ordered the combo plate with honey BBQ ribs and sweet BBQ traditional wings.  The wings were good, the sauce was good, the ribs were sub par.  They taste like the ribs at Applebee's, which I consider bottom of the barrel variety.  So if you go here, stick to the tried and true wings and nothing else.  In my opinion, they're not as good as The Chicken Shack or Hooters, but I'm still set on coming back and trying the boneless wings next time.UPDATE: After a bout of insomnia, I came here at 3 in the morning to get my chicken wing fix (it's open 24 hours, conveniently enough)...  I decided to try the boneless wings (i.e. fingers) with the teriyaki sauce.  Unfortunately, I found the strips too crispy and dry and the glaze unbearably strong.  Oh well, I know for next time...  STICK WITH THE TRADITIONAL WINGS ONLY.
1	Service was fine.  The staff are clearly trained on upselling and offer to add-on everything they sell to your order.  The sauce was great, the wings were terrible.  I ordered 18 wings and got only 1 leg.  Everyone knows the legs are the best, so this is intentional.  I'm sure they'd be willing to give me more legs for a fee.  The wings also had very little meat on them.  The positives were friendly service and fun atmosphere.  I'd go back for beers or to buy sauce, but not wings.
4	It's all about Wing Tuesdays, man. You can get any number of any wing sauce for just 45 cents a piece! For 12 bone-in wings, I paid just $6.81 (including "service charge" which probably is the tip). I had 6 Honey BBQ wings, which were unfortunately a little bit bland, and 6 Parmesan Garlic wings, which totally rocked the house.I also really enjoyed the trivia game that they have at this location. It's on about 1 out of every 3 or 4 TV screens. It's kinda cool to test your skills against people eating in restaurants across the country, and if multiple people are playing at your table, it's even better. And I love all the other TVs plastered up all over the place, which are usually playing sporting events and fun sports-related thing.Unfortunately, the Honey BBQ wings were just not that good, and you kinda have to expect this to be a good flavor. I'll say just 4 stars based on my Wing Tuesday experience.P.S. Don't go for the all-you-can-eat lunchtime thing unless you're definitely going to eat 20+ wings. Wing Tuesdays are a better deal for normal meals.
5	The wings here are delicious. I get the Mango Habanero and Asian Zing every time I'm in town. I wish I had one closer to where I live.
1	This place makes me sad. I'm new to Vegas from California and have never been to BWW before; therefore I was elated to learn of their AYCE wings from 11-2 lunch special. Stopped in for lunch after a midterm with the girls yesterday. The waittress Danielle S. seemed to be the only waittress in the entire restaurant (with the rest of the staff standing around socializing &doing the minimal). It took 50 mins to get our order, even though Danielle S. reassured us that it only takes 8 mins to make :O ...... We had 1.5 hours for lunch from class after the exam and we were stuck at this joint for almost 2 hours. The waittress was nice BUT DID NOT UNDERSTAND when we mentioned our time constraint. She lagged getting our orders and spent 20 mins to get the bill. Completely unacceptable to spend 2hrs for lunch. Asked for confirmation of the bill several times; did not know how to split a bill; felt the need to write "YOUR COPY" & "MY COPY" on all our receipts so we know where to sign because apparently we all do not know what merchant means. I asked another girl who did not seem preoccupy whatsover for help because we had to get back to class and she responded that there was nothing she can do and it will be a minute. THE FACT THAT WE HAD TO GET UP AND STAND BY THE REGISTERS AND WAIT TO BE RANG UP IS HORRIFIC. Rude ass employees with grade school manners. The manager was present but did not care to acknowledge the problem; simply told us to wait for our checks!!! I'm sure other locations do not treat people like this and they do not deserve your business. The one star was for the wings, the only thing that made sense.
3	I've been to quite a few "b-dubs" and this one is alright.  It's usually pretty packed here (I guess it's because the last few times I went, we were there for tuesday wing night lol) so we usually have to wait for a while to get seated.I usually opt to getting the "veggie" burger for the non meat eaters and it was pretty good.  The last time though the burger was cold so I was a bit bummed that I had to eat a partially frozen burg.  Nonetheless, it is nice to have an option in a restaurant where wings reign supreme.Also, the trivia aspect of BWW is a nice touch.  It keeps everybody engaged on the table plus it makes the wait for the food seem a little shorter.Good times and good wings (so I hear).  Maybe next time they'll make my burger a little less cold and make me a little more happy.
4	This, I would say, is by far the best BWW I've been to.  First off, it's huge!  So many TV's cover this place plus is very opened up. Some BWW's are separated in rooms this one is much more like one big open room then the bar. The bar is also very open and very big. Almost all the TV's are angled at such a position where you can see everything wherever you're at. The food and service are much like other BWW's, very friendly, very prompt. I went in on a Monday Night Football game with the Cowboys playing and it was packed. Still, I got my wings and potato wedges before my beer even arrived! Only suggestion (and this goes out to all BWW's): Make a breaded version of wings like Hooters. It's the only thing missing from your menu.
4	Love this Buffalo Wild Wings! I get a take out order for co workers and myself once a week and it's always delicious!Definitely stop by if you're at the mall shopping and looking for some tasty, great priced food!Their honey bbq sauce is to die for!
3	3.5 starsJust get the wings and beer. I tried 5 flavors and my favorites were the Carribean Jerk and the Chipotle Dry Rub. The chipotle dry rub was perfectly seasoned. The carribean jerk sauce tasted great but they drowned the chicken in the sauce which lessened the crunchiness of the fried chicken. Next time, I think I'll ask them to "go easy" on the sauce. I also got the cole slaw and potatoes wedges on the side. The wedges were standard but simply a filler for me. As for the cole slaw, it tasted funky. I can't quite put my finger on it but something was off putting about the slaw. I wish they had an option where you can taste just the sauce. I guess I'll ask them next time =)I was pretty full at 10 wings (is that barbaric for a woman?).Anyhow, I plan to come here after finals week to down some beer and chomp on some wings. It's a good spot to hang out with friends and zone out on one of their TVs!
4	Came back last night for Wing Tuesday and managed to try a lot of flavors because my friends ordered different things. Skipped the honey bbq because I wasn't impressed last time. My favorites were garlic parmesan, asian zing, and chipotle bbq. Buffalo was pretty good, but was more buttery than spicy. Caribbean jerk was also really good, although I'd shy away from ordering myself the minimum of 5 because it was kinda spicy for me. Others who are more tolerant won't find it so spicy. The last one that I tried, desert heat, was just ok.Not ready to bump this up to 5 stars yet because the service was a bit slow while we were deciding on our orders. Definitely a good idea to bring friends on tuesdays to share different flavors of wings for just $0.45. And it's really open 24/7, which is great for late night munchies!
5	Best WINGS...;-)
4	I gave an extra star because the service was fantastic.  Never had an empty drink, appetizers came up quick, server checked in multiple times.  And this was during busy hours.The appetizers...not so great imo.  Had the Roasted Garlic Mushroom, just tasted like something fried in my mouth, not sure what it was.  Jalapeno Pepper bites (with bacon), not good, big disappointment.  Artichoke dip - that was good.The wings...those were pretty good.  I was with friends that had specific tastes and sensitive to heat so since we were sharing I couldn't try the ones I really wanted to (habanero, blazing, etc.)  Did try the hot, parmesan garlic, honey bbq, and they were all good.Liked the sports bar atmosphere, different games all over and you can play trivia. All in all, I'd definitely go back for the wings and the artichoke dip.
3	BWW is just okay.  The service is always just BARELY acceptable.  On multiple occasions, I've had to send back the chili con queso or spinach artichoke dip because it was cold in the middle.  I also HATE their side salads with all that frickin' curly lettuce.  It makes me feel like I'm eating a houseplant.Upside?  I like the sauces.  Caribbean Jerk and Garlic Parmesan.  Oh heck yes.
5	All hats off!!! Sports, Big Screens  tv every where. Mangers are are fantastic!!!!! Beer of all brands from draft, imports, domestics and specialty!!!! Bufflalo Wild Wings ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Very standard Buffalo Wild Wings location. I have experienced both good and bad service here, so it's hit or miss. On our most recent visit, the service was good and they kept the drink refills coming, which is key when I kick up the spice level.
4	Honestly, wings are probably my favorite food on the planet. I'll get them any way I can. BWW always has good variety and plays just about every sporting event known to man, which makes this place all the better for me. I'll be spending a lot of time here during football season. My new love is the Thai curry.
5	Awesome food and service!
1	I have to rate this a 1 star just so I can tell you how horrible they actually are!!!Ok so we decided to eat here because the Olympics are going on and what a great place to probably watch some of the games whilst enjoying some wings, right?  Um nope, not at all!!   First we had to stand at the front and ask if they could please turn at least one of their many screens to an Olympic sport, after much debate on which screen would be turned we were able to have a seat.  We were escorted over to a table that was still dirty from the prior guests and just as we were about to sit down the host told us "WAIT!!"  "Let me wipe that down for you"  Underneath the table had what appeared to be a days worth of straw wrappers and those rings that go around the napkins.  They do not seem to care about what the floor looks like.  The booth was covered in food particles also but they never bothered to wipe the seats off, just the table.  10 minutes went by before anyone came to even take our drink order, yet the server that did finally grace us with his presence had walked by at least 8 times prior to taking our orders and made eye contact with me each time.  I ordered Iced Tea, the other two people in my group ordered a water and a Coke Zero.  He could not get the order right, I had to tell him two more times that I had ordered an Iced Tea.  I was afraid that he might not come back for awhile we placed our order, you know having 10 minutes of sitting there waiting for a server we all had more than ample enough time to decide.  We sat another 10 to 15 minutes before the drinks came back and when I was handed a very brownish in color Iced Tea, which tasted like coffee grounds.  It was horrible!!  I had to wait another 15 minutes before anyone came back to our table so I could ask for another drink.  The server that did come at this time was a girl, completely different from the first server that took our official order.  She dropped the trays where we would put our bones onto the floor and then laughed just seconds before asking us "Oh did I drop something?"  I DO NOT KNOW!!  I was not paying attention to you doing your job, I am trying to enjoy my time with my friends.   She apologized for the disgusting tea and took my drink order and walked away.  We actually even noticed our first server taking a "to-go box" to the people behind our booth and dropped it on the floor upside down, he literally picked it up and proceeded to hand the clueless customers the dirty "to-go box"  Two of us actually ordered wings but we had no where to put the bones and nothing to even clean our hands off with, well I should take that back, we each received the one napkin that was rolled up with our dirty silverware.....and yes they were dirty, every piece had dried up food on it!  Another server, different from the two that had stopped at our table brought me my drink and we had to again ask for napkins and a place to put the bones, several minutes later a 4th server came to drop off napkins and a little tray for the bones, not once did anyone apologize for any of this bad service and not once did anyone ask "HOW IS EVERYTHING?"  Had they bothered to ask I would have been completely honest and told them that the service was horrible!  I actually had to leave the table to wash my hands in the bathroom since we were not giving more than 2 more napkins but most importantly, no moist towel things.....YET a table across from us that were participating in an eating contest sure did have some.Towards the end of our meal a manager walked by and picked up the small cardboard tray/container that the 2nd server dropped on the floor and finally a 5th server stopped by our table to see if we needed refills, I just asked for the bill so we could leave.  The best way to describe this location of Buffalo Wild Wings is it sucks!!  I have eaten at many Bdubs over the years in Michigan and they all have had very minor issues but have all been a very fun time, I will NEVER eat at this location again and it has really put a bad taste in my mouth about trying to go to any other one in Nevada for that matter!!   It has been 2 hours since I left and I already have a terrible stomach ache which I can only think was the chicken, I did not get anything spicy this time so I do not think it was any of the sauce and the funny thing is the name of our server on my bill was a completely different person that we never even met named Frank!!!  My advice to this place is to get their stuff together!
4	Good place to come watch some football have some wings maybe a few drinks and enjoy the game.
3	24-hour wing place sounds good to me! customer service is A-ok. hit or miss sometimes. food: i wish the wings were a little bit bigger!!!!!MUST TRY THE Mango habenero!!!!!!
3	I love the sauces, but the wings themselves aren't great.  I now start eating the boneless strips just because the wings have been subpar.  Service is usually pretty good here.  Spicy Garlic might just be my favorite wing sauce period.
4	I've been to several BW3's over the years, and have always loved them. The only problem with them is that I've gotten too old for places that loud - that's more of a failing with me than with them.I need to get a bottle of their mango habanero sauce, so I don't have to waste time with any chicken nonsense, and just drink that.
4	I am not a fan of the wing scene in Vegas but BWW isn't too bad. I prefer to go on Tuesday or Thursday when they are .60 cents. They have good happy hour food and drink specials twice a day and this is a great place to watch sports.
5	Our server this past visit was AWESOME!so friendly happy and seemed as though he enjoyed his job. Unlike a young gal who seemed somewhat bi-polar, when asking for cheese with the fries.Well!! we went on a Friday night before going bowling.. ohh yeah!BUSY it was very busy!  wait was about 35 minutes for a clean table. A few games were going on the large tv screens and the bar was full!  I don't remember our servers name.. but he checked back frequently to see that everything was okay. if we needed anything else. refilled our cups. and.. as we were ordering combined the wings into a larger order, as opposed to three small orders and made it cheaper for us.  NOW that is a NICE man. :D  just saying he got a good tip.nice and close to the mall if you don't fancy food court food.
1	Let me start off by saying, I LOVE chicken wings. They are one of my 5 major food groups. So its only natural that I visit this establishment VERY often. However, I will NEVER be returning after my experience over the past week. The other night my fiance and I went in for some late night wings and drinks. I said I would pay for food, and he would pay for drinks. I paid cash, he paid on his card. The next day we realized they had charged his card twice, for the drinks and food. I called them up with both reciepts ready and explained my problem. The manager said that only the drink charge would post and if there was any problems I could call back. Well when the wrong charge posted, I called back and he said there was nothing he could do. He was rude to me about it, unapologetic and made no offer to make it right to me. I have worked in the restaurant business and I have NEVER seen that. Usually when a restaurant makes a mistake they not only make it right, but they usually offer you something for the inconvenience. All this manager did was pretty much say oh well, sucks to be you. Lets just say, I'll be getting my chicken wing fix elsewhere from now on.
5	I've been coming here since i was 1yrs. old, and I absolutely love this place. DON'T order Sweet BBQ with ANY hot wing/boneless wings, you will be highly disappointed. But this place ALWAYS rocks my socks =]
4	You cant go wrong with salt and vinegar wings, a cold beer and a good game. This is one of the hubs favorite places to go and I thoroughly enjoy myself as well. I was amazed by the quality of the salad I ordered. I expected your typical run of the mill restaurant side salad - iceberg lettuce, some onions and ranch. But this was amazing. There was a variety of greens and even some extra veggies tossed in. Love it.
5	Great wings and great service by Daniel! !! Love my blue moon on draft! Try the havanero mango mmmmmmm!
4	This place is growing on me.  It has the feel of a sports bar and the food quality of a good sports bar :) .  They have great sauces for their wings, the onion rings were fabulous, the hamburger, while not the greatest hamburger ever, really hits the spot and you can put whatever you want on it.  Try the queso on it!  The bun wasn't crispy enough for me but the burger was cooked right!  There is always at least two tv's you can watch no matter which direction you face and the staff is friendly!We will definitely come here when there is a sporting event! Even our picky kids like it!
1	Hot wings and burgers sounded great after a night out, but I was really disappointed.  The bartender took all of our orders correctly (i could tell by the receipt) but every single order came out of the kitchen wrong! Not gonna come back again for a late night snack.
4	This ones isn't as close to my house... but I stop in occasionally when I'm in the area. I usually sit at the bar and Megan always takes great care of me. This one usually has an upbeat vibe. The girls behind the bar are fun.Nothing like take a break from the mall with a tall Blue Moon to take the edge off.If I'm eating than I really like the chips with cheese and Cajon seasoning. I feel like the quality of the chips has gone down a little bit, not a lot...but there's a small distinction. I still like them.Wings: My favorites in order are: Wild (Spicy), Mango Habanera (spicy), and Teriyaki (mild), Caribbean Jerk (medium), & Spicy Garlic (medium) But my friend really likes the honey BBQ (mild) Pro tip: Order the wings crispy (I hate when I forget)Happy Hour 2pm-7pm and 10pm-6am$3 Drinks (Jack, Captain or Absolute)$3 Domestic Drafts$3 select Appetizers (only time I get the mushrooms)
4	Buffalo Wild Wings holds a special place in my heart because it is the place where my husband and I had our first date. I know, it's just magical right? It was not at this particular location, but I still think back to our first meeting whenever I go to BWW.This location is located in the Galleria Mall Shopping Complex and tends to be busy and frequented by quite a few patrons on the regular. It has the same feel as any other BWW you will go into. Sports bar, good selection of beers, great menu items, and of course tasty chicken. Whether you like it on the bone or boneless, BWW is here for you.On my husband and I's recent trip here we had indulged in boneless wings, buffalo chips with cheese and bacon, and cheese curds. To be noted these cheese curds are made with cheddar cheese, which is hard to come by in Vegas because typically most places use a white mozzarella. My husband is from Iowa, where they serve cheese BALLS (and they are always cheddar), so this was a great find for him. My boneless wings were a bit on the dry side though and they didn't have the Sam Adam's seasonal beer they had featured in the menu that my husband wanted. The waitress brought me a tall beer instead of a regular, but said the bartender just accidentally poured that one and she figured she just bring me that one anyway but still charge for the regular, which was fine. She did ask us if we wanted dessert while we were barely into eating our meal, which was a little odd, but oh well. Service was a tad slow, but the place was kind of busy.Overall this BWW gets a solid 4 stars. I would obviously return.
2	Oh gosh, it was clearly after 1:00am when my roommate suggested we go to BWW for a late night snack.  I was actually starving and agreed, even though I had an 8:00am meeting.  The great thing is that all BWWs are very consistent.  When you enter, you see the restaurant dining area for folks who prefer a non bar scene.  Keep in mind, this place closes after hours.  In the back is the bar area.  The bar takes up a lot of the space, obviously being the focal point of the area.  The bar area is filled with round bar stools, big screen TVs for the game and sports memorabilia.  The bartender was the only server on duty at the time.  He was nice, however, it took soooo long to place our order or get our check.  It was to the point that we would just stare at him until he came around.  Granted, there were three other parties in there at the moment, but c'mon.  I was a little turned off by that.  For starters, we got the cheese curds for $5.19.  Battered and fried cheddar curds served with a yellowish dipping sauce.  The curds were not good at all in my opinion.  The batter seemed stale and it came off as if they sat out for quite some time.  The dipping sauce made it worse.  I couldn't even tell what it was.  Just not good.  For my meal, I got the snack size traditional wings, mild flavor, for $5.99.  You get about 5 wings flavored the way you like it.  The mild sauce was flavorful but a little hot for my taste buds. The blue cheese dipping sauce made it better.  I do appreciate the fact that they made a good wing, I'll give them that.  Although it was after hours, I wasn't that impressed by this location.  It's close to my house, so I know I'll eventually be back.  Hard to say when, though.  In an area filled with restaurants, it's not really standing out as a first choice for me in the future.
4	Planned a fun day with my close family and i planned to go to buffalo wild wings, we waited like normal, the wings are why i came and i wasnt let down. I waited for my meal a little more then expected due to i didn't give my sauce for my burger that came with the meal, no biggie i kept waiting after asking 3 different times to two different people. Finally after everyone at my table was done eating i finally got my sauce. Besides the wait are server seemed like a busy lady she kept bring my boy friend drinks,but not the whole table. Besides this encounter i love this plave.
4	One of the better BWW I've been to. Being in the middle of Henderson, I was surprised at how many Seahawk fans there were at the bar. Happy hour specials run from 2-7pm during the week, which includes $3 well drinks, $3 domestic beers, and $3 select appetizers. My only complaint was that food took forever to come out, but I'll give them a pass since it was a busy night with the biggest Monday night football game of the year playing. I'll probably never come back to this location again due to proximity, but it gets a thumbs up!
4	My favorite location by far. Love me some hot wings and cold beer!Great happy hour specials. The asain zing is the bomb. They have dry rubs as well. They are so so. Love the selection of sauces. Pretzels with cheese sauce is some of the best around. Enough TV's to keep the biggest sports fan happy! They are happy to move the games around too so your game is on the tv nearest you!!Love that they have their names on the back of their shirts too!!
5	Best service I have had at a Buffalo Wild Wings in a while! It was sugar bowl game day and we completely forgot so when we got there it was extremely crowded but they still managed to sit us immediately in the bar area. Our server was Jenn who was very attentive! Our guest service manager was Jeremy and he was so awesome! We adored him he was so nice and brought us a great beer sample. The food was awesome, beer was awesome and ticket times were short! Will for sure be returning again soon!
4	My husband and I have had a bad experience at a Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant before. This one wasn't so bad.The customer service was quick and our waitress was friendly and prompt. We got our drinks quickly and were waited on in a timely manner.We ordered parmesan garlic boneless chicken wings. My husband prefers bone-in wings because he thinks there's more meat and less breading. But I'm his wife, so I win. Anyway, the chicken was good. I liked the amount of sauce, and the wings weren't cold. The booth was spacious, the place was clean, and the room wasn't obnoxiously loud.Very nice place to have a date and watch espn at the same time.
4	Great service, good wings, they keep your drinks coming, and I like country they were playing it the entire time I was there :) don't think that's something they do all the time. I think I just got lucky :) you can't really mess up wings tho unless you over cook them or under cook them. Didn't blow me away but I'll definitely be back.
4	Who doesn't like wings? I like this particular location because it's close to everything especially me lol. Dave your friendly neighborhood bartender is outgoing and friendly. we were just ordering some wings to go but ended up having a few brews n appetizers. Still ordered wings to go lol. cool place, lots of screens, friend staff and bomb wings!
2	Its a fine place.  If you think the Olive Garden is the best Italian than you'll think this place is the best for wings. Or, if you take comfort in the familiarity of chain restaurants than again its for you. But if you're actually looking for the best wings for the best cost try a local place like Chicken Shack or Born and Raised. If you're looking for beer again Go Local or a national chain that has a good happy hour prices and more to offer on tap. Finally for a sports place that tries to establish itself in the community they go out of their way to not show UNLV basketball again try local, especially a great place like born and raised... if you don't mind a little drive.
5	OK, I am writing this as a "converted" wing eater. I have never cared for wings but after eating here, I'm hooked! what can I say, the food and service were great! Servers are always available, yet they do not bug you. I'll be back.
2	Horrible service today! Not really a godd lunch place anymore as it seems things are taking long to come out of the kitchen. We asked our server for our check and obviously we are on lunch and she goes to take 2 more orders and disappears.
4	Attentive sever Kathleen...food severed prompt, fast & hot ;)....only one problem the booth was not clean. Please do not ask me if you should re-clean it when it was not clean in the first place. How can you re-clean something that was not clean from the start. Appreciate the managers gesture of offering chips & salsa.  Otherwise everything else was all good.
5	They give us free sample to taste their new sauce.  Wow I became fan on dry sauce.
5	awesome food with great service! I love this place! the only thing I think is a little annoying is when their "experience captains" come around, Im just trying to enjoy my food and conversations! Other than that everything is wonderful!!
5	Can't never go wrong with bdubs! Just that now that I go I tend to order something other than wings! Anyhow must try their blue cheese burger! It's delish! And it's a big portion as well. I did however order Thai curry sauce on the side! ( love that sauce)
2	You can't go wrong with BWW food. The service in the bar area after 10pm is awful and slow. The bartenders pretend they don't see you and don't make eye contact. It took a solid five minutes before we were greeted and asked for our drink order. The bartender never checked on us after she have us our drinks. We had to get her attention to order food and get another round of drinks. Very disappointing since it's the BWW around, will definitely go to Millers Ale house across the street at night, because of the lack of service.
2	I do not know what it is with all of the restaurants on Mall Ring Circle in Henderson, but they all suck!   This is the third time I've been in this BW3, and it keeps getting worse.  My server today (at the bar) was nice enough, but it took 30 minutes to get one order of 8 traditional wings.  And then, they're going to charge me an extra 60 cents for some ranch to dip them in?!  They NEVER have enough staff.  The person I had today was friendly enough, but most of them in there, look like they work in the worst place on earth.  And God forbid you ask for a game on a certain TV (even when it's slow) and they act like it's a chore.  It's a shame, because the location on Warm Springs and Durango is great.  This location could definitely use a refresher course in customer service from them.  I am done with this location.  And I am done with ALL of the restaurants on Mall Ring Circle.
4	60 cent boneless wings Thursday!Our waitress was really nice and always checked up on us. I love getting mild because it's not too hot and not to plain. Pairing chicken with celery and ranch as well as french fries is always a great combination.I like this buffalo wild wings because it's in a good area near the mall.
1	These people get zero stars... I think the only good thing was the wait was only 5 min... so here's the scoop. Was sat in 5 min (was happy) sat down asked about happy hour and the waitress says "oh we usually don't do that unless you ask us to" then my relatives (from germany) order beer and she asks for their ID. Mind you they are in their late 40s... they hand over the ID and the lady says... "oh sorry we can't take IDs from other countries" are you kidding??? This is Vegas! !! Most people out here aren't american!! Needless to say we left and I will never take anyone here again. On to the next one.
3	My favorite Bww in the valley. Friendly and cool. The food is alright.
2	I try enjoy their food, and their drinks are good as well. You should totally try their cherry mojito, it's great. Unfortunately, their service is awful. I went there with some friends tonight and the experience left a horrible taste in my mouth. Our server was impossible to understand, she kept talking to us in a combination of mumbling and slurring so we got about every fourth word. She took forever to do anything; one of my friends ordered a beer and it took 20 minutes. Our food took twice as long, the order was incomplete and we kept having to ask for the rest of it. It them took 15 minutes to get our check and to get a to go box. Overall, I think we'll try another spot for wings next time, bad service will always win over good food.
3	I give it 4stars but it gets a little crazy because they have so many TVS to watch the games on so if you have bets parlayed you can watch them all at once. Me and my hub went there today after first heading to sunset casino for football sunday. The casino was way to packed and we didnt want to stand. We headed to buffalo wild wings and there was one booth open staring right at us. lol We had previously had a large breakfast so we just ordered a snack of chips and salsa. The chips are nice and light, crunchy, & not super greasy. The salsa has a slight spice to it and chunky tomatoes. Perfect for us. Flavored lemonades are a yummy choice too but wash it down with water so you can cut the sugar intake. The downside was the irresponsible parents literally letting their ypung children run and roam through the restaurant freely! You cannot get so distracted from a game that you forget you are a parent and let your children disrupt other peoples space. One young girl continuosly came by our booth grabbing onto our table. Mind you I love kids but there Is a time and a place, and they were all up in our space. I though the establishment should have said something to the parents. Besides that the waiter was pleasant but asked us one too many times if we wanted to order more food. Apparently he didnt like pur small order of chips but it does get pretty loud in there. A bit too crowded with lots of tables close to eachother. Men and football is all ill say. Too much lol but it worked for the day.
5	My favorite BWW location!!! I always order Well wings, and extra wet.  I have been to other BWW, and this is the only location that gives you what you ask for! The cooks are always on point! Whether you dine in or order food to go, it is always perfect.
1	Went to this place for my boyfriend's b-day. The waitress was terrible she brought out flat soda, then disappeared we had to flag down other servers to get her for a refill, once she dropped the food off she disappeared again she knew it was my boyfriend's b-day because we showed her his ID October 3rd we waited another 15mins for them to sing happy birthday to him #NOTHING#. So wet went up to the register to pay because we never got our check because she never came back. AJ was very nice at the register, I even made up an excuse for her maybe she is smoking? AJ was very apologetic and the captain gave us a few snack coupons it was my first time there and my last!
1	I love Buffalo Wild Wings, but the customer service on this location sucks!!
2	I went there for the first time on yesterday to order out. I knew it was going to be busy since Sunday is football, but surprisingly I was able to order pretty fast. My order wasn't anything crazy just wings for myself and some friend also ordered fries and a kids meal. The amount came out to less then I was expecting. After ordering I sat and watched the game about 20 minutes later one of the employees told me the cook messed up the order and it would be another 3 minutes. About 10 minutes later my food came out and the manger came over to me. She apologized for the wait and gave me a $10 off coupon. I appreciated that she noticed but the time I waited wasn't the problem. I walked across the parking lot to my work with the food. I opened everything up and it was cold. So did they really messed up my order or was it just sitting there because everyone was busy?
1	Went there for lunch. Sat at table in the bar area. Waited more than 10 minutes for drink orders15 mins for menus25 mins for apps And 45 mins for wings After they brought the wrong order it took 10 mins for them to fix it. Worst part of all the place was empty. I'd hate to see how long you wait if they were busy. Customer service is terribleWings were terrible. Meanwhile I'm waiting for a refill and 4 managers were standing behind us laughing and talking about personal buisness and laughing extremely obnoxiously Never ever will I go to any Buffalo Wild Wings ever agin. Experience ruined it for me.
2	I'm here trying to get me some Tuesdays wings . Yet server is taking forever! I'm not exaggerating I promise! Lemondade tastes like pure sugar! but ask me if I had the chance to return . . . NO! why? Cause server hasn't come to our table. restaurant is busy.... but seriously it really take ages to bring me soda. If it wasn't for the actual taste of the wings and food. I would never return ! Aggggh so disappointed ! :((
5	Becca is the best! My husband and I used to go there a couple times a month to watch a baseball game and we would always sit in the bar and ask for Becca. Even when Becca wasn't at the bar we would sit in the main dining room just to have her serve us. Becca always knew our order by heart and was always so attentive to our needs with refilling our drinks and getting us in and out on our own time (depending on how our team was doing!). We recently moved to Ohio and visit the Buffalo Wild Wings here and we can't find anyone as awesome as Becca!
1	This place has mediocre service. Ive gone about 4 times to eat in and every time i have terrible service.. It takes so long just to get seated even when there are seats available, you wait forever at the counter area just so someone can help you. twice i had to wait over 5 min just for someone to help me. The worst part, they never have the sauces you want.. being a huge place that serves wings you should keep your sauces in stock. I always place a to go order now if i ever want wings. but twice ive called now and they dont have the sauces they are advertising on the tv. thats a little weird. ive been excited to try em., oh well as soon as the person on the phone said we are out of these 2 new sauces, i just cancelled my whole order.. its a little ridiculous if you cant even keep the sauces in that are being nationally advertised.
2	I never write reviews but this made me upset enough to write one. We arrived for a quick dinner but waited over 30 minutes for our order to get to us (which was two small orders of wings). Our waitress was horrible, she was late getting our order to the kitchen so two groups of people that were seated 5 and 10 minutes after us got their food before us. Then one of the wing flavors arrived wrong, I asked the order be cancelled. One of the managers arrived and said that our order would be cancelled (she did NOT offer any discount). I told the manager what happened and she said that food is served in the order it reaches the kitchen. That basically told me that our waitress slacked off. We asked our waitress to call the other manager over , she first stopped and talked to some of her coworkers never getting the manager. We had to get the other manager ourselves (AJ was his name) he was actually understanding and helpful. I like Buffalo Wild Wings but this experience has changed that.
1	My order was wrong three times yes three times!!! Never be back walk out not happy and never be back !!
2	Wings were good nice and spicy but a little overcooked and they only gave us 6 napkins for a table of 6 people not enough if u eating wings.  Ordered couple beers and they were not that cold. Waitresses had nice attitudes though
1	Lunch wasn't too busy so I can't say that was a valid excuse for bad service.  Got sat and ordered pretty quick.  Drinks came pretty fast too.  Appetizer never came and food took awhile for what we ordered.  Must have sat under the heat lamp in back for awhile because everything was dry.  I'm sorry but as a server you have 1 job.  Will never come back.
1	I can't even give this place one star it was the worst food and service I have had in Vegas. When we got there we asked for a booth and they said they didn't have any when there were two available.  We ordered 20 boneless wings and got 20 bone in wings. They let us keep them and the said it will be 10 min for our new wings to come out. 20 min later we received our wings with hardly any sauce on them ate maybe one and called it a day. Needless to say I will not return to Buffalo Wild Wings
