5	It's so hard to get into this place nowadays. However, if you manage to get in, this is THE after-party. Clubs in Las Vegas will come and go but this has been the place to be after wherever that ends up being closes.
5	Best after-party in Vegas-- Drai's rocks.  Sexy house music, sexy people, sexy decor and generous cocktails.  Love it!
2	supposedly the best after-hours spot on the strip. the line gets deep around 3 am, filled with those that have dilated pupils or livers the size of basketballs. reasonable lay out once the line is navigated and the elevator ascends to the venue.but what's with all the prostitutes?
5	Probably one of the nicest afterhours place i've been to for a long long time...not the biggest place but its not all dark and dirty like the other 100000 after hour places.. ..good music...cool vibe..cept not many people really get down on the dance flooor...when i went the ratio wasn't that great either.. oh..if your lucky..you'll get to see one of the nastiest dancer i've seen for a long ass time...he's got this james brown move..and he danced with micheal jackson from 92-95..hahaha i recommend it for sure.
4	I didn't even know they served food here. This is the place to "roll" on any late night. Everyone is out of their heads, and that might have to do with the lateness of the hour - most folks I know don't end up here until earliest 1am.It can get a little elitist at times, and sometimes too gropy, but then again isn't that what Vegas is all about?The lines can get ridiculous, so guys either be prepared to pay a heavy cover charge, or find and/or come with some hotties to help smooth/expedite your way in.
5	This place was so awsome! After hours the scene was cool, but not as pretentious as the mega clubs. We felt free to let loose and dance. The Mojitos were so strong, they were the perfect way to top off our nights alcohol poisoning, and so much cheaper than the bigger clubs. And hey, who doesn't love macaroni and cheese at 4am, to soap up a long nights fun.I think the guy complaining about hookers is just bitter he went home alone. We saw not a one.
3	Very cool after hours spot and people watching takes place with glee...swear we saw Osama dancing with his mama in there.
3	Good late night spot, but watch over your drinks - rumor is that they give out plastic lids because they have had problems in the past with drinks being "tampered with".
4	I love the setting at Drai's.  Also, the food is very goos and the after parties are so much fun.  The only downside is that you have to go through the low rent casino to get to the bar.  If your girl is wearing anything slutty, it is not a fun walk....
3	People either love it or hate it. Me, I just have fun wherever I am. Are there some wacked people? Of course, this is Vegas. Dre's has been known as one of the best after hours clubs for a ridiculously long time. And it's in the Barbary Coast. And it's a restaurant. But for drunken fun, does it really matter where you are?
4	This is the BEST after-party in LV.  Fantastic music, swanky lounge decor, and the best people watching.  To beat the enormous lines, go a little early, pay your dues, get stamped and leave.  Come back a little later and completely bypass the main line.  Nothing worse than standing in a line at 3AM.   Definitely worth the price of admission.
1	Okay, I live in LA, I havent gone to alot of afterhours but we are in vegas right?  Isnt vegas open 24hrs? So why is there a afterhours?  Out of all the people we talked to there were only 2 choices for afterhour clubs Drai's & Empire Ballroom, we decided to go to Drai's in barbary coast hotel.  First, it would have been $20 for myself & $30 for each of the guys I was with....THATS RIDICULOUS! People are smoking crack to be paying that kind of money to hang out somewhere from 4am-whenever...Luckily we namedropped & got comped or else this review would not be here.  The music was housey trance.  I was tryin to make lemonade out of lemons.  Crowd was mixed and pretty cool, just lookin for a good time, we got 3 drinks it was $32 dollars.  Thats wrong!  Overall, people please drop that amount of money on a craps table, at least you might get something back!
4	Ok, not only is this place an amazing night club but it is the VERY BEST RESTAURANT IN ALL OF LAS VEGAS!!!  I had the 7 hour cooked lamb and it was the juiciest, tastiest and richest tasting meal I have ever had.  I could have had 8 portions.  Great food.Great atmosphere. Sexy and Stylish.Great service.Now this is going to sound nuts, but here is why I didn't give it 5 stars.  The beer selection is HORRIBLE!  HORRIBLE! I believe that a great 5 star restaurant has a good drink/wine list.  The best beer was not good.  I was having red meat and red wine makes me sick, so I wanted beer. I got some crappy beer.  I could have gotten a better beer at a sleezy bar downtown.  I was very unhappy and the waiter didn't give a damn.  That was irritating.
4	I REALLY liked this hot spot for after hours. Some people we met at Tryst introduced it to us and got us in ASAP. The line had approx 30 people waiting on it... at 4 am! Good thing for their recommendation or else we would've never looked twice at the hotel that it's located in. Small, cozy, good music, attractive crowd. It did have sex appeal and was my second favorite place to Tryst. The crowd was similar. I enjoyed the one room with the couches and the fire place.
3	I suffered a major disappointment my first evening in Las Vegas.  Drai's no longer serves food.  I was led on all evening by stories of the delicious mac-n-cheese.  Having determinedly shaken my booty all evening to justify the caloric intake, it was a devastating surprise to discover my friend's favorite after-hours club no longer served the tasty treat.  In the showdown between smoking and food --- food lost.Drai's made up for the disappointment with a decidedly lush bordello-style interior, friendly bouncers, nice bartenders, strong mojitos AND free seats in which to rest my overworked feet.  It certainly helped that we were handed free entry coupons as we left the cab --- 'no cover' are two of the best words to hear together at a club.  The music was more trippy/trancy than anything else, but that was perfect for the time of night.  The sparse crowd (we were there early for an after-hours club --- 2am) ran heavily to wannabe Euro-gigolos in big bug-eyed sunglasses but started to fill later with a cross section of late-night dwellers.  It seemed like the kind of place where anything goes and nobody really cares.  That's not quite as good as mac-n-cheese at 3am, but it comes close.
3	my second time here at drai's last weekend and i was quite disappointed. the crowd and music sucked. everything was way too expensive and at least i had my fair share of taking turns throwing up in the restroom before heading back to the hotel at 5am. AHAHAHA  good thing they had restroom valet!
4	fabulous, fabulous. GREAT dance club! They do serve food, during dinner hours, then turn the restaurant into this great dance club! 2 rooms with 2 different style music and the good thing is you can't hear the other rooms music!we got here at 2 and it didn't even start picking up until 4 or so! Fantastic after hours club!great dj!
3	I didn't know that Drai's no longer serves food, but I don't find that to be too much of a loss.  Though admittedly I'm not really a big fan of seafood, I didn't like my lobster at Drai's -- even the overwhelming amount of butter could not hide the fishy taste.  Blech.HOWEVER -- Drai's has one of the most tantalizing club atmospheres of any place I've ever been.  Outrageously bold with red, black, and zebra print, it is Las Vegas flair combined with all the appeal of an imagined 1920's saloon.Great music, but really, really, obnoxiously expensive drinks.  Come here late night, when you're already drunk.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Ahhh, one of my all time favorites.  Not too crowded, the music is always awesome and the crowd is very friendly.  Probably because half of them are cracked out. o_O
3	I end up here every time I'm in vegas.  Granted most of the people here are on drugs and in their whole own world, but if you are drunk and you just want to keep dancing at after hours, it is a lot of fun.  On another note, I've never paid to get in here - - and I probably would skip it if I had to.
5	after i met a guy who worked at caesars, he got me into drai's for his friend's birthday party!!  this club is pretty sweet and located downstairs of bill's hotel and casino.  the table service was nice and the cocktail waitresses were friendly and kept coming around with more booze!!  it's pretty big inside and there are 2 rooms of music!  i noticed that it was a bunch of pretty people and got really crowded but hey, it's an after hours club!!  there are lots of places to sit and relax at or dance your little heart out!!  check out this club if you want to keep on partying while in vegas!!
5	I'm going to level with you - if I actually came to Drai's even remotely sober  or before 3:00 am I don't know if I would actually like it. But since, happily, neither of this things have ever been the case, I've always had a blast. The club itself is kind of old and dilapidated, much like the hotel it's in, but  they play great music and it's the place to be late night.
4	This place was pretty good- I love being able to go out so late!!!  It's the place to be in Vegas late at night.  The bizarre setup with that strange walkway in the middle splitting the place up is the only thing that prevents it from 5 stars.  I'd definitely recommend this to anyone looking for anything to do after 4 AM.  FANTASTIC DJ too
5	Only after hours place I have been to where I didn't feel like I was a tweaker.  I'm not but you know you walk into some places [endup in sf] and you are like "um yeah guys, I am gonna go".  Okay so the B. Coast totally makes me feel like I should be rocking a gold pinky ring, but once you get into drais it's totally hott.  Its dark with red and animal print furniture [if i remember right] there is a room with house and another with hip hop. pretty chill.  had a great time in vegas...I will be back soon...I can never stay away for too long.
4	this is the only place ive been to in vegas for an after-party after the club. i heard alot of things about this place but once inside it did feel kind of weird but that was for like a minute. it was impossible to get in for about 12 guys and 8 girls so we had to slip the bouncers some cash. money talks in vegas. lol. anyways, this place reminds me of like an orgy spot due to the red lighting but its fun. a must visit after party spot in sin city.
4	Free tickets skattered on the strip, electro/house music in one room, hip-hop in other, casual/dressy, lots of dance space, friendly people.  Good fun for free.
1	WTF?!!  $30 on a Thursday night before midnight?!  hahahahahha  No f'in way.
2	Go for a lowerkey Las Vegas club experience (i.e. the staying up till 7am at a bar?!?). But they put plastic tops on the mixed drinks???? Cause of skeezee roofie guys? WTF?
5	Drais is THE afterhours place to go and kick it.  Great music, great decor and the people are always sexy! It can be a little tricky to get in during the peak season, but a little booty shake and a little flirtation goes a loooong way. Otherwise, have your man (or if you are the man) hit up the doorman, and give him a Franklin handshake..that always does the trick as well.  Bottle Service is the way to go here, otherwise there's really no places to sit and chill out.
4	I can't believe it costs $750 for 1 bottle of Ketel One!  Good lord that's a lot of money!At least we got in...  (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pure-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:uXIgfKakhap7_4fJPdA-zg)
4	After a long party night in Vegas, Drai's is the place where I always seem to end up, no matter who I'm with or what time of year it is.  Deep underneath the cheesy casino formerly known as Barbary Coast, it's one of the better places to not watch the sun rise.  Favorite things?  Variety of rooms, good attitude of the staff, casual party people, happy beautiful women.
4	5 stars b/c they're open sooooooooooo late minus 1 star b/c I felt like I was at a rave the entire time. Not b/c of the music, b/c I actually enjoy house, but b/c everyone there was totally on something and kind of creepy/buggy at like 6 in the morning.At first, I was a little apprehensive about going in b/c it's inside Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon - although it's on the strip, it looked a little bit outdated and questionable to me since I'm no local. However, after walking down the rickety stairs and into Drai's, I was pleasantly surprised by the ambiance, decor, and beautiful people that frequented this spot.We arrived fairly early (4am...haha) so we were able to grab a table in the corner...our cocktail waitress was totally on top of it and returned every 20 minutes or so to take more drink orders - fabulous!The only thing I hated about Drai's was that it's like a time warp in there. You have absolutely no idea what time it is until you decide you've had enough and walk out the doors...and the sun is already in place, blazing away. That sort of makes me feel like an asshole...even in Vegas! But that's no fault of Drai's, it just means that they know how to throw a good party! Haha but overall, had a ton of fun here, even had some great conversations, despite the noise level, and definitely will be going back.
4	Couldv'e sworn I wrote a review for Drai's before... guess not. Anyways, I went on a Saturday (or Sunday... can't remember). It was after hours and so hot. Music was great. Crowd was good. Definitely a fun place!
4	this is the perfect after 4am spot to keep you going until 8 in da morning! the decor of drai's has a really intimate vibe with everything being red! of the times i've been there, it hasn't been overly crowded, but still has a decent amount of people. the music is good and but the service is only ok. the waitress kept forgetting our drinks, which is frustrating when you're pulling the "drunk all nighter". then she tried to charge us for drinks she never even served us. booooooooverall, good music + good vibes = good late night times! HAZAH!
4	Came here after Tao... So they have a vip line and regular... and this group of mainly girls and a few guys took us in with them and we cut in front of everyone that was waiting... we didn't have to pay shit because thats how we roll... haha.. anyways... some guys buys us bottle service kettle one not really to much of my choice but it was free... Partied with Suge Knights which was kind of weird... lol.. the dj skipped a few beats.. but ya... i was kinda iffy on partying til 630am... but heck... i was warned this place was kind of a crackhead etard place... no wonder they stay up late... but i liked it... BUT NO DAMN RECEPTION FOR YOUR CELL PHONE IF YOUR TRYING TO FIND YOUR FRIENDS.. MINUS 1 STAR!
4	Headed to Drai's afterhours after Tryst on a Friday night.  Ten ladies + the bride-to-be (two other girls from our crew called it a night) were escorted to Drai's in a stretch limo, courtesy of a bouncer from Tyrst who might have been smitten with one of my friends.  :)Drai's is apparently THE afterhours party in Vegas.  I'm surprised it's lasted this long, it's been known as "the" afterhours venue for years now - well over a decade.  I figured the crowd would be cheesy, nasty, gross and out way past their bedtime but, I was pleasantly surprised.  Drai's is dark, mysterious, dim and laid-back.  As Brendan R. said, it was like walking into a speakeasy.  Kind of reminded me of Harlot in San Francisco.  There are at least two rooms - hip-hop in one, house in the other - and plenty of plush seating.  Drai's was a nice change of pace and scenery after Tryst - it was not as intense, a nicer "breather" after dancing for 4 hours straight.  The bouncer let us right in because we were a party of eleven girls but, I'm surprised there was even a line or a wait at 3am.  I'd definitely recommend Drai's after a "party like a rock star" evening.  Cozy venue, good music and a chill crowd.
2	My impression of Drai's has been clouded by time and a steady alcoholic haze. Slow but friendly service. My waiter hated my date (I came to agree with him about this). I remember liking the frog legs. Charming little dish. I remember being giggled at by some wanna be MILFs in the next booth because my paisley shirt blended in with the upholstery. Evil crones.
4	my friends and i have been wanting to come here for many years and after reading and hearing all the great things about this place, i decided i was going to make it to this place on this trip to vegas.a group of us girls with the bachelorette loudly and obnoxiously arrived in a limo, walking through the casino around 3 or 4am, bypassed a huge line of MEN outside the club waiting to get in. we walked right up to the front of the line as if we were celebrities, called over the host and as soon as he realized we had a bachelorette in our group, he waved us right through! and some loser had the nerve to ask if he can "tag along" psssst! anyway, we had a great time here! they played mostly house music which was just fine with us since we were pretty drunk and having a great time anyway. i just felt like i was at a rave with all the light dances we saw within our group and the people around us.some bartenders were nice and hooked us up but there was one bartender, he was a total jerk. and thats why he got a big fat ZERO for a tip!no cover, free drinks, great club, fun times!
5	Simply the best. I ll give 6 stars if I could. I had the best nights at Drai's... Great music, great people. The best afterhours in Vegas, hands downAh... nothing like leaving a club at 7:00 am to hit an other one and walk around the strip ;)
4	i came here a few years ago. i don't remember anything that happened there. that's good, right?i just flashback to loud music, an open dance floor, darkness, and energy.
5	I will always love Drai's.  I've been going here since 2001, and each and every time it never lets me down.  We headed over here for after hours after Body English.  There wasn't really much of a crowd, considering we went here fairly early for afterhours, but the music is awesome.  I love every single thing they play and this place has a ultra sexy vibe to it.  I will never say "no" to going here. Again.....I love Drai's.
3	had to have a late nighter at drai's over the weekend and was pretty bummed out. i guess all the times i had ever been to drai's i had hit it on slower nights... or this was just a crazy night?! but my girl said it was always that crowded. :-/ boooi still like drai's but it was sooooo crowded on early sunday morning that i could hardly move. it was waaaaay too hot in there too and i kept getting pushed by ghetto b's with absolutely no manners. :( i was also fairly exhausted with it being 530am, that all i wanted to do was sit and dance in a seat. that was sooo not happening because i hardly had room to stand where i was. thankfully we didn't stay too terribly long. better luck next time! :p
5	Drai's is by FAR the best after hours in the city. The cover can be quite on the expensive side, so your best bet is to introduce yourself to one of the bouncers early in the evening before you head out and let him know that you'll be back later with a few friends. The back bar is quite elegant and the theme is very dark and sexy, making Drai's a perfect recipe for promiscuity....Have Fun!
4	For the record, let me say that I was completely blacked out the entire time I was here.I came here after a cruisazy night at Tryst this past Sunday.  My only recollections include dancing with a guy with a soul patch (hottttt) and the pictures taken there kind of have to fill in my memory gaps.Also, if this is where I met the deep-voiced Brian who called me the next day and left me a voicemail...um, hey, man!  What's up?I stayed till six, had an awesome time, un-blacked out, and went off to TI to play $5 Blackjack for a few hours.  I can say that I had a great time, and that's what's important.Finally, my name really isn't Suri Cruise, despite what I told my fellow Drai's patrons.  (Hey, the bigger the lie, the more likely people are to believe it!)
1	WHAAACCKKK!It's Friday night and the bf & I got back to our room too late to get ready and out to a regular club on the strip.  Soooo, we ended up at Drai's around 2am.  Paid $20 for me and $30 for the bf to get in.  We walk in and they're playing crazy techno trance music...whatever the hell it's called.  We go over to the bar and order a couple of drinks. Damn...$16 each + tip!?  "Okay, okay...it's Vegas," I thought in my head.We stood around in the hall overlooking the dancefloor.  There were only about 10 people dancing that all looked like they tweekin' at some rave.  All they were missing were some glowsticks, pacifiers, and beads! lolI ask the bouncer if they are going to play some hip hop later or something and he tells me the hip hop room is in the back.  I motion to my bf to come with me over there.  Then, the bouncer tell me the hip hop room is free for ladies, but guys can only be in there if they're VIP (meaning BOTTLE SERVICE ONLY)  How retarded is that!?We're not going to pay an extra $300+ just to go into another room to listen/dance to hip hop music!!!!!!!!!!  $85 down the drain to spend an hour gawking at some tweekers and listening to what it seemed like the same song on continuous play...I again say WHAAACCKKK!(Also, I wish I could give this dumbass place ZERO stars!)
5	Beautiful, sexy, red interior makes you feel like a pimp.  Sexy music too.The real reason this gets 5 stars is my experience here, however.I stumbled in late at night while my comrad continued to LOSE at poker upstairs. Inbetween my new guy friends, we simultaneously looked at the bar and happened to see ANDY EFFING DICK falling over on himself. So we screamed "Andy! Andy! Come sit with us!"To our surprise, he did. The boys started screaming hilarious stuff like,"Andy! I loved your work in Blond Ambition. Would you ever consider being on The Wire?""What's The Wire?""A Show on HBO""Oh. Sure.""How are you?""Ask me seriously.""How are you?""I used to say I've been better, now I say I'm six feet above ground.""What are you doing here?""Money.""How does it feel to know that four of these guys want to be on your cock right now?""Pretty good, I guess."Moments later, a fat girl came running over. "OMG! Andy! Andy!" It's my bachelorette party! Will you take off your underwear and give them to me?"To which he doesn't reply, but merely sticks his hand down the front of his pants and within two minutes has managed to rip his underwear so that it appears to mimick the scene in Zoolander where Hansel wins the Walk Off. Andy triumphantly holds his underpants over his head with both hands, and the fat girl squeals,"Can I have them? Please?"And then she grabs them and wears them as a necklace.Classic.
3	upside: music was off the hook!!!!!!! (hip hop room of course)the place was nice!!! it was open till 8 amdownside: it was 20 for women and 30 for men and you didn't get in till LATE LATE unless you were buying a table or a REALLY fake girl with tits to your chin.   this means that most of the people that are in there are FAKE as fuck!!
4	I Always hit this place for after hours in Las Vegas.   Still going strong after many years.     Good music, stiffly poured drinks, and 'cool' peeps.  It's pricey, but I definitely recommend getting a table.  This way, you will be able to access both dance rooms (hip hop & house), take a break and have a place to sit after getting busy, and meet new and interesting 'party' people.     Once again, it gets expensive.....but hey, you came to Las Vegas to blow your money and leave with a smile on your face!
1	A bunch of friends and I went here after watching a show. Luckily my friend got us on the "list" ,even being on the "list" we waited a long time to get into drai's. The music was nuts! The negative, the Prices and they were definitely pushing the firecode occupancy...oh yeah not to mention the HOOCHIES everywhere. What happened to class?
3	I would LOVE to honestly review this place with a clear mind, but every time I come here I am at my most inebriated state with whatever substance I happen to be on at the time...BUT from what I remember, this place gets packed at the wee hours of the early morning! I guess the afterhours business in Vegas is as solid as any regular club out there. The place itself is pretty small and dark. Kind of like a rat hole for party revelers to hide in right before the sun rises. The music is LOUD and you get to pick from hip-hop or house music only. The crowd is very diverse. I've been known to spot midgets, female bodybuilders, and 90 yr. old ravers up in this place....then again, I'm pretty f*cked up at the time, so who knows if they were really there or just in my head. But from what I remember, it's a pretty chill vibe in there. Drinks are kinda pricey, as well as the cover charge. But if you're not ready to call it a night just yet, this is a good place to drop in and party on til the break of dawn!
4	This place does not go off until probaly around 3am. Crowd is decent, with awesome dance music. And a very friendly crowd. HA!! Probaly would have to agree with some on here, bottle service is the way to go. Gives you the freedom to move around from tables to the dance floor. Bottles are normal price like most clubs and drinks are a bit steep. "What the hell" as I always say, party up in vegas, you can always win it back at the table. HA!!Overall : This place is the shit! Stop on by, if your still up!
5	Drais is by far the best place for afterhours in Vegas.  The ghetto ass shady afterhours we have available to us in San Francisco really makes me appreciate the luxurious afterhours party that Drais provides.  It can be kind of tough to get in, and guys will have to pay cover unless they have hookups.  I am grateful of the fact that I know a few of the employees here so I usually never have a problem, but if you're rolling up anywhere between 3am-5am, be prepared for a short wait.The best thing about Drais by far is how they have a hip hop room as well as a house room.  This is GENIUS!  One of the things I dislike about afterhours is the house music I am usually forced to endure- and it's not like there are many options when it comes to afterhours.  At Drais I can party to the music I like!  I like to roam around the club to make fun of the house music people dancing when I get bored as well, so that provides for some additional entertainment.  Much better than Empire Ballroom- Drais has class and luxury...something that most afterhours spots do not provide.  It makes me feel slightly better about partying until 8am when I know I shouldn't be....hey, at least we're not in some warehouse being served low grade alcohol in plastic cups!  Yes, that is what we're dealing with in SF, people.
5	http://i24.photobucket.com/albums/c21/djbigdee/sexy1.jpgyeah, that link, ladies, you'll wanna click it. cause thats the first thing i saw when i walked into this joint and he was mighty handsome! ::singin:: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9li1w2sMyE ..... bwahahaha!Now for my general review of this CRACKIN'-POPPIN OFF KINDA JOINT, this place was HELLA fun for an after hours in vegas!So I walk in, it's about 2:30 am or so, looks like a completely different place in comparison to the old run down Bills Casino that it is inside of.  but the vibe is cool, bartenders= hella cool/ friendly, stiff drinks and a good vibe in general. I wasn't feeling the house room, but when i worked my way to the small back room which was spinning hip hop, i knew i was home.  from the moment i walked in, i danced, my cousin danced, we shook our bumps and had a blast, even shook my tail feather to some Dead Prez, now that was nice... i came on a good night since theres a dj battle every[in this case, one selecta from the bay and the other was a vegas local in the image above] Thursday night apparently. the ventilation was good, no sweating profusely at this spot, they definitely keep the air chilled. i would've stayed later than 5:30 am but the cousin's feet were hurtin' so u know how that goes. nonetheless, we had a really dope time.come in with an open mind, good people, and a few drinks....and you'll leave with a smile, Drais will be a regular spot for me to visit every time I'm in Vegas.now, go on, get yo boogie on!
5	from what i remember on my trip to vegas last week, this place is crraacckkin. strong drinks, friendly people, classy decor, two rooms (house and hip hop) made partying 'till the crack of dawn a little easier.i think we hit this place up two nights in a row?i honestly don't remember.=]
5	Easily my favorite club in Vegas, so far. It's not that I don't enjoy other LV clubs, it's just that Drais has a feeling of exclusivity to it; it's not overrun with crazy audio visuals, pryotechnics, acrobats and waterfalls and the DJs play something other than shitty US Top 40 Gwen Stefani-Fergie-Akon-Chris Brown mashups. Drais has sexy ambiance, erotic artwork, banging house music, tropical foliage and all the hardcore truly nocturnal Vegas partiers in one club. Totally my scene.After half of our party was exhausted after back to back activities from about 6pm going from the Vodka Vault at Red Square in Mandalay Bay, to Ghostbar, Moon and Playboy at the Palms, then to have a pig out session at Fat Burger on the strip, two out of the four girls then wanted to go to bed.... just after 12am! WTF?! I STAY UP LATER THAN THIS AT HOME ON A SCHOOL NIGHT! Unsympathetic, I told them, FUCK THAT I'M GOING TO DRAIS. And they have no idea what they missed.So my only nocturnal friend and I began the trek up to a casino so we could take a taxi to Drais; we had no idea its location. So, we walk, see some shirtless dancing man on drugs dancing and the cops just looking at him, right next to some outside karaoke bar. Only momentarily distracted, we continue on. Well, no taxi station at Planet Hollywood in sight, so we continue and end up at Paris, hop in a cab, and it turns out Drais was only another blocks walking distance at Bill's Gambling Hall. Eureka, we have found it!Tipsy and angsty, we quickly go to the bathroom to freshen up before heading downstairs to the club. One of the bathroom attendants, an older lady, said to my friend and I, "well don't you ladies look nice tonight, you must be going to Drais", and we replied "aw, thanks, yes, we're celebrating our 21st birthdays and, well the other two birthday girls went to bed early", and she said "well have yourself a good time, and take these two tickets to get in Drais for free". This was a good omen; our night that was almost foiled by two party poopers (and frugal ones at that) just got better, by tenfold.Just across the casino we see the sign and a staircase, so we descend into Drais. This was a Saturday and there was no line; we must've been there around 1am and the whole entry process took no more than 5 minutes. Drais is dark and sultry, with plants, paintings of naked women, and lush upholstery. There are two rooms, but we only had access to one because I think the other was for either a private party or just an VIP room, but that room was hiphop and the main room was house music. I believe there was a $50 minimum credit card tab at the bar, but that's easy to clear with two people. We danced the AM hours away until our feet couldn't take it any longer. Drais was the perfect cure for sheer and utter disappointment from our crybaby friends, who claimed they wanted to go to Sin City so bad to escape from it all and party like rockstars. Well, my friend and I partied enough for all four of us. I can't wait to visit again, and next time we're getting bottle service for sure.LOVED IT.
4	I've always tried to stay up to make it to this after-hours club.  Once I even set up my alarm clock but that failed too..hah!  So when I finally got the chance to visit Drai's, I was really excited.  They have two music rooms (or three?): house music and hip-hop.  I never thought I was a fan of house music until I had a couple drinks and I was good to go.  The red walls and dim lights make the club seem ultra exclusive.  A down side, I noticed you had to open a $50 tab if you're using your credit card.  It's pretty steep but then again, it's Vegas!
4	I'm in Vegas way too much but I'm usually ready to call it quits at the clubs around 3 or 4. I've known about the after hours at Drai's but never went there. Two weeks ago we're at Rok and one of my friends wanted to go to Drai's. Rok was okay but the crowd seemed pretty casual and the girls and I were dressed pretty nice so they wanted to head to Drai's. My friend had been there before and she said it was good so off we go. We get to Bill's Gambling Hall and Saloon and the girls hit the bathroom. I go and checkout the line. Okay..nice. It's a rope, not a line. People are waiting, mostly guys and they let a few couples in. Some guys next to me were trying to throw names around but the bouncer wasn't going for it. I told the bouncer I was with 3 girls and just then they walked up and he let us right in. Yeah I know it was the girls...haha but I hate waiting. Darn..I thought we were home free but we still had to pay cover. 30 bucks for myself and 20 bucks each for the girls. Nice crowd with a nice cool vibe type atmosphere. I always imagined this place as tiny and crowded but it wasn't and I liked it a lot. It was roomy and cozy if you can figure that one out. Well, after a few drinks one of the girls wasn't feeling that good so we decided to head out and it was a little after 5 anyways.I tried to close my tab out but the bartender wanted my thumb print. I said "no, I'm"m not giving you my thumb print." She said it's required but I refused and she went running to the bar manager or somebody and he just shrugged and said something to her. She came back and let me just sign my tab without a thumb print but she was pissed so I spit on her. Okay...I didn't spit on her but I must have been the first one to get away with it from her look. She had a look like somebody just beat her at her best event and she wanted a rematch. I wasn't mad or wanted to get her mad but you're not getting my prints unless you cuff me first. I guess next time I'll just pay cash. I will go back. I really liked it.
3	You gotta give this place credit.  There was a line to get in when we left at 6 am.  A line of people waiting to pay good money to enter a shady cave of a place that I imagine looks and smells like the coal room of the Titanic (you know, where Kate Winslet danced with the poors), that plays an unrelenting stream of techno, in which every guy you see is carrying a candy bag of secrets, some of the viral variety.  I'll say my entrance fee was well spent as I witnessed a gyrating midget approach multiple women and dance up on them while fiddling with his T-shirt to show off his wee little 6-pack.  I can only hope to see that once more before I die.
5	I had the best night there, great music great place to go after hours or not. Drai's is kinda like a hidden gem. The crowd was happening and it was a mix crowd, that is the way I like it.
2	i got to vegas one night at 1:30 am and was ready to party... thing is most clubs are already hitting their peak and i was just getting started so me and my group ended up at drai's... there was no line just a mass of people trying to get in... AT 2:30 IN THE MORNING!! we didnt feel like waiting so we paid off the bouncer $20 each plus another $20 to actual get into the club. Honestly from what i remember (i was getting my goose on) the place looked like a typical hollywood club. nothing special nothing terrible just blah... but for $40 i expected more. if you can get in for free or not have to bribe to get in front then i guess go if you wanna stay up late as hell and see the sun come up. but for me, next time ill just play poker and make money. know what im saying? gone.....
4	Coming from the LA underground scene, its difficult to impress me with cheesy techno. If this club were in LA I'd probably give it a lower rating based on the music. But since there's so little techno in Vegas, I'm lowering the bar...LOCATION: 1 pointI love Drai's interior - plush, red & velvety Art Deco style. There's a 1920s speakeasy feel when you go down into the basement, then you're hit by the decadent flapper-era decor inside.SOUND: 1 point (out of 2)The Hip Hop room is really happening, and is packed to show it!But the house room is sadly lacking.* I have some advice for the promoters/djs at Drais: House music has long since evolved from this "club anthem" sound. There is now a variety of sub-genres, such as Tech House, Breakbeats, Trip Hop, Dub Step, etc. Check out some underground parties in LA or San Franny for inspiration, or let me know & I'll refer you to killer djs who are guaranteed to pack your "House" room as tightly as the Hip Hop section!CROWD: 1 point.Nicely mixed crowd and some very good dancers. I was especially enjoying the B-boy battle in the Hip Hop room, until the party-pooper bouncer put an end to it ( a regular told me that security at Drai's are harder on B-boys after someone broke their neck here while doing a head spin ).SERVICE: 1 pointWe had no problems getting in, and all the staff and bartenders were nice. Drinks were poured strong and generous.SUMMARY: I'll certainly be back, and hope that Drai's House music selection moves out of the 1990's and  joins the 21st Century so I can give this joint  5 stars!
4	Got out of Tryst at like 3 and convinced the gurls to keep the party going and headed to Drais. Must say that I am glad that we did!! Fat line to get in so once again we worked our magic and within 5 mins got through the door.  There was a 20 dollar cover so we marched back upstairs, talked to one of the promoters and got in for free.  Love how there are signs ALL over the place warning about getting caught with drugs in there.  Cracks me up!  Ended up meeting some famous ppl in there (I bet you'd like to know who ;)... took some shots with them and just had a blast til 6 in the morning... glad we decided not to call the night quits and headed over here!
5	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas!  I sort of have a routine - I arrive in Vegas on Friday around midnight.  I give my bag to some hotel checker, hit up Bill's for the cheapest craps, and wait for Drai's to open up around 2am.  As soon as Drai's opens, I get my stamp, and go back to gambling, because Drai's gets good at about 3-4am when all the true fuckups and drunks roll in (including me).  If it weren't for Drai's, I'd actually have to get a hotel room for my first night in Vegas.
5	THE place to keep the party going! the crowd is truly unique and a mixture of all kinds of people. you've got your major druggies, house/techno music lovers, complete drunks, and dancing little people (yeah you heard me)! so what if it's shady and ghetto at times? I just want to dance til 7 in the morning! some of my best vegas memories are at this joint. gotta love drai's!getting in can be kind of a nightmare if you're in a mixed group. much easier and CHEAPER (free) if you're with all girls. boys, don't come here without some dough in your pocket. this place is dead before 3 am. so it's best to roll in when you are done with whatever night club you've decided to go to that night.
4	It's no surprise to me that I forgot to write a review about one of my favorite after hours joints. 1.  I never have any recollection from the moment the elevator doors shut till one of my friends pulls my face off the table and tells me it's time to go.2. Somebody always slips something in my drink and usually that somebody's me.3. I leave the hotel with a pair of hot new stiletto's, I return with 1 and the heal's usually broken along with my ankle.4. The pictures on my camera leave me with questions, Who's that? When was that? Where was that? WHY did I do that?5. I thought I was staying at Mandalay Bay, Why am I at the MGM?Fun place, start your night off with a minderaser.In a collins glass filled with ice1 & 1/2 ounces Kahlua1 & 1/2 ounces Vodka ( I like Vanilla Stoli or Vanilla Absolute or Grey Goose)fill w/ sodaSuck it down through a straw like a shot. D-licious.
4	Drai's after hours, finally.It has been 8 days since our memorable bachelor getaway to Las Vegas. I can honestly say, after experiencing another "time of our life" jumpoff at the new XS nightclub (Encore), a few of us proceeded to make our way to Drai's after hours with a few friends. As expected, a large crowd had gathered at the entrance and it all came down to who you were with and how much you were willing to spend on the next bottle or two. We ended up with a booth in the house room and the vibe was exactly how I imagined it. Intimate with a shot of adrenaline....the way I like it! There were the obvious house music lovers then I was told of a hiphop room which was an extra $20 or 30 to get in!?!?! (minus one star for that BS).  Once we had settled in, it was time to hit the dance floor! Nothing like a house showcase or battle to start things off.  It was insane :)  We hung out until the early or late hours of the morning (next day).  It was definitely past 7am since we felt like vampires when the sun smacked us in the face but was it worth it? Damn right it was.If you're seeking an after hours joint, Drai's is the place!
4	This is like the after hours hotspot on the strip (unless you want strip clubs?)....  I seem to always end up at this place, cracked out from all that redbull and go0se at 5 a.m. and still drinking more... lolz.  Its a really nice place to go too, seems more laid back here compared to the club because its just people mingling and dancing.
4	Drai's is THE best after hours spot in Vegas. I always make it a point to visit every time I am in town. The drinks are a little price but hey, it's Vegas what can you expect. The biggest difference in my last few visits is that they made the hip hop room VIP (meaning if your a guy you have to buy a bottle to listen to hip hop). Otherwise it is a great spot with a good crowd considering it will be around 5am when you get there.  p.s. I met Mike Tyson partying there on my last visit
4	Afterparty @ Drai's is always a great place to be if you're still antsy & want to party/drink more till the wee hours of the morning.  Came here with my gal pals this past weekend (great Friday night/Saturday Morning kickoff to our Vegas Trip).  Music was bumpin, drinks were reasonably priced and the people there were so "HAPPY."For us girls, getting in was like walk in the park (i'm sorry i can't say the same for the gentlmens ~ sorry guys!)  We still had to pay $20 to go in, but i think it's well worth it for the great house/electronic music they play inside.The only downside is...it's tight/close corridors and some areas do not have enough air circulating through so it REALLY makes you feel like you're in a basement.Besides that, the ambiance & decor gives the place a real nice flare.  Drai's will definitely be a stop I'd make when I still want to party from 4am-12pm.  Bring it on!!
1	This place sucks ... don't come here.It gets too crowded.  You won't ever want to come back.  I mean why in the world would you want to go out still after spending a grip of money at another club then come here to spend more?The music sucks and I can't believe there are people dancing til almost 8 in the morning.  I mean who wants to see strippers come in after working and then spending the money they made here on more alcohol.I guess I'll give you reasons why I didn't like this place at all ... I came with a group of guys ... never againI came before 4amI saw too many strippers hereI really hate the music they play hereInterior in Drai's is .... well just check out the websiteIn case you haven't figured it out yet ... just take everything and make it completely opposite.  The 1 star rating is really a 5 star rating.  I don't hate this place, I really like it I just don't want too many people knowing about it because the line to get in is insane.  I didn't come with a group of guys because mostly everyone else wanted to go back to the room.  But if you are coming with guys though, just separate and come in one at a time, you have a way better chance to get in, don't worry ... you'll see your friends inside once they eventually get in.The only thing that wasn't opposite was the amount of strippers that come here.  It must be the music ... that's what gets me coming back.  Where else can you say don't come before 4a?For me, coming to Drai's would be like going to the gym.  You're tired, you don't feel like going.  But once you get there, you forget about all that other shit and you feel great.  Not to mention all the people watching that you'll enjoy while burning calories.But there ain't ever a line at the gym like there is at Drai's.I guess I should tell you it's at the Barbary Coast ... yeah, Barbary Coast.
4	Agenda:  Baby Sis' 21st birthdayCompany:  9 beautiful ladiesDrink of Choice: 6 glasses of Adios Mutha Fucka!!!!! Boy was I gone mutha fucka.  We left the club in broad daylight at 6:30 am.  We arrived on a Thursday night and it was not jammed packed - thank goodness.  They even gave us a table with no charge with a very charming attendant and bartender who even c-walked for us.  Hip Hop room had a stripper pole - even better.We were the life of the party that night and when the DJ found out we were from the BAY AREA, they played all of our JAMS.  "Ghost ride the whip, now dip, dip"  FEEEEEEEL MEEEEEEEE.  We danced all night.  I truly don't remember how I got back to the hotel, took off all my jewelry (didn't lose it), took off my contacts, and changed into my jammies.  This is a stretch for my 30 year old ass.  I was having a bit of a phobia thinking I couldn't hang with the young-ins.  I gotta tell you - 30 is the new 20.  *wink*Cool ass spot, I'll be back.
3	I came here when it first opened & got in w. no lines nor problems & got a complementary kamakazi...the place is ok & after that drinks are about $15 for 6oz of mix rather than booze....came back again at around 4 am for Plottie's bday the first night in Vegas & it was lame ....trying to get in without having to wait in line worked ok but then going down the stairs & having the bouncer still try to charge you $20 umm no deal.. after the guy said he would let us in for free... I guess they werent makinhg much money , but this is only a place to go to after all the club hopping & boozing to dance for another 20 minutes go to sleep at around 8 am & wake up 2 hours later to hit the pool & do it all over again...not worth the $20 but Im sure being a girl you can be able to sweet talk the dude next time to letting you in no charge...
5	Love Drai's!  $80.00 to get 3 of us in.  $400.00 for a VIP table in the hip hop room.  All paid for by a nice guy we met 2 hours before.  How can that not be a fun time!?  Hands down, best after hours club!
4	I'm not gunna lie i don't ever remember much after leaving this place. but i am always laughing, always drunk, always safe and the pictures on my camera the next morning are always hilarious. first time i went i had partied too hard at our pool that day and when 11pm rolled around i was in no shape to go out. I told my girls to ditch me- my fault for being too drunk earlier and being too sick for nighttime fun. FAST FORWARD.......its dark I'm awake- I'm alone in my hotel room, I'm confused- i look at my phone 2 missed calls- my girlfriends trying to persuade me to come out- fumble around get out of bed expect nausea but no- i feel fine and rested but alas its 230 am.......no more dancing for me.....call the girls. MEET US WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT. so i gussy myself up- head to Tryst to meet my ladies [ who are all ready sh*twrecked ] and as the club kicks us out around 3:15 we get approached by 2 other girls headed to Drais- they invite us I'm awake now and want to make up for missed party time so we go. SO GLAD! MY NIGHT WAS NOT A WASTE!!!! my favorite thing about this place is the music. If you have gone to ANY after hours EVER you know its mostly trance, techno, house GARBAGE with a buncha e- tards massaging each other all over the place. Yea, there were a few of those here too but there was a whole other room "the hip hop " room where they played top 40 hits and everyone was gettin buck wild. Wide wide variety of people here ANNNNND even though it was SUPER crowded [ mostly in main area tho] the bartenders didn't ignore you or be complete jerks. I had a few 151's and diets and don't remember how much it costs bu ti do remember i only had $40 bux and i still paid for the cab home so............. also there a stripper pole in the hip hop room we were all bustin moves on and watching as other girls did some crazy shit. I did go with a group of girls- no wait in line AT ALL ushered right in down the elevator not even a 3 minute wait. No cover at all for us, got into VIP area no prob. had a great time when i thought my chance for that last dance was over and done. def. if your a hot girl go here- if your ugly and broke or a guy and broke don't even try it- your gunna have to pay to play.
4	Drais - Even tho this is an after hours club... It's still a bitch to get in. Its hot as hell and everyone in the place is on something! haha... they have bottle service and everything... They have a hip hop room and a trance room, cool place to go if u can deal with the crowd.Its cool for after hours... u can party til like 10am and not even know what hit you, but then again... you can party anywhere in vegas til 10 am.If u need music and a bar and a crowd... the come to drais
4	I was here at like 4am on a Saturday night.  Getting in wasnt too bad, though I did have to pay $20.the music was good, there was a couch for me to sit on, i got a strong drink, and i liked the way the place looked.  i didnt get to stay for as long as i would have liked, but it looked like there was major potential for fun times.  i would totally rather hang out here than pure or jet or whatever.
5	Favorite place in Vegas, hands down.  I pass the time at Tryst until around 3, then I rush over to Drai's to really start the night!  I love it because it's in such a random location, and both rooms play GREAT music.  Staff is pretty amazing too...  Incredible service!  And fyi to previous reviewers, every club is gonna be crowded.  If you don't get a table that's your fault- should have prepared!  As far as why people would want to dance until 8am?  Why do you care? It's Vegas, duh!  To the people who DO like to have fun-- Don't leave Vegas without going to Drai's!
3	The venue is nice. I love the colors and how its decorated. It kinda resembles a fancy library. I don't really like the music but its a chill spot to hang out once you partied your ass off.
3	Okay so I came in here about half an hour after they had opened, which was around 1:30 am since this is an afterparty club and it closed till 9am. There was no line, cover was $20 and I liked the fact that I was allowed to sit in the empty chairs since I had not ordered bottle service. I ordered shots and mixed drinks, $12 bucks each.Oh and take cash because if you want to pay using credit cards, I think the minimum amount is $50. Also, if you're a smoker they have free matches with the drais logo on them, very cute. The decor I absolutly loved. The whole place was amazing, I guess you could say it was a cross between a library, an art museum, and a gothic club. The go go dancers were even dressed in a vampy fashion too. I was waiting for this club to get started or at least full enough so that I could get lost in a sea of sweaty dancing people, but no such luck. It was nearly 4am and still there were only like 20 people max on the dance floor and they were hilarious to watch. There was this lesbian who was dancing on any girl she could find, but she came on too strong they would always just end up walking away, but there was this guy that kept following her and would'nt get the hint. Seriously that drama was my only source of entertainment. There were 2 rooms, but apparently the hip hop room was blocked up since there were no people in there. The other room was like a techno music or something like that. The bathrooms are okay, but hard to find since they are in a corner and everything is really dark. So once the lesbian girl got off the dance floor and I got tired of watching the older people relive their younger days, I left after 4am. As I left I realized how stupid that was, but I blame the club not me. All the people were outside in a huge line. I was upset since inside it was pretty much dead and they were just being completly idiotic in not letting these people in. For god's sake there were hotties in that line whereas inside it was mostly the older people that had acutally paid for bottle service.However, if I'm ever in vegas again I will go if only to admire the naked female portraits on the wall and maybe even get a book off the shelf to read. I left there wondering if all those books were actually real or just fake ones.
4	I've never been to an after hours place until Drai's and I must say that this place was amazing. I mean, it's hard to imagine a place like this exists in a location like Bill's Gambling Hall but you soon forget that as soon as you walk downstairs into this dungeon of red lamps and exotic furniture. I mean, it's pretty much like Bordello's but in Vegas. And it was way bigger than I thought. It seemed like there were a few different rooms spaced out from each other. And just like the door guy said, it started getting packed at about 3AM. The best part about this place, YES to ins and outs! So since we got there at about 12:30AM (we had nowhere else to go, and plus I assume it's a lot easier to get in when they don't have anybody else there to judge you against) we were able to go hit the tables for a few hours and come back when shit started poppin'. And surprisingly, the door guys were really nice as well as the bartender. So, yeah, pretty positive experience for a Vegas club/bar. The downside? The shitty Starbucks techno that was playing. You don't put out a dancefloor and expect people to dance to that mid-life crisis bullshit. But I do hear that there's a room in the back (which was roped off as VIP on this particular night) that was better and played better music. So maybe next time!
4	Definitely didn't think that Bill's Gambling hall was the place to be, but apparently it is because of Drai's.  Love that it's after hours because nothing sucks more than getting your drinking cut off.  I was a bit drunk so I can't really remember the layout of the club, but I remember thinking it was huge.  There were a lot of crazy characters hanging out at the club, but I think it is part of Drai's charm.
1	ALRIGHT! The only reason it gets one star THIS time is because of the long ass wait in line (which, never moved and eventually, we never got in). What I suggest to ALL of you who have trouble getting in (and you'll know you'll have trouble if you don't have 3 prosties on each arm ready to flap vagina to get in, or if you're a dude not wearing a black button up with ridiculous graphics on it, orrr if you don't know the door guys, orrrr if you don't have sweet drugs to offer to keep you up for the after-hours) is that if you KNOW for a fact that you're gonna stay up partying and you're going to end up at Drai's for a FACT, then get there at 12:30AM, pay the cover and leave. Because if you remember, they have INS and OUTS. So that way, you ensure your entry, you can leave and go gamble, commit murders, punch babies or whatever. Come back when it gets crowded and walk right past everybody and go party. Sound good? Good. :D Hope this helps!
3	If you want to do ecstasy then this the place for you. This place is drug party central. It is so obvious!!! All the strippers and hookers hang out here. The music is good but the crowd and atmosphere is waaaaaay too shady for me. Not my cup of tea.
4	4:30am: TIME FOR DRAIS!Yes folks, Drais is THE after party location in Las Vegas. I can't believe I never wrote a review on this place. Any way, this posh club, located in the middle of the strip at Bill's Gambling casino, may lead you to think this place isn't that great, given that it's not a Wynn or Bellagio. But don't let its location fool you. This place has about 4-5 different rooms each with their own music. I stayed mostly in the hiphop room, where they had some comfy leopard couches to lounge on. Beware though that these couches are meant for bottle service. But I was able to sneak a few minutes to rest my feet ;) Alcohol is alcohol and drinks in Vegas are always expensive. So don't expect an awesome deal with price, but hey, I'm sure you could smooze your way through and get some free drinks if you make friends with any one mingling around the bar. What's crazy is that this place is almost packed around 4:30am, and isn't before 4am. People in Vegas seriously know how to party. So if you get into Vegas late and still want to party, or your feet ain't killing you yet from partying your butt off else where, Drais is the place to be.
3	bars and clubs closed and no place to go? Here's the place. We defended some drunk girls who were shoved by some douchey guys in the giant crowd trying to enter, and they adopted us into their party so we got to enter with nearly no wait at all. I remember that part.It's downstairs, cover is $20 on these ultra crowded nights, creepy people hit on us. Drinks were strong. It was dark. And red. And we got home at 6am. I remember less about that part.
5	Now how can you party hard in vegas without stumbling into DRAIS? I love the style of this after hour spot. Looks like a place that you view the mafia having a nice cigar hehe.. Very old school looking. Ladies please be aware that by the time most men get here after 3am they are already DRUNK so just press the ignore button.Its not their fault just blame it on the al-al-al-alchol if they are a bit pushy. The safest way to go is to get table service if its a group of you. The music is great because you have a variety to choose from in dif rooms.
4	The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of security at the entrance. I saw the husky fellow flirting with the cleavage exposed women letting them enter first which was no problem for me. However, when he said I cannot take my Mardi Gras beads inside and I must surrender them to him, I decided to destroy it from my neck into pieces. I tell you why: I spotted him giving away his beads to an over-exposed large breasted woman. So was he to take my beads so he can give them away to another woman??  I do not think so!!!  Anyway, he did not have the pleasure of repeating the same offense to another drunk idiot who tried to enter the club.  Only bad experience here.The music, the drinks, the ladies dancing with me and all the things that stays in Vegas made this place memorable.  YES including the security guard!!!  hahaha
3	Kinda ghetto and shady club here.  Good place to party after-hours though.
4	After-hours madness. Frequent drinks. FREQUENT.Eric L. and I camped here our first night playing $5 blackjack and made some nice change as well as new friends! The regular hour crowd (before 4AM) and feel is pretty meh, but once it hits after 4AM the crowds start rolling inThey have lots of lounge seating and armchairs lying around so be sure to check out Drai's for after hours shenanigans. Crowd is super delirious and drunk from late: I'd do it again.
4	Only came here for their $5 BJ tables because they were most abundant here than anywhere else. Maybe we didn't look hard enough..but anyway...the first night was great. Charles L. and I played into the early morning hours and walked home with some nice earnings. Some dealers are more charismatic than others which adds to the gaming experience. Paired with neverending drinks, you can stay here as long as your wallet--bank account--cash advances let you.
4	honestly... i didn't think this place was anything special... it's an after-hours club located at the freaking barbery coast.  however, i am giving them an extra star since the hot door guy (darren) let us in free and also offered to get us in any other club the next day.  i liked the sexy, red decor and loved the option of a hip hop room and a house room.  all the people managing the "ropes" were really nice and even the bartender was super cool and made this amazing pineapple upside down cake shot for us, despite the hefty price tag. so even though we were hoping to bear witness to some after-hour drama... coke-lines in the bathroom, ecstasy-happy couples, slurring drunkards... we didn't... and i think we were probably the drunkest ones there... courtesy of the $5 drinks at the barbery coast bar!  frugal tip of the day... if you don't want to spend $12-14 on a cocktail, get yourself stamped and take a few steps to the hotel bar and get your drink on there... repeat as needed.  .
4	Another cheap casino with live music, decent alcohol specials, and entertaining roulette spinners. This was the only casino I walked out of with even money, which was a huge win in my opinion. As we were leaving we heard people talking about how the club upstairs doesn't suck, so I may have to check that out next time I make the trip out west.Also, the bartenders here know what they are doing - give them a tip and they will offer you service before the cheap bastards that pocket their $1 of change on a $4 tab - good people indeed.
4	Good music, cool bouncers, stupid entrance. Excellent bottle service experience. Gotta love overhearing them move a group to another table to make way for us! Don't hate, it's just the business =p
3	Oh Drais, I had such high hopes for our NYE together. Unfortunately, I was not impressed... Music is good, not great. Kinda old school songs that you've heard at least 1,000,000 times. And the inside of the club, not so hot. Needs a serious face lift. As for your crowd. Mostly spandex wearing girls showing thier stuff. So, if you want a good late night pick up spot, this is it!
5	What can I say , the place to be for after hours. you get all sorts of people there but of course good looking people, good times, good music. in my opinion they should have left the whole club all house music like they use to but thats the only downfall i would say, other than that its super fun and the vibe is awesome, on holidays it gets packed and gets pricey so get there early and if you get there late when its packed you better hope you know someone to get you in. Drais is one of the main reasons i go to Vegas
4	I recommend Drai's to anyone looking to keep the party going.Drai's gets going when everything else begins to slow down. Drai's has a fantastic layout of multiple rooms. It's very easy to loose your friends in Drai's but its not big enough to loose them for long. I highly recommend Drai's to anyone looking for a Vegas after party.
4	Got into Vegas at 2 am, tried to hit up Tryst around 3 am but they were charging $20 cover which my girlfriends and I don't believe in.  Chatted up the doorman and he said that he'd be able to get us into an after hours club called Drai's, no cover.  So we killed time at Blush (see review) before heading over to Drai's at 4 am.Bottom line: Drai's is located in a run down hotel on the strip but once you step inside the club, you forget about the skankiness you had to pass through to get to Drai's.  Walls are a deep crimson red and there are plenty of rooms to get lost in, there's also a VIP room playing hip hop which I preferred to the house music playing in the rest of the club.  The fact that it's underground gives it this secret society, speakeasy feel which made the experience there that much better.
4	I gave my first After-Hour Vegas experience to Drai's, and it didn't disappoint me.It sounded sketchy at first, because the promoter wouldn't tell me which hotel it's in, but when we saw the crowd trying to get inside at 4am, we knew we came to the right spot.  Looks like it wasn't the easiest place to get in at that time, so all I have to say is it pays to be a girl.  :)Decor and vibe were cool.  The main room played techno/trance, and the VIP room was hip hop.  The only thing I didn't like about Drai's was that there was a minimum of $50 purchase for credit cards.Cool after-hours place to check out if you are still standing at 3am.
3	the only club i know of that opens at 3am and closes at 12pm.really? yesmy first time here it wasnt too crowded, the decor is nice and its like a lil underground lounge that only opens in the wee hours of the morning. they played only dance/house music when i was there, apparently there were more rooms, i had only been to one or two parts of the club before "passing out" in the bathroom and being wheel chaired out of there (GO WHEEL CHAIR CLUB!). anyways, if its too late to go to those fancy clubs and you got nowhere else to go and you're slightly drunk or wanna be...go to drais! it never failsupdate:so went again recently at around 4:50 ish on a fri night/sat morn and yeah...this huge crowd business? not feeling it. apparently Victor was there and the doormen couldn't take any "money handshakes" from people wanting to get in. I felt like we were all crowded around a chicken fight or something, guys were super aggressive, the doormen/bouncers were ready to kick you out of crowd if you were too close to the velvet rope. just a bunch of people standing around not getting into something at 5 am is a little embarassing so my friend and i bounced to denny's cuz you know they don't judge you there.on our walk back from breakfast it was around 6 ish and we decided to pass by again to see if there was a huge crowd and what did we find? EMPTY! nobody crowded around ropes so the two of us went up to the bouncer like "what up? let us in" we went downstairs and i told the cashier it was my birthday and he ok'd me and let me roll for free, my friend had to pay $20 but it was all good only based on the fact that we had an agenda to hit as many clubs as possible--while milking the "its my birthday" thing for all its worth.once we got in...what the hell? is everybody on drugs in this place? i dont know why i expected it to be like the last time which was a lot more fun and interesting but this time i felt like everybody was doing ecstacy and we missed it. guys were dancing with girls who were so passed out they looked practically dead--think of Tom Petty and Kim Basinger in "Last Dance with Mary Jane" status--other people were having sex w/ their clothes on on the dance floor. other people were just tryin to have a good time. theres 2 rooms: one with dance/beat/techno that'll molest your ear drums and keep you awake. the other with straight up rap and when i say rap i don't mean sing-a-long rap i mean you really have to be an avid rap listener to avoid looking like you have no rhythm cuz you don't know the song.i'm not necessarily complaining about the place, to its credit its not a terrible club its just the only place open in the wee hours in the morning, and if you wanna keep partying your choices are limited. Just don't expect to be walking into a late late night XS or Pure. And it's very warm cuz it's pretty much underground so my suggestion is if you don't need to bring it and you know you don't wanna hold it, leave it.all in all i'd say i just might find myself stumbling back in here again just for the hell of it.
2	Drai's was a bit of a disappointment.  Am I the only one who feels like this?  If you're gonna go all out, then please improve the music.It was dark and seductive with portraits of rounded and curvy nude women and old hollywood movie stars.  The crowd was cool, drinks although pricey were stiff.  I was all hyped up for Drai's, since the love for this place is so immense.  What happened?The music killed it for sure.  I really tried to like it but they played very old slow house.  I thought this place would have had better music than anywhere else we had been.  We had just come from XS and I think I would have liked to stay there til the end rather than come here.  Oh yeah, the hip hop room was closed for VIPs only.  When they finally opened it, everyone herded toward it like cows.  We left after that.
5	i aM in LoVe!!!!!! I am unconditionally and irrevocably in love with DRAIS!Can you believe after dancing all night until 4 in the morning there is a club that opens at 4 in the morning WOWWe left the closing club and got in a taxi.. we didnt even know where drais was haha we just heard of it from a promoter at the previous club and got in the taxi and wentWe got there are OMFG the FLAMINGO was my first though TRASHY but it completely changed by the end of the night..The line was crazy to get in my good ol pal the Andrew Jackson got my and my friends in QUICKLY not only in to the club My friend Andrew Jackson got us into VIP as well... well the guys anyways, the girls are FREE The club was crazy packed and it was so much fun, i mean by 4 in the morning you are totally smashed and so is everyone else thats what made it even better!Oh and they arent assholes about the chairs like most vegas clubs, we ploped down when we were tired and they didnt say anything BONUS POINTSWe must some really cool people who actually live in vegas.. so they are our new vegas buddies LOLThe only bad thing was .. they have hanging decorations at your level which can fall.. like this HUGE MIRROR... anyone else know what i am talking abbout!Anyways, this place was reallycool, and i will most likely go here every time after hours!
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Drai's!  I've been coming here for years.  You're not a true Vegas party animal unless you can survive 'til 4 am to party at Drai's.  Drai's is located in the older Bill's Gambling Hall, so you'd think it was a dingy club based on the outside looks of it.  But a walk down those narrow stairs and a turn at the corner and you're at the best afterhours club.I believe Drai's doesn't even open until 2 am and it doesn't even get poppin' until 4am.  You're sitting there at 3 in the morning thinking "this place is dead".  All of a sudden, it's packed to the ceiling and it's jumpin' off.  I have no idea what time the party ends because I've never made it past 6am.  There's two rooms.  The main room is house-type music.  The smaller room to the right is all hip hop.  I love this room.  Sometimes, I see celebrities and athletes here. The people that work here are so chill.  Not stuck up and douchy with the exception of a couple of the doormen.  The bartenders and hostesses are all super nice.  I've even met the manager and he was very polite and friendly.  One thing I noticed is that they pay exceptional attention to the details.  They keep your table impecable and your hostess is always available.  Even if you only buy one bottle, they treat you like you just dropped 50K.  Even if you get a bottle comp'ed, they treat you well.  The crowd is usually 20s to 30s and mixed.  Most people are dressed up since they just came from another club with a strict dress code but sometimes I see people a little more casual, maybe regulars and locals.  It's decorated nicely.XS.  Lots of booths everywhere.  And you're free to take a seat at them as long as it's not sold to someone already.I suggest going early, by 2am, because it gets super packed at the door and it's hard to get in once it's like that.  And there's not a line.  It's a giant crowd of people just huddled around the velvet ropes.  Another bonus, there's the Victorian Room down the hall from Drai's that serves cafe food 24 hours.  So you can walk or stumble on over there once you leave the club.
5	We actually planned on going to Drai's as our main club that night. We arrived early  ( 1:30am) and got in the door no problem.  It was 9 guys and 3 chicks  ( it had to be my buddies rare creative rec's that got us in). I had a good time since the minute I walked in. Drink prices are a bit steep   ( 8$ for a water , 8$ a beer , and 12$ a mixed drink) it was packed for a Saturday/Sunday night. Lets just say 90% of the people in the techno room are "rolling deep" with homies. The other part is a VIP room until 4 or 5 am when its all access and its a hip hop room. T he cover charge SUCKED   20$ for  chicks and 30$ for dudes. This is  the place to be afterhours !
5	Partying all night in Vegas would not be complete without a night at Drais! Hot hot crowd. Coool people. Easy to get in. Not easy to leave.
2	Been there twice. Not likely I'll be there again. Just didnt have fun. I mean, i suppose it takes a special person to be able to drink by the pool all day, down bottles at the club at night, then wanna go to another club to drink for another few hours. Good looking girls, but I'd venture to say over half of them were "ladies of the night." Also no set price to get in either, depends on how busy and if the bouncer needs to put money on his sprint bill.
3	Yeah Im a dude! Yeah I got in free! lolzOverheard some dudes getting in on a guestlist and jumped right behind em. Past one rope OK!   Down the stairs and the second rope is charging $30. What!!!???  So they go back up the stairs midway... one dude licks his stamp and stamps his friend... ok what about me??? "Just wait til my friend gets thru"  OK. So, his friend made it thru then the second dude runs down the stairs and I see him skipping past the rope, IDIOT ditched me. So, Im like ..."you idiot!!!" I get to the rope and the dude just says "yeah or whatever or whatever he said" lol and stamps my hand. Im like COOOL!!!  So, I see those guys at the bar and say, "What the deal?" they look stoopid. But nice guy I am, I keep my end of the bargain, well 50% of it, and buy them both ONE beer! Ha! made them share! and the idiot had the audacity to ask me for a shot. I said what, you just left me there!Anyways, the music is dope in the first room. dope dj rave, trance/house, but only a handful of peeps. But in the other room packed! Thursday night 4:30 - 5 am? the music was typical hip hop top 40 boring. I hear Sat is more crackin.Beware: when you drive out the garage at the bottom there are 5 cop cars just waiting there. They must know about Drais.Luckily made it to my hotel.
2	OK, I may be a little biased because we got here around 2 am, and I know it doesn't get busy until later, but it was seriously dead on a Friday night when we walked in. We stayed about 30 minutes, and left because we couldn't take it any longer. First of all, we were on guest list & still had to pay to get in! Guys I can understand, but I'm a female & you want ME to pay? That was issue #1. After already being drunk after partying it up at Tryst, we figured we'd continue our night here, since I saw all the good Yelp reviews. I was already skeptical since it IS in Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon, but walking in confirmed this. Decor was nothing better than OK, and the crowd was pretty much the ugliest & worst I've ever seen. Super ghetto. So I figured I'd get myself a kickin' cocktail to forget about it until the party livened up. When I ordered a shot of Hypo & the bartender told me it would be upwards of $20 for just the one shot alone, I wished I had never left Tryst - Drinks were cheaper there! So I ordered a beer, payed way too much for what I consider the most ghetto club in Vegas, and proceeded to chug it.The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because they do provide plenty of free seating, and after being on my feet all night at Tryst, it felt good to rest for a bit.I would have stayed longer to see how things change after 3 or 4, but the DJ was terrible... I like to hear Top 40 and/or house at the club... I don't know what this guy was playing, but it was bad. Not one single person in the entire place was dancing, and I can see why. I don't think I will be coming back to this place - I'd rather just stick to whatever club I started at and go back to my hotel when we're done.
5	Best afterhours in Vegas I went to. Opens @ 2AM, drinks, service, and music is awesome.
5	despite getting roofied in the bathroom by some chick from miami while i was here (hi jenna!) 5 stars all the way!!!let me break it down - earlier in the night, i met an absolutely perfect stunner of a gentleman at XS.  i decided that he was to be my future husband. long story short, we stumbled to drai's around 4 in the morning. as a hard-partying angeleno, i hate the fact that LA pretty much shuts down by 3am so anywhere in vegas already gets an additional star for being open even if it's a complete shithole. drinks were cheap, music was good, and the crowd was lovely. now here's where drai's gets every star in the world for customer service. my dumb ass didn't bother to ask "future husband" for his name, number... anything. and even though we talked all night, we apparently didn't talk about anything at all because i know nothing about the guy. in a drunken flurry of emotions, my friends and i googled this place the other night and i made one of the most embarrassing phone calls of my life. it went something like this: girl: hello, drai's las vegasme: hi.... i know i'm gonna sound like a complete crazy person, but here's the deal. i met this guy and i was there with him last sunday. he was amazing. i was a hot mess. i really want to find him but i dont know anything about him except for the fact that i think his name is josh and he lives in vegas. do you know how hard it is to find someone with a super common name in a big city? but i do know that he hangs out there....girl: umm....me: so look. i have one stupid picture of him. i'm in it too but i look horrifying, so just ignore that. is it at all possible for me to send it to you, and you can tell me if he looks at all familiar?girl: sure...me: sorry, i know i must sound like i'm completely out of my f'ing mind right now...girl: no, i think it's really cute!so long story short, one email later, i get a few texts back from the girl letting me know that she doesnt know him, but that she'll show the picture around and hopefully someone will know him. now is that some damn good customer service or what? still haven't found him yet, but i've got my fingers crossed. but shit. even if i do find him, i'm not sure what the hell i'd do with him. and this has gone from being a review to nonsensical ramblings so this is where i stop.
5	I just discovered the hip hop room. lol ignore my last comment!!!
4	As if you didn't party enough in Vegas, this is the "after hours" or so we were told, by these guys we met @ Hayz.  So, from Hayz we all moved to Drai's and kept dancing and enjoying our night, or morning - whatever... They have different rooms for different music tastes. Dancing floor is spacious and still room for comfortable VIP area. Crowd is fun, friendly, and sexy (specially the guy we met right outside). Definitely a "DO" while in Vegas.
5	This is the go to place after hours. The music is amazing if your into house, trance, techno, etc. They open from 2am till sunrise. But usually doesnt get crackin' till bout 4amish. I love love this place and I come every time im in Vegas. They keep this place in tip top shape, even the ash trays get cleaned every 5 mins! Don't want the night to end just yet?..... Come to Drais and dance the night away...
1	I wish that I could tell you that I loved the ambiance and that the music and crowd were the best I've seen or heard in ages, but I can't. What I can tell you that I didn't know that real "Knocked Up" doormen existed. As funny as that may sound to some, it was VERY irritating to me. I never got in the club. I hate to use the race card, but I don't know what else there is to use. The doorman looked RIGHT at me & my girlfriend, and proceeded to let everyone else in around us. I had never felt so disrespected -- until I had the same experience at Jet nightclub.. That's a whole other review though. So yeah, if you aren't VIP or a blonde chick with your boobs pushed up to your chin, with a tiny party dress on -- DON'T expect to get into Drai's.
5	Will go there every trip to VEGAS. Forget all the "new upcoming clubs", this is it PEOPLE! Of course this jewel is located in one of the worst casinos on the strip, the name was something like harrys saloon, OH WELL! Take it down to DRAI'S! Music kept me going till 7 AM! Good morning?
4	BEST NIGHT, EVER. A girlfriend of mine came to visit me out here in LV. We didn't leave my place until 3am, where we then proceeded back to her hotel room to get dressed and start drinking. We hail a cab and get to Drai's as the sun is coming up. The hotel Drai's is in is kind of old but I'm not that picky. There's a little bit of a wait, but we're let in after about 15 minutes (it was just us two girls). We get downstairs and are asked to pay $20 each. I don't know if it's because we were pretty drunk and felt like negotiating or we were just obviously drunk and still looked cute, but we got in for free. The door man told me, "I took care of you, so you take of me." Hahaha, SURE *wink wink*. Not. We get in and it's PACKED. We go to the VIP line and  get in without issue immediately. We dance, dance, and dance, and drink, and dance until there's only about 25 people left in the entire place. We meet some new friends and finally decided to leave. I walk past the door guy and I remember him saying something, just can't remember what exactly. We get outside and it's really bright! Guess what time it was, 8:15am! I'm a fan, you can't party like that in LA.
4	Deep red velvet couches. Animal print couches. Dark mood lighting. Mysterious and sexy atmosphere... This place is definitely an afterhours club where the dancing and drinking don't end until the sun rises. This place has stood the test of time and generations. For all those who are troopers and can party for a few more hours after the regular clubs have closed, make your way here. It doesn't start crackin until 4am.
4	Just found out about this one, and I love it!  So unexpected going from a normal casino underground to a nightclub with lounge couches and dark atmosphere makes you think it's only 11pm or midnight when it's in fact 5-7am!!!  Seriously one of the coolest new spots I found in Vegas!  A big fan :)
5	pretty cool place and a pretty good time...for me at least.Compd entrance, compd table...yah guud times!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	um... an afterhours club for people that are just NOT DONE?  HECK YES!  supposedly they play indie hip hop and house, but the hip hop room was vip only?  so i went to the house room, $20 entry when we went at 2 in the morning and there was DEFINITELY a line!  but we HAD A BLAST.  sure, it's afterhours so OF COURSE there's some shadiness going on, but i had so much fun with my friends i think i dislocated multiple toes that night dancing! (granted, part of it had to do with my shoes.) but the music was DEFINITELY legit.  the party is REALLY never over in vegas because of drai's.  great for a big group who's looking for a place to make their own!
4	Seriously this club saved the night!!!! We were in Vegas on a slow Thursday night after Labor Day weekend and the bars/clubs in the Palms were closing at 2am. WTF?? Thank god for Drai's and thank god I heard some nerdy cab driver talking about it. We got there around 3am and the doorman were pretty cool - I talked them to getting me n my man (and three other stragglers we met at the Palms) to getting us in for free. We all got in for free (even the dudes). Drinks were like 15 bucks each, so expensive and not that great, but whatever it's Vegas. The DJ in the Hip Hop room played really good music, and the crowd was fun! We didn't leave til 6am when the club started to empty. I will definitely come back to Drai's next time I'm in Vegas for some after hours dancing :)
4	I almost prefer this place over more impressive clubs like Xcess and Tao. Drai's seems more intimate. Intimate might not be the right word, but it's small which forces more interaction. My first time at Drai's was a precursor for the next two nights, a whirlwind of strange chance encounters. I was in Vegas with a co-worker I barely knew. Without her, Drai's and actually our entire trip might've turned out differently.After work we were supposed to take a flight out of LAX. A crazy rainstorm had delayed all flights. As a matter of fact, they were threatening to shut down completely. My co-worker, we'll call her Miss J., refused to accept this. While we were waiting in line to see if we could switch our flights, she started talking to two random guys. They were also trying to get their flights switched. One of the guys had a turban on his head. I'll explain in a bit.....We got on another flight and so did the two guys. When we landed they asked us what hotel we were staying at and if we had checked our bags. Miss J. told them we were staying at the Wynn and we were about to pick up our luggage. I thought their questions were weird, but nothing happened and we parted ways. We took a town car while listening to Frank Sinatra on our way to the Wynn, we wanted to start our trip off right. We got ready and went out to Tryst's Anniversary event. We were walking around when we saw a massive clump of girls with glasses of champagne and bright sparklers. Right in the middle were the two guys Miss J. had been talking to. We joined their table. They told us they were going to Drai's and invited us to come. We walked out with the two guys and group of girls. I didn't want to get into a car with random guys, too much Law and Order. I played 21 questions in front of Wynn about their age, childhood, family, and etc. Safety First is my motto. I suggesed taking a taxi instead of their limo. They laughed at the idea of taking a taxi and assured us it was safe. I was thinking that's exactly what serial killers say. So I went back to their previous question. Why did they ask us about our hotel and luggage? They wanted to offer us a ride, but were worried our checked bags would take too long. They were already running late as a result of flight delays. As the Phantom Limo pulled up one of the guys, we'll call him K, told the group of girls, "We're taking off now. We'll see you later at Drai's." I asked K, why he blew them off. He said very casually, "Oh, they're prostitutes and we don't feel like hanging out with them." As they got into the car, Miss J. said, "They answered all your crazy questions and ditched hot h@@kers to hang out with us. Sleaze balls wouldn't do that." I saw her point and got in the limo. K told me his friend with the turban was a prince in Dubai. He was supposedly raised and educated in the U.S. They were childhood friends that attended the same private school. I don't know if I believed him. Either way we walked past a long line and right into Drai's. We had a table and a bodyguard was assigned to the "prince." They ordered champagne and bottles of liquor. It seemed like everyone knew them. I was having fun dancing with Miss J. when the prince's bodyguard asked us to go back to the table. I said "tell him to come ask us himself." I pretended not to notice when he tried beckoning us with a wave of his hand. He later told me, "Stick with me and I'll take care of you for the rest of your life." I almost threw up.His revolting comment aside, I was having fun dancing. Things had started out slow, but it was getting packed. As the night went on there were a lot of beautiful industry people coming in after work. It was getting later and everyone was becoming livelier. We had no concept of time as we were inside a club within a hotel. There were no windows or natural light to tell us morning was approaching.     I'm a lightweight so I stopped drinking. K thought I didn't like hard liquor so he ordered trays of girly shots. I drank one because I felt obligated. He kept ordering more trays. Before you knew it was 6:30 and we were still dancing. I said, "Oh, cr@p, we gotta go M's going to be here in a few hours." My friend, M's flight was supposed to arrive at 9:30. We rode back with the guys to Wynn. They went back to their room and we went back to ours. We wanted to take a nap before M arrived. Luckily M's flight got delayed and we were able to get in a few hours of sleep.We've gone back to Drai's other times and it's always the same. It starts off slow, we have a blast and lose track of time. Finally we head back to our hotel as the sun rises.
5	After my second visit, I've decided I FFFFing LOVE this place.  Red lighting, cool ass peeps, hip hop AND house room, and turning a blind eye to the stuff that makes Vegas what it is.  When it hits 4am and you're having those "I wish this night would never end" moments, this is your genie in the bottle moment.  +5 hours, granted!  It's downstairs, so you totally FORGET what time it is.  It's not a humongous annoyingly overpacked club, so you're not drained by claustrophobia and by fighting for air.  It's just the right amount of a downshift in order to last the night.  At some point, everyone MUST experience that "OH SHTI it's DAYLIGHT?" moment when you finally leave at 9am and you realize you've gone that many hours nonstop.That is a Vegas weekend well done.
5	My favourite club in all of Vegas. It definitely doesn't have that typical nightclub feel. The vibe of this after hours is relaxed and all about a good time. You don't have to worry about guys perving on you or bottle rats trying to steal drinks from your table.House fans rejoice! There is a house room and a hip hop room. Feel free to dance your little heart away.The decor is beautiful. Make sure you check out the artwork. ;)
4	So I arrived really late, like 1am late, on a Friday night to Vegas and hyped myself up way too much in the car to let this hype go to waste so my friend suggests we roll down to Drai's for a good night. Definitely a good night indeed! Red lighting to set the mood, good company, house music, and free drinks all night (perks of being a girl...not to mention being the birthday girl), I was in my own little world of fun. Pretty sure I didn't leave the club until somewhere between 5-6 in the morning but I swore it was earlier...Downside, even after flirting ruthlessly with the guard and telling him it was my birthday, we didn't get hooked up at all and ended up paying. Boo, for not pleasing a girl on her birthday!
5	I cant believe I havent reviewed Drais yet, this is a sin methinks!This place is one of my favorite spots in vegas, after hours goodness! I wish I could live here, in this red dungeon of awesomeness.The DJs are to die for. I havent heard anyone spin so well in my life. I wish there was a place where I can download all the soundtracks that they play at Drais. My friend David told me about Aija the door man whos really cool. He let us right in, even though there was a HUGE line...i think people were lined up all the way to the entrance of the casino for Drais. But yea, Aija is the business!Dont go anywhere else for after debauchery, Drais has you covered ;)Can you handle partying until 10am?
1	Never again !! This place is a joke. There were 6 of us in our group, we had 3 VIP passes which the Drai's promoter said were 2 for 1. The bouncer let us in 2 at a time so i went with my friend. When we got downstairs the cashier said "No, these are only for 1 person. I told my friend "I Knew that Mother F***cker was lying" And the cashier dude told me to watch my mouth ARE YOU SERIOUS?? I can drink and smoke and practically have sex on the dance floor in here, but i cant cuss??? So we get in, had a guy buy us some drinks, they tasted fine, but i don't know what he paid. Turns out my friend had our other friends ID in her purse. Two of the other girls came down to retrieve the ID and were told they would have to pay to get in, so they each forked over $20 and came in to get the ID, took it back upstairs and then they STILL wouldn't let the girl in, even though she had her ID now, and she's the hottest one in our clique, so there's no reason she should've been stuck outside. The girls who came down to get the ID asked for their money back since they just ran in and ran out, and now we weren't even going to be able to stay since our friend was stuck outside, but ended up arguing with the cashier to no avail. I had to fight the tranny in the bathroom over the stall, even tho the bathroom attendant agreed I was there first. And to top it off, as soon as we walked in, 2 guys started fist fighting in front of us, security didn't do anything til one of the guys was laid out on the floor unconscious. Like i said, never again.
3	No Cover on Thursday night at 2:00am for both girls and guys: SCORE!The place the whole entire night was pretty dead.  I mean not overly crowded and not overly dead.  It's located in Bill's and you actually go underground to get into the club.There are 2 rooms here: Hip Hop and Trance/House music.More people were in the hip hop room.  I loved the dark red decor though.  It seemed very spacious.Why complain?  This is one of the few places that are open until who knows when for after hours in Vegas!
3	Wow good times here :)not overly crowded.. but that could be because of the 30$ cover lolThe drinks are good.Ciggies are 12$amazing night though
5	Yes, you will be droppin' G's here. If you want to be treated like a celebrity, this is the place to be!My friend hosted a pre-Halloween after hours bash here and it AMAZING! Drai's Hollywood does not compare to Drai's Las Vegas! We got table service along with 3-4 bottles and they gave us multiple trays of strawberries with custard-like whip cream. We came with a party of 15+ people and our table was right at the bottom of the stairs. Talk about center stage - we had a great view of the dance floor and the bouncers supplied us with multiple chairs to accommodate all of us! A lot of my friends were pretty intoxicated, but fortunately no one reached the point of no return. The dance floor definitely had a lot of older men on it, so having table service allowed us to escape them. Bouncers were also there to prevent any creepers from following my girls and me when we tried to escape.The waitresses were great at mixing our drinks - they were quick and extremely nice, not to mention easy on the eyes (yes I'm a straight woman and I admit that I check out the ladies). Overall our host was amazing and got us in very quickly. If you can pay to party at this place, you'll have an awesome time!I can't wait to party at Drai's - they really know how to treat their customers. Forget Vanity - go to Drai's for after hours!
4	Don't knock it, cause we ROCKED it!yeah, random as hell, use to always pass this place because it looks sleazy and old school on the out side, but uh...what is that they say? "never judge a book by its cover" DON'T, Drai's was HELLA COOL! So worth the measly $20 cover, we danced all night.  SHOUT OUT to the DJ spinning Nov. 4th 2010, kept our party jumping.Good security, they kick knuckleheads out quick.Didn't purchase bottle service, but were allowed to sit in a booth, danced with a guy in wheel chair, bartenders were very nice (other clubs had rude bartenders!), drinks affordable for Vegas.We attempted Pure and Rain the next night, I was just pissed off we didn't go back to Drai's-my new regular Vegas spot.
1	The bouncer STOLE my moneyI dropped my money on the ground and it rolled a bit. I asked the bouncer if he would hand it to me; he picked it up, put it in his pocket, and said "thanks."  I told him it wasn't for him, but he just kept ignoring me. He proceeded to walk away and ignore me for the next 30 minutes. During that 30 minute he told a group of Mexican's to go away because he "had to be selective," he made 2 overweight girls cry when he told them to go away because "there wasn't room," and he let in a ton of underage frat boys and fake boobs in. At this point I decided I wasn't going to support a organization that steals my money and makes girls cry, but I did ask him if I could get my money back and he told me "Yea, if you sign up for a $650 bottle service and pay $30 cover." I told him he took my cover from the ground and he said "finders keepers, losers weepers."  I almost smacked him over the head with his clipboard. After I wasted 30 minutes of my life in the Drai's line I walked across the street to the Bank and got into Usher's OMG tour after party for FREE. I signed up for Yelp just to write this review... Drai's is soooooo not worth it. Poor manors, poor service, power high bouncer=poor time.This happened 11/13/2010
1	Disgusting, gross people, dirty, locals were let in first, disgusting, dirty, did I say disgusting and dirty--oh and the management was obsessed with locals--who were gross and dirty. It was just so wrong--and did I mention gross...and dirty?MOVE DRAI'S TO A NICER SPOT AND GET NEW MANAGEMENT.GROSS.
3	This little swanky underground club is so cute! Drinks are very expensive but there's places to sit by the bar. I'm a huge fan of hiphop and I rarely venture from it but there house music was kind of cool.  People here were in a great mood and the bathrooms were really nice and stocked with products for the ladies. Love the fact they're open super late. Great place to go if you still want to party after hours
3	I was just not feeling the place.  My two girlfriends and I came here late night after another club closed.  Drai's is in a basement and I just couldn't shake the claustrophobic feeling that hit me when I walked in.  Maybe its because I had just spent hours dancing in a much bigger venue but I felt cramped with nowhere to dance except the main floor.  I ended up leaving after 20 minutes.  My girls stayed and said they enjoyed themselves.  I guess it just isn't for everyone. I'm throwing in an extra star for walking past the line and getting right in.
1	Bouncers full of douchbaggery and blatant racism?  Yep, that's Drai's.  I'd tell you what the inside is like, but I left the line in disgust of what I saw going on ahead of me.  I refuse to patronize an establishment like that.
4	Drai's is awesome!!!Drai's is a place that my husband has been frequenting for years and finally got the chance to bring me to.  We had been out day drinking and did not wake until around 1 am.  We decided to get ready, eat, and head over to Drai's.  I will admit that I was soooo not a fan at first.  The main room was playing predominately house/techno music which is not my thing at all.  Most of the patrons were so drugged out and/or drunk.  I quickly realized that I was WAY too sober for this place.  So I slammed a couple of drinks and started to ease my self into the atmosphere.  After about an hour, we ran into some people that we know and they got us into the VIP/hip-hop room.  AMAZING!!!  I have never had such a good time!!!  We partied, danced, and sung until Drai's closed around 8 am -ish.  SOOOOOO much fun, the people were fun, interesting, and the dancing that was taking place in this room was mesmerizing!!!  The DJ that was there this night was THE BEST DJ I have ever heard!!!  We have returned a couple of times since this night and have had just as epic of nights!!!  I would highly suggest Drai's to anyone looking for late night partying, but do warn that you MUST be drunk to fully enjoy what Drai's is!!!
3	So, the thing about Drai's is um...well...if you aren't into house music, you better be a female with only females or a guy with sixteen females, OR a guy with money to blow.On Fri and Saturdays they have the "hip hop room" but guys can only get in if they buy a bottle and it's $450 a bottle one bottle required per every four people. I'm a girl so this only mattered to me because I was out in Vegas for my brother's birthday. He was going to buy a bottle bit I told him not to because honestly, the DJ was mediocre, the room is tiny, and the people were ratchet.Oh! And they tried to charge me $8 for a tiny bottle of Fiji!I've had fun at Drai's (more alcohol was involved than this time)  it's not that, just a heads up.
4	Really cool venue - located downstairs in the basement of Bill's Casino, Drai's is a lounge/dance club/bar decked out in red velvet and candlelit tables.  The place has a great vibe when you walk in -- good music, good crowd, people who want to have a good time.  At least I thought so. We arrived on the earlier side -- and when I say early I mean 2am -- so things were still getting started but I the place was picking up quickly.  After you get in you can leave and come back. I actually thought of going home to take a nap and then returning at 6am! That didn't happen though, but it could have, that's the point. A sidebar note -- it can be pricey; $20 cover for women and $30 for men and the drinks are at least $10 each, but I am sure your experience will outweigh the economic opportunity cost.
3	Been to Drai's a few times every time i am in Vegas of course, this place seems to be the only one that survives staying open for after hours  year after year & for this reason it gets some good brownie points.getting in can be a pain in the neck since everyone heads here at the same time, if u r with a group of girls it is easier to get in , guy groups be prepared to hit off the bouncers to let u in & that price is not included in the entrance fee so be prepared to pay downstairs too but if u r patient everyone gets in.the music is pretty good & u can party till the morning hours assuming u got the energy everyone is all over the place dancing & having a good time.after u leave here u can head into the dinner on the other end for some good steak & eggs at 8am , yummy !
2	Drai's in Hollywood is better. Would you believe that? I never thought that would ever come out of my mouth. That something in Los Angeles would be better then Vegas. But true. This club is too dark and low ceilings. Kinda boring.
4	After all these years, they still play the best house music...I just wish they opened a little earlier.
3	I love that they have a hip hop room, but man the customer service here sucks! There is no sense of line or direction here. No organization at this club. It was like we are going to let who ever in at anytime. It was crazy! I swear they are not even selective. Tao and other nightclubs let girls go in first so they can get more service from guys, but this club... I don't think they are up on game. The sucky part is people still want to go. I'm guessing it's because this nightclubs go on to 8am in the morning. So if you're not done with dancing this is the place to come to, but expect to get in 20-30 minutes later. Girls, it does not matter how cute you are, you will be treated like everyone else here.
4	drai's is the perfect after hours club to get into some extra trouble...don't be too surprised if you find a couple making out lasciviously in a dark corner or right in the open for that matter...it's normal...i might've done it myself, but hey, what happens in vegas, stays in vegas, right?
1	This club sucks, they advertise a hip hop room, but guess what you cannot get into the hiphop room unless you buy bottle service which amounts to $450 for 4 people and one 1/2 liter of liquor. But if you want to come in and hear techno its $20. (This is straight from the mouth of the bouncer at the front) Maybe its me but sounds racist and it is a stereotypical rule, that should not be allowed in a buisiness establishment. Why can't my $20 admission allow me to attend the hiphop room, maybe because the word hiphop attracts more african-americans. Things that make you go hmmm.
1	LIke the other post said " you gotta pay to play", unless you buy a bottle or you get hooked up on some other accord, you will be payin some dough.  There is no line, there is no order to how you get in.  The guy that helped us said straight out that we have to pay him  money just to get in and still pay cover.  We had two guys in our group so we wouldve been forking out some cash.  We had just partied at Caramel, after driving 5 hours to get to Vegas...maybe we wouldve.  But after seeing his smirk and stuck up attitude when we didnt give him enough money, we turned our happy asses around.....F*&% Drais!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I see a whole bunch of reviews from girls who wouldn't have a tough time getting in anywhere in Vegas but what about the guys. I read bottle service was 450+ for dudes or something like that just for DRAI's which after spending money in another club would severely hurt your pockets. Reviews from dudes getting in to this place would be a lot more helpful since we have the tougher time getting in and lets face it money is a significant factor in deciding yay or nay.
4	We dropped by Drai's after seeing Kaskade spin at the Marquee.  Things are fuzzy but we arrived around 6am.  Being that early in the AM i had no idea what to expect.  To my surprise there were tons of people still partying while the sun was out.  You would never find this type of place in DC but to my surprise the music was amazing and the energy of the crowd was great.  The DJ spun mostly house music and it was the kind that you dance to.  I had a great time and we ended up leaving at 8am.....the party was still going.
3	Just celebrated my 24th birthday in VEGAS! since we landed in vegas at almost 11 PM and didn't arrive in our hotel till 11:30, we decided to take our time getting ready (considering there are five girls in our group) and hit up Drai's Afterhours! Drai's was also walking distance from our hotel so why not!Even though we had an even ratio of girls and guys, we still played it safe and got here pretty early. Yea i'll admit it was pretty boring at first since it was still early and dead, but we did enjoy the dancefloor and the bar! The DJ was not bad at all, we kept making song requests, but he didn't play them UNTIL a good amount of people showed up! lolTheir drinks here were really good and strong! And the staff were attentive and helpful!
5	Best club on the Strip.... great music, open till about 10 or 11 am. If you get there too early, like around 12, there won't be too many people but it does get busy just soon after. For all those people saying there are gross people there... um... i've never seen gross people there. And for those complaining about the price, go anywhere on the Strip and you'll be paying big bucks. All clubs charge at least $14 for a well drink so if you wanna party and drink at the clubs get used to it. Haven't you heard of pre-gaming? Try it sometime. It saves.
3	It seems kind of ridiculous to even have an "after hours" club in Vegas, since most clubs stay open until 4-5am, but Drai's is always packed.  The Barbary Coast, Drai's host location, isn't much, at all, to write home about, but once you're done dancing off your $ 50 cover at Tryst (if you're male), you can pay another $30 to get in here, and lounge away past dawn.  Not super exciting, but a comfy place to relax.  You'll see groups here, sometimes women kissing, and it has a chill atmosphere.  It's kind of a perverse fun to see all the men and women dressed up coming in here trashed and stumbling around after they left somewhere much nicer.  Not that Drai's isn't nice.  Tasteful art on the walls, very comfy couches, and an atmosphere that makes you feel like you could stay here until the sun comes up.  And that's what most people do here.
3	Roadtrippin' to VegasBut got there so late.Please no long linesFor this we would hate.0400, what's poppin'?Someone shouted "Drai's!"Found a shitload of peopleOutside forming a maze.All hope was lostAs we stood there dead last.When an guy with a ticketScooted us past.For a group of just girlsVegas don't suck.One dude in your crewAnd you're shit out of luck.:)
4	I wasn't really a fan of the charge to get in, but this was a badass after hours spot! There are two clubs, one with techno-ish house music and the other with hip-hop. The hip hop one was way more crowded and music a little bit more fun to dance to. I tried to dance around to the house music in my most Jersey Shore mindset, but really, I just don't think I got it... Love Drai's.
1	After 12 years at Drai's, buying bottles and hanging out in the comfy booths until 10 or 11 in the morning while listening to some great music, my time at one of my favorite spots has come to an end.The staff is clearly not having fun and clearly hate their jobs.  From the bouncers, to the bartenders, to the waitress, everyone seems to be miserable and wants to make sure that they spread their misery to you.To the staff:  I'm sorry that you have to deal with people as they end their nightly bender, I know they're drunk, destroyed, and often, much worse.  However, you chose to work there, not me, and the least you could do is be courteous and make the night part of our fun, not part of what we disliked most about our trip.On our last trip we bought a table and had a very tall, bald bouncer yell at us, our waitress spilled the wax from a candle on some VERY expensive clothes without even an apology, and crappy choices in the bottles that you don't really need to buy because there's plenty of room to sit by 5 or 6 am.  I'm genuinely bummed that they gave such crappy hospitality to me and my friends, this place is an icon, but I don't go to Vegas enough to have a place screw up even a few hours of my trip.  Off to see what's next....
4	Called in for reservations weeks ahead of time, and they were so nice and helpful.  Put me on the list without any questions.Arrived on a Saturday morning (2 am) and was in without waiting in a line (just had to finish up drinks in hand before entering).  Instead of giving us the elevator entry, we were asked to use the stairs. No problem, calorie-burning is needed when you're going to be drinking a ton of malibu bay breezes.  No price for admission since we had called ahead and we were all girls.  Otherwise, it would have been a $20 entry for ladies, $30 for guys. The price kicks in when it comes to drinks though... About $15 a drink.  2 am is a little early for this place, I'd say around 4 is when it started to get a little packed.  We started in a room that played a lot of house music, which isn't my thing but I was tapping to the beat for sure.  Then we made our way into another room that played more hiphop music, now that's what I'm talking about!  Took awhile for me to get warmed up to the place, but once I did I had a great time!Beware of the guys who paid to get in just to sell the drugs! Although the staff can pick 'em out pretty quick apparently.What I loved most about this place is the comfortable seating, which you could take until someone came to reserve the spot (by buying a bottle).  I wanted no part in that since I don't care for bottle service, but by the end of the night I didn't see any empty tables.Least favorite part (which is no fault of Drai's of course) is the staff member that "helped" direct us to the taxi cabs.  I know they deal with a lot of drunks, but there's no reason to treat someone like they're incompetent just because they're coming out of a club.  I wasn't that drunk, dude.
5	Damn I love this place.  From worldly known DJ's to locals like Adam Webb, how can you not love this madness?
2	1. The DJ that evening was incapable of performing a smooth transition. 2. Hydrate before you go. Water is more expensive than beer.3. A friend was scolded by a bouncer for dirty dancing. (Are we in Vegas? Or at prom?) 8-|4. A guy pulled his pants down while dancing with me (he was not scolded though)
1	Drais is terrible. I didn't even make it inside because of the bouncers. I am one patient guy no girls. I had just paid 40 to be in rain at the palms and thought I would check out Drais. I ask the bouncer is where I'm standing the vip line or general admission. He said your fine your in the line. 30 minutes later the same bouncer says the line is on the left side. There is no line just get to the velvet rope to talk to a bouncer. I waited for another 30minutes just to finally talk to a bouncer who says straight out your gonna need to get bottle service, or be on the guest list to get in. I told him I can't afford bottle service what can I do to get in. He said u can pay me and I will get u in. I show him 60 and he says I can't get u in for that. I am looking like wth, 60 I should be able to get me and 3 other guys in. Plus we have to still pay 30. That is just craZy. I have been to many clubs in vegas everytime I visit. And I usually hear rumors of having problems getting in to a club. Being what I thought was a clean cut well dressed guy with a little cash left thought I would have no problem. Guess I was wrong. I don't know how it works here. I guess being the only after hours spot you can do and stiff who ever u want because your the only one doing it after 4PM. My hour wait from 3 to 4 I seen many people turned around after talkin to a bouncer, how much money is Drais loosin because of bouncers pocketing money?
4	All I can say about Drai's is if you end up here at the end of a crazy night of partying (most likely after the sun has already risen), don't expect too much of an amazing experience.  But if you've made it this far, you'll probably be having the time of your life regardless.  Just be appreciative that you have safely made it to the renowned after hours spot in Vegas.  -Be careful going down the stairs (if you're not fortunate enough to be allowed access to the elevator).  -The staff might not be in the best mood, but they do have to deal with drunken idiots in their prime.-Most recent time I went here after a crazy time at Marquee, and apparently shut down the night.  My bff doesn't even recall us going here, but woke up with tons of bruises, and both of us had inevitable headaches for the next couple days.  We must have had a blast.  As a rule of thumb: End your night at Drais, have an awesome time, but some bruises & battle scars.  End your night at the Rhino, end up with an exceptionally amazing time, but a very empty wallet.
1	If you come here after the other clubs have shut down, you might as well skip it. It's $20/girl $30/guy. The bouncers have major attitude. There's no line, just a crowd to get in, bouncers don't make eye contact or even speak decently to you. I was surprised at how long I had to wait to even receive consideration to get in. I was well dressed and only one of few girls there. For some reason guys were being sent inside in droves. I just remember the bouncer, Ian, was a total douche bag. He had a little bit of power in deciding when to let people in and totally let it get to his bald head. This whole business runs on customer service, but hey, if you can't even do that much, you won't have much of a business, eh?Drai's = 0 stars if I could.
2	The music is alright, after 5 hours of dancing, it all started to sound the same; that tends to happen with Electronic/Trance/Glitch music anyhow. The bar service was quick when we got our drinks, but that's primarily because the place wasn't crackin'.  Our friend was able to get us bottle service and a cozy table with a booth, so that area became a refuge for me as the night progressed. Since our friend had a friend, we didn't have to pay to enter (as women in Vegas shouldn't have to), but I know that some of the guys in our group had to pay $30.00! That's ridiculous. Pretty much, we came here after Marquee...after...Marquee...and let me just tell you, the two are incomparable! The place was teeming with local urchin-types of guys, but worse than being urchins...they were aggressive! Go here if you want to be soothed from an earlier night of party-rocking. Don't go here if you want to reach the peak of your partying mayhem.
1	This is the place to go if you feel like being talked down to by some big fat bouncer while your waiting in line. Oh wait "there is no line, its first come first serve", replied big fat bouncer as we mentioned to him that there was a big group pf people who cut us in the front of the line. He will also tell you to "get off the ropes, or I won't let you in." Really dude! The line was pushed up against a gambling table with no room for anyone to move. I would like him to stand behind in the line and see if he could keep his fat bum off the ropes! Anyways, our group decided we had better things to do than to sit in this line and listen to this rude fat bouncer. You don't need Drais for a good time in Vegas, there are so many other good spots to go where you won't deal with  poor customer service like this!
1	Drais is located in a terrible hotel on the strip.  The hotel management needs to regulate this horrendous place.  The only thing Drai's has going for them is their brand, its a catchy name.  Sooner or later the people that visit Drais will get tired of their B.S. and will find another hot spot on the strip.  I really dont understand how people or management let this happen.  Come on!  Why do businesses treat people like crap.  We have money to spend, and i would of loved the opportunity to spend it at Drais, but the bouncer at Drais told me to go somewhere else.  So i did and I had a blast.rpchavezjr@gmail.com
3	place to party after the regular parties shut down.
1	Doormen attitude check, please! The attitude of the doormen needs to change.  Horrible service.  We arrived super early to avoid the madness and they would not let us inside since it was 3 guys.   However, slipping them 100 per person changed the whole situation and they were NICE to let us inside Drais.  We paid because my out of the country friend wanted to check out Drais.I will not go back!!!  No thank you.   Check out Artisan Hotel.  Free and awesome service.
5	Whenever I go to Vegas I have to go to Drai's.... Great place to end your night and start your morning if you know what I mean... And there is a hot guy at the door that looks like Justin Timberlake... Me and all my girl friends go back everytime to see him...
2	I have been here twice, excited by the reviews of other yelpers.  Both times, I was disappointed. There's a really weird vibe in this place at 430am.  There were a lot of dudes in desperation mode, desperate to pick up a chick at the end of the night in a very aggressive grab by the hand manner.  I didn't see the carefree-hard-core-partying-dancing attitude that I was expecting to see.  The place was oozing in dirty testosterone.  The bouncers in the club were douchey, the doormen (i.e. Ian) is cool.
4	Night club only review...This four star review is for the experience of Drai's. First, it is an overpriced experience, recently made worse by the aggressive Bouncer/"hosts" that safeguard entry to this basement club on the dumpy Bill's Casino floor. But once you do gain entrance, and walk down the stairs you will feel transported into a special place. Despite the lines outside, Drai's rarely feels crowded. The waitresses are friendly although somewhat limited in service offering due to the strong push for bottle service as in most Vegas clubs. Bartenders are dicks; it seems to be part of the strategy to encourage people to not to have to deal with them and just order a bottle. If you don't want to spend $500 for a table, stick to bottled beer and tip accordingly, because your loyalty won't buy you anything there. The music is almost always great with two rooms providing for a variety of dance tastes. Friday night is best for house music in the main room. This place invented after hours in Vegas so don't bother getting there before 1:00 am and be prepared to stay until 6:00 or 7:00 am if the groove is strong.
2	Best part of this joint is that's it's open till like 8am. This is the type of spot that if you haven't had enough at the bar your at.....awww might as well go to drai's and party a little more and completely crash and burn. You go down into what is pretty much a casinos basement and stand around reserved tables that are crazy $$$$. And make eye contact with the same people in a low light red glowing haze. Their are two rms but it seems like you keep seeing the same people and everyone is just going around in circles. Not one of my best experiences. Make this your last resort not your whole night.  Please.
3	Late night spot. Or, let me rephrase that, THE late night spot. Not sure how late it's open, but I was there after 5 AM and people were still boosin' it up. Plays house music and has a "Hellish" feel to it. I didn't pay because I was with people who work in Vegas and they get in free everywhere, but I think it was in the $20 range.The energy was off the night I went, most people were just standing around screaming at each other over the music, and only a few people were dancing. But I heard it can be a really fun spot. And that is all I'm saying ;)
4	I honestly don't see why there are such bad reviews.......hahaha you just aren't cool enough I guess....So about 10 of us come together, 3 girls 7 dudes....  us ladies were in for free the men paid the 20 at around 3AM .... after dancing all night I was tired and decided to head back to the hotel at around 6am I change into my vans but I still have my little sexy black dress and head back.... how awesome is that? to be able to LEAVE a club and come back?? It doesnt get any better than that. when I came back to Drais, the music WAS SICK, tried speaking to the dj but he didnt speak english..... HE WAS SO SICK!!! and about them being nazis on dresscode? its bull, i saw so many people in there in jeans and tennis shoes....maybe you should smile? be more talkative? be nice? Can't wait to go back in January!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This is one of my top 3 favorite places in Vegas to party and THE best after-hours spot.  The bouncers have a bad rep but we only experienced good customer service while we were there.  The only attitude came from one of the male bartenders in the house room. Relax buddy!! It's 5am in Vegas, of course people are jacked out of their minds!  Once you are inside you have no idea what time it is...perfect for partying until the late morning!!!  I love that you can sit at the tables reserved for bottle service until someone reserves them.  I will be back every time I visit Vegas.  Oh Drais, how I love thee...
4	Where else can you go? It's 230am and the party vibe has not worn off. The birthday girl in your group is still walking upon her own accord and the addition of random dance parties with strangers in the casino just doesn't fill that void. DRAI'S IT IS!!!Staff were extremely courteous to us...but not the rest of the line. One because we were adult about approaching security and speaking with a friendly attitude without alcohol influenced slurs; and two, because we were humble and modest. While my group walked in, I caught the convo of three dudes having to be escorted out of line, having tried to enter dressed like Pauly D in tshirts and fake bakes screaming about what kind of car they drive.Inside, about equally distributed female:male ratio, house music blaring, decent bar, dark............................awesome. EndShort review ^_^
3	After the club is the after party...because no one wants to go home at 4am in Vegas! Drai's is a hit or miss in my opinion.The first time I went there, I came with two Vegas locals and 4 girls after a night out at Marquee/Tao. We didn't have a problem getting in, danced all morning, and didn't leave until 8am. The only bad thing was when we first got there and walked down the stairs, this drunk ass girl was peeing as she was stumbling up the stairs to leave. We were BEYOND disgusted...like girl CONTAIN YOURSELF/YOUR BLADDER. However the music was good and the shots kept on coming so it was soon forgotten. This most recent time I was in Vegas, I was super excited to go back to Drai's because I had such a blast the first time (minus peeing girl incident)...but it was pretty empty at 3am and the guy at the door kept us (3 girls) waiting for a good 10-15mins! These dudes kept on walking by and handing the doorman $100s...so I guess I can understand. The music was pretty ehh this time and the whole environment was just not as fun. Maybe it was because it was a Thursday night?I would have given Drai's 4.5 stars based off of my first experience (I've never gone out and danced from legit 10pm to 8am before) but would probably give it 2.5 for my second experience! I have another Vegas trip planned in a couple of month's for a friend's bachelorette party...so we'll see how I feel after my 3rd time!
3	Drai's is the place to go when you wanna walk outside at the end of your night and see sunshine! This afterparty spot is open way past when all the other clubs begin shutting their doors. It's like a hidden lair inside of the ghetto Bill's Casino. Tons of different rooms to get your drank and dance on in. I overheard a girl asking the bouncer about the hip-hop room which makes me think that there are even MORE hidden things in this already hidden spot.
4	Id heard from a friends that as far as afterhours clubs, this was it, I being from SF can get down at afterhours ug clubs wee past 6 am so i was hoping this would be the topping on the cake the night before we flew back to the bay. I think we'd gone to the blue martini off the strip thatnight bc a friend's friend invited us there, chill place so we got our drank on there and at around 2 we headed  to bills, when we got there apparently we were too early (2am) the nice bouncer guys told me and my bf that the place doesnt get packed til past 3 so we paid cover (20 for me & 30 for him) got our stamp and went back up the elevator to drink 5 dollaaa vodka/cranberrys at the bar next to drais until we saw more people were going. Once we went back down to Drais-- DAMN, the music was fucking deep house heaven. If youre a househead like me then you'll love the music in the main room. i only saw or noticed one room with music being played so idk about other rooms and such *shrugs* maybe it was the alcohol but whtever. the people are sexy aswell, meaning attractive people everywhere and surprisingly very friendly (compared to the snobby bitches that give you the stink eye) anyways, packed it was indeed, we actually had too much fun that we called it a morning lol at around 645ish am monday morning eventhough the place was still in full effect all packed and ish, that walk of shame on the strip looking like vampires afraid of the sunlight was all worth it bc of Drais even if my platform heels were killing my feet. Stay sexy, Drais.
5	I was driving my homie home one night after eating at Tuscany (best steak n eggs) and I decided to drive on LV blvd just for the heck of it. Then I saw a familiar face, an old friend of mine fr High School with his wife and another couple he was with. I started yelling Steeve Steeeve! And with a surprise look, he saw me and said oh sh-t!, Neeeeeelson Neeeeelson which wasn't as cool to yell cuz my name is nerdy as hell. I didn't plan on goin' out but he told us come to Drai's, I got you guys. Well it turns out only the ladies were free and our only benefit was us guys got to cut in front o the line but still had to pay $30!  One thing I hate about Vegas is every damn scene has an outrageous cover charge for guys. The inside of this place was chill and very spacious.  Plenty of room at the bar and dance floor despite of the long line outside. I'm assumming they try not to let in people all at once to keep the vibe of this place this way.  Music was good and plenty of ladies to talk to but unfortunately my boy got kicked out for trying to sneak in cuz he didnt wanna pay for the cover. Didn't wanna leave him out hanging as much as I wanted to stay in.  If you have enough energy still after 4am and still want to poison that liver of yours, holla at Drais!
5	Best after hours club in Vegas. You would defiantly find me here at 5 in the morning.
3	Drai's is becoming another club selling itself out to the dollar. No more are the days of the only reason to go to Vegas!
5	I can't believe I'm writing my first review of Drai's after 5 years of magic visiting this place.It really is the happiest place on earth.Drai's is my favorite club in Vegas- for amazing deep house heaven, strong drinks, and a bunch of party people who dance like they just don't care, and of course, the lovely walk of shame when you leave and the sun is out (By the way Drai's, you really need to start selling sunglasses on the way out!  you'd make a killing!)If you fly to Vegas and don't make it to Drai's, you've basically wasted your plane ticket.  Go here, dance a fool, and you won't be disappointed.:)
1	I will not be back.  Here's how it went down. Went to Drai's on friday night after going to Haze. It was about 2:30am.  There was me, my gf, two other girls and 1 other guy.  We didn't want to wait in line so we walked up to the front to talk to the bouncer.  The guy says, "well is someone going to shake my hand??"  I said "yes, I got you", and hand him some cash as we walk in.  This is normal around vegas, not a big deal.  The problem is that once we walked inside they wanted a cover from everyone, girls included.  $30 for guys, $20 for girls.  Incredibly lame, but I still had high hopes that it would be worth it so I paid the money.  WRONG, not worth it. Music sucked, drinks were weak, vibe was terrible.  Complete waste of time and money, two thumbs down.
1	Definitely not what it use to be. Drais in Hollywood is 100 x's better and more exclusive then this location.
4	I came in here to meet up with a girl that happened to have substantial influence on the staff that works here. So of course, my review is going to be a little bit distorted because of the preferential treatment they gave me.I considered Drai's to be one of the best After Hours parties I have ever seen. I frequently go to the Rain Nightclub at the Palms so Drai's happened to be a convenient 5 minute drive down Flamingo. It strives to maintain the nightclub atmosphere, they play the same EDM style form of music like Rain does, and even has a hip hop room, like the Moon Nightclub. I thought it was awesome that they let me in by myself to see 5 girls that already went inside. All I did is drop a name and 5 minutes later they opened the rope JUST for me (:The group I was with, the security let us occupy the VIP tables until someone bought the section, so we just spent our time table hopping and flirting as we went. Eventually we came across a table of losers that didnt like us very much (because they were all dudes that wanted to look powerful with a table I guess), and tried to call security against us. However, due to our good standing with the staff, and our generally more positive vibes, the bouncers just told those fuckers to shut up and enjoy the party.The bouncers are really committed in maintaining a good atmosphere to party in. And unlike the other public After Hours joint I been in, The Artisan, this place isn't full of hookers, sex offenders, and small time drug dealers. I like the folks that come here a lot. And for most visitors, I guess their perception of the best part is that it is FREE.
4	Great after hours club,  walked out of here not knowing it was light outside... Good times
5	I only go with all girls and we know a "guy" at the door so I have never paid or waited in those ridiculous lines.The music is always great and though the crowd can be a little sketch I always have more fun here than I do at the popular clubs ahead of time.Everyone needs to stay up super late at least once to try this place!
4	Place is so much fun and THE afterhours place in Vegas.  One time my partner in crime on that trip and I went back into the room at around 9pm to take a nap before heading out. Unfortunately, we didn't hear the alarm or didn't set it right, and woke up at 12:00 am! Drais to the rescue.  We got ready, out of our room at 1:30am and off to Drais we went. Had so much fun and ended up at the traditional Fatburger early in the am to reload some of the lost danced away calories. Love Drais. Make sure to look good, be confident, and you will get in easy. As I recall each time they open, they just have a cluster of people around the rope and they select whoever they want to go in if you don't know anyone to get you in or have a table.  Place is pretty much always packed.  Music is house, dance, and located in Bills Casino.  Spent New Years Day here dancing till the am.   Met some locals at XS earlier, they had a table reserved at Drais and the rest was super fun dancing times!!! If you are staying at Caesars it is pretty much across the street.Till we meet again Drais!
5	Best after hours lounge I have ever been to!!!! Came here on Saturday and Sunday night of my stay in Las Vegas. Get on the guest list or expect to make a long line to get in. Came here after the club at around 3 am and didn't leave until 7 am. I heard Drai's closes at 9 in the morning!!! Woow now that's a party!!! Never been here to eat just to party but after seeing the pictures on yelp, I think I will be coming back for the food. ;)Absolutely fell in love with Drai's!!! Not soo much for the first room, the music was kinda weird and slow and I came here to dance so this room wasn't my thing. Luckily my friends and I got invited to the VIP room and THAT'S were the fun is at!!!!! OMG the music was soo good! Nothing but hip hop and old school hip hop. The crowd is really friendly and when your here the night is young. It does not seem like its almost 6 in the morning. People are still up and the best part of it all is that THE BAR IS TILL OPEN AFTER HOURS!!! :) I was shocked!! I stoked up on my liquor before coming here thinking the bar was going to be closed but surprise surprise!! So we still kept drinking until the sun came up!Definitely will come back! I loved DRai'S! AWESOME night!!
1	Seriously.. I have to be looked over to get into this place?Time: was I think close to 2 or 3ish am.And I got in with chucks, jeans and a tank top so either they don't care or it's slow for a Saturday night? So after paying the entrance fee I noticed that all tables are reserved..all tables and I had asked is there no seating anywhere.. apparently you may sit down until someone request table service.. okay.. One of the main dance floors the music was too much techno for me and the room we wanted to go in the hip hop room was closed off only to men who purchased bottle service and then the girls who where with that guy can go in..soooooooooo stupid.We manage to have a good time because it was the people I went with that made it fun but $80 to my debit card for 3 drinks was not cute at allThe worse after-hours in Vegas I've been too so far.
5	Drai's is legendary for afterhours and is consistent over the years. It gets poppin after 4A so don't bother showing up early, or at all if you aren't willing to leave when the sun's already up
4	I came here for the first time my last Vegas trip on a Sunday night and it was great. It was house night, which is always a good time. The place itself looks very nice, lots of places to chill. Definitely check it out, didn't start really getting crowded till after 3 closer to 4AM.
5	This spot is s-w-a-n-k-y! Awesome decor. We were lucky enough to get in with no line and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
4	I love this bar after the clubs close. Sooo fun. Everyone who works in the hospitality industry who is fun comes and the dancing the conversation the happy vibe make it a hot spot. Beware 1. You must leave other clubs early to get in 2. The line is long and the bouncers discerning 3. Industry locals get in first no matter how long you have waited unless your crazy attractive & wealthy appearing ... Once in drinks are reasonable and totally worth the wait
5	After a not so great experience, I was immediately contacted by Nick, one of the manager, who made everything right for me. This shows that Drai's knows how treat their guest and have class. 5 stars for customer service!
1	So in line here and I went to merely ask a simple question to the "let in guy" who happened to be having a PERSONAL conversation with another "let in guy" he made  a totally rude and obnoxious comment to me and turned his back to me as if to say f*** you stupid BITCH... His name is CHRISTIAN!!! Never again!!!! ZERO STaRS
5	Drai's afterhours is a really fun club! Theres the house room which places obviously house music(techno) and then the hip hop room which is a v.i.p area room. Very fun. You can pretty much dress how you want, I've seen people dress super skanky (typical Vegas club dress) to dressy/buisness to jeans and top. From heels, to flip flops. Most clubs have a super tight dress code so its nice to be able to decide to dress how you want.  The service is awesome and aside from a few bartenders whom I havn't seen in awhile, I've never had any issue with any staff members at Drai's!  If you havn't been and want to check out a cool late hour night club, this is the place to go!
4	Oh I love this place, I'm not a fan of their over priced drinks.  I love the crowd that comes here.  If you love House Music, this is the place to get your fix.  I've been to many clubs in San Francisco that play House and Techno. This place really brings that feel when I go to Drais. When I brought my friends from S.F.  They totally agreed with me and love going here. Whenever they come back to town they always still go to Drais.
3	Who needs after hours when clubs open until 6 in the morning? I am very surprised though of the party they host here. They draw a good and energetic crowd even at 4am (and you still have to wait outside for the bouncer to let you in). The party is basically in the basement of the casino which is not laid out too well but was packed of party heads nonetheless. Good atmosphere for an "afterparty" but I would rather stick to the main clubs.
5	I'm a fan of Drais afterhours in Vegas!! My girlfriends and I got to Vegas at around 11:00 one Friday and managed to get out of our rooms by 12:00ish. Headed over to Drais and it was still a little dead. By around 1:30 - 2:00 the crowd started coming in. And ooh it got pretty bonkers! Just a little word of advice you loose track of time in there, and by the time you come out the sun will def be OUT!
4	Good spot to chill and hang out when everything else is either too crazy or as a last minute decision. Around 2 - 3 AM it gets pretty busy and people start wylin' out. Some of the crowd in there can be a little shady, but it's usually cool for the most part, besides people mostly go to have a good time, not get into trouble... At least you'd hope so.
4	Ah Drai's...Think of it as if the club you're at is not happening and you still need to get your party on, this might be the place for you.  Best to arrive after 2am, that's when the other clubbers start coming in.  Service is good and multiple dance rooms, so the choice is your's.
4	Opens at 2 am, so if your just getting out of whatever club you went to, or just woke up at 2 am, head over to Drais, they stay open til 6 or 7 am.  if their is any line to get in to Drais when it first opens, don't worry, they serve one dollar frozen margaritas.  That should tide you over for a bit.Nice club too...deep undergound with a very gothic, bordello feel to it.
5	I came last weekend with 4 other girl friends, wow this is probably the best club in all of Vegas. After watching Calvin Harris at XS we went to drais around two am, and it just started cracking. The dj was so amazing playing the best hip hop jams in all of Vegas. We had bottle service, and we were let in right away even though there was a big line. We didn't pay a cover either. Left around 6am and the club was still popping. Great place!
5	As this was my first time in Vegas, this club was so my type of party that I went 2 nights in a row.  Talk about fun.  Two rooms, different music (much appreciated as I don't do house music) FULL of people dancing the night/morning away.  This is what I call after hours.  There were people waiting to get in at 7:00am when I was leaving, yes really.  If your feet can take it this is the place to end up as it won't disappoint.  I can't wait to return to Vegas (we were setting a date on the drive home, lol) I will be going back.
4	Two words. GOOD MORNING! I lost complete track of time here and ended up walking out around 7am in the bright as sunlight feeling like I was on a walk of shame!! I had a blast and so did all of my girlfriends, the whole club is pretty big and dark and just ... so Vegas!  Don't let the weird and creepy casino that this place is in change your mind about going in. Good times lie inside!
4	This is the best and worst of every stereotype about Vegas, all rolled into one. It's grimy, dark, seedy, and excess veiled with alcohol and loud music. It's infamous, iconic, and amazing. Came here on a girls night out at 5am when XS closed, and intended to stay only an hour or so. This is definitely the after-hours spot to go to when you just aren't ready for the party to end. Between the still-flowing drinks (7am gin and tonic, ... only in vegas), the lights, the awesome hip hop/house blend music, we were going strong until 8am. When we left, the sun was blinding, and there were still plenty of people tearing it up on the dance floor. That's just insane.
5	WOW! The after hours spot to be at! Good music, fun people and definitely really nice staff. I loved that it was down stairs and it kind of hide a nice mysterious twist through it!!! I like! I'll definitely revisit when I'm back in town!
1	So sad in this day and age people are still so racist.  The thing is folks aren't as "in your face" with it!!! I went to Drai's after hours for a night of fun with my Husband and three girlfriends.  Instead of being impressed by the 'fun night life' I was more embarrassed that I had EVER patronized this establishment.We arrive around 3am this past Labor Day w/e Sunday in the early AM.  At the door we were greeted by two twins who proceeded to look through us.  Finally we get one's attention that proceeds to tell my Husband he has to give him something (just in order to get in the line to pay downstairs).  Okay, so I don't have sun kissed hair... (and blue eyes) but I am a beauty in my own right (not trying to toot my own horn... just want to paint the picture).  Anyway, we pay the guy $50 bucks (as he let's all the fair skin folks in) to let us downstairs ... when I hear one of 'said' twins state that they want a certain color in tonight (and black wasn't it).  Ok, so back to the night!  Upon entering we here techno and house music in one room and hip hop in the other.  We opt to enter the hip hop room where we are promptly stopped and told we need to purchase bottle service to enter.  Okay at this point my husband "LOSES IT".  You're charging US to listen to hip hop ... but not techno!!!!  Come on and have out with what you're really trying to do!!! Mind you four white guys walk right in (without having to pay for bottle service).This club discriminated against us so blatantly it was ridiculous!!!!!!  Any black person who supports this modern day racism needs their head examined.  I won't even mention that when I went to the bar to order a drink the bartender told me a min of $50 tab (while she was ringing up two white girls next to me with tabs under $50)...  I could go on and on and on!!! But I'll leave it at this!!!!!  Drai's is NOT a place that I would EVER give my business too... and neither should YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I was there for the Labour Day long weekend and I have to say it was a surprise!  The place itself is kept immaculately.  I have never seen such service where staff are hired specifically to clean up a drop of water or sweat the millisecond it touches the dancefloor.  It was surprising because you do not see that anywhere in Toronto.  The men and women are all dressed in a respectable uniform as are the many security men that are seen everywhere.  So, no funny business or giant men in suits will have you wisked away immediately (and saw a few people exit that way)!The music was amazing!  We got there around 3:30 am and the place was just getting warmed up.  Special shout-outs to Chris and Fabian ending out that last few hours of the night.  Fantastic house beats:) It was great talking to you Chris:) The only downfall of the place are the very rude locals who do not like outsiders.  The worst being are the women who dress and dance like w@#res who do not like other ladies showing them up.  The most immature was throwing water on my friend 3 times because she was a phenomenal dancer.  So stupid!  The friendliest people we met were people from out of town which, like I said, comprise a small percentage of the crowd (spoke to staff to confirm this fact). So if you go, best with a group and have a blast!I would recommend this place if you want to keep partying until the sun rises and hear awesome music in a fabulously clean and roomy venue.
3	Short Review:- There is a line so best come with people who work for the industry- Cover Charge I forgot how much but I'm guessing $40?- It's underground and they play your typical house/dance music- All I see is black and red lightsI walk out of here mad drunk every time so if you want a real review of this place skip mine and proceed to read below.
4	At about 3:30am, bf and I head over to Drai's which is located in Bill's Gambling Hall. Quite a line, so we did what others wouldn't do and got in without waiting! I believe 20 for gals and 30 for boys.Very dim-lit red inside. I felt vampire-ish haha. It's underground, and it's pretty poppin' up in there! They play some good music. It's danceable! Unlike some other clubs in Vegas. It's not that big, so don't expect a huge place. But, it's very comfy :] . I felt like it was more of a mature crowd (which I like). Bf and I were dancing for forever. Btw, they stay open till 9:00am. We didn't leave till about mm 6:15 or so. Bathrooms are nice..and the ladies who hand you paper towels are even nicer! This will be a place to definitely come back to while in Vegas.
5	i love coming here!!! things get weird fast!!! REALLY WEIRD!!!! LOL house music and weirdness!!! funtimes!!!!
5	Love the vibe and atmosphere! The music is always awesome every time I go there. It's really crazy to come out of that club b/c you feel like a vampire, the sun is shining in your eyes b/c its like 10am. I was there last year the night after New Years. We had amazing service. The prices were much better on tables than in some clubs in LA. I heard it is kind of hard to get in there b/c that's the only after hour club, so everyone tries to rush in there. Make sure you make some connections before you go or come before the club gets too packed, especially if you are a guy.
3	$30 for dudes, $20 for females if you aren't on the list. Thank goodness, I was able to talk my way into getting all of us in through one of my hooks who came thru last minute. Spot is mostly hip hop but everyone was pretty much cracked out, or tryna sober up. Was there for a few and rolled out. Something to experience, but not all the time. I like the one in LA better.
4	I was there a long time ago for an after-hours, maybe 6-7 years ago. They had some good dj's playing house and progressive trance. Lines were long. Took over 30 minutes to get in.
4	$20 cover.. great place to come if you want to keep the party going... Especially great place to go if its all girls... drinks are very very pricey here... so guys be ready to empty your wallets... Theres a hip hop room and a trance room where you can go back and forth from...Sometimes when it gets too crowded, they limit those (guys) from entering the hip hop rooms unless you have bottle service... This place opens at 330 til the sun comes out... normally the line starts forming around 3... and people waiting around will gamble or drink at the bar (which is smarter and cheaper)  they'll normally hold the lines if its all guys, but if your a group of girls, just work your way to the front and let the bouncer know.. and you'll be in.. you may have to still pay the $20 but atleast you're not stuck in line..
5	Best after-hours spot I've ever been too. There is a line but I think everywhere in Vegas has a line when your not a local or ballin out of control. Its Vegas people, everyone is here to party. Riding the elevator down to what feels like the basement is pretty awesome and it sets a certain mood upon entering the spot. I didn't really see any spectacular lights but the music was good, loud, clear and I was able to move around and dance freely.  I left and the sun came up as I was walking back to my resort. It was amazing and I will return every time I go to Vegas.
4	Are you still energized at 6, 7, 8 am? This is the spot to be! The only complaint I had is the fact we were with someone that had a table & had to wait forever for them to go verify that. The club is house music - dub step in the front and hip hop in the back. The sections are kind of small, but the crowd is good. They are pretty exclusive so you will have a lot of fun inside! My friend a s I rotated between the two rooms and had sooo much fun I don't think we left until 10 or 11 am, can't remember we were having too much fun!
4	nice upscale after hours spot..    get ur swerve on!!
5	New location. Neat!
5	I heard they moved to Bally's but this is my go-to real late night clubbing.  A must see if you are still up for dancing.
1	If I could give this place a negative stars, I would. I witnessed blatant prejudice, discrimination and slight racism. I never got any eye contact from "Brian" and was treated with disregard for an entire 30 minutes. During this time of disgrace, I personally witnessed the bouncers tell ppl they had to get bottle service to get in (aren't attractive enough)  and the best? Informing an inter racial couple (female) she can't get in because she was with a guy who had cornrows. Oh interesting. I might not be a super model, high class escort or name drop out here but I wish I could drop "Brian " and his bouncers with their prejudicial ways off a cliff, discriminating, demeaning, insensitive nobodies!
5	Always a good time. Has a house and hip hop music room. Doesn't get busy til later on. You can sit at the tables that aren't being used, without purchasing bottle service. Security is actually nice. I don't think we were searched at entry, like most Vegas clubs do now. New location is awesome, same vibe as the old one.
5	No trip to Vegas is complete without Drais!
3	Got there around 3:30 AM because we got to Vegas late, had dinner, etc. So we get there right, there's a line of course, but we figure this is going to be one of those lines where the tall and flashy get in. Then there's my group- normal people. Anyways we somehow get in with the luck of the irish, spend about $50 for entrance fee, and on our way. Place is small. Music was bleh, drinks were bleh, and everyone there about a bleh too. I would recommend this place only if you missed your chance at the other clubs.
4	I have been a Vegas regular for 20 years and I have never liked Drais. I usually got there after partying at another club and was burnt out. This time out we went there first. It was awesome. They played the best hip hop next to the Blue Martini on Wednesday nights. The bouncers were cool. Unfortunately some idiot made them do there job when he got into an actual fight with a girl. We kicked it until 630 AM. I had to stop because my blood was turning into vodka. Good job Drais.
4	This Friday night in Vegas, I finally experienced the newly re-opened Drais at Bally's after we left Marquee. Although it is a bit smaller than the older location, I think it's much nicer. Great DJ, kept the crowd going entire time we were there (5 am till 7 am). Door staff was very nice, probably my only complaint was the bottle service. We had a table right next to the dj booth and could hardly find our waitress or any waitress for that matter. When she finally brought our first bottle, she didn't even pour everyone at our table at the time a drink...which was only 5 people. Great place to hit for after hours after your next Vegas club experience.
4	No matter how busy it is always I always get taken care of at the door. Great staff, drais is always busy wait your turn be patient. Decently priced drinks, I personally prefered the original location over the Ballys spot but its good times.
5	Went after Halloween party at Surrender. Group of us 3 girls and 1 guy. Promoter immediately spotted us and comped a table and bottle. The back room is bigger but plays hiphop which isn't really our scene. The front room was playing aaaaamazing funky deep house- perfect for partying until 7am when we left. Drinks were only $12 (ordered one from the front bar since I didn't feel like vodka). People were beautiful, dancing and having fun. Great after hours experience
4	I had never been to Drai's before because I am a normal person who likes to sleep. However, I went with co-workers this past Sunday night and was pleasantly surprised. I was not expecting much from a spot at Bally's of all places but this was pretty cool. Doors didn't open till around 2:30am but the party really didn't get going till about 4:30am. It died out fairly quickly however but that may have been account of it being Sunday going into Monday. Part of me wonders if they should just be a Friday-Saturday spot for afterhours. Anyway, the decor and layout is pretty cool. It's a small venue but seeing as it's "temporary" that wasn't surprising. I may have to make more of an effort to go to Afterhours again when they move into the new (original) location across the street at the un-named Caesars property.
5	I was worried when I was told that we were going to Drais. I was told it was very ghetto and someone always ended up fighting there.  We showed up and our group of 6 were let in free and the guys paid $20 each and the 3 girls got let in free. The doorman (or promoter) gave us 6 drinks for free. Which made up for the guys entrance fee basically.  We arrived pretty early so we were able to have plenty of room to dance for a while. The reserved tables were all booked do if you want bottle service you want to set that up before you make the trip to vegas. They have two different rooms but I spent my time in the hip hop room.  Once the club starting filling up we were still able to move around a bit and dance. ..which is refreshing since most clubs don't allow you to do so. My feet started killing me so I started leaning on a section of a reserved table that didn't have guests at that moment.  A female security gaurd was kind enough to let me sit in the booth. So a few of my friends sat with me for a bit. When it was time to go we walked out and completed our bight by gambling in the casino.
5	Staff was very courteous, we were there for a private Super Bowl party. It was all catered and very nice although the game sucked ;)
5	I'm from LA and seriously wish we had a place like drais to go to after clubs. All the clubs in LA end early and all we wanna do is to keep partying. Drais afterhours in vegas is the perfect spot. At first i was skeptical about it but i loved it and going to drais is a must every time im in vegas. I feel like i have way more fun at drais than most of the major clubs. The atmosphere, the music, and the crowd are all that u could ask for in a club. Its not too small, not too big...but just perfect to keep the party going and have a good time. All the workers are very helpful and nice. I definitely recommend going to drais to all my friends when they go to vegas.
5	Ever feel like the club ends to early and you just want to party the night away? That's what I go to Drai's for. If only the Drai's in Hollywood could have been the same. The music is great with two separate rooms one hip hop and one EDM, house, trance ish. Aside from great music and late hours their bottle service waitresses are awesome. Drai's is always a must stop when visiting Vegas. I even make it a point to not go out til after midnight just so I can end the night at Drai's.
5	Pretty much the spot to be once the Vegas clubs start to slow and you want to keep the party going. Right now they are at a temporary location at Bally's with a house & hip hop room to choose from but the new setup later this year is going to be phenomenal! It will actually be a regular club, pool party during the days, and of course still the best after hours venue in the city of sin. There is usually a cover charge if you aren't getting bottle service, but if you have a decent group, bottle service is the way to go as their prices are cheaper than most of the major clubs.
5	Whenever I am in Vegas I end up going to Drai's Afterhours after a night out with my girlfriends. I am not someone that likes after-hours or after-parties in general but I love the vibe at Drai's and I always have the best time.Getting into Drai's is always hassle-free due to the friendly and approachable hosts standing outside. Inside, the atmosphere of the venue is always energetic and you can't help but want to keep partying. As someone that enjoys all kinds of music, I particularly appreciate that I have a choice of being in the Hip Hop or House room -- sometimes even both. On Sundays they switch it up with Trap music and the DJ is always a crowd-pleaser. Although there are two bars, I recommend reserving a table with your friends because you may want to sit down from time-to-time as the night goes on. The bottle service staff are really cool and you never have to wait long periods of time for your refills/drinks/bottles. I'm from Toronto/LA and I wish there were a place like this where I live. I definitely recommend going to Drai's Afterhours if you haven't already. Great location to keep your night out in Vegas going.
4	I went to Drai's Afterhours this past weekend. I probably got there around 2 AM. There were a crowd of people surrounding the entrance. I had no idea how to get inside because there wasn't really a line. I was a bit confused until i asked the rope guy if there was a cover charge. He told me that girls are $20 and guys are $35. I was a bit annoyed that there was even a cover charge for girls but it made sense because i had a huge group of guys with me. When i got inside I was so excited to hear that they have a hip hop room. I was so sick of EDM towards the end of the night. It was a good change of pace. Anyways the drinks were decently priced and lets just say I did not black out but the sun was out when I left. By far my favorite place for after hours. If the nights still young why not right?! Definitely going to come back!!
4	I had been to Drai's Afterhours a couple years back and on a recent weekend trip to vegas my friends and I decided to check it out again! I was initially a little skeptical and not sure of what to expect on our return after 2 years, but it certainly did not disappoint.  When it gets to that point where a part of you is starting to feel a little tired, but the other part just doesn't want the night to end just yet, this is the place you want and need to be at.  The atmosphere, music, and a like-minded crowd that you will find here is exactly what it takes to keep the high energy party going until the wee hours of the morning.
5	If you come party in vegas, you must go to Drais After Hours!! Thursday is house music, Friday and Saturday both rooms are open, one room house and one room hip hop!!! (Hip hop is so fun) Sunday the back room is open and they play house and hip hop! Whatever night u pick is always a blast and the best way to keep your party going! Happy after hours!!! Be safe!
5	My group of friends & I headed over to AfterHours after we left Hakkasan. We came at about 2:30am and there were many people since we were staying at Bally's, we left came back around 3:30am & there was a lot of people waiting to get in. it was a Monday & it was already over capacity around 4am. We had to pay about $20 for girls & $35 for each guy in our party. It was a really great venue that was just the right size. They were playing really good house music in one area as well as hip hop in another. This was probably my favorite part of my weekend Vegas trip because the music was so good. My friends & I had so much fun in there and ended up staying around 6am even though it closes around 9am. I was surprised that it was so packed but it was a great way to end the night. If you're looking for somewhere to go at the end of the night this is definitely a really good after hours spot. They're moving this venue back to its original location at the Cromwell. I'm definitely coming back to Vegas to check it out!
4	This is definitely the place for after hours! It's hot and sweaty and everyone is already fucked up from the club they just left! They have a hip hop room in the back and in the front they have a Dj set up and house music and bottle service available.The entrance line can get a little long and crazy so it's good to know people to skip all the BS!
5	Drais is a must for me each time I hit up Vegas. I can go to the hip hop room or listen to edm depending on my mood. The girls there are always good looking. Parking is easy since there's a structure but if we get wasted the cab line is never long. Gotta check it out!
5	Bottle service here is be best. Drai's after hours gets packed so it's nice to bypass the lines and have a place to sit. The people who work here are always helpful in getting me settled in. There's never a boring moment!
5	Great after hours spot.  We live just down the road so this is the ideal place.  When you're done at the club definitely hit up Drai's.
5	Drais is always the happening spot when all the other clubs close. The hip-hop room never disappoints, especially after a night packed with EDM.Always good vibes when I go there. The people are easy to talk to and looking to have a good time. The line is a bit long but it's worth the wait to get in and continue the party with your friends.Be prepared to see the sun rise when you leave. When that happens, you know you've had a great night in Vegas.
5	Went out last night to enjoy my spring break weekend and decided to come here since the group I was with wanted to check it out.  I wasn't too sure what to expect since it's not the newest club. Also this was my first time at an after hours club.  The girls got in for free of course.  (being a girl in Vegas is quite nice.)We had a blast!  The place had a classy sexy feel to it. They had two rooms, one for Hip Hop, and the other for EDM.  I enjoyed them both. The crowd was a fun mature bunch. It was just great. TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?!? Lol!! Will definitely be back.  =))
5	Love this spot!! Ordering from the bar is easy and they pour heavy on the drinks so you get your money's worth. They always have good songs in the hip hop room which is where I like to spend most of my time. It never gets too packed there to the point where you can't move. Coming back again soon!
5	I've come here a couple of times already and I have to say it never disappoints. I love the red and black theme..classy! People are always nice. Great for small and large groups. Bottle service is decently priced if you need to split it.
5	If you ever go to Vegas, Drais after hours is a must. Girls are free on guestlist!! It's non-stop raging to really good edm or hip hop music. People there are always so nice inviting us to their tables. Beautiful decor that screams classy everywhere you turn. Be prepared to dance the night away
5	Ive lived in Vegas for 4 years now, Drais is pretty much the best option if you're looking to party all night into the morning. I get pretty drained but its definitely fun. Theres a couple other after-hours spots but the girls here are hotter lol
5	Drais, the love/hate relationship. LOVE being inside to keep the party going when everything else is closed. And you HATE walking out into bright sunlight like a vampire because you completely lost track of time while you were in there. Haha if you want a full Vegas experience and to be out until the sun comes up this is the place to go. It is spacious and the dance floor is big. And the crowd is pretty good and mixed. They usually play some deeper house so it's good to tone it down a bit after a night of fist pumping at some other club. In Vegas half my friends poop out, and the other half still wants to keep going. If that's the case we always come here.
5	I love love love drais! but i also hate this place too.. the only reason being because by the time i leave the place, I see the sun already. it's definitely a fun spot to check out after leaving the other places though. the crowd here is always fun and there's a good mix of people too. as for the music, i love that they play house music and hip hop too! you can't go wrong with drais ;)
5	I've been going to Vegas for awhile now but just started going to Drai's afterhours the last 2 years after a friend took me. I have to say the vibe is great. I am never disappointed coming here. Last time I was here was a week ago. I preferred the hip hop room since it was more packed. The best part is taking a cab home after with minimal to no wait unlike other hotels. Crowd is really fun. I love good vibes! No one was rude or pushy on the dance floor. I'm a night owl so this place is ideal.
5	The perfect remedy when I want to sleep til midnight and get ready to go out since they open at 2am. The hip hop room is heaven since most clubs play edm now. The lines are decent for such a popular venue. Can't wait til the original location reopens!!! Back to old stomping grounds!!!
5	There isn't any party like a Drai's after hours party in Las Vegas. It is a very unique experience with an awesome atmosphere. Tucked away at Bally's, it's right by Bellagio and Cosmo.   The vibe is always mellow and the people come from all different clubs on the strip after they close.   Considering Drai's opens til 9am you can party til the sun rises. It's a pretty cool experience to come outside and have the sun shining on you. There's a good view of the new Ferris wheel outside as well.
5	Drais Afterhours is so fun. I like how they moved to Bally's. Everyone is cool and the atmosphere is awesome.
5	This is the club to go to after all those other clubs are closed. Usually, when I'm with my girls, we love to stay out until the sun rise. Most clubs are closed by 3 or you want a change venues, I would definitely pick this place. The music is great here. I highly recommend this place if you want to keep partying until morning.
5	I've never been into after hours clubs but I was really impressed with Drais. I can't wait to see the new location, now that it's going to be a day club and nightclub! The service at Drais was amazing. Our server was very attentive and of course beautiful. I believe her name was Tracy? She was extremely friendly, confident and knew how to take care of us. Always checked up on us and made sure we were good. She definitely made our first Drais experience a memorable one. My friends and I will for sure be returning! We'll definitely have to request Tracy again! :) I love that there are separate rooms, with different music playing. Sometimes EDM can be overwhelming, so I appreciate that there was hip hop in the next room. I like the decor as well, dark and sexy. The management also seemed very well organized, which I appreciate. Clubs are always so hectic, so seeing how well ran Drais was made a good impression. My entire party experience at Drais was awesome! Like I said, I can't wait to see the new location. We will most definitely be returning this summer! For day club and nightclub! :)
5	Drais after hours at Bally's is a great hang out spot if you don't want to stop partying. I like to go here after clubs like XS, Hakkasan, Surrender close at 4am. I always use the free girl glist and I go with a good group of girls. We like switching between the hip hop room and EDM. My favorite part is the taxi line since there's never a wait. I usually leave around 6-7am.  Diverse, friendly crowd.This place is 21 and over.
5	*LATE POST* From previous trip...I discovered Drai's after hours recently after a friend told me about it. We got there around 3am but got in quick because the line moved along. Once I got in it was surprisingly a hip place. Spacious venue with 2 rooms to choose from. I ordered from the bar and the prices are decent. Would recommend this place to anyone looking to keep the night going. I heard the Cromwell will be bomb once it opens with the remodeled version.  Music is hip hop in one room and EDM in the other. Kept the night going as I bounced back and forth.  The guys and I had such a blast because it was late but we still want party. Will be back for our next trip.. New Favorite late night spot.
5	I never want to go back to the room after the club so I love to go to Drai's after hours. The old location is being renovated but the temporary location at Bally's has the same decor. There's 2 rooms to choose from hip hop or edm so I never get bored. Girl guestlist is the best if you know the right people.
5	I've been going here for years and it's no surprise it's the happening spot. There's free girl glist so it's a no brainer to come here after all the clubs are closed.You can either park in the structure or taxi it. Walk is about 3-5 minutes to the venue. Cab lines are short. Venue is very beautifully decorated and ambiance is amazing. There are 2 rooms: edm and hip hop to dance the night away in. Restroom lines are a bit long but moves quickly.
4	I've visited Drais a few times over the years and I'm glad that it's gotten better since it moved to Ballys.... I can honestly say that it's my fave Vegas nite club at this point & actually kicks the butt of plenty LA clubs including its own club in LA... so what do you get when you combine a mixed sexy crowd, lots of alcohol, and a good hip hop room that plays hit after hit?! You get smiling amnesia as you walk out at 8 am with the sun laughing at your ass lol... but let's be clear ladies, most of you will have to pay that $20 cover to get in unless u know someone and gents you already know ;)
5	Drai's is always my go to spot. I come to Vegas every month and love the fact the city never sleeps. Doors open at 1am and close at 9am. Free girl Guestlist. Just let one of the doorman know you're name and how many girls you are with. Parking is plentiful via a nearby parking structure. Otherwise taxi and valet is a 5 minute walk. Ambience is very nice. Venue is a red theme and luxuriously decorated. Drinks are average priced. You get the most bang for your buck. Music is EDM and HIP HOP so you can bounce back between both rooms.
5	I love coming here after a long night of partying. I'm from Cali so I'm used to everything closing at 2am. In Vegas it's a party 24/7. I can always find a variety of places to go to. After hours is always there when I need it. Admission isn't much to party until the sun comes up. The people are fun and easy to talk to. The security is chill and the guys who work the door are cool as long as you aren't rude. I never have any issues getting in unlike some other people. I'm a hip hop type of person so the second room is my go to place. Make sure to grab some mints on the way out. There's a giant bucket of them. Head out there next time you are in town!
5	No place like this back at home. It's in a league of it's own when it comes to after hours. Where I come from everything closes at 2am. You have so many options in Vegas 24/7. Other places like Artisan do not hold a candle to this place. Always packed but worth thr wait. The scene is so hip even my friends from the east coast know about Drais. No need to tip the security, just be patient and they will let you in. Can't wait until the old location opens back up again later this year.
5	I work the night shifts so I don't really sleep until the day time. After hours is the perfect place to be. Fits my lifestyle. The vibe is pretty kick back. So easy to strike up conversations and listen to music. Place doesn't close til 9am so it really draws in a different crowd which I like. Hot women everywhere. Can't complain about paying when that's the case. Always eye candy
5	Sin City is always a crazy good time and Drais is no different. I come here around 3am after leaving XS, Light, Hakkasan. I'm a guy so I understand I gotta pay to play. Don't mind paying the cover charge as long as I know I'm gonna have fun. It is at Bally's instead of the old Bill's casino since the building is going under renovation. I heard the new one will be opening soon. I prefer the edm room over the hip hop one but it really is just preference. Chick to dude ratio is pretty even. A must on your bucket list if you have never done an after hours. I recently brought some friends here and they agreed it was unlike anything else from California.
5	Drai's afterhours is one of my favorite spots to visit when I come to Vegas. I can party all night to some of the hottest songs. Compared to the other spots it is hands down the best. Music is EDM/hip hop. Never a dull moment on the dance floor. Plenty of parking and the venue is a 5 minute walk from the structure. Crowd is diverse. Everyone is friendly.
4	This was the first time I'd visited Drai's AfterHours since it moved from Bill's Casino. The set up was pretty much the same, minus the dark stairwell to enter. It still has that dark, sultry feel to it, which is part of the appeal. The front room is EDM/house music, and the back room was hip hop. I don't even know what time this place closes- my friends said that they stayed till about 8am! At the time we visited, the EDM room was pretty empty, but the hip hop room was definitely full and jumping! The DJ was great and kept everyone dancing. The line was crazy when we arrived at 3, and when I left at 5:00 (I couldn't keep going with my friends), it was even crazier! I had made a promise to myself that I was going to beat the sun home, and even though it was light outside when I pulled into the garage, the sun wasn't out- so I win!
1	So I tried going to Drais MDW. That was a fail. I shall literally break it down.It was after midnight Saturday night when I text the promoter Kim Paul, asking him the price for entry that night. $30 for men, $20 for women is what he said. So awesome. We were set to go. Everything else that night was over $100 for men.We reach the cashier. Chelse, blonde, thin, early 20s. My girlfriend pays $20 cash for herself. Left is me, 1 other girlfriend and her boyfriend. I was going to pay with my card and they were going to give me the cash. So she rings me up for a total of $70. Sounds right: 20 + 20 + 30.No. She says "now what about her?" (Referring to my friend right beside me). I said "yeah, $20, $20, $30." N she looks at me like I'm stupid. "No it was never $30 for men. It was actually $40 and that was before guestlist which closed at midnight so it's $50." I tell her "the promoter Kim Paul just told me it was $30. So I want my money back." She says "sorry, there are no refunds" all super bitchy like she owns the place. Lol. So I said "ok well bring me a manager on duty." She says "sure."Comes back with another doofus and after I explained the situation, he said nothing. Just went to tapping on the screen. After 10 minutes, I get a "void check testing admission" receipt but total said $0.00. I ignored it and left assuming he should've known what he was doing. I'll check my account tomorrow. Silly me.So here I am back in California calling everyday asking for a manager. On Monday I was able to reach Victor Drai's assistant. Woman. Don't recall her name. She took my name and phone number and also check number from my receipt. Of course they aren't going to call me back, so I call once a day asking for Victor Drai not knowing he was the owner. Just hoping it was the person who would post void the transaction already.Well he was not happy to hear from me. He answers with his strong Moroccan egotistical accent "how the fuck did you get my number" and "what the fuck do you want" and "give me your fucking number my assistant will help you, not me." So I say "well she's the reason why I call asking for you because she was not able to help me." He says "you're making that up" and again "I'm not going to help you. Give me your number. Do you want to be fucking helped or not!?" I respond with a "Wow you are ridiculous" and he clicks.I call back and finally a normal person answers and asks how did I get Victor's number. I simply said I didn't. They transfer me when I ask for him. So he new guy gives me the general manager's email so they can help me. I pray to God this is the end of it.By far the worst customer service experience ever.
1	I was playing pai gow at the Cromwell and my husband and three of my friends (who are all Caesar's Corporation employees) are ready to go up to Drai's. The table I happen to be playing at was directly in front of Drai's entrance. So hubby and friends are waiting on me.Max, the doorman at Drai's says Caesar's employees are free to go upstairs and asks to see our employee cards. Unfortunately, one of us did not have her employee card on her but said she would pay the $20 fee. Okay, fair enough but, Max rudely interrupts all of us and says it'll be $20 each. I'm not quite sure why he changed his mind so fast? So I interject and said, you just told us it was free if we have our employee cards. He again, says $20 each. We decided this was complete BS for him to renege and decided to go elsewhere. I still had to cash out my chips and was so upset about all of this that I decided to tell the cashier who was very helpful. I also went back to Max and asked for his full name. He said "just Max." LOL what a coward! Before we left, I told him he was very rude.The icing on the cake was, later that morning (6am'ish) my friends said they were in the parking garage elevator at the Flamingo and Max was about to enter. He recognized my friends and didn't say anything and just walked away. No salutation, no apology, no nothing.  What a rude coward!Synopsis: Drai's lost out on five guests, four of which were women = $$$ revenue for Drai's. All because of Max. If he speaks this way to most of Cromwell's guests, I'm sure Drai's is losing a lot of $$$.
5	This is the place to go when the clubs are closing and you're not ready for the party to end. Awesome party spot and it stays open until 10 am. Music is great and so are the drinks. They do bottle service just like the rest the clubs and the service was great. Located in the downstairs of the Cromwell which is central to all of the major strip hotels so it's super convenient to get to no matter what club you were partying at beforehand.
5	Was here Sun/29 Jun approx 2 am:- Line was short so it was quick admission.  Line seemed to get long about 3 am.  Place is open 1 am - 9 am according to Yelp.- Free cover for military personnel.  Normally $30/gentleman, $20/lady.- If you like The Cromwell casino, you'll like Drai's After Hours (and also their rooftop Drai's Nightclub) which has similar decore (UK English, dark reds, etc).- Primary area is EDM, secondary room/area is hip-hop music.  Both pretty fun to dance to.- Easy to navigate, not a maze like Hakasan or Marquee.- $10 for a Coke, $12 for a Jack & Coke.- All the staff seemed pretty cool: bouncers at the door, security inside, servers, bartenders...- Currently my favorite Vegas nightclub b/c of the pricing (admission and drinks), it's location (I really like The Cromwell), it's layout, the friendly staff, and it's open until 9 am.
2	Was there Saturday, 6/28.  Worst DJ I've heard in years.  Security staff was very nice, but waitresses only interested in the parties of guys flashing their credit cards.  We had a private table and were basically ignored by her most of the night.Oh- and $55 for water?  That's why I love CA- they are required by law to give you free water!
5	U.S.A. you were born to rage, so come on!Hawaiian shirts, express shirts, t-shirts, hoodies, jean shorts, chuck taylors, flats - no problem. Drai's After Hours has to be the most casual club that I've ever been to. Don't get me wrong, I saw some sharp outfits that night, but frumpy casual attire was the theme. It starts getting lively at around 3:30am and it starts to die out at around 7am. Trust me, you don't want to be that fool leaving at 8-9am. It's such a trip leaving the dark and red basement club and taking the elevator up to exit. Right when the elevator doors open you're struck with bright sunshine and lights. Then you think to yourself, OMG we've been partying all night! What time is it? No really. Wait...What day is it? Lol. Wow.The staff, (for the most part) were on top of their game here! All of the bouncers we interacted with were helpful and professional. I watched the security and ushers patrolling the club, scan continually for people that couldn't hang and they were on top of it - they were also professional and not at all rude. Also the bussers worked crazy hard all night - wiping, cleaning, and mopping up any spills instantly. I rarely see clubs put that much effort into keeping the club pristine during the event. Plus the bottle service girls were sweet and friendly. They didn't make us feel pressured to buy anything, just kept checking on us to make sure we were good.Though, I can't speak for the bartenders behind the bar, a lot of them were bitchy. Some bartenders offered us free iced waters in glass cups, but when we asked for water for our DD, a few bartenders bitched about it, trying to force us to buy bottled waters for $5. No thanks lady. No tip for you. My favorite part about this club is the ample amount of comfy seating. It's first come first serve, but you can sit at any of the bottle service plush leather couches (all night) until someone buys the table. Also, the restroom attendant has anything you can think of ever needing in the club: Altoids, gum, all brands of perfume, body spray, new hair ties, seriously everything (perfect for those that have been out all night partying, girl, refresh yoself!) - Just be sure to tip her.I'll let you in on a little secret. The pros weigh out all of the cons here. This place is perfect for the serious night owl. Pros;- Cheap cover- $20 women $30 men- Located in the basement of the swanky Cromwell Casino and Boutique Hotel (we call it a mini Cosmopolitan) - Casual attire - Ins and outs- Well ventilated- they crank that A.C. up on full blast in there- No wait for the women's bathrooms- Staff are on top of keeping it clean and pristine- Very comfy plush leather seats- Perfect for big groups of friends - Intimate environment  - Very diverse crowd- 2 rooms: hip hop room (top 40 remixes, underground) and EDM house room (DJ did a really good job keeping up the energy all night) - Quality bass sound system throughout the club - Friendly bouncers/ staff - Lively all the way up until 7am! :xCons; - $5 waters, $10 coke, $10 beers- Red lighting throughout was a little rough on the eyes- Underground basement and not that spacious.- No cell phone service- make sure to connect to the Cromwell free Wi-Fi- Bottle Service Tables take up most of the club - so barely any room to dance
5	Situated at its original location inside the former Bill's Gamblin' Hall and Saloon.  Just a heads-up, this isn't the same as the rooftop club especially since they have separate means of entry.  This one's underground which can be a little daunting to walk out of afterwards due to the bright sunlight beaming right at you.  No line so people are usually chaotically scattered around the entrance.  This is one of those places where actually knowing someone will help you get behind the ropes.  You can, however, get your Benjamins do the talking and get the bouncers' attention.  If you think that'll get you straight through the dance floor, then you're mistaken as everybody, even locals, has to pay for cover charge: $20/ladies and $30/gentlemen.This place is usually packed mostly with the crowd from the club upstairs as they desperately survey the dance floor to see who they can persuade to take home for the night.  After that, it gets really weird so make sure you're somewhat inebriated before walking in.  Drinks are actually quite stiff but priced like any others along the strip.  If you need more than liquor to keep the night going, there are usually people going around selling "illicit substances."  With that being said, DO NOT LEAVE YOUR DRINK UNATTENDED as I've seen shady people drop things on random people's booze.Overall, Drai's After Hours is definitely the best lounge in the valley to keep the party going.  This is a must especially for those visiting Las Vegas for the weekend.  Two different rooms with house in one and hip-hop at the other.  Remember to be safe and enjoy the great ambiance.
4	Its 1AM or beyond and you're still drunk.  You're ready to party, find more adventures, but get shuffled out of the club you're in. Where do you go?  Drai's After Hours is definitely one option.  First off, Drai's After Hours is not the same as Drai's Nightclub.  The After Hours location is actually in an elevator that leads below the Cromwell.  Look for it near the front entrance of the Cromwell.  Without being on the guestlist, it is $20 for girls and $30 for guys - at least on the Friday I went.  The club opens at 1AM and closes...around 10-11AM depending on the crowd/mood.  So when you come, unless you want to look at the decor and have a really chill talk with your friend or the bartender/staff, come around 2:30AM-3:30AM as its very, very quiet before.  Beware though as the closer you come around that period - the longer that line becomes.  Once it hits that time though, the place is pretty active.  There are two sections - a house music section and a hip-hop section.  The house music is what you'll see first most likely while the hip-hop section is down near the restrooms.  Funny enough, the hip hop section was busier (and eventually closed off to guys) as the night went on.  The decor is quite different and cool.  For a first-timer, I was quite surprised - everything has a very dark red hue with lamps and a library feel.  The crowd is also very different - you'll get a mix of veterans that frequent the place as well as very drunk (but mostly friendly) clientele - each with their own funny story for why they're down there.  The bartenders are also super cool (drinks are normally priced - around $10+ for most drinks). The atmosphere is so different from the other Vegas nightclubs as the night wears on but again, if you're that party animal or just wanting to people watch and see something a bit different, the After Hours club is definitely interesting for any Vegas-goers.
1	Had such a horrible experience that I'm doing a Yelp review...ON A CLUB. Since the relocation, because it's now in The Cromwell, it's become the "it spot" because it's pretty much the only club to go to after any of the "regular clubs" are closed. We went to Vegas the last week of July for my boyfriend's birthday, which wasn't a holiday specific weekend. After clubbing at Hakkasan we decided to go to this After Hours location because we wanted to see how good it was. When we arrived at the hotel and walked to the location of where the line started..IT WAS PACKED, and very unorganized. My friend's did not want to wait so they "speed passed" through the line which was in my personal experience SUPER expensive for 10 people, let's just say it was more than one bill. Then when we "speed passed" through the line we still had to pay for the cover. The girls were free, but the guys had to pay $30 each...ok fine.The part that really upset me was when we tried to get into the hip-hop room they would not let us in. We did not understand why and when my friend gave the bouncer some cash he only let him and then the girls in my group go through and not everyone else, meaning my boyfriend and our other 5 guy friends were still behind the rope! We ended up leaving the club because that place is a complete bust! We found out later that in order to get into the hip-hop room you basically have to buy at table, which I think is lame because they're trying to just make more money off people. Tables are priced in the thousands, why should you have to pay more just to dance in a certain room?! My group said that the old Drai's After Hours was better because the club was more laid back, but now it just sucks and all they care about it profit. I have never been to the old one, but I definitely won't be coming back to their new one. SAVE YOURSELF SOME MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
4	The best underground house music by far between Vegas, LA, and San Diego. Now if they would only get rid of the hip hop room, this club would be the best and I would rate it 5 stars. The only place I have found that has Ibiza style music...thank god!
5	To the point; FAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR better music than the actual Drai's club. It's definitely small but man, if you're playing Too Short or Ma$e, I'm down.
4	I loveee Drai's, the music they play here is alot funner to dance to compared to Artisan ( the other after hours club) My friends and I came here around 4:30am on a Thursday night, and there were about 20 ppl waiting to get inside, the line situation was a bit confusing but being girls we just kinda walked right in, Girls are usually $20, and Guys are $30, but I am sure that there are some kind of guestlist you could get on. I would not pay that much for this club because they don't usually bring in any top DJs. The interior is red and black and plenty of dark corners for people to sneak into, they also had another smaller room with tables available but it wasn't open that night.The DJ played a great mix of hip hop, R&B, all music that was great to dance to, sometimes you do get sick of EDM. Drink prices are the usual Vegas prices. The crowd also had a great mix of people, we ended up staying till 6..You should definitely come here if the club you were at has closed, and you still have the urge to party.   I'd suggest you to put yourself on the guestlist beforehand just in case so you don't have to pay the cover charge though.
3	Getting woken up at 5am to go to a club is different so i got up quick showered and headed here with 5 other guys. $30 for guys, and $20 for girls..unless you know someone. Anyways theres a big room playing edm and then theres a separate room playing hip-hop (yes!) but we were told we had to pay an extra $20...wtf... thank goodness one of the boys flirted with a cocktail waitress and she got us in easily...i guess we could've waited 20 min because they got rid of the ropes! You see all types of people in vegas! The ones that you know got the money and those that just kick it with that group and fake it till they make it! hahahaIt was crazy that you see so many people openly selling eachother drugs and with all the security in the room they do nothing about it.Great experience but sonot my crowd.
5	Checked out this place for the first time, since my girl kept raving about it. Really glad they let people stand up on the booths to dance. Looking forward to coming back with my bestie!
1	This club is a JOKE. They are unprofessional, unorganized and rude. Let me start by saying that I'm a Vegas local and in the night life industry. That said I know how this SHOULD work. Last night (and for the remainder of the weekend) Drais' is promoting a Superhero themed costume contest. Up to $200K in cash and prizes. Sounds great, right? We thought so too. The sole purpose of us attending this party was for my boyfriend to enter into the Superhero Themed contest.Upon arrival to the Cromwell, the security guard would not allow my boyfriend to enter the casino with any props for his costume. We're talking about PLASTIC swords and a light up toy gun. I can almost justify against the toy gun, but the swords made the whole outfit. We should have turned around and left right then but we figured we'd give them the benefit of the doubt.As we're walking into the club, we see 4 other guests with props and even worse, we see one of Drais' employees wearing the exact same swords that my boyfriend wasn't allowed to bring in. Again, we should have left. We get inside, go sign up my boyfriend for the contest, they take his photo and hand us a copy of the rules. I have OCD so I read through the rules and saw that the 1st round would begin at 12am and final round at 12:45am. We must have asked 6 different employees where the contest participants needed to gather and finally we found someone who directed us outside.We proceeded to wait from 11:30pm until 1:45am before someone came around to the contestants. At this time, the guy is carrying a few contest entry forms and numbers. I asked him if I could get my boyfriend's participant number. This is where it gets good. This guy proceeds to tell me that the 1st round of the contest has already been completed and my boyfriend wasn't qualified. Excuse me? This so-called contest was supposed to start 2 HOURS ago and we've been standing around this entire time just to be told that wasn't how it was going to work. He also tells me that the rules that THEY handed me were inaccurate. Those rules were intended only for a Sexiest Heroine Contest. As you can clearly see from the copy of the rules, no where does it state that, not to mention that you handed it to us upon entering. After going in circles with this kid, he insists that he will make good on it tomorrow but right now he was on a time constraint to get the participants up to the stage. Are you serious?? We have been waiting for 2 1/2 hours for absolutely nothing and now you suddenly have a timeline for the contest? I don't think so. Customer Service 101 - Don't let the customer leave angry. Well I'm more than angry and now I've made it my mission to let everyone know. I'd also like to point out that there were only 4 or 5 contestants for the Superhero Themed contest. Maybe they expected more and decided to skip the preliminary round and just do the final judging. NOPE! They had already selected the winner (The Hulk, by the way) so they weren't in fact having a legit contest. They had picked the winner at the beginning of the night and just let everyone else stand there for over 2 hours, maybe so their half empty club would actually look full. The so-called "judging" categories were Originality, Creativity, Complexity and Design. Someone please tell me what is original, creative, complex or an interesting design about a Hulk costume? What an absolute JOKE. Then the kid tells us that other people worked really hard on their costumes, implying that my boyfriend hadn't. He actually put a lot of time, effort and creativity into his REAL Superhero costume. He was Dead Pool by the way. Oh yeah and then the kid tries to say that the other guy who was a Transformer didn't qualify either. Really? You're saying that a costume that ISN'T a Superhero didn't qualify for the Superhero contest? Shocker. Don't have a themed contest if you don't even understand the definition of what a Superhero is. Just because a character had a comic book, doesn't mean they're a Superhero. Archie had a comic book too.This whole experience was complete crap. Expecting a night club to act professionally, follow the rules and care about customer service is apparently asking too much.
4	Any and everything that you want about after-hours is inside of this amazing new edition to the Vegas late late night/early morning scene!  The music was more of a mixture- the usual electronic-house-pop with a decent amount of hip hop and top 40!  I's definitely what you're looking for if you came to dance to the songs you know....We went on a Thursday, were comped at the door ( for being pretty ladies?)  But was a completely different story on Saturday night - the place was packed and if you weren't on the list or in the know, then you were S.O. L I do feel the later in the evening/ or morning rather.. they were less selective with the crowd...But nonetheless a great time - large dance floor next to the DJ booth!
1	Brought 5 girls, black dude at the entrance said 20$ tip ( why the fuck i needa tip you? ) plus 30$ for me and all girls free. We go down and the old fuck says 30$ a person, nobody was even in the club. Be prepared to spend 30$ a person. Spend my money elsewhere!
5	My friend and I loved this place. The lights and the music were ON POINT! It wasn't super crowded, but the music and the vibes were so awesome that it didn't matter! We got in through a promoter last minute and the line was not long when we got there around 12:30am.I definitely would hit this place up 100% before other venues in Vegas. The DJ wasn't a famous DJ but he was awesome and really engaged the crowd. The crowd was also pretty chill and nice at Drais which I enjoyed.
1	Very odd admissions policy. Stood in line forever, willing to pay whatever and didn't get in. I think they don't like money.
5	Excellent club. I haven't had so much fun in a long time. The promoters are doing an excellent job. I credit them with keeping the club packed up until I left at 10am. I met a great guy btw, Anyone wanna drive down from LA? JK. LOL.
