5	Since I myself have only made the trip to New York twice, I cannot be considered an expert on NY-style pizza. But a friend who lived in the Big Apple swears this is the best authentic NY pizza in the area. NY-or-not, all I know is it tastes amazing. The homemade sauce is killer, the toppings fresh and tasty, and the crust thin and chewy. Mmmm. The cheesecake is also wonderful. You will NOT be disappointed!
3	I asked my daughter in Arizona where she wanted to go for her birthday for lunch and for whatever reason she picked this place.  It was truly nothing special.  We had been to at least two other Italian restaurants during my stay in Chandler that were way better.  I got the Spaghetti with Clam sauce, which I tend to get whenever it is on the menu, and it was not nearly as good as what I get at our favorite place in San Diego or what I got at the Pesto Pizza and Calzone down the road.  My daughter got the Cannelloni and she also said it wasn't as good as the other place.  Save your money and go someplace else.
4	When it comes to chandler az there are not very great choices for Italian food. This place is one step above average for the area. I have tried a few items on the menu, today I had the veal parm, very tasty but pricey (what do you expect from the veal?). Pizza is pretty good, its new york style and they have a full pasta menu. I say if you live or work in chandler its worth a look-see, but not worth a drive to check it out.
4	Imagine my surprise, when i found an authentic NY Italian restaurant in Chandler. If your from back east and miss that great food, or if you've never been and are looking for authentic Italian... this is the place. The pizza's are great as are the entrees, everytime i walk into the place, it makes me yearn for home !!!
4	I believe I've said this before but I'll say it again.  I'm not a fan of Italian food, but La Famiglia Pizza & Pasta restaurant does a really great job at making me one. I like calzone's and theirs didn't disappoint.  The mozzarella and ricotta cheese was wonderfully stuffed inside the pizza dough.  The small one is HUGE!  I like the fact that they put the sauce on the side and not inside.  The pizza sauce is not overly spicy for me and has a sweet taste, which in my world makes it really yummy.Tonight we visited them again and and I tried the stuff shells.  I took a- long my son-in-law, daughter. two grandchildren and my husband. Everyone loved what they ordered.   I tried my husbands baked ziti and I will definitely add that to my list of must tries.  The owners make everyone feel like family and I think this place is worth a visit even if you don't like Italian food.
5	i love this place for the slices of pizza i have been coming here for over 5 years but never really tried the pasta or any other dishes,  i favor this pizza over any other place such as  NYPD pizza,  Barros pizza, dominoes, streets of new york, Bounos, and i LOVE their garlic knots seemed to be made in the store with high quality ingredients , i went to NYPD the other day and you can tell that the garlic knots come frozen and they were tasteless and over baked, the hot wings are also very good i think they use franks red hot sauce which i love.  once again i never tried the dishes but the slices are the best in the valley no doubt
3	1st visit via delivery.Ordered standard items: Large Pepperoni Pizza, Dozen medium Buffalo wings, Italian Cold Cut Combo sub, Cheesesteak, Mozzarella sticks.None of it was disappointing or award winning.Will try again.
1	I had a craving for pasta so I stopped by. Since this location was close to my house and I had heard they have good food I gave them a try.  I ordered a "safe" choice the spaghetti and meatballs. As I waited I saw some awards on the wall so I was hopeful. I was greatly disappointed! The dish had no flavor to it. I like big flavors in pasta dishes. This tasted like they opened a can of tomato sauce and warmed it up. Maybe their pizza is better, but I wont go back.
5	We stopped in on a whim and we were NOT disappointed.  The food was wonderful! Not like other restaurants that label themselves as Italian.  The food was delicious, the marinara amazing and the Stromboli was huge and full of cheese and ham and flavor!  The crust was baked to perfection.  My friend experienced the baked ziti and the Scilian style pizza.  However, the service was better the first time I was there; the second time we felt rushed and perhaps an inconvenience.  But that was secondary to the food.  We chalked that up her having a bad day.
2	Like the stars say, "Meh. I've had better".  I had the Stromboli and it was burnt all the way through.  On of my kids had the cheese pizza and it was so thin that it too was burnt.  My other kids had the lasagna and it was good but not great.  I think the best part of this experience was the diet coke... at least I knew what I was getting.We tried to sit outside to eat, but were told we aren't allowed, because "he" hasn't opened it, yet.  The door to the outdoor seating was open and who is "he"?  Grrr... I probably won't be coming back
1	I brought my son and grandkids for lunch and we were very disappointed.  Said the outside wasn't open yet; it was 1PM...the pizza and Stromboli's were burnt!  I don't think I will be back; maybe the first two times I went was the flook and this is the for real.
4	Excellent food at great prices!
4	I love this place. Great neighborhood restaraunt. Pizza is OK. But their Fettuccini Alfredo is to die for!
2	I've tried food from here three more times, it keeps getting worse.The quality just keeps sinking.Most of the food tastes like reheated frozen food.Actually, I've had better frozen italian from the grocery store.Big portions of ill tasting food, and not cheap either.
4	This is the best pizza I have ever had. You must try it. Toppings are crazy expensive ($2 per topping), but if you like just cheese, the price isn't too bad.The only reason I am not giving this 5 stars is because of an awkward experience I had the last time I picked up my pizza here. I was walking to my car with my pizza when the owner came out to my car and knocked on my window when I was about to leave. He said I was not holding the pizza flat enough when I was carrying it. What?! I was carrying it flat, maybe slightly tipping it to unlock my car. It was just really weird, who does that? Why does he care? And he wasn't very nice either. The owners are an Italian family that moved directly from NY. So they make good pizza, but not very nice. I honestly haven't been back since that experience, but I will probably just opt for delivery from now on.
4	I have never went here alone to eat a pizza. Why? Because 3 grown men couldn't even finish off a pizza.The pizza is thick and they don't really screw around with skimping on the toppings. Sure, they charge you for it (as someone else said), but I've never seen anyone claim that they were "jipped" for the amount they got.You can also get pasta but I've never ventured that route because I cannot walk in here and stray from what I know is going to leave me with my mouth watering after I order it. I've taken a few other new people here and they all liked it.If I could, I'd give it a 4.5 stars...
5	Tonight I picked up a manicotti, side of meatballs and cannoli for my friend and I to share. It was all delicious! The manicotti had the perfect combination of cheeses, the meatballs were the perfect consistency and the cannoli was fresh and tasty. I would also recommend the white pizza with spinach, I've eaten it during past visits and it's very tasty.
1	Bruschetta Pizza, Greek Salad, Cannoli: The pizza was overwhelming with raw onions and garlic. Too many tomatoes piled on a soaked crust and box. When I picked it up to move it, it fell through the box and all over the carpet. Huge mess! The salad consisted of brown, wilted iceburg lettuce. Awful, horrible experience!! Very expensive, not including the professional carpet cleaning I had to pay for.
5	We were in Phoenix for a wedding. We were treated to Friday night dinner for Pizza and salad and then on Saturday night they did the catering for the event. Let me start off by saying carbs are a treat. The pizza was warm and delish. The garlic knots were the bomb! Saturday night dinner was baked zitti, eggplant parm, chicken parm meatballs and salad. Everything was so good. The chicken was so tender you could cut it with a fork. The eggplant tasted like it was made with care and love. The meatball well don't get me started. I am back in San Diego still thinking about this place. They did a wonderful job getting people served with smiles all around. I was so impressed.  Maybe they will want to move to San Diego.....
5	The Pizza is delicious and the RICE BALLS are to die for!!!
5	Very close to NY Pizza and the Rice Balls are the best I have ever had!!, EVER!!My advice is to order a plain Pizza or a plain Sicilian Pizza, they are both very NY and very delicious!!They also have Coke products :)
3	The pizza is okay, it's an okay place to stop if you are in a hurry and want some pizza. However, there are much better options if you are setting out for the night with the intent to eat pizza. Prices are high for what you get and the service is much to be desired. Usually the girl running the counter acts like there are much better places she would rather be. So on that note, there are much better pizza places I would like to be at than here.
4	After months of seeing the girls in the office enjoying what always appeared to be fresh pasta, I ventured into La Famiglia last week to finally give it a try - and am kicking myself for not going 8 months ago when I started working in this area!!  The wait is a little long for lunch, so don't go expecting something out of the microwave and in your hand in 5 minutes.  It is all made/baked to order and takes a little more time.  With lunch specials of pasta, side salad and a drink for $5.95, it is well worth the wait!  Last week I tried their Italian Hero sandwich, it was so good.  I had always been a fan of Cousins Subs and didn't think anything would beat their Italian - until I had it here.  Today, I tried the stuffed shells.  Again, delicious.  Cooked to perfection and the flavors making my taste buds want more and more.  My only gripe would be that they don't give you any garlic rolls with the lunch specials, and they are much needed for the sauce after your finished the pasta - no note to self, next time order a side of them! I look forward to tasting each and every item on the menu in the next few weeks.
5	When you're eating La Famiglia's pizza, you almost feel like you're in NYC. The slices are big, sauce tastes great, and ingredients have always been fresh. I also love their Sicilian slices and garlic knots. Also, their calzones are not the best I've had in Arizona, but definitely above average.Service is always friendly and fast enough for a quick lunch. La Famiglia is a nice, chill, family owned restaurant that we need more of around this town. So, stop in and get a cut or two, I think you'll like it.
5	I can only say that anyone not giving this place high ratings is obviously NOT from NY.  This is the real deal.I drive all the way from north central to get a pie.For anyone who wants a true 'back home' experience, get the pizza!!I can't comment on the other items because I can't stop ordering the pizza.It's true that the girl behind the counter isn't always the friendliest - but hey, that's just like NY too.
5	Simply good food. When you come in here you have to think big. Big plates, big cups... Authentic NY style pizza. Great tasting food.Friendly service. Got to try it 'coz We love it!
3	great slice of pizza!
4	Authentic NY style pizza. Not cheap. Good service. I'd recommend it as a good family outing. Really recommend the chicken parm.
4	Walking in here was like walking into New York, there was even a Yankees Game on. We ordered a chicken Stromboli and spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs were delicious and the portion size more than adequate for two servings. The Stromboli was large and delicious. It is family owned and operated. It lost a star for the price. Slightly expensive for what I would have preferred to pay. I plan on going back and ordering the garlic knots and maybe Calamari. My boyfriend really wants to try the pizza. It looks delicious.
5	Love love love love love this place! We've been coming here for 8 yrs now. In fact, this was the place I sent my husband to many times during my pregnancy 7 yrs ago because it's so crave-inducing.  The girls who work there have enjoyed watching my son grow up and they know him by name :)I suggest the garlic knots and ziti. Every time we have a pool party or slumber party we order their pizza.  My favorite is the plain cheese...it's so good it doesn't need any toppings.This place is owned by a great NYC family who knows what they're doing!
2	Ok pizza, rude staff.  Not a fan and won't return!
4	This is right up there with pizza from the north east
4	We found this place through Grub Hub- we have never been to the resturant itself but we have ordered their food for three nights and we tried a little bit of everything. Their eggplant parm is amazing and very tasty. Its as if they add something 'extra' to the breading that other places don't. My husband had a sandwich and he said the filling was great along with the dressing but the bread was a bit hard. The appetizers don't fail- I go for the appetizer that has cheese sticks, zuchnni, mushrooms and artichoke hearts in it and it really wonderful. The deserts also don't fail. We did try the stuffed pizza and we had mixed reviews here- I love it, my daughter loved it but since it was stuffed with ricotta cheese and my husband not being a fan of ricotta it didn't go over too well. The large pizza is HUGE to say the least and they don't skimp on toppings. I recommend this resturant if you want pizza, pasta or even a slice of cheesecake but their sandwiches could use better quality of bread..Other then that, Its a great place to eat and get your comfort food fix.
2	I used to eat here at least twice a month, but lately the quality of the food has fallen. The fettuccine Alfredo with chicken in particular has  really gone down hill. Half the amount of chicken they used to serve, and the sauce has lost some of it's consistency. It's now sort of starchy and tasteless. I have started looking for another place to get my Italian fix.Also the staff has turned from the friendly people they used to be to snobbish and rude.
5	I was out and about running errands in Chandler. I really needed to eat something. So driving along to my next appt. I just thought I would stop at the next place I saw. This was it. Italian food is always good right!When I first walked in, it smelled wonderful. I decided on a Slice , Cheese with mushrooms. I need to  wash my hands so into the bathroom. It was very clean and nicely stocked. Which was good considering the lunch rush had just ended.I had brought lemon water with me and I do not drink soda so I just got the slice.I got a side of sauce which was free. Can I just say wow!!! I have now found the best Pizza in the Valley!I have never really found too many places here in Phoenix and surrounding area that have good Pizza, so I am very happy.I also noticed they Ariancini Balls( something you do not find very often). I asked the girl if they were for Dinner or a special order. No you can get them any time!! I told Mario that night and we are going to go there for dinner the next night. I do not know how they taste, but, the Pizza and sauce were really good.I looked up the website and they are a family owned and operated business from New York. Real Italians!! Real Food. Just shows how you can stumble on something really good without expecting it.I did notice that they had free WIFI also, lots of parking in the lot.They do have delivery during certain hours and some great lunch specials for pick up and dine in. The lunch specials are from 11-2 Monday thru Friday.
3	My bf was craving Italian so we decided to give this place a try, since it is close to our apartment.  He had the linguine and clams, which was pretty good- lots of clams though they were clearly canned. I was horribly disappointed in my gnocchi, it was pretty much overstuffed cheese ravioli with generic marinara...come on it's Italian food, where is the basil? garlic? oregano? Anything?? That being said this would have been a 2 star review were it not for the cannoli. Amazing. I would go back just for this, but I doubt I'd bother to do dinner there again.
4	My boyfriend and I absolutely love their hand-tossed pizza! There's always plenty of cheese, great sauce, and lots of chewy, doughy crust. It definitely beats out any chain pizza we have had around here.  We always order our pie with sausage and mushrooms.  The sausage comes as large slices, as opposed to the ground, "rolled up" little pieces you sometimes find on pizza.  If you do order wings, know that the mild is very, very mild.  I often joke that even mild salsa burns my mouth, and yet I found these wings to be lacking any kick.  Definitely go for something higher on the heat scale if you want any spice.  Overall, I would stick to the pizza, but know that it's worth it!
5	Pizza isn't my favorite but the pepperoni we had was good. What I really liked was the calamari. It was an appetizer but plenty enough for a meal for one or two ppl. It was $10 but worth every penny. Delicious!
3	This place was not quite what I expected based on other reviews. I ordered the baked ravioli and garlic knots. The ravioli was not baked, they had good flavor but the sauce was bland marinara, from a baked pasta dish I would expect the melty cheese baked on top and maybe a little more flavor. These were nothing but your typical frozen, boiled then doused in sauce. They probably should take these off the "Baked Pasta" menu. The garlic knots were great when they  were warm, as soon as they cooled off they were hard balls, almost as if they microwaved them before they were delivered. They did not come with any sauce, luckily my ravioli had more than enough. I'm not sure if this was a delivery mistake or that they just don't offer any dipping sauce.I'd have to say that this would probably have been a 2 star review have the delivery drivers not been as prompt and personable as they were (yes, "they", there were two).
5	Excellent pizza and entrees. Friendly service. The Best place I get my pizza from when I'm on my side of town." Don't forget to try the garlic knots.
5	I've been going to this restaurant for a number of years.  I can describe it in one word--GREAT!I'm from Long Island, New York and every time I visit this restaurant, I feel like I am home.  The aroma, friendliness and outstanding food keeps me coming back.  I live in Gold Canyon and drive many times to La Famiglia.  It's worth the trip!  Pizza is outstanding, pasta dishes are superb.  Check out the lunch menu.  Very extensive and real value at $5.95!
4	Pizza by the slice.. crust is crunchy and just right:) We had a chance encounter with this place, by just driving by and decided to give it a whirl. Its a nice tiny eatery on the corner and it must be legit, because almost all the people ordering take-out and dining in were Italian.. We only tried the pizza by the slice, so cannot comment on anything else. Give it a try!
5	Running errands and spotted this little place.  Smelled wonderful inside so I bought two slices of cheese pizza and took a seat.  Service was nothing to write home about but Damm that pizza was good!!  Tasted like Manhattan Street pizza.
5	One day I complained to a girlfriend who is from Queens NY how much I miss NY pizza and she was the one that mentioned this place to me. But I ignored her wonderful comment "this is the real NY pizza and it taste just like it". The place is down the street from me, so I stopped by and when the smell of their pizza hit my nostrils I remembered her comment...she asked them if they were really from NY and she was told the entire family is from Long Island. After one bite of my one slice of pizza I was taken back to BK (Brooklyn). With closed eyes I had another bite and another and I found myself coming back for more. I am glad my friend told me about this place and I've taken other friends to experience the same excitement I have.
2	If you are from the tri-state area and  you believe the previous posts that this is authentic NY style pizza, you will be disappointed.  I have had much better pizza in the area, yet nothing comes too close to the real deal, so i keep trying new places.  This is not a winner.
4	Best I've found so far...if you're looking for New York style. Which is the only type I will eat.Absolutely can't handle a bite of the gut bomb carb loaded stuff that's with Chicago style & deep dishes, etc.Its not that cheffy/artisan type.Its the fast pace, family owned pizza joint. Note: for some reason it tastes better in house. It loses something in box on a drive. The crispness of crust...?Its small inside. If group, its tight but happy
3	Small but cute. The wait staff was nice and the place is clean. Good pizza, pasta needed to be drained a little bit more but the marinara sauce was flavorful.  The place was real hot however.  Not too comfortable.  However, it won't stop me from trying it again.
5	I love, love, love, love, love, love, love this place. LOVE.  As the daughter of a New York Italian who knows her way around the kitchen, it's so wonderful to find a place that has food almost exactly like moms.  The pizza is fantastic, as good as real NY pizza, and even better than some places in NY.  And the wings are AMAZING.  One thing I will say about the wings, I generally order the hot sauce on the SIDE.  It's a very hot sauce and they are drenched in it.  I find the medium sauce to be a bit bland and greasy, so I find that just being able to control the amount of hot sauce I have is the best option.  But the wings themselves are delicious and crispy.  None of that fatty, flappy, grisly bits you get at chain pizza places.I usually expect the actual entrees at a pizza place to be pretty bad.  Before trying their entrees, I had never had a positive experience with pasta or Italian entrees at pizza places.  But La Famiglia's entrees and pasta is delicious.  Eggplant parmesan is one of my favorite dishes and I love theirs.  Their tortellini pesto is quite good too.  A bit heavy on the pesto, but that's just being nitpicky.Cannolis? Amazing.They used to have Black and White cookies that were so delicious, but apparently no one orders them so they no longer make them.  I do hope people start requesting them more so they will bring them back!I'm not in LOVE with most of their other appetizers.  The batter on their fried foods (calamari, zucchini, etc.) is a bit heavy for me and I feel a bit sick after just a few bites and find I don't want to eat anything else.  So I never order them.  I do wish they'd reconsider the batter and come up with something lighter because I'd love to be able to get some calamari.  I also wish the calamari was just rings and not the tentacles, because... well.. tentacles.My one other criticism is that they are pretty strict and misleading about their hours.  They say it's delivery until 8:00PM on the weekdays, but if you call after 7:30PM, you're out of luck.  I think this is far too early to stop delivery to begin with, but if you are going to advertise for 8:00PM, I think you should take orders until 8:00PM.I did see some reviews about rude staff.  I did have ONE bad experience awhile back, but haven't had any trouble since.  It's family owned and operated, with a few non-family employees.  And, well, everyone has a bad day.  My one experience hasn't deterred me from going, nor has their rigid policies on their hours.Overall, I still give it 5 full stars, regardless of personal feelings about some menu items or policies because the food is good enough that it really doesn't even matter.   Please go.. and request black and white cookies so I can have them again!
5	I have had pizza from here before but never one of their dinners. All of that changed last night. The chicken parm alla nonna was delicious. The chicken and pasta were cooked perfectly, it had flavor and the sauce wasn't to chunky or to thin. Just right. A great meal.
5	Great place!!
4	Best fetticini Alfredo I've ever had.  I can't go to other restaurants and order it because nothing compares to theirs.  Garlic knots are yummy too.
5	Sicilian style.  Great pizza.  Try the Grandma Pizza.  It is delicious!  The lunch special is super cheap for pasta/pizza + soda + salad for $5.55 + tax.  Family owned and operated business.  The patio is nice and shaded.  I enjoy sitting out there on my lunch hour.  Good people!
3	Stopped by La Famiglia after a shopping trip at Frys when we first moved to this area. Was having a hangover of epic proportions from celebrating at my friend's wedding ... And, as the story usually goes, I needed some food and water, stat.We both got two slices of the cheese pizza and drinks. Now, is this the best pizza in the area? Absolutely not. But if you're in the area running errands (or struggling from the night before), this is a great place to grab a quick slice for an affordable price.
4	My original review was in 2010 so it is time to update!The place looks exactly the same - no changes there which is fine. It still seems like the same family operated business, which is good.The TV is on with the Olympics on, YES!So nothing here has changed. I still love the pizza. I did get a normal crust this time which wasn't as much as the Sicilian. The Sicilian was a total beast of a pizza - still I'd vote fit for a group of men.The four stars on this place remains! Not the absolute best pizza I've ever had, but one of the best in my neck of the woods!
1	Service is extremely slow. The girls were all catering to and chatting with a big table of people who seemed to be people who might have been in charge there, but those in-chargers didnt seem to care that customers were being ignored. When you finally get your food, it is a letdown. Mediocre at best.  There are much better pizzas and italian restaurants out there. We do not recommend.
4	Love it. Owners are from West Babylon, NY. They had a pizza shop and Italian bakery in Islip Terrace NY right down the street from where I grew up. I could not believe they lived here for so long and I was unaware. Garlic Knots are great and the pizza is good NY style. The family were all in tonight and visited our table when they heard we were from East Islip. Uncle Joe is such a nice man. The entire evening was just delightful. I am happy to discover this little gem of a place and I will be back. Happy to say they opened a Beall's outlet right next door too so I can shop and eat. Well, at least until they move to their new location.
5	Had pizza, a salad and a garlic roll.  The garlic roll was excellent.  The pizza reminded me of being back in Long Island.  Even met an Uncle of the Family from Islip Terrace- What a treat!  The food was great, the service was exceptional and of course I enjoyed the company because we talked about growing up in Long Island.  Good food, I will go back there for my pizza cravings.
5	Amazing pizza. If your looking for the pizza with the most tasty crust, this is the place. I thought I died and went to pizza heaven. I will be back again and again. I had only two slices and a drink and I was full. Prices are wonderful too. I got my 2 year old some pasta and meat sauce and that too was incredible.  Seriously you need to go!!!
5	I am from jersey and I can tell you the calzone I just ate was as good as the pizza place ramonos by my childhood home. Honestly this was my second trip here and I don't remember what got last time. I don't remember being impressed. But today was awesome. Ny style calzone. Ill go back and report back on the pizza.  I didn't think the water in az was right for real ny style.  But I was wrong. If you want ny calzone run don't walk to this place. Outstanding. probably then best diet coke and calzone in Arizona.  they are moving down the street to quadalupe in may.
2	I want to rate it better out of sympathy, but I just can't bring myself to it.  We love trying out small, family-owned, hole in the wall joints.  This one I had seen several times in a dying Walmart plaza nearby our house so we decided to give it a try after shopping.  One you walk in, you'll be surprised by how small and crowded it is.  There was only 2 other parties in there at the same time as us, yet somehow everything was still very slow.  Slow to get any service and even slower to get our food.  We were rarely checked on and honestly did not feel welcome.  We decided to wait it out since we had no other plans anyways.  The prices seem way to high, in my opinion, for a small busted looking place like this so I fully expected the food to be amazing.  After almost an hour, we finally received a cheese pizza and baked pasta.  The portion size of the pasta was small and nothing special - I make it better at home; However, the pizza WAS good and my boyfriend really enjoyed it a lot.  If he were rating the place, he'd probably give it another star based off the pizza alone (but he's not "Yelp cool" yet so oh well).  I think it also took about 10 minutes or so after we had already completed eating till we finally received our bill.  That's a bit unprofessional.OVERALL:  This place is good for the pizza, that's it!  I would never recommend dining in... just order it to go and eat it on the elegance of your couch -- because your couch probably has a better atmosphere than here.
