4	I thought this place was awesome!!Ok, so I went in there with low expectations.  Having heard from friends it was just ok, then reading the reviews here on yelp....I was so pleasantly suprised!  Yay!Lets seeFor an appetizer we got the lobster queso spinach dip.  It was heavenly.  Mmmmm, melty cheese and lobster... mmm......I got the Prime Rib with au gratin potatoes and port mushrooms.The potatoes were gooey and spicy!The mushrooms were soooooooooooooooo good, andI could definitely taste the portFor dessert I had the creme brulee cheesecakeOMGSOOO GOOD!So yeah, I was very excited that the food turned out to be so good.  I'd love to go back.
4	I walked into Firebirds and realized that I had been to a Firebirds before at Arrowhead a few years ago. I immediately began to be nervous because I couldn't remember my last visit, which probably meant that I stuffed it down deep into my subconscious never to be discussed again. Possibly.Our reservation was for 5:45pm, but I arrived early to have some drinks with friends. I was greeted by the hostess who was friendly enough. I informed her that I had arrived early to have some drinks at the bar before being seated for dinner. She found my reservation, noted that I was here and welcomed us. We sat down at the bar and were immediately offered a drink. My friend and I were struck by the beautiful display of pineapple slices sitting in vodka. Very pretty and inspiring. We ordered their pineapple martinis. YUM! A little on the sweet side, but still very delicious and intoxicating. We sat and chatted for a while at the pretty bar. Our bartender was very friendly and unobtrusive. One thing that I did notice is that the hostesses were a little unprofessional. They were horsing around, giggling, and chatting loudly. A bit annoying, but they were young girls. After two of those yummy martinis, it was time for dinner.Our party of 5 was seated at a round table in the center of the dining room. We were greeted by our server Brittany who took our drink orders and delivered water and lemons with speed. We informed her that we were there for the Phoenix Restaurant Week menu. She took the time to make recommendations off of the Restaurant Week menu and suggested wines to go with each of them.  Ahh my dinner...I ordered the Espresso Rubbed Sirloin rare. The steak came with Potatoes Au Gratin. I was a little nervous ordering a sirloin steak because they tend to be a little tough due to the "cheapness" of the meat. I figured I was in a place that prides themselves on steaks and decided to give their "cheap" steak a shot. It's a good way to test a steakhouse. They should be able to make a shoe taste delicious.When the meal was served, my rare (still moo'in) steak got served to someone else. So I sent my steak back for a rare one. I am SO glad that I sent it back for the steak I wanted. The steak was absolutely gorgeous and delicious. It was not tough at all! The rub that was on it was a little peppery for my taste but it's a personal preference for me. The Potatoes Au Gratin weren't good. They were a little too Velveeta for my taste. It would have been nice if they used some sharp cheddar or something like that instead. I ended up eating my friend's poblano mashed potatoes with my steak. Fantastic! The mashed potatoes were very spicy and went great with my savory steak! I hope they are a regular side. They're phenomenal! The dessert I chose was the Peaches and Cream Bread Pudding Cupcake with Bourbon White Chocolate Sauce. It seemed I chose the right dessert for the night because my other friends did not like the other choices for dessert at all. By the time I got my dessert, I was full, but the bites that I did take were delicious! It was a subtle peach flavor with a great sauce I wanted to eat the whole thing but my stomach just wouldn't do it. Brittany gladly wrapped everyones leftovers and put them in a to go bag. She was so quick and effiecient. Very impressive!I am so glad I didn't dredge up any repressed memories of a horrible dining experience at Firebirds. In fact, the "mmm's and oooh's" that were being uttered were very familiar. It was nice getting reacquainted with such a great restaurant! I don't know why I didn't keep in touch, but I plan on going for regular visits from now on!
4	mmm mmm mmmmm mmmmm good!  Smokehouse burger was cooked a perfect medium (just how I ordered it)!
1	I dont think the price is worth the food. I asked for my gorgonzola steak medium rare and got it bloody red rare. I would have asked them to take it back and cook it some more but the gorgonzola cheese would be an absolute disaster for that. Others complained about their steak.I would rather cook myself or go to outback... or any other high end steakhouse in the same price range.
5	The food and service were EXCELLENT!  We were the first ones in the restaurant on last Saturday and we had lots of refills and fresh bread!  The manager even came around to make sure everything was to our liking...even though she's an Eagle's fan (HA HA)!
5	They have a separate gluten-free menu, so be sure to ask for it.  The food and service were excellent.  I wasn't able to partake in the pre-meal bread offering, but it didn't matter because my meal was big and fabulous!  I had the prime rib and baked potato and was provided with all of the fixings (au jus, horseradish sauce, cheese, real bacon bits, sour cream, etc.).  The food was very tasty and was just as good as any gluten-filled meal.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant for gluten-free dining out.
4	This place has a good variety of regular food.  I've been a few times and have consistently had good service.  We ordered the lobster queso dip and chips for an appetizer (very good-big chunks of lobster) and we were working it down and as the chips got low I noticed this strange looking brown hunk of something . . .it looked like someone chopped up a horned toad.  I pointed this out to the waiter and he matter of factly said it was a dried out chunk of prime rib (LIKE THAT'S NORMAL???) because the carving station in the kitchen is right next to the chip container.  Not an alarming problem, but had to tell.
2	Lunch is ok but pricey.  The thing that I don't like is the deceptive lunch special.I ordered one of the "lunch special" on my last group mid-week lunch outing.  The waiter asked me "what salad would you like with that?".  He made it seems like it's part of the deal but it's not.  The price of the "lunch special" would ended up costing much more than a regular lunch order.  I guess Firebirds wants at least 12 bucks from you no matter what you order.
3	Went for lunch and I agree with the another poster here that this an expensive place, most of what you are paying for is atmosphere in my opinion. I do not think the patio area is all that great, but it is not bad either.Not saying the food is bad, but I did not love it, or hate it. It was ok. Service was excellent though.My second time dining here and I prefer the Keg which is close by in the same mall area in Chandler.
4	It's not often I'm in the mood for a steak. Having an ovo-icthy-lacto-vegetarian wife will do that for you. But even she found something to enjoy here.I had the chili-rubbed steak and the side of southwestern scalloped potatoes. The steak was excellent, prepared as requested. Loads of flavor. Just the right amount of marbling. Oh, and it was huge. As in... huge. Did not leave hungry. And I don't think I had but a single slice of the bread beforehand.My wife had the seared ahi appetizer and a baked potato. Yes, an odd combo to be sure. But she enjoyed it completely. Didn't even give me a bite.The service was excellent, going so far as allowing my wife to sample a wine. It wasn't to her liking -- was mine, but I wasn't in the mood -- and our server didn't even bat an eye when she opted for a glass of iced tea. A solid rating. I saw many other tasty items on the menu and look forward to my return!
4	Great steak, amazing potatoes, very attentive service. Boyfriend and I both had the ribeye, wings, and a few drinks a piece. Bill with tip was a bit over $100--not bad! Seems that others have had issue with the doneness of their steaks. I didn't have a problem. And I think steak doneness is a tough one. Oh well.I didn't see any reviews about the bread. OMG. It is amazing--crusty on the outside, slightly chewy on the inside. But this is a grill, folks, so go for the steak (but you'll talk about the bread, trust me).
4	I love this place. I really haven't tried anything that I didn't like. Their service is awesome too. I've been there fro lunch, dinner and a party on the patio. Every time I have enjoyed the experience. They have the best Steak Salad!
4	Visited for a late lunch last week and tried the Steak Au Poivre.  It came sliced, with an amazing peppercorn cream sauce and choice of potatoes (default is either baked potato or mashed, but I chose fries).  Delicious table bread and butter.  Friendly and attentive service.
5	Have you ever had one of those moments?  You know, the ones that melt away all of the tensions and make you realize how lucky you are to live where you do, and be with the one you are with, doing whatever it is that brought you there.  These are the best moments in life.Tonight was one of those moments.  It lasted forever.  From the moment we walked in the door, immediately greeted by two of the most welcoming smiles, to the casual stroll back to the car...holding the hand of that special person that has shared more than half of my life with me.Service: Prompt, friendly, attentive and unobtrusiveFare: Perfection to the last detail, from preparation to presentationPrice: What did it matter?We both had filet mignon.  Hers with shrimp, mine with blue cheese sauce.  They blended nicely with the soft feel, but robust taste of the Zin.  They brought us an extra bread, hot enough to melt the butter instantly, but soft and subtle enough to taste and feel more like an entree than a free appetizer.  I've been here three times, and this is the second time that I felt in the moment.  Our last visit was memorable only in it's mediocrity.  Two out of three is pretty good.  I know we'll try for three out of four.
5	Ok. So I'm not big on dining in large corporate style restaurants. I usually find the food to be mediocre. Service to be fake. Mgmt to be poor.But...We were desperate to find a place to eat in Chandler on a Monday night being that most of the small biz restaurants are closed Sundays and Mondays...so after driving around for 30 minutes we decided to give this place a try.We walked in greeted by a friendly hostess. Seated and greeted under a minute literally; and we were even more pleased to find that on Monday nights they offer half off all wines (except the reserve list).Our server Dan was THE BEST Server!!!  Very friendly, informative, and knowledgeable.  You can sense that he cares to be at work.  Management seemed to be just as caring. They noticed we needed a box for our food so instead of telling Dan or the busser to get it for us they handed it themselves.  (I can't stand it when I see managers in restaurants pointing fingers here and there)The food was delicious too.  My husband had the prime rib and I had the cheeseburger (i know, cliche, but i was craving one) and we shared a bottle of Stags Leap Petite Syrah for half price!! Couldn't make it for dessert but maybe next time.I will definitely return and hope to be seated in Dan's section!
4	We like Firebirds. Service has always been great, and food is very good and reasonably priced. The bread they bring before your meal is delicious, especially when is hot from the oven. I had tried the quesadillas, buffalo meatloaf, sirloin steak, and a pasta dish. The pasta was nothing to write home about.  My 1 1/2 yr old loved the mac & cheese, a definitely more upscale version than Kraft, made with penne and a white cheese sauce. I recently had the shrimp, strawberry and goat cheese salad and I really enjoyed it. The shrimp were a tad too salty, but over all it was very good. I loved the jicama and spicy pecans, it added a nice sweet crunch. I must say that during one of our visits I was going to order the peppercorn crusted steak and the server was honest enough to tell me: Unless you reaaaaaally like pepper, you should order something else. I appreciated his honesty, because I was not interested in having steak with my peppercorns:) and I like (actually expect) my waiter to steer me in the right direction if I'm going to order something less than appetizing.
4	The customer sevice and ambiance here are always great. The managers have always taken care of any issue we've ever had.The prime rib is really, really good! So is the Steak Au Poivre!That said, I have to admit that the rest of the food can be pretty hit and miss. I've never had  awful food here, but several disappointments. The managers and staff are so polite and work so hard to make things right that we keep coming back.The pricing is a bit high for the inconsistent quality, but well worth the early bird and happy hour pricing.
4	This is a higher-middle quality end chain food... almost on par with The Keg but not quite - also not as expensive as The Keg. I go here every so often.One big turn off to me is this place tends to be very loud and it is difficult to have a relaxing dinner unless we get there early. The kitchen is open to the dining area and the dining area is basically one massive, high ceiling, room. Should have been designed better for a quieter, more relaxing experience in the dining area.
4	Yesterday I was on the hunt to find a restaurant in Phoenix that served lobster bisque.  Unfortunately, I never found it. What I did find was Firebirds.  The only thing I had yesterday was a fruit smoothie.  I was so bogged down with work that I missed lunch and by the time dinner rolled around I was famished.  All day I was craving lobster bisque, I went all over town looking for it.  My hunger got the best of me so I stopped in at Firebirds.  I've never been but I saw the Shrimp and Strawberry Salad on the list, and I know I had to have that.  In obervation of Lent, I was not eating meat.  So this was the perfect choice.  I ate the bar and had a drink (my usual 3 Olive Cherry and Diet Coke), watch Apolo Ohno get DQed from the short track (that was BS call in my opinion), and I scarfed down my salad.  It was sooooo yummy and surprisingly very filling. I think the thing I like most about the restaurant was my meal.  The bartender was very nice.  I think her name was Callie.  She was attentive and quick to bring me my drink (definite plus).  I would like to try other meals.  My only minus is that I felt the prices were a little high for a chain restaurant should be.All in all, I had a good experience and I'll be back for that salad. YUM!
4	My boyfriend and I have been here twice now, and both times we weren't disappointed.  From the steak and burgers to the salmon and fries, everything tasted just as it should.  That might be a problem for some people who are looking for above average tasting food, but for someone who's just looking for a nice sit-down meal in a calm atmosphere after a long day, it's perfect.  Both times my steak was cooked just right, the fries were just crispy enough, the drinks (arnold palmer) were made with just the right amount of tea and lemonade.  J's salmon was flaky and his meatloaf was actually quite moist and delicious with the gravy.  Again, it is quite average, there are no over-the top flavours here, but it is safe and comfortable and the staff is more than accomodating (sometimes to the point where you will have 3 people helping each other with their tables) in every aspect.
4	I have been remiss in not giving a review to a place that my coworkers, friends and of course myself spend so much time at.  This review is for the Chandler location only.  The list:- Service - always great!  Greeted promptly, always checked on and it seems there are 2 waitstaff per table.  (I did have a friend tell me that one time only...he was left waiting at his table but that as soon as the waiter & manager found out they went out of their way to make up for the oversite.) - Food - Let them bring the bread!!  Save your "non-carb" moment for another time!  YUM!  The spinach salad is wonderful and big enought to split especially at lunch. (besides...you have the bread!) I've had a couple steaks and the prime rib, the fish and even dessert.  I swear I've never had bad food here.  Always "meets or exceeds" expectations. - Beverages:  OK selection of wine (see happy hour below).  The do have some high end wineries on the menu but I find they have good standard wines and throw in a few "odd balls" that you don't normally see on a mid priced menu so try one of those.  They do also have a full bar.- Atmosphere - can be a bit loud.  Especially if people do not remove the screaming children.  :-(  - Happy Hour - definately do the patio.  When it's chilly they have heaters and a big fireplace.  The sliders are a complete meal!  They also do (I assume they still do) 1/2 price bottles of wine on Mondays!!  So...don't let the fact that it's a chain deter you.  Give them a try.  I think you'll be pleased.Cheers!
5	Wonderful food and top level service. Sit on patio and enjoy the fire. Yum!
5	This place was great.  My sister & I were in town for the weekend from Cali...and we wanted to find a fun happy place to eat.This place had food that melted in your mouth...I got the prime rib.We sat on the patio which was wonderful.  The waitress was great. She knew her stuff & kept an eye on us while taking care of other people.  Great memories...thanks!
1	If you want to spend a lot of money for a minimal amount of food this is the place to go. My boyfriend and I decided to try something different and go to Firebirds.  Our server was great! He seemed like a newbe but he was very sincere and always checking up on us, which we loved. The bread is pretty amazing but I've gone to cheaper places that have had just as good bread. Once our plates arrived the food was good but we didnt have very much food on our plates. I was very disappointed by the $$$ to amount of food we were getting. In addition to the food, it was VERY loud and I think a lot of it comes from the kitchen being right off of the dining room. All in all we will not be returning and we recommend you spend your money at Abuelos across the street. (Chandler Mall)
5	This is one of my most favorite restaurants. Each time I have gone, the food and service has been great. Their bread is probably one of the best bread loaves I have ever had and I can make a meal out of that and that alone. Freshly baked and slightly doughy still, its magnificent. When I first started going to Firebirds, I would order the pork tenderloin with a sweet and sour glaze and the southwest au gratin potatoes. Sooooo good. Now its no longer on the menu   :(   Anyways, I have found a replacement in the grilled salmon with veggies and Parmesan mashed potatoes.I always ask for peach salsa on the side too to put on the fish. It is honestly one of the best salmon meals I have ever had at any restaurant and surprisingly, one of the healthiest items at Firebirds. I love that they list their nutrition facts on their website. Anyways, my husband loves the prime rib and loaded baked potato. He says that the prime rib is consistently good and flavored really well. Also, Firebirds has some awesome wings for appetizers and their tortilla slaw with coconut shrimp appetizer is to die for. The slaw is so different but very tasty. Oh and for dessert, their key lime pie and brownie sundae are pretty legit. There are only a couple of things that I have tried that I was not overly impressed with: Tortilla soup (creamier than I like and not much flavor), pecan crusted trout was kinda dry. The service at Firebirds has always been great. There was one time when my salmon was raw in the middle. The waitress took it away and continuously apologized. A manager came over and offered to give me any appetizer and as much bread as I wanted at no charge while I waited for my meal to be recooked. They also gave me dessert on the house. The managers as well as their staff genuinely care about the customers it seems which is something I haven't seen in a long time at other restaurants. Their prices are also decent. I personally thought the prices, service, and quality of food at Firebirds far surpassed The Keg.My husband and I will definitely continue to come to this restaurant over places like the Keg and more upscale steakhouses!
2	Ordered their special, which was tilapia, and overcooked and under seasoned. Their burger was average. The only saving grace to this visit was the service the booze and the crab cake appetizer.
4	Very enjoyable place to eat! We decided to stop at about 730pm on a Friday night and while it was very busy were weren't waiting long for a table. We sat at the bar and ordered some Blue Moon drafts while we waited. Very tasty. We were seated about 15 minutes later at a very comfy booth. I ordered the 22 oz prime rib. My guest had the grilled shrimp and strawberry salad. We were brought fresh bread, still hot from the oven, to enjoy while we waited for our entrees. There's really nothing better than fresh bread, in my opinion. The entrees were a little slow to come out but my guest was very pleased with her very beautiful and tasty salad. My herb roasted prime rib was delicious as well and came out cooked exactly as I had requested. The mashed potatoes I had as a side were very tasty as well. If we disregard the time it took to get our entrees, I would say the service was fantastic. She was very attentive and seemed to be conscious of not interrupting the conversation. The price was reasonable for a steak house type dinner and I most certainly consider this place as superior alternative to Outback Steakhouse or Black Angus type of restaurant. I would highly recommend!
4	Okay, usually, I don't like chain steakhouse restaurants (ie. The Keg, Outback. etc), but I would have to say Firebirds is one of my favorite steakhouses by far. (both taste and price)The services varies depending on the waiter/waitress, but food is very consistent. My favorite is their prime rib and fillet mignon. Also delicious bread (free!) is served. Good drinks as well (martinis)I'm a fan!
5	I first learned of Firebirds a couple years ago by "Lets try something new."  That new place because a favorite of mine in Chandler.  I would go as to say this is probably the best steak Ive had in town.  When you first pull int the parking lot, you can smell the grill from a mile away.  Just an incredible smell.  Thinking about it right now makes me want to jump into my car and head over there.The staff is very nice there and of course like all fine dining places, everyone there looks like they stepped off of GQ and Vogue Magazines. The place has a nice steakhouse feel to it.  Wood all over, deer head mounted on all, and you can see the cooks making your food right in the back.  Always nice to see what's going on with the food.  The things I love most about this place is their bread.  Fresh sour dough loaves that come out piping hot with butter.  I call it "Butt Bread;" for those who have been here, you know why.  Best bread Ive had at a restaurant.Another great addition is their BLT salad.  They have this great garlic ranch dressing that I have not seen anywhere else.  That with bacon bits, lettuce and tomato... delicious.My personal favorite is their rib-eye and their dipped in, loaded baked potato.  I get the same thing every time now.  Yes I have tried other things and they were amazing.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.My parents went with my girlfriend and I once and my dad ate 3 loaves of the bread himself.  Yeah... good stuff.
5	Firebirds, how I love thee? You deliver the perfect piece of meat everytime - whether prime rib, sirloin or ribeye. Because of this, I don't even know what other proteins you serve, nor do I care. You always have room for me to sit near the grill where the smell is devine. Your wait staff is well-informed and happy to be at their job. But surprisingly, my favorite thing about you is your loaded baked potato! I'm not sure how the skin is so crisp and salty, and the toppings more fresh and mouth-watering than your steak. Yes, you are expensive and I do not care for your fat-ridden del Monaco. But we should love our favorites unconditionally.
4	definitely wasn't in the mood to have steak until i got here. not too busy on a sunday night. i ordered the filet and shrimp. anything that has bacon wrapped around it is a winner. i heart bacon. my steak was perfectly cooked medium and it was a good size. the shrimp was a bit on the salty side...actually the whole dish was a bit salty for my taste. i got the fully loaded baked potato instead of the mashed and it was delicious. great service. all in all a very solid experience. =)
4	Came with parents on the last sunday I spent with them in Arizona. Pluses:- Spacious parking lot- Fast seating and Courteous staff. seriously, all of them were so friendly and definitely worked to keep their customers happy.- Food is amazing and comes in generous portions (always the best)! They are really generous about specific requests you have with your order. - meats are cooked just right. you know when you ask medium rare for something but they cook it medium or medium well?? yeah, none of that!- They congratulate birthdays/anniversaries with a free desert/candle. it's sooo cute and sooo good. We got a huge slice of cheesecake. By this time our stomachs were literally about to explode.Why it's not a 5?- They have an open kitchen and although it's not that big of a deal (since you get to see what foods they serve for future reference), im just not a big fan of it- Lighting is too dim for me. Yeah, it sets the mood but it doesn't have to be thaaat dark
5	A few months ago, I was headed towards another restaurant to use my gift card, but wandered into Firebirds by mistake -- and what a happy "mistake" it was!  This has turned into one of our favorate places to go.  The food is consistently good.  By signing up to receive emails, we've gotten coupons for appetizers, desserts, and discounts. Someone else mentioned s/he wasn't a fan of open kitchens.  However, we do like that arrangement.  It's far enough away to not be intrusive.  The bar has a fireplace that's nice to sit by on chilly days.  The fresh-baked sourdough bread is among the best served by any restaurant. The coconut shrimp appetizer was big enough for a meal, and the grilled tenderloin salad enough for a male friend of ours.  For dessert, I'm not usually a fan of brownies, but the salted caramel sauce added just the right touch.
5	Visited Firebirds this evening and were delighted.  We were a party of four.  Three ordered prime rib and one the crab cakes.  All of our prime ribs were ordered medium rare and all came to our table in clones of perfection.  I was allowed a taste of the crab cake and it was delicious.  Service was attentive and staff well trained.  Simply perfect.would have liked more options as sides.  What you get is perfect prime rib and a baked potato.  Would have liked to have had the option of ordering perhaps a salad instead of the potato.  Baked potato was 3 stars.
3	I'm working in Phoenix this week with another company guy, so we both looked on Yelp! and settled on Firebirds - a well rated restaurant in the Chandler Fashion District, close to the office we are working at.  On entering (early evening), we were greeted with a lovely smoky smell that tantalized.  Seating was immediate by a friendly hostess.The restaurant has a relatively dark interior similar to many other steak houses.  I could hear the music, but it sounded like it was coming from another room.  They could have piped it in to the main room quietly so that it didn't have the distant echoy effect.My dining companion ordered a strawberry lemonade that was served in a pint glass with a sugared rim.  There were slices of fruit inside and froth on top - evidence of its fresh taste.  I, as usual, ordered coffee and that was much more bitter than I like.  Dark roasts that have been left to heat too long always taste the same, and it isn't good.Since so many people liked the crab cakes, we ordered those for an appetizer.  To my mind, they had too much of a strong celery taste.  The spicy marmalade sauce that they came with complemented the crab cakes excellently.  The slaw had crispy tortilla strips in it and a nice light dressing - very tasty.Our ceasar salads arrived.  The usual romaine lettuce was well dressed and augmented by in-house made croutons (the bread also being baked in-house) and nice slices of parmesan cheese.  Unfortunately, the parmesan was the only salt component, so the salad was fairly flat.I ordered the Durango burger - a chile spiced affair with pepper jack cheese, fried onions and roasted garlic ranch dressing.  Unfortunately, despite the tantalizing smell when we entered the restaurant, there was no smokiness on the burger.  Nor was there any spice.  They grind the meat in-house, so the medium rare burger had a good texture ans taste to it.  However I wanted punch, and got none.My dining companion ordered the smoke house burger with bbq sauce, applewood smoked bacon and grated cheddar cheese.  There was too much bbq sauce included, and the cheddar cheese was not melted.  The bacon was the highlight here.  He also had fries (whereas I opted to replace the fries with my salad).  The portion size on the fries could only be described as small, and the fries were left behind as unappetizing.Overall, an average place.  It's certainly a place I will go to again, but I'm likely to try other offerings in the area before I choose to go back.
2	I toyed with the idea of 3 stars here, because the service was attentive, the cocktails were good, and the food was at least passable.  But not much more than that.  What got me a bit perturbed was that the whole attitude here reeks of some giant corporate machine (and how are we doing today, sir?  and how are we enjoying our meal sir?)  Everything was very expensive, too, and that knocks them down another notch.A group of 6 of us arrived during happy hour, and had a wait of 20 minutes.  Not bad, and they were true to their word.  We bellied up to the bar and were informed that drinks were $5 (or was it $7) but only well drinks were that price.  Four martinis cost over $40.  Now I'm prepared to pay that in a big city, but this is suburban Chandler.  And it was happy hour!  Who drinks a vodka martini in a supposedly nice restaurant with well vodka?  Arrghhh, I am ranting now.I had a salad and a steak.  The steak was a little overdone but tasty.  But then again, you can't screw up a ribeye too badly.  Nor a salad.  I can't even remember my side, I think it was mashed potatoes, and they tasted like, well, plain mashed potatoes.Great decor, but I won't be back to see it again.
4	i will GLADLY spend $20-something on one meal here. GLAD. LY. This is what I ate:Sirloin on the wood grill with green beans. and a side of raw horseradish.  i basically licked my plate. It was one of the best steaks i've had in a LONG time. there were no imperfections on my cut of meat, i was able to eat every single bite of that 12 ounce beautiful hunk of cow. I mean, i wasn't able to eat for the rest of the day but so worth it. I didn't have to trim off any questionable pieces, every bite was perfection.the flavors of the wood grill are very strong and pure bliss. and the seasoning made me sing. and the green beans were rock stars. although, i saw someone dipping the large steak fries in au jus and i got a little jealous that i didn't order fries but maybe next time. and i mean, if you think about it, since this is all i ate that day it averaged out to like $10 per meal if i pretend to divide it out and that's a steal!
3	Met my cousin for dinner the other night. Very attentive service (I love having my water refilled without asking), but my burger was very ordinary for $11, although my wife's spinach/salmon salad was good. This style of restaurant is not usually my forte anyway, and I wouldn't go back.
3	Late afternoon lunch to celebrate my friend's birthday.  Must say my focus was more on the company than the food but here's what I can tell you:Friends ordered the Lobster Spinach Queso for an appetizer.  I had a little and it was tasty but not spectacular.  Nice big chunks of lobster which was a nice surprise.  I had the Pecan Crusted Trout.  The fish itself was so-so, not much seasoning and the portion was small.  It comes with a peach/cilantro salsa on top that I didn't care for and scraped off.  The star on the plate was the side of tortilla slaw.  Red cabbage, carrots, tortilla strips in a vinegary dressing.  I ate all of that and could have eaten more.Their bread...to die for.  I could have been happy sitting there eating just that with butter and they could have charged as much as my entree and still I'd be happy. The birthday girl had the Aspen Sirloin and said it was just okay.  My other friend ordered the French Dip Sandwich but she was so into her side dishes that she filled up too fast and didn't even try it.  I'll let you know if she says it was good as leftovers.  The side that she said was great was the Southwest Au Gratin Potatoes.  The birthday girl loved her free dessert, the Big Daddy Chocolate Cake.  I love a low-key birthday dessert presentation and Firebirds did it well, just a candle and a happy birthday wish, no songs.  The portion of gooey chocolate cake was huge, with vanilla ice cream and raspberry sauce on the side.  Very yum.Service was great, drinks were refilled frequently.  The staff was patient with us, not asking us to clear out as we sat chatting even though the dinner crowd was descending.  One note about the parking...it was fine when we got there around 3:45 but it was a death match as we were leaving.  People trolling around, cutting each other off, zooming into spaces.  Craziness!
3	Firebirds has something for everyone and it is a safe choice when dining with a group.  The food is just basic American: steaks, chops, and fish with sides of mashed potatoes and green beans.  But they do it well.  I think they make a pretty good steak but I love their salads for lunch or when I am in the mood for a lighter dinner.  Oh, and they have some decent burgers, too.  Wine list has some well priced bottles on there and they also have a list of specialty cocktails but they are sorely lacking in beer options.Unfortunately, due to its proximity to the mall, the dining area can sometimes have a few overtired kids but if you arrive later or sit in the bar area it is possible to have a romantic evening.   They keep the lighting low and the music subtle.  The decor is a bit corporate but has its own middle America charm to it and adds the right amount of flare without being too over the top.  A solid 3 1/2 stars.
4	Love this place! Every time I'm in town on business I eat here... Almost always the colorado chicken salad... Sometimes ADD sirloin!! And usually buy another salad to go for lunch at work. HH is decent, too. MGMT ALERT--- great that Keith is a Jets fan, but insulting the customers because he saw their team logo on something just doesn't work. After 3 separate comments about what he Would've done to my food if he'd have known my team, I asked if I should send my food back. His reply? "I didn't do anything to it cuz I didn't know before I handed it to you!" I'M SORRY, WHAT???
4	I  like the modern rustic feel of this place. I felt relaxed eating at this spot. My husband and I came here to enjoy the Barbeque Chicken salad. It was fantastic! We also tried the Chicken Tortilla soup. It was delightful really stood out from your traditional Chicken Tortilla soup. I am eager to try more things on the menu next time.
5	A special treat as it's a little pricey but love the gluten free options!  The ambiance is really nice as well.  When I've been short on time we eat at the bar.
4	We happened upon this place since we were in Chandler for other business.  Nice, relaxing atmosphere, wonderful decor.  Our server was Naomi and she provided great personable/fun service.  One thing I always watch is how the crew works.  The entire crew worked as team, including the management.  Very customer friendly restaurant.  I also really like, and prefer, going to restaurants with the open kitchens out in front of the customers.I do not eat red meat, but there are menu items that I could chose from.  Since I am a big salad eater, there were some nice ones to chose from.  The menu did seem a little limited overall though.  This place is a definite must for the meat and potatoes eaters.My son had the wood fired salmon special ($14), which was probably the best he has had here in the valley (I took a small taste and found it mouth watering good).  The mixed vegetable medley that came with the dinner, was cooked to the point of  just being soggy veggies.  Absolutely no nutritional value in them and not very good.  We left them on the plate.  Still enough food with the salmon piece and the mashed potatoes, that he was full, which is rare for him.I had the spinach/mushroom salad ($11).  Interesting that the spinach was sliced up rather than served in it's leaflets.  Nice simple salad and very good delicious vinaigrette dressing.  Quite a bit, so I had lunch for the next day.We will definitely be returning next time we have the opportunity to be in the southeast valley.  I look forward to trying something different on the menu.  When they get one up here in the North Scottsdale area, we will be regulars.
3	This review is for their brownie and coffee only. Their dessert is fairly good. The BF took me here for a treat, as I've been craving chocolate all week and haven't had any. The brownie was alright, a little dry around the edges, but it came with a salted caramel sauce that was veeery tasty. The coffee was also fine, and the service was good. I'd think about coming back here for dessert again, especially if it is late ish at night, since they are open until 10.
4	Since we live near Chandler Mall, this happens to be one place we frequent about once a week....sometimes more (ok, we eat out a LOT!).  I have never had a bad meal here.  The place has a great wood smoked smell inside and it's a bit dark inside, which I kind of like and provides a nice atmosphere.  They have an open kitchen so you know your food hasn't been sitting under a heat lamp for 10 min.  During the winter, the bar inside is great, as it has a huge fireplace and an inviting atmosphere to partake in some cocktails.  The outdoor patio also has a fireplace and a great place to sit when it's not too hot.  So what should you order there?  Here are my favorites, depending on your mood:The filet wrapped in bacon is a delicious staple at Firebirds.  The meat is tender and always cooked perfectly (I like mine medium rare +).Wood grilled salmon - some of the best salmon I have had!  LOVE the flavor of the wood.Ahi tuna appetizer - if you're going light and like ahi, I highly recommend this from the starter menu.  The mustard sauce they serve with it has a mighty big kick and is one of my favorites.  I've tried to recreate it at home, without success. Green beans as a side option - ohhhh I know what you are thinking!!  Green beans? Yuck.  I'll get something else.  Well, everything is good but the green beans are the BEST!  They are sauteed with pecans and a little butter and they are soooo delicious.  You won't know it's a veggie!! As far as a chain restaurant goes, this is a top pick for me.  Check it out!!  You can't go wrong.
5	This place is really really good.  Simple food, but done very well.  Service is good.  A tad pricey, but even something as basic as a steak is done extremely well.  Better than most of those snooty expensive places, too.
5	Excellent everything! This is our new special occasion dinner spot. We arrived at 6:30 on a Sat night with reservations. By 7, the place was packed. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful. There is no dress code, so you had people from very casual to business casual. I noticed a few well-mannered young kids around as well. I liked the medium-lit atmosphere and tables were spread out so as not to feel crowded. Even with all tables full and people waiting, the noise level was great. We did not have appetizers, but several were tempting. The mixed green salad was one of the BEST I've ever had. We both got the 9oz bacon-wrapped filet mignon, medium rare, and they were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The loaded baked potatoes were just the right size and a side of port mushrooms went well with the meal. I can say that the wait-staff and kitchen are VERY efficient, each course coming out immediately after the other. So, if you want a slow casual dining experience, let your wait-staff know to slow things down. For me, our meal was the perfect speed (a little over 1 hour). It was about $90 for our meal + tip, which I felt was a fair value.
3	I visited Firebirds with my wife during the recent Arizona Restaurant Week. I didn't realize it was a chain until after I'd made reservations. This would usually be a nonstarter for locavores like us, but the prix-fixe menu looked appealing and it was close to home for a weeknight dinner, so we stuck with the plan.The place is BIG. Claim Jumper big, but not obscene like Cheesecake Factory. This was a bit of a put-off, but the dim lighting and well-spaced seating made it feel a bit more intimate. The smell of wood smoke in the entryway was delightful and did a good job communicating what Firebirds is all about. Both the hostess and waiter were polite and knowledgeable. Service was attentive but not rushed on what appeared to be a slow weeknight; we spent an hour or so enjoying our dinner rather than feeling like a "turn."The Restaurant Week menu was a great bargain at 30 bucks a head for an app, entree and dessert. Learning that wine by the bottle was half price that night was just a cherry on top. They started us out with a nice bit of crusty fresh baked bread.For apps, the boss had a crab cake and I ordered Firebirds' signature BLT salad. The crab cake was well seasoned, if a bit mushy in the center. The accompanying coleslaw was a split decision--I liked it, but she didn't enjoy the tortilla strips that were meant to add crunch. Honestly, the crisp purple cabbage provided plenty of texture. I'm not usually a salad guy, but the BLT was fantastic. The finely-diced tomatoes and abundant large bits of crisp thick-cut bacon appeared in every bite and it was tossed with just the right amount of creamy garlic dressing.Our entrees were nicely prepared, which is a tall order when one of them is a pork tenderloin--a cut that's not naturally flavorful and very easy to dry out. Mine was done to a perfect medium (as promised by our waiter) with a moist, barely pink center despite a great char from the grill. Another half teaspoon of the glaze and it would've been perfect. The wife's sea bass was cooked and seasoned well, but the thickness of the fillet was inconsistent, resulting in slightly overcooked edges. The potato sides (chile cheddar mash for me and a potato pancake for her) were both excellent but overabundant. We sure would've loved some fresh veg instead of all those carbs (and plenty of butter, no doubt).Our desserts were nothing to write home about. The flute of mixed fresh berries and cream was light and refreshing, but nothing more than you'd expect. The chocolate brownie a la mode was a bit dense and lacked the chocolate punch and fudgy texture I look for in a good brownie; it certainly didn't give the impression that it was baked in house.With the exception of the potato sides mentioned above, portion sizes were appropriate--satisfying but not excessive. The prices listed on the regular menu for the items we ordered were pushing the limits of what I'd consider fair; they certainly wouldn't be what I'd consider a bargain.Overall, we were impressed. This three-star review is in part a reflection of my personal preference for small, locally-owned restaurants with executive chefs you know by name. Compared head-to-head against its true peers (upper-echelon national chains), it's deserving of four stars and will be one of our go-to places when we need a safe choice for a nice dinner with a mixed group of friends or family.
4	I've eaten at Firebirds many times because it's one of the better eateries located around Chandler Mall.  They are very consistent - the food is well prepared, cooked to your specifications, and seasoned properly.  This weekend, we took a friend out for some Birthday steaks.  The meal started with bread, which was tasty and warm out of the oven.  We didn't get any appetizers this time, but have gotten both the Ranch Rings and the Potato Skins in the past - both are fantastic.  Three of us ordered the same thing - the sirloin steak, which is a lot of meat for less than $20.  One of us got it well, another medium, and I got it medium rare.  They were all cooked properly and given to the right person - no trading!  The steak was flavorful and tender, and served with an excellent baked potato.  This is a throwaway side at many restaurants, but not here - the outside is salted, it's not microwaved, and it's loaded with quality cheese and bacon.  Delicious!  The other people in our party ordered the Chicken BLT salad and the Strawberry Goat Cheese salad and enjoyed them.  Firebirds does not skimp with the toppings - they're fresh and plentiful.  The goat cheese is especially good.We sat outside, because they have a nice patio with misters.  The only complaint about that would be the singer that was performing on the patio - she was pretty bad and too loud, but I can't blame the restaurant for that.I only have one gripe that kept this from being a 5 star review - they took my favorite burger off the menu!  It had green chile and goat cheese... amazing.  Though the other burgers are good, nothing quite compares.
4	Very good food and great service. I'd come back =)
3	We got there,we waited 11 minutes to get drinks after we order them.bout 4_5 for waters.18 mins for bread.22 mins in after we order the coconut shrimp appeetizerrrr it cam.no balance of flavor w the jumbo shrimp and coconut,it was displayed nicley however on a bed of orange chuntey sauce with a southwest coleslaw in the middle.which i liked alot.I order the chili rub filet w lobster tail medium rare,steak and lobster were good,the chili rub was hype,no flavor,the spicy walnut sting beans were good.the medium steak my dad order was not,the drinks were small and low in alcohol, not that I want them strong.it took forever to get drinks throughout night.but I like to taste if its well or not,so that means its water down crap..the waitress and buser made alot of small talk espcially when she dropped off our check,thats a huge no no.come on.i think they were nervous because there mangers were hovering every move,even in the kitchen,have a lilttle faith in your employees and let them open up.you cant let a flower grow if you smother it with shade.i wish the manager would have told the 10 top next to us to have there kids stop running around the table and bumping into everyone.its not dave n busters.instead i had to say something.,food deliver between appetizers and meal was perfect..I might go back to try the fish,,suto fancy strip mall
5	Great food and great atmosphere! The food was delicious. Loved the fried spinach. We will definitely return.
4	Firebirds is pretty awesome. The food is good, the service is good and the ambiance is nice. There are moose heads on the walls and ridiculously high ceilings, so it's got that "Classy Elks Club Hunting Lodge" type feel to it...It's really open, yet cozy.  I like the wood grilled options on the menu (go figure), and their grilled chicken is especially delicious.The ranch rings are um...stupid good. They are my favorite onion rings ever, and they're accompanied by the best ranch ever. So, it's pretty safe to assume that I recommend you try them if you like rings (and who doesn't like rings???). I also really like their salads, which you'll need to start eating more of if you order the ranch rings. Their ribs are also very good, and they make a pretty good burger as well.The only downside here is that it's retiree central in this place. I don't know what it is about Firebirds, but old people flock to this place like it's Pensacola, Florida in November. If you dine here, get ready to wait for a little while and plan to stub your toe on a walker or two...In all seriousness, respect the your elders...Also, Firebirds is a great place to get lunch or dinner. Highly recommend.
4	I sat at the bar -right next to the fantastic fireplace. I had a cheeseburger with bacon, and a couple blue moons. The burger was fantastic- smoky flavor from the wood fire grill, crisp lettuce, onions, and tomato. Beer was very cold -and delicious... Bartenders were friendly, and the mood very relaxed in the cozy bar setting.  Firebirds is great, and I will try to make this a part of my fine dining rotation of favorites.
4	Food was well prepared and tasty(blue cheese filet & salmon). Service was good. Only problem is the place was loud so probably not good for quiet conversation. A little pricey @ $30-40 pp (we dont drink). All in all a delicious meal.
4	Finally, a place to get an exceptional steak without going to one of the 'Prime' restaurants.  We've been looking since moving here a few years back for a descent steak & I've had some good ones but none as good as here.  While it won't rival the prime cut steaks, it is quite close and at only $21 for a 12oz ribeye and a loaded potato, what a deal. My wife had the spiced chicken pasta bowl and I'd give it 4 stars too, though I thought a little more chicken and less pasta would of been the perfect touch.The onion ring appetizer is very nice as is the ambiance & service.While its a 25 minute drive for me, I'd make the trip again and again.
5	A fantastic lunch, and my favorite was the amazing cocktail I enjoyed.  I cannot remember the name of it but it's the pomegranate drink under the martinis, not to be missed!  My husband enjoyed a steak and said it was really good, my mom loved her pecan trout, but she didn't love the slaw that comes with it.  My son enjoyed his Chicken tenders, they even come with a little package of two oreos!  The potatoes are delicious!!! Oh and the bread that comes at the beginning of your meal is really tasty as well. I can't wait to try dessert next time.Also service was AMAZING!  We will absolutely be back again and again!
2	My previous review was 4 stars, but this time(12-23-11), things were different.  There were 3 girls behind the bar.  The one that initially took my order gave me my beer, but the beer was not very cold, and the glass appeared to have just been washed - it was warm which is not good especially when the beer is $6...  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  After that, and I kid you not, this was the last time I was acknowledged at the bar- mainly because the girl that took my order apparantly went on break and the other 2 did not seem to interested in taking care of me.  My cheeseburger arrived and it was well done- as in over cooked so much the edges were burnt - after I had specifically ordered it medium.   When I needed another beer, I had to flag one of the bartenders down. As I was eating, I sat there for maybe 5 minutes with no one so much as looking at my empty beer.   She finally brought me a beer and was not polite at all- acted like she was put out - no smile, no asking if I needed anything else.  I have to tell you, there were maybe 10-12 people at the bar, and these 3 girls could NOT handle everyone.  Yes, it was busy in the restaurant for dinner, but that does not mean they ignore the customers at the bar. The next bartender that came over to start washing the glasses, started talking to the guy next to me about her kids xmas presents - she had a loud voice and the last thing I wanted to hear was her whine about her kids while I ate my burger.  Well, that is what happened - for at least 5 minutes.  In a supposedly upscale place, do I really need to listen to that???  My nerves had just about had it...   When I tried to pay, I waited 5 minutes to get someone to take my credit card.  With no one paying attention enough to get my bill taken care of, I threw down some cash and left.  I have to tell you, I cannot remember the time I left less than 15% tip, but this time I did.  I could not wait to get the heck out of there.  I was not happy at all and was in fact, very upset and mad at the situation when I left.  I should have complained to the manager but just wanted to get out of there.   Next time, I will just drive thru INN-N-OUT and save $15, get better service, and better food.
3	Ok, so this is an update.  I keep wanting to give Firebirds another chance, so we went there last night since I had a gift cert from xmas...  We arrive and it is approx 1 hour wait.  So we went into the standing area in the bar.  We stood by the fire which is really nice.  But for 30 min, not 1 waitress asked us for a drink order.  Finally a couple chairs at the bar open up so we sit down.  The bar was dirty since people had just finished eating, and the tip was still sitting there.  I told my date, lets time it to see how long it takes for someone to wait on us.  It took 9 minutes for the bartender to come over to us and say, " I will be right with you....after he grabbed the tip and abrubty left".  Then after that, it took him another 5 minutes to take our order.  We ordered 2 glasses of wine.  5 oz glasses, a total of $14 plus tax.  I saw what he poured us.  I could have bought 2 bottles of the same wine on sale at frys for what I paid for 2 very small glasses.  He brought the 2 chards, and sat the glasses down - in the dirty mess, and left.  I had to wave him over to ask for the counter to be wiped free of obvious food crumbs.  I asked my date how much I should leave the guy for a tip - her reply was - he deserves not one dime.  3 times in a row, we have been dissappointed with the bar service at Firebirds.  After about an hour, we went in for dinner.  We both had salmon and it was very good.  Loaded potato was great and vegis fresh, salmon cooked nicely.  But, I think I am done with the bar....  The manager really needs to know about this type of customer dis-satisfaction - not once, but 3 times in a row...
4	Ate there during the last restaurant week.  Good food...had a blackened steak....vey good.  Have tried to go back on a Friday and/or Saturday...too many people to wait though.  I generally take this to mean the food is good.  Having said that I'm not willing to wait, so I move on.
3	Better than the Firebirds I went to in Charlotte.  The tortilla soup is pretty flavorful.  Not sure why the ribeye was 1/4 inch thick.  Ribeyes should be at least 3/4 inch thick.  Might have something to do with using a wood fired grill instead of a broiler, but still a bit odd.  Very tasty steak.  My wife loved the brownie dessert with the special sauce.
5	Last weekend my husband and I returned to Firebirds for lunch. I had the most fabulous barbeque chicken sandwich. My husband got the barbeque burger but was less than satisfied. He requested to have his burger with a little pink in the middle but when it came out it was definitely overdone. The waiter and manager immediately made things right and got him a burger that was the way he requested. They also insisted that we choose a dessert to compensate for the mistake. We ordered the carrot cake that comes with salted caramel on the side. Needless to say it was AMAZING! The waiter told us next time to definitely try the ribs since we loved the barbeque sauce. I think we will be returning soon to try it!
5	Best steak I've had in AZ!!!
5	I decided to do an update to my original review.  Yes, we still give 5 stars.  Today is my third or fourth visit.  My first visit was April 2010 on my anniversary.I had the Aspen Sirloin, and it was very good.  Light seasoning, but just enough for a nice flavor.  Meat was juicy even though I like mine medium-well (very little pink).  Sometimes places when they try to achieve 'medium-well' will dry the steak out.  Firebirds got it just right!The Parmesan mashed potatoes were also very nice.  Good flavor without being overpowering (Parmesan can be pretty strong).And the bread service was great.  It comes out fresh and hot!  I love fresh bread still warm from the oven!  I do wish they had a wheat loaf like Black Angus, though.  But it was wonderful.They offer numerous dishes here, not just steaks.  You can get salmon, chicken, pasta, even burgers and sandwiches.  So far I've tried the Aspen Sirloin, and the au poive steak (I've had that twice...it's totally awesome!).Their fresh lemonade was perfect!  It's not the swill from the fountain.  This is real, fresh lemonade.  Truly wonderful.A bit pricey, but I highly recommend this place if you want good American cuisine.  Nothing fancy, but what they do is done extremely well.  Simple flavors to accentuate the entree, not cover it up.  I'm not sure any of the high-end fancy places could do any better.  Probably not as good, in many instances.
3	The food was pretty good. Nothing special or out of the ordinary except for the fried spinach that comes with one of the salmon dishes. That was really interesting but I'm  not sure I would eat more than a couple bites. I had the coconut shrimp and it wasn't the best I've had. I couldn't taste the coconut and the breading was too thick. They were just okay. The service was just okay, too. There were nine of us and they only brought one loaf of bread. They kept saying the bread was baking but we saw several other tables get their bread. We were all done eating when they finally brought a second loaf. I doubt I'll ever go back.
3	I just can't get into this place. Maybe it is because the prices are a bit high and the menu a bit limited? It's just "meh" to me.
3	Went last night with the boyfriend and my aunt... Burger was decent, but all of the burgers are between $11 and $15 dollars. I hate paying that much for a cheeseburger! I got the durango, which I was expecting to have a kick, with the chilies and pepper jack cheese... but they forgot the chilies and you couldn't really taste the cheese at all. The portion of fries was truly delicious, just wish there were more then 8 fries. Coleslaw was very dry... Skip it. The bread they bring is amazing, we definitely asked for seconds. My boyfriend had the French dip and ate every last bite. My aunt had the spinach salad and it was huge and delicious. The wait staff was excellent, the hostess was adorable and very sweet. Our waitress was talkative and helpful without being over bearing or pushy, and the chocolate brownie is a for sure thing... Especially when dipped in the sea salt caramel. The staff and the dessert almost pushed me to 4 stars... But the portions and the prices were a little too gourmet for this American grill.
1	The food, drinks and service at the bar during happy hour on Friday, April 13th were HORRIBLE.  The supposed "corporate trainer bartender" made the WORST drinks, jam-paced with ice-you only got about 2 drinks out of the glass before it was empty.  The bar was filthy dirty and she did not clean up after customers and we waited a long time only to get cold food.  The place was not busy as it was only 4pm - absolutely no excuse.  If she is a "corp trainer" then they are in trouble !!!
5	this is my all-time favorite restaurant. i go every year for my birthday and order the filet. the service is always phenomenal! our most recent waitress was from california (i don't remember her name) but she made small talk with us and seemed genuinely glad to be taking care of us. a few of the line cooks i had previously worked with at romano's maraconi grill (which has since closed down) were cooking. she kindly walked me up to the line to say hi!the filet is always cooked to perfection (or should i say not-so-cooked; i like mine still mooing) and be sure to add the green bean side for only $5. they're cinnamon-sweet! i usually go for the key lime pie as dessert, but recently i chose the creme brulee cheesecake. heaven in my mouth.
4	Loved my visit here. I was talked into the meatloaf for dinner. I have never ordered meatloaf at a restaurant, but tonight I did. The combination of meatloaf, and a bit of mashed potatoes and gravy on my fork......HEAVEN. I was sure to chew in every corner of my mouth....my taste buds were going crazy.......
5	We have been going to Firebirds for years.  Used to be there was never a wait, but then the word got around and it's crowded quite a bit.  Oh well.  Doesn't stop us!  Love this place!  Steaks are great, Port mushrooms?  Yup!  Spiced Green Beans?  Oh yeah.  The BLT salad rocks, you name it, it's good.  The service has always been great from the hostess to the wait staff.  If I could only go to one place the rest of my life, this would have to be it (but only because Pizzaria Bianco doesn't serve steak!).
4	I always forget to review this place!I've gone for dinner 4 or 5 times in the past 3-4 yrs which makes it about once a year...definitely good enough to return (we went last Friday night) but I think the reasons I don't return more often are:a) a bit pricey ($5 for a side of mushrooms is kinda crazy)b) menu is pretty limited and nothing is spectacular or even uniquec) there are so many other restaurants--especially in that Chandler Mall area--that something else always wins outThat being said, I've never had a bad experience. Steaks/Prime Rib have always been cooked exactly as I ordered and the Salmon is wonderful too. Wish the dinners came with a vegetable or salad as well as the potato but, alas...Service has always been attentive and the hosting staff never snotty. Like the dimly lit lodge look of the place as well.Yes, I would recommend this place but with price/menu caveats mentioned above.
5	One of the things my wife and I are huge on is customer service.  Ever since we have been to this establishment, we have been treated like family.  The managers make us very comfortable and even have special dishes prepared for us when we come.  Waitstaff is always pleasant to work with and know us quite well.  The best thing I have eaten there was the Delmonico steak and the grilled flounder (not on the menu, but it should be).  But even if you don't get a custom dish, their regular fare does not disappoint.
4	Always reliable and they have something for everyone.
1	I heard about this restaurant when I lived in Memphis and was very excited to find one in Arizona while we were visiting. Unfortunately my expectations were far from reality. Our waitress was rude from beginning, she only made eye contact with the men at the table and even neglected to enter one of our orders. Three dinner entrees arrived 25 minutes later when we had ordered dinners for four. The fourth entree was delivered to our table about another 20 minutes later after everyone else had already finished their meals. The waitress failed to apologize and the manager gave a subpar apology. The food quality was not worth the wait or the horrible service. The only positive things about this visit were the cocktails and the very nice hostess staff.
5	Love this place!  In reading the reviews noticed that no one mentioned their delicious key lime pie!  We like many other items on the menu along with the service but we LOVE the key lime pie!  Next time you go give it a try!
4	I came here by myself because non of my fellow conference peeps wanted to walk 10 minutes to dinner.  I'm glad I made that short walk to here because I enjoyed eating their prime rib.  It was cooked just right and it was rested correctly.  Needless to say, I was so stuffed that my 10 minute walk became a 15 walk back to the hotel.
5	Went there for lunch, we had a reservation so seating wasn't a problem.Waiter was professional. Bread was hot and fresh. My steak sandwich and sweet potato fries were great. My iced-tea never got below half a glass.That's outstanding!
4	After a recent visit here with my parents, husband, and sister I just had to write an update and give them an extra star. In spite of a few picky eaters in the group everyone was extremely happy with their meals.  Even my 7 year old nephew! Apparently they have a great kids menu... who knew?This is not really my go-to restaurant since I usually prefer more ethnic or unique food.  But their all-American menu with a wide variety of well-prepared dishes makes them the perfect place to bring out of town guests.  Steaks, chops, salads... and for lunch a variety of burgers that are all fantastic with those wonderfully tasty sweet potato waffle fries!  I also am very addicted to their bread and the lobster cheese dip appetizer.The service is always good.  Competent and friendly but still formal enough that you don't feel like you are at TGIFridays.  Even the decor is sort of a chain but not a chain.  A few stuff on the walls to make it clear that they have a theme but not overly kitchy.  Over the last few years we have taken a lot of people here and everyone always leaves happy.Well done, Firebirds!
4	Lobster Queso Dip and the BLT Salad! Amazing!  Make sure you save a little bit of the fresh baked bread for the bottom of your dip bowl....yummmm!  Bravo Firebirds
4	Love their fire grilled salmon
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  From the moment you sit down, the service is warm and friendly which is always a great start.  They also bring warm crispy on the outside, nice and doughy on the inside bread with salted butter. Yummo!!The food is top notch quality and always fresh and great.  The prices are perfect too!I just don't understand why there isn't one of these on every corner like their sub-par competitors?
5	Great food, great service, highly recommend the pecan crusted trout!
5	My quick summary: Fabulous dining for any reason.My fiance and I usually go here in the evenings for date nights.  But yesterday my 10 coworkers and I went her for a work lunch.  I was amazed at how smoothly the service went for 11 people.  Our waitress was fantastic and the food was amazing, as always.Since I've dined here before I had to switch to a gluten free diet, I'll just go ahead and tell you about all the food, versus just what I ate yesterday.  They start you out with loaves of fresh baked bread and butter.  The crust is crispy, perfect, divine & I have no idea how they accomplish that.  I wish my baking experiments came out that well.  They were more than willing to bring out many, many loaves for the carb addicted hordes at our table.The appetizers the table shared as a group were the lobster spinach dip, smoked chicken wings, and onion rings.  I, myself, have only tried the lobster spinach dip.  It is hands down the best I have ever had.  It has just the right about of lobster so that you actually can get a bit in every bite.  I did not get to try the onion rings or wings, but they looked amazing.  There was no excess oil or anything to make either appetizer looks slightly soggy.  Everyone raved about how wonderful & perfectly cooked everything was.  I got to sit in watch in extreme envy.  Woo boy.For my entree I had the Aspen sirloin and loaded baked potato.  I ordered my steak medium rare, and shockingly, it was a true medium rare.  Most places overcook it and bring out a medium.  Not Firebird's.  And it was so juicy and delicious.  The baked potato was also amazing.  My only complaint was that they outside was pretty salty.  But, unlike most people, I am not a huge salt person.  I like spicier and/or other flavors, not so much salty ones.  So I chalk this up to my own personal taste.  It had bacon, chives, sour cream, cheese, all the goodies.I also have to rave about their pecan crusted trout with peach salsa that I've has before.  I'm not usually a fish person, but I am a salsa person so it caught my eye.  And I ate every bite.  That fish & salsa is addictingly good.The group ordered an array of dessert combos and there was no complaints from anyone.  They even brought one friend a small bowl of vanilla ice cream because she wasn't hungry enough to eat a real dessert, the wimp.Best of all, the service was continuously prompt.  Our waitress checked on us every couple of minutes for drinks, etc.  And they delivered all our dishes within moment of each others, so no one was watching other people eat, etc.  Can't wait to go back again!
5	Really enjoyed this place. The food was great and the service was awesome. The wine suggestion was on point! The place was clean with a very nice atmosphere.
4	Great girls night out... totally forgot what I had but my friend had the salmon and it was great Oh I had a steak and it was yummy....hot fresh bread was a big hit.
1	We never got a chance to try the food because we were so turned off by the way  we were treated.  The read-headed manager at this location is HORRIBLE.  How the hell she was chosen to run a customer service driven establishment is BEYOND me.  My family and I will be waiting for a table across the parking lot at The Cheesecake Factory.
2	Sesame Salmon was ok and so were the mashed potatoes but the side of fried spinach was completely pointless, tasteless and very oily. Will come back to try other items though
5	Carrie was our server. She is outstanding. We had burgers and salads. Everything was amazing. We are visiting from So Cal and we love this place...we'll be back!!!!
4	I've eaten here more often since I've gone paleo. The space is classic-almost has a Colorado lodge feel to it. The cocktails are excellent. I recommend their signature old fashioned.Last time I was here was to celebrate my brother's and my birthday-the staff even signed a little happy birthday note card for each of us.When I asked if the wings were breaded, the waitress said she'd check and also bring me a gluten free menu which was astute of her. I do wish that they'd consider a separate fryer for non-breaded items so they could put more items on their gluten free menu, but overall it was fine. I ended up with a tenderloin and a baked potato. I tried my nieces shrimp entree and it was pretty tasty too!
5	Coconut shrimp are awesome, scallop potatoes great. Steaks are great too. Salads too! Large portions. Great ambiance, like a classy mountain lodge. Great staff. I was impressed, all of the food coming out of the open grill kitchen looked awesome!
5	Amazing quality food..and service!
4	This place deserves 4.4 stars.  My only complaint is that the prices are a couple of dollars high.  I get the same thing everytime - Colorado Chicken Salad with Salmon instead of Chicken.   It costs about 15 bucks with the substitution.  Generally, it would not be quite enough for my dinner, but they serve a delicious bread and butter for free.  The salad is very good as it is not just salmon plopped on lettuce; there are plenty of other ingredients - read the menu to see what the other ingredients are but i think cranberries, dried pecans, crumbled bleu cheese are a few.  Also, the salmon is a full piece, probably 8 ounces or so.  My fiance usually gets the Shrimp and strawberry salad with seared ahi instead of the shrimp - she loves it.  It is quite a decent sized piece of tuna, sliced thinly - about 5 times the amount that the nearby cheesecake factory serves in their ahi tuna salad.Importantly, everytime I go here, the service is outstanding.
5	Update 4/27/13We visited Firebird's again this evening.  We had a wonderful dinner. My husband and I sat at a table in the bar area and were promptly greeted by our server. She was extremely helpful, polite and did not mind answering all our questions. We ordered some beer + a double shot of whiskey for my husband and champagne for myself for drinks with the lobster queso for the appetizer, which by the way was amazing. For dinner I had the sesame salmon and my husband had the 14oz NY strip. The salmon was some of the best salmon I have ever had, I was very pleased with my meal. Perfectly cooked with great flavor. My husband's steak was very flavorful, however, there was quite a bit of gristle which was inedible..... But the parts we ate were delicious. We were very happy with our visit this time, our server was excellent and the food was great. I'm glad that Firebird's were able to make things right and bring us back as guests.Update 4/16/13I was contacted by a representative from Firebird's, and was offered a gift card to make things right. Hopefully they come through and we have a much better experience on our next visit. Will update again after our next visit.Original review 3/31/13My husband and I came here for our anniversary. Food was good, I did not expect less for the price... So I'm glad the food was good. Service was lacking. Our server was slooooooowww, and nowhere to be found most of the time. She was so slow, our appetizer came out before our drinks. No sorry, not even any excuses. All the stars are for the food..... I used to love this place, but the poor service will keep me from returning.
3	Went here for lunch on our wedding anniversary. Had steak. It was a little on the salty side, but cooked well. There was nothing that really stood out about the restaurant other than that. I'd go back when I want a little more "upscale" meal.
4	Nice place for lunch or dinner... Inside area has a Houstons type atmosphere and there is generous seating on the outdoor patio. Visited ths week for lunch, service is very good and friendly. Lobster cheese dip was excellent choice for appetizer. Spinach salad extremely good. They hv a nice wine list with 5 or 8oz pours and priced accordingly. The restaurant is located in the busy Chandler Mall area and there are alot of nice eateries to choose from but this is one of the nicer ones.
5	Great food and great atmosphere.  I would recommend to anyone who would like a great steak or burger.  My favorite is the smokehouse burger with smoked cheddar cheese and bbq sauce.
5	Excellent quality
2	To sum up our dining adventure, my husband's comment as we left was "Well, that was a totally forgettable experience".    I had a glass of wine, and wanted another glass to go with the actual meal........the waitress never returned.   Even though I had an empty wine  and water glass and my husband's ice tea was empty.   Overall, the food was fine, but at the prices charged, one should not have to be looking around, hoping to spot their waitress in order to get a beverage refill.    I ordered the bleu cheese filet and it was delicious.   My husband ordered the Delmonico steak, cooked medium well.   It was definitely done WELL, no pink in sight.   He ate it anyway, since no one checked on how it was and he was hungry.Would go elsewhere next time.
5	Oh crap.So good. So good that I kept saying "This is so good...so good..." while I was allowing beautifully moist, perfectly grilled, and flavorful pieces of Filet Mignon dissolve on my tongue. This was in between happy bites of grill lobster,  rich and buttery.Yes, this meal was a bit pricey - 39 bucks from the Surf n Turf, but if I was gonna do it? I was gonna do it right. I recently started eating meat again, so we came to a Steakhouse. Sorry cows...Anyway - Service was great, the drinks were tasty, and the food was incredible.I recommend ending with the Creme Brulee Cheesecake for dessert, and starting with a well crafted cocktail.Boombastic fantastic!
4	Great wood fired food
4	Sort of like a poor mans version of Ruth Chris's steak house  or a rich mans version of Frasher's steak house.  Food was good but not great. Service was very good.  Plenty of wine choices but very limited beer menu. I find it a shame when you have a nice place that thinks that wine is cultured but beer is not.
4	I cannot really tell you anything about the menu in this restaurant because we eat in the bar during happy hour. The wings here are amazing. They are smoked which gives them a great underpinning of flavor, then seasoned with traditional spicy or BBQ sauce. You get about 10-12 bones for $5 during happy hour and then drinks are half-priced too. These wings are so good they keep us coming back week after week. Its our Wednesday night date night destination.
4	Consistent!  We order the same for to go bi-weekly when we just don't feel like cooking, ahi app with side house salads, sweet potato fires and wings. Yummy!  Their ahi is very fresh and seared perfectly.  The house salad is served with cinnamon toasted pecans, and the sweet potato fries are naughty but nice!  I give it four stars instead of five because when waiting for your order at the bar, the drinks are poured without a sense of urgency, which we all need after a long week.
4	highly recommend the chicken wings - they are grilled and have an awesome flavor.  Also the BLT salad is wonderful.  Don't miss the Black Diamond Martini - pineapple martini's to die for.
3	The service was forgettable.  Happy Hour is only in the bar so we had to get up from our table to walk to the bar and order our drinks.  Tried the old fashioned and thought it was disgusting.  Tried the cactus martini and didn't care for it either.  Had a long island iced tea and that was the best of the three.Had the filet with blue cheese and mushrooms.  It was cooked perfectly and was so delicious!!  I wish there were more mushrooms but it was still yummy. Had the baked potato with butter, sour cream, cheese and green onions.  It was so dry.  I took a few bites and didn't bother.I payed for 3 drinks, pitched in for a bottle of wine for the table and my dinner.  No salad, no apps, no dessert.  It cost my $75 after tax and tip.  Not sure I will be back but a decent experience and delicious steak.
5	They brulee the top of their cheesecake, OMFG!
2	I saw all the positive reviews and was not impressed I thought the prime rib was overpriced I'm not opposed to paying for a good steak but this one was flavorless the wings were ok the best part was the smokey flavor
5	Another fabulous meal (onion rings to start, new york strip medium, loaded baked potatoe, and garden veggies) and fabulous service (thanks Amy for a great dining experience!).  We keep going back when the craving for cow hits us hard!!!
1	Wow!  These reviews are shocking.  Maybe I just went on a bad afternoon.  I'm not going to say how bad the food was, but instead I'm going to try it again - just to see if its me, or the food!Well the fried spinach tasted like sheets of greased toilet paper (if you can imagine that) and the mash potatoes had a stronger metalic after taste.  Everything about the potatoes said "don't eat me!".  The fish wasn't too bad, however.  The waitress stood right behind me and was bascially shouting in my ear, so much so that I moved my seat.But its a real cute place, and the wine was excellent!
5	The first thing that I noticed as I walked in, was the smell.  It was a gloriously wonderful smell, similar to liquid smoke.  The atmosphere was dim and rustic, yet elegant.  I could tell that I was in for a treat. How right I was!The free bread was amazing.  It's bread! Who would get excited about that?  I am shocked that bread could be this good.  It really makes me wonder what it was I have been eating with my PB and Js all these years.For the entree, I had the 9oz filet and the Parmesan mashed potatoes.  From the moment the filet hit my tongue, the flavor explosion that hit my mouth was intense.  Hands down, the best steak I have ever eaten - even better than those in the Midwest.  It was cooked perfectly, had an amazing crust, and simply melted in my mouth.I had the brownie with the salted caramel sauce.  While this was good, I feel the salted caramel could have been a little more flavorful.I am surprised that I haven't gone there sooner.  This is definitely my new "go-to" restaurant for all special occasions.
3	Had a $10 gift cert so decided to try firebirds again.  Reluctantly sat at the bar (see my previous experience) and had a bacon cheeseburger and fries with a couple blue moon beers.  Pedro was nice to quickly take my order, and brought me the beer - but without the orange.  He had to then go cut an orange and bring it back to me to put in the beer.  No problem.  The burger was cooked to medium with a little pink, and the bacon was nicely cooked and crisp - very tasty burger - the wood fire grill adds lots of flavor. The bun was a little weak - did not really hold up until the last bite.  I sat at the left side of the bar and was trying to watch the baseball game on the tv above - but the blinding sun glare from the glass door to the left was as if I was in a spotlight - not very comfortable - was really bothering my eyes - they should have had the shutters closed.  The steak frys were good, but unfortunately the small amount of ketchup they had brought in a small plastic cup ran out with more than half the frys still remaining.  I understand that these so called upscale places do not want a ketchup bottle sitting around- and yes I could have asked for more instead of eating the last half of my frys dry, but come on Firebirds, no need to skimp on the ketchup...     Pedro was nice and polite, but the girl working with him never acknoweldged me, said hello, no smile, and never offered to get me another beer when I had completely finished my 1st beer.  But the burger was tasty, and with the $10 gift cert, it was a nice deal.  I will try them again since I live close by.
3	over priced, but a nice treat.
5	When man invented fire, this was what he intended to purpose it: Perfectly grilled meat! An online banker buddy from San Diego was in town for training, so I decided to meet her for dinner. This restaurant was across the street from her hotel and sounded really interesting. Turns out, I was right.Since neither of us are big eaters, we decided to split and entree and add a side. We were both eying the blue cheese filet medium rare (great minds think alike!) Sara mentioned that sprinkling some of the blue cheese over sweet potato waffle fries is terrific; I thought the addition of green beans would help balance the meal. They actually brought out our meal on two plates (perhaps this is common now, but I remember having to portion split meals myself). The filet was perfect. Perfect!! The blue cheese slightly melted into the meat, crispy bacon tucked around it all. Adding a bit of the cheese to the fries were phenomenal (seriously, you have to give this a try). The green beans with candied pecan pieces added a nice fresh crunch to the dinner.As much as I *hate* to drive long distances, I really would consider returning here just to have what I'm certain would be another terrific meal. Thanks, Western Union, for picking up the majority of the bill.
4	I have been here several times and every time the service is impeccable.   They have a great Happy Hour with a nice patio out back to relax.  Inside, the dining area is very nice and the quality of the meals are fabulous.  I highly recommend their salads, burgers, and chicken cilantro dish.
4	was pleasantly surprised but this place... i thought it was just going to be standard fare you would get at a BJ's or Applebees. Fully stocked bar with several beers on tap... they also had a bottle of king louie johnnie walker.... Very impressive to have on a bar shelf even know 99% of the people cant afford the $190 a shot price....Menu was a little pricy too but had some good choices on it...  I ordered the ribeye with a side of yukon gold mashed potatoes cooked medium.. The steak came out perfectly cooked and seasoned... I sat at the bar and had my dinner there and the bartender was very courteous and attentive...
5	Well, it's been a while.  My old reviews are stale.  So here we go again...I still rate this 5 stars.  They are still a bit pricey, the menu is basically the same as before, and the service is really good.We come here every few months.  Usually on an occasion as this is a bit more appropriate than Outback or Chipotle for an occasion.  Today was no exception.  We received an email coupon for a "free side salad" (with entree purchase), which was a nice bonus.  My wife wanted the salad, so I ordered the kobe meatloaf.  She ordered some soup because we expected a relatively petite salad.Well, we were wrong.  The salad was huge.  Filled up my wife so that she barely touched her tortilla soup (though she did try it and said it was very good).  The salad she chose was the spinach, and she loved it.The Kobe meatloaf (with mushroom sauce) was OK.  Not as spectacular as I was hoping.  But it was good.  The mashed potatoes were good (as usual), and the beans had a nice flavor (not the tart flavor the beans of so many places have).  It wasn't a bad choice, but I doubt I would choose it again.  It just wasn't "special" in any way.  Not of the same caliber as the Aspen sirloin or the steak au poivre, even though the price was almost the same.Still no wheat bread...but that's not enough to take away a star.
5	Very nice place, staff super friendly!They have more kids choices then other places and sizes are very generous!Definitely coming back!
5	Our fav stop to/from Phoenix to Casa Grande. Food, ambiance and service are great! The Chicken Pasta, Turkey Club and French Dip are our favorites. Can't wait until next spring when they open the Scottsdale location!
4	It was a quick dinner after a long day of work - the misters on the outside patio were just great and really made it bearable outside. The staff was easy to work with and even though they brought the wrong dish to my boss, he took it in stride and they were really apologetic.The chef brought the food for my other co-worker, one who has a number of food allergies and explained that he had made sure that they had taken all of those into consideration when preparing her dinner.We didn't have to wait either - wine was really nice as well and they had some local Arizona brews on tap there.Always loved the one in Durham, NC when I was back in Chapel Hill. Good to see the consistency.
5	My husband and I went Wednesday night for my birthday dinner.  We had never been here before, but I had read a lot of reviews on Yelp and was really wanting to give it a try.  We were so glad we did!We got right in and seated, we had Leah as our server.  She was very good and had a great personality.  Hubby wanted crab cakes for an appetizer but was worried about  getting filled up before dinner.  When Leah came to see if we wanted an appetizer, I looked at hubby and Leah started teasing him about what he wanted.  He went for the crab cakes, which we would split.  They were awesome, the sauce drizzled over them and the garnish slaw was incredible!  We almost licked the plate!  Oh, and the bread - butt bread as she called it (it DOES look like a butt!) was AWESOME!!!For my entree, I had to select the Bleu Cheese Filet, so many had reviewed them on Yelp and I wanted to find out for myself how good it was.  As my side, I got the parmesan potatoes.  Hubby got the prime rib with southwest au gratin potatoes.  My steak was cooked to perfection - I like it medium rare, more to the rare side.  FABULOUS!!  It melted in my mouth and the blue cheese melted on top, was to die for.  Hubby's prime rib was also cooked perfect, also medium rare.  Not a lot of fat, tender and juicy - YUMMY!!  My potatoes were OK, nothing special.  His were much better, cheesy with some kick!  He out ordered me in the side dishes.  For desert, which we took home, I selected the Key Lime Pie.  OMG....it was delicious!!!  Hubby chose the Creme Brulee Cheesecake.  Another winner!!!  Every item we selected Leah told us were their best sellers.  I told her I had read several Yelp reviews and I had made my choices based on the rave reviews.  We were both very impressed and will definately go here again on our next special occasion.  It is expensive, but it was well worth it.  Nice atmosphere, GREAT food, pleasant staff, you can't really ask for more when you want a special dinner out.
2	Looking at the reviews, I should have been excited to go here. We went for a family birthday dinner, and it started out looking promising. I had been told that it was on the level of the Keg, which I love. But then I got a laminated menu like I was at a diner, and my opinion started to change. Their menu was quite limited - for example: I think there were only 2 "side" items that weren't potato. But despite the small variety of choices, I chose a rib-eye steak, which I love, even at lower priced venues such as Texas Roadhouse. I also got a salad to start. My husband ordered the steak Delmonico and a salad to start. My father in law and brother in law ordered the same dish, a medium Filet. Three of us ordered salads, and even though they had good flavor, they were completely overdressed. My salad which was just a mixed green salad was chopped in such a way that it was very very difficult to eat. It wasn't large enough to stab with my fork, or scoop up either. There were seven of us at the table, and when our food did come out, they had a lot of difficulty figuring out who got what dish. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal, but it did kind of kill the mood as far as "here's your food, let's eat!" The other confusion came from the fact that my husband and I had the exact same cut of meat - both medium well rib-eyes. Despite the fact that I had ordered Medium rare, and he had ordered a medium rare Delmonico. (and yes, I know that there is differences in thought about what that is, but it should have not been the same cut as mine) My father in law had a nicely medium filet, but my brother in law's was medium rare. So out of 4 steaks, they only cooked one correctly. At a steak house, I would NOT expect 75% of the steak to be the incorrect temp!Not everyone was disappointed. My mother-in-law liked her salmon (after she was told that they didn't have her first fish of choice), and my sister in law enjoyed her trout.  And of course my father in law enjoyed his correctly cooked steak. None of us sent our food back, as it was edible, but I know that after this experience, I will not be back. This place was too high priced to be this disappointing. There are many other restaurants within walking distance that are much much better, and personally, I would much rather have a cheap steak at Texas Roadhouse where I can have a large variety of choices for sides, as I know that it will be the correct temp. If I'm looking for something high priced and delicious, it will be the Keg or Flemings - definitely not here.
2	Not sure if they have napkins or silverware for to go orders, but our salads did not include them.  To eat my salad, I had to rip a piece of bread like a spoon and scoop up salad to eat.  So be sure to ask for silverware.
4	The service here was a little slow. The restaurant was clean and the atmosphere was pretty nice. The food was very tasty. The hamburger here was good and I was pretty impressed. The bread they give you is addicting and you will keep wanting more. The pasta here was also above average and I would recommend it. The price was little high then most but not by much.
2	This used to be a place where we would dine regularly. Last evening we decided, on short notice, that we had not been here in a couple of months and  really wanted to go. Upon arrival we noticed that there were a few people waiting for a table, not unusual. We put our name in, told 45 min wait, and proceeded to bar. Discussing this it seemed a might bit long of a wait time considering this is a Tuesday night and really just a normal busy so they must of given us the " worst case" and would impress with faster seating. Needless to say this must have been best scenario as 1 hour later we were still waiting for a table. I went up to ask and was told " 15 to 17" minutes more. The hostess table and employees there were very unprofessional and incompetent as well. By the time we were seated my appetite was tepid as waiting that long will do that to you. Our table was sticky and needed to be wiped down or " sanitized for a second time". I ordered  the ribeye as a medium rare, it showed charcoal crisp on the sides, not a little due to cooking at high temp but seriously over done.This review would be lower than the 2 stars except for the fact of a great bar staff that evening that showed both concern for our plight and professionalism. If i am going out again to drink I would consider this place. If I am looking for good service and food, I will go to The Keg!
4	Pretty good shrimp and strawberry salad and steak in peppercorn reduction. They're next to the mall so I had lower expectations for them but was pleasantly surprised.My friend's kid was all about their bread. He could not stop talking about it and I'll give him,  they had good bread.
5	Amazing French Dip, Sesame Salmon, and filet with chili rub you didn't need a knife for.  Topped it all off with coffee and a brownie desert.  Miss Alex was an awesome host and her dining recommendations were spot on.  The beer I was drinking ran out so the manager graciously brought me another beer, on the house.  With such service and food we certainly will be placing Firebirds on our list of restaurants to return to in the future.  Go and enjoy, you won't be disappointed and remember to ask for Alex.
5	First time visit. It was a toss up between here and the Elephant Bar next door and at least on the Internet the menu looked way more appetizing from the Firebird. Monday at 5pm so no wait. Menu is pretty simple but classy. You can still get anything from a salad or burger to a nice slab of prime rib or lobster tail. The decor was warm and inviting with high ceilings brown tones of a hillside hunting lodge; down to the 6x6 bull elk mounted on the wall. Jen order a salad and I added the quesadilla and onion rings for appetizers. I am a huge fan of battered apps not breaded. The onion rings here are battered but very lightly then coated with some panko breading. New to me as I am set in my beer battered ways, but very very good. The quesadilla was decent but since I am not a fan of mushy black beans which I'm this case were an ingredient, I wasn't in awe but figured it want horrible. Another positive is they have the really good creamy ranch not the knock off crap. Next up was the prime rib. I was really torn for what I wanted going back and forth amongst the lobster and bacon wrapped filet, the prime rib, or a plain ribeye. They have literally, an actual wood fire grill which I love and almost mandates you order at least something from the grill. Bother mine and Jen's prime rib was cooked perfectly and oh so tender. She was mostly full already so barely touched her green beans but agreed the prime was delish! My side was seasoned steak fries which were as awesome as we all hope they will be when we order them. The highlight was our server Pedro. Perfect timing, very polite, non-intrusive, and silent service when applicable. I preached silent service for twenty years to my staff advising you don't need to interrupt the guests constantly. Its priceless and oblivious to most servers and guests. Loved this place.
4	Firebirds is a solid choice for dinner in the Chandler area. Service is friendly and relatively quick. The restaurant is well maintained and clean.  They have a fairly diverse menu, but the most popular are steaks and seafood.  I usually get the sesame salmon, which is excellent. It comes with fried spinach (OMG!) and mashed potatoes. I love this dish! The steaks are pretty damn good too, but you can find better in the area. They have a nice selection of beer, wine, and cocktails and look out for the specials (1/2 off wine when we were there on a Monday night!). Prices are reasonable for the quality of food, atmosphere, and service.  Not bad at all.
4	Came here for the 1st time for a holiday party and we had a great time. They had very friendly staff that were very attentive with our large group. They have awesome steaks and the calimari was amazing. The double black diamond martini is the best!!
4	It's a little more pricey than I'd prefer but, the atmosphere is good and the waiters are definitely a sight for sore eyes. ;)
4	So I've been here 2x in the past few years [a lot considering I live out of state] because my aunt adores this place. I remember fondly my first dining experience, it was wonderful. The fish was quite amazing, but I couldn't remember what I'd had so I opted for the Aspen Sirloin & baked potato. My mom got the strawberry & shrimp salad to share at our table of 8. I honestly could've just eaten the salad itself (and a potato). My steak was amazing, but I just wasn't feeling it, I just wanted more salad!We had reservations to sit outside but by the time that rolled around, the wind picked up and we knew it would be unbearable to sit outside... so our hostess got another inside table immediately for us. I felt bad for our intended server but she completely understood.
5	I've eaten here a few times and have never been let down. The crab cakes are great,  steaks,  salmon... Never a bad meak...  The food is always perfect,  the service is outstanding,  great ambience....I appreciate that th servers make suggestions and very friendly. We went here for my birthday and I had the filet medallions with a wine portobello sauce with a green Chiles mac and cheese...OMG freaking DELISH and worth every damn dime. My boyfriend got the prime rib and swore it was the best he ever had. When the manager stopped over we ranted and raved about our server, Michael and how awesome our meal was and she offered us a free dessert.  When my boyfriend told the manger it was my birthday...my dessert came with a candle and the server created a card with highlighter markers and had all the staff sign the card....This place is one of my favorites but tonight showed me they ROCK! Super highly recommended
2	This place is okay. We've only been here once and while the environment was nice, the server we had was slow and didn't know the food very well. Also our food wasn't that good, plus it took forever to get it. I honestly had wished we would have gone to Outback Steakhouse instead, we've never had a problem with the Chandler location; great tasting food at good prices. While here at Firebirds my prime rib was bland and so was my boyfriend's steak. Nothing special even though you pay high prices. Ehh... I'd go else where.
5	Had another great meal here last night.  This place can't mess things up.   My wife loves the Colorado chicken salad....but the secret is to order it "Stirling" style. Trust me on this.  It rocks and he is a great server as well.  Now if they just get Kiltlifter on tap......heaven.
5	The service is always exceptional here!  I recommend the sesame encrusted salmon.
5	Love love. Happy hour is amazing. half priced drinks and the sangria is awesome. Ordered the steak tacos, pretzel and pigs in a blanket. Perfect spices, sauces and texture.Food came out warm. Server was super friendly and even fixed our uneven table without us asking. Sat on the patio and the ambience is amazing. love the fireplace and the wood. all in all, yay yay yay.
2	We made it back here to give them another try. While the food wasn't terrible it wasn't amazing either. I stand by my original review. I had to add salt and pepper to my steak because it lacked flavor. Also this piece of prime rib was mostly fat. I cook steaks at home and know all about marbeling and how it gives flavor but there needs to be an even balance between the fat and meat otherwise you just feel ripped off. I still feel going to Outback Steakhouse will give you better tasting steaks with lower prices. The location on Chandler Blvd had never disappointed. Sorry Firebirds you're just not for us.
4	Never heard of Firebirds until last night. We had a company team dinner here and I'm always game for a free meal. So what the heck. Walked in and there's a small hostess stand with the bar just in sight which makes it very inviting. The dining room reminds me of lodge with a big deer head hanging on the wall staring at you. The place was packed on a Tuesday night and loud. People just talking and having a good time. Didn't see lots of kids so I would say it one of those adult type restaurants. Anyways, I had the prime rib. They only serve 12 or 16 oz. Thick piece a meat that was cooked really good. Let's say perfectly cooked with very little fat. Just how I like it. So tender and juicy. Really good prime rib. It came with a fully load baked potato. It had butter, cheese, bacon, green onions and I had mine without sour cream. Baked potato was really good except I'm one of those guys that eat the whole potato including the skin. They put a ton of salt on the skin so if you don't brush off some of that salt then it can be a little too much. This was a really good dinner with a big portion. We had 11 people in our dinner party and they were pretty good in welcoming us, getting us our drinks and refilling our drinks. Took awhile for them to take our order, bring us our food, and bringing the check. Little slow but I think that was okay because Firebirds is a place to relax and have a good conversation at your table. Now I know about Firebirds and they have a nice menu beside steak which includes fish, pasta, sandwiches, and salads. Good variety. I'll probably be back to bring my family. Enjoy and Cheers.
4	I've only come here on expense account funded dinners and lunches because this place is perfect for that. I you ever need a place to take a really big group of people, this place can accomodate but you probably need to make reservations in advance as it is a popular place. Service has always been very decent. Can't speak to the prices since it's usually some big boss footing the bill. I've come here enough to have tried most of the Firebirds Specialties - Wood Grilled Salmon, Steak Au Poivre, Pecan Crusted Trout, and American Kobe Meatloaf. All were pretty good though I think I've had the meatloaf more times than any of the others. They have salads and burgers as well - something for everyone. I think we once hung out at the bar area where they had these huge jars of pineapple slices as well - so this place accomodates pretty well if your party wants to still hang out after the meal is done and plates are cleared off the table. Parking - pretty big mall so you'll find a spot without a problem even if it isn't right next to the restaurant. I know I'll be back. :)
5	AMAZING!  We walked in and were greeted politely and taken to a seat right away.  Our waiter was very attentive.  The atmosphere was upscale.  But the BEST part was the food.  My Filet Medallions with Shiitake Mushroom Sauce was AWESOME!  My husband ordered the Delmonico sandwich and loved it and he is hard to please.  Drinks were constantly refilled.  It was a fabulous dinner.  I haven't been to a restaurant with service and food so amazing in a long time.  We will be back!
4	Let me start of by saying that I normally LOVE Firebirds. This visit,however, was just "off". I am still giving it 4 stars because I believe that mistakes happen and sometimes restaurants have an off night. We went to Firebirds to celebrate Mother's Day. It wasn't an incredibly busy night which surprised me. There were 6 people in our party. We were seated a little ahead of our reservation time which was nice. When we got to our table, I noticed all kinds of food and dirty linens underneath the table. They did bus the table but never bothered to look down. We ordered drinks and had to ask for straws...all of us. I asked and she gave me one but didn't bother to give any to the rest of my party. Then my mom asked and she still only gave one...I thought that was weird. Is this a new rule to only give straws to the people who ask?We ordered our meals after some time and salads were brought promptly. We were advised that bread was in the oven but shortly thereafter, I noticed others getting bread so we needed to ask again. After receiving our salads, all of us needed more salad dressing. That has never happened before. I normally love the mixed green salads but they just weren't great this time. I'd think it is pretty hard to not get that right...Our main courses arrived in a good amount of time and right away I had to send mine back. I ordered the special filet medallions with lobster meat with hollandaise on the side. Of course, it came slathered in hollandaise. The server knew it too and realized it the minute I looked at it. Everyone else's food came and all else was as it should be. I received my food about 5 minutes after everyone else which was ok. Manager came over and apologized but that was it. I am not sure what was going on last night and I am hoping it was just a fluke. The regular manager that we normally see there wasn't there and I am wondering if that's why things were off. Either way, we will be back...as I said, I normally love Firebirds so I am willing to give it another go.
4	Now with TATOR TOTS!!!Here's some misc tips:Ask for bread soonest. And, I'm pretty sure crab cake salad is new to the menu, regardless of what people say. Also, call-ahead seating, especially for lunch. And, all the bar half-booths are open seating.
5	Awesome food! Awesome service. Better than Flemings or The Keg and it's better priced. Try the salmon! It's a new fav for us!
3	The location is great as it is right off the freeway and near the Chandler Fashionsquare mall. The smell of the woodfire grill is evident when you enter but not overpowering. The restaurant was nice and classy. Prices were slightly high but my chicken sandwich was good. The chicken was tender and the veggies were fresh. The bun was very light and almost flakey. The fries were stale and unimpressive. The server seemed new and nervous. Overall I was satisfied but not overly impressed. I would go back.
4	Food was good service was good price is a bit high for what you get but overall good place worth a drop in.
5	We're from New England and the crab cakes are among the best. The wicked burger was really good too.
5	This place is awesome! We had the sirloin and it was perfect. I definitely give it 5 stars!!!
5	2nd visit, as amazing as the first!  Hostess, wait staff and Russ, the manager all very attentive.  Food awesome.  Decided I'm not going to any other restaurant in the area unless I know for a fact it is of this caliber.  This is the only restaurant I have been to that never disappoints.
5	Amazing restaurant with a knowledgeable and friendly waiting staff.     My steak was perfect,  and when my friend had a small issue with his, the manager happily took care of the issue.     Great service, great atmosphere, and great food. Highly recommend.
5	Visiting AZ from California....and came here again. I love this place! Was here a year ago and this place is still exceptional. Brought wife for her birthday along with my mom. We had the coconut shrimp and crab cake appetizers.  (both were outstanding) Also the 9 oz Filet was very tasty along with the fully loaded baked potato.  All that said, the reason I love this place is their customer service. Megan was our server and she was exceptional. She recommended cocktails (which we had) and consistently checked on us. She is cheerful, happy and loves her job. She should be the manager AND she should be training customer service. Rock on Megan! and Rock on Firebirds!
4	We eat here quite often and have never had a bad meal. The atmosphere is GREAT! The bar area is very inviting with the TVs and the wood burning fire place. I always feel relaxed and comfortable every time I am here. The bread they bring out pre-meal is AWESOME! the crab queso is to die for.. and as for entrees there are just too many to name. The salads are the best around chandler. Service is always very friendly, polite, and prompt.  Katie the bartender is the BEST! She is always very friendly! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	I am very happy to revise my previous review.  I am also very happy to say that the Firebird's that I normally love is back!  I knew my last less than stellar visit was a fluke and I was right.  This time, Firebird's lived up to my expectations and exceeded them.  We took my grandmother for her 86th birthday as she is also a fan.  We had a table for 8 people.  I am mad at myself for not remembering our servers name as I would love to give her kudos.  She got all 8 orders right and they were to perfection.  She had a great attitude and was super friendly.  Our food was  really good and the restaurant was clean.  All the things that were not right last time, we right on this time.  I am so happy that things are the way they should be!
5	Place is awesome!  Tier 1 food.  Staff is great.  Megan was an amazing waitress.  Fast, funny, great smile and good recommendations.  Terrific ambience.  A little pricey so bring your wallets gentlemen.  It will be a good night.
4	Everything about this experience was wonderful. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable. I had the peppercorn encrusted steak-- perfectly done, very flavorful, and so delicious! I also ordered the Firebird BLT salad. My only "complaint" was that it had a bit too much bacon. Their signature pineapple martini was to die for! The perfect amount of sweet and tanginess. I'm giving this 4 stars because their wine list was just so so and our server kept pushing the restaurant's new wine. Also, the desert selection was not great-- there was nothing really creative on there that really excited me.
5	The fish dishes are always great.   You'll get full of the yummy bread too.  One of the things to remeber is that the olace is popular with business types so come etarly for lunch and dinner.  You'll spend around $18 a plate if you like to eat.
4	The food was fantastic. I had the peppercorn steak and it was melt in your mouth, delicious, still tender and flavorful even at well done.However, we gave them our email address for a 10% discount and signing up for their email list and we were immediately flooded with spam mail, which I did not appreciate. On top of that we've never even gotten any mail that's actually from Firebird's.
3	At first when me and my girlfriend got to the restaurant the service was sub par. The hostess didn't open the door for us when we saw her open the door for everyone else. We had to wait for a table but that was fine. The only reason why we went too this place was because it is restaurant week so the desk wad not to bad. It came out to $30 a person. I ordered the steak kabob type deal and my girlfriend got the mahi which was the bomb. The streak wad ok but not as good as the fish. The waiter was good so we liked him. The desert was super good and the portion was so big we couldn't finish but that's a good thing because we like left overs for lunch the next day. Other then the beginning service we liked everything else.
4	My friend is such a huge fan of Firebirds Wood Fired Grill so everytime we travel to the city which has hard rock,we will not miss a chance to visit Firebirds Wood Fired Grill. Burger taste the same everywhere,my fajitas was really really good.Totally fulfilling and delicious. Service was nice, atmosphere was great, best hard rock atmosphere I have ever been. We prefer sitting at the bar, so there is no wait for us,but those who way a table, 20 minutes at least for a wait.
1	Slow service, expensive drinks, and food. No mints, old out dated tables and, although the manager seemed friendly it doesn't make up for the fact that this place charges a lot for food that is less than average. Oh wrll, probably won't be eating here again so, it doesn't matter to me but for those of you who are thinking about it...I say think of someplace else.
5	First time here. Samantha was our server, she was excellent and attentive! The food was phenomenal! Had the primed rib.... It's pricey, but so worth it. I would go back just because the service was so very good.
5	We were in Phoenix for a conference and went here on Monday night for dinner. Amazing New York Strip Streak. Had to come back Thursday night for filet mignon. Best streak I've had. Oh, and great bread.
5	I gave 5 stars because our Server was outstanding! I didn't get her name, however she was working Sat. night 10/25 - young blonde woman.Anyway, the salads were fresh & crisp, our steak & prime rib were cooked to order & seasoned well - delicious. Food & drinks were delivered in a timely manner. We made some substitutes to sides that came with the meal and their response was "my pleasure". We were able to talk with our friends without shouting to be heard & the manager came to check our table. For a chain restaurant they haven't forgotten the personal touch and we will continue to frequent Firebirds as well as recommend it!
5	This place is amazing.  Great service.  Love how the manager always checks on you.  They have a few things that rock my world.  I recommend trying.  Mac and cheeseis the best I have had.  The baked potatoe is the best I have had.  I know it seems weird to pick or rate a place for that but I love them.  I also love the fresh baked bread.  Ten times better than cheese cake factory. We had a Ribeye last night that simply rocked my world.  Two things I don't like but are popular the spinach and the medallions.  I recommend going for the filet instead.  Best restarant by fashion square mall.  You have to try it
5	Each time we have gone to Firebirds, the food and service have been great.  Good craft beer selection.
5	Went back here last night with my Wife and her father and brother.  The food was, as usual, very solid.  However, while the service is also usually very good, it was exceptional last night.  My father-in-law ordered the strip steak Medium Rare.  It came out Medium or Medium well.  After my father-in-law told our waitress, the manager quickly came over to apologize and offered a free soup or salad.  He ordered the soup which the manager brought out instantly.  About 5 minutes or so later, the manager brought the new steak, apologizing for the delay and told us that the steak would now also be free because of the short delay.  Phenomenal customer service- probably one of the reasons there was a 20-30 minute wait at 6 PM on a Sunday night.
5	Delicious!  Got the surf'n'turf,  steak was cooked right, lobster tail was perfect.  Staff was great too.  Had a 45 minute wait, but they will text you when your table is ready, so we went and did some shopping nearby.  Can't wait to go back!
2	Food and our server was excellent but I can't say the same about the manager and hostess! I believe the managers' name is Pedro and the only reason I know that is because he spent a lot of time at the table next to us but never stopped by to ask how our experience was. I felt a little neglected and lacked the full Firebirds experience. In regards to the hostess Melissa. She ignored my son and I when we walked in and helped another gentleman and family as we patiently waited our turn even though we were there first. How sad, this place lacks first and lasting impression! We will be back but hopefully Pedro and Melissa will not be working and neglecting customers!
5	I have loved everything I've had here from their fresh salads to their tasty salmon plates. But the one thing you can't forget to try is their red sangria. Sooo good!
5	Delicious!!. Ribeye & filet mignon was superb as well as the coconut shrimp w Slaw & habanero mango relish. The bltSalad was a home run too. Along with a strawberry daq. Will most defiantly be back.I must not forget the bread. Umm ummUmm good.. Now I can fast for a week.Be prepared to be stuffed up to your eyeballs.. I just mite need to get a oxygenMachine after downing all of that. Whew!!
4	Just got back from dinner at this great place. My ONLY complaint (which gave it 4 stars out of 5) was that the music was WAY too loud. BUT the food and the service was fantastic. I had the fried chicken salad (one of the freshest, most crisp salads I have had in a long time). My husband loved the pecan crusted trout and the cole slaw. My mother law claimed that her stuffed bake potato was the best she's had in a very long time. Again, my only complaint was the level of the music.
3	This is a middle higher end chain restaurant. The atmosphere is suited for a large group of people more than for an intimate get together between a couple of friends. The food was pretty good, and so were the drinks. The service was just fine, but there was really nothing special about the visit.
