5	I have struggled to find properly fitting running shoes for years.  Runner's Den cracked the code.  These people know shoes and carry a wide range of sizes, including narrows, in all the best running shoe brand.  Asics, Brooks, New Balance, Adidas, Saucony...  and much much more.  They also carry a nice selection of clothing and running accessories.  The sales people are full of good information or training and clubs if you are new to the sport.  Very warm and friendly, I much prefer this store to that other place in Scottsdale.
5	I'm not a runner, but I like to workout and do a lot of walking.  Years ago when I was cross training for cycling I desperately needed a good pair of shoes.  I had heard nice things about the Runners Den and knew they had been around for years, so rather than buying another pair of crappy shoes off the net, I decided to give them a try.  I went in with a pair of New Balance in mind, but after discussing my shoe goals with the sales associate and having him take a look at my feet he informed me that New Balance wasn't a way to go.  At no time did I ever feel he was doing this to try to sell me a more expensive pair of shoes.  He explained that because of  he way my arch was Asics would be the best choice.  He showed me the options in  my price range that would best fit my needs, let me try them on and walk, hop and run on them outside the shop.  They felt good, so I made my purchase.  Because of the friendly and knowledgeable staff I've made every purchase of new cross trainers at the Runners Den.  Their location is pretty convenient, good prices and a pretty good selection of shoes, clothing and other supplies.
5	Finding a pair of shoes that fits is key in the running world.  These guys know their stuff.  I tried and tried, then i found runners den.  Yes, they are expensive, but it is all relative.  If they fit you in a pair of shoes and they don't work out, you can return them.  If you buy them at most other places, you can only return them if you haven't worn them off carpet.  I don't know about you, but i rarely run on carpet.  To me, that makes paying twice as much for one pair of shoes so much better than paying half for 4 pair that don't work.They also have all the running clothes, gadgets, accessories and socks a runner could ever want.  Here are my faves:1. Wright Sock- double layer cool max sock.  You will NEVER blister or even get a hot spot in these2. Amphipod- tuck your keys and ID inside the band of your shorts.  No bouncing! it stays and you never have to worry.  I love it so much i used the large version to keep things handy and out of my pockets while travelling in pickpocket ridden areas3. Flexitol heel balm- for cracked heels.  Nothing else works4. a nike running shirt with a zip screen pocket for my number so i don't have to find pins all the time.  Looks good, doesn't tear the number
5	This is the best athletic shoe store I have found in Phoenix.  If you are interested in talking to a sales person who knows what they are doing, and getting the right shoe for your foot (even if it is the cheapest one), this is your place.All of the staff are very friendly and very knowledge, they will not steer you wrong.  Prices are not the best however so as sad as I am to suggest it, once you find the pair that works for you buy them online after that... that way you can take the money you saved and buy those sweet super thin, thigh flashing, running shorts you have been eying!
5	These guys know their stuff.  They've also been around forever and know every race and course in the state and then some.
4	I don't even run and I like this store! I went in for a great pair of walkers and came out with the most comfortable pair of tennies I've ever worn. They kept teasing me that I'd be running now that I had great running shoes!! Which was a hoot, considering that I've not been on a run in about 15 years because of my cruddy knees... ...and they kept suggesting these little skimpy socks that they say all the runners like, but I'm just an Old School type of granny and I like my anklets, so that's my story and I'm sticking to it. But seriously, if you need shoes that will save your feet, knees and what have you from being turned to pulpy mush from running, thus requiring lots of painful surgery and/or physical therapy, run right over to Runner's World and pick up a pair! Your body will thank you.
4	A year ago, when I was training for my first half-marathon, the PF Chang's one, this was my go-to place. Yes, it helped that they live just a 5-minute drive away from me, but everyone was really nice. I never got the sense that anyone was trying to talk me into spending more money. Part of that attitude probably has to do with the fact that they don't get paid for commission. But unlike a Foot Locker or some other mall store, the employees look like they actually run themselves. And they are incredibly patient. I'm bummed that the brand of shoes that works best for me, they don't sell. But they still help me whenever I come in and I buy all my other things from them like socks, Gu, etc. The people were pretty supportive in trying to give me advice last year when I had very bad shin splints and I wasn't there to buy anything. One salesman adjusted my shoes for me by putting the insoles of my old pair inside for extra cushioning. It seemed to do the trick. It's definitely a place where you are rarely steered wrong.
5	I had a wonderful experience here. I needed a new pair of running shoes badly. I am in the process of getting back into it after taking way too much time off...... (like 3 years)  I know, pathedic. Sometimes liquor and sluts take precedence; don't judge.Anyway, I decided to do this on my lunch break and I was out in about 45 minutes with the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned. As stated in previous reviews, the staff is extremely friendly and they know their stuff. The structure of my feet were looked at as well as how I walk. I have never been fitted for running shoes before so it was kind of strange but I knew what to expect. I found out my calves are extremely tight and if I don't start streaching more/better, I'll end up with repetitive motion injuries.... good to know! I was presented with 3 different pairs of shoes to try out and in those found the perfect pair. I felt like an ass running around out front with the diferent shoes on in business attire but whatever... I found a great pair of runners so I'm happy. All in all it was an interesting experience. I will be back to pick up some more gear as soon as I feel truely committed again. Not once did I feel pressure to spend money or make a quick decision. As a matter of fact price was never even mentioned until I picked the shoes I wanted. Of course my feet have champagne taste so they chose the most expensive pair.Bastards
5	I dragged my newly motivated butt into a real running store for the first time now that I've admitted to being a committed runner. After having bought several pairs of "running" shoes solely because they were on clearance at the Nike outlet, I heard lovely and fantastical rumors about non-agressive running angels that would actually talk to me, watch me walk/run and recommend the perfect shoe.The rumors are true. The people here are so incredibly nice. Not only did the salesperson patiently let me test out multiple pairs multiple times, but now I also know all about his personal running feats, his family, and got an invite to drop in on a running group (although they weren't trying to sell me a bunch of excess gear, they were trying to talk me into training for a 1/2 marathon). I ended up with a great pair of shoes (and thus much happier joints now that I have real shoes) and somehow a mini support network. Great, great place.
3	I'm all for "personal service", but it can get out of hand in a hurry.I was here on a Saturday afternoon, admittedly a busier time for any establishment.  The guy who appeared to be the manager, as he was wearing a different outfit than the other employees, greeted me as I walked in.  Including him, there were 4 or 5 employees and each was helping other customers.  So I started walking around, looking at the merchandise.  Not such a great selection, and not such great prices, but better than Sports Chalet (selection, not price).  Lo and behold, I found the same running shoe I had been wearing previously and was already very happy with.  It was $10 more expensive here than where I had originally gotten it 8 months ago, Marathon Sports in Boston.  Interesting, because you'd figure 8 months worth of new styles would have devalued these a bit.So I'm an easy sale - 5 minutes to grab my size out of the back and ring me up.  But I had to stand around and wait for someone to help me.  And wait.  And wait.  All of the employees were feigning actually helping customers but were really shooting the shit about topics as far ranging as personal style and Bartlesville, OK.  After patiently standing around for 20 minutes (but quietly staring daggers at the employees), at least 4 other customers entered the store after me.  One of them, as an employee was finally ringing a customer up, ran over to him and asked for help, and he of course started to fit her.  Several of us were angered by the blatant attempt to jump ahead and we all made our anger very well known.  Wouldn't you know it, I finally got someone to fetch me my sized 10.5 Asics out of the back and ring me up.So to reiterate - good store, decent selection, ok prices, and if you are a newb that needs that personal attention for a true fitting then you'll get it here.  But they need to have a numbering system like a deli counter to avoid an angry mob.  And if you already know the shoe you want to buy, get it online for a bigger savings (and tax free) and avoid the hassle entirely.Oh, and the parking situation blows.
5	I recently migrated my running from the treadmill to the "real world", and noticed that my $40 bargain shoes from Kohl's weren't cutting the mustard anymore. Runner's Den was recommended by more than one friend so I thought I'd check it out. The salesman was very thorough, observng the way I stood, walked, and ran.  I tried and "test drove" multiple pairs of shoes until my feet chose the pair that was right for me.  The price was pretty steep, but the service warranted it if the shoes did not (which as far as I can tell they do!)
5	Disclosure:  not a runner.  Have bad knees.  But I walk a lot, and do aerobics, and I've been even doing a BOOT CAMP lately... and needed some better shoes.   I had great service, very personalized - they know what they're doing with your feet here!  I also got some great SOCKS, so comfy!    I might start running now!
5	This is my go to place for buying gym shoes in PHX.Why?  Because I am a lame-ass runner.It doesn't matter that I've been doing it for years now, I still suck.  I have no speed, little endurance and bad knees but these guys don't get down on my sudden desire to run stairs, they help me find shoes that will cushion my need to shred myself.  This is a happy thing.On my last visit I knew they were really listening.  I am always on the look out for a good sports bra.  Being extra grande up top I am often handed the old adage 'wear two'. But my sales guy actually looked at me LOOKED and said 'telling you to wear two when you wouldn't be able to get the first one on isn't going to help.'  YES! Thank you!  So the man asked me 'what have you been doing?'  I told him what I wear so he could pass it on and it won't surprise me if when I go back there is more conventional wisdom available or maybe some new gear.Sweet.
5	Sure it isn't cheap.  You pay for service and selection from a specialty store.  I'm always surprised at how few good specialty shops of any kind there are in Phoenix.  As far as I can tell Runner's Den is THE specialty running store in the Valley - and thank the gods its a great one.It can be crowded on weekends, and the wait for assistance can be maddening, but it is worth it.  The only way they could afford more floor space and staff would be to broaden their focus and then they would just be another Champs or Big 5.Want to get fitted for shoes by someone who knows what they are doing and can recommend the best shoe for you?  Maybe analyze the wear pattern on your present clogs and suggest a replacement?  Or would you prefer going to the mall, saving $15 bucks and having a pimply-faced teenager who spends most of his life on Xbox take care of you?  It's your choice!I was a serious - meaning top 20 nationally in my age-group - multi-sport guy when I lived in SoCal, so I think I know a good running store when I see one.  And trust me, Runner's Den is LEGIT!  The folks working there are all runners and pretty serious about what they do.  Excellent selection of shoes, socks and toys for foot massage and other devices.  Things you might find at Tribal Multi-sport but otherwise nowhere else in the Valley that I know of.You will not be disappointed.  Oh yeah, parking is a bitch at this place.  On the weekend, you may wait for a spot.  Skip the Suburban and take the Mini-cooper.
5	I bought my first pair of running shoes here.  I was just as ignorant as the next person who has never bought customized shoes before.. I went in there wearing what I thought was an acceptable pair of running shoes.. and boy was I wrong.  The guy who helped me had me walk for him, and run for him, in my old shoes, and then gave me 3 different pairs to try on..  From there, I found what felt the most comfortable, and my feet have been happy ever since.Other than shoes, they also have fashion sports apparel and sportswear under garments. These folks know what they are doing, and are very easy to deal with.  Give them a shot!
5	Simply the BEST!Everyone here is awesome at making sure you walk out of the Den with the right pair of shoes on your feet. We were probably going back and forth with color and comfort for about an hour. Thanks Runner's Den
5	i recently started running after having danced or swam for the rest of my athletic life.  the guy who helped me knew the implications of this on my legs and helped me find shoes that could compensate for uneven leg development.  he showed me some simple exercises to strengthen the muscles that the other sports never touched, and sent me on my way.before i went in, i was having very bad shin splints and on the verge of giving up running all together.  the shoes were exactly right - i have had NO shin splints since i switched - even when i was "breaking in new shoes".  some have commented on the price.  however, anywhere you look, running shoes and gear are expensive.  if you want to run in $15 shoes from walmart, you're going to feel it.  taking the time and money to get real running shoes will make the difference.this is one of those few places where you leave (having spent more money than you planned on) and still feel like you can conquer the world.
4	Ok... Let me lay it out straight first...  I can't justify spending the money on running shoes that I would spend to get shoes here... However, I will admit, having no clue what kind of shoes I needed I went in to gain some pointers. Knowing full well that I was not going to purchase anything, the staff here..especially one particularly handsome gent..was more than willing to help me try on a variety of shoes to see what was best for my feet and activity style.  This was exceptionally impressive for me.If I knew that I was going to commit to running long enough to spend the money at Runner's Den then I Definitely would be back to this neighborhood staple.  Their customer service and know how has won me over!
3	While I do appreciate being fit for my shoes from an expert, it is still hard for me to justify paying at least 20% more for my running shoes.  I haven't paid over $100 on running shoes since high school.  And that's when my parents forked over the bucks. Thank you for the personal service, but no thank you for not giving me my debit card back after paying. I went straight home after leaving RD and my card was not in my wallet where I always put it. I called right away and the guy who helped me claimed he never saw the card, but did not remember giving it back to me either. ?? Ordering a new card is never fun. :( I'm glad to have a properly fitting pair of tennies, but I walked away with just a so-so feeling about the place. Which is a bummer- I love to support locally owned anything, especially people who have a passion for fitness and running.
4	The employees are very knowledgable about their products and give you great feedback on what product is right for you. They have pretty decent prices on their shoes and a decent selection of styles and colors. The only grip I have about this place is that their parking lot is a little tricky.
2	I was referred to go to this place by a buddy after a conversation about how I get shin splints after runs. He told me how the experts that work there will be able to see how you run and suggest a perfect shoe specifically for you. I decided I would check it out. I was helped by a young kid who was clearly still in high school, maybe not even older than a junior. He had me run up and down the path as he watched my running style. He explained that I needed a special shoe to correct the way I ran. I bought these shoes for over $100 (the most I have ever spent on running shoes). Off to the track I headed, excited to get a run in without the post run shin splints. I have to say after this run I did not have any shin splints, however the muscles on the front of my shins hurt so bad the next day I could barely walk. I thought it was just something that I had to adjust to so I decided to try another run. The same thing happened, but this time the pain was much worst. At this point I knew that something wasn't right. I took the shoes back and this time I was helped by an older gentleman who knew way too much about running and shoes than any human being should. After having me run up and down the path he knew right away that I was prescribed the wrong shoes by the  "kid" who helped me the 1st time. He offered to either exchange my shoes or return them. I chose to return them and save $40 and buy the shoes somewhere else. The prices there are way too high. I am all about supporting small businesses, but it is sad when a corporate giant like Footlocker is 40% less then a Ma and Pa shop like this place. I feel like they over complicate the process of buying a pair of running shoes and that is how they charge so much, much like a shady mechanic does with your car.
5	LOVE this place!!  I used to hate running.  I would get such bad chin splints.  A friend of mine convinced me to do the Rock n' Roll marathon 2010 and I figured I'd give it a try.  I did a lot of research on having custom fit soles made, but that was super expensive.  I'd read some great reviews about this place and decided to give it a try. The right shoe has made a work of difference!  I've become a regular runner and completed the 1/2 Marathon twice!The customer service is great.  They really take the time to evaluate your stride, your goals, your fitness level and find the right shoe.  Great customer service also means waiting a for your turn, which can be long, but it's definitely worth the wait.  I've noticed a lot of people saying the prices are high, but I just looked up the shoe I bought on the Nike website and it's exactly what I paid in the store.  Even if it was marked up I think I'd still go to the Runner's Den just because I know I'd be getting the right shoe.
3	It was picking up my number and such for a 5k that made me finally swing by The Runner's Den. Having an excuse to walk around the store and check out the wares, the end result was that it was okay, but still made me miss other running stores I had come to love and adore.Some of the perks?** When I was finally able to get the attention of an employee to try on some Five Fingers, he was super nice and knowledgeable. We shared running stories and talked about techniques and workshops available through the store.** They have group runs as well as classes on form and technique that are free. Considering I run like a buffoon, this may do me some good.Some of the not so good?** Parking is atrocious. Luckily my little car fit into a spot on the side that requires tetris-esque skill to get in and out of.** Staff was pretty hard to find. Not sure if they're always that busy or just were because people were picking up race packs, but it took nearly 20 minutes to get someone's attention.** Neither the running shoe or even the brand I wear seemed to be available. It will probably be a good place to pick up the little things like goo, a new visor or running shirt, socks, etc... but not sure it will be my first choice for anything major, like a new pair of shoes.
5	These guys are good -- very good -- at what they do.Can you save a few bucks by shopping somewhere else?  yeah, sure.But you won't find this kind of advice at a 'big box' store or online.I've run a couple of full marathons and they were very helpful with not only shoe selection but other running gear too.You won't find a better runner's shop anywhere.
5	I am walking in the Susan G Komen Breast Cancer walk in November. After getting way too much heat for walking in my cheap sketchers I decided I needed a better pair of shoes. Not knowing anything about shoes I decided to go to a expect. I found them at Runner's Den. The sales people are super friendly and really get you the best pair of shoes for your feet and walking sytyle. They take their time with you and watch you walk and pick a few pairs of shoes for you. You try them and walk around in them and then try some others on. They even took me outside to walk around in them for awhile. I was really impressed by this place! The help me to find the perfect pair of shoes, that fit my feet perfect and have yet to give me blisters or any kind of pain or hurting in feet, knees or any joints. Thank you Runner's Den for having the most knowledge, helpful and caring employees!
5	Every staff member I have ever encountered here is extremely knowledgeable in the area of running, and they are excellent at knowing exactly what each runner needs in terms of shoes.  They know about all the races in the area, and they have running groups, and I'm pretty sure every employee who works here is a runner.  Their website has a lot of fantastic resources, too!  Also, they let you return your shoes if you wear them once or twice and decide you don't like them.  I don't think ANYONE else does that.  HIGHLY recommend them!!
5	This store knows running.  I recently started running again and needed some new shoes as my knee was bothering me.  I did a lot of research online and was all set to pretty much buy the most expensive shoes out there.  Why?  Because they're the best right?  Well, there are so many choices nowadays that I was a little overwhelmed.  So I decided to go to the Runner's Den because I heard such great reviews.  I walked in and the sales associate asked me questions about my background, mileage, etc...  He had me remove my shoes and examined my feet.  He then had me walk back and forth.  He quickly noticed a slight anatomical difference in the foot on the leg that was giving me knee pain.  He also measured my feet and found my left one to be 1/2 size larger.  He suggested three different models that would be ideal for me.  I told him I was partial to Saucony so he grabbed me a pair.  I put them on and we went outside and I ran back and forth on the sidewalk.  They felt great.  The best thing is was the model which was best for me was the $99 one - not the $140 one I would've purchased if on my own.  I'm a mid-foot striker with little pronation issues.  Most of the expensive shoes are for heel strikers or those with pronation issues.  I also purchased a shoe 1/2 size larger than normal as I've always been trying to fit my larger foot and compromising on overall comfort.  I've been wearing shoes too small for me in the past.  It's a small store with an excellent reputation so you may have to wait if they're busy.  Also, you'll pay retail prices.  However, I saved in the long run by buying the shoe that was right for me.  I love this store and my new shoes!
5	As a newbie runner, I had no idea where to start looking for shoes. I am such a noob, that I hurt my ankle while running in $30 cross trainers. A friend recommended Runner's Den so I came in for their free running injury clinic and I'm so happy I did!  The Doctor was nice and very thorough and helpful. He gave me a few stretches to do and recommended a pair of shoes that would be appropriate for me (which was the same as the Runner's Den employee suggested while I was waiting to see the doctor, so sounds like they were spot on!) This was great, because my inner hypochondriac had already convinced my brain that I'd eventually have to amputate. Turns out my prognosis isn't that grim.All the employees I spoke with were nice, helpful and extremely knowledgeable. I know a lot of people complained about higher prices, but I looked up how much the shoes I picked up were going for online, and the prices were exactly the same on all the major websites (eastbay, amazon, footlocker, etc) so clearly I'd rather support a local business! I'm sure prices vary with the different shoes, but the one I was looking at wasn't any cheaper anywhere else which was nice.It's a good 30 mile drive for me, so I don't think I'll just hop in for random little things, but for major purchases like shoes or a sports bra, it's worth the drive!
4	Running isn't really my thing. Yes, I gave it an honest try a couple years ago -- hired a running coach, bought good running shoes, etc.  I'm just not "built" for that activity, unfortunately.  Since then, I discovered something called a mountain bike, which I enjoy a whole lot more and am trying to improve my skills at. Even with a mountain bike, a naturally well-endowed chick needs a stellar quality sports bra to hold the 'ladies' firmly in place. I knew from my running stint that the best place to find one is at a running store. Runner's Den had a good stock, but you have to sort through their tags to find your size. I found one I like. If running IS your thing, have no fear -- the store is chock full of runner's gear: pants, shorts, shirts, tanks, socks, shoes, water bottles, nutrition aids, etc. They have only one fitting room, though. The employee who helped me was extremely nice. Parking leaves a bit to be desired; I recommend turning off 16th Street onto Maryland and parking on the Maryland Street side of the building.
3	Since I'm thinking of trying my hand in triathlons, I already had an idea of what I want to get but when I actually went to the store, I was overwhelmed from all the choices! Good thing the salesperson knew what would be best and had been very helpful throughout the whole thing. Learned a lot from all the tips he gave too!
3	I've been back here a couple of times and...it's leaving a bit to be desired. They never seem to have my size in the sports bras I want, and the past two times I've been there no employee has offered to help me (yes, I can ask but...if it's your business...then...). I think I'm gonna hunt around for another place to get my gear.
5	Anyone that runs frequently should been fitted for shoes here. They are very knowledgable and their prices are reasonable.
5	I have been coming to Runner's Den for years. My dad brought me here when I was 16 for my first pair of running shoes ever, and I keep going back.  The staff are so incredibly knowledgeable, probably because most of them log 30+ miles a week and have the experience to do their job well.  The wait can be a bit long, but that is because they pay so much attention to each customer. These guys genuinely like what they are doing and, in a world where I believe customer service is practically dead, outshine the rest of the running shoe stores around. Another cool thing is that after buying a new pair of shoes there once, my hip started hurting and I thought it was because of the shoes, so I took them back and they fitted me for a different pair. They took back the other pair no problem. Turns out my hip pain wasn't because of the shoes (it was bursitis), but Runner's Den still took them back. So cool.
4	you pay a bit more, but get the assistance you need from the staff to help you pick the right shoe
5	It was a good experience, my salesperson Craig, was very knowledgeable. He had me take off my shoes and socks so he could look at my feet and see how I stand and walk. He said I turn my feet to the side when I walk so I needed a specific shoe to correct that. He had me try on three different kinds of shoes and then walk outside while he watched my gait. He suggested the Asics Gel Foundation. I like them they are pink, yaay. I wanted a pair of more brighter color shoes but he said I can't have them. LOL These shoes were $100. I looked online and they are the same price at other places. Anyway Yall, this is the first time I have EVER bought sneakers that were not Adidas. I am a ADIDAS brand loyalist, but I had to do what was right for my feet. They have all kinds of sports bras too. So I bought one. It's a little small, just a little, it's a 44DD. I'm a 46F and dropping. I might be a 44F or 44DDD now actually. I don't know, I havent been measured in forever. But it was only $42 and with my discount it came to $36. Half the price of a Enell bra. So by the checkout counter they have all these energy gels and stuff I've heard about and I asked the cashier, Barry, if I needed that stuff. He said only if I workout for more than 90 minutes at a time, which I DO sometimes. He said after 90 minutes your body starts burning muscle so this energy gel stuff helps to stop that. you're suppose to take it around the 45 minute mark. I bought Honey Stinger and Gu gel products.
5	Thank you Runners Den! My husband recently purchased a Garmin 910 for me and I have been using it religiously. This morning, for whatever reason, it crashed and would not transfer data to my computer. I tried to reset it myself, didn't work. I called Garmin (35 minutes wait time to talk to anyone). I tried to email to get help from Garmin (3 day wait). I have a race on Sunday and really needed some help so I took it back to Runners Den where my husband bought it. They called the Garmin rep and got them to replace it for me so I had a working Garmin for my race. They were very responsive, friendly and helpful!  Definitely going to keep going there!
5	My go-to shop for Vibram Five Fingers. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, they don't overprice the shoes like many other places and I can get in and out no problem. I have purchased all three pairs of my VFF's here and will continue to do so in the future. PLUS they just started a rewards system so every $250.00 you spend you get $25 to spend towards your next purchase!
5	I don't run.  I go in here to buy shoes because they know their stuff and they don't hassle me when I say, "I need a neutral cushion shoe" or "My foot supinates."  This last time, we got there a few minutes after 5pm on a Sunday.  There were still people inside and the manager was nice enough to let me come in and buy some shoes even tho' they were closing up.  The staff is knowledgable about shoes and if you want someone who knows what they are doing to help you with your tennis (or running) shoes, this is the place to go!
5	The staff is knowledgeable about shoes and if you want someone who knows what they are doing to help you. They treat every customer with full attention. I have gone there to purchase tennis shoes. Salesman was friendly and provide me shoes fit my feet, nice look and with reasonable prices.
5	Whether you're a long time runner or just starting out, the Runner's Den has you covered. The staff is patient and knowledgeable, every person I've worked with there was a runner. They even have you run in shoes before buying them to ensure they fit properly. They also have running clinics on the weekend.
5	This is a late review, considering I took my trip into Runner's Den about 6 months ago. But every time I slip on my running shoes I am so, so happy I visited!The staff here is super nice and takes the time to evaluate your feet. I learned so much just from talking to them. For example, I should have been wearing a narrow size and my old running shoes were 1 size too small! I guess that explains why the new ones feel so much better...duh.Staff will have you try on shoes, then actually go outside and run down the sidewalk in them! It's a little awkward to be watched while you do this, I was seriously questioning if I even knew how to run in front of this audience. Then they'll evaluate how your running looks in the shoes. I tried on two pairs before we found the perfect fit. Yes, that's two running evaluations that made me feel a little shy. But the whole experience is just so personalized, it's worth spending the money. I will definitely be back for more shoes in the future, my feet are in heaven here!
5	I was a customer of Runner's Den long before I actually took up running. Yes, it's true. I bought a few pair of shoes because of my casual running back then and then I gained 'CHINGOS' of weight and didn't run for years. When I decided to take up running in 2010, It wasn't for the sake of becoming a runner but to reach my goal of being a Size 6 again. I decided to try a national chain running store in Tempe and was happy for the most part. Once I began to have issues with my feet during training, it became frustrating to hear various differ responses for people at the store. After much consideration, I decided to return to Runner's Den. I usually ask for the dashing handsome fast running salesperson, Jim (---that's worthy of some small discount, no?). Since buying a few shoes and various items, I've Jim suggested I try out their group runs on Wednesday evenings. I'm not a fast runner but this group is rather kewl. The store is so much closer to home and I feel as though I actually matter as a customer than just another sale. Runner's Den is my running store again! Cheers***
5	Love this place, They truly do a great job!
1	Unfortunately my first experience at Runner's Den wasn't  good.  The guy we had was so rude and in such a hurry, he had the shoes rung up on the register before I even had my old shoes back on!  Maybe they were short staffed but you would think a Sunday at 1:30pm in the afternoon would be an OK time. They might be the best but not in service.  I'll never go back but will keep on running!
5	Like everyone said, this store has attentive staff who takes the time to fit your feet with the right shoe. They looked moderately busy when we walked in, but a man greeted us and asked us to be patient. Someone got to us within a couple of minutes and helped both my friend and me at the same time. The entire process was maybe 20 minutes. He gave us great advice about starting to run, too. We then waited a couple minutes at the counter to be run up, but it seemed like they were busier than usual, so it wasn't a huge annoyance.Don't walk in thinking you'll be looking at stylish Nikes or anything, but you will get great service and shoes that are properly priced.
5	I'm pretty new to this whole fitness/running thing, but I know enough to know I needed to replace my old Sketchers before my feet fall off. After asking a few of my marathon-running colleagues, I visited Runner's Den for the first time today. I learned a few things. 1) Different running shoes meet different needs, 2) Athletic shoes, like dress shoes, come in different widths, 3) I have a wide foot, 4) I walk on the balls of my feet, 5) Normally people walk heel-to-toe, 6) My feet lean in toward each other, 7) So that's what my trainer kept getting on my case about, 8) I will never again buy running shoes anywhere besides Runner's Den, ever.
5	These guys seriously know how to fit a running shoe...and a hiking shoe.I've gone in multiple times for a fitting, and all times I have been very happy with the shoes that were selected for me. Warning: Don't  be shallow and try and pick a shoe because it looks pretty. Not that the shoes don't look cute, but don't let that be your deciding factor. Take their advice based on the way the staff watches you run.
5	Very helpful staff. Great place to get advice on running and make new friends thanks to the group runs!
5	The staff at this shop is outstanding. They make you walk barefoot before they bring out shoes for you and take you outside to jog in each pair you try on. They are dedicated to making sure you get shoes that fit your feet and your needs. This is my go-to place whenever I need running shoes. The staff are more than clerks. They are runners themselves and very knowledgeable about running.Did I mention you get a discount on apparel when you buy shoes? These guys are freakin' awesome!You might have to pay a little extra here compared to other sporting good stores, but the service more than makes up for the price. Other stores make you fend for yourself.
5	I love how knowledgeable and friendly the employees are. Always leave with a great shoe and really feel like I am taken care of. Have been coming for 3+ years and will continue!
5	The Running Den is really a great place to find any running accessories. Prior to the Running Den, I had trouble finding a shoe that fit well, however, the incredible staff helped me find the perfect shoe with different tests. The staff is what makes this store so unique, they offer great advice since most of them are runners themselves.
5	This place has outstanding service!  My overall impression of the service was very eventful while leaving the shoe shop with new trips and tricks to help me improve my running game.   If you run twenty plus miles per week this is a must visit shop.
5	Craig, at The Runners Den, is an uplifting soul who is passionate about running. The entire staff is knowledgeable about running and upcoming events. This makes the 12th pair of shoes I have purchased! Thanks RD!
4	I would give this place 5 stars, but the selection is not what you're going to see at big box sporting stores.  With the lack of every color combination under the sun available, they make up for with the stellar customer service and knowledgeable staff.   They only had my new trail running/ hiking shoes in this semi ugly puke green color, but they make my knees feel oh so supported, I could run in them all day.If you need new shoes and are unsure as to what kind to get, go to the runners den, they will help you out!
4	The staff and service at Runner's Den can't be beat.  Every time I have gone into this place, the staff is incredibly knowledgeable about the products they sell.  Last night, one guy gave me a detailed comparison between different types of cushioning in two pairs of shoes I was thinking about buying.  You just can't get that kind of info from big box stores.  They also look at your feet, your running gate, etc. to make sure that you're getting the right kind of shoe for your running abilities.  You pay a little extra, and the selection can be somewhat limited, but it's well worth it for the service Runner's Den offers.
5	This place is awesome!Barry Anderson was very courteous and knowledgeable about the exact type of running shoes I was looking for. He listened to what I wanted, and let me try on 3 pairs that all matched my requests. I settled for the first pair he suggested to me, and I love them! They are so comfortable to run in.Price wise, it is fair. I am a guy with uncommon foot size and shape, and consequently, I expect to have to pay more than the average consumer. My running shoes were around $120.00 out the door. Let me tell you, between the superior customer service and my needs, I feel the price is very fair. Sure, you can definitely find a pair of simple running shoes somewhere else for cheaper; however, as is the case with many things in life, you get what you pay for. Not only are the shoes they sell high quality and durable, but further, they assign certain types of shoes to you based on a short interview on your running/foot strike habits. If you go anywhere else, you might be unknowingly buying a shoe that is hurting you or not supporting you the way it should. You can tell they care about their business and reputation, it shows with their excellent customer service.Overall, I give this store 5 stars, it rocks! I'm definitely coming back for my next pair of shoes.
3	I like to support locally owned stores, but I'm just not a huge fan of this store. I'm a casual runner and the elitist attitude coming from the employees at this store is palpable. Yes, they can fit you into a pair of shoes, but you'll pay for it and then you'll pay more for all the gear they sell than if you just went to one of the big box sporting goods stores. I suppose if you've never purchased running shoes before or are hard to fit, maybe this is a good place for you to go. However, you can also get similar service at Roadrunner or Sole Sports without the attitude and where they even have a treadmill so you don't just have to run on the sidewalk in front of the store. And if you're like me, and a neutral foot runner, you can select your own shoes elsewhere and save about half the price.Runner's Den does sponsor some good runs and they give you the opportunity to try many different shoes. If you're a hardcore runner or brand new you may love this store, but as a experienced, casual runner, it just doesn't do it for me.
5	After being diagnosed with plantar fasciitis, both my friend and a doctor recommended I check out runner's den. Really glad I did. I have never had a sales associate be so professional and informative--he spent nearly an hour helping me pick out the right shoe! Really glad I went. Thanks, Nate! I really appreciate your help!
5	I recently decided to take up running.  Crazy, I know.  I really wanted to get legitimate with it, and this place had been recommended a few times.  So, down I went to see what it was all about.  I was promptly greeted by Kelly.  She asked what I was in for and I told her I had no idea what I needed, as far as shoes go.  She was up for the challenge.  I have to say, this was the most interactive shoe buying experience I've ever had. First, she had my take off my shoes and show her how I walked.  After observing my feet she went to the back and brought out several pairs of shoes.  She showed me how to properly put the shoe on and then had me go for a little jog outside of the store while she observed some more.  I ended up doing this a couple of times, each with more comfortable shoes.  I ended up with a really great pair from Brooks that I nearly fell asleep in the first night like a little kid.  I didn't feel like she was trying to push me to buy higher priced shoes, which is great! I hate feeling pressured to get the biggest/most expensive/etc. of something.  Then she gave me a little info on what kind of socks I should be wearing.I referred a friend here, who also found her experience to be top notch.  I look forward to shopping here again! I can't sing Kelly's praises enough, she was so awesome!
5	Although this running store is not in the most convenient location for us, my husband and I would drive across town to get fitted for running shoes. We tried a few other places for fittings, but this place seemed to do the best job and have employees with the most expertise. When I first decided to try running, I went to a bigger store and ended up with shoes that were way too tight and just not a good fit. A few months later, I tried this place and was really pleased with how thorough they were. Your first running shoe fitting can be a little awkward (I don't really like people around my feet anyway), but they made it very comfortable and easy and I loved the shoes they recommended. I probably paid more than other more discounted places, but I would rather pay a little more for good foot health and a better running experience.Overall, a great place to be fitted for running shoes whether you're just starting out or have been running for a long time.
5	I attended the running workshop led by Barry and it was amazing. It was super helpful and I learned a lot about running in general as well as my specific gait. Then because of that awesome work I went to the other side of the store and bought a pair of shoes that they helped me find specifically for my foot and gait. I will definitely be coming back here for my next pair of shoes.
5	These guys know what they are talking about!  So helpful on fitting me for shoes for my first half marathon...got rid of my knee pain!!!  I thought I would have to live with running knee pain for the rest of my life....turns out I was in the wrong shoe!!!!
5	Went to this store to buy shoes for my husband and the sales rep was so honest and open that he talked us out of buying that type of shoe for the sake of my husband's back health. We hugely appreciate this type of honesty and integrity and husband said I could buy a new sports bra just so we could support them!! Sports Bra was on sale and is one of the best I now own. We will go back there for everything we need to support a business that puts integrity over profit.
5	Runner's Den is a Runner's paradise. I run a running group in the area and the store has been extremely supportive of every group member that has stopped in the store and even offered a group discount for buying shoes. There involvement and sincerity with the run community is unmatched. They have one of the best running clinics in the valley. They want you to be successful from having the skills to run correctly to the gear to achieve it. I recommend this business for all your running needs. They are truly the best.
5	After buying all sorts of shoes online and winding up with terrible foot pain while running, I finally got smart and went to see the pros at Runner's Den. These guys have been at this location since 1978, and you can tell when they help you find shoes. They seriously know what they are doing. I was greeted by Torrie and Craig (Craig has been with the company since 1983...wow...no wonder he knows what he is looking at).I got the double customer service experience from both of them, which consisted of a short interview and history, preferences (which they really listened to!), etc and of course a barefoot exam walking up and down the aisle. Apparently, my left leg is quite unusual...good to know. :)It was interesting- with Torrie and Craig both watching, as I finished up walking, they looked at each other and said "Brooks PureFlow?" Simultaneously.  Awesome. A few minutes later I was wearing them and running outside with Torrie watching my gait.  Shoes felt amazing. They really nailed it. Next, they brought out three more pairs of similar shoes to compare- I tried each of those on and ran with each...not surprisingly their instincts were correct and I walked out with a new pair of PureFlows. Pricing is exactly the same as zappos, but 60 day exchange if they don't work out...regardless of the miles you put on them. You just can't beat it with a stick. I came home telling my wife I'm never buying running shoes online again when I have these guys down the street. Totally awesome experience and I will be back!! As the weather cools I'm gonna need some colder weather gear....
5	Where do I even start? I love this place. Every time I have visited I feel like I'm part of the family at Runner's Den. I have been to so many specialty running stores all across America and Runner's Den is hands down the best. The staff is knowledgable and friendly and I've never felt rushed. I love all things running and I could LIVE in this store. Thanks, Runner's Den. Keep up the great work.
1	Had a terrible experience today. We were both willing to pay full price for shoes but the salesperson was disinterested and arrogant.  She didn't care and it showed. I'll buy them elsewhere.
