4	I stopped in this little restaurant on my way to work. Ordered a Pad Thai dish and it was great!!! They only had 4 levels of spicy. But 4 was like a 10 in most Thai restaurant....it was on FIRE!!! Their Thai Coffee was such a thirst quencher, just right for the hot weather we've go here in Las Vegas.I would definitely go back again and try something else on the menu.
4	very good, very cheap!! i only wish they had a couple choices for vegan besides tofu.also if you ask for vegan or vegetarian you have to request NO fish sauce.i only mention this because they claim to be vegan friendly on urban spoon..
5	I live in Los Angeles and this is a restaurant I'd actually drive to if I had 8 hours to spare to get to Vegas.  Owned by a young foodie and up and coming entrepreneur who actually brought out plates of sizzling food to us himself, this restaurant has the BEST thai food I've ever tasted.   Definitely order the crispy squid and get yourself the spicy fried talapia (whole fish).   Also, try the refreshing lemongrass iced tea... something I rarely see anywhere else.
4	Oh YUM! This place rocked my universe today! I had a cheap lunch special...mint pork. It came with a drink and white rice for a grand total of $6. I practically licked the plate, it was so darn good. My mouth is watering more from just thinking about it.I gave it 4 stars because the atmosphere is college-student (though the music is great), but for an under $10 lunch...you won't find anything better.Serious...yum!p.s. I think the secret is their fish sauce.
4	Tried their food yesterday; definitely great quality and a good value!My meal consisted of (shared with friends of course ;P):A fried eggplant appetizerSome awesome potstickers (not sure if it was chicken-mint or something like that? They were really good!)Flat noodles (Pad-see-ew)My favorite seafood soup "Po-tak"Fried bananas with Taro Ice cream (Yum!)Thai Iced CoffeeGreat "hole-in-the-wall" type place; very homely and comfortable with a great menu selection... I just wished they were a bit closer! LOLMight have to go back again and try more things to see if they can get to 5 stars ;P
2	This a funky Thai restaurant located in the hospital zone.  We started off with som tum - shredded papaya salad with tomatoes, green beans, Thai chiles and lime juice.   We requested heat level 2, but were levitated off our seats by the spiciness of this dish.  Our shared entrees of pad Thai with shrimp and three color curry with chicken were milder, but neither proved to be exceptional.  Our bill included an automatic 18% gratuity because I used a $25 gift certificate purchased from a local radio station.
5	Wow! My craving for Three color curry never goes away. I'm always impressed by the food, the service, and their obvious love and passion for creating a great place to eat. I always order the Beef Salad, Three Color Curry, and their Pad Thai is out of this world. I love the sort of granola atmosphere, its hand done and you can tell that someone put their heart into making it cute and simple. This place is one of my top favorite places in the city!!
4	Another restaurant.com meal - tried to hit it a few weeks back but they were closed for the holidays. This is another example of a mom/pop biz that i'm hopeful will be here for years to come. Laid back, low key kinda place and decent food. Not too busy when the roomie and I were there but the to-go orders were rockin' ! Last time i was here, went with a buddy that didn't want to venture beyond the beef jerky and the pad thai - bummer ! This trip, went with the Cindy Special ( has this tasty sauce - i think she called it rainbow - somethin' like that ) it's an omelet with greens and a side of noodles - i love the combination of the lemongrass, cilantro, lime, Thai basil etc, though i felt a little too much sugar / sweetness ( in most of the dishes ) Had a Tom Yum soup - great spice ( we went with "3-chili" level spice on everything ) We were given a free app of dumplings - OK, a little on the greasy side. The dry noodles were perfect ( it helped that the roomier scooped out the sugar that was in the pile - you basically mix it yourself ) I'll definitely hit Mix Zone again !
3	Went here last week and I must say I love Thai food and since going to Thailand can't find any place to measure up...this place fell short as the other places I have tried since my visit in December.  I did enjoy the eggplant appetizer and my thai iced coffee. Our entrees were okay, not as spicy as I thought they would be after some of the reviews. One we got medium spicy and the other hot, neither were particularly hot. The service was good and the staff was friendly. The papaya salad was okay. I'm still on the hunt for my favorite thai place. I would eat here again, but I would try something else....the pad thai was too sweet and the flavor weren't well mixed...I would have a giant mouthful of fish sauce, then a mouthful of no flavor etc. The curry was okay, no complaint about that. Maybe curry is just the way to go here?
5	Oh i rike i rike..bery goo bery goo!
5	If you have the taste for Thai, this is the ace in the hole.  Chicken mint potstickers are to die for.  We are major fans of basil chicken and though they don't have it the mint chicken was the perfect substitute.
2	So I have worked in this area for about 4 years. I have eaten here at least 20 times. The Good: The food is good. The prices reasonable. It is independently owned. It used to be off the beaten path. I like those facts & tried to support this restaurant. The Bad: Over the years it has gotten busier & busier especially at lunch (the hospital people figured out its location.) The atmosphere used to be trendy &laid back, it is now rushed & kinda dirty. The food has always been SLOW to come out & is usually not ready when stated for picking up take out. Service has always been mediocre. I was able to overlook these points until today. Today as I was dining at a small table for 1 today and I was asked to move. Not to just another table but  to an even smaller crappier one. It was next to the register, so you have people standing over you the whole time &  it has a broken chair.  I declined and got my food to go. It was clear they  valued others business over mine despite the fact I was already ordered, about to get my food & have eaten there many times. This experience left a bad taste in my mouth. Sadly I will not be returning here any more. There are just to many other choices. China Town on Spring Mt. has great food and it never takes as long to get it as it does at Mix Zone to get it.
2	The food was pretty spicy.The portion was not big.The price was not cheap.All our four kids (8/7/6/6 at that time) did not like the food !
5	Mix Zone Cafe is sooooooo good! Their lunch specials are VERY reasonably priced and the food is wonderful. I can't wait to go there again! Go check it out.
3	Full flavor, tasty food. Well spiced and delish. I would have given this 4 stars but the service was weird and the trip to the bathroom was very stinky.
5	Mix Zone Cafe is one of the best Thai Restaurants in Las Vegas! I was referred to this restaurant through word of mouth and used them as lunch catering for work.  I ordered trays of Three Color Curry, Whiskey Chicken Wings, Mint Chicken Pot Stickers, Pad Thai and Pad Prik-- a combination of Thai food that my 95 staff office would enjoy! First of all, the catering service was really great! And most importantly, the food was delicious, which everyone enjoyed the food. I, personally love everything that I have ordered on the menu.  Especially the Whiskey Wings, Mint Chicken Pot Sticker and Three Color Curry.  The environment of this restaurant is also very clean and service is amazing!  Trust the servers to recommend anything on the menu as all of the items are tantalizing with authentic taste that makes you feel like you are eating street food in Thailand,  which I am now drooling over those wings! When I say street food, don't fret! Because if you have not visited Thailand....the street foods are the most authentic and the best food there is compared to the foo foo Americanized restaurants in the Land of Smiles; which Mix Zone Cafe definitely has accomplished this goal and also caters to first time eaters of Thai Food or for those safe eaters and who enjoys Thai cuisine.I would give Mix Zone Cafe including the chef and the staff 10 stars if I could!
4	Solid lunch special with good spicy curries.
4	Came down with Angela H. to kick off one on the "to do" list. The menu is not very big, but has good variety. I think thats the downfall of some Thai places in town is they are trying to do too many too much and some dishes fall to sub par.Wanted to try this famous 3 Color Curry. I got it medium with beef. It had such an interesting flavor combining the three...I did like it but it was hard to place the flavoring but it was savory yet had a lemongrassy/kefir leaf kinda after taste which I dont know which color did that come from but I like. I think Misti hit it that it is a throwback to a Massaman.Angela got Shrimp Panang and I took a bite and that was legit. Got eggrolls and they were decent. I really like the vibe of this place and our server was very sweet and chatted us up a bit specially about their 100 star beef noodle and that yes, the guy wears a gas mask and gloves while cooking it and will bring it out like he's carrying out something explosive. No entertainment today, but hopefully we one day get to cheer some one on the mission to eat it. I wont do it. We sat there with our 2 star/mediums and had a bit of a random heat flash. Kinda weird but it wasn't my mouth burning but I just felt hot like the chilies made my blood boil. Don't know what happened but I havent had that body feel without a firey mouth before. The lunch specials are the deal so coming back for some of those sometime. I liked it a lot that I'm coming back next weekend with the BF and probably his moms and grandma. Very curious to try their Pad Se Ew, Spicy Fried Catfish and Beef Jerky.. to be continued next weekend...Nice find, thanks Yelpers for the Curry Thread suggestion of this spot.
5	After trying to get a certificate from www.restaurant.com for so long, I finally purchased one (it wasn't sold out). We tried this place because I had to pick up a prescription from the nearyby Pharmacy. (Note: we also like other restaurants in this tiny strip mall area.) And frankly, I wanted to see why the certifcates were in demand for this restaurant. I admit, I was curious. Also, we really wanted Thai food. First of all, the decor was really surprisingly nice. I love the ornate tapestries of Thai culture (elephants). The menu waspretty extensive. Also, there is a lunch special menu. Since we were using a certificate, we ordered an appetizer: spring rolls, two entrees: yellow curry chicken with potatoes and thai style fried rice, two thai iced teas, and dessert: taro ice cream. Everything was very good. The yellow curry dish was the standout dish for us (it reminded us of Lotus of Siam in the Commercial Center). The taro ice cream was the best that we ever tasted (We go to Hawaii and we've tasted many taro items on the islands). My husband wanted to buy a pint from them! SInce we ordered a lot of food, we had to box the rest up. (Yay! Leftovers! More for later.)We were definitely surprised at how good the food was- being that we never tried it, and we've come to this strip mall for years to eat at the other restaurants that we like. Now I understand why those certificates keep selling out! It belongs on the "Best of Las Vegas" list. The service was really good. The server was friendly and attentive. We would definitely come again and we might bring some friends with us. I immediately put the good word out there on Facebook. We're so glad that we found this really great Thai restaurant.
5	it's a hidden gem...i love the duck here and its actually cheap. love coming here w/ my girlfriends...i'm craving for it now actually. haven't been in here for 3 years now coz i moved across town.
4	return visit to Mix Zone for Lunch last week:Thai Beef salad ( heat level 4 ) Tri-curry Shrimp ( also a 4 ) Lap-tok  ( minced chicken - 10 level ) I dig this place.  Positive vibe, good , fresh food.  Surprised to find out you are not limited on the heat level - meaning, they will go as high as 100 !!!  WTF chili is used to hit 100 ?!??!  i assume it's the ghost chili (   i think that's the name ) I wish they were closer to my house, but i say that about every food place in this city !
3	I came here on a tip from Misti.  The place has a very cafe feel to it, with trendy music and a cross between a coffee shop and Thai atmosphere.  I could definitely see myself just hanging out here with some friends after enjoying a good meal.I ordered the pineapple fried rice and the Lad Na.  The pineapple fried rice was tasty, with a nice (medium) spicy heat.  Everything was fresh, and the pineapple wasn't canned.  The rice was slightly greasy, but the nice taste made up for it.  The lad na wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best either.  The pork was nicely prepared, and the Chinese broccoli was nice and fresh.  I wasn't to into the gravy sauce though.  It was thick and full of taste, but it tasted too much like teriyaki sauce.  The food here isn't completely authentic Thai, but its still good.  I would enjoy eating here again with friends.  Very cool atmosphere, and pretty good food!
5	Mix Zone is such a great restaurant with wonderful chef and staff! For our frequent office luncheons, sometimes staff demands certain type of food. And when they demand Thai food...we always call Mix Zone for catering! All we do is give them a budget and they choose our menu which is always amazing! My hungry staff of designers and architects are happy and full of mix zone in their tummies!
3	I'm writing this from the perspective of someone who is currently avoiding sugar and has always hated spicy food. One might say avoid eating Thai, but I'm not a person is easily dissuaded! Ordering was difficult (due to me and my funky restriction) :) It went something like this :----------------------Me: "I'm trying to avoid sugar - what do you suggest"Waitress: "Are you like allergic to sugar, because we have nothing that doesn't have sugar"Me:"No, not allergic, just trying to avoid it... What about the duck"Waitress: "Duck prices have gone up, don't have any"Me: "the beef salad with no dressing?"Waitress: "Sure, how hot?"Me: "MILD"---------------I was then brought the hottest food I've ever eaten. Rather than being a total brat and sending it back, I attempted to get it down. I've never been so "hot" in my life! I felt nauseaus, the room was spinning, I downed 5  twenty ounce glasses of water. I don't get how you spice lovers do it :) . It was truely painful to eat ! So I know this was not "mild" because my coworker got the tri color curry also "mild" and it was perfect. A nice subtle heat that builds as you eat the dish. Not something that knocks you on your a** on the first bite. I realize heat levels are hard to "regulate", but it's one of my major pet peeves when a place can't show some consistency. When both dishes are "mild" and one is 10x hotter than the other there's an issue!!On a side note, the tri color curry was fabulous and addictive and I completely understand the love it gets! One of the best currys I've ever eaten, although I'm hardly an expert in curry. After lunch my coworker and I were both feeling pretty lousy all afternoon. Not stomach lousy but I want to pass out lousy. Had trouble staying awake, killer headache, etc. After eating freaking lettuce + a few ounces of sliced beef and 2 bites of curry I shouldn't feel like crap! I suspect too much MSG, but I know I'm pretty sensitive to MSG so others may not be affected. Overall it was cute, homey, and the tri color curry was damn good. It will probably be awhile before I return - the MSG and the raging heat level on my "mild" salad have scared me off .
3	We went with some friends not too long after this review, and three of us (out of four) didn't feel well afterward. This is too bad because I thought we'd found a good Thai restaurant. So, we won't be going anymore.
3	Would have been 4 stars if the pad se ew portion was normal sized.  For $8.95, it had a teeny tiny bit of noodles/veggie/chicken, the smallest portion I've ever seen (a child would still be hungry after finishing it).  The pineapple fried rice and yellow curry were normally portioned.  I don't know, maybe the chef forgot to throw in the other half of the noodles but I felt really ripped off with the portion we got - darn, should have taken a photo of it, forgot!  Anyway, food was pretty tasty, a bit salty but tasted good.  Service was quick and friendly except they did forget to give me my credit card back so I had to ask for it before I left.
4	We've been hearing the rage about Mix Zone Cafe and finally got a taste of it at the Yelp Elite Event a few months back.  We were highly impressed by their 3 Color Curry then and we wanted more!The Grilled Beef Salad "grilled beef with red onion, tomato and cilantro, seasoned with lime juice and Thai chili" ($7.95) was an easy choice as this is one of the Husband's favorite Thai dishes.  He initially chose "Hot" for their heat level and I reminded him that others have commented on how extra hot their heat was here.  So, he changed it to Medium.  Disappointingly, it was more like a Mild heat.  It was good, but we wanted the heat after all!We also shared their signature dish of 3 Color Curry "A Mix Zone special blend of red, yellow, and green curry and all their vegetables with choice of meat." ($9.95) with tofu.  I also went for Medium too, but did wish it was spicier after we got it.  I also appreciated the mix of veggies in there - string beans, carrots, bamboo shoots, carrots, bell peppers and cucumbers.Another incentive was that they were now offering all day lunch specials and a free brown rice upgrade.  Well, this wasn't the case anymore when we went.  (Although they still had the lunch special signage outside even though it was clearly dinner time.)  Brown rice now costs $.50 more.  And we also discovered they are no longer accepting coupons.  Overall, we enjoyed our meal but left a bit disappointed.  The heat just wasn't there, so I guess it depends on who is working the kitchen when you go.  It's definitely worth checking out when they are running their lunch specials though!3.5 stars.
1	We had a 3:00 late lunch on Saturday in early October of this year.    We figured it was later in the day, thus explaining the emptiness of the place.  By that, I mean, we were the only ones there. Towards the end of lunch, that hadn't changed much.  With the "Best of LV" reviews I've read previous, I was rather surprised there was no other customers.   Knowing this was a bad sign; we were parched and hungry from earlier activities and ventured inside.  We ordered the papaya salad, chicken on a skewer, pad Thai noodles, and a grilled pork plate.   Every dish we ordered was bland and lacking in "wok hei."    What is that you ask?  Wok hei is the Chinese term describing the fragrance of food that is cook correctly in a wok.  Also, it's a pet peeve of mine when drinks we ordered were served in plastic cafeteria cups.  I'm not 10 years old and am certainly not paying cafeteria prices.  After a $50 lunch bill for 2 adults and one restaurant phobic child, we were told that restaurant is under new ownership and would not accept the Restaurant.com certificate. The whole reason we even tried the place was because of a Restaurant.com certificate. Needless to say, that was our first and last time dining at the Mix Zone cafe.  Restaurant.com customers beware because they still offer the certificates to this restaurant on their site even after I notified them of the problem.
4	we order from this place all the time for lunch! they have great lunch specials and the price is right! i highly recommend the "crispy chicken fried rice" special and the "yellow curry" with white rice! YUM YUM! they make a really good beef pad see ewe.... don't forget the mango and sweet sticky rice! this place rocks!! :) big fan!!!
1	We went for dinner we orderd the mint chiken wontons for an app, well we heard from the kitchen that they were missing one wonton there should be seven there was only six,, they brought it out anyway. they also were out of lemongrass tea when half of the dishes have lemongrass in them, was way over priced for the food go to archies instead.curry was edible but nothing special,dont waist your time at this place.
5	FRESH, AUTHENTIC, HIPThere are so many Thai restaurants in town, it is difficult to find a favorite.  Let me save you some time and gas money, Mix Zone Cafe is the best Thai food you've never had. Friendly wait staff, good music, great lunch specials. Generally speaking, a Thai restaurant should be judged on three dishes:  Pad Thai, Panang/Red Curry, and Tom Kha.  These three dishes are simple staples of Thai cusine, and should be safe bets when dining in a new spot.  All three of these dishes have been delicious everytime I've ordered them.  The best card this Thai dream has up it's sleeve, is the varying degree of spice you can request with your dish.Order from 1 - 4 stars; the higher the number the spicier.  They also have "underground hot," which goes up to 100 stars.  I am a lover of hot foods; the type that clear sinuses and make you sweat.  I ordered the panang curry at 60 stars and it was almost too much, but still really flavorful .  Dare to be adventurous, go for the 100 star spice level but be warned, its no joke.Bottom LIne:  Fresh ingredients really shine in the authentic Thai cuisine at Mix Zone Cafe.  Great for a quick lunch, or a delicious dinner.
4	Delicious thai food at half the cost as other restaurants. Service is fast and friendly and the area isn't awful but seating is limited. Usually you can sit right down because there take out option is so popular. They also had an amazing duck curry (a favorite dish of mine) but took it off the menu because the price of duck was too expensive to offer the dish cheaply. But keep checkin to see if they bring it back cuz its worth it!
4	Tried this for lunch yesterday and we weren't disappointed!  We started with the Pork Larb Salad and it was comparable to what we ate in Bangkok.  An amazing blend of spice and flavor.  Definately a top pick!  The Thai Iced Tea cooled off the heat of the salad.  I tried the three color curry and it had plenty of kick at a number four, fresh veggies and tender chicken, with just enough lime leaf.  Others tried the panang and yellow curries, but I was partial to mine.  Great service with an attentive wait staff.
3	Today I reaffirmed my opinion that Mix Zone is a bit Americanized, however done well.  We ordered the 3 Color Curry, the Dan Special, the pineapple fried rice, and the pad see ew.  I also ordered Thai Iced Coffee, and tried my friend's Thai Iced Tea.  Unfortunately, I would recommend giving both of these a pass.  The cream that they use in the Thai iced coffee is similar to the cream used in Vietnamese coffee.  It doesn't mix well with the iced coffee, and the coffee itself doesn't have a good flavor. The Dan Special is a flat rice noodle dish with scrambled egg, with a sort of mini-salad on top. It is covered by a sweet, slightly oily sauce.  This dish is not spicy at all, and I'm pretty sure it is an invention of the cook rather than a traditional Thai dish.  It was tasty though, and a yummy way to eat salad, although a little bit on the sweet and sugary side.The 3 Color Curry, which this place is famous for, is an interesting curry.  It has some Indian flavors in it, and it isn't sweet.  While not very traditional for Thai curry, I enjoyed it.  The pad see ew with chicken was a little bit sweeter than normal.  The chicken was slightly dry, but nothing to complain about.  It came with nicely prepared Chinese broccoli.  Other than the added sweetness, this wasn't a bad dish at all.The pineapple fried rice was my least favorite of the bunch.  It had canned pineapple chunks, which is a big no-no in my book.  The rice was a little dry for me, and a little bit salty.  This is better than having greasy fried rice, and it definitely wasn't terrible, but I probably wouldn't order it again.  Overall, I think that Mix Zone is a good restaurant, but it definitely is not traditional. This probably isn't a bad thing for the customer base that they are going for (there is a hospital right next door that filled the place up at lunch time).  Stay away from the Thai iced tea/coffee though.  Those were both really bad.
5	A must when you're in Vegas. Great friendly service. Had the Tom Kha (coconut soup) and the Spicy Beef Noodle soup. Delicious and hits the spot for recovery.
4	I really give this place 4.5 stars.  After the UYE at the Fremont Street Flightlines, I stopped at the Mix Zone Cafe to give the place a try.  It has such good buzz on Yelp, so why not?  I got the 3 color curry with chicken, of course, and it was quite good.  Their spiciness is on a scale of 1 to 4.  I chose 3 and it could have been a bit hotter so the 4 would have been OK.Service was prompt, and my server was a delightful woman who was very proud of Mix's Yelp certificate.  I decided not to eat all the curry but to take some home for lunch.  She packed the in a small container and also put a container of rice so I had some rice for my leftovers.  Then she stapled the bag shut so it was easy to carry.  I then went to the bathroom to get the requisite photos of the wall art.  She chuckled and told me that one of the people from the shop thought it should be removed, but they decided to leave it as it is.  It's funny!  I love the eclectic nature of their bathroom.  Too bad Mix Zone is not closer to Summerlin.
3	I spent a summer in Thailand so i'm very familiar with authentic thai cuisine. This place is very reasonable for a relaxing lunch break if you are in the downtown area. The ambience is what you'd expect-- a few asian styled sculptures and some bamboo here and there. They played techno music which was a bit strange but not unwelcome.I ordered the lunch special with green curry chicken. I've actually prepared green curry myself at a thai cooking school and tasted it many times-- it's my favorite of the thai curries because it tends to be the spiciest. I thought they did a pretty decent job. The portion was good, and the price of the lunch special is fair considering it comes with a drink-- which was refilled copiously. I plan on returning to this spot the next time I'm in the area.
3	I used to frequent Mix  Zone very often and for a while they had a really tough time with consistency. But the last time I went I was surprised. The food was great.. Their green curry fried rice is hands down my favorite rice in the city. Its flavorful with just enough spice to tickle my tongue, plus they put an egg on top.. Hello can you say delish..!!This place is easily a 4 start thai spot for me but i'm a sucker for customer service and their is seriously lacking. The waitress is quick to take your order but that about it! You have to ask for water refills, I thought it was me but I actually saw several empty glasses while I waited. This would be ok if they were busy but the waitress was actually seated at a table having a personal conversation with another employee.. !! Bad move!!
4	My friend had the 3 color curry. Im not a fan of curry but it didnt look like curry. It was more of fried rice, with a egg on top and curry spices and curry peppers. He wasnt fond of it, and it was a little to spicy. For a Appetizer i had the Fried Eggplant with the honey dipping sauce. DELICIOUS. And my entree was chicken pad thai. Got it as a level 1. At first it was kind of bland and watery. They could of used bigger pieces of chicken. Once i mixed it up though it was good. Ive definitely had better though. Id give this place a second chance.
3	The Mix Zone Cafe has a nice variety on their menu.  It's a pretty good deal considering the price of the lunch special comes with a beverage, where some places will charge you a couple of bucks just for the drink.  I ordered the bbq pork with fried rice.  Tasty =) Pro: Pretty friendly staff and prompt service.Con:  If you're going for lunch, parking is horrible in the small shopping center, so it may take awhile or you could park elsewhere and walk.   They play the music too loud.
3	3.5 stars.  Just saw the free brown rice substitution with lunch special on one of the reviews - good tip!Stopped for lunch today and tried the mint chicken (thai style).  Too many onions in the mix but no big deal.  Flavorful but not hot (I ordered 3 on a 4 scale, gonna have to try 4 next time ;)  )Good serving size for the lunch special which includes a soda.  $10 including tip.Staff is always friendly and good atmosphere!  I recommend this place...
4	This is where I learned to love Thai curry.  It's been hard to beat since.  What a great place.  Awesome lunch specials.
4	This restaurant is close to my work and not so much to my house.  My husband and I were at Walker Furniture, so I decided to take him there so we could try it out.  It was so good!  There was definitely no lunch rush and if there was, we were past it, as it was about 2pm.  Service was fine - we asked a couple questions and got answers - no need to fawn over us!  I got the 3 color curry and my husband got something that he usually orders (not pad thai...).  We asked for 2 or whatever gives us a kick without ruining the taste of the food.  The food was excellent and there was a lot of it.  The next day, we ate our leftovers and it was much hotter as the spices infused, but still excellent.  Cant wait to go back and try some more stuff - will probably get food to go and take it home from work.
3	This is a review I have hesitated writing for a while now.  I have been so up in ther air about Mix Zone.  I could never decide whether I like it or not.  Well, my friends, today I have made my decision (see star rating for confirmation).I have ordered from Mix Zone I think twice in the past year and a half.  Compare that to the almost weekly visits to other places like Pad Thai and Weera Thai and you begin to see a pattern.  It is not that the food is bad at Mix Zone.  The curry dishes are good.  The BBQ pork is fine.  I'm not a fan of thin bone-in grilled pork chops but the flavor is pleasent.  I guess the real reason I choose not to visit Mix Zone is that they do not have many options on the lunch menu.  Furthermore, when speaking of value, the price here is higher than at some places that still have quality food and more options.  It is nice that they offer a drink with their lunch special. The other places I have mentioned do not give you such a treat.  That gives Mix Zone a bump up from 2.5 stars to three in my book.
3	i would highly recommend the red curry and three color curry. There's free wifi and photos on the wall of the dishes that help a lot.
4	Great lunch place but get here before noon as it gets filled up fast.
3	Great green curry , excellent chicken satay.  Tofu here is superb.Not as good as it used to be, but still solid.  Stay away in summer time because the air conditioning isn't good.  Thai food already makes me sweat- no need for double sweating.
1	Worst pad kee mow ever. There was no flavor at all and the noodles were undercooked. Our group ordered green curry, pad see ew, and pad thai as well. Andddd those item were terrible as well. The curry was watered down, pad see ew was bland and the chinese broccoli was limp, and pad thai lacked sweet and sour flavor to it. We ordered delivery today, maybe it's better if you sit down? Either way, I'm not interested in spending money there again. My meal came out to $11 and I threw away more than half! Me thinks not indeed!
2	I thought I'd written a review for this place, but I guess not. I've been here maybe like 4-5 times over the last couple years and the first few times, I thought it was pretty good. I only come here for curry. I usually order the Panang curry and I get it really spicy. I  was in the mood for it yesterday and stopped by for the first time in maybe 6 months or so. My boyfriend and I agreed that they were off their game yesterday.Firstly, my glass of water tasted funny. It had a weird... sort of floral flavor to it. I thought I was imagining things because my nose was a little congested and I thought my sense of taste was off, but then my boyfriend said that his coke, which was flat, tasted a bit like soap. I'm guessing they didn't rinse out our cups all the way. Next, my curry was all bamboo. I've had curry (and other dishes) where there were a few strips of bamboo in it, but it's not like it's the main part of the dish. My curry yesterday was just a mound of bamboo with sauce that went halfway up the pile. I found a few pieces of green pepper. I asked for chicken in it and I had like 4-5 small pieces. I had to really look for them underneath all the fluff.There was just so much bamboo that after eating a few spoonfuls, I had to leave the rest of it. Don't get me wrong, I don't not like it, it's just that it was too much and I thought I got chicken curry, not bamboo with some curry sauce dribbled on top. To top it off, I asked for a 3 (you get to choose the spiciness, 1 through 4 with 4 being the hottest), but it wasn't even remotely hot. It was borderline mild. I remember coming here and starting to sweat over the 3 and 4 (wasn't in the mood for a 4 yesterday), but what I had yesterday felt like nothing.Lastly, the bathroom wasn't terrible, but when I walked in, someone used the sink that was out of order, so it was backed up and full of dirty of water, someone had used up all the toilet paper, and whoever that person was, they didn't bother to flush.So not only did I not really enjoy my meal, I couldn't even go piss out some soap water before we left.I liked this place in the past, but I have reservations about coming back now. I would've given it a 4 before today. Maybe I'll try some other dishes if I ever go back, but I don't think I want to have their curry anymore.
2	I ordered Chicken Satay and Beef with Mixed Vegetable to go.  Service was fast.  The mixed vegetables were fresh and crunchy, the beef was non-existent, literally just scraps...but edible.  The chicken satay was absolutely horrendous.  1,  The chicken in proportion to the skewer were identical and they only give you four as a oppose to six in most Thai restaurants, 2.  The chicken was sour!!!  2 stars for the fresh veggies, unfortunately I will not return.
3	The food is pretty good & the pricing is fair. The wait staff was pretty prompt.
3	This review is based on a quick lunch so I might need to go back for a full review. I was in need of some beef and meatball noodle soup so I called ahead of time to place the order so that I could have the food ready when I arrived. They are really fast because when i got there it was ready and waiting for me.The atmosphere is like any small asian food shop in a shopping center. Not too fancy but with just a touch of traditional thai elements around the room. The music was a chill loungy techno which made me feel like I was on vacation somewhere in Europe. The people greated me with a nice smile and where pleasant thru the whole expereience. Now on to the food. The bowl was overflowing with noodles. So much that I couldnt even mix in some extra spices with out spilling it out of the sides. The flavor was pleasant but not anything out of the ordinary. The only issue I had was that there really wasnt that much meat and veggies and was really just a bunch of noodles. I would suggest bigger bowls or just a little less noodles so that it isnt so overwhelming when adding any extras.A warning to all of you non cash carrying people. There is a $10 minimum on credit/debit transactions. I ended up just ordering a Thai ice tea to go in order to bring it up past $10. The thai icetea was a let down. Every region of thailand has a different style of flavors so maybe im just used to everything being alot sweater. But it wasnt really great. Just ok.Overall I had a pleasant experience and will definetly be giving it a second try for one of their lunch specials.  This is a great spot for a quick lunch or maybe a late night snack if they are open late.
3	Went here with a fellow medical student for lunch on a Thursday. I've heard several different things about this place so we decided to give it a try. It is a typical Thai restaurant, but I'm a little bummed out with the fact that Chicken Pad Thai isn't included on the lunch special menu. My buddy decided to get some chicken dish that was on the lunch menu but I stuck to the pad thai and paid the normal price for it.The Pad Thai was not very spicy at all when I had asked for it to be. No big deal though, I added some chili sauce and crushed pepper to my liking. The chicken dish my friend ordered was "ok" and wasn't really anything spectacular. The Thai Iced tea however was ON POINT!!! Loved it!! Service was ok...it kinda seemed like the waitress wanted to get us out of there as quick as possible.Overall, I think this place is just whatever. It's conveniently located near UMC, Valley Hospital, Southwest Medical, and numerous other clinics in the area. Would I return? Yeah maybe... I still like my regular thai restaurants a lot more though.
4	I don't know what it is about Thai Places, but I never eat at the restaurant, I am always order to go.  Mix Zone is not an exception to this fun fact about me.  I've driven by this place many times and I figured I should give it a shot since it is so close to home.  After trying their food, looks like this will likely be my new usual Thai place.Tofu Curry Fried Rice - This is outside of my normal ordering pattern, but I was intrigued when I saw it on the menu.  Normally, I don't order fried rice from restaurants because it is something I cook at home so often, but I rarely make curry so I figured, why not? I like spicy food so I ordered this dish at a level 3 spicy and it did have a kick.  The curry flavor was clear in the rice and it was filled with lots of veggies including green beans, which I really liked.  This was really enjoyable and I will definitely keep this in mind during future tripsTofu Pad Thai - When you first try a Thai place you have to order the Pad Thai, it is almost the unspoken rule that this is how you judge a Thai Restaurant.  The noodles were cooked perfectly, the sauce was great, and the portions of everything were great.  This was a classic well done Pad Thai.  Mix Zone you pass the test.  My order came with fried tofu, which made me wish I could have a steamed option, but I won't hold that against themYay for finding a good nearby Thai place
1	The hubby and I were starving and pulled into this plaza to eat. You know when you get a nasty feeling in your gut when you walk into a place but you are so hungry that you pretend you didn't feel it? Yeah, that was me at the door of Mix Zone Cafe. It's a dark and dirty looking place but it got pretty good reviews on Yelp so we gave it a try.We ordered some chicken satay which was decent...a bit dry but the peanut sauce was yummy. We also ordered some curry chicken (the white curry) which was also OK. The lemongrass iced tea was a bit on the sweet side but still refreshing. The curry was OK. The noodles were OK. Everything was pretty much OK considering where we were eating (not the classiest joint, if you know what I mean). Everything had kind of a funky aftertaste, though, but we were so hungry that we didn't care....yet.The wait staff was kind of strange. Telling me what I would like and adding things like we were at a nail salon. The house salad was horrid. Their house dressing was pretty much mayo squirted all over the top of some lettuce. When I asked our waitress if there was any other kind of dressing she seemed annoyed and took the plate into the kitchen. Then she came back and told me that "he" (I'm assuming she was referring to the cook) said since "we have to throw it away now, you have to pay for half". She was pretty straight-faced and awkward about it. What the?? I wasn't trying to get it taken off of our bill! I just wanted different dressing! She didn't even bring it back. I was a waitress during college so I have very high expectations from the waitstaff of every restaurant I go to. Personality goes a long way. If my waiter/waitress has a bad personality, it ruins my whole meal. I was pretty much done after that so we paid our bill (which ended up being almost $40 for lunch!) and left. They do have lunch specials which cost less. We just ordered off of the regular menu.   All I can say is, we were dragging for the rest of the day. Zero energy, gross feeling in our bellies, etc. Maybe it was all the MSG??? It felt like we abused our bodies for lunch. Why would I expect more from a hole-in-the-wall type of place in a shady strip mall? I blame myself for this one....should have trusted that gut feeling when we walked into the place.
2	Hit or miss. I've eaten at this restaurant several times now because it's so close to work. LOVED their curry lunch special. Recently, everything seems to be going down hill. The potatos and carrots in my curry always seem raw and the owner is just plain rude. I've had it delivered a couple times and it always seems to arrive at least 1 1/2 - 2 hrs later. Foods ok.
2	Was not impress the facility looked a bit dirty; and the food was just okay: nothing I would really recommend.
1	I came here with some friends for lunch since this place is close to where I work. The restaurant is rather small and the seating options were quite cramped. I ordered a chicken pad thai, spiciness level 3. The chicken pad thai was unimpressive to say the least. It was bland, greasy, and just plain flavorless. The amount of grease in their noodles is enough to give someone biliary colic. I was so disappointed in my meal that I couldn't even finish it. The total for my meal was $9.66. When I went to pay my bill, an older lady behind the counter  took my debit card and charged me $10.00. Seeing that there was no sign of a $10 minimum for credit cards, I asked her why she charged me $10 instead of $9.66. She said "it's just easier if I round it." For some reason, that really ticked me off. I know it's a negligible 34 cents (and I was going to leave a tip anyway of course), but she deliberately overcharged me due to convenience. What poor form! Makes me wonder what other shady things they do for their own convenience.
5	Excellent BBQ pork lunch!  Wow!  Found this place by accident. We were heading to Jimmy Johns which is closed. Decided to try here. Checked yelp. Read 3.5 stars average which isn't enough. This is wonderful !!  Fun atmosphere. Nice people. Quick polite service. Delicious food
2	I've been here two or three times and regardless that the food is good, the service is terrible. The most recent time I was there, I walked in 10mins before 3pm. Their lunch special is 11a - 3p, so walking in there was no one there... And I stood at the front waiting to be greeted for almost 3 or minutes. Granted doesn't sound like a long time but it is when the owner and two servers are at the register at the back of the restaurant and they see you but don't even acknowledge you that "hang on we'll be right with you." All three people saw me standing there waiting to be seated but not a one of them greeted me... Poor form and customer service to the max. Also very unprofessional move that they were talking about money and lost checks and servers getting scolded right there in front of me while I'm ordering. I understand that conversation may have started before I arrived but it shoulda stopped as soon as I came in.I normally order the Thai beef jerky because this is one of the only Thai restaurants that I know the jerky comes with sticky rice. Normally sticky rice has to be ordered separately. They were out of beef but had pork jerky... I have to say not as good in taste as the beef jerky. The server was nice enough to still give me the lunch special even though it was like 2:56 when I was ordering. The food is overall good. But the service ands magnet is completely unprofessional. I also ordered Thai tea and I will never order Thai tea there again. Total rip off!! They have the ball shaped crushed ice and my cup was ALL ice with Thai tea mixed in it... I had to ask for a cup of water and mix that with my Thai tea just to suck it all out of the ice... I was so upset. Super disappointed coz the food is good but after that experience idk if I'll be going back.
3	My boyfriend and I are always up to trying new Thai places and comparing. A hole in the wall restaurant with acceptional pricing and portions from the menu. The food was pretty good but the service could be better. Would definitely go for their lunch special.
1	My classmates and I have been to the Mixed Zone Cafe quite a bit because it's close to our school. Half the time the food is good and the other half is so-so. At least until our most recent visit. The dishes we ordered came with fried rice and when we began eating it, instantly realized the rice was spoiled. After the taste came the funky smell. Definitely bad rice. The waitress exchanged the spoiled rice for undercooked white rice. Less than appealing. One of my cohorts asked to cancel the entire order, she did not want to eat food that touched spoiled rice, understandably so. She was told to eat it anyway because they were still charging her for the meal, regardless of the quality of the food. Then she was told to take the food home to her kids. When asked if the restaurant would be responsible for hospital bills related to food poisoning, she was told "no" because she wasn't "being forced to anything." WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! And not to mention the HEALTH aspects!I caution anyone who enters that place to look for a Health Dept grade. Wish we had before eating.
5	Excellent BBQ pork lunch!  Wow!  Found this place by accident. We were heading to Jimmy Johns which is closed. Decided to try here. Checked yelp. Read 3.5 stars average which isn't enough. This is wonderful !!  Fun atmosphere. Nice people. Quick polite service. Delicious food
2	The food is good and they have free WiFi.  That's about it on the positive side.The service is pretty bad. I've been coming here for years and it's always been the same. They bring the plates for the table out one at a time, it isn't planned well.  Today I got my pad thai almost 15 minutes before the others at my table were served.The spring rolls were frozen inside so I had to send them back.Perhaps my biggest complaint is the bathroom. It's gross.  Smells super funky all the time and is not clean. They have faux plants glued to the wall, trying to create an illusion of ambiance but instead, all I can think of is how the fake plants gather dust and gems and cannot be thoroughly cleaned.
5	I seriously love this place. They r supper friendly, clean and inexpensive. No one makes a Papua salad like these masters in the kitchen. Thank u. Thank u.
4	I have been here quite a lot and love this place. It's inexpensive and the service has always been great. I work downtown at the outlet mall, so it was nice to  know they deliver there. The Tom yum is a littleDifferent than what I'm used too, but it is still delicious. I'm glad I found this little gem.
5	Best in town for someone who away from town!  We tired their Thai Tea is awesome.  Friendly waitstaff!  Next time we come back here.
5	Really great place to eat! The food was yummy and affordable on a tight budget. The waitress' were super nice and even gave us history into her culture,  very warm and inviting.  Will definitely return! ^^
