4	This little family run place has wonderful sushi!  The owners are Korean, but they serve sushi and many traditional Japanese dishes in addition to their own Korean Bulkogi.I prefer their sushi and their tempura over the Korean dishes.  The sushi is well crafted and fresh.  The have a nice light tempura and several other nice dishes.It is quite inexpensive.  I like to pick up a few rolls to share with friends  on the way home
3	I really want to give this place another star but cant as of yet. It is Korean family owned. They are in the process of getting their liqour license so their menu's were a bit confusing. They didnt have the beer pictured on the menu and they were out of or did not have what we really wanted to order from the menu. No fatty tuna etc etc. I suggest either not having those menus out or marking out what is not available. It was a bit confusing. We finally started with the green mussels and crab angels they were ok. Imitation crab eh, the Ikura was good see pics. The kid loves those damn things. The roll we ordered tasted really good but I cant remember the name, it had red snapper on top it came apart easily and their mayonnaise sauce was a little too orange looking compared to what I have seen. The meat eaters seemed to love the dolsot bibimpap with all the little sides. The tuna titaki was different hardly seared at all. I have been here before its a cute little place I love the staff they are super nice. There was tons of people picking up food while we ate. There were also several other diners being served. The best thing about this place is the pictures of all the dishes on the walls I think that is pure genius. The new sign says J.K. Sushi it was also known as The Japanese Bawl not bowl. I agree with Aletheia on this place though, it truly is better than Hana on 7th Ave. http://www.yelp.com/biz/jk-bowl-phoenix I really hope they get their liquor license soon before Ah-So opens up at Norterra.
4	I've been eating at this restaurant for years.  When I started going here it was called the Japanese bowl and had different owners.  The menu under the new owners is much larger than it used to be and now includes a nice variety of Korean delights.  Every visit is friendly and welcoming and we were always treated as family.  I used to go with my family on a regular basis and they always remembered my son and his favorite order.  The sushi is some of the best in the valley and they have some varieties that I've never had anywhere else.The Korean menu is great and they have specialized "bento" boxes for lunch as well as full sized dishes for dinner.  The portions are good and we never left hungry.This is one of my regular dining pleasures.
4	Great  little whole in the wall Sushi place. The customer service was very good our host/waiter was really on the ball and had excellent presence. My husband had  a few Korean Dishes that were suggested and her really like them . My daughter has Her standard choices of Salmon, red snapper, maguro and  yellowtail .  They looked  very fresh and she pronounced them delicious  . My caterpillar roll was good but not the best but I 'd order again just because I like caterpillar rolls.   We saw many other rolls that looked great  and we will try them next time.
5	My husband, daughter and I have been going here for over a year, and absolutely love it.  Aside from everyone being so incredibly nice and attentive, the food here is just fantastic.  We initially came here for the sushi, but Chen talked us into trying one of the Korean bowls, and now we're addicted.  We have not had one bad meal here.  The prices are very reasonable, the restaurant super clean, service quick--couldn't ask for anything better.  They also have a couple of plasma tvs which are usually tuned to a sporting event, which my husband loves. Contrary to a previous review, we did not find the menu confusing at all--it was very organized and descriptive (which is very helpful for the special sushi rolls).  Highly highly recommend this place!
4	We stopped in for take-out, so I can only comment on the food. We had the "Lion" Roll, "Super Shrimp Tempura" Roll, "Spicy Crunch Dynamite" Roll and a modified "New York" Roll. We were both pleasantly surprised  with all the rolls we ordered. I can honestly say we will be ordering food from J.K. Sushi again soon.
4	I have to say, my first venture into the amazing flavorbomb of Korean food was indeed an awesome one. First off, this restaurant is the definition of "hole in the wall". Family run, the interiors are not very fancy ( unless you want to look at the entire menu in picture format), but really, the food shines. While their sushi looked very impressive and terrible for you, we decided to go for the Korean food, as we have friends in South Korea who rave about the food all the time. She had the Bulgogi, and I had a Kimchi based soup that had tofu and beef in it, and both were awesome. The bulgogi had a lovely sweet flavor about it, that highlighted the flvor of the beef wonderfully. I could easily get addicted to it. My soup was amazingly hot & spicy, with large chunks of beef and tofu. It was warm and fulfilling, I assume it's the soul food of Korea.Also, the side dishes. They laid out about 7 different side dishes, each of them delicious. They ranged from cold daikon, to some sort of zucchini encased in pancake.  As for the service, it was super personal, and amazing. I will definitely be going back and trying the sushi, which could secure that final star.
3	Overall the sushi was pretty good. Not the best that I have had but for a quick dinner for the family it is good. For the quality of the food I would say that it was a little expensive but it beats going to McDonalds or other "fast" food restaurants.We had edamame (didn't come with salt), Shrimp Tempura roll, California roll, Shrimp Nigiri, Crab Nigiri and Chicken Teriyaki bowl. One thing we found was odd- they didn't have the typical Japanese soups.
3	I love pictures. I love pictures of male athletes. I love pictures of good hair. I love pictures of food. But I love pictures of every dish offered on the wall of JK Sushi the most.I had a monster craving for sushi so I ventured to JK for takeout. 2 avocado rolls, 1 Las Vegas roll [to celebrate booking the MGM Grand for the 15th-17th], 1 veggie roll, 1 order of crab angels. 15 minute wait, and the place had 0 patrons dining dining inside. The hostess wasn't too talkative but maybe just shy? All that ran me $25, you make the call on price.Took my bounty home, and enjoyed Robert Downey, Jr. as Sherlock Holmes as I also enjoyed my sushi. The Vegas roll was tasty, but different from what I've had [the entire roll covered in crispy tempura]. The avocado rolls were wonderful, my old stand-by and forever simple favorite. The veggie rolls are where it got weird. Cream cheese, cucumber, avocado, and rubbery lettuce. I've never seen lettuce in a sushi roll. It wasn't good. It made me feel weird. And it was rubbery. I didn't eat but a couple pieces.It's not the best, but it's good when you just have a craving.
4	I debated between giving them 4 or 5 stars. Here's why: If I was rating the staff, I would rate them a solid 5. They always remember us when we go there and they are super friendly. If I was rating the food on taste, I would rate it a 4.5 to 5. Most of the food is really great, but I would have to downgrade the rating to a 4 because some of it can be a little bit expensive. This is truly a hole in the wall place (as others have said), so I'm not as understanding of the prices as I would be if I was eating at a place with more ambiance. Nevertheless, I will continue to eat here, because the food is addicting. And, thanks for being so close to my home!
5	I absolutely love this place. The minute you walk in, you're greated by either Starr or Chen.  The place is small and doesn't get too crowded. The place is always clean and the entire staff is friendly and always on top of things.   They have pictures on the walls if you're in question on what your food will look like, which I found very creative of them to do. They do have a mixture of Korean and Japanese food.  I usually just get the sushi, so whatever you're craving, Japansese or Korean, or a little of both, head on over to J.K. sushi.
4	Awesome little hole in the wall. The sushi is good, although, some of the hot rolls were a little bit too cool. However, the service more than made up for it. Now that I know about it and its right down the street, it will be a staple!
1	I don't quite understand why this place has 4 stars or so. I've only been here once and that was enough for me. The service is not the greatest, we had to wait  for a while before we got our food. The sushi rolls were ridiculously small and not fresh enough. On top of all that they charged a lot. I dont know if they were holding back on some fish or what but 4 or 5 rolls equal $50? kinda sounds silly if you ask me, especially if the sushi is half the size. The rice was kinda of hard and the fish wasn't the best. Im a huge supporter for the mom and pop businesses but this restaurant did not meet my needs.
4	Tonight was the first time my girlfriend and I ate here after living around the corner of the past 9+ months.  The sushi was very good and the service was very nice and accommodating.  We had the Spicy Dynamite, the JK Special, and the California Roll.  All were excellent and had a very nice presentation.  The egg roll appetizer was disappointing.  They were more like veggie spring rolls than egg rolls really, but I wouldn't rate a restaurant on just a few egg rolls.  My girlfriend and I will be back here for sure!
3	Yelpers got it right on this one. This place is a-okay. The sushi was good but the atmosphere and missing bar stopped me from giving it 4 stars. With most food, I like hole in the walls and I'm not to big on atmosphere. But with sushi I think it is important. But in terms of sushi quality, it was good. They had a huge variety and the price was reasonable. But yen in only a few miles down the street and WAY worth the extra drive!
1	Not a fan. The staff was friendly but the decor, sushi, and atmosphere were bland... They don't have prices on their menu which is smart because this way they are able to overcharge you for their mediocre sushi rolls. I won't be coming here again.
1	This place is a joke. Stopped in around 5 pm because it looked like a inexpensive spot that may have happy hour. There was no alcohol or happy hour. Sushi was decent, but the prices were RIDICULOUS. Way over priced for a strip mall sushi joint with FM radio and so so service. While I was eating a couple came in, looked at the menu, and walked out as the server actually chased them out the door to charge them for the soda they left untouched. I actually created this Yelp account just to warn people about this place.
2	Sub-par sushi with uncooked rice, much better alternatives not too far away
4	This is easily my favorite Sushi place; they have a large assortment of authentic sushi and unique local favorites, and some of the best crab puffs I've ever tried. It's a small place, but it's never very crowded or over-done in anyway. It's great for a casual lunch, or a nice dinner and sushi. I recommend this place for anyone looking for great sushi, and not some over-the-top franchise.
1	My family stopped by Fry's Supermarket a few doors down to pick up some groceries.  Seeing that there was as sushi restaurant nearby, I decided to pick up something.  I ordered a few items for take-out.  After looking at the menu, I noticed that they served Korean dishes as well.   Where are the prices for the rolls?  Okay.  I'll find out once I pay.The salmon teriyaki came with miso soup that tasted like water with a few cubes of tofu.  Preserved Korean side dishes came with the entree, but the side dishes weren't ready yet.  They lacked flavor and taste.  The spicy scallop hand roll was really small and had very small scallops in them.  They are very limited menu for sushi rolls.  I forgot the name of the roll that I got, but it was supposed to be topped with raw salmon.  Where was my salmon?  Oh, it was cut paper-thin and some crab meat was covering it up.  They didn't mess up the CA roll.  I barely got any ginger or wasabi.  The rice used seemed different than rice normally used for making sushi.  I should've driven a few blocks to Hana Sushi.
5	It's awesome how this place combines korean dishes with japanese food choices.  I was able to get a korean dish named 'daji balkogi' (I believe that's how it was spelled) at the same time as my favorite sushi rolls.  The miso soup they bring to you as part of your meal is always great as well.  They do not serve alcoholic beverages (saki is not a choice), so keep that in mind.  It's small but worth the visit.  They are good people, I love them.
4	Great place to try different rolls, so good!   Clean quiet place with no waiting and you can relax there.  rice could be better.  Super nice folks.  Price more like $20 per person.
3	Had the super shrimp tempura roll & spicy tuna both were great. The chicken Korean BBQ was not my cup of tea. My boyfriend enjoyed it. Ordered the crazy dragon roll & was not appealing. Would eat here again but stick to my first 2 rolls. Good service.
4	Good hole in the wall type of place, never is busy.  Only bitch is the waitress was up our ass, she might as well have stood next to us and pulled empty plates out from under us as we lifted the last piece of sushi.  Not much for atmosphere either, if you like to dine in alley ways behind the homeless shelter, you'll feel right at home here.
5	We have been here twice now, and both times were great, A++!!!  On our first visit we just ordered two orders of the Spicy California rolls, then on our second visit, we ordered two orders of their avocado rolls, which by the way are only like $3 for 6 pieces, and one order of the spicy California roll, with also an order of their Teriyaki chicken with white rice and four small veggie sides. *** The food was good, but I think what keeps us wanting to come here is the wonderful customer service, they have been AWESOME to us,  we were greeted with an honest smile and we were well taken care of during our entire dining experience there!!! There is a really sweet and kind guy and girl that work at the register too, they are both extra awesome!!We will keep coming for more, hopefully to slowly but surely try-out there entire menu, eventually!!!
5	Picked up food many timez and dined in 1-2. Sushi is always fresh and service is quick
4	Came here for lunch and it isn't too bad. I had the Spicy Tuna Roll and Spicy California Roll, besides being a bit too thick with rice they were bomb!! They do need stronger wasabi though.
4	After passing(and judging) this place multiple times on my way to Fry's, I had never stopped in.  I LOVE sushi with a capital "Get in my belly," but with the strip mall location and pictures of the menu items displayed on the windows, I choose to skip over this hidden gem.  That is, until one hungover day I was craving Tempura Udon soup.  I hopped on Yelp, saw their menu, and choose to give JK Sushi a try.  Boy was I glad I did!  I ended up also ordering a caterpillar roll, edamame, and ikura sushi to go(adventurous I know!)  Everything was fabulous!  The soup was so amazing, and at $5.75 I was very impressed.  The soup did not come with any tempura, but usually when it does at other restaurants it can range from $10-12.Since then my boyfriend and I have been back a couple time.  Each time they are very friendly, we are seatied right away, and the pictures on the wall actually help me decide on something new.Overall, highly recommended!  They have only beer, wine, and saki, and the saki bombs are a little pricey.  I would love to see a happy hour menu here someday, but wishful thinking.Oh and something I figured out about the 3rd time I was there.  JK stands for Japanese and Korean.  I have tried 2 of their Korean dishes, and they all come with rice and 4 little side dishes(kimchi, potato, spicy cucumbers, ect).
1	I only eat sashimi and nigiri, so I can't comment on the rolls, but what I did have was not so good and rather overpriced. The Miso soup was a salty mess without seaweed and tofu bits with the consistency of gravel. The green tea (tea bags, really???) was, well, cheap tea bag tea. The nigiri was okay, but the sashimi was simply awful: wrapped in lemon sliced (to hide the smell of old age?) and of microscopic size.Last but not least, an overbearing waitress who wouldn't listen. Not coming back!
1	Ok so heres the deal. I have had alot of sushi in my time at many different places. Out if all these years I have had one bad experience. That is here at J.K SushiThe room was pretty dang warm, not the biggest of deals but warm none the less. We had the lunch bowl with eel and the caterpillar, with the crunchy roll salmon jalapeno.The beginning starter which was the miso soup was bland and flavorless. I was like ok no big deal. The lunch bowl came out. The chicken was fried with a bottled sauce thrown on top after cooked. No real flavor and bit down on some cartlidge a few times, the vegetables were under cooked also lacking in any kind of flavor. So now we have our sushi. The sliced brownish tented green caterpillar came out and it was ok. Nothing special no biggie. Its the same for the other sushi except the eel. Eel is my favorite sushi anywhere that serves it. I try it here and my eel doesnt smell right. I take a bite and to my surprise it doesn't taste good. Not a good as flavor but i honestly think they served me bad eel. The smell was so bad i can smell it as she brought it out. We pay our bill and then she asks why i didn't tip. I was very nice to her and I explained it to her in a very nice manor and she pretended not to understand me and walked away. This was my first trip and my last. I don't ever not tip which was also a first time for me. I felt bad till she snubbed me.
1	After looking at the reviews for this place I thought I would give it a try. I have driven by and thought about it but always reconsidered. I wish I would have gone with my gut on that. This was probalby one of the worst sushi experiences ever! The food was bland the service was blah and I spent way too much for what we got. We asked what beers that had and she sais "kirin" so we ordered it. Then on the way to the bathroom we see a whole fridge with coors light. What BS!. I ever never tipped so poorly in my life but it was well deservered. Never go there it is a waste of money.Go with your gut on susho most of the time! If it looks like cr@@ it probably is. Oh yeah and my 7 year old thought the gyoza was made for a toddler. It was like MINI gyoza with no flavor.
5	It's not as busy in the morning but it does get busy in the evening! Their sushi is made fresh by a very kind man. This restaurant not only serves sushi but also korean food! To those that live close by and love a mix of Japanese and Korean food, are very lucky. I, for instance, don't get it that often and consider myself to be lucky. There is only one waitress that pretty much serves the food AND takes over the cash register. Although she has more than one position, she still manages to interact with her customers and treats them as they should be. She's very very nice and still continues to be. Besides staff, the food is made fresh!
2	I am confused about the previous reviews - unless something has changed drastically in the recent past, the previous reviewers are sushi noobs or have very little discretion or taste.The place is clean, the service is prompt and kind, and that's where the positives end.The food (what there was of it) tasted great... but a 3/4' diameter salmon roll?  Please.Long story short - the prices are high for the tiny portions you get, and while the complimentary miso soup and half a chilled orange were nice touches, I'll be skipping this place in the future.Try Akai-hana on I-17 and Northern if you want the real deal for less $.
4	Hubs and I used to frequent this place when we lived closer, but now that we have moved, it's rare for us to visit....but every time we visit, we are never disappointed.  We actually have never ordered sushi there but have come for the korean food.  Their kalbi is always meaty and flavorful.  We also order the mandu gook soup which is a dumpling soup with noodles and a delicious light broth.  Their "free" side dishes are always delightful, too.  My favorite are the fish cakes and potato cakes.  The little man for some reason, always loves to eat the soy bean sprouts.  We also will usually order the dolsot bibimbap - the korean fried rice in a stone pot.  Oh so delicious. Now I want to go there and eat some Korean food.  The service there is always awesome.  I think it's a brother/sister that work the front and the parents are the cooks.  But both siblings are super nice and always remember us even if it's been a long time since we've been back. Maybe someday I'll try the sushi if I'm not always craving the Korean food so much!
1	This was by far the WORST sushi restaurant (if you can even call it that) I have ever been to. The sushi menu is on the wall with big pictures and no descriptions. To start, I ordered the crab angels and calamari. My girlfriend and I were expecting crab wontons, but what came out of the back room was nothing close. It was basically a puff pastry filled with imitation crab...and that was the best part of our whole meal! The calamari was so tough and bland we couldn't eat more than a bite of it. The miso soup that came out beforehand had hardly any tofu in it and tasted very watered down. I ordered the sashimi plate with salmon, tuna, and yellow tail, all of which were old, warm and chewy. My girl ordered the fire roll which was decent, but the only flavor came from the siracha on top of the roll. We left close to ten minutes after our food came and went to McDonalds down the street. As a server you should know that when the customers don't even touch their food something is wrong!! Should've listened to our gut when we heard of the name "JK" because this place really is a JOKE!
5	Wow what a diamond in the rough ! The wife and I were in the area and in the mood for some sushi on a Sunday (the day when a lot of good sushi joints are closed) so we did a google search found it was open and decided to give it a chance. Don't be fooled by the appearance upon walking in, it's obvious they tried to save costs in the decorations to up the quality of their food. Besides it seems to be a quaint family owned operation by people who know good sushi! Why waste money on funky lights right? Long story short, the sushi and service was outstanding and reminded us a lot of Tokyo lobby before their move across the parking lot. Small place, big satisfaction !!! Definitely worth it and we'll be back again. I'm also looking forward to experiencing their happy hour too.Oh and the people next to us were in there for third day in a row.
5	highly recommend!very fresh sushiattentive staff and you cant beat the prices!Perfect Sushi joint!
2	I have lived near this place for 6 years and my favorite place is closed on Mondays, so we decided to give this a go.  I was really after chirashizushi and really, you can tell a lot about a sushi place by it's sashimi presentation.  First of all it was overpriced at 19.99.  I convinced myself that if it was good, it would be worth it.  There were 2 of us and normally, I would eat the chirashi by myself, but it also normally comes as 2 pieces of several varieties of fish and at least shrimp, ika and I was hoping for ikura.  This is the first time I have ordered chirashi and gotten it so far removed from it's Japanese way, that it is no longer chirashi.  The server couldn't pronounce it, when I asked her what was cut for it, I got an empty vague answer.  She had no idea.  The bowl looked like bibimbap (which is a wonderful thing, I love that, too.  but that's not what I ordered).  So, it was a stainless, covered bowl of rice.  (sans seasoning) , 2 bowls of lukewarm miso soup.  1 spicy tuna roll.  and this large bowl of cut green lettuce dressed in sesame oil, and topped with paper thin slices of salmon, tuna andsnapper.  The lettuce was fresh, the sesame oil inappropriate and the whole thing was covered in sesame seeds.  And the 'chef' came to the table to instruct me to add the "chirashi sauce" to it.   I let him know that sauce might be for bibimbap.....and he lingered table side until I put some on my plate.   So, it was as disappointing as ordering a taco and getting a burger.  And my bill was $32.00, at lunch time with waters to drink! There is nothing wrong with dishing whatever floats your boat, but it's not cool to use menu names that are misleading.
5	My fiance n I love coming here to get away and have amazing Japanese/ Korean dishes. The sushi is super fresh and the hot dishes never disappoint! One thing I really like is being greeted by the sweetest owner you'll ever meet! He's always all smiles and prepares all your sushi carefully, really showing how much he loves the art that it is. He's also been making a lot of great new renovations that's worth checking out!!
5	I have been coming here for 7 years and LOVE it!!! It's family owned, they are fantastic.  They have watched my kids grow. You can't go wrong with any of the food, SUPERB!!!!
5	They are so friendly and fast. The woman serving us was so sweet and the chef would check up on us. They california rolls are so cheap and delicious. :3
5	Great Sushi at great prices! Owners are great too!d
5	Can't stop, won't stop eating at JK Sushi! Let's just say I detested sushi for the longest time ever until I tried this sushi. I've been going here for 4+ years and it's always a nice experience to see the owner of the restaurant, the chef make the sushi. They already know me by name which is advantageous because I get free dessert every now and then ;))) Speaking of desserts if you check it out make sure you try their green tea ice cream :) yummy, yummy, yummy in my tummy. Their menu keeps growing! The recently added alcoholic drinks to their menu, HELLO A+ to that! Them Spicy California rolls are only ~$4.00 and they are glorious! nothing fancy, nothing complicated just something delish enough to satisfy that tummy. Highly recommended! It's nice to go eat somewhere were you are always greeted with a happy attitude. Like previous reviews have mentioned don't be fooled by the appearance, is the food that takes the experience to a whole different level. As I am writing this review I can't stop thinking about their sushi, too bad they close in 30 mins or else I would go her a roll. Just THE BOMB.COM!!!!
5	Great North Phoenix hole-in-a-wall for sushi!  Love their caterpillar roll.  And, if you are daring try the Kentucky roll with tempura chicken.
3	Sushi fine Inside temp little warm makes me think fish might be alsoHappy hour menu minimalCustomer service brought out booze id after
4	Dined here for first time this afternoon.JK really does have all of the true components of a dive sushi place:*Pictures of various sushi (from the mid-80s) gracing the pressboard walls*One wall being unfinished raw lumber (maybe they're replacing the fake walls?)*Plastic flowers with copious amounts of dust in the women's (onesie) restroom *Sushi pencils attached to plastic spoon? Do ppl really steal these?*Vinyl seatsIt works for them. Cheap prices and great-tasting sushi. Avocados were a little overripe and lifeless. One of the rolls seemed kind of sloppy, but overall - great experience! Loved the fact that the sushi chef himself came over and asked us how we were. Also thought it was sweet that the owner and his family were doing their Sunday family meal w one big rice cooker at their table! Very nice!If you're looking for glitz and glam - it ain't gonna be here. This place is no frills and I'm a fan.
5	If you want real sushi you must try this place!  I come here whenever I need my sushi fix!  Service is great!
5	Landed here not by choice, but the first 2 places we went to weren't open on Sunday!!!  Well, we couldn't be happier!!  Like a previous review said...  Nothing fancy, no bells and whistles...  Just a place with chairs, tables and Sushi!  Prices are affordable, food is amazing, service couldn't be better!  The sushi chefs, who might even be the owner came out to our table at the end to make sure we enjoyed our food!  They have for sure gained 2 lifetime customers!  They have a great happy hour as well so we will be coming back for some of that!
5	This was the best hole-in-the-wall sushi place. The owners were very nice and greeted me instantly. Also, it was the best tasting sushi. I will definitely continue going back to get my fill!
4	They have really friendly service & great prices. I love the crispy rice jalapeno salmon. Delicious
4	This place is one of North Phoenix's hidden gems. It's unassuming, but delicious. It's also very clean!!! The wait staff is very attentive, and you're always greeted with a friendly "hello" from the owners. My husband and I always get the JK roll which is cooked with fish on top and a heavenly mayo based sauce. Their fried rice is just addictive... it's hard to put your spoon down. I recently had the saba gui, and it was fantastic. Definitely salted just right, with a perfect amount of oil. One of my favorite dishes is the dolsot bibimbap.It's hearty, and is just like what your Korean mom might make at home, but better.
5	Not going long-winded on this one. Do you love sushi? Do you hate paying for trendy places? Do you love sushi?!?!Go HERE if you're in the North Phoenix area! That is all.......I've been eating sushi for over 20yrs and this is NOW my local spot in our new home! Enjoy!
5	Round 2 but happy hour this time  if youre serious about no frills and no trend sushi go here now or regret your existence!!! Another bomb.com experience here! Please go here now!!!!*****NO FIREARMS ALLOWED*****
4	This place was surprisingly good! It is very much so a hope in the wall and I will admit that the name, JK (translating to me to just kidding) was kind of a put off but they totally changes my mind. My roommate and I came at a normal dinner time so we missed happy hour thus it was a tad expensive but the sushi was very fresh tasting so it is a fair deal. Neither my roommate's not my miso came with seaweed but that was included in the meal so that is a wash. One of our rolls (I believe the Osaka roll) came out looking great and it did taste good but it seemed like it was missing something that could've but it over the top. I think the other rolls we got were the sweet and sour and the fire roll and those were both perfect. Spark-notes version:  good place where you get your money's worth. Will come again! Probably go happy hour!
4	Very happy.  Made a to go order. Angle Wings are a hit. The Bing Bong Pork or something close to that name was great! Sorry, I'm old and that was probably not P.C.  but these good folks were very friendly and fast. Be back very soon.
5	Let me start by saying, I have been to most sushi places in Arizona, from Tuscon to Flagstaff. This place serves THE BEST sushi ever!!!The food was so good and I want to comment on the Nigiri Sushi. Most places don't prepare the fish right or the rice for that matter. Mind you, these are important. There is an art and craft to sushi making. This place does it right. The Maguro was perfect. It was smooth, crunchy, and perfect in size. Most places make the sushi to bland, the rice stale, and huge, which is not a plus in my opinion. This place made them perfect in size and taste. I will forever come to this place only for sushi. Bookmarked for sure too. :)
1	I went there today, spend $100 for a lunch (mostly for takeout) after I done with my meal, paid for my bill, leave a $5 tips for two people, cause we only eat a little in the restaurant and most for Togo! Plus my waitress is really rude, I think $5 is fair with my order! But the older waitress look at the tip that I left on table, try to forced me to leave at lease 10% of tip with my total bill!Well, with you bad service plus most of my order is for take out! Why I need to tip you as 10% of my total bill? Also, there has no law request a min. Of 10% tip!Really bad service plus so so food! I think there store manager need to training their waitress again before they service customer!
5	I have eaten here a couple of times and love it. I'm surprise they are not more busy. maybe there is something to being the best kept secret!! I give them top marks
4	These fluffy pancakes stuffed with pork, which no longer seems as he is degreased and in harmony with the whole; delicious spicy noodle ... we can not confirm that the reputation enjoyed by the restaurant. One of its strengths is the affordable price.
4	We went to three Sushi restaurants looking for a good meal.. We ended up here because they were the only one open on a Sunday in the area.. Elise our server was fast courteous & kind.. I'm a non seafood eater and she went out of her way to make sure that everything that I had was without seafood in a sushi restaurant. I believe this place is locally owned small business.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! This little family owned sushi restaurant is the best I've been to in Arizona. I go here EVERY year for my birthday and my familys birthday's. They are so sweet and friendly, and make the most amazing sushi and soups and etc., you will ever try. So fresh and full of flavor, you can never go wrong no matter what you order. There is NEVER a wait its great especially if your hungry...you'll be rolling out once your done with this place ! :)
4	Awesome atmosphere and great service. It's easy to tell how much pride the owners take in this place. Also, awesome prices.  Quality ingredients and everything tasted fresh. Plus, I enjoy supporting local restaurants as opposed to large chain restaurants. If you need a sushi fix and aren't in the mood to spend a bunch of money, I would highly recommend.
