2	Why must I succumb to standard sushi in the land of plenty?With all the buffets and other restaurants in Vegas, we settled for this place out of sheer desperation and famine.  We should've continued to starve until one of the better places opened.Oh well, lesson learned.Sushi has the potential to be okay.The bento box and appetizers were bland at best.They offer an all you can eat after 5 pm which is a good option since their specialty rolls are overpriced.Overall, this isn't the worst fake Japanese place I've eaten.
3	Awl. It's a good place. I go friday nights when the food is half off and the sake is half off. That includes the sushi. The sushi guys are so fun. Sit at the bar if you can. I'm not a sushi eater but my boyfriend is. So he had me try the one with eel, crab, tuna, salmon and some with yumyum sauce (which lives up to it's name) I normally order the edamami and the fried tofu in the miso soup which is sooooooo good. Also we order saki bottle after saki bottle. And it's cheap. We bring our friends and we all leave under 15. That is we are all drinkers. So if you don't drink! It's cheaper!A note though. Half off starts at 10. I reccommend you get there by then. I've shown up at 12 with no where to sit! The place is small! But quaint.:)
2	I am a cheapskate. I readily admit to this, and it's personality flaw that led me to Kobe Sushi.You see, I had a coupon that promised half-price sushi and the skinflint in me couldn't resist what I thought was a good deal. I should have listened to my inner skeptic instead.The sushi here was mediocre. I had saba (mackerel), unagi (eel), kanpai roll and red dragon roll. The nigiri sushi was fine, but there's not much involved in putting a piece of fish on top of a lump of rice. The rolls were another story.It seems this place is yet another "fusion" sushi joint. To me, "fusion" sushi equals cheap ingredients haphazardly thrown together, drowned in sauce and given a ridiculous name. And Kobe Sushi is no exception. I could only eat a couple of pieces of the kanpai roll. It had no flavor whatsoever, despite a generous slathering of mayo. The red dragon roll was a spicy tuna roll with tuna on top. The flavor was all spice and no tuna. I could tell the tuna had been previously frozen and had little if any flavor.The only redeeming quality was the price. For $15, I left with a belly full of cheap but substandard sushi. Note to self: Really good restaurants don't offer coupons. They don't have to.
4	I went to this Kobe Sushi location last night, and I was impressed.  The sushi tasted excellent and was a fresh as the previous location.  The crazy Jalapeno roll is one of my favorites, but they have a great menu.  The sushi rollers know what they are doing and they're willing to adapt to your order wants.The place is clean and the service is great.50% off all sushi and sake during the late night hours.Around $20 a person for five people and myself to stuff ourselves and drink our bodyweight in sake; nice!
2	Both my gf and I went there, ordered spicy tuna, dragon roll, cucumber roll, and I think the alshey roll. 3 hours later, both of our stomach hurts.  Had to use the bathroom more than u want to know.  Maybe it was just that day, but the interior of the place looks pretty cool and our waiter was great.  Would I go there again? Prob Not.
2	I visited tonight for the first time and ordered three rolls: a rainbow roll, volcano roll, and screaming orgasm.They brought out the rainbow roll first.  It tasted great, super fresh, so I was looking forward to the rest of my rolls.The volcano roll, on the other hand, was probably the worst version of the volcano roll I've ever had.  There were no scallops, which I'm used to having, the yum yum sauce tasted a little funny, and they unnecessarily added hot sauce.  I ended up scraping off the yum yum sauce and just having the baked salmon and the California roll.The screaming orgasm was decent.  Again, the sauce didn't taste like what I'm used to, but it was definitely a better ending after the terrible volcano roll.Service was okay, and the 50% off the entire menu was pretty good.  A little pricey without the 50% discount, though.  Unfortunately, I don't believe I'll ever come back to this place.  There are MUCH better alternatives all over town.
4	I absolutely LOVE this sushi bar. Not only is the staff friendly but the Happy Hour is AMAZING. Their Happy Hour is Friday and Saturday from 5pm to 1am. The special is 50% off everything on the menu including alcohol. You cant beat that. We usually get 2 or 3 rolls and a few drinks and never paid over $30, including tip. The best part of the menu being 50% off, is there are no exclusions and they dont skimp on the rolls. The only downfall lately is that the service slacks when they are busy. A few times we have went and had waited at least 30-45 minutes and still didnt get our complete order and ended up canceling a few of the rolls. Otherwise, definitely recommend Kobe Sushi next time your in the mood for sushi.
4	This place has great happy hour specials--the entire menu is half off--on Fridays and Saturdays from 5 pm to 1 am.  The menu is extensive and the food tastes great.  Their desserts are large and inexpensive.  The service is pretty good and relatively fast.  This is pretty much the only place I go for sushi now.
2	I've been here twice to meet a friend for dinner.  It has an all-you-can-eat option, which is nice.  I'm always a little skeptical of Asian restaurants who don't have Asians working, especially when the sushi chef is not Japanese.  I'm also skeptical when there are no other Asian customers except for me.  Bad sign.  Fish is not very fresh.  Service is friendly and prompt, but not attentive (had to ask for napkins and missing sushi items)...except drink refills-my cup was almost always full without asking.To satisfy a sushi craving when you're in the area, it's not a terrible place to stop...but next time I will suggest a different place to meet my friend for our sushi fix!
2	If you care more about the cost than the quality....come here.The three times I have dined here have all been consistently disappointing.  How can a sushi restaurant that doesn't stay busy afford to keep fresh fish on hand?   IT CAN'T!The quality of tthe sushi here is below average, and many of their rolls are drowned in sauce.  It is safe to consume raw seafood if it is of the highest quality, fresh, and stored correctly.  Just because sushi is discounted, doesn't mean you should eat it.  Generally speaking, when sushi is swimming in a sauce bath, the chef wants to hide something, usually the quality of the fish.  This is one saucy place. Would you go to a discount heart surgeon?  Don't gamble with your health, play it safe, and avoid avoid avoid.
1	I have eaten here about 5 times and the only thing that brings me back is the fact that I have gift certificates to use from Restaurant.com. I have one more GC left and I wont be using it again. The fish and rice is not fresh. Mushy mush mush!!! I ALWAYS have to ask for wasabi and napkins. EVERY time they give me a hard time about using the coupon. Its annoying and the food is just not worth it. There are so many better places to choose from. This one is also overpriced for such bad food. Don't bother...
4	Tried this restaurant for the first time in years - wooed in by a special 50 percent off the entire menu (drinks, too!) offer that applies on Friday & Saturday nights. Our goal was to eat pretty "clean" after a week of indulgent dining! Nothing fried. No yum yum sauce. Etc.We started with a sashimi salad and some nigiri and dug into some simple rolls w/the only adornment being some garlic sauce on the side.   For 50 percent off, we'd give it a four. The service was a five. My husband, who is more of an expert than I am, said the quality of the fish was a little better than average, but the "fills" were outstanding.  It's also close to home, which is a bonus. We'd go back.  I also noticed they have a great lunch menu.
3	Went here with a Restaurant.com Certificate last Thursday. This place is pretty average for sushi. There are definitely better in town. Miso is good, could give you more Edamame for $4. Had some Tuna and Salmon Nigiri, Spicy Scallop, which were average. Had the Dynamite which was delicious. Red Rock roll was eh. I would not really go here without the certificate, but they do have a half off on Friday and Saturday during dinner hours, which keeps the food fresh and at a great price. It is worth going then even with no certificate.
2	Okay, I understand that sushi bars in Vegas feel a real pressure to offer an all-you-can-eat special to their customers, it's important to remain competitive in this sushi saturated market - but one gets the impression that Kobe really despises this simple fact. Sure they're not the only sushi bar that charges more for single serve items (after all they have to make up the difference) - but those customers that do decide to order off the single serve menu expect some sort of value for their dollar.My fare included one roll, one pair of tuna nigiri and a seafood salad. With a glass of water my bill came to an astonishing $35 plus tax and tip. The roll was the least appetizing of all three, with an over-whelming amount of vinegar doused over the entire roll making the rice fall apart as I picked it up - plus everything tasted like vinegar and I could not taste the fish at all. The nigiri was okay, even though the portion of fish was tiny. The seafood salad was quite good, but when I inevitably compare it to similar offerings at other sushi bars around town, it seemed - well, small.I was not very hungry, which explains the decision to go piece meal (so to speak), but after the three offerings from Kobe I was left feeling unsatisfied. If I had only paid $10 less and had the all-you-can-eat I would have at least been filled up - but at what cost?
2	#1 sign that a sushi place is going to suck: no Asians. anywhere. customers or employees. Not being racist (I'm Filipino... but I can tell the difference between a Korean "sushi" place and a Japanese one...ya know?)Anywho.Food was overpriced and just OK.  The lady looked at me like I was crazy when I asked if they had a Chirashi bowl.  I ended up ordering a Sashimi Salad that was DROWNED in ponzu (love ponzu... don't need to be swimming in it).We also ordered a Chicken Teriyaki Plate, Spicy Tuna Hand Roll, Saba Nigiri, Japanese Lasagna, Spicy Scallop Roll and Fried Banana dessert. $90 for 2 1/2 people (count our 3-year old as a half person since all she eats is rice and dessert) Wasn't terrible, but probably won't be coming back here again.
2	Let's just say it and be clear: Friday 50% happy hour. The service was stellar! The place was hopping so my friend and I sat at the bar rather than wait for a table. We were immediately offered beverages and given our wooden trays for our impending sushi order. We ordered some soup and cucumber salad and took a look at the menu. Soon after we placed our order her first roll came out. Fast service with a smile! That service, the happy hour, and the Rock n' Roll (see below)? Best part of the evening.All in all I believe she ordered the Michael Lui, Dynamite, Rock n' Roll (cucumber wrap, no rice), and spicy tuna.The spicy tuna was average. Not amazing, but not bad. Even knowing that they have to make it ahead of time, my view from the bar showed a massive container of the stuff and, while it tasted OK, there's something about watching it scooped from a half-gallon size container and spread on your rice. It just isn't appetizing. The flavor *was* fine, the texture *was* fine. Overall it was just that. Fine.The Dynamite was not dynamite. It was mushy. It didn't have enough of the sauce/topping and it had too much of the residual juices from the cooking of the onions and mushrooms. The scallops were OK-ish, if not a little overcooked. I have had much, much better at much worse places. Not at all a fan.The miso soup was average and a little on the cool side. The cucumber salad was... well, it was OK. I prefer the cucumber to be more thinly sliced, and I had a few pieces that were not peeled enough. However, the vinegar "dressing" was good and it popped the fresh cucumber nicely.The Michael Lui was  a really tasty combination, although there was too much of the sauce and too much of the crunch garnish. Complementary in flavor, but it made it a bit wet and mushy towards the end. I would order this again without all the extra crunch and less sauce.I *really* enjoyed the Rock n' Roll (and, as I don't eat a lot of rice, enjoyed that there was an option without it). The cucumber was fresh and crispy, the fish was tender and flavorful, and the presentation was nice. The sauce was placed on the side; we could decide how much, if any, we wanted. I appreciated that quite a bit.We began chatting with a young lady sitting next to us who shared with us her Spider Roll. She said she liked it but couldn't finish it. I found it very dry and had to try it with some of the sauces we had. Not enough spider, way too much roll.Let's repeat: Happy Hour. During the 50% special, our entire bill was less than $40. This and the service *would* have earned a third star but, meh, the rest just can't stand up enough for me to put it on there.
2	Meh. If you want cheap-ish sushi that isn't all that great... then this is probably the perfect place to go ! This place offers happy hour on Friday & Saturday nights, which means 50% off their whole menu. It's really the only time you get value for your money. Their regular prices are ridiculously over priced, especially for the quality and taste of their food. DO:- Get the stuffed jalepenos. - Take advantage of half off beer. DON'T:- Eat there other than happy hour. - Heck, don't eat there if you're even considering a different sushi place.- Expect good service.
5	I LOVE THIS SUSHI BAR. Aside from it being extremely convenient for me and my friends, I have always had a positive dining experience here.We usually come fo their Friday night Happy Hour, which is from 5pm til closing (kitchen closes at 1:30 am I believe). Everything is 50% off! How can you go wrong??Personal favorites: J roll and Ryan Patrick roll.I also need to add that the tempura ice cream dessert is HEAVENLY. This place is seriously dangerous for me. When I crave sushi, I crave this place. And let me tell you, my sushi cravings happen often!
4	Really pretty good. The salmon was fresh, and the staff friendly. I'll be back!
1	We went to this place, where it is advertise 50% off of sushi on Friday + Saturday. Well you actually are not saving 50%b/c they are way over price on the regular menu compare to other restaurants. We have been eating sushi for over 15yrs. We know a thing or two about quality sushi. We decided to try the all you can eat. Like most places the time limit is 1Hr. They do not really enforce that I think at most places unless they are extremely busy. IF YOU WANT TO FILL UP FASTER THEN EAT HERE FISH ARE THINNNLY SLICE AND RICE ABOUT 2 INCHES THICK ( well DON'T EAT HERE but somewhere more reasonably price), . The all you can eat menu is very limited selection of rolls you can choose from. None the less, from the time we order our first couple of order. It took them 20 mins before we got our 1st plate of sushi. And it didn't even have all that we order so about 5/10 mins later we order some more before we finish so we would not be waiting another 20mins. It again took about 15mins to get 2 rolls we order. Now almost an hour has gone by. We are still waiting on some of the item from the 1st order. These are the "limited quantity items" Like Uni, sweet shrimp, giant clam. You can only order 1 order per person due to the cost of these items. We then told the waitress that we are still waiting for those item and her response was " you still want those items" YEAH, seems like they try to fill you up on everything else, then you might not eat those expensive items. We said "that's the first thing we order, we want it." another 10/15mins. We left pretty UN happy. The only decent thing was they had "mochi" as most other all you can eat only have ice creams.
4	Wow, I was a little surprised at all the negative reveiws of this place. I have been eating here for over 5 years (regularly) and feel like I've really seen it grow from a baby..lol.. And I have only had one bad experience the entire time I have been going. I have gotten to know the owner and chefs and they are great! I love that they have just what I want... I have gone to other places and it was so difficult to get something I like : (  I was just here last night and it was probably the best meal I have had there yet! Service was amazing! (they have lacked in that department sometimes but I think they are getting together). It is definitely not a cheap meal by any means but I have seen people go to Sushi Fever and spend over $150 for three people! It is way less expensive here and I think the food is way better anyway. I think the fact that I have been to this place like a hundred times shows that it is pretty good lol : )
3	Okay, really this place is overpriced for what it is, so 50% off is not really 50% off on all items. Some of the premium rolls can run up to $16 but most are $14 and below. But with the 50% off on Fridays and Saturdays, it becomes the best a la carte Sushi deal in town.Seaweed Salad for example was $2.75 after the discount. I felt this dish was a bargain at that price, but would have never paid so much without the discount. Similar with the spicy tuna and specialty salmon roll I ordered (I forgot the name of which). The Spicy Tuna roll was $3.50 and the Salmon Roll around $6.50 after the discount. Both tasted great and the texture of the salmon was most excellent. Only complaint about the sushi itself would be that they seemed to use a little bit too much rice in it.I have a hard time giving this place higher than three stars though because other than the half-off special, there seems to me little reason to go here. But 5 stars Friday and Saturday nights! Overpriced and go somewhere else any other time, their a la carte is expensive and the all you can eat is a little high as well.
5	Fantastic sushi, relaxed atmosphere, and super friendly service. This place rocks!
2	Sushi wasn't good or fresh.  It was not busy at all and service wasn't fast or efficient. They were suppose to open at 11am.  We arrived at 110am and the guys was just getting there to open up. He asked us to come back in about 45mins cause he was not ready.
4	I've always liked this place. The service is great and I've always been taken care of very well. The only reason for 4 stars is that it's a small place and tends to get packed and have long waiting lines.
5	I have been to a dozen different sushi restaurants and this is thr best one. The best sushi I have had in town.
1	Ohhhhhh boy... I really should know by now but yet I still give places another chance months later just to see if they've improved or anything.  I have been to this place before but it was a long time ago, so I figured I'd try it again.  As soon as I sit down, for my all you can eat sushi experience I see the paper to order from, and for those of you that have read my prior reviews I HATE ordering from the paper forms (Lahaina, Kobe Sushi and yoko hama sushi.  So let's get on with the review..I place my first order and part of it includes 2 hand rolls. As soon as I give the sushi chef my order, the server took it off the counter to "review it" (why I don't know) and highlights my order as a hand roll.  I get part of my order and then I get a roll handed to me and it's not my 2nd hand roll that I ordered. He made it into a cut roll.  The server forgot to highlight the 2nd item to indicate that.  Lahaina grill made this mistake SEVERAL times on my order.  This mistake wouldn't have happened if I ordered directly with the sushi chef.  I really wasn't happy at all.  The quality was ok at best, food was rather slow and of course I get to the part where I like to order uni and as expected (because I just knew he was gonna tell me this) they're OUT OF UNI .  I asked about ama ebi (sweet shrimp) they're out of that too. I actually gave him a fairly dirty look at that point.  He said they get their order in on Thursday.. Hmmm well today was Sunday.  So you didn't even order enough to get you through til your next order??? Yea well I know that's not really the case. They just don't want to serve it. This place was avg in quality, POOR in service and my record stands that any sushi bar that you have to order from on paper typically ends up with a poor experience.  I don't plan on goin back anytime soon.  There are FAR better sushi bars in vegas. Please drive past this one...
4	GO HERE ON FRIDAY/SATURDAY NIGHT.  It's the only time it's worth it, and boy, is it worth it.Happy hour is insane. What always amazes me is how few people, respectively, pile into this place for the great deals. Cuz it's not just the sushi that's half of: THE BOOZE IS TOO!!!And then the sushi. Here's where it gets a little tricky. The hand-cut rolls are great. Not everything on the menu is half-off, and deciding what you want can take a while. My advice: order everything at once. They're going to bring it out to you intermittently, so you'll have time to enjoy each item. That's the way to do it anyway. The service here isn't stellar, but who cares once the J-roll comes around.J-ROLL!!!!! It's baked, it's covered in eel sauce, and yet they still call it sushi. Thank god they do, or else I wouldn't love sushi as much as I do. Once you put a piece of J-roll in your mouth, your taste buds start to dance. I can, and have, eaten three of these in one sitting. I wasn't able to move for a while after it, but it was totally worth it. They have another version, called the B-roll, but it's like the younger, less attractive sister that everyone orders at least once out of pity.In short: FRI or SAT. Order J-ROLL. BOOZE=CHEAP.Awesome.
1	This place is horrible! The sushi does not taste good. In addition it's all you can eat but when we asked for more rolls they told us no because we had an order coming up but they take forever. They have a stupid one hour limit but they purposely take long to try to get you up to your hour. The only thing good about this place is the price it's 23 bucks for all you can eat dinner but the service and food sucks! Don't come here!!!!!!
1	What a complete rip off!I ordered two dinner bento boxes at $20 each.  Each one did not come with a miso soup, had old lettuce for a salad, fake crab in the california rolls and dried salmon.  One of the worst values I have had in Vegas.
4	This place is great!!  The sashimi on the nigiri is way bigger then most places. All the rolls we had were fantastic. I liked the Japanese lasagna and the dragon roll. Friendly fast courteous service. Clean and not too noisy. I'll go there again!  In a heartbeat
5	I have been going to this place for sushi for years and I mean 4 yrs. I usually go on Fridays and Saturdays due to the 50% off deal. The rolls are always delicious and the service is great. I love sushi so I have tried a bunch of different places but for the price this is the best place to eat at on Fridays or Saturdays after 5pm. Don't get me wrong the food is great regardless of the price, but that deal makes it incomparable.
5	I personally don't know why the reviews for this sushi bar are so low! I've made this my regular haunt, and I don't regret it one bit. I've had my share of horrible sushi experiences. This is definitely not one of them.This is where my job orders for their lunch breaks when they feel like sushi. They always make it quick, and it's always packaged well. I come here after work every once in awhile when I'm feeling the craving, and get All-You-Can-Eat. It's great! I love the Japanese Lasagna. This is my favorite place for it. Also I am addicted to Kani. I can't get enough of it! Their kani is the bomb, because you it doesn't have that obviously fake taste that other places have. (I've even been to some places that don't have kani; why not!?)Anyway, all in all, this is the place I go to when I'm craving. The sushi chef is really nice to me whenever I come and he even remembers that I love kani, so he always asks "More kani?" when I'm done with a roll. Instant A+ from me because of that! I've been craving it lately. I should definitely go back soon! :)
3	Konnichiwa, amigos!I go to Kobe Sushi Bar for "All you can eat sushi dinner special" when I visit Las Vegas.  I just say it's just an "Okay" Japanese restaurant. This is a good place for HUNGRY students :) Their servers are friendly tho! :)My parents visited me from Japan for my graduation in the last May, and I took them to Las Vegas for their new experience. I wanted to show them a Japanese food, especially sushi, so we went to Kobe Sushi Bar. Guess what? Yeah, my parents complained their sushi... LOL Oh well, well... I told them that "we are not in Japan and we are in the United States now... please do not complain about sushi in Las Vegas..." LOL Actually, they enjoyed having kinda different types of sushi and Japanese food! :)Kobe Sushi Bar is more for local Vegas people. You can find this place easily with GPS, but it's kinda far from The Las Vegas Strip. So, Kobe Sushi Bar is not good for tourists... Sorry! But if you have a car or take a taxi, go ahead and Enjoy! :)I am very picky about Japanese food. I always prefer to go to Japanese restaurants which are owned by Japanese make real Japanese tastes, NOT TOO Americanized Japanese food. This restaurant's owner is not Japanese,  so I have never seen any Japanese people in this restaurant during the dinner time... OUCH! :(DINNERFood     : 3 StarsService : 3.5 StarsPrice     : 3 StarsMORE INFO:Kobe Sushi Bar's Menuhttp://www.idine.com/details.htm?merchantId=103223&menu=true
5	BEST DEAL IN TOWN ON FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS - 5PM TO 1AM!!!!  Half-off just about the entire menu, it's the only time I've ever been, but it is enough to keep me coming back.  So very worth it . . . . even if you have to wait . . . I think I've subconsciously held off on this review because I didn't want people to discover it's goodness and grow the lines!! It's not a very big place, in fact, it's one of the smaller ones I frequent.  There is sushi bar seating as well.  Service is not stellar, but it isn't bad either.  They are pretty quick and they do get it right, but they're not over-friendly.  But that's ok cuz I'm there for the sushi! :) The sushi is delicious -- the fish is amazingly fresh and the selection of food -- rolls, sashimi, nigiri, non-sushi items, desserts is tops!!  There are no restrictions (or very, very few if at all) -- no one oyster or umi order, at least not yet.  Biggest bummer is NO NATTO.  Beer is also half off -- yes, the large bottle of Kirin Light for $4. No kidding.  Mochi ice cream is half off too and my girls order 3 a piece!My all time favorite roll is the Kobe 2 . . . it is fresh and melts in your mouth!  Oceans 12 is also amaaaaaazing!!  There's many to choose from and most are premium rolls with a ton of freshness, not imitation crab and crab mix filling.  Give it a try -- it's a top 3 on my list for sushi (especially on Friday and Saturday Happy Hour Nights)!!
3	Decent sushi, nothing that I would NEED to go back for.  I'm not an all-you-can-eat sushi type of girl, actually I'm not an al-you-can-eat anything type of girl...and I'm not opposed to spending good money on a sushi experience.  I was there during their "happy hour" and most everything on the menu was 50% off.  I wasn't paying attention to prices, but I ordered screaming orgasm, and it turned out to be 5 pieces of too-thick tuna for $17.  Totally overpriced for what it was.
1	I wouldn't go back here if they paid me! Filthy dirty and slow, rude service.The first time I went, it was for the lunch AYCE and our sushi chef (Carlos) couldn't make a sushi roll--the rolls were loose and every single roll fell apart. We decided to give it another shot for dinner tonight. I can honestly say that I have Never had such a bad experience as I did tonight at any other sushi restaurant. It took us 15 minutes to get an order form, but yet the couple that came in 10 minutes after us were given their order form when they were seated. Then it was another 30 minutes to get two of our rolls. Our third roll came pretty quickly.After more than an hour at the restaurant and while still waiting for our 4th roll, I looked up at the tv behind the sushi bar to see more dust on the tv and dvd than I'd ever seen in a restaurant. HUGE dust bunnies. HUGE. Of course, then I started noticing on how filthy the prep area was. We asked for our check and got out of there. $53 for 3 sushi rolls, seaweed salad and miso soup. I would gladly pay that price if the waitress had been nicer, if the sushi chef had acknowledged our presence, if the place were clean, and the sushi chef and waitress wouldn't have been giving each other attitude in front of us. It may be an AYCE sushi bar, but it took an hour to get 3 rolls--they hadn't even started our fourth roll when we decided to leave.I can honestly say I will never go back, nor would I allow my dog to eat here.blah!
4	Ok, this place . . . . it's my favorite, really truly is.  I've had no problems getting delicious, fresh food and there is nothing better than their happy hour!  The last 2 or 3 times we've been there, the service downright sucked.  They were slow, unorganized and it seems like they do a team sort of drill so there are actually multiple people who will wait your table.  But yet . . . we still waited to reorder . . . and waited . . . and waited.  Then our second order came before my first order -- my beloved Kobe 2 -- after the waitress stopped by and said it should be coming shortly.  I waited forever for my Kobe 2 that was in toooo much sauce frankly, but still extremely delicious. If service were efficient and maybe friendly, I could bump this back up to a 5-star experience without much thought!
1	Went here with my cousin for happy hour and he told me that he didn't like this place because they charged him $4 for tip automatically when he previously went here. I had gone here before but my other cousin paid for the bill so i didn't know if they really did charge that or not. We decided to give it a try. Food was ok, nothing special. service was good though. When we paid for the bill, we had it split $25 each. I saw on the receipt that my card was charged $25. I left a tip of $6 in cash(I put $0 on the receipt)for the whole bill. When I got home my cousin told me to check my account because they had charged him $30 and not the $25 we had on our receipts. I checked my account and it was the same for me, I got charged $30. So all in all, we ended up leaving a tip of $16 for a $50 meal. I called and asked, they said they'd take care of it,  BUT nothing happened. I don't ever plan on coming here again. Nor will i recommend it to anyone either. If I could put a negative star I would.
2	We were in the mood for salads and a couple rolls but instead of going to our usual place, Naked Fish, we decided to try a new place. We were hoping Kobe Sushi would be good since it's close to the house but we were pretty disappointed!For what it is the prices are a little high if you're planning on ordering a la carte so I suggest you go elsewhere.. We both decided to get the AYCE ($23.99) since it would basically add up to that much anyways..I noticed the AYCE menu is pretty limited compared to other places so that was the first red flag... Next they don't offer uni or fresh scallops for AYCE.. They were also out of oysters and halibut.. They do however offer sashimi (2 pieces per person) but they are cut very small. Our first plate of nigiri tasted ok but everything after that did NOT taste fresh.. Ugh nothing worse than raw fish that tastes like raw fish LOL They put a lot of rice on the nigiri too and I noticed my rice kept falling apart which made it hard to eat.. I liked that they had soft shell crab on the menu (it's small though) and I enjoyed their sweet shrimp nigiri but the shrimp heads were under-fried.. The waitress and busser were nice but the food took FOREVER to come out ...even though we were 1 of 3 parties in the restaurant.. The sushi quality just wasn't good. I didn't even ask if they had a stamp card so it's safe to say I probably won't be back here ;[[[ HOT TIP: They have Happy Hour (50% off the menu) on Fridays & Saturdays after 5:00~
4	Love this place!  Space is small but food is outstanding!  I'm a big fan of the sashimi salad, miso soup, and salmon sushi.  Not sure why this spot has any poor reviews I've been back 4 times and the service has always been stellar.  Ask for Dax, his rolls and sushi cuts are pro status . . .this guy trained with serious Japanese sushi masters and worked in some of the best sushi joints on the strip.  He chats up his customers, gets to know them and tailors the rolls to you.  Sit at the bar.  Give Kobe sushi a shot, you won't regret it.
2	Been eating here every Friday for the past few years & now ill never go back again.Picked up my to go order (which took 45 minutes for 2 Rolls & 1 order of albacore)The waitress said they were "cooking" my food still and u thought she was joking until u got home & the albacore was cooked! IT'S SUSHI!!!!!! Raw sushi COOKED! Ugh im never going back again
1	This is gonna be my last time here, everything I ordered is so nasty..
4	I came here once with a restaurants.com gift card...and I can't believe how all-over-the-place these reviews are. Our food was great, the service was polite, the chef was attentive...I didn't get a refill as often as I'd like (sat with an empty cup until i was about to leave), and there was a really loudmouth ass at the sushi bar with his lady friend.It was nice and empty about 4pm on a weds. I'd return, especially with a coupon!
1	Horrible restaurant we just wanted a few rolls, they had no uni, no giant clam, and others I forget. They charge $2.00 for tea. The sushi is mediocre at best. With all the good sushi places here why would anybody come here. (we were the only people here @ 6:30pm on 7/31/2013
1	After ordering a few rolls, and trying to make the best of a bad situation, I finally had enough. The tuna was dark colored smelled/tasted very fishy, the avocado was browning, the sushi rice was too wet, the salmon was mushy, and the cream cheese was curdling. The tuna alone is enough to quite literally make someone sick. This establishment should not be selling food that is obviously expired. This is the fault of the sushi chef for not taking mind to the food. I will not be returning here. Even after letting the chef and our waitress know they still charged us. I can feel my stomach rumbling from the disgusting tuna.
2	Skip the sushi and stick to cooked food and rolls.We had just come from watching a movie and were starving. We were looking for some quick and cheap grub and I remembered this Kobe location that was near us. I have been to the one on Rainbow on numerous times, but this was my visit here. I knew they have a Happy Hour that pretty much lasts all day, so it made our decision easy. The restaurant was pretty empty, but filled up while we were there. I took quite a while perusing the menu. The entire menu is half price during Happy Hour I decided on bento box since it seemed like the best value. My fella ordered some rolls and appetizer as did our friend. My other friend decided on a bento box as well. Our food came quickly. The portions were large and I was happy with most of the cooked things in my bento box. The katsu was pretty good and not overcooked, the salad was pretty fresh as well. My fella didn't enjoy his rolls so I ended up trading a majority of my bento box for his roll since I liked it better than he did. The spicy tuna was spicy but not as fresh and fell apart quite easily. The sashimi was not fresh at all. The flavor was really fishy and I ended up not eating this portion of my meal. My friends and fella were pretty meh about the dining experience as well. The prices were right, but I don't think I'll be back to this Kobe location.
2	Nothing really did it for me here. The prices weren't bad, but I ended up not liking a majority of the food I ordered. Rolls weren't great, neither was the tempura fish. Too fishy. I ended up having to order another side of teriyaki chicken just to fill up since I was still hungry after not eating the rest of my food.
1	This USED to be my favorite sushi restaurant. Avocado was brown, crunch rolls were soggy, my sushi was made wrong. When I asked them to re-make it, I got huge attitude from the server.
3	I love the sushi here when it is fresh, a couple of times it wasn't.  Staff is god, but when the early dinner crowd gets there it takes forever to get your order.  The one thing that really bugs me is that when  restaurant takes time to decorate their place and make it feel welcoming, it needs to extend to the bathroom.  the bathroom is clean but the picture on the wall still has a half torn price tag from Ross on it.  Really bugs me!!  Take pride in every room!!
1	Sorry...this place is no good.  Fish was not fresh...server gave me trouble when I tried to make a minor change to a roll...I have felt pretty sick the last 24 hours as well.   Stay away and go a few extra blocks and spend a few extra bucks at Naked Fish
1	Is there any way to put 0 stars ?!?It was great to have an all you can eat sushi spot right down the street from home until we were having lunch and got an uninvited visitor to our table (cockroach). Needless to say we got up and left. Still was charged and the "manager" that was going to call me back never did. So yeah.... Never again.
4	I went on Saturday 12/07/13 at about 6:30 PM and it was 1/2 off everything.  I only had miso soup & the Mexican roll (spicy crab, topped w/shrimp & avocado) and they were both good.  I had some of my friends scallop roll, don't re-call which one but it was good too.  Extensive roll menu, so many to pick from, most very similar.  Place was clean & waitress was polite.  I'll go back.
3	We tipped them frugally. We ordered two things in the beginning that still haven't come yet & people have ordered water and it still hasn't arrived. They only gave us two menus when there were five of us in the beginning and there were a full stack of them at the front. I asked for a menu and had to wait 20 minutes for it and had to ask three different people for it and another one twice. They get 3 for their happy hour though.
4	Another stop on my mission to find the elusive SPICY CRAB Roll. Now, don't laugh. I am certainly not a sushi afficienado by any means, but I do know what I like, and it's SPICY CRAB. Not the soft shell variety, and not even the real king crab version either. Just plain ole kani kama crab mixed with Japanese mayo & Siracha hot sauce to make the same sort of mix used in California rolls (without the Siracha, of course). The SPICY CRAB roll I seek, contains this mixture, cucumber, nori and rice. Pretty simple..... But I have found that in the majority of sushi restaurants that I have visited in my many travels, there is no such thing as this sort of spicy crab roll. On the rare occassion that I find SPICY CRAB roll on the menu, it turns out to be a california roll with a splash of Siracha (then just call it a Spicy California Roll at that point). With that said.... I decided to try this location of Kobe, in search of the elusive SPICY CRAB roll. They had one on the menu. They were even willing to substitute 'spicy crab' for 'spicy tuna' on some select rolls I chose from their Happy Hour menu - which is 50% off the entire menu from 5pm to 1am on the weekends (we went on a Saturday evening). So I ordered with intent to share:Red Rock Roll w/ Spicy Crab not just regular crab mixCrazy Jalapenos w/ Spicy Crab not Spicy Tuna2 Spicy Crab RollsEdamameMiso SoupAll in all, the rolls I got were good rolls. Maybe it's something psychological that as soon as I recognize the 'line of Siracha' I seriously get bent out of shape because it seems like false advertising to me. This thought of being deceived. once again, just put a damper on wanting to order anything additional (I have a limited palate when it comes to sushi).Overall:- Price - 5 Stars. The Happy Hour pricing of 50% off the entire menu from 5pm to 1am is a huge plus for us. We aren't huge AYCE eaters so this option made more sense for us in our dining.- Service = 3.5 stars, they were super busy but we had to remind the server a couple of times, that others at my table were missing their orders.- Ambiance - 3.5 stars. It's a bit of a small place but it accomodating. A little loud as there was music and 4 (i think) televisions. the televisions mostly stay turned down and tuned to different programs.We might make it back for the happy hour on the weekend, if I can ever get over the idea that they took the lazy way out and made a spicy piece of nori and added the crab on top.
1	A friend recommended this place to me I ordered yakisoba steak, and fried rice. It was ok tasting, very oily, but the yakisoba cost 10.95 and it was a child size portion, pitiful, and they charged extra to put mini pieces of broccoli, and I mean mini. The yakisoba does not come with rice, they charge you for a side order, anyway I dooooooo not recommend this place also I think I had about 7 small pieces of steak in my yakisoba. Don't spend your money. Never again.
1	Worst customer service ever. We got all you can eat sushi and they literally served us one roll at a time and asked us if we wanted the next one when we finished the roll and took forever to make the food causing us to get full quickly and wasting our money.
1	This place had just okay sushi. The prices are good. HOWEVER, the service is the absolutely worse! The waitress/hostess was unaware of people waiting to even turn in their order. When I received the wrong roll I approached the cook and his response was not that he was sorry but that I should have told him exactly what I wanted. I thought that was what the menu was for? Worse ever. Don't waste your time here. Three tables were used and all three while I was there complained about the service.
1	WOW!!! new low in a sushi experienceBoring rolls, we had to wait for 15 min for someone to "explain" how to order.....with only 1 customer in the place. Sushi pricing wasn't bad but $14 a glass for plum wine? When a bottle was little more than 2 glasses?Not first time ordering plum wine, but last time I'll be going to Kobe
1	Never ever gonna dine here again. I went here to have dinner with a group of friends and as a server i think they need to be nice... the server had no manners. While i was eating her arm was hitting my face while she puts the food on the table. Every time i'd order something the server didn't look happy and i felt like i was giving her a hard time when all i wanted was another roll of sushi. She didn't want to split the checks (maybe cause she was lazy) ! the friends that i had dinner with works in the F&B industry that they never had issues splitting the checks. it just doesn't make sense. I wish i got the Filipino lady's name who has been rude to us the entire time. never again. Food was pricey and I've tried better sushi!
1	My daughter claims it was an off night but service was bad.  Didn't get what we ordered. The mochi tasted freezer burnt.  We won't be back.
1	The service here was horrible. Ordered soup to start and never got that. Server also forgot orders and when we tried to order the rolls she forgot, they did not come. Had to ask a third time and finally got them. She never checked back and it seemed like she did not want us to order more even though we paid for ayce. The presentation of the food was also bad. Never returning here again.
5	There was a bit of a wait, but it was fine because they only had one sushi chef! The price was 24 for all you can eat dinner, the rolls were excellent, service was fantastic. We had to leave in a rush and asked the waitress to cancel our last roll. However, the waitress misunderstood and asked the chef to speed up the roll, which he did but we really didn't have time to eat it. The manager let us take it even though it's technically against the rules. We didn't have to out up a fight or anything he just understood the misunderstanding. I'll be here again.
4	Good service excellent price small cozy place perfect for a first date or chat with all friends!! Do go on Friday or Saturday happy hour is from 5 to midnight and is 50% off EVERYTHINHG!!!
4	Had the philly roll, Washington roll, and the show me the money roll. Kate was the best server ever. She got me my food real quick and was on top of things. I would have given 5 stars but they were out of uni and toro by the time I got there (10pm). Solid 4 stars though.
5	This place gets a bad rap, and I don't know why. It's a small place, but the quality is really good, so are the prices! Delicious and affordable. The nigiri is super fresh, I can't get enough. We moved to henderson and still make the drive when we can!
3	The prices here can be ridiculous... So it's always good to go during happy hour. Majority of the menu is half off. I always order the bento box which is only $10, without the happy hour it's $20. Not sooo bad... I guess. The whole place to me is eh. I come here once every two months or so.
1	Decent sushiHorrid service they forgot half the rolls took them 40 mins to make 4 rolls and was not busy taking excessively long times to bring out nonsushi itemsHad to ask for refills on drinks. Will not come back
1	Pretty upset with this place, Been here twice and got the same result both times. Terrible service sushi & is not that great. I got AYCE, I didnt get half the stuff I ordered and since I was on my lunch break couldn't just sit around and wait all day for it. Had to ask for our drinks to be re-filled & ask her if she remember to put our order in after 45 minutes of nothing. The place wasn't even busy. I left un-happy, hungry, and $22 in the hole.
2	The servers were really nice but the food takes awhile. I waited an hour for my poki salad which I ended up canceling after they followed up on it the third time.
4	after reading the reviews I threw caution to the wind.. verdict..... very friendly sushi chef... fresh fish decent price.. did the all you can eat for $24...
1	Bad service, waited 30 min before we were asked what we wanted to drink, then 30 more to bring it to us. Fish is less than decent.
5	Great sushi.....cute atmosphere! Fresh food! A must try!  First time trying this restaurant and im always alittle skeptical when it comes to freshness, but this place was not short on service and the server was very pleasant and the food is so good!
1	WARNING!!! DONT DINE HERE!! Went here a couple of weeks ago and felt compelled to finally write a review to warn other yelpers. This place is TERRIBLE. AVOID AT ALL COSTS and DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Dined in with a friend one evening, only to receive the worst service and average (most likely BELOW average) sushi in all of Las Vegas. Took me six times to summon the waitress so I could get more tea, ginger, and low sodium soy sauce . Also ordered a small house salad that came 35 minutes after two of my average rolls and a cold miso soup. The waitress had an attitude when I asked her why it was taking so long to prepare my small salad as I was staring at my sushi rolls. When I finally had it, I requested to speak to the manager, who also has a terrible attitude like his employees and his entire establishment. He listened to my complaints; however, was more concerned about me paying the bill. Paid the bill, left no gratuity for "service", and had an aching belly until the best day. If you like deplorable sushi & terrible service, this is the place for you!!
3	Went here for happy hour. Sushi was good except everything baked was on tinfoil and was stuck to tinfoil so by the time you got it off it was a mess. Service was really good and they were very informative. We will be back but no backed rolls for us.
1	Horrible service. Server is rude. Took so long for the food I ordered that I asked her to cancel my order. Im never eating here again.
4	I really like this place. I love there happy hour and the all you can eat deals.My favorites are J Roll, Red Rock, and Dragon roll. Their service is a little slow.... But if you sit at the bar instead of the table you are for sure to get your food faster as well better accuracy in your order.
1	Worst sushi place I have EVER been to. I paid $25.00 for all you can eat I only ate 1 and a half sushi rolls. I AM A BIG FAN OF SUSHI and that place seriously my first and LAST time I will ever go there. I ordered a baked salmon roll & I have had other baked salmon rolls but this one was seriously nasty. The rice was hard that it felt like I was gonna break a tooth. And then I got a spicy tuna roll and it was really disgusting that I was gagging Every time I took a bite, I had some of my family members try the roll to see of it was just me with the taste. Nope that wasn't it. They all said it had a nasty taste. And then supposedly we ordered 80 pieces of baked muscles when we ordered only wanted 10. HOW DO YOU GET 80 from 10. Seriously horrible very very very very very horrible
4	My favorite sushi rest. It's a quaint place and I've never had an issue with customer service. The Lisa Lisa is my favorite there. The weekend half off everything special is a great deal. My only critique is not allowing customers to order half rolls for the AYCE.
5	The fish was great and in generous portions. Love the happy hour (went on Saturday night). Sometimes takes a little while for the waitress to get to you, but they are great at filling drinks as soon as you finish them and bringing me extra extra ginger! ;) Definitely recommend. Also, the music was literally the most enjoyable from any restaurant I've ever dined in. Excellent!
5	Tuesday and Friday lunch and v dinner chefs rocks. . Great food,  great service,  awesome place.  Highly recommended.
2	Seems like this place is deteriorating by the day..Been going here for almost 8 yrs. and it does not flare like it did back then. It was always great for 50% on Friday and Saturday. But just recently changing it to 30% off on the same days does not attract to me seems like a bad business advertisement. Plus the workers seems like they do not care anymore neither does the boss it seems. .If you want cheap go here, but I wouldn't recommend it to my friends or colleagues.
1	Started coming to the restaurant for a few months. Service is very slow for the lack of customers in there. However the food was decent and we continued to go. However,the waitress messed up our order and than argued with us that we were wrong. Not the best business strategy but not surprised due to lack of customers. I recommend that the owner of this established either hire new staff or take a business 101 course on how to run a business and treat customers. Will no longer be coming back to this place. Surprised it has not closed down yet.
