5	Since the move to Vegas we have been on a quest to find the Sushi spot. We've hit up a few Sushi bars but we think Naked Fish's is the spot. The area is cool especially @ night because of the view of the strip. Service is extremely fast and helpful the thing that's different is the servers actually seem to enjoy their job. As a matter of fact it seems as though all of the Sushi Bars that we've been to have great service out here.  Anyhoot, The odd name "Naked Fish's" why? The owner's concept is to prepare sushi that doesn't need the Soy Sauce and Wasabi. If you ask me he's succeeded. There seems to be a sufficient menu for things other than Sushi. They have Kobe steak and stuff like that I'm sure it's probably amazing but I've yet to deviate from the Sushi / Maki roll thing.  It never ceases to amaze me how we are in the middle of a desert yet there is fresh seafood out here. Crazy.
5	five stars simply because they have the best 'jalapeno poppers' i've ever had in my life.  no, not like the ones you get at jack n' crack  (naked fish also stays open late), but with cut diagonally long and some spicy tuna on top and then fried.  but of all the things to name it... they call it the 'fo'shizzle my nizzle'.don't know if i should give them a bonus star for that or deduct a star.
5	cool place, cool people, really great sushi-this place has a really good vibe, the menu is huge & original.
4	After lazing about the pool at Red Rock for a bit, we cleaned up, and headed down to the Strip for a pre-wedding meet & greet.  After a few drinks, we were getting kind of hungry, but nothing at the Flamingo sounded good.  The good thing about having family that lives in town is that they can always steer us to their local haunts.  So, we headed back out to the westside to check out Naked Fish's.  There are times when I'm in the mood for some traditional nigiri sushi, and there are other times when I'll check the inner sushi snob within at the door and eat anything.  I'm usually not a big fan of fusion rolls, but their Roppongi Roll is actually quite delicious!  We also ordered up some Chicken Gizzards, Kalbi, Beef Tongue, Soft Shell Crab Salad, Soup, another roll (no idea what it was, but it was tasty as well), Natto Makizushi, Shrimp Tempura, and probably a few more things.  Service level was good, and we left filled to the brim.
3	B.K.'s comment scares me, but luckily I haven't been to Naked Fish in quite awhile.  I used to go there last year with my ex-girlfriend, and we enjoyed their late night happy hour menu.  Being that this place is open until 2am, it wasn't a bad choice.  A bit far from my house, but right between me and the ex, so it worked for us.  Since we broke up, only been back once, and it wasn't as good as I remembered it being.  Perhaps it's starting to go downhill?
4	The food wasn't exactly the best sushi I've tasted.  They did have a couple creative items there.  One of them was the jalapeno fried roll and the sushi pizza which I thought was pretty good.  However, the rest of the rolls from the happy hour menu weren't up to par with some other sushi places.  However, service is good.  I liked how the place was set up.  Almost a modernized Japanese feel.  Chefs were also friendly.  It's also a good place to drink.  The food wasn't bad enough to give it 3 stars, but it's not really a place I'd go for really good sushi.
4	My first thought as I walked in here was could there be any more poker players in here?  Anyways..I didn't love this place but I thought it was decent.  I also thought it was interested that the majority of staff there were Japanese as opposed to most places around LV.  My wife certainly appreciated the abundance of natto on the menu too.I kinda felt like the special rolls they made were a bit on the small side.  You'd have to drop at least $40 each to feel full I'd think.  I'd probably lean more towards entrees w/ a couple of handrolls the next time I go.  3.5 stars but closer to 4 than 3.
5	I don't know what these Las Vegas folks are talking about, perhaps they need to travel out of the desert and cleanse their palate with soft water.Sorry to hate..but it's true. This sushi restaurant is off the HOOK!!! I'm from San Francisco and I have tried many sushi places throughout California. NAKED FISH has a modern yet Authentic Asian atmosphere. They are open late for those who want to get a late night snack in addition to the fact that the prices are very reasonable. My friend from Las Vegas brought me here last year.. every time I visit Vegas to check on my house which I just bought and is close by, I am sure to pay NAKED FISH a visit. The last couple of times I've been here I ordered the Japanese Lasagna roll--- which my friend's and I call "the cheeseburger roll". As weird as it may sound for a "Sushi roll"..it's extremely delicious! I'm taking my friends from San Francisco again when we visit later this week...and for sure we look forward to making NAKED FISH one of the places to dine at!!!
5	I don't know what these Las Vegas folks are talking about, perhaps they need to travel out of the desert and cleanse their palate with soft water.Sorry to hate..but it's true.This sushi restaurant is off the HOOK!!! I'm from San Francisco and I have tried many sushi places throughout California. NAKED FISH has a modern yet Authentic Asian atmosphere. They are open late for those who want to get a late night snack in addition to the fact that the prices are very reasonable. My friend from Las Vegas brought me here last year.. every time I visit Vegas to check on my house which I just bought and is close by, I am sure to pay NAKED FISH a visit. The last couple of times I've been here I ordered the Japanese Lasagna roll--- which my friend's and I call "the cheeseburger roll". As weird as it may sound for a "Sushi roll"..it's extremely delicious! I'm taking my friends from San Francisco again when we visit later this week...and for sure we look forward to making NAKED FISH one of the places to dine at!!
3	The bf wanted to try Naked Fish because one of his favorite poker players happens to love this place. "He eats there all the time!" Is that a valid selling point? I guess so, because it worked! Overall, meh. The lobster roll was very good, but everythiing else we had was pretty average. The sunset and dark circle rolls sounded very promising and delicious, but they were surprisingly flavorless and boring. I liked that it's a totally unpretentious and cozy joint, but I definitely think that there is better sushi to be had out there.
5	The best place in Vegas in for sushi... might even be better than some of my favorite place in nyc (but I'm not even going to start making comparisons, since i only make it out to vegas once a year). The uni was so fresh, so delicious, I almost gobbled up the pieces just so I would horde them all. Sashimi combo was so cheap, esp. since it came with takosu and sweet shrimp miso soup.... mmmmm... that was a good dinner.Perfect bite-size pieces for the rolls. I hate it some place make the enormous rolls for the american appetite. Just lovely perfect bites.
2	I love spicy food.  I'm always picking the menu items with the little pepper by their name.  But the spice at Naked Fish's was just WAY too much.  My whole mouth hurt.  And the food was really average.  We had taken a cab from the strip on a recommendation for Naked and it was just not worth the effort.  They were very nice, it's open late and the space was cute but we wouldn't go back.
5	I really hate even posting this, because I know once a place like this gets too popular, the opportunity will exist for the quality of the place to go down.That said, for Vegas, the prices here were quite reasonable. If a place like this were on the Strip at the same prices, this place would be ridiculously busy every night.Me and my two friends went to this place on Saturday night. I had called an hour ahead for a quick reservation and actually got it, which surprised me. The staff was extremely courteous and the rolls were some of the best I've ever had. I got two of the expensive rolls, the Ultimate Naked ($15)and the Happy Ending ($12.50). That's probably as high-end as it will get in terms of the price range. The soft-shell crab on the Ultimate Naked was ridiculously good and the tuna from the Happy Ending was fresh and had more than enough flavor. The meal ran a shade over $30 but it was worth it. Will definitely come back here the next time I go to Vegas.9/24/09 addendum: The Kamikaze roll, at $7, is MASSIVELY underrated. The Tiger & Dragon roll was also legit...love me some eel. And if you ever get the opportunity to try the Toro...DO IT.
5	When do you give 5 stars? Rarely, never or in my case, maybe 1 in 25.First of all, this joint is tiny and hidden in a little shopping center close to Red Rock. I'd say there are 10-12 tables. Very cozy, lots of Cirque Du Soleil posters hanging out on the walls, apparently they are fans as well. Our waitress was the best waitress I've had in a LONG time. She was witty, attentive, and intuitive. Awesome. Let's just say we only asked for lime once, and she brought it out right away, with extra slices in case anyone got refills. A+.Our food was delicious. The menu was straightforward, and lists the most well known rolls..there's one called the Linda Linda. or Wait, it's the Lisa Lisa. The rolls were excellent, fresh, nice and fluffy rice, crispy veggies, great presentation.  There is a sexy view of the city from where you sit- the restaurant is in a part of the city that is slightly elevated. The prices are ridiculously decent given the fact that you're in Vegas. It's homey and honest food, I love it. Will come back again when in Vegas.
5	Probably some of the best sushi in town. This place isn't really well known within the mainstream sushi spots in town, but this place is on the verge off becoming one of the most popular places. Freshest sushi and sashimi, never disappoints...The best time to come is during happy hour when the sushi is extra cheap. I highly recommend the philly roll.
4	If one word comes to mind when thinking about how to review the food at Naked Fish, the word is "surprise."You're in Las Vegas, you drive 30 minutes off the strip, and you're thinking... sushi? In the desert? Come on. Wow.Top quality, great food, well priced, good service, open late, awesome.I always end up coming here with sushi connoisseurs who order for me, and I have yet to be disappointed. These guys are big sushi eaters and this is one of their favorite places to go. That should tell you something!Don't miss this if you're up for an off-the-strip adventure as a tourist, and if you're local, you have no excuse for not coming here.
5	Euphoric. Orgasmic. And, I'm an avid sushi-er.. so I would know. Hands down.. the food is mindblowing.. and the down-to-earth cozy atmosphere is refreshing. I hate sushi restaurants that are all about the trendiness, and not the sushi.
5	After hearing about this place for a while, I finally got a chance to check it out.  That was Wednesday.  This is Friday and I've been back twice since!! Japanese owned and run, great service - very friendly - but what I care about most is the food.  Here are some highlights from my last three days:- The sushi rice is delicious and very well done.  And the ratio of fish to rice on the nigiri is ideal as many places use too much rice.- Giant clam, still MOVING slightly and topped with a very thin slice of lemon with peel.  Perfect way to start the meal.- I am a devout O-Toro worshipper and they served me the best O-Toro (blue fin tuna belly) I've eaten east of Hawaii.  Melts in your mouth, no need to chew.- Ankimo (monkfish liver) was new for me and is now a new fav.  It's the foie gras of the sea.  Be sure to take a superbite by putting this in your mouth with some of the scallion, pickled daikon and kale at the same time.  Heavenly.- Halibut Fin, OMG, wow.  I've never had the fin before this is incredible.  - Aji (Spanish Mackarel) was delicious and not even slightly fishy.- The hamachi is excellent, top quality fresh fish.  And I appreciated the knife cuts used on top to further tenderize the already very tender fish.  Melts.- I loved, loved, loved the GT-R Roll (Tiger shrimp tempuraand spicy tuna topped with seared albacore, Jalapenos and a spicy aioli.  Garnished with spicy garlic ponzu.)   I don't usually go in for the gimmicky rolls but this spicy one was out of this world.  They finish it off with a BLOW TORCH giving the whole thing a slightly grilled taste.- The Ika ten (squid tempura) was perfectly cooked.  You can dip it in classic tempura sauce or even better: salt and squeeze of fresh lemon.- I saw them butcher the salmon that had just arrived and then they cut me off some of the fatty belly.  Wow.  As good as the best I've had.Good not great:  - I love uni (sea urchin) and this was quite above average but Sen of Japan is still the best I've had anywhere in the world.- Occasionally I've had ikura that doesn't even have the slightest hint of fishiness.  This was not one of them.  But it was good.- I thought the anago (sea water eel) was very good and the friend I was with was raving about it.  - I ordered the Chicken Gizzard (kind of teriyaki-ish) because one of the chefs was telling me that's what he gets when he comes here to drink.  It was awesome, but quite heavy and a bit oily.  Would be perfect while drinking but not as a dish in the middle of a meal of fresh fish!Abalone - Up there with the best I've had east of Hawaii.The miso soup is very good and they serve iced green tea which not all places do.  The prices are quite reasonable considering the high quality.  Also, if you have a special request to eat a certain fish they don't normally carry, just let them know in advance and they will order it if is available.  This is my new go-to sushi joint.  There are a couple other secrets on and off the menu that I'd rather not disclose so they can save them all for me!!!!!  This is 5 stars and I'm not a slut with my 5-star ratings.
5	Wow. Absolutely great. I have been a sushi fanatic all my life. We have gone to world famous sushi restaurants in San Fransisco, Hawaii, Japan, New York, everywhere. If you are looking for a less expensive, friendly, Las Vegas quality joint, this is the place. I have been to places twice expensive that barely match that of Naked Fish's. GREAT service. Very friendly, informative. A to die for roll was the tiger roll. The description says spicy but don't be deceived. It has the perfect combination of spice and sweet. Awesome. Also a really awesome roll was the Japanese Lasagna. Nothing like Lasagna. Hot, sweet, slightly spicy, perfect for a finisher desert roll. CONCLUSION perfect. wish they had a 6 star option. MUST TRY.
5	This place continues to be my at-least-weekly sushi spot.Two weeks ago, on a Tuesday, they shut down the restaurant for the day.  I have gotten to know the sushi chefs there, so when I asked them what happened, they told me that it was because they received a shipment of sub-par tuna that day.  Since so many customers order tuna on any given day (rolls, spicy tuna, etc), they decided it was best to just close for the day rather than try and salvage some of the bad tuna.That is the definition of integrity.  I don't know any other sushi restaurant in town that would sacrifice a day of revenue because of a situation like that.  Definitely not Sushi-Mon or any of the Korean run sushi restaurants in town - no way.  I think that speaks highly of the owner and the importance he puts on consistently serving only the highest quality fish.Other than that, I don't have much of an update.  I continue to order many of my favs I've written about in the past including GT-R roll, hamachi, aji, ika ten.  Lately, they have also been getting in some really fresh moi from Hawaii.  Also, since my last review I have been served some very good uni - as good as any I've had at other places.
4	Great Sushi oasis in the desert!  I went this place based on a recc. from a co-worker, while in town on business.  I am glad that we did.  Got the WSOP roll, salad and some Nigiri tuna.  All great.  Have gone back a couple of times since.  It does get crowded in the evening (after 7) and is intimate, so get there early to avoid waiting outside in the las vegas summer.
2	Ok everyone... So I was really betting (n.p.i.) on this place to be good. And I've got to say, Yelp's never steered me this wrong before. My wife and I came to Vegas to celebrate our 1st anniversary. I took her here on a saturday afternoon. Not packed. Nice ambience inside, as others had described. The waitress was kind and very attentive. One and two stars there. After that, it was all downhill. Since we went there during their "specials" hour (4:30-6 on Sat) we ordered off their deal menu. Not really exciting prices; they were between 4.50 to 9 bucks. Where we live, that's usually normal price. Minus 1 star.  We ordered california, tiger,(both $8) spicy tuna, and another simple roll (both $4.50). Taste: between a "ehh" and "this stinks". Minus another star. The last star was removed because this place was just not that great. I'm hoping we just had a new sushi chef who couldn't really make good sushi; or maybe we're just spoiled in LA. But really, I was dissapointed. If this is the best you've got in Vegas, then I'm surprised. I'll really just come here for the gambling and nice hotels.
4	I eat here at least once a week.  I'm a big fan of the freshness of the fish and the zaru chirashi bowl.  Unlike most sushi places in town.  I also know that at the very least the Bellagio and Mandalay Bay get o-bento (box lunches) for their Japanese clients from here so you know it's good.
2	I'm not sure how this place got such good reviews but it seems like a trendy poker player spot. On the wall you will see where a lot of the pros have signed their names on plates. We saw some poker players there as well. The place is also very small. Now to the food, I was with a party of 6 so we tried a few different items. The soft shell crab salad was good with a pretty big portion. The scallops were not very fresh, and not good. It didn't have a crunchy texture to it. They grated some lemon on it probably to mask the unfreshness of the fish. The poki salad had a good flavor but the tuna was not very good. Overall, I was dissapointed, if you want good sushi around this area, I'd just go to Sen which is down the street.
4	This place is affordable (and delicious). And when I say affordable, I mean much more than the strip (where everything is over-priced and lame, because it is over-priced). I think I liked this place in part because our waitress was very helpful and gave us recommendations that were distinct and dead-on for the nigiri and sashimi. We also got some rolls that were well-balanced and crunchy (okay, I couldn't help myself and got one tempura roll- I know some people don't consider those fried rolls real sushi, but damn, they're good!).Low lighting, lots of locals (or at least people that seemed to know each other really, really well). I would come back here. We got the house sake warm and it wasn't terrible when it started to become cold (actually, I've never had saki before so I have nothing to compare it to! For shame...)Still, our bill was around sixty dollars with tip for two sets of fancy rolls, sake, beer, and a plentiful portion of nigiri and sashimi (we tried at least  five or six different kinds of fish). Plus we had edamame. I'm just thinking how much MORE it would have been if we had eaten by the casinos. Damn. An all-around enjoyable meal.
3	My friend wanted to eat lunch and asked to meet at this restaurant.  I decided to try a different sushi bar for the heck of it, and I'm glad that I did.Naked Fish has great food and fair prices.  Sushi is not overpriced and is fresh, and their tempura is great.  Although it's not a long jump from the other sushi bars off the strip, it's decent and in an okay area. I wouldn't go there everyday like I do with Yummy Grill & Sushi on Tenaya and Lake Mead, but it was a change of pace for that day.
5	Showed up, was closed for the company christmas party, we understood - was no problem - and the waitress came running out after us with a $10 gift certificate so we'd come back.Naked Fish always impresses me and tonight was no exception even though we didn't even eat there.
5	Crunch Roll is to DIE for.  Excellent SushiCame here with my Uncle & we both agree that the sushi is delicious! I've been to an exorbitant amount of sushi places (in NYC & Beyond) over the years, and have to say I was surprised that I would like this place so much.Cozy, open late, and there to make you happy; the staff does an excellent job of delivering five star quality food and service.I'd come back here in a heartbeat!Date Rating: 7Pick up Scale: 4 (VERY cute girls eating here, said to be most of the girls who work in the shows in town)Strong Suggestion: look at the photos, don't expect much ambiance, come and enjoy.
5	Naked Fish is probably the best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. It is well liked by the cast of most of the Cirque Du Soleil performers and their walls boast giant  posters of the shows with signatures from all the performers. Their staff is very attentive and warm, and every time I go I can't wait to see Wanda. She is the best server there. She is very knowledgeable and knows every ingredient of every dish. If your having trouble deciding whats good, she's the girl to ask!You really feel at home and welcome. The atmosphere is slightly darker than normal for a sushi restaurant, but it sets the atmosphere for good times and romantic dinners.As a repeat customer and die hard fan of Naked Fish's, it would be the first choice out of any sushi restaurant in the city.
5	Best sushi spot in Vegas I have tried so far just based on service. I got to try a few different eel based rolls that were yummy. I ordered the crunch roll but wished I would have gotten what everyone else was eating. I'm not a huge fan of that crunchy powdery stuff on the outside, once I dusted as much of it as I could off I enjoyed it. There was also a sweet yellow sauce on the plate that threw things off for me. Kinda feel like I'm nitpicking because I really did enjoy everything.A couple people at the table ordered actual meals like chicken katsu, etc. and the bites I had were good-the sushi is what it's all about though.Will definitely have to return for some sashimi and nigiri...and that kobe. I just need to get through the rolls first. This place has a nice intimate feel to it, low lights, and it feels like it's the right size. I was able to make myself pretty comfortable (like I usually do everyhwere).
5	This is a fantastic sushi restaurant.  I've never really been a big fan of sushi but Naked Fish has made me a convert.  When my fiance and I are in town, we have to have sushi and a good bottle of sake at Naked Fish.  My fiance and I love it.  We've been there three times so far.  If we waited for seat, we didn't wait long and we always enjoyed ourselves.  The place is small, cozy and has an all around great atmosphere.  The wait staff is very warm, friendly and helpful.  Food is fresh, flavorful and always beautifully presented.  I have to recommend the house special, "Happy Ending," and "Bonzai."
1	After reading numerous great reviews for this sushi bar, my fiance and I came here, ready to stuff ourselves with sushi. Worst decision EVER!!! The sushi was ok and the rolls were disgusting. The spicy tuna roll tasted like it had been pre-made and sitting in the fridge all day. The few rolls we tried that could pass as just average sushi hardly had any fish. They were mostly rice and vegetables. We kept trying different rolls hoping that it would be amazing like all the reviews had stated but we were so, so wrong. We left with a $100 bill and still hungry. Whoever wrote that this place was a top restaurant obviously does not know what good food tastes like. We love Sushi Fever, but like others have written it is a little over-priced which is why we chose Naked Fish. We were shocked that we spent more money than we've ever spent at Sushi Fever for gross, grocery store quality sushi.
1	Ok, let me preface this by saying that though this is my first Yelp review, I'm not one of these folks who comes on here just to write one scathing review based on a single bad experience.  I've been reading Yelp reviews for a few years now, and always use it as a foremost authority before hitting up any new Vegas eateries.  My lady and I are also relentless foodies, frequenting restaurants of all genres and price ranges all over town and every time we travel.  I guess what I'm trying to say is...this ain't my first rodeo.For comparison's sake, and/or to put my preferences into context, one of my favorite sushi spots is Sushi Mon on Sahara, which I find to be pretty darn good (not amazing, but good people, quick service, and good all-you-can-eat value).  We were a bit keen on trying a new place, and Naked Fish had been recommended to us by a few people.  So of course, I came on Yelp and saw nothing but pristine 4 and 5 star reviews.  Safe to say I was chomping at the bit to get in to Naked Fish and try it out.AWFUL.  To say I was disappointed would be the understatement of the year.  We dropped $130 and ended up getting Taco Bell on the way home.  The rolls were MINUSCULE.  I suppose that if you're a gringo and your idea of "sushi" is rice, seaweed and ginger, this is the place for you.  But where was the fish?  It was almost impossible to differentiate between the different types of fish we were eating because the cuts were so tiny.  We ordered about 7 or 8 different rolls from their limited menu, and afterwards the only thing I was thinking was, "Damn, these all taste the same."  I say "limited menu" because the vast majority of their rolls were some sort of fried or baked varieties.  Those aren't really my preference as it's generally difficult to taste the fish.  But hell, maybe those would've been better than the nonsense we were eating.That said, the sushi chefs were nice, though extremely slow, and the sake was delicious.  Unfortunately, I might feel that way because it was the only thing I had to help wash down the tasteless "sushi" that I was (reluctantly) ingesting.I promise to review other places.  I love lots of LV restaurants; this is NOT one of them.
4	I've been reading yelp for a while and always though about writing a review...so here it goes..Naked Fish was recommended by alot of people we know, and we also work in the industry. I've read the good and the bad reviews and I was hesitant to try..but it was late and there was really no other option near us. I was quite surprised of the location and how tiny the place was. I read alot about how this place was the best ever, as well as how terrible it was because people thought there was a lack of fish in their rolls.We got a couple of specials on the board. First the amberjack sashimi otherwise known as the freaking delicious Kampachi. Love love this fish and missed it so much haven't seen it since I lived in Hawaii, bomb for sure, nice and buttery! Second I saw that they had Kumamoto oysters, and I am such an oyster lover and as most lovers know, not alot of off the strip places have quality oysters like that, so I had to get them. Preferably I like my oyster plain so I can control whats on them, they had some sort of a ponzu ginger sauce on them with scallions which was fine, and yes the oyster met my standards. we also got hamachi sashimi which was plump and delicious also, as well as the hamachi collar and the happiness roll. The roll was pretty good but not at all the best I've had, there was a little more seaweed salad in the roll than the Ahi that comes with it, but the little crunch of the garlic sitting on top kinda made the roll for me, it dispersed just the right amount of garlic for that roll. In conclusion my overall experience for food was exceptional for the price your paying and the quality and service you got, and btw the service was awesome(we sat ot the sushi bar w Peter). A large kirin split, a large carafe of chilled sake, kanpachi and hamachi sashimi, happiness roll, kumamoto oysters, hamachi collar, strawberry and green tea mochi ice cream, and $135 later($98 for bill, $17 for server, $10 for sushi chefs), it was a well worth dining experience and I would go back in a heart beat!
4	Great atmosphere with good service. The sauteed mushrooms and sea bass with miso butter were very good.
5	Scratches head. Why didn't I discover this place earlier? I used to think that the best and cheapest way to eat sushi (in Vegas) is buffet style. I have been to Kobe Sushi and Oyshi Sushi. Basically you pay $25+ for really crappy sushi. And by crappy I mean sushi that is not fresh and is drenched in different kind of sauces to hide the fact that it is not fresh. I was in Vegas a week ago and I had a Eureka moment. I realized that if you go to a non-buffet sushi place, the cost will come out to be the same or cheaper than at a buffet. To test my assumption, my friend and I went to Naked Fish. We came here around noon time and it was really crowded. We were both super hungry and wanted to order everything on the menu. We ended up getting the lunch time special. We ordered a 3 roll combo ($19.95) and it comes with miso soup and salad. The miso soup and salad were ok, but the rolls were A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.! I was really surprised at how fresh the sushi were. We ordered the scallop roll, Kamikaze, and Dark Circle Roll. 1. Scallop Roll (6pc)This was a really traditional roll with just scallops. Normally, I would never get scallops at a sushi restaurant because it is usually not fresh enough for me. The scallops at sushi restaurants are usually drenched in some kind of sauce to mask the lack of freshness. However, I was really impressed with the scallops here. This roll was very simple and fresh. Perfecto!2. Kamikaze (8pc)This was one of their specialty roll. It has fresh water eel, advocado, spicy tuna, served with eel sauce). Both my friend and I loved this too!3. Dark Circle (5pc)Another specialty, it has shrimp, kani kama, fresh water eel with spicy tuna, avocado, kizami on top, served with eel sauce. This roll didn't disappoint.In addition to the lunch combo, we also ordered their infamous Tuna Tataki Salad ($15.95). This has seared tuna with tataki sauce. This salad was delicious as well! The greens that they used was fresh, tuna was fresh, and so was the avocado! Our total meal was about $38 for two people! Score!!Next time, I really want to try the chef omakase sashimi. It is only $15 per person!!Note: the lunch time combo has different combos to pick from. For #1 combo, you get to pick 1 out of 12 rolls. For #2 combo, you get to pick 2 out 22 rolls. For #3 combo, you get to pick 3 out of 37 rolls. Rolls range from traditional Japanese to specialty.Xtra Note: during the weekday, they are open for lunch/dinner. weekends are dinner only.
4	The sushi here is really good. If you like the tiger roll this one of the best places to order it. They have this dish which is called Japarican steak which is pretty much a hamburger patty which is good. You can pick which sauce you want with it. This is a great late night dining restaurant. The only thing bad is that sometimes they take long to make the sushi.
4	This place is dangerous because almost everything is delicious and you want more of everything. Food: The numerous times I came here almost everything was delicious. Whether it was their Ultimate Naked Roll, Kai, Dark Circle, or Dragon Fly everything was just good. Their gyoza, soft shell crab,  mackerel, shrimp tempura, and Asian lamb chop, and Japanese spaghetti were all good as well. But one thing that really stood out and still bothered me was the bonzai roll, it just had the fishy seafood taste which is a sign of bad sushi. It was really bad. Could have just been a bad roll. Everything else on the menu is good though.Service:Wait staff is very friendly and helpful. They were very friendly with the young child that was in our group, giving him a toy car and quick to clean up the small mess he made. But, the wait staff wasn't shy about offering our Vietnamese co-worker a fork, since he kept dropping his sushi with the chopsticks. BURNNNNNNN!Price:After comparing to other sushi places, Naked Fish is price fairly competitive based on what you get. You can't compare to all you can eat places, but if you want quality sushi without breaking the bank this is the place to go. Rolls range from $6 all the way to the $15 Ultimate Naked Roll. Great high quality affordable sushi, with fish being shipped daily from Japan. If it wasn't for the mishap with the bonzai roll, this place deserves a 5 star.
5	Great overall experience here. Staff was friendly, food was delicious, atmosphere is relaxed and quiet, and the sushi ---- mmmmMMmm. Definately up there on my list of best sushi I have eaten (RM Seafood tops that list). Had some fried rice as well which was pretty good (could have been better) but thats ok it was fair priced and the sushi made up for it. Looking forward to my next visit here.
5	This is a great small local sushi place with great service.  During the World Series of Poker, this is also the spot where most of the pros hit for late night sushi runs (because it closes at 2 am).The fish has always been great, especially considering that you are about 6 hours from the nearest ocean.It's a very intimate restaurant, with seating for about 6 at the sushi bar and regular seating for about 30 patrons.  I never go earlier than 10pm, but I would imagine it would be busy if you went there around 8.Some tips: The WSOP roll is my favorite.  The GTR and 911 rolls are great too.  If it's your first time there, you can't skip the "Happy Ending with Special Sauce"! Check out their website for the full menu:http://www.nakedfishlv.com/menu.html
4	Okay, I've only been here once, so this is just a review of the two rolls I tried not the restaurant as a whole.- Roppongi ($12.50, spicy tuna, shrimp, green onions) - Wow, it was spicy! First of all, I'm not someone who likes their food extremely spicy. A little kick is good, but this was like getting kicked in the mouth. The sauce was great and overall, a great roll.- WSOP ($12.50, hamachi,  w/ more hamachi and jalapeno on top) - it was a little bit on the small side, but still a very tasty roll.The place is a little smaller than what I thought it would be like, based on the pictures. But, It's a cozy and comfortable environment. The staff was very friendly and welcoming.
4	I'm always on the look out for more restaurants in my "lunch zone". Particularly sushi restaurants with fresh fish. After one visit Naked Fish is one of my new favorites! I'm honestly more of a sashimi girl, but I'm also cautious and usually stick with rolls the first time I try out a new sushi place. If the rolls are delicious I move on to the sashimi on the next visit. Today's visit was the roll visit. I went during lunch time and was very pleased with the combos and options. For between $8.95 and $18.95 you can get 2-3 rolls, salad, and miso. I got 3 rolls for $14.95Philadelphia - a staple of mine. Salmon was very freshLisa/Lisa - Shrimp tempura, avocado, crunch, eel sauce. As delectable as it sounds. So sue me, it isn't Japanese at all! But damn it's some tasty Americanized goodness! Tuna - I got this one so I could make sure I tried one with just fish. The tuna was fresh and tasty. It seems like this place would have great sashimi. The place was cute, service was quick, and prices were great. I'm sorry I didn't try anything "challenging", but the rolls I tried were rolled perfectly, had fresh ingredients, and most importantly had PERFECT sushi rice . Update to come when I try some sashimi!
5	This is my favorite Japanese restaurant in town and probably in the world.  Their soft shell crab salad is the favorite dish of our family.  The service is excellent and the sushi rolls are creative as they can be.However, the price isn't cheap but the food is worth every penny.  Not exaggerating, but I haven't had any dish that I don't like yet.  So this is Woohoo!  As good as it gets!
4	There are a lot of great sushi restaurants in Vegas, but Naked Fish comes out on top of some fierce competition. Their quality of fish is impeccable and their menu is as dynamic as it gets.
5	I keep talking to people about Naked Fish's and the quality of the fish and no one seems to believe me till we go. A group of us went here for my birthday (apparently someone listens to all my ravings and determined that this is my favorite sushi spot in town...word.)The quality of the fish and the skills with which the rolls are prepared are always exceptional. We got a few classics like the sunset roll, deja vu roll, etc. and Naked Fish's killed it as usual!!The rest of the table got some new things I have not tried yet, but from reports, the Japanese lasagna is golden, along with the Dark Circle roll. We also ordered a soft shell crab salad that was split up amongst everyone. The quality of the crab and the delicious spicy/sweet dressing makes it.I got a free dessert for my birthday-tempura fried ice cream with strawberries on top. I had never ordered dessert before, but I might have to now. Naked Fish's, you have me hooked: heart, soul, and stomach.
4	I must say that Yelp came through in the clutch with the strong reviews for Naked Fish's food & dining experience.  The wife and I were looking for a sushi dinner on last minutes notice after work and wanted to try something close to the house.  I found Naked Fish's here on Yelp and decided to give it a try... glad we did!The restaurant was easy to find with ample parking for 5:50pm on a Friday night.  We parked right in front of the door and walked in, greeted by the smiling staff :)  We were escorted to a booth and again greeted by the sushi bar guys as with any friendly sushi spot.From that point forward everything fell right into place to make for a great experience. Our server was attentive to all of our needs from the 1st to the last minute.  We ordered our Kirin's and just caught the happy hour special, so ordered the Shrimp Tempura Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll & Spider Roll.  We got our beer a few minutes later then followed right after with our food.  It was awesome!  As we sat there, more people started to come in and fill up the seats.  We had perfect timing, but even still we noticed that everyone was being served quickly & attentively.  As for the food, tasted fresh & quite delicious for being Happy Hour rolls. We noticed that even the tempura was cooked well as it wasn't soggy or soft. It was still warm and crispy :)  Only thing I'd say against the rolls is that the Spicy Tuna wasn't as spicy as I would have liked and the wasabi was not that spicy either. Kind of weird, but still really good.After we finished that, we ordered the special Premium Toro w/ fresh wasabi & Salmon nigiri.  WOW.  The Toro was so soft and juicy.  It was a thick cut as well, definitely a great choice as our server had indicated they had just got it, so it was fresh!All in all, we couldn't find a fault outside of not being able to fit any more in our belly.  We'll definitely be back for the Roppongi and a few other of the nigiri choices. Highly recommend this for sushi cravings.
1	Okay so I came here in Feb and they took my review down!!! So I am putting it back up. You can't take down people's reviews because you don't like what we think of your restaurant.FEB 2010After reading numerous great reviews for this sushi bar, my fiance and I came here, ready to stuff ourselves with sushi. Worst decision EVER!!!The sushi was ok and the rolls were disgusting. The spicy tuna roll tasted like it had been pre-made and sitting in the fridge all day. The few rolls we tried that could pass as just average sushi hardly had any fish. They were mostly rice and vegetables. We kept trying different rolls hoping that it would be amazing like all the reviews had stated but we were so, so wrong. We left with a $100 bill and still hungry.Whoever wrote that this place was a top restaurant obviously does not know what good food tastes like. We love Sushi Fever, but like others have written it is a little over-priced which is why we chose Naked Fish. We were shocked that we spent more money than we've ever spent at Sushi Fever for gross, grocery store quality sushi.
4	Its always good to have a small, fun local sushi joint...the kind of place you can meet a friend for dinner without going broke or take a date and still impress.  I've eaten at other Sushi places here in Vegas that were either so-so, too expensive or in a casino which always exhausts me, but I finally stumbled onto a place that fits the bill.  Naked Fish was charming, reasonable and delicious...definitely staking a claim to be in my stable of regular eateries.  I also love that their sushi chefs were Japanese.  Not saying that other ethnicities cant make great sushi, but its just one of those things that makes sense to me.  Situated in a non-descript strip mall on the westside of town, Naked Fish is a small restaurant that has an even tinier sushi bar (5 seats I think) but what it lacks in size it makes up for in ambition.  The menu has a nice selection of appetizers, sushi, sashimi, rolls and grilled entrees.  On my visit, we did a smorgasbord of rolls and sashimi that was fantastic.  The comment that immediately came to mind for all those in my party was the freshness of the fish.  The taste and quality of a fresh product cant be duplicated and so many sushi places trot out marginal seafood that you can tell isnt as fresh as probably advertised.  The amazing freshness of the fish was especially evident in the sashimi where it cant hide behind rice and other accoutrement like in rolls.  We did their Omakase sashimi option which for a set price puts your faith in the sushi chefs and they send out a nice platter based on their whims that evening.  For three people it was $50 and there was everything from Bluefin, to Jackfish to tempura style prawns.   It was enough for all of us to feel full, especially after starting off with an order or Spider rolls and California rolls which were phenomenal...but it was that cool Sushi type full where you dont feel like you need to put on sweat pants in wallow in your filth, like when you have too much pizza.  Service for the evening was credible and friendly and they took the time to explain everything that was sent out to us which is always a big help, especially when dining with sushi novices.  On a side note, its kind of interesting, but the restaurant actually has some great views of Las Vegas.  I know what you're thinking; How can that be in a strip mall?  Well because the parcel across the street is undeveloped, it allows for an unhindered view of the Vegas strip about 6 miles away...especially pretty when the sun is setting.  Remember that you future prince charmings when you need to impress a girl!  Also, they have a food happy hour until 6pm I believe that gives discounts on a number of rolls and appetizers.  I always knew I prefer things "Naked".....
5	Naked fish is the BOMB!...  their specialty rolls are the best! the crunchy rice with spicy tuna on top and yellowtail jalapeno sashimi are the two best things here. and their soft shelled crab salad. This place is by far one of the best places to eat in LV
4	When in the mood for sushi, I usually always go here. The staff is consistent, friendly and they remember their regulars. I have never sat at a table or gone with a large group so this review is just based on chilling at the sushi bar and enjoying the food. They are generally always busy which is great and important for a sushi place. I used to have a saying that I only eat the fish if I can see the water, but Vegas has SOO many fish and sushi places in town that fresh fish is flown into town all the time. Quality of food here is really good and the chef's are fun and interactive.. Occasionally I would ask them to look out for a certain type of fish and they occasionally will get it in and remember that it was you who asked for it.... The only reason I did not give it five stars was that they don't carry some fish and other japanese dishes that I got used to having all the time when I was living in San Francisco.... but hey, this is Las Vegas... Bonus points for being open late and having a lovely wait staff...
5	I moved here from the sushi mecca L.a. and was lucky to have amazing sushi less than a block away. Obviously it is quite different here and it took a lot of trial and error and sadness for me to realize there is nothing even close to my favorite places in L.a. At one point I had tried all the sushi places in town with only Nobu coming close to the quality I was used to. While they have great food, their prices are ridiculous so that was out of the question. I actually gave up on sushi until I gave in to a friend's recommendation and tried Naked Sushi. They didn't disappoint and while they are still not on the level of L.a. they are close. I love their house rolls and tempura offerings and the freshness of the fish for sashimi is great. They could be a bit cheaper but really since they are the only good place in town, I don't mind paying. The service is amazing, I always get the same lady as my waitress (I will need to catch her name to give her credit). She is always enthusiastic, helpful, and attentive.It is pretty small so sometimes you will have to wait for a table or seat at the bar. They are open late and are a favorite restaurant of all the Cirque shows in town, the walls are adorned with signed posters from all the shows.
5	Operating in the sushi market in the town of Las Vegas is tough. "I've eaten sushi all over the nation and this is the best"...if I had a dime for every person that said that, well you can do the math. Funny when you see the lady sitting at a cheap probably 3 month life span sushi restaurant eating frozen tuna raving about the freshness and quality. Here is the low down because your hearing from someone that really knows: FISH COMES IN ALL TIERS AND PRICES FROM THE SUPER CHEAP TO TOP QUALITY (Remember you are what you eat) 1. All the purveyors nationwide will sell frozen tuna if given the chance (all you can eat sushi bars Todai, I Love sushi etc, etc. and cheap poke places) Let me tell you the process: The manufacturers will take old tuna of poor quality that didn't sell at market usually staring to turn rotten and brown. They then fabricate and process using carbon monoxide , smoke and food coloring, hence the bright red color. After this they vacuum seal, freeze and sell to fish purveyors for pennies who then sell to restaurants for just a little more. Then YOU get stoked when you can enjoy all you can eat tuna sushi at a shitty sushi bar that is fluorescent red colored because all you worry about is quantity not quality. 2. All Hamachi sashimi is farm raised poor quality from Asia. Wild caught Yellowtail or its' cousins will run a market price of $40 - $50 a pound translating to $12- $14 for 2 pieces of sushi. 3. Salmon mostly farm raised because the wild stuff can cost a restaurant double triple and they figure that they can dress it up enough with ponzu sauce or mayo to the point where no once can tell the difference. Also the farm raised salmon live in very contaminated polluted environments with the water being constantly diluted with antibiotics sometimes (USDA and FDA knows this) with agents that are carcinogenic and/or harmful to human beings. Anyway enough on the boring education, ignorance is bliss. Naked Fish is by far the best place in Las Vegas to get sushi off the strip that is unpretentious and with a reasonable price tag considering the quality. Sen of Japan is great but don't want to pay $300 a head for a Nobu's knock off. Service at Naked Fish is great and they take the time to get to know their customers. My only complaint is that I wish they would expand to more traditional Japanese dishes, but given their diverse clientele it is understandable.
4	This place is far (about 7 miles) from the strip, but some of their dishes are worth trying.  A lot of poker pros dine here.  You'll see several signed white dinner plates adorning the walls.As for the food, I would recommend yellowtail with ponzu and jalapenos.  It was so good that I wanted to order another one just for myself.  The chicken fried rice was yummy, and so was the kamikaze roll (eel, spicy tuna and avocado).  The Yum Yum roll was alright, and their tuna sashimi was cut way too thick.  The restaurant is cozy and the service was very attentive.  I'll be back for more yellowtail!
5	01/14/11 update:  Naked Fish's Hamachi Kama is delicious! It used to be hard to get Hamachi Kama, but Naked Fish always has it. LOVE IT.  Their Fo Shizzle My Nizzle is good too! Love Naked Fish.  I was on a sushi kick for a while and went here about 3 times in 3 days.  Shishito peppers are delicious here and they make their spicy tuna just right.  It's hard to find really good spicy tuna.  Most places make it too mushy or just doesn't taste right.  Naked sushi does it right.  All of the staff there are really nice.  It's a small restaurant and can get busy quick.  They always have items that I can't really find anywhere else at a decent price.  Kumamoto oysters, conch & mirugai.  I recommend this place if you're looking for some quality fish
4	I love this place. Yummy sushi!
5	I'm still yet to find better value-for-quality sushi in Las Vegas. In fact, Naked Fish's inspired me to write this, my first-ever Yelp review.The food is great, always fresh, and gets to you quickly. You'll enjoy items from every part of the menu, guaranteed. Classic, elegant sashimi and nigiri sushi items are always excellent, but special rolls, hot appetizers, soups, salads, and even dessert are impressive as well. The menu is very well-rounded, the chefs are always creating new and innovative specialties, and even your friends who don't like sushi will find items they love here.Servers here know how to recommend the best dishes of the day. If you ask for the best fresh fish on the daily specials menu, you'll get it, and you'll love it. When you want to try new rolls or appetizers, you'll be pleased with what they recommend. Here are some things you absolutely must have when you go:1. Sauteed spinach and sauteed mushrooms. Just get them. You won't believe how flavorful they are. I've brought a handful of people who claim not to like mushrooms into this place, and all of them have enjoyed this appetizer (everyone likes spinach).2. Miso sea bass (appetizer). It's simple, bursting with flavor, and one of my favorite dishes ever. I can taste the influence of Nobu Matsuhisa in this dish, and it does him justice.3. Lobster salad. Tempura-style lobster bites in a simple, tasty, refreshing salad. It explains itself.4. Dark Circle, Sundevil, Roppongi rolls, and ask for whatever else the server thinks you should try. Everybody I take to this place loves these rolls, hands-down.If you order pricier items like Spanish Mackerel or o-toro, you'll get fresh wasabi. If you have never had it, it's a mind-blowing treat, and well worth splurging for every now and then.When you are at Naked Fish's, you'll probably see me. If you're not sure, just ask for Corwin - they'll know. Enjoy!
5	This is one of my favorite local sushi spots.  Good quality fish and nice atmosphere.  Ideal spot for a nice and relaxing dinner date.  The place is not big so don't be surprised if you have to wait.
4	I love this place! We always bring out of town/state visitors here because the food is great, the people are nice, and since there's a huge vacant lot across the street, there's an awesome view of the strip :) The only complaint I have is the service is kind of slow. Usually at sushi places, we order a couple rolls and if we're still hungry, order a couple more. At this place, we have to order everything at once or we'll be there all night... which isn't always a bad thing! I love the happy hour, some of the rolls are normally $12 but during the happy hour they're $8. The fish tastes fresh, the price is fair, and the selection is varied. There's really something for everyone. I love sushi, and have tried many places around Las Vegas. To me, The Naked Fish is the best fish for your buck!
4	I think this is one of the best quality sushi around Vegas without paying STRIP prices. Happened to come on a night they served Big Eye Tuna sashimi and it was melt in your mouth GOOD.The roppongo roll is always a favorite of mine but I try to stick to the nigiri and sashimi since the quality of the fish is so good.Come early since the place is small and becomes packed easily.
5	Yup, this is as good as it gets!  I come here as often as I can! I made sure they're the first review I make on Yelp.  Must have Yuzu Salmon, MUST!! You will never think of sushi the same way.  Every now and then my husband and I crave, dream, and feen for this restaurant. We absolutely cannot stay away!
5	Love Love Love!  This place! Great food, Great Service (Ask to have Wanda as your server.  SHE'S THE BEST!)Also, the fresh wasabi is AMAZING!C U Soon! Naked Fish
4	For Vegas, I think this is one of the best places to eat Sushi.  They don't offer AYCE, but I'm not here for quantity.  I'm here for quality fish.  For one, everything always tastes fantastic and I always happen to get Wanda.  She's the best and I love her accent!We've ordered many items on the menu before and haven't been disappointed.  Do try their sushi rolls:  GTR, Ultimate Naked, Roppongi.  Their soft shell crab salad has the right mix of tangy dressing with fresh crunchy vegetables and perfectly fried soft shell crab.  We often order nigiri from their daily specials and those have not disappointed either.This is a restaurant to take your sushi roll loving friends.
4	One of my top 5 Sushi restaurants.  They have great lunch specials.  The sushi rolls are good size, and delicious.  The sashimi lunch is a great value, and the service is always excellent.
5	My husband and I were trying to figure out where to have dinner. Thanks to Yelp and all the great reviews about this place, we got in the car and drove to Naked Fish!This place is awesome! It's a pretty small restaurant. We got here around 5pm on a Friday and we were seated right away. By the time we left at 6pm, the place was full and there were a few parties waiting in line for a table.They had many sushi dishes to choose from. I liked how they had a full picture menu for the sushi so you can see what it looks like. Then I thought, hey this place is called Naked Fish, so why not try the fish? So I ordered the Salmon Miso Yaki Meal and my husband ordered this Conch dish that our server had told us about - it was the special of the day and supposedly very good. A few minutes later our server came back to me and said that the salmon wasn't available. So she suggested that I get the Grilled Sea Bass Miso Butter Meal instead. I do like Miso Black Cod, and she said it was similar to that. I was kind of hesitant at first. I mean, it was $27.95, and I wasn't planning to order anything expensive. But then I thought, what the hell, I just had a bad week and I'm relaxing in Vegas for the weekend, so why not? Well, she was right, it was great! Good flavor, the fish was easy to eat, and I like how it came with an extra cup of miso on the side. Nice presentation of our two dishes as well, the food looked very pretty!Not sure what our server's name was. The receipt said Wanda, but the sushi chefs where calling her "Nikki-san." Well, whoever she was, she was great! Very nice and friendly and did a good job checking up on us from time to time even though it was busy. The other servers also stopped by our table to ask how the food was.I will definitely be back for some sushi, desserts, and more fish! Good location because it's close to home and open until 2am!
4	Being from the south east part of Las Vegas, I thought this place was a far stretch.  But my friend told me it was worth it, so I decided to give it a try.  Boy was he right, the interior design gives off a warm and cozy vibe and the people here are really nice.  Although I did wish our dishes all came out the same time, the atmosphere of it was great.  Since I was a first timer, I didn't know what to order and so I turned to yelp for some help. I ordered the:- Naked pizza - this was delicious, I tried forever to figure out what the dough was. It tasted like crunchy rice with something to hold it together.  All I know is that it was good. It's a definite must if you're here.- Yuzu Salmon - OHHHHH BOOOYYY! This dish made my night!  The rightly sliced salmon placed with onions and some other sauces that complimented the texture of the salmon. WOW! I would definitely order this again! It was my favorite out of the whole dishes.  Nzu Mussels - It was action packed and delicious, but it's nothing I haven't tasted before.  The shredded crab was a good compliment to the mussels, along with the bonito shavings.  Hamburger Steak w/ teriyaki sauce - It was an ok dish, a little too much on the sweet side.  Probably not something I'd order again.Japanese Lasagna Roll - I'm not a big fan of baked rolls, just because the rice always comes out a little too soggy.  911 Roll - It was good, but nothing specialWasu Beef Kushi - OMG! The meat for this was so tender and juicy, it felt like an explosion of goods in my mouth.  Although it's only one skewer, it's well worth it to try it once.  The menu is small, and a little on the pricey side but the dishes are delicious and have flavor.  I'd probably return here to try out some other dishes, I wish they'd extend there menu.  Not unless they have a secret menu no one's telling me about?
5	Roughly a year ago I began to search for a 'Sushi Spot' that my girlfriend and I could attend on a regular basis that we are comfortable with. After  trying several places within our area, Naked Fish clearly wins. We have been frequent guests for close to 6 months and have not attended any other sushi bar. I am proud to call Naked Fish my 'personal spot'. It is very intimate and small, which allows the service to be 5 star. The quality of the sushi is perfect and the presentation is appealing. The happy hour special (check website for latest times) is a great deal. My favorite deal is the lunch specials (weekdays 11am - 3pm). They have several different combos, but the one I get includes: Miso soup, salad, and 2 rolls for $8.95. I highly recommend this place - I have been there 10+ times and have yet to have a bad experience.
5	This place is a real treat for fish lovers... sushi nigiri that is.Went here about a year ago and decided we needed to go back again and take some friends.Their rolls are really good and we loved every one that we ordered...especially GT-R... but you go here for the raw fish.They get fresh almost everyday and their menu board changes so you need to pay attention.The Kampachi last night was fabulous.... melt in your mouth like butter.The Aji (I can't remember the whole name)... white fish with a bit of pink on the edge and silver skin... was amazing.  Meaty and firm... not oily or fishy.And the Dynamite appetizer....is ... Dy-No-Mite!  The shredded smoked seaweed on top was an excellent addition that added another dimension to the taste profile.And if you're a Ginger lover like we are.... Best Ginger!  Fresh, sweet, crunchy and juicy.  We ordered a bunch of items and had beer to boot so our total bill was $164 for 4 people. Yes, a bit pricey but we had a great time.Note:  it's in a strip mall next to PTs... and it's a small place....so if you have a big group of more than 6 people definitely call ahead.
5	Love this place. Great, delicious, fresh fish. Did not have a single thing I didn't enjoy! Everyone is right about the spicy tuna. Highly recommended! I really like this place, its awesome!
2	After reading so many great reviews I was excited to try this place, we passed by it a hundred times because it shares the shopping plaza with our favorite Chicago-style pizza place, Amore. We dined in on a week night, we were told booths were reserved but we had our choice of table. We got seated and looked over the menu, we narrowed down our selections and waited, and waited, and waited for someone to take our order.Finally, our server appeared, we wanted a few rolls: Kiss Me, Lisa Lisa, and WSOP.  She told us not to choose Kiss Me, she says many don't like it. She suggested GT-R, instead. Fine by us, our diet cokes were soon delivered. They had an odd taste, like peppermint or something. Our rolls arrived and we dug in, it was only the WSOP roll we were fond of, it had yellowtail and jalapeno. We were still hungry, but we asked for the check, we were put-off by this point. Our total was $40 for two drinks and three rolls. The rolls were not worth $12.50, pricey, especially to leave hungry... I'll stick to Hokaido Sushi, it's closer to home, tastier and a better value. I paid the tab, and my husband placed an order for a pizza. So, we did not go hungry, but it was an expensive appetizer.
3	Not sure if this is a fair review since I didn't really eat a full meal.  We did take-out for a light midnight snack.  I order the sashimi dinner.  You have the option of ordering 7 or 14 pieces of sashimi (it's $25 for the 14 pieces).  I thought the price was fair.  It came with miso soup and rice.  I thought the fish was pretty fresh, for Vegas at least.  I rather have this than AYCE here in Vegas.My boyfriend ordered just philly rolls, and he really like them.  He compared it to the philly rolls from an AYCE place we went to the following day, and prefers this one a lot more.  It's smaller in size, which I think sushi should be (bite size) and much fresher in quality.I've been to this place before when it first opened, but I don't really remember much of it.  Hope to give it another try later on.
4	Great ServiceGreat food.try the hot lasagna, 911 if you like spicyHappy Hour is at it's best 10pm-2am.. they also have an earlier happy hour at an earlier time.been here 3-4 times
5	LOVED this place.  Our waitress was the sweetest girl I've ever had as a waitress in my decade or so of patronizing restaurants.  We arrived early enough for a few happy hour specials (happy hour M-Th is 2-6pm, I believe.  I know for sure it ends at 6, at least.)- so we ordered 3 carafes of sake for $4.50 each along with some discounted rolls.  Good deal!  Our waitress then brought out the huge magnums of sake along with the carafes and separate glasses for each type of sake.  They take their sake seriously here!  Apparently, they also take their soy sauce seriously since our waitress made a point to tell us that it was house made.We also ordered omekase sashimi B, our sweet waitress asked us if we also wanted the miso soup and maybe some rice with that?  I have NEVER been asked in a sushi restaurant if I wanted rice along with my sashimi and have always had to ask for it.  But not here, it was offered.  Man, my husband and I were so impressed.  To top it all off, maybe it was because we caught the tail end of happy hour, but the entire over-the-top meal of 3 carafes of sake, 3 rolls, and an omekase platter, came out to less than $100 bucks.  This place has been permanently bookmarked in this household as our go-to sushi place in Las Vegas now.
5	Naked Fish has the BEST quality sushi!Now before I go on and give my review of this restaurant, let me tell you that I've been to a lot of expensive restaurants.. where having good quality fish is a must. I've been to Yellowtail at the Bellagio, I've been to Nobu at the Hard Rock, and I've even been to Morimoto's in New York. After spending hundreds of dollars at all these other restaurants, I must say.. I would have rather gone to Naked Fish for sushi.\When:The first time I came here, I was with my boyfriend and his brother (who was visiting Las Vegas from Orlando). My boyfriend plays poker for a living, and this restaurant came up in conversation many times when he would be playing.. so we just had to give this place a try. We came here on a Sunday night around 10pm.Where: This place is a little far from the strip and from where I live (Henderson); however, it's well worth the drive. When walking in; the restaurant  was smaller than what I was imagining. The place was a little busy, and we had to wait 5 minutes to be seated. We were seated in one of the booths near the windows.. from our table you could see the entire strip. The view was beautiful.Who:Service here is just okay in my opinion. It may have been the fact that we were all super hungry, but it seemed as though it took FOREVER to get our food. However, the 2nd time I've been here.. the wait wasn't that long. There were also times when we had to ask for our drinks to be refilled. What:Yuzu Salmon (Appetizer): This is definitely a MUST whenever I go here. The salmon is soooo tender and just melts in your mouth; and the flavor compliments the fish just sooooo well. I urge anyone to give this a try.. I give you my word that you will not be disappointed.Yellowtail, Albacore, & Red Snapper Nigiri: I just LOVE these.. they are all so fresh and tender.. I LOVE LOVE LOVE these.Spicy Tuna Roll: We ordered this because they serve it on the Happy Hour menu.. this is definitely the best spicy tuna I've had. The texture of the spicy tuna is just right, and it's not TOO spicy. Price:As I mentioned earlier, the prices for their sushi is only a fraction of what you would pay at a fine dining restaurant. For 3 people, we paid around 70 dollars for everything. Yes, some may consider that expensive given the fact that everything is a la carte and not an AYCE place.. However; the quality of fish is on par with any fine dining sushi place. You will NOT find this quality of fish anywhere that serves AYCE sushi. This place serves high quality fish for just a fraction of the price. Yes, most people would prefer an AYCE place and get the most for their money.. However, I prefer quality over quantityWhy... I would definitely be back.Naked Fish's quality is top notch.. and I'm also glad they are open late everyday (2am).. it's soooo hard to satisfy my sushi cravings late at night. But now I've found the perfect place. Anytime I want sushi, this is my go to place.
5	Hands down best sushi in LV. I've been around the city trying other sushi restaurants to see if they up to par- and they aren't.Here's a list of why.1. The fish is fresh.2. The staff is amazing!3. The menu is very well thought out.4. There is a great view of Las Vegas5. I have NEVER had anything from Naked Fish I did not like.I am a very picky eater. Like I said in my quick tip- I don't live on this side of town, but will make the drive. It's worth it.
4	Excellent FISH!! Small homey place. Very fresh, obviously high volume, our waitress and mist of the help were actually Japanese, and so were many of the customers! On the advice of our cute waitress, Sayo, said they were just flown in, tried two new-to-me nigiris and LOVED EM: Spanish Mackerel (was not salty or fishy AT ALL like mackerel I've had b4), and Striped Jack (awesome, smooth, melts in your mouth)!The only reason I did not give it a 5 stars was the fish portions and rolls were a little on the small side, and nobody was really naked! Well, only the fish. Still, I would come again 4 sure!
5	Finally...Kuge will give is FIRST...5 star review.Prior to moving to Las Vegas, Kuge hasn't had sushi one time in his life.  Luckily with a few wise friends of his, he soon discovered the beautiful world of sushi.  And the first place Kuge at at, was Naked Fish.  And after a year+ of trying different places/kinds of sushi establishments.  Naked Fish by far Kuge's overall best sushi experience.Not one time has Kuge experienced crappy service.  The service is great, fast, friendly, and are willing to make sure you leave happy.The overall value you get from the sushi is superb, the price is affordable, the fish is fresh and sushi is great.  The Great One cannot recall eating a anything he completely didn't like from them.  It's a nice location and so calming to be there.The happy hour special's are great and for Kuge that is the icing on top of the cake.Naked Fish deserves 5 People's Eyebrows of out 5......If ya SMELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL...what kuge...Is reviewin
4	Great Variety and Value.Naked Fish is an intimate Spring Valley sushi stop worth the trip if you're not in the area.  I like Naked Fish for the fresh variety of interesting seafare, and it's somewhat lower prices.  The menu is always changing to reflect what is fresh.  This is what separates Naked Fish from many other sushi restaurants.  In addition to the higher quality and fresh variety, the prices aren't as high as you would find at a few other notable sushi places in the valley.  Here's my order:Shigoku Oysters -  Two fresh japanese oysters, served with some garlic, scallions, and soy sauce (I believe).  The oysters were a bit more firm than ones you would find from the east coast, but a nice mild flavor.  I thought some of the flavors the oyster was served with came off muddled, I would have rather tasted the oyster au natural.Rounin Aji -  This Japanese Sea Bass was delicate and delicious.  It had a fuller flavor of the ocean than some other sea bass I've had, and was quite nice.Sashimi A Combo -  Tuna, Salmon, Hamachi.  Nice presentation, but the sashimi was sliced a bit thick for my preference.  I think thinner cuts would also aid in the presentation.  Regardless, the high quality was evident in each piece.Spicy Tuna Handroll -  Well balanced with reasonable heat.  A very good handrail.The rolls on the menu looked good, I would come back and try a few.  They also have some happy hours, check out some of the other great reviews to get info on those.
5	I'm pretty sure there is a Yelp conspiracy and my reviews keep getting deleted. Either that or I drink far too much and just forget which places I have reviewed and which I "thought" I reviewed.This place deserves 5 stars partially because of their food, partially because of their great reverse happy hour and cheap lunch specials, and partially because of their service.Service at Naked Fish always sticks out because of the extra mile attention to detail that each server gives. Most of them know our orders before we even make it and this is even after not eating there for 1-2 months.The sushi here is always fresh and the rolls are creative and delicious. I used to have a problem with the way their sashimi was priced but they have since fixed that. If you are looking for cheap sushi you should definitely try their lunch specials where you can have 3 rolls for under $20 and this includes most of their most expensive rolls. They just included a lunch special where you get 21 pieces of sashimi for $21. Holy Sushi Coma!
4	Quality sushi...good service. Price was a bit high but I will definately be back!!!
4	Naked Fish would get 5 stars if the service was better.  On busy weekend nights expect to wait for a table if you're a walk-in cause they do reservations and  it's sad standing there and staring at an empty table someone else already reserved.  Another thing would be that food comes out pretty slow. Even when they're not busy food comes out slow so forget about it on weekend nights. Order all of your sushi quickly and tell the waitress to bring what ever is ready or else you have to wait until they cut up everything and that takes even longer. Besides that the sushi is very high quality and they give you nice thick slices of fish. Never had any complaints about the sushi.Things to try other than sushi:Rolls are really good too especially dejavu and their lobster roll is GREAT. Salmon Skin Salad: lots of crispy skin with fresh veggiesRed bean  ice cream. Best one in vegas
4	If you're a fan of spicy flavorful sushi, they've got a great variety of sushi that'll *really* give a kick to your taste buds. They have a unique assortment of sake as well, which was different from the traditional sake often found in other sushi places. The presentation of their sushi on their plates really adds to your appetite and knowing that you are about to devour some pretty damn good sushi. I sat in dining the last time, so I'm not sure how the service is at the bar. The service was alright, perhaps I'll write a better detailed review the next time I'm there. First impressions? Not bad!
4	Came here on a whim with my boyfriend one night. It was pretty good and the fish was so fresh, I didn't even feel like I was eating fish! It was pretty good but it's not my favorite sushi place ever.
4	Back again =)    same o Same o  ... Japanese hot lasagna, pink slip, spicy tuna ... nom nom nom...The bday dessert is SOOOO Goood!!
5	Our fav sushi joint in las Vegas. The soft shell salad and the naked Twinkie roll are the best.
5	I'm on a scavenger hunt to find the best sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  This one is definitely a gem!  The only thing I wish is that this place offered an AYCE menu.  I've only tried a few things, but so far I'm loving it.  I had the Lisa Lisa roll which was absolutely delicious.  I had the Salmon/Sake sushi which tasted fresh and perfect.  I tried another roll but unfortunately I cannot remember the name but remember that it was really good.I have yet to try and come back for more.  The prices aren't too bad either for a la carte.  See you soon Naked Fish's!
4	A very satisfying sushi experience at a fair price! The atmosphere is quite casual and comfortable with cozy tables and booths and a petite sushi bar with five or six seats. The staff is very friendly and accommodating, they won't brow beat you if your party decides to hang out and drink for a few hours. I have only tried the sushi and appetizers, which are both quite good with fresh fish and creative preparations. Our fav roll is the Tiger&Dragon which consists of a shrimp tempura roll covered with spicy tuna AND unagi(eel). I would quickly and heartily recommend Naked for a weekly date night spot, or to even try once while visiting Vegas with friends.
3	Naked Fish is one of the top sushi restaurants in the SW part of Las Vegas, based on the Yelp reviews and recommendations from fellow foodie friends.  I recently went to check out their food during their late night Happy Hour (starts at 10pm until they close). And when I arrived just after 10 pm on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was at packed.  The wait was estimated at 5 minutes for the sushi bar, in reality it was actually longer, but I thought it was worth it.Lobster Roll is the feature HH roll of the week, so I gave that a try, along with Tiger Roll, 911 Roll, and Garlic JP Lasagna Roll.  The Lobster Roll was a little disappointing for me, as what I had imagined from reading the description and the actual roll that was served was not the same. I was thinking fresh lobster, but all the lobster are tempura fried.  The Tiger Roll and 911 Roll are my two favorite, and if I really have to be picky, I would say that the chefs may go a little crazy saucing the plate with eel sauce.  The Garlic JP Lasagna Roll was good, and was not served drowning in broiled mayo like at some lesser sushi restaurants in town.Service was good, and I didn't have to ask for refills in spite of how busy the restaurant was.Anyway, Naked Fish is recommended overall as a restaurant.  As far as their HH menu, it is basically $2 off their selection of rolls, so if you want nigiri as part of the HH discount, there are other places to try if that is a deal breaker.
4	Naked Fish.........................delicious.Lets try to keep this plain and simple. It is one of the greatest sushi restaurants for a fairly decent price. The place is quite small, the ambiance of the restaurant is quite nice, the service is quite good, and the food...excellent. It will not disappoint you. Try it :)
5	Top sushi restaurant in Vegas! Im a regular @ this place and some of the waitresses already have our order memorized so when we get there the service is excellent. Some great choices: Starters(miso is good) and also Salmon nigri always comes out fresh. If you like spicy/hot fo shizzle my nizzle lol yes thats its name :) is excellent. Its jalapenos stuffed crab order it asap it takes a while for them to cook it and usually is one of the last things to come out. Great Rolls: *Lisa Lisa Roll(Sweet Crunch) *911(its not as spicy as ppl say) *GT-R(my favorite if you like Tangy Spicy this is a winner)*Cat Eye Roll if you like rolls with Salmon Avacado + Crunch (if you want it a little more tasty add eel sauce)Also Ultimate Naked (Shrimp tempura Roll)if you like eel get the TIGER DRAGON ROLL!
5	Tried it for lunch special after school one day...do not regret it! freakin fabulous.I got this bento lunch special for $8-9. It had a whole california roll, mixed tempura, gyoza, teriyaki chicken, small salad, big pile of rice, and miso soup. It was delicious and I can't believe I ate the whole thing. I can't wait to return.lunch special I believe, is 11am-3pm.
4	Was in a sushi mood, but wasn't sure where to find good stuff at decent price. I was yelping and happened upon this place. We pull up, it's a simple location in a strip mall. Fairly intimate location, not what I would call small, because it doesn't feel small, just more like cozy. Service is very good, willing to help you out or suggest things to try. They do have specials as well, but we didn't try them out. We opted for a couple of different rolls, plus this Lobster tempura salad thing with this amazingly flavorful and spicy dressing. It was fantastic, although the mouth numbness took over after a while, but damn it was so full of flavor, and the lobster was super fresh and tender. Prices are very reasonable and the fish was very fresh tasting. They also have a very small bar in the back, room for 5 people or so. Very nice experience, would definitely go back.
2	Was disappointed. Was alright and service was great but sushi was mediocre. The presentation was nice but the rolls were small and quality of fish left something to be desired.  It is a cute little place though if your in the neighborhood.
4	Pretty bomb, try the pizza thing they have... awesome...
4	Sushi off the strip is pretty commonplace in Vegas though you never know what you'll get once you get to a sushi restaurant. Naked Fish's was a great surprise to us.We had great service that was incredibly friendly. We started off with the Screaming Orgasm salad (an ahi tuna over some fresh greens and a vinagrette dressing), which is not on the menu. That was great and then we had a bunch of nigiri sushi and rolls. Everything was fresh and excellent but the thing that really got us to rave "this is REALLY good!" was the Japanese Lasagna. Wow, we could not get enough of that - very addicting.My only regret?  My 4 year old daughter (who LOVES sushi rolls) was so tired from the day's events that she ended up sleeping through all of dinner and missed out. My 7 year old son, however, thought the rolls he had were delicious.Even better, since my son is allergic to cow's milk, they had a mango sorbet. It was a bit pricey for a sorbet but it was actually frozen inside half of a mango skin and was quite plentiful. Turns out that they get the sorbet imported in from Italy already packed into the mango skin. My son was in heaven!When we are in Vegas again, we are certainly going to be hitting Naked Fish's again!  We are already recommending it to our friends who are visiting Vegas too.
5	Made the drive and went in this past weekend and it was the same as I remembered it.  Divine.  Still my #1 pick for sushi in Las Vegas.The Age Nasu is a really good fried tofu in a broth- only $2!One of my favorite rolls is the GTR roll, the gyoza is good, the soft shell crab salad and the poke salads are both yummy, we had an entire plate of just sushi sashimi - it was buttery, fresh and deelish.  My favorite nigiri is the garlic tuna and hamachi.They also have a nice selection of sake.I've had sushi in San Francisco and New York and this place is just is as good as sushi in these two culinary monster cities.  Absolutely fantastic.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant inVegas. I've been to several and this one is my favorite. It's very authentic. The decor is nice. Open till 2am. Japanese chefs. It is a favorite of Phil Ivey and other poker players. MUST try it. Their rolls are orgasmic.
5	Sushi places are a dime a dozen, and easily fit into a 1, 3, or 5 star rating system. Its rare (pun acknowledged but unintended) that a sushi place gets rated as 2 or 4 stars, and with this approach I came here for an early dinner with an hour to spare before a flight. *Food*:: solid - had the Philadelphia, Sunset, Deja Vu, and Lisa Lisa rolls, all of which were fresh, delicious, and highly recommended. *Service*:: effective - we told them that we were hungry and in a hurry, and our orders came out fast. Couldn't ask for more (or less). *Cost*:: perfect - with two happy hour rolls and two regular ones, free bottomless green iced teas (traditional, great), we paid less than $40 with tip. Extra points for being open before 5pm (Sen of Japan was our original destination but it was - fortunately - closed until 5pm). We lucked out with Naked Fish's, and you should too.
5	Don't let the hole-in-the-wall restaurant keep you away! I LOVE this place. The japanese lasagna roll is amazing. A must try! Great prices too.
4	Time to break the writer's block and put out a few reviews on Yelp!Allow me to start with my fantastic experience on Monday night at Naked Fish... Naked fish has a terrific happy hour from 10pm - 2am with about six sushi rolls and two sake's at over a 50% discount!  Immediately after arriving my girlfriend and I were seated in the dining room, which, one could characterize as cozy.  It's fittingly dim and restricted to certain number of tables that are accompanied by the wonderful sushi bar.  I've always found it entertaining to watch sushi chefs whip together the splendid rolls I so so crave.The sushi chefs at Naked work quickly and precisely in every roll they make and the servers and wait staff are friendly and knowledgable.  Needless to say after my fifth roll and third order of sake I was satisfied and pleased with the entire experience.  Along the walls of this particular restaurant the signed photos of every Cirque De Soli show are displayed.  I was told by fellow co-workers the entertainers in those show frequent this wonderful Sushi restaurant.  I guess I can fully say I share their feelings and look forward to my return visits.
2	After spending several hours on-line scoping out sushi spots to celebrate my son's graduation after 9pm on a Tuesday. I picked this spot because it was open late (til 2am), had good reviews and sounded "family friendly". I was a bit disappointed.  The food was just so-so. I've had better sushi. It was fresh enough but completely unremarkable. There was lots of differently named rolls. But, we ordered two of the spiciest rolls on the menu (marked by 4 & 5 chili icons) and had to add extra wasabi & ginger just to get a little heat. We even asked the server (who never told us her name) to kick up the heat on the 2nd round - still only worth 2 chillies. The drinks were kinda tasty thought; we got Shiso Mojitos in very small champagne glasses for 3 and half bucks. So that was cool.The service was sllllllllow. The server was nice enough (although she made some comment like monkey-see-monkey-do that really rubbed my brother the wrong way). We ordered several rolls the 1st round (about 8). They came out about two at a time with about 10 mins. between each set. So we remained hungry the entire night. Maybe this was the plan for us to order more rolls. But with 7 adults at the table, we'd each have a piece of roll and have to wait for more food to come out. It was frustrating.The seating was just horrible. We reserved for a party of ten. The whole restaurant seemed as if it would only seat 50. In order to get food into the main dining area, the server has to pass in front of the restaurant's entry door. This "restaurant" is more of a cafe'. If everyone that we wanted to share in this occasion came with us, the restaurant would not have held everyone. If they have a party of more than ten, I am pretty sure they'd have to close the restaurant to other guests.The best part of the evening was the end. My son got a free ice-cream desert for being the graduate. The gratuity was not added in, so we could appropriate an adequate tip-to-service ratio. And the bill for the whole affair was still under $200.So if you want an inexpensive sushi meal, this is a good place for it. But I wouldn't go out of my way and make plans to go here. It's a good drop-in-on-the-way-to spot but nothing spectacular.
3	So i decided to try this place since I have heard so many people tell me about it. Well the place is small and intimate which I really loved but it wasn't everything that I suspected it would be. The service was just so so. The rolls were very good but the presentation was just blah. I had two rolls, miso soup, a drink and endamame. The edamame was way over cooked and that is seriously the simpliest thing to make- its just blanched soy beans. Anywho- the one of the rolls I ordered had bay scallops inside which had some kind of mint inside which added to the flavor. If created a nice woodsy/citrusy flavor that was a great addition. But my cousin ordered the spring rolls which had this same mint and some kind of other flavor that was so overbearing it destroyed the simple an light flavors that are so familiar in a fresh spring roll. The sauce on the dejavu roll was phenomenal. All in all a good place but not exceptionally great.
5	1. Rapongi2. GTR3. WSOP4. Tiger Dragon5. The sauteed mushroom medley (tons of mushrooms)Just a few of my faves at this awesome place.  Love the hours.
5	Fantastic!Thanks Yelp for turning me on to Naked Fish!Loved it, get the pizza, crazy good.  Going again next weekend!
4	One of the best in Vegas, second only to Sen for sushi imo. Atmosphere was good, service was mediocre if not a little slow, but the sushi was killer. Great rolls, perfect nigiri, yummy cocktails. And absolutely the best value for sushi I've had anywhere. So stinking cheap considering how great everything was.
2	The sushi chefs were very cool. I ordered two of their rolls on their happy hour menu - very average. No better than any other sushi place in Vegas. Two rolls, happy hour, still $20? AYCE runs $24-29 around the city, so why go roll-a-la-carte? Makes no sen$e. That's not a happy Happy Hour. :-(
5	Even though its all the way across town from us we love going to Naked Fish's. Our favorite is the happy hour specials because late night is when we like going out anyway. We have also been there for the lunch specials and those are definitely worth checking out as well.My favorite items here are the 911 roll, garlic japanese lasagna (in a class of its own compared to other sushi places), and the crispy sushi. The sushi chefs as well as the waitresses are all really nice and have never had an experience here that wasn't great.
4	great atmosphere. good food. looong wait.
5	This place is so charming. I love the staff they are adorable. And food is da BOMB!!!!
5	Outstanding all around. We came as a party of 8 with reservations and were immediately seated. We asked our waitress, Wanda to order for us. She started us out with some sashimi platters, one of which was albacore with a citrus sauce that melted in your mouth like butter! The others were equally as excellent, such as yellow tail in a ponzu sauce topped with green onions and jalapenos. She followed up with some awesome rolls, 3 of which I can't get out of my mind... Sun Devil, Sunset and Roppongi! One of our party was allergic to salmon and Wanda took special care to point out which rolls she should avoid. We ended our feast with mango and green tea Mochi, and it appeared to be homemade... (not the Mochi you can get in the grocery). Interior is pleasant... with a relaxed atmosphere. Certainly not opulent if that is what your looking for... but we all raved  that it was quite possible  we just ate the best sushi we had ever had!
4	Love this place. Food quality is excellent.  My favorites are the WSOP roll, yellowtail jalapeno, and udon. Fish is fresh. Gave them 4 stars for good food. they lost one star due to the fact that it took them 25 mins to bring me my to go box and my check.  Restaurant was not busy at that time. They just need to check on their guests at least 3 times: one for order, two when food comes out and if we need anything else, three if anything else we want or are we ready for check.   Checking on us every 6 mins was annoying while we eat, and completely ignored us after we were done eating was not cool.  So everytime i come there, i always ask for check when I get my food cuz I know they ignore me after that.
5	I love Naked Fish's!  The staff always makes us feel welcome and the food is amazing!  We always go for happy hour between 10pm and 2 am.  (They have another one during the day but I'm not sure what the times are.)  The rolls are already decently priced but are even better during their special times.  My favorites include:  the tiger roll, lobster roll, kiss me roll, spider roll, and the 911 roll.  I recommend all of these, especially the 911, I order that everytime!
5	Big fan of Naked Fish! Me boyfriend and I have been going there since 08'. Our favorites are the GT-R, zero tiger is the bomb, 911 roll is pretty good.. I love their ginger- orange salad dressing very fresh and tasteful. I sometimes order their grilled squid my boo not a big fan of squid but he likes it! Overall the food is excellent  as well as the service! My drinks are never empty since 08' and the flavor is consistent!! Love it!
1	I came here with 5 of my friends and we were all unsatisfied with this place. I don't know why so many people rave about this place it's probably because a lot of well known poker players eat here but who really cares about that? The portions are SO SMALL and I'm a small girl only 93 pounds at 5'2 so if I say the portions are small then you know there is something wrong. The sushi is overpriced especially because even though the fish is fresh I've had fresher sushi at other places at a better price. The waitresses were horrible and there were 3 of them standing there doing nothing. They even forgot one of our orders so we just canceled it which was probably a good idea since the sushi wasn't really worth waiting for or for the price. The happy hour isn't anything special and isn't worth a trip there just for that. I think this place is so overrated!BTW after we left Naked Fish we actually went to Wendy's after because our hunger was not satisfied. I should have went to Wendy's first and just skipped Naked Fish from the beginning!
5	Why I love Naked Sushi: A ReviewBy Jessica M.Naked Sushi, you complete me. Our love affair begin in March for my BFFs birthday. We got there at 10PM (when Happy Hour starts). We order a bunch of different apps that were so reasonably priced. I'll admit, I was nervous with the prices, but Naked Fish, you did not disappoint.There are several rolls on their Happy Hour menu, some as cheap as $3! Re-DONK-ulous and the most expensive is around $7. Not. Shabby. At. All. The restuarant is small, dimly lit, and intimate. (Last I checked there was a breif close for remodeling)The sushi chefs are willing to accomidate any request. I've even created rolls all of my own and they have accomidated.The green tea isn't that great, they use matcha powder, similar to what we used for green tea frappuccinos at Starbucks.This place hits the spot after a night of drinking and dancing. They are open until 2 AM. And they are just as friendly and accomidating to guests at 1 AM as they are at 7 PM.All in all, Naked Fish, is the business. Definitely check it out if you are in the neighborhood. It's yum to the yum yum yummy!
5	I was wildly impressed with the OFF STRIP food on this trip to Vegas! This place is AUTHENTIC!! Most of the staff while I was there were speaking Japanese. I sat down and asked my waitress to send out what the chefs thought best. We ended up with one of the most extrordinary sushi dinners I've had anywhere...and I spend a lot of time eating in LA and Vegas. This place is open late, the staff is friendly and they have good drink specials as well! My advice, wander away from the Strip and eat like a local. Not only will you find some amazing food, you will save big bucks!
2	Well............The fish is fresh. The servers are pleasant, however take extremely long to get your drinks and let your sushi sit ready for about 10 minutes  at the bar before being brought to you. We had a party of 4, and all ordered our individual rolls; however they were not served at the same time. I was the last to get my food and everyone else was done eating. To top it off, the rolls were small, really small. If you have time to kill, go here. If you like small rolls, go here. I'd say the only good thing about this place is that it does taste good and the fish is fresh. That's it. I don't understand the hype about this place.
5	We have been going to NF since we have moved to Las Vegas from California almost 5 years ago. They have a great staff  Wanda is one of my favorites, always greets me by name with a smile. The sushi is always fresh once I was going to eat there and they had closed the restraurnt due to a poor quality shipment tuna. That is what I call quality control. The restraurnt has recently reopened from a long remodeling shutdown which makes the place more spacious. since then they have been closed from lunch :-(  sad but it seems like there going for a bit more of and upper class feel. I recommend you try: the Gyozas, any of there tempura,  zero tiger roll ( light with some spice), 911 roll (spicy), futomaki ( big roll with a mix),  spicy tuna ( the best way to make a classic).In every way Naked fish's is the people's sushi restraurnt The prices are reasonable the food is good.
5	Naked Fish's, you have ruined me for other sushi restaurants.  I started coming here late 2007, and I'm sorry it took so long to get out this review.  I turn down invitations to other places because I know for a fact that I will end up let down and angry that I didn't just spend my money and get a fantastic meal at NF.  The atmosphere, service and food are all superb.Recommendations: 1) Deep Fried Gyoza- comes with a tasty sauce2) Spicy Tuna Roll- it's a simple roll, but most other places use way too much green onion.  This is perfection.3) Futomaki- a big roll with a mix of tamago (sweet egg), crab stick, mushroom, and a green vegetable4) Zero Tiger Roll- sweet shrimp, avocado, soy paper and tempura shrimp.  I don't normally like avocado, but this is my absolute favorite roll on the menu.5) Dark Circle- spicy tuna, avocado, eel sauce, deep fried6) Kamikaze- spicy tuna, unagi, eel sauce, avocado7) Any of the classic Japanese rolls: flying fish eggs, salmon roe, oshinko, octopus, etc.8) Udon bowls are also great.
5	Just visited while on Honeymoon in Vegas. Everyone here greets you as you walk in and as you leave. Very friendly service. The atmosphere was great. My wife and I loved how quiet and intimate it was. The sushi was amazing. I'm not as daring as my wife, so I stayed with my staple spicy salmon. It was very fresh and had so much flavor. My wife had a spicy tuna and the dejavu roll. She was more than thrilled with her selection. The prices were pretty decent as well and we ended up full. This was an amazing dinner. We were glad to have found it on yelp.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!  I have converted half a dozen friends who claimed to hate sushi by taking them here.  It is by far the best sushi restaurant I've eaten at for the price.  The only meal I've had which was better cost me $500 a head in NYC vs the $35 I paid here.  I highly recommend it.
4	My favorite sushi place that does not do all you can eat.. I always order the rock n roll #2 every time. It hits the spot too, every time. Prices aren't too bad either, considering they just increased them after they renovated the place. I still frequent this place though, mainly because the rolls are so good.I dont know about their sashimi/nigiri, because I think the prices are way too steep for 2 pcs of nigiri. I'd just go to an AYCE spot to get my fix of that.
5	Beep boop Vegas-bot errorrrr errorrrr, cannot compute, cannot compute.Seriously, how on earth is is possible to get top of the line sushi... in the middle of the desert. Naked Fish puts coastal sushi restaurants to shame. I don't know how they do it, but they have some how managed to provide a great sushi experience without a natural body of water in sight.We were on the tail end of a road trip when we decided to make a Vegas detour and being the sushi-monsters that we are sushi was on the brain. Yelped and found Naked Fish.Went in, nice atmosphere, dark wooded and cosy. We ordered the Naked Crab for appetiser, which was very nice. We then proceeded to order 2 rolls and then a third. For the first two we had the GTR, spicy tuna and shrimp tempura together is always a hit, and then the Kamikaze, which I loved as I'm an eel fan. For our third, Deja Vu, spicy salmon, with salmon on top of it, super salmon all around.I really don't know if sushi can get any better in Vegas. I really want to find out, but this place was great by any standard.
5	Naked fish, you never disappoint! The restaurant was renovated so its not quite as cozy and homey, but there is more space. The food and presenation, as always, is spectacular and I love the customer service. Rock n' Roll is the best dish here! ( but only according to my tastes...)
5	Stopped in last night with a local friend and his wife, at his enthusiastic suggestion, he was not wrong! Customer service is top notch, made to feel like a long time regular customer on my first visit. The quality of the food is outstanding, some of the freshest, best prepared fish I have eaten (and I have eaten lots of sushi all over the country!).When we walked in the door the chef was prepping Ankimo, it was like butter! Also had the best Uni and Hamachi Kama I've eaten. I didn't even look at the rolls on the menu, with sashimi this fresh who needs rolls!To make things even better, their prices are fantastic as well!I can't wait for my next  job in vegas now just so I can go back to Naked Fish!
5	I love the tempura mushroom. Naked Fish's Sushi's food is great, service is good and price is reasonable.
4	Sooo Im pretty sure that the cirque de soliel crew brings in about 90% of the Naked Fish business.  Just in case your stalking one of the crew dancers....chances are you will probably find them here.  First things first...amazing sake selection.  Im always looking for "Himezen" they have it here.  im in love!  great original dishes and my traditional favorites.  huge in las vegas, since anything original is this city is almost impossible to find.
2	This was our 2nd time here in 2 years.. The 1st time we really enjoyed ourselves, this time not so Much! We were seated at 5:55pm and our server came by to introduce herself and get our drinking order. She returned 10 minutes later at which point we asked about when the Happy Hour menu ends. Her response was at 6pm, sorry. (Boy thanks for the heads up when we sat down!)There were 4 of us, two adults and two kids, we were given 2 food menus and a drinks menu to use and a third food menu after we asked for another menu for our daughter. As we were discussing what we wanted to eat and drink we realized that the 3rd menu and the drinks menu were gone (they'd taken them without asking and before we had even ordered!)We ordered drinks, miso soup and a few rolls and and asked if they had fresh wasabe. The server answered of course!The soup came and was pretty good! Then the food came and I again asked for some fresh wasabe, answer, "of course". Ten minutes go by and most of the rolls were handled well by my wife and kids, I'm still waiting for the wasabe. I got her attention again and after another 5 got what was supposed to be fresh wasabe. I tried the wasabe with the two pieces remaining on the table. Nasty! It was 90% regular wasabe paste with 10% semi stale "fresh wasabe" mixed together.We ordered some more rolls and I asked for actual real fresh wasabe, "Pretty Please!".The items came but of course no fresh wasabe. 10 minutes later after having to ask again she brought what looked like paste but tasted a bit closer to what I was looking for. We ordered one more set of rolls including a rainbow roll with real crab meat as we were still hungry and after 30 minutes waiting and us telling the water lady to just cancel and bring us the check the rolls arrived. We needed to use a magnifying glass to find the real crab it was about 1/10th the size of the cucumber in the roll with sparse fish on top. We were still hungry, but annoyed so we asked for the check. They never asked if I wanted another beer and refilled our tea and water only once.The bill came to $155, including a $3 up charge for the minuscule snow crab substitute for imitation crab and $2.50 extra for the not so fresh wasabe.The food was OK, but we eat sushi at least monthly and have been to sushi restaurants all over Vegas, LA, San Diego, SF Bay Area, Hawaii, Florida, Australia, etc... Not even average by our experience!This will be our last time at Naked Fish. Sushi Tower just a few miles away is much better for less money and they know what fresh wasabe is.Other reviews: http://www.thelasvegasevent.com/?p=38988
4	Want to find a place that's away from the strip, has quality food and DIRT CHEAP?! Go to Naked Fish's between the hours of 10PM to 2AM.They have a happy hour during that time and it can't be beaten... Hands down the best place to go in LV ... you really get what you pay for... I've had every roll on their happy hour menu... it's cheap ($2 for sapparo or sake), delicious (kamikaze and lasagna roll are yum) and the service is great.  But the best thing hands down is the sea bass... now this isn't on their happy hour menu, but it's 100% worth it. It's a nice large piece of fish, marinated in a miso base... it's tender, juicy and melts in your mouth like butter. It's awesome.It's about 7 miles west of the strip off Flamingo and Durango but it's totally worth the trek out there. This place is friggin amazing. I absolutely love this place. Go Go Go!
5	This is a weekly tradition for two of my friends and last night I joined them.  Great sushi.  We did a variety of rolls and they were all good. A couple were very spicy.  I especially liked the Deja Vu since I love flying fish roe.   The Lisa Lisa, the Cat Eye and the Sun Devil were also very good!  There was another, but I don't remember the name.  We also started with Edamame and the waitress brought us each a sample of a new octopus salad that was really wonderful.  Great spot for late night sushi!
5	This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Actually, probably my favorite restaurant. It's one of those places that I definitely miss about living in Vegas. Naked Fish would be one of my absolute to go places once I visit. But yeah, let's talk about the food! One of my absolute favorite foods EVER is their miso glazed sea bass. It's pricey, so so worth it. The fish just melts in your mouth and the miso butter sauce is perfect with it. Their sushi rolls are great and super fresh. I also loved the soft shell crab salad. Finally, their tempura ice cream is a perfect ending to an awesome meal there. Also, the staff are really friendly and helpful!When I finally visit Vegas, I'll be stuffing my mouth with their awesome food and IT WILL BE WORTH IT.
4	We love this place.  We do miss the lunch hours though.  We have always had good service and sushi is great.  If they bring back lunch I would definately give them 5 stars.
5	I'll go ahead and say that this is my favorite sushi place in town. I rarely go during regular dinner hours, it's mostly a late night place for me although I have eaten here for lunch and dinner in the past. The late night specials start at 10pm and include a selection of rolls, some sushi, and sake specials. I usually sit at the sushi bar and the staff has always been very friendly and willing to help with anything I have questions about.If you like fish (of course you do, if you're thinking about going here) they do a really nice hamachi collar appetizer. It's not the most glamours cut of the fish, being basically the neck section, but the meat is juicy and delicious even though it takes a little work to get it out of the bone structure. Trust me, it's worth a try.The prices are affordable and the quality is top notch and they're open until 2AM. Love it!
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas! All you can eat is such a deal. The staff is wonderful. A hidden place from the tourists.
3	Our friends, who are long time Vegas locals, recommended this place for dinner.  I was happy to find it.  What a nice improvement from Vegas strip sushi dining.  Here's the scoop... ask for the spanish mackerel in whole fish.  They'll nigiri, sashimi and fry all the parts and it's only $20.  My only negative feedback is that the amaebi is overpriced at $7.50 per shrimp.  Oh, the place is small but cozy.  The four of us had a feast of a meal and drinks.  Total came up to $240 including tip.
3	The service is kind of slow.  The food is pretty good but the prices are kind of high.
5	Good!
5	Close to my mom's place and a promise via word-of-mouth of good Japanese food, my mother, beau and I came here. You never expect to have good, fresh sushi in Las Vegas, but this place had that, and more. Even while I am here in L.A., I am anticipating my next visit to Vegas to dine at Naked Fish with my mother again.Where do I begin? We did a tapas style effect - after all, sharing is caring: Hambaga Steak, Tonkatsu, Vegetable Tempura, Amaebi, Bluefin Fatty Toro, Miso Butter Seabass, and the Lisa Lisa Roll. I missed out on the Oysters and Mirugai! Unfortunately this place is fresh enough that they run out of their stuff! Which is a DEFINITE good sign.I could write a long review on the decadence of this place, but what really stood out for me, was the Toro. It melted in my mouth, not quite the way it did at Tsukiji fish market, but as much as I can hope for Stateside. And the Miso Butter Seabass: My beau is allergic to seafood, noteably fish, but he tore it up. It was so fresh that it did not affect him (Nor did the Toro). In fact, he loved it so much, he pounded it out, absorbing everything, and said that it was quite possibly one of the BEST things he's ever had in his mouth.I cannot wait to come here again!It is also very affordable, legit Japanese food. WOWZA. Who would of thought, Vegas would have this ULTIMATE nook!.
4	Fish is always fresh.  Ask the sushi chef for freshest fish and let them give you what they recommended.  Not cheap, but worth it.
3	This review is for the late night happy hour menu, so be forewarned.  I like the fact that they do offer this, as I'm not always able to get to a normal happy hour due to classes or meetings.  The menu offers a decent spread of both sushi rolls and appetizers, as well as drink specials.  The sushi rolls are fine, however some of them are very similar.  Also, I wish that they would use real crab and not imitation in their rolls, but since they don't claim to use real crab I'm not going to dock them a star.I sat at the sushi bar, and service was prompt and they were good about keeping my drink filled without asking which was nice.  The sushi chefs, when not busy, were happy to chat away.  Overall, a fine place for when you have late night sushi cravings but don't want to do all you can eat.
5	Been going here for 4 years and never disappointed!! Their rolls are incredible and fairly priced. The staff are all polite, and welcoming. You will not be disappointed in your dining experience with Naked Fish!
4	This is far off the strip where most likely you will only find locals this will be quite a long cab ride so keep this in mind with your budget if you are a traveler.  They do the take out orders for the Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas and a lot of the local poker players eat here as well I thought that was kind of cool.  You walk into a small, quite, subtly lit place that had a nice view of the strip from high up in the valley looking down on the night lights.  We open the menu to find they have Uni shipped in a way to have it maintain its freshness and flavor an amazing and wonderful feat in my eyes.  BTW I was impressed on this day of the freshness of the Uni and my BF was in love of it!  They also have live shrimp (Amaebi ) the heads can be prepared two different ways fried or into a soup, both are on my favorite list.  They have quite a selection of rolls some cooked some raw with special sauces on them.  They also have a nice selection of fresh good quality sushi and sashimi they offer fresh Wasabi for a small fee.  We ordered a few cooked items as well for our friend all of which were as good as the rest of the choices we made!  I recommend Hamachi Kama (collar).  A part of the fish sadly miss by most Americans but moist, juicy and cooked to perfection.  Another nice surprise was the braised pork belly with a honey mustard sauce.  My absolute favorite cooked food of the night is their Miso glazed sea bass Wow is all I can say but I am a kind of miso fish lover so I might be bias.  They also have a late night happy hour from 10PM to 2AM if you're in the mood for a late diner or snack.  Sadly I live quite a distance from here but I will be back even with the half hour drive
4	We go here about 4-6 times a month. really awesome sushi at a really good value. The sushido peppers with truffle mushroom sauce is great, as are pretty much all the specialty rolls and nigiri.
5	Naked Fish's, you are still my favorite sushi place.  While I'm a bit disappointed that you have remained closed for lunch, I still have yet to be disappointed by your food or service.  This is an update, so make sure to read my original review for the recommendations, which I stand by to this day.The live ama ebi (sweet shrimp) is quite an experience if you haven't tried it.  They bring the little guy out and introduce you to him so he can wave good bye, then they bring him out with the tail raw and nigiri style, and the head deep fried.  Sometimes people don't know how to handle that-- you just eat the whole thing.  Trust me.  It's been fried, so it'll be crunchy goodness all the way through.Their specials rotate, so just check for what's on the chalk board, or ask your waiter.  They're always more than happy to let you know.I'm not a big fan of uni, but after taking a friend there, he had apparently been searching for a sushi restaurant that served uni, unsuccessfully, for like the last three years.  NF not only has uni, but you get your choice of regular uni, or special uni which has been cleaned and shipped from Japan in salt water to preserve its freshness.  Wanda recommended not to add anymore soy sauce as it would already be salty because of that.  Buddy looked like he had died and gone to heaven.
5	After coming here a few more times and trying out more of the menu I've had to upgrade it to 5 stars. I can recommend a multitude of things, my typical order is Sashido Peppers w truffle mushroom sauce, Grilled sea bass, Braised short rib w brown rice risotto, and the Cat Eye roll add yellowtail. Also the lobster roll is a favorite among everyone I go with, however I'm not a huge fan of warm sushi rolls so I'm not to keen on it
3	I been going to NF for many, many year and I love the food there the GTR roll and Tiger dragon roll is so good!!!!. They been changing the menu and I slowly learn to except it... Like no more yummy sashimi salad :(Downside: they say they change the  menu...it just a way of ripping u off on more $$$ I always order the grill hamachi dinner that come w/soup and rice....thank to change in menu they charge me an extra $4 for small bowl of rice. The kids order tempura udon noodle soup...which alway come w/bowl of udon noodle soup and 2 shrimp tempura....NOW they give me the bowl of noodle and charge me an extra $8 for tempura. I told them this and they said it because of chance in menu.  This is so mess up!!!! Food is Great but watch you $$$
5	Still the best sushi in town, try the pork belly! See the mgr Manho, she will make everything perfect!
5	Naked Fish's is by far the best reasonably priced sushi I have had in Vegas. They are consistently excellent and always have great service.
5	This place was definitely a great place for authentic Japanese cuisine, especially in Las Vegas. Everything from their staff and chef was outstanding. They have fast service and were very knowledgeable about the items of their menu, and they didn't hesitate in offering their recommendations. I ordered their sashimi plate and it was very fresh: the slices of fish were clean and evenly cut into nice portions. The quality of the fish was definitely up to par with Seattle's. Overall, if you want some real Japanese cuisine in LV, this is the place you'd need to visit~
5	EXCELLENT reverse happy hour, with a great view of the city! Every once in awhile, I get a craving for late night sushi, and this is where I go. The servers are very attentive, the sushi's good, and the happy hour selection isn't half bad. I haven't been for non happy hour, but from what I've seen, the fish is fresh and reasonably priced.
3	uggg I hate to do this, but I gotta give em 3 stars only because of the particular reason that I went there for.I went for their late night happy hour and PLEASE don't get me wrong. I will always give this place 5 stars for service and 5 stars for quality. But their sushi roll selection on their late night happy hour is VERY limited.Here's the issues I have..#1 If you have a funky name like Lisa Lisa roll then put the description of what's in the roll with the item, I shouldn't have to flip through the other section of the full menu to find out the details.  #2 They didn't even have a basic spicy tuna roll on happy hour (I've never heard of that before but sure enough, they didn't offer it)#3 They were actually slightly higher priced then some other places like Lahaina Grill for their happy hour rolls (but to give them credit, their quality is above Lahaina Grill) However I'd rather goto Lahaina Grill for a larger selection of happy hour rolls vs the very limited choices I had here.I was quite disappointed with the choices.  Again, please don't get me wrong, their quality of what they offer on their menu is VERY good and slightly higher prices because of that.  They even have a very good lunch menu. However you really need to improve on that happy hour menu and because of that I won't go back when I'm lookin for some cheap happy hour specials vs all you can eat.:-(  :-(  :-(  :-(
2	After our favorite sushi restaurant, which we followed our favorite sushi chefs to, shut down due to a partner dispute, we are searching out a new favorite. Living up in Summerlin, we wanted something really close to home. 5 minutes away, with pretty good reviews, was Naked Fish. We decided to give it a shot.It's in a typical strip mall location. Walking in, the restaurant is small, but very warm and inviting. It was also pretty danged quiet. We were greeted immediately and we asked to sit at the sushi bar. My favorite part of a sushi restaurant is the bar. Naked Fish's bar seats 4 kinda comfortably, 6 completely uncomfortably, and the sushi bar intrudes on the dining area. We had to pull in for other customers to get to their table. Minus a star. Immediately. The dining area is small, but pleasant. The staff was attentive and kind. Ray, our sushi chef was friendly. We were given cucumber salad with this sticky sweet dressing and sesame seeds. Yuck. We were not given hot towels to wipe our hands with, something we've always appreciated. We were also not given edamame, something we always get for free at nearly every sushi bar. The server came and took our drink order, and we did notice they had a very impressive beer and sake menu, at decent prices. Alas, this dumb cold had me ordering hot tea. We also ordered edamame, which cost $5. While the order was large, it  overcooked and soggy. Minus another star. We ordered tuna, yellowtail and salmon sushi. The fish was a nice size, fresh and tasty. Earn a star. The rolls all left us uninspired. We searched the menu for quite a while looking for something that appealed to both of us. We finally settled on the GR3. The fish was fresh, but it was boring and bland. For our second roll, we asked the chef for something complex and spicy. He recommended the Oh My Gosh. We ordered it, without cream cheese (on a bagel? Yum! On fish? No.) The fish was fresh. The sliced serrano chili was hot. And besides that? Boring and bland. Minus a star. We wanted to love it because of the location. We didn't. We won't be back.
4	We came to Naked Sushi for the first time to try their late night happy hour menu which is from 10pm-2am. There wasn't much of a selection but the prices were very inexpensive, about $4 for each roll. We ordered the 911 roll (definitely a must-try), my all time favorite the Japanese Lasagna, the Naked Girls roll, the Philadelphia roll, the Haley roll, and their weekly special the Sunset Roll. Every single roll was tasty, no disappointment whatsoever. As for the drinks on the happy hour menu, they only offered beer, sake, and wine. I'm guessing they didn't have a full bar. Off the happy hour menu, I ordered some sort of sake cocktail called the Pineapple Shirley Temple, at about $4 as well. Very delicious, I'd definitely recommend!I gave Naked Sushi 4 stars since the service was a little slow. We waited a while to order, to finally get the food, and even when we had to pay. I hope this place doesn't get too busy, I don't know how they'd be able to handle that.Overall, a great place! The restaurant itself was very inviting and nicely decorated although a bit small. Hopefully they expand the happy hour menu. I'd definitely be visiting again.
4	When there for the new yrs eve with my bf. n luckily is happy hour!!! $3 per wine, $6-7 per roll and $5 side dishes!!!! Love the salmon yuko n the yellow tail!!!! Will go again in 2013 lol
3	I don't really care much for the happy hour here as I don't think the deals are really that great.. But the fish has always been fresh and tasty.. When I go here I always get the Soft Shell Crab Salad.. With yuzu ponzu sauce on the side.. YUMMM I also like to get the shishito peppers to snack on instead of edamame.. As for rolls the Roppongi roll is delicious.. very fresh and tangy.. As you can see I like sour/citrus things haha .. The restaurant itself is very small so there can be a wait and all the tables are very close to each other.. I also noticed the food takes a while to come out.. but the servers have always been nice~tip: If you sit by the window you get a nice little view of the strip ;]]]
4	Hands down, freshest and perhaps the best sushi on the west side of town.This is typically not my usual sushi joint, but last night we decided to eat at Naked Fish. It's right around the corner from my house and it has a great view of the strip. Also, our last experience at our normal sushi spot was a little more than disappointing.I know I've eaten here a few times before and it's always been delicious, but unfortunately it is not AYCE, which is always something I look forward to for the price. Sometimes, you need to spend a little for quality, and after last nights tasty selections, I will embrace that philosophy for them. We ordered the Screaming Orgasm Salad (a must), the Ultimate Naked Roll (yum), the Lisa Lisa (my boyfriend loves the crunch and cream cheese) and the Roppongi roll (super yum) All were top notch. The tuna on the Screaming Orgasm was the freshest I've seen yet in this town. The color was perfect and the cuts were clean. I wish I had taken a picture of it, but by the time I thought of it, we had already devoured the plate. The Roppongi (the waitress told us it was the most popular roll) was pretty darn delicious as well. Probably my favorite, along with the Screaming O.  All the rolls we ordered were great. The price wasn't all that bad, considering the quality of the meal, so although it is not AYCE, and most sushi places are offering that, I would recommend Naked Fish if looking for some top grade fish.
4	One of my family's favorite Sushi Restaurants. Great sushi, incredible service and friendly atmosphere.
2	Okay, Ive been too quite a few sushi bars in Las Vegas and this is one of the most overrated and over priced sushi bars off the strip.Went here on a recommendation by a dealer at Paris, I consider myself a bit of a foodie and do a lot of research before heading to a restaurant and I figure since she is a local I'd taker her recommendation. 1. I was a little bummed it wasn't all you can eat, even tho the dealer who recommended it told me it was. 2. Okay everything is alcarte so I was expecting amazing fresh quality fish, was not impressed. Had a ropangi roll recommended by the waitress, the fish was a little fishy for tuna even tho it was masked by ton of vinaigrette sauce. 3. tried the banzai roll that was deep fried boy was that a mistake, fillet o-fish  would have tasted better.4. Had an eel roll, spicy scallop (way to sweet they put a sweet spicy sauce not in a good way) and a shrimp tempura roll, the eel and shrimp tempura roll was ehh nothing outstanding. 5. had a gyoza on the side cant go wrong with some fried dumplings, I think that was the best thing I had.I didn't try any nigiri because I would have ended spending over $100 if I did by myself. Now I had 5 rolls that was basic and was on the cheaper side and happy hour prices. I couldn't believe my bill was $70 after tip for myself.I don't mind paying for good food but it was mediocre for what I payed.Maybe I'm missing something because this place has 4 stars on yelp. I was very disappointed by their roll selection everything included imitation crab meat which is junk. For the price I payed they should use real crab meat. I would have only payed $30 bucks for an all you can eat sushi bar in Vegas and the quality is better. Like goyemon or sin city sushi. I felt raped after paying $70 for crappy rolls. If the rolls and fish was much better quality no problem but it was crap or mediocre. plus as a added bonus I got food poisoning what a great gift getting to go to the bathroom several timesHonestly I don't know why this place is so highly rated by yelpers, food was mediocre.
2	So many people told me how good this place was that one one of my last trips to Las Vegas I finally made the drive out of try Naked Fish.  Overall I was disappointed with the food and the experience.  It is both overrated and overpriced, leading me to the two star review.  If you are going to pay this much for just ok sushi you might as well stay on the strip and eat there.  Overall it was good, but nothing that I will ever go back to.
4	4.5 StarsSo many good things going on here. I don't know where to begin. I came here with family for the first time over four years ago. Sushi was new to me at the time, but it was still DAMN good! Eventually, since I was still a high school student, I couldn't afford eating sushi so often, so I stopped coming. I completely stopped going to any a la carte sushi restaurants simply because a hungry guy such as myself can't afford it. I came here again after a long time, and I must admit the food is as good as ever. My cousin (a culinary expert) commented that the quality of sushi at a la carte restaurants are usually much better than AYCE restaurants. I definitely have to agree with him on that. However, on the plus side for me, Naked Fish is planning making AYCE available as well as all you can drink!Customer service is friendly as ever from the day I came. I was waited by someone new this time; although, the SUPER friendly older looking Japanese waitress still works there. I'm always getting fast service and my party is always getting checked on.All in all, if you can afford the prices, Naked Fish is AWESOME
5	Best sushi in Vegas. The fish is fresh, and they use great ingredients. Mostly locals.
1	I have dined here a few times and decided to stop by for a "to go" fix. Unfortunately, I was greatly disappointed.  I requested easy on the rice for my rolls and soy paper; I ordered 2 rolls (WSOP and Rainbow with snow crab).  These rolls were the saddest and smallest rolls I've ever seen. Last time I recommend this place!  Best to stay at the best Sushi place in town; Sen of Japan, just 2 blocks down on Dessert Inn and Durango
4	Great local sushi spot!  The service is always friendly and accommodating although some dishes may be a bit over priced.  Recommend the beef tikaki, toro, yellowtail jalapeno and uni.
5	So many good things going on here. Went here on a recommendation by a friend during happy hour. The service was excellent fast I will by going back for more.
5	One of my absolute favorite places to eat sushi! I love that they have a close connection to poker players, and even have a "Wsop roll" on the menu! Now, if they would only get rid of that Full Tilt Poker plate on the top shelf...Anyways, the Japanese Lasagna is amazing, among just about everything else on their menu. You won't be disappointed, and if you are for some reason, just go next door to Amore and grab an amazing pizza!Oh, and I think a yelp checkin gets you an awesome ice cream desert :)
5	My favorite happy hour in VEGAS!  Amazing sushi, incredible service, and all that goes with it..
4	It always amazes me that Las Vegas has so many good Japanese food. This place is just as good. The sashimi is just so delicious and melts in your mouth.I didn't get a chance to do the ordering since I went for work but the one thing that stood out was the Uni and the Scallop. Uni didn't taste so... raw. Scallops were just as soft and delicious.I also had my first green tea creame burlee and that was amazing as well. Definitely recommend!
5	One of my top restaurants to frequent in Las Vegas. It's always a spot i take my out-of-towner friends and family. The staff is amazing and very knowledgeable. They always remember my order which is always a plus. That extra mile makes me feel extra special as a customer. Emi and Wanda are usually my servers. They are the sweetest.Try: 911 roll and Ropongi RollI always start with the agedashi tofu. its the best first thing to eat after a long night at work. I do work nights and they're are open until 2am which is very convenient for night owls such as myself. Sauteed asparagus and sauteed spinach is always a must order for sides. And when it comes to dessert you must try the chocolate fondant --amazing! Just go for that alone. When i get carried away i order the green tea creme brulee as well and eat them together. YUMMMM!!!
5	This place is awesome! Recommended by the valet guy after watching a show.  Sushi was fresh and loved the miso soup.
2	Decided to give this place a try. First of the wait to get seated was long. Waited over 30 mind to be seated. Then waited another 45 minutes for our various orders coming from the sushi chefs. There were so many to go orders coming in that were prioritized before all regular orders. I was expecting to be wow-ed from all the reviews but considering everything was a'la carte. The only wow moment was the market price blue fin tuna. Everything else felt the same as most sushi restaurants that I've been too. Wish the sushi was a little more chilled and not room temperature. Plus the service was poor. I was expecting so much more for what we spent but it was not worth it. I would rather spend the money I spent there at a nice steak house restaurant.
5	Wonderful and fresh food. Inventive rolls, great quality and friendly staff. Our server let us know about some fresh snapper and Toro that had just arrived. Excellent.
5	This is by far the best Sushi joint we know. We visit Vegas twice a year from the Netherlands and almost every time eat at least 2-3 times at The Naked Fish.
5	Service was awesome. Emii was the best server ever. Had the happy hour menu and everything was awesome. And there was a yelp deal for the dessert and it was awesome. Scoop of ice cream with cornflakes and drizzled with chocolate. Omg so good!!
4	We order takeout from Naked Fish all the time (and occasionally dine in as well). The sushi is perfectly good and fresh, and they have some great rolls, though we typically stick more to nigiri and sashimi. The uni and scallop is always very fresh and they almost always have toro.Pros:*Price. It's not the best sushi you will ever try, but it's good enough, and you pay a lot less here than you will at high-end places on the strip.*Open super late! Sometimes we don't get around to calling in an order until 10pm, so it's nice that it's open so late.*Huge fish selectionCons:*Ambiance is a very typical hole-in-the-wall Japanese place, nothing special (doesn't matter if you get takeout or are just in the mood for something casual)*If you dine in, service can be appallingly slow, especially if the restaurant is busy.
3	food is good serevice is very bad .
5	I come here all the time eat at happy hour(10pm-2am) and have never been disappointed. Service has always been great and even recognize me every time I eat in. Happy hour prices are great, with a select amount of rolls going from $4 to $9, as well as having drinks on specials and some appetizers. Although I rarely have food from the regular dinner menu myself, I've seen plenty of others having it and the place gets pretty busy plenty of nights so you definitely want to reserve for any party over four people. What rolls I usually have:911 Japanese LasagnaShrimp TempuraGood ones I've tried:BanzaiSun Devil
5	Good stuff sushi, fresh and fast!
2	Sushi was fresh, but everything was drowning in sauce that was too sour, or too sweet, or too American.
5	The best sushi in Las Vegas. Period.  If you wander off of the 'usual sushi restaurant' path, ask the servers for something truly worthy of the chef's talents and the amazing array of unique and rare items Naked Fish's has often in its chillers.  You will not be disappointed!  The rolls are always good and safe, but be a little adventurous and you will not be disappointed.
5	Love the food, Love the service, love the happy hour. It is a small place and they get super busy but it's totally worth it.
4	I have been coming here for years, I reside between San Diego and Las Vegas and always enjoy dinner here. If you are looking for a great sushi spot with out the fancy shmancy environment of the higher end strip spots come here. Shishito peppers are always a great appetizer
5	Again, a delicious evening with the best sushi ever. I always have on of the specials. Tonight Spanish Mackerel and Fatty Tuna. The tuna melted in your mouth. Superb. Friendly staff (Wanda is the best!) and what always suprizes me is the price of their wine. By far the cheapest I had in the USA. $4,50 a glas (for years now) keeps suprising me.
5	Delicious! Happy hour every night: 5-6; 10pm-2am. Such friendly and quick service. Green bean tempura, Cajun mayo, Philadelphia roll and Haley roll are amazing!Update: Happy Hour menus vary. Monday-Thurs and Fri-Sun have different rolls/appetizers available. (I prefer the weekday as it has the Phili and Haley rolls along with green bean tempura). Delicious!
4	Japanese food at its finest wanted to do the eat all you can sushi, but wanted to try this place this the reviews were glad to say that Naked Fish did not disappoint. Will be trying the other dishes when we come back here.
3	I was here set down on the table, small and cozy place. Ordered couple sashimi dish and the sushi some rolls. Yuzu salmon was good i liked their oyster, fish was fresh food was pretty decent. Reason why i'm giving three star is because service was really slow. They weren't so busy at the moment we came in, took order food didn't come out for over 20min. We were just waiting on the food forever. I wouldn't recommend this place on the busy weekends. Price is reasonable, i would go back for the food, not for the service.
5	Naked Fish is the best. I lived in Las Vegas for 3 years, and have been a frequent visitor before and since. I've been everywhere, and Naked Fish takes the gold. The sushi speaks for itself. They have an incredibly varied menu. There are so many flavor combinations both traditional and unique. The fish are as fresh as can be. What sets this place apart is the staff and the atmosphere they create. They are simply wonderful. They make you feel like royalty from the moment you step in until a week after your trip. They are incredibly knowledgable about the menu and sushi in general. And they're extremely skilled in taking care of you during your meal. Naked fish is my favorite restaurant, any where any food.
4	This was my first time and we only went, because we were near Naked Fish and were craving sushi. The fish was so fresh, the atmosphere was welcoming and the staff was very attentive and willing to answer our many questions. The Roppongi roll was DELICIOUS!!!! I would go back just for that roll. You also get a little sample plate for checking in on Yelp. I will definately be back.
4	I ve been a fan of Naked Fish for a while. It has the freshest fishs ... High quality!Ask for their Raponggi roll, its amazing!
5	I come here all the time and I'm always happy when I leave. The staff is awesome and give great service. I know that a lot of the guests are regulars, myself included, and it's cool when they greet you by name when you come in. Between 10pm and 2am every day, they do a happy hour that includes a few sushi rolls, appetizers, and some deals on certain beer, wine, and sake. Some of my favorites are the Haley roll, sun devil roll, akadashi miso soup, and the shishito peppers. Whether you're alone or with a friend, the sushi bar is always a good choice if available. I like the more casual setting, but if I'm with a date or on a family dinner, the booths have a nice and quieter setting. Naked fish does an awesome job of keeping their customers happy and I plan to continue to dine with them.
5	Small restaurant. Decent size parking lot. Good place for sushi and appetizers. Service is excellent.
5	This is the best sushi place I Have ever been to! Everything is always fresh and the staff is just as amazing.  Wonda always takes great care of me and goes beyond to make sure our experience is the best.  If you haven't been here, I suggest you go!
5	Best Sushi Ever!
5	Loved the food!
5	I love this place and I've been going to it for the past few years I just never wrote a review. The servers are top notch and since it's not a big resturant you get constant service which is really nice. The waitresses are all very nice, beautiful and so helpful and it makes the experience that much better. It's located in a shopping plaza and is right next to a PT's Pub but don't worry you don't smell smoke or get any of the noise from PT's which is great! The inside is very trendy, cool and not too dark. The walls are covered in posters from all the Cirque Du Soleil shows with the perfomers signuatures, very nice touch. If you like sports you can still at the little bar (seating about 5 people max) and watch the chefs make food while you watch the two tv's behind them.The food is downright amazing and I like how nothing is overcooked, undercooked or bland. The flavors are perfect and you don't need to add anything, just sit back and eat. Of course they have the ususal soy sauce, wasabi, etc but it's not really needed; I always eat a ton of wasabi just because I like the way it burns my nose haha. Also if you're into saki then you will love their large selection of different types! I tend to go torwards the stronger ones myself but I also like their sweet flavors. If you're looking for a great place, away from the Strip, trendy, cool, fun and tasty then check them out!P.S. - They don't close till around 1 or 2 am in the morning so it's kind of a late night place as well.
5	What can I say about this place? It is amazing..I have been going here for years and it is my #1 sushi place in Vegas. Their fish is insanely fresh, and they have rolls here you cant get anywhere else. My personal favorites are the GT-R (Shrimp T, Spicy Tuna, Hamachi and Jalapeno on top, seared and covered with spicy mayo and ponzu sauces) Rappongi (Spicy tuna and shrimp,Topped with tuna, chives, smelt egg and  Spicy Mayo and ponzu sauces) Wanda is awesome, and Peter is the best Chef! It can be a bit busy on weekend nights but its got a great ambiance, excellent service, and wonderful food. The prices beat Strip sushi every time and the people here are always happy and upbeat. You might even catch the Cirque du Soliel performers eating here as well ;) All in all this place is not to be missed and I promise you won't be disappointed. Treat Peter to a sake bomb for me!
5	Today, I sat at the sushi bar and ate dinner alone while I waited for a repair job that I had going on down the street. I left so giddy with joy that I just had to come back and write a second review. Naked Fish's is the once and forever king of sushi in Las Vegas, and today I was fed a royal reminder of that fact.I asked for "some sashimi, whatever's good today" and beer. Those may have been the most wisely chosen words I'd ever uttered. I was served bluefin, otoro, uni, red snapper, and something else, with fresh wasabi. Let me comment directly on a couple of these.In all 3 of my previous experiences with uni, 2 of which were at sushi places in Vegas that I otherwise really enjoy, I just didn't like it. I felt like it was odd that people considered it a delicacy and I just didn't seem to understand why. Today I learned why. The uni I ate at Naked Fish's today was absolutely superb, and I melted with glee after my second - and third - bites.Fresh wasabi? I've never once seen this in Vegas at any place other than Naked Fish's. It's such a nice touch and, for me, a critical part of enjoying the unmatched quality of fish served here.This review is already far longer than I originally planned. Let me just put it this way: the food was so good I couldn't stop giggling throughout the entire meal, and at the end I tipped 125%. Merry (late) Christmas Naked Fish's!
3	Good service and open late... 2am late. We came. At 10:30pm and the place was almost. Completely full...this is a good sign. :)  I ordered the tofu salad,  it was interesting.  A whole wack load of lettus,  three cherry tomatoes,  and some pickled things of sorts with a large amount of dressing on the side.  The tofu wasn't cooked or seasoned so it wasn't super exciting.  I would give this a 2/5 and would not order again.  Our friend had the chicken salad and loved it. The mushroom tempura was really good. The happy hour prices are amazing and they have it on food and drinks. 3$ glass of wine.  My husband had the green tea ice cream and said it was good.  Service was fast,  price was very good.  This place seems to be a hot spot for circ performers. There was more then enough vegetarian options for us to enjoy. The sushi looked Delish for the people who eat fish.  We will be back but I will order something other than the tofu salad.
3	The restaurant itself is very small & it doesn't seem like they would be able to accommodate parties of 15+, but I could be wrong. Got there in time for happy hour which included 2 standard rolls & a specialty roll with a free drink all for $21.Ordered gyoza for an appetizer, 2 beers, Japanese lasagna roll, lobster roll as well as a salmon skin roll & my total was only $29.Japanese lasagna came out, MAYBE, room temperature instead of out of the oven hot how it is suppose to be. But honestly, I can't complain because I did enjoy it & all it's almost cold goodness.Salmon skin roll was 3/5. Not bad but I probably should've gotten something else.By the way "check in & get a free appetizer" is actually a free cocktail instead of an appetizer. Not that big of a deal since it was so cheap but I would've been nice if they updated their page.It was good for its price.
5	Naked Fish is my go-to happy hour sushi restaurant! I live in Henderson and try to drive out here at least a few times a month to eat here. The happy hour is awesome! I've never had a roll here that I didn't like and the staff is always awesome. My favorite waitress here is Wanda. She is always on top of everything and the last time I came here, she went above and beyond to give my boyfriend and I a great experience as it was my birthday. We got a free cocktail for checking into yelp and they gave us a free dessert and sang happy birthday. My favorite roll here is the Japanese Lasagna. it's so delicious! I've had the same roll from other sushi places, but this one is my all time favorite. I get cravings for it all the time!
2	Take-out is sooooooo slow. Told me would be 20 minutes (which is on the long side for take-out already), got there after 25 minutes, and waited at least another 15-20 minutes for the food to be ready. And this is on a week night at 9pm. The food wasn't out of the world either, the yuzu salmon was fishy and did not meet expectation since I saw so many good reviews about it on Yelp. Probably won't be returning, there are so many sushi options in Vegas that are better, cheaper, and faster.
5	My new favorite Sushi/Japanese style resturaunt! I've been here 3 times in the last week. Free drink when you check in and awesome service. Wanda is really nice and always takes care of us! Great rolls and food selection!!! :)
4	Great service and open late.  I always sit at the sushi bar so I can chat with the chefs.  I love yellowtail sashimi, uni, and spicy rolls. I always order a miso soup too.  Great rolls and food selection here.
2	Except for the Omakase Special, which cost $50.00, the food was okay.  I would have given 3 stars but the Omakase was not worth what we paid for it.  Sashimi was cut so small and thin, it was almost like eating leftover pieces.  Not worth the money, and we were looking forward to it because of the waitress' comments.  The agadashi tofu was good, as was the seaweed salad.  Roppongi roll was good as was the pork belly and risotto, although some of the pork belly was kind of tough to chew....so overall, good, but not great for the money.  Would I go back?  Maybe, but the sister restaurant, Kyara, off 215 and Jones is my favorite and beats Naked Fish's by a mile.
5	i would definitely recommend this place to a friend. i always go for happy hour and the menu isn't that bad! they have really good sushi rolls! one thing i like about this restaurant is they are open till 2am :) check out the happy hour menu online!
4	Wonderful experience. Nice little sushi house. The fish was fresh and the rolls were rolled nicely and balanced in flavor. Our server - short with curly hair - was very knowledgable and kind. I checked in with yelp and whereas it says that you receive a free appetizer with a check in, that's incorrect. You get a gross sweet little cocktail-type drink. I was kinda annoyed by that.
5	I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. I've been going to Naked Fish since they opened. In the last year I've frequented it several times a week. The addiction is real. The service is always outstanding. Everyone is so attentive and caring. The fish is ALWAYS fresh and the chefs skilled. No dull moments at the sushi bar especially with the funniest sushi chefs in town. Naked fish is almost like family at this point.
5	One of the places that I frequent most often, for a number of reasons: consistently good food, welcoming staff, open late.The happy hour menu is my best friend, because I go late (past 10pm). There is also a happy hour earlier in the evening, but I never make that one. I love to order a variety of things at one time, and some of my favorite rolls drop to $3-7 during happy hour. This makes it affordable to eat here often. Plus $1 glass of refillable soda, $3 wine. It's almost unbelievable.The food itself is greatly reliable. The Spicy Chicken appetizer is my favorite (I pay $1 to "upgrade" to white meat). My order always consists of one Naked Girls Roll. I love that I can order something tonight and it will taste the same as it did 6 months ago. There is a continuity between the chefs that allows this place to be consistent time and time again.I always request Emii as my server. She is extremely polite and attentive and works the late evening shift, which coincides with when I'm usually craving sushi. I normally call a couple hours prior, to request a reserved booth by the window. It is always ready when I get there, even at midnight. It's a 20 second call that eliminates the wait time. I'd recommend doing this because this place is almost always packed, even super late at night!
5	Loved loved loved this cute and cozy place! Tried coconut nigori sake and that was simply delicious.
5	Excellent service. Good happy hour specials.  Sweet girl waited on us.  Spicy tuna, my favorite, is up to my standards here. Very fresh and very tasty. The Sun Devil roll was slap ya mama good. We will for sure be back.
5	The ambiance is relaxing and dim. Its a small nice place great for romantic dates or chill night out with friends. They gave me 2 big desserts on my birthday. They actually have really generous servings with good presentation.
4	Food is always fresh and excellent here. One of my favorite place to eat sushi. Dragon Tiger roll is delicious, GTR roll is spicy and good. Yellow tail grill is great! Sashimi is very fresh but remember large order is only 5 pieces :( Service is very nice :)
5	Naked Fish is definitely my favorite sushi place in town. The fish is always fresh and the service is great! I usually order a couple of rolls along with sashimi. The rolls have the perfect ratio of rice to fish, most places put too much rice in the rolls but here it's just right. Be sure to make a reservation otherwise you're in for a wait!
3	I REALLY wanted to fall in love with this place...  But sadly, it just didnt impress me. I love the location because it is right next to my fav salon. I found the service very slow. It took awhile to be greeted and a REALLY long time for the sushi. The server forgot my miso soup which I wasnt exactly thrilled about. I actually found the rolls very tasty, but I wouldn't rush back to try it again because honestly it just didnt impress me very much. I was pretty ticked because they no longer honor the Yelp check-in free app... They offered me a free Shirley Temple instead! I politely declined. Skip this place & drive to Kaya on Spring Mountain for faster service & a better price.
4	Friend and I got:huge salad of mixed greens and a ginger dressing ($5)Cucumber salad ($4) which was probably the tastiest I've ever hadCat Eye Roll ($9) salmon, avo, crunchGreen Tea for both Organic Miso Soup ($3) so so tasty, probably one of the tastiest I've tried And I can't remember the roll my friend got. It was a great amount of food and our tea was refilled every 5-10 mins, it was perfect. Def coming here... Often!
5	Great food, the atmosphere is very nice & cpuld be romantic, and the service is good. Haven't been in awhile but definitely would recommend it to everyone.
5	Always a delicious dinner here. Nigiri, rolls, side dishes....all items are always spot on. Staff is welcoming and very attentive. This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas, including the strip restaurants as well.
5	Love this place! After searching for a sushi joint to call my "usual" I finally found it. Their food is great and their prices are reasonable. Happy hour especially is such a great deal and highly recommend you try it. They have good combo deals like a set of three sushi plates of your choice for $21.They also have desserts like the green tea creme brule  The staff are very welcoming and they definitely remember you on your next visit. Overall, I recommend this place for all you sushi lovers!
5	One if my favorite sushi restaurants in town. They are the sister restaurant of Kyara and offer some of the same rolls. The fish is always fresh and the service is consistently friendly. My favorite is the Screaming O salad, the Roppongi roll and they offer a really good Yellowtail collar that is not on the menu. Their regular house salad is really good too. There is always different weekly specials as well as a large selection on their late night happy hour.
4	Naked Fish Sushi!!One of the many reasons I love living on this side of town. This place satiates my cravings without having to drive down to China town.My absolute favorite dish on the menu is the Grilled Sea Bass with Miso Butter. The sea bass just melts in your mouth. Grilled to perfection, it is juicy and tender...absolutely delicious. So good that I took a bite before snapping a photo...such a bad yelper. I flipped it around and made a photo happen regardless though ;) The miso butter sauce compliments it perfectly but is great without it as well. Overall the quality of their fish is very fresh. Prices are reasonable. You can get an amazing meal here for the price that you would pay at an AYCE sushi joint but enjoy an overall hands down better meal.Service is great. The sushi chefs and servers are very accommodating. They will make you anything that you are craving so just ask if you don't see it on the menu.
5	If anyone ever wants to stalk me, you can find me here between 5 and 6PM for Happy Hour on Wednesdays. Seriously making this my new spot to hit up after Sprouts' Double Ad day. UYE groceries and dinner, anyone?Discovered this gem today, thanks to Vicky Q's recent check in and an incurable salmon craving. The HH menu has an awesome deal: 3 rolls and a drink for $21, with the ability to choose two standard rolls and one specialty. Chose the ROPPONGI roll, PHILADELPHIA roll, and the HALEY roll, along with a seaweed salad, and iced green tea for my beverage of choice.Rolls were stunning- fresh fish, good portions, great specialty rolls.Roppongi roll in particular is an amazing mouthgasm! Flavors are a mashup of spicy and creamy with fresh fish, soft rice, a pop of flavor with green onion, and sauces that are tasty without being overkill. It's a must-have, and I don't throw that term around lightly.Haley roll was also good- shrimp tempura with avocado and crab, relatively light considering the tempura factor, which I'm not usually a fan of.Philadelphia roll is about what you'd expect, but who doesn't love the classic American style combo of salmon and cream cheese?Service was polite and attentive, chair I sat in was very comfortable (two-top between the sushi bar and the booths), portions were so plentiful that I only ate half of what I ordered and took the rest home.One of the best HH menus I've found, could easily get the pick-three and add on a discounted roll from their specials menu and have a sushi dinner with my guy for under $40 with tip- not bad AT ALL.Only complaint is that the green tea is made with a powder, which lends a grittiness to the taste/texture that I did not like, but next time I'll just get a Sapporo!
5	Why did my opinion change? Well because service got better! Not to mention the have the best Japanese lasagna in town!!
5	Best place for sushi I've been to. They don't do AYCE, which is fine because the fish is so fresh and they'd go broke if they did that. They do have a happy hour at certain times which is awesome. The staff is awesome. Peter and Alfredo are my favorite sushi chefs. Me and my mom go there for our monthly sushi getaway. It's a good time to spend together since we live on opposite side of town. They do a great presentation and the food is always excellent. Too bad they aren't open for lunch. But the food is so good they still get 5 stars.
5	Tried this restaurant for the first time tonight and am so glad I did. Late night happy hour--10 pm until 2 am--on a weeknight! What a deal. Excellent prices, good-sized portions, tasty food, excellent, FAST service, and a nice view of the Strip in the distance. This is a great find.
5	My girlfriend and I come here about once a month for late-night sushi specials (happy hour starts at 10:00pm most nights). The sushi is excellent, especially the specialty rolls. We're usually greeted and served by the very attentive and charming Wanda. Try the dark circle roll for an especially unique, complex and tasty treat.
5	Love love love this place. I'm very picky with sushi because I don't eat raw fish. They have a great variety of different rolls and their appetizers can't be found anywhere else. I always order the mushroom tempura everytime I go, it's a must! Best service out of all sushi places I've been to in Vegas. They take time out to help you decide and they have a nice dress code that doesn't include SUPER short shorts lol. Def worth a visit if you're in the mood for some sushi!
5	I've been here a few times for happy hour. It's always really good. Great service too!  Try getting the rice paper instead of the seaweed paper. Tastes much different. Very yummy!
4	Went here yesterday, Saturday night about 9 pm. We were seated almost right away and the rest of my table had their drinks before I even made it back from washing my hands. I ordered a carafe of one of the unfiltered sakes. It was so good and served in a cute little glass and jar. One if my friends ordered a roll wrapped in cucumber and said it was one of the best he'd ever had. My other friend ordered the yellowtail roll and commented that it was the most flavorful yellowtail he'd ordered in quite some time. One of my girlfriends and I ordered the house salad which was huge but only five dollars!!! I also got the fried rice which isn't on the menu but I asked  and they said the would make it special.  So delicious.Overall, wonderful service, delicious food, good drinks, and at a reasonable price. Would definitely recommend.
4	I think this place was very decent but be prepared to spend a little more than your AYCE places. I usually stick to what I order everywhere but I determine which place has the best. I will say this the quality is on point and they know how to make sushi but I'm probably not coming back anytime soon because what we had wasn't memorable. I think what would help this place is to make something nobody else makes and put it on the menu as a special! It could help but still no complaints here
4	Best place for authentic Japanese food on the west side. Don't expect a cheap all you can eat menu here. Service can be slow at times but food is always on point and fresh.
4	They have a fabulous happy hour and delicious sushi!!! One of my favorite places, definitely worth a try!
4	Definitely a great spot for late night sushi. I love going to sushi joints where the chefs are so friendly and talk to you. These guys are awesome. Service is good. As far as the freshness of fish...I've had better, but they are still good:))
5	This place is hands down the best sushi in town. The GTR and Rappongi roll is 2 of my top 3 all-time favorite rolls, absolutely delicious. The service here is always impeccable, even at their busiest. Get here early to sit at the bar as it's always packed and rather small. Their kitchen meals are amazing, I take non-sushi people here and they always have a good time and find something delicious to order. I've been coming here for over 10 years and I've never had a bad experience or a single complaint. They have the freshest fish in town and they spare no expense on the quality of their ingredients. If you want to have a gourmet sushi experience without paying Strip prices, then this is your place. I can't tell you how much I love their fish. I'm drooling right now just thinking about it. Not many tourists know about this place, it's almost all locals. Oh and the cirque kids come and play here too, they're fun! Now I'm just rambling on.. that's how taken I am. Try this place and it will quickly become your favorite as well. Tell Peter and Wanda I said hello..
5	Definitely check out this place during their happy hour. It's the best deal for the freshest sushi you can get. They have the best quality fish I have tried in any sushi place I've been to. The service is really good. And the staff is very nice. They are able to find solutions very efficiently. We ordered calamari and it does not come with sauce, so outer server offered to bring us other sauces- I had it with spicy mayo. My favorite sushi restaurant if I'm not getting AYCE.
5	Beste sushi in Las Vegas! Klein en gezellig zaakje met een fantastische panoramisch uitzicht over de Strip. Erg populair restaurant met heerlijke rolls waar je zodra je geland bent heen scheurt! De Roppongi en Japanese Lasagna Roll zijn absolute aanraders. Vooral tijdens de Happy Hour! Ligt iets van de Strip af maar absoluut de moeite. Yellowtail Jalapeno ook niet vergeten
3	if you're a sushi purist you won't like this. Heck, even if you like americanized sushi you might be a bit miffed. I got the roppangi roll (14$)  as rec'd by yelp reviewers as well as the Yuzo Salmon appetizer (12$). So overpriced and overhyped for what you get. *see pics* the roppangi roll is drenched in sauce, the flavor is decent, but Naked Fish's rolls are the tiny sized rolls with unremarkable bits of fish on top, so even if the fish was fresh I couldn't tell. I don't understand what the hype is about the Salmon appetizer. It was thin pieces of salmon, drenched with lemon, maybe radish and a type of fish egg/masago thing. The extreme lemon totally obscured the flavor of the salmon, and the cuts were so thin that I couldn't even tell if the fish was fresh.  Salmon is pretty hard to screw up regardless. To top that the service was pretty slow, and  me and my roommates rolls kept coming out at separate times so we would never be eating at the same time. Oh, and the Mochi ice cream was Bad.  $4 for two pieces of mochi and the mochi on the outside was thin and hard (not soft and chewy like gelatinous mochi rice should be) Even with the free sake pineapple shirly temple w yelp check in.... Not coming back.
5	This is an exquisite dining establishment. As everyone knows, Sushi is a relationship food. Fortunately for me, my favorite sushi chef moved back to Las Vegas, JR. He is now at Naked Fish. Fortunately for you, JR is wearing his clothes. And he makes GREAT sushi. He guides you in the correct direction regarding fish quality and availability. He is a man you want a relationship with. Peter, the general manager, is also outstanding and kind and full of knowledge. In addition to these two (2) chefs, I have also been served by John and Alfredo, extremely competent men. Don't take my word for it. Read the reviews. It's the right place.
4	This place is great! What a staff that truly guides your experience! The good is pretty good as well! Love the vibe and how the place is set and cozy and feels right!
4	This is my second time here. And to be honest, the food here is decent but not amazing. My first time was for the happy hour, and the second time was for the reverse happy hour. We always get the 3 rolls and 1 drink on the HH menu. This time round, we got the sunset roll for the special roll, and the spicy salmon and salmon skin standard rolls. The sunset roll was really good, it's basically salmon roll with tuna added on top (I hope my memory serves me correct on this one!) and I really enjoyed it. I remember liking it a lot because it wasn't fried, has no cream cheese in it and wasn't baked. I can't really get around the idea of baked sushi to be honest, and it's just too weird a concept for me. Maybe I'll get one of their baked rolls the next time. Spicy salmon was pretty standard. I didn't really like the salmon skin roll too much- it was a little overcooked and I had a hard time biting through the salmon skin, it's too crispy and hard. Oh, and we also got an edamame as our yelp check-in deal. That was pretty nice. Service was pretty attentive. Our server is the same petite, friendly asian lady that we had the last time. This time round though, she did try to sell us seltzer water and asked us a little too many times if we wanted to order more. Once or twice is okay, but I always felt that if you asked me like 3-4 times if I want more food, it does turn me off a little. Good thing she always ask with a smile, and I suppose she is after all, doing her job. I'll probably be back just for the happy hour. To be honest, I kinda hope they condense the menu a little- all the fancy names for the rolls get me really confused, and I take a longer time trying to process through the menu. Not a good thing if they want to increase their turnover.
4	This is a damn good place for sushi and food period. I'm going with 4.5 stars. It's my girls favorite place but I've only been here once. Everything we ordered was pretty good. I forgot the names of the rolls and sushi we got but they were super bomb. Check my pictures if you want to order them. I usually remember but it's been a while since I went. I just remembered the steak was a little over cooked but besides that everything else was just great. The service was good too. Definitely add this to your list of places to check out.
5	Wanda is the best! She's an amazing server and makes you feel welcome. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I typically start with a seaweed salad and edamame. Their happy hour page is great. 10 to close. 2 standard rolls 1 specialty roll and sake or beer for $21. The GTR roll is a must try!! For 3 rolls, 3 appetizers, 2 sake and 1 beer the check was under $50. Can't go wrong with that!
5	Always delicious sashimi, nigiri, rolls, and specialty hot Japanese dishes. Nice sake selection as well. Service is always attentive and genuinely friendly. Watcharee is usually our server; she always makes sure we have an excellent meal. My favorites include: miso cod, toro nigiri, spicy salmon w/avocado roll, fresh wasabi.
5	One of the first places I went to when I first moved to Vegas and it's been nothing short of bomb foodSimplicity in my statement should entice you to go
4	Ready good service and the fish is always fresh. I love the chef's special sashimi plate, and the atmosphere is so friendly! Their dessert is pretty bomb,  I would definitely recommend ths place for some sushi whenever you're in vegas.
4	They have a great happy hour and delicious sushi. But I do know that the crab is imitation crab. Which means, it's still fish. But not crab. Probably explains the great prices. But all in all. Great sushi!
5	Always awesome! Great qualitys,Delicious and I love to enjoying their specials.Also Nice services and for the food,I can`t explain.you must have to go!
3	-Late night happy hour review-(TL; DR - I prefer Yummy Grill & Sushi strictly based on their late night HH menu and their offering of nigiri at HH prices. Naked Sushi isn't a bad choice for late night sushi, but they also don't offer a great selection on their HH menu, they are more focused on rolls. Hey if that's your thing, ymmv!) I can't help but compare this place to the other local favorite, Yummy Grill & Sushi. I'll list the main similarities. -No AYCE-Open late - past Midnight-Offers a regular happy hour-Offers a reverse (late night) happy hour-Locals love it-Great reviews on yelpHere's the main difference: - Yummy's happy hour menu is much larger, with a better variety and also offers fresh and delicious nigiri! - Naked's happy hour menu is minimal and is mainly driven by cooked items and sushi rolls. We checked into Naked Sushi's on yelp and received a "special" appetizer, which was a small basket of edamame. Then we went straight to business and looked over the menu. The regular priced menu was extensive, but we specifically wanted to check out the late night happy hour menu available from 10 pm - 2 am (last call is actually at 1:45 am.) The late night happy hour offers one page of items ranging from: discounted beer, sake, soft drinks, appetizers, a tiny selection of a la carte rolls, or you can try their 3 roll combo, where you can select 3 rolls from their specified list for $21 - it's technically is a good deal because the majority of their rolls on the regular priced menu have a high price point - $14 each!? Yeeesh.  We decided to give the 3 roll combo a go and selected (2 rolls from their standard roll list and 1 roll from their special roll list) Let me start off by saying, if you are like me and like to know exactly what's inside of the roll, well, their happy hour menu is a little disorganized and it becomes difficult to decide what roll to choose because they only list a random roll name with no description as to what's inside of it. We first tried asking our waiter what's inside of each roll, but then we figured that we would be there all night since we wanted to know the description of all 23+ rolls! We then realized that the regular menu had some of the descriptions of the vague rolls, so we thought it would be quicker to start flipping the pages back and forth to read the ingredients (instead of waiting for our server to try to remember whats inside of each roll...) Trust me, it all became very time consuming.Here's what we finally ordered (in a fit of hunger) truthfully, we couldn't stand flipping the pages back and forth anymore: Haley Roll (Standard Roll) - shrimp tempura with avocado and crab. It's your typical, basic, crunchy roll. But why was it soggy and not crunchy? Flavor rating 3/5Japanese Lasagna Roll (Standard Roll) - baked cream cheese, mayo, inside simple CA roll. The roll was rich, sweet and warm from the oven. It wasn't the worst version I've ever had, but I definitely wished that there was some sort of texture besides mushy/ soggy. Flavor rating 3/5Grand Canyon Roll (Special Roll) - mix crab salad filling topped with baby scallops, mayo, baked, and topped with some roe. I honestly was not impressed at all. It's way too simple to be considered on their "special" roll menu. The tiny, minimal amount of baby scallops is just a gimmick. The roll wasn't memorable. Flavor rating 2/5The same could be said on all 3 rolls:- soggy, no texture - same flavor profile: basic + sweet mayo + unagi sauce- filling, so you do get a bang for $21- yet, I have to emphasize: definitely not worth regular pricing $14??- they don't taste bad, but I guess I just expected more. Also, the other items we ordered off of the HH menu were disappointing: - Organic Miso soup (so fancy, I know) tasted fine, but came out lukewarm- not hot. :(- Baked Mussels were filled silly with a crap-ton of imitation crab and topped with pungent bonito flakes, which took away from the flavor of everything else, also, not juicy and the tiny, bitty piece of mussel got lost in the madness. (Bonito flakes are great, but I honesty felt that it killed the flavors here)- Salmon Nigiri wasn't sweet, it was fibrous and tough to chew. - Ama Ebi - which was the advertised special of the day and it was huge! But sadly, it wasn't sweet at all and very firm and tough to chew. My paranoia tells me it's aka-ebi and not ama-ebi...Let's end the review on a positive note: The best thing all night was the albacore nigiri!! It was super delicate, moist, sweet, fresh, and buttery. I would recommend ordering that for sure!
5	This place has always been good. The lady that's worked there for like 10 years is very nice. It's the only sushi place that I will go to that isn't all you can eat. They have an happy hour too and it's not bad. I'm actually surprised that they don't have a second restaurant for how well they do. Their sushi is fresh and they don't soak their rolls in overly sweet sauces to cover up bad fishy taste. Good old school sushi restaurant before all the all you can eats came along.
4	This is my go to sushi spot. My number one sushi rule? Never go to any place that offers all you can eat.  The gtr and roppongi rolls are my faves!  This place is small so you can expect a wait (even for take out, my reason for 4 rather than 5 stars). I've never had bad service, and have been here on date nights and with 8+ groups.... Great place!! Try it out!!!
5	The sushi here is awesome! I've dined in AND ordered take out. Both times were great. The chefs are hilarious and they know how to entertain the guests, especially if you sit in front of them. For takeout, I ordered the Tempura Shrimp Roll, Spicy Salmon Roll, California Roll, and Fried Tempura Shrimp. My total came out to about $35 which is not bad. Each roll has about 8-10 pieces and the Fried Tempura appetizer has about 4-5 pieces. The staff is very attentive. I loved it.
3	Good sushi. The happy hour is on the high price side and three people can easily get to $40. The tiger roll is on point. I did get charged wrong as there was a desert added to my bill even though I didn't order one. Out of 5:  Price- 3 Service- 3 Business flow- 4 Menu-4 Food quality-4
5	Great sushi and customer service! Went here on a date with my husband and we had such a nice evening enjoying the view if the strip and tasting many delicious rolls! Highly suggest trying if out!
5	My husband and I try to go out to eat every 18 to celebrate our anniversary and Naked fish was a good pick! Andy was our server suggested amazing food and great sake. I don't really like Uni but I force myself to try it more so I get used to the taste and texture and the Uni here was spectacular. It's the best I've I've had in a very long time.  We had an amazing night!
3	Me and the wifey went there a few times sushi was ok nothing to brag about. Wifey complained that everything was too saucy and sweet!
5	This place is a hidden gem in Vegas that's feeds the locals great sushi! I been coming here for a year now and they haven'tfailed me not once. My server is always Wanda and she's the best. They are open late until 2 and have pretty fresh nigiri. I love coming after 10 pm and having their happy hour that comes with one free beer, two standard rolls and one special roll. I also love their raw shrimp, blue fin tuna, and premium uni! Tonight I decided to try their hot soba and that was the only dish that was okay. But all their nigiri are fresh and byseason!
5	Went back, we got a pic of the dessert this time!
5	I love Naked Fish!!! It's my absolute favorite Sushi in Vegas! Always go at least once every time I visit! This place is a must go! Haha also apparently a lot of famous poker players have gone there so maybe you'll get lucky!?
5	Ask if they have Engawa in stock! It's like the muscular part of halibut, and resembles to the texture of squid. Such a delicious savory bite... I'm craving that now. Oh yea and ask for Aya, she introduced me to so many new things, I loved them all! New favorite sushi spot!
5	This sushi spot is a hidden gem in Vegas. It's located miles away from the Strip and it is a true locals' spot. Two words, HAPPY HOUR. For $21 you get three sushi rolls and a beer! You can't beat this at any other sushi spot. Of course they only serve Japanese beers, so they are on the weaker side but still tasty for what they are. Now I'm not a fan of baked rolls, but the Japanese Lasagna Roll is out of bounds! So much flavor and not over cooked. If baked rolls aren't your thing then definitely try the Roppongi Roll. The presentation is damn near artistic and the harmony of flavors are euphoric. Happy hour starts at 10pm, but for Vegas that's just the start of the night.
4	Love love love this place. I come at least once a week; usually more, with my friends and co workers. We adore this spot. It's gotten progressively busier the longer we've been going which is a positive things for business but a negative one for wait time when they are packed. The servers always remember us tho and know our preferences before we ever say a word.I always go here for the happy hour, usually around midnight. It's not AYCE sushi but I prefer it that way.   I don't like AYCE places because, although they work for some, I never eat enough for it to be worth it. This is a great place for a sushi fan that wants to take time to savor  their favorite rolls, give a new roll a chance and sit back and relax with companions.  I also like the happy hour menu. It recently changed and I'm not sure if I like the new or old menu better. The old menu had everything I wanted and while the new one boasts more variety, the prices are a little different an what I want comes out to a dollar or two more. It's a sacrifice I'm willing to make for a few new experiences tho.I usually order the Japanese lasagna and Philadelphia roll with no avocado on either (I'm allergic. It's tragic believe me). I also get a side of green bean tempura or Gyoza depending on my mood.  Japanese Lasagna - I absofreakinlutely LOVE this roll. I can't get enough of it. It's just so flavorful it's a mouthgasm. The cream cheese on too just gives the entire ensemble an extra flair.The Philadelphia roll is a tried and true classic that I can't get enough of. The fish is always so fresh and delicious.The green bean tempura is something that I always crave. It's just amazing. The green beans are crisp and have the perfect little snap when you bite into them. I've tried a variety of other rolls and I really enjoy the Naked Girl as well as the Haley roll. I've definitely found. A few items I love and I've  stuck with them but I know that when I'm ready to branch out all of my options are delicious.I recently tried the Lobster roll and I have to say that it was amazing. I'm not usually a lobster fan but I'll make exceptions for this roll. It was delicious.Overall I love this spot and they take their time to make you a part of the family. Over time they remember your name and face and get into a habit of reading you by your previous preferences. They really are awesome. I give a 4 overall because every place has their flaws and honesty is my priority for other yelpers.
4	I usually only come here for happy hour 10pm-close. The kirin is $3 and sake is also cheap. The various rolls and food that come with HH are also really good and cheap. It is a small and cozy atmosphere so come with a date or group of friends. It is right next door to PT's so once the restaurant is closed, you can go to PT's HH for more hours of happiness :D
5	This place exceeded my expectations. I'm a huge sushi person and have been to dozens of places and this place is just WOW. I didn't make it to their happy hour, but didn't matter b/c I wanted to try their specialty items. The flavor was on point for every roll we tried. There was a group of 4 and our favorites were the Roppangi roll, yozu salmon for appetizer, Lisa Lisa, and new item angry wives roll. The flavors were so amazing that none of us even really touched the soy or ginger @our table. The staff was friendly and knowledgable. Specialty rolls are about $14/each... On avg our table spent about $50/person but we ordered nigiri and specialty rolls. Definitely worth the price!!
4	The sushi here is pretty good. We tried the Grand Canyon roll, Naked Girl, shrimp tempura sushi, Lisa Lisa roll and salmon skin salad. I wasn't too crazy about the salad and the baked sushi roll does melt in your mouth. The waitress was very attentive, we also sat near the window with a great Strip view. They also had 3 rolls and beer for $21. This was just today during Happy Hour and I would tell my friends to try this place!
5	Best sushi restaurant in town! me and my sister loves this place! everything is so fresh and yummy! and waitress is super sweet n kind! i wanna go again!!
5	Ate here for my birthday yesterday. The service was great and the sushi was amazing!! My husband and I polished off 5 rolls! We loved this place!
1	We are regulars at this place and for some reason, the meal we had this time around was not very good. We usually only order nigiri but they tend to be out of many things  on their menu. We often times have to substitute with other things. Last night, we just ordered the snapper which was good, premium uni was excellent but the salmon, blue fin, and scallop roll were terribly fishy. I've my my share of blue fin tuna to know what it should taste like, and fresh blue find taste like the ocean. We needed our meal early because we couldn't eat after eating the fishy fish. We would always consider this a 4 start restaurant for the quality and service but after that meal, we will give it a 1 star. For me, fishy fish is the deal breaker. The chef should have tasted the fish before they decide to serve it to their customers. Unfortunately, we will not be returning to this place.
5	This place is my favorite sushi place in Vegas.  I would tell you what what my favorites are but I'm afraid they'll be sold out when I show up....  JK. Very fresh sushi selections. They do a really nice Spanish mackerel and will even fry the bones after you're done with the meat!  The miso sea bass is always fantastic, sweet and tender.  The GTR, Ultimate Naked Fish, and Ropangi rolls are some of my favorites.  Nice sake selection.  Great friendly personalized service.  There are seriously a few things that are in short supply that I won't tell you about. You'll have to find them yourselves!
5	Great place! Nice atmosphere and yummy food. Lasagna roll is to die for!! The service is always good. This is one of my favorite places to dine at or get a quick late night snack during happy hour.
3	Good stuff but didn't take my yelp coupon. :( cuz it wasn't the right size appetizer. I would of known if they offered different sized appetizers.
4	I've been here well over 50 times over the last couple of years. Although it's not all that close to the strip, the view of the entire strip is amazing!
5	I absolutely love this sushi place! This is like a 2 or 3 day a week ordeal for me. Their rolls are so delicious! Happy hour is usually right when they open for an hour then again at 10pm - 2am! Suzy and Wanda are amazing. They always greet me by name when I walk in. George, Alfredo, Peter, and Giovanni are always such great energy and fun to talk to when sitting at the sushi bar! I'm usually a very picky eater but I have no problem trying new things because they're so good at what they do! I highly recommend this sushi spot! The view of the strip is outrageously beautiful and I love the vibes all around!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!! I went with a bunch of friends to celebrate a birthday. There were about 12 of us total and the staff was so awesome! We were visiting from Hawaii and this was my first time here. We ordered from their happy hour menu and their rolls were soooo GOOD! Coming from Hawaii, there are a lot of sushi places, but Naked Fish was such a different experience. You could definitely taste the quality and freshness of their food. Our waitress, Watchiri (sorry if wrong spelling) and a female manager/owner(?) were so patient with us and made sure we got our meals promptly and were just overall really welcoming. They brought out complimentary birthday desserts for our two birthday boys, and it was more than enough for everybody! The dessert was their take on fried ice cream and it was superb! We really enjoyed our experience here and will definitely return when we visit Vegas again! :) Thanks again to Naked Fish's for a wonderful experience!!
5	I gave this place another try and I am really happy I did because they have redeemed their previous service mishaps in my book! I like the:Spicy Tuna RollYum Yum RollDragon Fly RollJapanese Lasagna Roll Hot green Tea This place has deep fried rolls which is great for people who do not usually like sushi! They have a large selection of Sakes.
4	Can't even remember what we all ordered but everything was good. I plan on going back.
3	3.5 stars total. Had dinner here last night based on my friend's recommendation. I'd rate the service 4 stars. The staff tried a little too hard at being friendly, borderline intrusive, but was quick for the most part. The rolls came out in a timely manner, though the Hamachi Kama (salmon collarbone) took awhile. Drinks were refilled often. Comfort: One star. I sat in the center table and it was quite cramped to get in and out with the big chairs. This problem is magnified on a busy night as people are walking all over the place and it is a journey just to get to the nearby restroom. I sat at a table for four, though I was with just one friend; I could imagine it being exponentially uncomfortable if the table was full. The booth seems like it would've been a better experience. As every business day goes by, I don't see how they haven't noticed this issue. Maybe they do but figure it's not a problem worth fixing.Food: 4 stars. Above average. The rolls were delicious and well crafted. Presentation was simple yet appealing. The Hamachi Kama was pretty standard, alongside the shrimp tempura. I wasn't thrilled about the Miso soup. I didn't finish it; maybe because it isn't really my thing, but it did seem quite salty/subpar. They offer a choice of one free of two appetizers if you check in on Yelp (hey, free is free; but now it's obviously more of an advertisement than a good deal as it doesn't say choose from two); edamame or cucumber salad (which I opted for). It was decent.Overall a 3.5 stars. I could easily add another one star, and this place could become a go-to spot, if they worked on those issues. Prices were standard to a little high ($40-ish if you want to leave full). Not really feeling this place right now, but I'd probably come back again during happy hour when it's cheaper and less crowded.
5	Love Naked Fish!  Best deal is happy hour after 10p or 5p-6p. Here for dinner tonight with my sis and regular menu has great deals. Yum!
4	This place is geat.  I had the sun devil roll and cucumber salad.  Both delicious. -- the sauce on the roll to die for.  My sister had the salmon dinner which Includes misogyny soup, salad and tempura.
