5	Wonderful experience.  Awesome rooms and friendly staff.Will elaborate more later.
5	I must say - business travel has spoiled me rotten. I came to Wild Horse Resort for a conference and I can't wait to go there for myself. Let me step back - I don't like Phoenix. I don't like Arizona - I'm sorry! it's nothing personal, it's just too hot and sandy. BUT this Sheraton is by far one of the most amazing resorts/hotels I've been to. I can't overestimate the staff and the accomodations. The whole place is a 3-story terracota where every room has a little balcony - I loved it! It's not in the city, so you get a magnificent view too. The staff was just applaudable. At night, they have a bonfire going on the patio outside and guests just hang around, sipping wine or coffee or whatever.  Please take the time to check out their spa. It was the most luxurious experience, the whole spectrum, from the body wrap to the soap in their showers. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The restaurants were a little pricey and too fancy for my taste. I don't blame them though, I'm a simple girl - I just went to the pool side cafe and had a perfect pulled pork sandwich with pineapple chutney and avocado salad... Did i mention they were also showing football on TV?
4	I love a good hotel.  I stay in about 20 a year, and this is in my top five.  First, let me say I would only stay here with my kids as the rooms are only OK.  It's a Sheraton branded property, which is part of the Starwood program (always stick with your loyalty program).  But there is the slide.. Sorry not yet.The architecture is that Santa Fe look with cactus and a  casino nearby (the hotel is on a reservation).  It is a maze of rooms and you could be walking really far to your room.  and there is the slide... oh not yet.Finally, there is the resort charge.  Generally I don't stay in hotels with a resort charge as I'm on business and don't get to use the facilities.  On this trip I was with the family and we spent a bunch of time in the pool.  I think my kids will always like phoenix because of the pools.  They are amazing.  Which brings me to the slide (a water slide to be exact).  About 20 feet high, a tight corkscrew that is faster than I care to go (although I rode it about 20 times over an afternoon). The best part is your going down it with a million kids.  It's like a conga line of death at (what seems like) 50 miles an hour.  It is great.  Go off season as I would feel like a chump paying full rack to go here.  Bring the kids.  Have fun.
5	I gotta give this place 5 stars because well... this is MY rez! :DThe Sheraton Wild Horse Pass is located on the Gila River Indian Community which is home to me! Cher T.! :D I really do like this place. I've been there maaaaany times performing or just looking about. I like the traditional art work on display outside the ball rooms as well as all the photography and paintings in the hallways.  On the celing of the two story lobby, is a mural of our creation story and ways of life. I hope you like it.I have never eaten at any of WHP's resturants, but let me tell you... Kai is CRAZY expensive!! I've heard of ppl paying nearly $100 a head! that's insane to me! But hey, if you have the money honey... Kai totally has the time! Also another note in Kai, their food is a nice homage to traditional O'odham food, but it's not all the way there... there's tthings on that menu that some O'odham won't eat. Like Buffalo. But I'm told its a great fancy-shmancy place to go when u want to get laid... or save ur marriage as one councilmen joked.I have no idea what non-community members pay for rooms there, but the rate has prolly went up since it hosted the NY Giants during this past super bowl. But either way... if you've got the dougn to spend on a nice place, this is it and I'm told the water slide kicks ASS!! Or if you're at the casino and am waaay tired of fighting old ppl for the last piece of fried chicken at the casino buffet and just want something nice and quiet and you just hit it big at the blackjack table... then take the soonest boat and treat yourself to a meal at the resort!
5	This hotel is a great place to spend your afternoons laying out by the pool sipping margaritas! After the poolside expirence you are able to head over to the casino in a boat. The rooms are great and the food is amazing!
5	Wow, this place is breathtaking.  From the waterfall on the inside to the great view on the outside, I felt as though everything was well kept.  Parking was easy and plentiful.  While I didn't eat at any of the restaurants, the food look very appetizing and I would like to dine at one during my next visit.  The shops were fun, too.
5	This resort is absolutely amazing. I am an event planner for HP and I came here for a small event (about 15 people) and I never once felt like I was doing work. From the moment you enter the property you feel like you been whisked away do a little piece of heaven.I had the opportunity to spend some time (8 hours) at the Aji Spa. EVERYONE should go there. I had everything done from a facial, to a hot stone massage, to a pedicure. The most tremedous spa experience I've ever had. If you have the opportunity to go to this spa - ask for Mike. He's like the jolly green giant with hands of an angel!!!!Second, the pool...where do I begin. The scenery by the pool is outstanding. With the mountains in the background, the golf course in the foreground and a little tiki-hut type bar to serve you all day long, you can't go wrong here. There are multiple types of pools, hot tub, water slide, misting tents, and anything else you could want for a perfect day in the sun.The FOOD!!! I'm a food junkie so I have pretty high standards. This place surpassed my expectations and blew me away. From the food we had catered for our event to the 7 course meal we had at Kai, my tastebuds was absolutely in heaven! After dining at Kai, I returned to my room to find a hand-written thank you note from my server with a little box of chocolates. Talk about impressive! That's a way to win a girl's heart and her business. Also, their wine list (approx. 600 wines) has everything you could ever ask for.I have nothing but perfect things to say about this resort. The staff is amazing - I feel like every single person called me by name. The cultural manager came and spoke to our group about the history of the Pima and Maricopa tribes. What a fantastic story!! That made the stay that much more enjoyable...I could ramble on for pages about this place, but if you want to know more just send me a message. I would be happy to rave some more!
1	Awful front desk staff, actually we were dealing with the front desk manager.  She was totally incompetant and not willing to help, very arrogant and stuck up. We asked for a room upgrade and got a cold shoulder, I guess they don't like giving room upgrades in this hotel.  As Sammy S said in his review they kicked him out!!!!  I don't think I'll be going back to this hotel considering all the other choices I have.
5	I never went to the resort, I went to the spa and it was EVERYTHING I though a resort spa could be. When you walk in, you're walking into a hotel, but the second you walk into the spa waiting room, the WHOLE atmosphere changes. You're suddenly on cloud 9! They have the whole steam room and many jaquzzi's, a beautiful pool looking out onto the rez, and almost pool side service, a waitor came up to myself and my party and had gently asked us if we needed anything. He didn't dissapear either when we said no, i mean he was easy to find later. GREAT FACIAL, GREAT MASSAGEWorth every penny!
5	100% prettiest, fanciest place i've ever seen in my life.  absolutely breathtaking.  from the lobby with rock features and waterfall, to the lit up painted ceiling, to the enormous pools that overlook golf courses and lakes as well as wide 360 views of the surrounding mountains, etc... just... wow.  even the stairs have little decorations as big as my head.  a random pot of flowers sitting in a corner was twice as tall as me.  i felt like a little ant.
5	This place is beautiful and it has everything you need. I love to play the golf courses. Tough golf courses. Play them from the tips and you will know what professionals have every weekend. The pool is such a relaxing place to chill and have a margarita. And then there's Kai. I heard it's one of only 14 restaurants in the country that are both 5 Star and  Diamond.
3	This place was really pretty and I enjoyed most of my stay here.  Where it lost a star was the air conditioning in the rooms was really annoying.  Phoenix is hot and you really need good AC in a hotel that is in the middle of the desert.  At night, no matter how cold me set it, it kept shutting off and then turning back on 3 min later. But, the on/off kept waking us up. IN addition, it would get really warm and uncomfortable.  So, we had a terrible night sleep.As for the pluses:-the views were gorgeous-the staff was friendly-they had a neat plan where if you opted out of housekeeping for a day they'd give you a $5 credit at the bar.  -there were a lot of amenities.  Unfortunately, we didn't get to take advantage of too many of them.
3	My husband and I stayed here for two nights to celebrate our anniversary.  When we got to our room there was a half bottle of champagne and a plate of chocolate dipped strawberries waiting for us.  Great touch- only problem was the strawberries were rotten.I loved the bathroom- it was spacious and had a nice deep tub and seperate glass shower.  It had a magnifying mirror and scale, heavy/quality doors and knobs.  Very lush.We had a problem with the tv in our room.  It wasn't working properly and we would spend 5 minutes just trying to change the channel.  Someone was sent to our room to give us a new remote but it didn't help. Our room was on the top floor (4th) and we had a great view of the stars at night.  Only problem was there was only one chair on our balcony so we had to call housekeeping to bring another one.We spent all day Saturday laying out at the beautiful pool with live music.  Once we figured out that there are flags on the back of the chair and you put them up to get a waiters attention we had great service.  We drank delicous banana daquiris and root beer floats.  My husband ate chicken wings and I had a veggie burger (so so so yummy!) for lunch.  Later on I ordered a fruit salad that was rotten.  I guess they just don't have high quality fruit between the choc dip strawberries and the fruit salad?!The first night we had dinner at Kai- FANTASTIC.  I will do a seperate review for it.The second night we ate at Kosin.  I was very disappointed.  When we arrived for dinner on a Saturday night we were asked if we had reservations.  We did not.  We could not be seated unless we ate outside by the pool  We were fine with that- it actually was a lovely place to eat as it was very cool for a summer night in AZ.  When walked out there you could see that 2/3 of the restaurant was empty.  I thought it weird they didn't have enough staff to serve dinner to the people staying at the hotel since it was the only other dinner option for guests that didn't have reservations at Kai.  The food was expensive for the hotels casual restaurant.  I ordered a pasta that I was told was vegetarian.  It was actually made with chicken stock and hurt my stomach almost instantly.  I was unable to eat it.  The waiter took it back to the kitchen and still charged us for it!!!  Unbelievable!!!
5	This place has everything on the grounds: 6 swimming pools, a water slide, ponds, the Gila River, a boat taxi, spa, casino, equestrian center, golf courses, a gift shop, a deli/coffee shop, a lobby bar, and 4 restaurants. All the rooms each have a balcony with table and chairs. The rooms are equipped with 52" flat screen TVs. The bathrooms each have a tub and standup shower. Even though it was my first time in the Phoenix area, I didn't want to leave the resort. And even though we did spend 2/3 of our time on the resort (we were in town for a total of 4 days), we didn't get enough time to enjoy all the facilities. For $95/night (thanks, Expedia!), this was worth every penny! The spa is way overpriced, but the price of food was fair, especially at Hanyo Pool Bar & Grill.
5	WOW. I was here for a wedding this past Saturday night and and let me tell you it was very nice. The wedding ceremony was small and was held outside in a cute area that was quite hard to find but the staff were very helpful and friendly for someone that was very lost. After the ceremony, we walked over to our private area for the cocktail hour before the dinner. Again another nice area and it was the perfect size for this very small and very cozy wedding. The dinner was buffet style and was very good. My favorite dish were these steak medallions with risotto. I actually went back for a little more because it was so good. YUM! Needless to say I had a great time at the wedding and the Sheraton Wild Horse really did a great job making my friends day extra special!
5	This is a wonderful resort managed by Sheraton hotels and owned by the local First Nations tribes (I'm glad they stole that phrase from the Canadians, just like apparently some early 20th century visitors stole their water).  But there's plenty of water now, in the form of swimming pools (I counted 3, where'd y'all come up with 6?) as well as the little canal which a boat pilot can take you to the nearby casino.  Permission to board, Captain?  The resort was quiet, calm, just very relaxing.  I love reading the New York Times by a pool with the AZ sun beating down on me.  It's easy to get to from I-10.  (Once again, don't rely on google map stuff, just keep on going straight from exit 162 across 48th and you'll eventually run right into it.)
5	I came home and there was an extra $13.97(U.S.) charge on my credit card from this joint.  Is this a racket?  Did I not prepay some kind of Occupancy Tax for the Rez?  My charges upon checking out were:NY Times, Arizona Republic, bockkle of orange juice = $5.25 x 2 (I woulda drunk up a storm at the nifty pool-side bar, but it's Arizona and I gotta drive places, baby.)Well I talked to Kristie in accounting (who must have a cool job, if you're going to be an accountant why not at a resort?) it was some kind of computerized mini-bar malfunction, she tells me, and zip--it's off the bill.  I appreciate this kind of service.
4	For Mother's Day weekend, my parents got a room here - a nice little "stay-cation".  While I didn't have a room, I did spend the whole day here with the family.The staff here seems to be excellent, friendly and professional.  The pool area is awesome, lots of space, and plenty of lounge chairs to relax on.  Afternoon is shy on shade, a common problem in Arizona, but reason enough to abandon the pool for the inside.The lobby is fantastic, huge windows with amazing views, a waterfall and a coffee shop and bar in caves.The rooms are nicely appointed, and comfortable, with patios or balconies.  The whole Sheraton is non smoking, so all the rooms smell nice.  The bathroom had both a large tub and a huge walk in shower.  Sound didn't seem to carry into the rooms from the neighbors or the hallway.And like all Sheratons, you have got to try the mandarin lotion!  They have a river that not only helps keep the are cooler in the summer, and boats that will take you to the golf course or Rawhide - little water taxis and great guides. They have done a great job bringing the Gila River Indian Community history and tradition into a modern hotel, without being hokey. I'll be recommending the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort to anyone looking for a place to stay here in the Valley!
1	I booked this hotel with the hopes of a relaxing weekend by the four pools.  I booked through Perfect Escapes because of the free room upgrad and early check in.  When my boyfriend and I arrived at the hotel, we were told it would be 30-60 min before our room was ready.  Not a huge deal, so we had the bell desk hold our bags and decided to check out the pool area.  As soon as we walked outside we hear extremely loud jackhammering going on.  They were using jackhammers at what looked like two of the four pools.  It was so loud we could stand side by side and not hear each other and it stirred up so much dust it was hard to see.  We immediately asked inside how long it would be going on.  They then told us it would be going on the entire weekend until 4 p.m. each day.  There was no indication of construction on the resort website or perfect escapes. Disappointing after $45 cab ride to the resort and then another $45 cab ride to another resort after then paying to use the hotel internet to find another resort.  I go to the Phoenix area often and have staid at Camelback Inn, Hyatt Gainey Ranch and Hotel Indigo.  All were wonderful accomodations.  From the look of this hotel on several websites, it was quite beautiful and relaxing and very comparable to the other resorts in the area.  Unfortunately, I never even made it to the room due to the construction.  It was not the relaxing weekend I had planned for.  The construction should have been disclosed on all websites linked to the hotel.
3	The hubby's employer held an event here. We didn't stay overnight so can't comment on the rooms, but as we were driving the 1.5 miles from the main entrance to the convention center lobby, I found myself thinking I would love to come back and explore the grounds.  It's absolutely beautiful, secluded and private. While we were waiting in line to check in, they served us h'or d'oeuvres. Thought that was pretty neat.I had two margaritas, and unfortunately the beers were stronger. Tasted like fruity lemonade. Disappointing- was it because I had a drink ticket? Dinner was a buffet, with chicken and steak as the main dishes, and it was also so-so. I should have filled up on their salad (with peppercorn ranch dressing) and bread because those were the best items. I hope it's not what they serve in their restaurant, because it definitely wouldn't be worth the price. The service was the best part, and it was pretty top-notch. I would like to stay here someday, would be a nice get-away. I'm sure things are better if you are an actual guest of the resort versus part of some corporate party.
5	Oh how sweet this place is! Serene and engaging. It it beautifully designed and restful with the many water appointments and private areas to just relax and feel peaceful. You buy much more than a room here. You buy a peaceful experience. I long to stay here again.
5	Stephen G. hit the nail on the head - "You buy a peaceful experience". I was looking for a resort/spa but also wanted to take advantage of horseback riding as much as I could. This resort definitely exceeded my expectations - the staff is AMAZING (friendly, accommodating, etc), the food was delicious, the resort is beautiful and the rooms were also clean and well-maintained. Everyone I encountered went the extra mile with regard to service. I came back to NYC completely rejuvenated.
2	I came here on a business trip I was less than impressed. They claim to be the #1 Sheraton in the nation for hospitality and quality service's....haha! Upon checking in they decided to hold my debit card for $200 a night in case of incidentals. Now if you have a credit card, they won't change you anything...rediculous! When I explained that I was on a business trip and that there would be no incidentals, the GQ guy behind the counter said "it's policy and if you don't like it, then you don't have to stay". I asked to speak to a manager and he told me no one was available...yeah right!! I think he was just on a power trip. The room was nice nonetheless, but it smelled like smoke...grose! Especially for someone who has never smoked. But they made it a point to tell me it was a nonsmoking room while checking in and with the signs/cards all over the room. Also, don't bring your gym cloths unless you want to take a hike to the facility (seriously) and then pay $20/day when you get there. Something they don't tell you on their website. The pool is really cool, especially for kids with the twisty slide. They also have a fire pit to roast marshmallows. The best part of the whole trip was the boat ride to the Rawhide Ranch. The Ranch was ehh, but the boat driver was a riot with his awesome serenading voice. He is the reason for the additional star and that is it! I'm sure glad that I wasn't footing the bill otherwise I would have been super disappointed.
4	Gorgeous grounds, impeccable service, top-notch food -- so why only four stars? I stayed here three nights for a work conference. Akin to a Vegas casino hotel, my room was a good 15 minute walk to the conference area, and due to poor design, I had to walk to an elevator, go up two floors, walk another 100 yards through the hotel lobby, then head back down the two floors via elevator or stairs.  It was more than slightly ridiculous.  I'd have thought that my Starwood Preferred Guest Gold status would earn me a better room; alas, I was stuck across from the ice machine and precisely where housekeeping (all of whom were incredibly nice and professional) would leave their cart. And it's where people decided to leave their used room service trays, for some unknown reason. The internet was painfully slow, even using the cable. If you go here for a conference, ask to be on the same side as the conference center, or at least ask to be on the 3rd floor if you're on the other side, or at least remotely closer to the elevator. On the plus side, I can't say enough about how friendly each staff member is at this place.  It's well insulated, so you're not able to hear those in neighboring rooms, which is a definite plus, too.
5	This review is specific review for "Reflections" bar at the Wild Horse Pass. Tammy, the bartender makes an excellent Cadillac Margarita.
4	Very nice place... stayed two nights for my wife's work function... Beautiful grounds, nice Native American Indian motive throughout...As a previous review noted, the grounds are spread out over a wide area...  but we were not dismayed as it allowed us an opportunity to walk off some of the GREAT food this place serves...Would have given 5 stars if their 5 star restaurant was open... but as we were there Sunday and Monday nights, which are the same nights that Kai is closed, I was EXTREMELY disappointed I did not get to try their menu, along with the extensive wine list!My wife enjoyed her Aji spa treatment provided by her company (facial) and said it's the best she's had, and she's had her fair share over the years...Didn't need them, but I would have been bummed had I needed either WiFi or the Gym, as they charge for both...
2	Stayed three nights for an on site conference.  Service is what you would expect.  Room is slightly less than what you would expect.  Food is fine.Here is what I did not expect: as an SPG gold level member to be put in one of the rooms farthest from everything with a view of the parking lot.  To be charged almost $300/night AND THEN an additional $13/day for wired, yes wired, internet access in my room.  Insult to injury $8 for a beer.  And the "authentic" Native American decor - cheesy.  Almost to the point of insulting.  Burning sage in the lobby?  Really?In summary, I felt they took advantage of a group bringing them several hundred customers for four days.Fail.
3	This is an inexpensive resort and you truly get what you paid for. The grounds are nice, the rooms are so-so. I paid $179 during high season and figured there's a reason in cheaper than the Courtyard, though it's considered a "Resort".On the positive side the grounds are nice and the parking was free.
2	Very disappointed. The grounds were nice, the food was good, and the service was hospitable and friendly. However, $13/day for wired Internet in the room, and $20/day to use the fitness center? And even worse, the rooms will never, ever get colder than 68F, even if you set the thermostat to 60F. Yes, I called to complain that my room was warm, even when the thermo was set to it's coldest setting of 60F. They sent a tech who adjusted the vents and then said that they have green-friendly thermostats that are pre-programmed to not let the room get colder than 68F, and that they get frequent complaints, even from staff. What did they do about it? Nothing except to offer to bring me a small fan and offer apologies. If you like a cool room to sleep in, this is not the place. And the walk to some of the rooms is long, which isn't an issue if you have time on your hands (which I didn't - I was here for a conference). There are much better values around the US, I would skip this place altogether.
4	This is the fourth time I have stayed at this resort. The staff is always friendly and helpful. Every mother's day weekend my bf and I go there for a private event help by City of Hope to raise money for breast cancer awareness. The staff always is there helping us with whatever we need. The rooms are always clean and beautiful. I love the pool, since you have a few to choose from. There is a pool with a slide, water spouts and one that is a gradual. The drinks are pretty good too such as the prickly pair mojito. I suggest getting an order of fries and onion rings because it was a huge order for 8.50 and the onion didn't just come out with one bite leaving you with all the batter. I cannot wait to volunteer again and help at next year's event.
4	Lovely. Just finished my second vacation there.  If you are looking for a relaxing poolside vacation in the sun and heat this is the place.
4	As a "staycation" July 3rd, one night, me and my partner. Another set of friends also stayed that weekend. Service: impeccable with one glitch, not worth mentioning. From smooth check in to the nice guy who rounded up an umbrella for us at the pool, service was at Ritz Carlton level, unpretentious yet solicitous. Food: room service quality was good, but unimaginative and somewhat pricey for what you get. They were quite quick with it however. Poolside grill was somewhat better but nothing spectacular. If I was a real tourist, I'd hit downtown Tempe or elsewhere for some real Southwestern food. Room: nice, small-ish but not cramped. Bed was comfy, view was of the desert but wasn't offensive. Balcony was a nice touch.Overall decor: while I agree with the poster who says the decor is a bit cheesy, after living in AZ for 40 years, I'd say it is the Indian motif done better than some. If I had never been exposed to this motif before, I suppose I may be somewhat impressed. Pool: very nice, lots of lounge chairs, lots of pool edge to be near. Also pretty easy to escape the kids at one of the deeper pools by the golf course. Very nice having the golf course and AZ skyline view from the water. Negative: did somewhat feel "nickel and dimed" as a previous poster indicated. Who charges for parking in Arizona? Didn't use Internet but would have been miffed at a charge. Oh, and $8 for a Bud Light is a bit much. I pay that for Corona at the Del Coronado Hotel. Positive: valet has a fridge and will give you bottles of cold water. Excellent touch. Summary: flawless service and exquisite setting can make up for cheesy decor and so-so food.
5	What can I say...I was here for 5 nights on a business trip and fell in love the first time. I returned again and was not disappointed. Awesome Gym and very clean and large rooms, great food as well. Great gambling too.Well worth $400 per night. They also have rooms for lower price as well. give them a try. You won't be disappointed
2	One of the dullest hotels I've stayed in.  Food was subpar.  Sheets smelled of mildew and A/C was not properly working.  When I woke up, I swear I thought I was in a cheap motel and not a Sheraton.  Wifi only in the lobby area.  There is free wired internet in the rooms.
5	I stayed here for a business meeting and I loved every minute of it!  I actually booked an extra two nights so that I could do some sightseeing and relaxing.  The resort is on an Indian Reservation outside of Chandler.  If you are flying into Phoenix, it is about 20-25 minutes from the airport.  For those gambling inclined, there is also a Wild Horse Casino (and hotel) that is down the road.  The hotel was gorgeous, decorated in a southwest motiff.  The gym was large and had updated equipment and machines.  There were several pools and a waterslide (which I tried of course) that overlook the mountains.  Also, I went horseback riding early one morning with a guide, it is offered through the resort, it was decently priced and worth it.  There are a few trails in the surrounding desert with historical points of interest.  While I was there one evening at dusk, a dust storm blew through - it was actually really cool and only lasted a short time.  Scottsdale is a short driving distance away.  There are some nice local shops and eateries in that area to explore.  Would highly recommend this resort.
4	The Sheraton is located in the Gila River native american territory.It is a beautiful hotel with a breathtaking native american artwork theme.The colors of the building and the landscape make the hotel blends perfectly with the desert and mountains.They are three large pools, three hot tubs, and a slide. The pools are resort style and shallow. Do not expect to do laps. Sunbathing and relaxing by the pool is perfect.The ceiling in the lobby has beautiful native american artwork. The hotel has a relax feel.The hotel provides great options to eat. From the bar by the pool that serves bar food to Kai that serves high end native american gourmet cuisine. Ko'sin is less expensive but serves great good and drinks. See my review.The rooms are large wih a bath tub and a shower. Both sides the view is great. If you want to go to the spa ask for a room in the Puma wing. The aji spa is $20 for hotel guest. The gym is inside the spa.For runner a 2.5-mile trail ( round trip) brings you along the Gila river. Go in the morning to avoid the heat. Continuing on the trail will lead you to the Casino!Parking is free.No wifi in the hotel! It was a surprise.The staff has the front desk and in the restaurants was attentive and friendly.
4	Let's get one thing aired out first: I was here on business. I would not normally be able to afford such a nice place (much less without the generous discount given to conference attendants like myself). That said, if you can afford it, I highly recommend.The hotel is amazing. The grounds are gorgeously serene, the rooms are clean and comfortable, and the staff are impressively helpful without feeling pushy.Some of the nitty-gritty: * It costs to use the gym, either on a daily pass or you can pay one sum for your full stay. * There is only wired internet in the rooms, which also requires payment. If you still need internet access, there's free wifi in the lobby areas, or computers at no cost to guests.* Water supplied to the hotel comes from the nearby Gila River Indian Community state of the art water treatment plant, and it tastes FANTASTIC. Don't you dare buy bottled water while you're here. Fill up from the tap!
1	The best part of staying at this hotel was leaving it. I stayed here 8 interminable nights during a client conference. Each day was greeted by new (and bizarre) service defects. The restaurant opens (but mostly closes) at the convenience of staff. A vacuum never once touched the carpet in my room. Service trays rotted on corridor floors for days. Oh, and if your cell phone breaks and you need to briefly check your voice mail from your room (the property is in the middle of nowhere), they charge you $20 for a 30 second call. (update: to their credit, they did credit me for the calls)I could go on but I have to see my therapist in an effort to recover from my Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort. There are lots of great resorts in the Phoenix but this one isn't even in the running and should be avoided at all costs.
3	I give this place three stars...Don't get me wrong... it's a beautiful place.  Awesome Native American atmosphere... well appointed decore.. nice staff.  It's cray-cray far from anywhere you want to be... but I guess that was expected if you want to 'really' get a way from civilization.My room was literally south Tucson.  The furthest from the conference center... with no to little wifi.. which sucks.My room was clean... nice.. bed and pillows were comfy... but.. I could hear the guests next to me talking.. their music.. and midnight groaning....slapping and all sorts of funny animals noises.. not what I would call comforting.Would I stay again... maybe.
2	Second time here, first was a magical stay, this time NOT so much! Checked in and checked our room out, BATCAVE. I DON'T think so. Next room, will have to do! For $200 to $300 a night I expect a lot more. Grounds and Hotel are pretty awesome, visually that is. Rooms, eh, OK at best. You can hear other guest from your room, WTF. Bring lots of money with you, you're trapped out in the middle of nowhere and they have you by the short ones. The rooms I requested could not be had cause a football team was here last minute! Last time for Sheratons for us! Funny, last time we stayed here we saw wild horses in the distance from our room. This time just golfers every where, would like to have seen wild horses again but I guess they are history, too bad!
2	As a Starwood Gold member I have to say the service here was literally "worst in class".  Don't bother going to the lobby bar...you will sit for hours before being served, don't rod food, they will mess up the order...Dont ask them to go out of their way...they won't.. As a gold preferred member I did not even get a Starwood preferred guest room...very irritating.  The concierge and pool bar manager were great, other than that the service was awful.  FYI...be ready to walk...the rooms are very spread out!
2	I stayed at the Sheraton for a convention and while the actual grounds and facilities are very nice, there is a lot to be desired as anything but a company paid destination, I would never go again. I am a gold Starwood member, so stay at a lot of Sheraton properties.I'm used to paying resort rates for food, drinks and service, but this place is over the top on their prices. There is a lack of mid prices choices for dining as my number one complaint.They have two restaurants a $$$$ and a $$$ priced choice. It really should be $$$$$ and $$$$. At there mid priced restaurant  a Filet is $38. and everything else was also priced as a high priced place. I  would hate to see what the prices are at the high end restaurant.They have a lobby bar and for anyone who goes to conventions, many times this would be a gathering spot and for eating in a casual manor. Well if you could squeeze 10 people in, it would be a stretch. They are missing the boat here as the bar was tiny. Never did get to buy a drink there.Went on a Saturday morning at 8:30 am to the small coffee shop, guess what they were out of almost all there food choices. Get a clue Sheraton, there are no walk in customers, you know how many people will be at the facility on any given day, plan accordingly!I had shipped a package to the facility by UPS. I tracked it and it arrived as scheduled on a Thursday. Guess what, no call as to it's arrival. I finally called at 4:00PM on the Friday asking it be delivered to my room and they said they would send it up. 6 hours later still no box. I ended up tracking it down on Saturday.The only room issue we had was the doors slam when they close, so as soon as the first person leaves their room in the morning, you get your morning wake-up slam. Also if anyone is talking in the hall, it sound like they are standing next to you in your room.So for my $ there are a lot better choices. The Sheraton's overprice will cost them in the long run as they will not have repeat customers. To bad, nice grounds, but customers notice what is lacking. I was wondering why there were so few people staying there with the exception of one day, but after staying there I can see why it was not crowded.
4	Alas at the end of a series of winding roads, just when you think you might have taken the wrong turn....the resort appears like an oasis amidst the desert. Do not be in a hurry....but I think that's the whole point isn't it?As I was slumbering here, all the way from Scottsdale for a conference, I did not get to use many of the amenities at the resort. But I did have a very memorable dinner at Kai.Every menu cover displayed a different tale of the Native Americans - each with a hand-painted pictorial or petroglyph telling a tale. Five courses of blissful journey to Happyland - can I just tell you that food with a story and journey makes all the difference!Service was impressive!My only grunt: As a courtesy, please place screaming children in a separate room from all adult diners. Kind of takes away from the whole Zen-like experience. But I will be back - the views of the golf course were very inviting. Hats off to whomever manicured the fairways - not a blade out of place.
5	Love this place!  Went for a stay-cation with the girls for a spa day and stayed the night.  I can't wait to go back!  You are in the city but feels miles away!  The spa is amazing!  Wonderful adults only pool with great refreshing food and drinks.  Then our rooms were clean and comfortable.  Dinner at Kai was nothing short of superb, and breakfast the next morning on the patio over looking the golf course and pool area was also very good.  Overall a wonderful night away.
3	This is a lovely resort, but more of an effort should be made to rid the lobby bar of flies...The spa is AMAZING!
5	Beautiful hotel and grounds for the price. You will pay more for hotels that are not as nice in the area. They are located just off of I-10 and south of the 202, but very easy to get to. Go to the lobby and get some Starbuck's Coffee in the morning and then take the 2.5 mile walk around the resort. I saw a road runner, rabbits, lizards and birds. If you are lucky, you may see a rattle snake or other interesting wild life. Don't worry, they are more affraid of you. The views from the room is awesome. The staff is awesome. Depending where your room is at, it can be a long walk from the lobby to your room. We where at the end on the 3rd floor and I was told it's a quarter mile from the lobby to my room. Not a big deal at all.
4	I brought the family out for a fun weekend prior to a conference that I was attending at this hotel the following week.  A great hotel for the kids with plenty of places to walk and lots to do.  The girls loved the relay races and cannonball contests in the pool and the watermelon eating contest and of course swimming and the water slide.  We didn't have a car so we didn't venture off property.  Eating on the property and going to Rawhide (old western town brought back to life; very fun, but clearly a tourist trap) were nice (the food was good), but rather expensive.  It was a vacation though and eating on resort is always going to be expensive.One of my daughters has food allergies and the staff was usually very accommodating allowing her to substitute something in her meal for something that she wasn't allergic to without additional charge.  Once we were charged several dollars extra for having to substitute fruit for something else and unfortunately they made only a VERY vain effort to try and remediate the situation.  I expected better from that experience, but that was a one-off in what was otherwise a very fun, very relaxing weekend.
5	We had our wedding here on Saturday. It was awesome. Sandra the coordinator was amazing and I knew that she would take care of everything. It was beautiful and was better than I imagined! I would highly recommended Wild Horse Pass Resort and Spa for a wedding.They gave us a bridal ready room which was so nice! We had an awesome staff helping us and the food was to die for! We got tons of compliments.
3	My husband and I stayed here for two nights during a conference he was attending in the hotels conference center.  Our room was nice enough and the resort grounds were beautiful.  We didn't get to expierience all that this place has to offer with only being there 3 days and having all of the meals and activities planned for us by the company running the conference.  There were a few things that could have made our stay better.  First of all as many other reviewers have stated the rooms were very warm.  I understand that it was 107 degrees outside during our stay and that this can make it difficult to cool the indoors properly but I just can't sleep well if I'm too warm.  There has got to be some sort of solution they could come up with to remedy this situation.  Secondly it was impossible to get any sort of cold water out of the faucet in out room.  I must say drinking warm water is not very refreshing and I never could find the ice machine.  On a side note most of the other "resort" hotels I have stayed at placed buckets of fresh ice in our rooms daily so I was a little surprised this one does not, of course it would not have been a big deal if I could have found an ice machine on my own.  Third and perhaps the most annoying thing about this hotel is the layout/ size.  The walk from our room to the conference center was literally 15 minutes one way.  I'm certainly not the fastest walker in the world but I'm also not the slowest either. This definitely made for some tired feet and legs after having to walk back and forth at least 3 times per day.  For those of you counting that's an hour and a half everyday just walking to and from the meetings and meals.  I will also add that this was not just a long walk but a confusing one as well.  The only way to get across the hotel was to wind through the halls on our floor to the elevator, go up to the lobby, cut across the lobby to another elevator and take that back down to the floor with the conference center, then walk the last half a mile down a hallway to the meeting rooms we were assigned to.  It seems a little crazy that this was the only way to get to where we were going and after getting lost trying to simply take that first elevator down to the correct floor (skipping the jaunt across the lobby) I even asked at the front desk if there was a quicker/easier way and was told no.  Overall I might stay here again but if it were for another conference I would definitely request a room closer to the conference center.  The front desk staff were friendly and helpful each time I dealt with them and even helped me solve a billing issue I had with the spa.  This could have been a four star review if it weren't for all that unexpected walking.
5	Great experience at the Wild Horse Pass Resort & Spa.  Friendly staff.  Resort is away from other businesses/residences so it is secluded and quiet.  Has a few pools (one with a slide) and a couple jacuzzis.  Rooms were spacious and clean.  The rooms can be a little far from the parking lots so be prepared to walk a little distance.Overall, very relaxing. I would definitely consider staying here again the next time I am in Arizona for Spring Training.
5	Great resort, really nice rooms, and a great property with a great pool.  There is a creek that runs all over the property and it is a great little walk or run if the weather permits.  We usually go on stay-cation on the 4th of July to enjoy the pool and watch the fireworks show from Rawhide so we do not have to drive home in traffic.  There is a nice restaurant there and the service is spectacular.  Highly recommend this place, especially in the winter when the weather is best in Phoenix.  We came here this year with a huge group and the rain made it tough but they even hosted a festival inside one of their huge hall rooms (built for huge weddings) and the kids loved it and we got to have a bar and seating for the adults.  They took good care of us.
2	This place used to be a hidden gem, now something is definitely missing.This week we had out of town family visiting from California. Being Starwood preferred members and fans of the Wild Horse Pass area from a stay almost 6 years ago, they planned a 5 nights stay. I also got a room for one of the nights to have a mini staycation for my birthday.5 stars for the resort grounds and view. Watching the sunset over the mountains through the two story floor to ceiling windows in the lobby is an experience. Even being a local used to the AZ sunset, it's a sight to see. 4 stars for self parking not being convenient, the rooms being cramped and the pool area. The kids loved the pool complex with two shallow play pools(one with zero water line that is amazing for half submerged tanning and little ones), the water slide was surprisingly fun for young and old alike, and the "adult" pool has some great poolside fountains that are toddler friendly as well. As you can tell, the pool caters to families, it happens. If you want a true adult only pool stay somewhere with a bigger pool complex. Very comfortable lounge chairs and the pool bar staff were prompt and personable. The kids didn't seem to mind that the pool was warm but the adults might need some cool drinks to deal with the heat. The margaritas were nasty(unforgivable in AZ, especially on national tequila day) but the blood orange mojito was so refreshing. Be aware that the bottom of the pool is in dire need of resurfacing, it is a gritty plaster that will tear up your feet and knees if you aren't careful(but great if you desperately need a pedicure).3 stars for service. The whole week it was pretty hit or miss. Valet service and front desk was very attentive. Restaurant and bar service was great. Any staff you pass will look up and greet you. Pool got iffy as there was only ever one pool attendant for the entire pool and it could take awhile to get service, especially around shift changes in the afternoon. Extra activities like the "boat" rides, you better plan ahead and make sure they know you're coming because apparently they pack up early without letting anyone know. That made for some disappointed kiddos and no one seemed to want to take responsibility for it.The spa needs some scheduling tips as well. We also were brought a piece of chocolate cake(I'm assuming for my birthday?) however it was just left in the room at 10 AM while we were out, without a note, and it was in my family's room not mine so who knows for sure. Um, thanks?What brought it down to 2 stars was cleanliness. The resort is showing signs of neglect in this area. Cleaning crew apparently leave at 11 AM every day so if you don't request room cleaning by 9 AM you don't get it. Seemed more like a condo complex then a resort on that point. Room service trays sat in the hallway for most of the day. Cobwebs all over outside windows, bird droppings in the pool area, and stained carpet and ceiling tiles. But the clincher was the experience we had with my room. As we were preparing for bed, I was drawing the curtains closed and happened to look up at the valance. The corner was covered in spider webs and 5-6 live spiders! Albeit daddy long legs which are less scary then most spiders out here but still not roommates I appreciate. I then noticed more webs in the opposite corner of the room and another huge (alive) daddy long legs, this corner being almost directly above the bed. This would have been instant grounds to move rooms for me however we were given the room directly next to my family, it was already 1 AM, and a conference had just checked in so we were doubtful of getting another room. Armed with a can of hairspray we killed as many bugs as we could find and slept with a light on the rest of the night. It doesn't matter how amazing that heavenly bed is when you feel like you're going to have bugs on your face all night. I just don't understand how a cleaning crew misses something like that. I was going to let the front desk know but as I was checking out the next day over the phone, she cut me off before I had a chance to and hung up. Let's hope someone actually reads their questionnaires. There are so many amazing hotel and resort options in the Phoenix area, at great prices too during the summer. Unless they train their cleaning crew better, it's going to hurt their popularity.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights in late August. We got a killer last minute deal which is why I can say we enjoyed our stay. If we had paid regular price we would have been disappointed. The service is hit and miss. We had great service at the pool every day and at the golf course restaurant but based on what other reviewers have said about the staff I'm glad we didn't have any major issues that needed to be addressed. A huge complaint of mine would be that the restaurants, lobby bar and espresso bar seem to be on whatever schedule the staff decides that day despite the open/close times listed. I went down to the espresso bar every morning (around 8) and all but once it was already closed for the day. Same with the lobby bar. We would go every evening and only once was it open and we ended up leaving because we sat there for half an hour and the bartender still had not gotten to us. One day everything at the hotel was closed by 6 so we ended up having to take the boat to the casino and eat at the buffet. It was really shocking to us because it was summer and there were a lot of conferences going on so you would think everything would be super busy in the evenings. The other thing that should be noted is that EVERYTHING is soooo expensive. But that's typical with these kinds of resorts. And they don't comp things here. You will be charged for anything beyond just sleeping and the pool. Wi-Fi, using the gym, room telephones, etc.  And you will pay an arm and a leg eating at the restaurants. Again, this was not too bad for us as we got our room for cheap so paying so much for food kind of evened it out. We hardly ever saw hotel staff. It was like every day there were 5 people working the entire resort! The things I loved about staying here that made it all worth it are: The view is amazing! It's so beautiful spending the day lying at the pool with such spectacular surroundings. The food was actually really good. We had some expensive nice meals that were good and we had less expensive quickie stuff at the pool restaurant and golf course restaurant that was good as well (BBQ Chicken Pizza was so good). The rooms are nice. Again, I'm not sure they are as nice as they should be if you pay full price but for the deal we got we liked them. They are "cozy" and the bed is very comfortable. I didn't understand people complaining about having to walk so far to their room. It's a BIG resort and I thought the rooms all seemed close to the lobby (it's no different than being in Vegas and maybe having to walk through the casino to get to your room). It's nice that you can hop on the boat and get a ride down to the casino or just ride it and enjoy the scenery. We really didn't take advantage of the golf course or spa (food ended up taking up most of our budget) but we were fine with that. We stayed a Mon. - Fri. and most hotel guests were in conferences all day so we literally had the entire pool to ourselves most of the time. Every now and then a few others would come along but for the most part we felt like we were the only ones here and it was so quiet and peaceful. My one recommendation would be to get a rental car. We took a cab to the resort from the airport and we were OK for 2 days but then we started getting bored in the evenings. Besides, the casino there is nothing to do. We looked into the onsite car rental and OMG it was insanely expensive!! Like a 3 day car rental would have cost more than our entire trip!! So we called around to some local car rental companies and found a great deal and just took a cab to pick up the car. Overall, I would say this resort is good for older people who want peace and quiet and like to head to bed early or for families with young children. However, if you are paying full price it's just not worth it.
3	Attended a conference here a few weeks ago.  I haven't stayed at a Sheraton family hotel in quite sometime but the words Resort and Spa were key.I got here the first night, wanted to self park the car and I did.  Told there would be a shuttle to come by and pick me up but never saw one but when I did see one, I was already up the sidewalk and almost in the door.  Asked for the fee to use the fitness center $20 but that wasn't a problem because my room was all the way in Tempe.  Or at least that is what it felt like.  I was at THE very end of the hall so I had a nice enjoyable walk everyday.  The place is very secluded, has music playing in the hallways, nice restaurants inside and great service from the staff.  Great views and very quiet if you wanted to sit outside and enjoy yourself.  They do have a shuttle to the casino which was a nice bonus.
4	The facility is beautiful. I stayed for 4 nights for a conference and was impressed with the level of attention the staff placed on their guests. You are hit with a lovely aroma from the spa candles as you check in that makes you want to get a massage right there. Unfortunately I was too busy to enjoy those amenities however I overheard other guests raving about their experience.Dinner at Kai proved to be one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The service, view and dinner where all five star. If you go try the margarita / martini that is rimmed with salt and pink peppercorn. Phenomenal! I will go back just to relax. If you go be sure to take a walk along the 2 mile walking path earliy in the morning. Its a great way to start your day. And golf too!
1	I just wanted to say out of all the hotels in the valley I chose Sheraton Wild Horse Pass for  me and my wife to stay the night and celebrate on the joyous occasion for New Years Eve.  It was very disturbing saying the very least when the fire alarm went off around 4 a.m. in our wing and immediately we jumped from a dead sleep.  As I proceeded into the hallway people were looking at each other saying is this a false alarm without knowing what to assume.  I personally felt systems should of been in place to where the management staff should of been there conveying whether to get out of the building or it is simply a false alarm.  Think we both can agree moments in a real fire can have serious and disastrous consequences.  After the alarm stopped we were way too alert to even thing about falling back to sleep so needless to say we left after 4:45 this morning.  Personally don't think it was worth the $166.88 when it pertains to personal safety.Do think out of all the casino hotels in the valley Talking Stick Resort is the best as well as being close to all the ammenities in Scottsdale.    Leonard W Payne  Reservation Number #095468391
2	The resort itself was beautiful.  I am giving it a low rating because the service was terrible and the parking & room location was horrible.  We spent all day on the baseball fields only to come back to shower for dinner to find our room uncleaned.  I called down for towels & it took them n early 45 min to bring them.  We ended up being late for our dinner reservation & unshowered.  Our room service tray was left outside of our room for 2 full days before they ever come to pick it up.  The self parking lot was fine to park in however you had to walk through half the hotel, up an elevator, through the rest of the hotel to another elevator to reach our room.  Seems a bit crazy to me that you are not able to simply park, take an elevator to your floor and go to your room.  I will be in Tempe for Spring Training again, year after year but would never stay at this resort again.
3	Well first of all, I wrote a very detailed review just as I was leaving this resort. Now I cannot find it on my profile. Does yelp remove reviews? This was the most confusing hotel layout ever. I spent a great deal of time there confused in the hallways. Which isn't really a bad thing, since I hike and run anyway. I was able to "break in" my new barefoot running shoes;)  But when you are staying at a place for a conference, it gets a little old having to waste your small amount of free time wandering the halls. And hiking to the inconvenient parking lot, dragging suitcases long distances around all of the awkward landscaping islands, or across them, which would be even worse. I didn't see a shuttle. There was mold in the shower. Not a lot, but it was enough to make me notice the general level of cleanliness (fair).We wanted to eat at Kai, tried to get a reservation from our first day there but were not successful.There was an enormous amount of focus placed on sweeping and blowing the landscaping. Yet the hot tubs were full of leaves every time we went to soak.I loved their little nature path. I think it is about 3 miles total. I ran every night, didn't even need a headlamp. The dry sweet desert smell was wonderful and the view of the mountains and lights in the distance made for a nice ambiance. Loved the path lighting. (Ran on red light the first night just to get familiar with the path.)I wanted to visit their gym and maybe get a massage. That was totally impossible because the spa facility closes very early. I guess they assume if you are there for a conference you won't need to exercise in the evenings. WHAT??!!There was some sort of boat shuttle but I never could figure out where it goes. One evening we hiked to the horse stables, which was interesting. (Did not actually ride.)The conference rooms were very roomy. Nice bathroom facilities. Quiet, good audiovisual quality.  It was a nice place for an educational conference. And, that's why I was there anyway, right? One thing which was annoying was that they kept removing the tea/coffee service. It seems half the time I went for hot herbal tea they had just taken it away.I guess it wasn't really a "bad" resort, but for the price I expected better customer service and attention to detail.
3	I stayed at the Wild Horse Pass resort for a work conference in January.  The resort, and the surrounding area are beautiful.  I highly recommend watching the sunset from the main lobby/bar area.  The rooms were nice; spacious and modern, though there was nothing to differentiate them from any other Sheraton.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  My only negative comment about the resort, is that there is a $20 per day charge to use the fitness center.  I understand the up charge for the spa, but a basic gym?  I want to tack on a 4th star, however this place was missing that WOW factor. It really had the opportunity to impress me, and it just missed the boat.
5	Love this place! My wife and I come here every year for our anniversary. Everything from the food the staff, the scenery even the amenities are top notch. Highly recommended!
2	I'm sure that most  people have noticed already, but several of the reviews that have been posted here (including some high ratings) are actually for the casino that is about a mile away.  This review is for the Sheraton resort and spa.I will say up front that my review is from the perspective of a business traveler.  I stay in hotels about 90 nights a year, and have seen just about everything from high end luxury to downright scary.  This review should be seen that way.  If you are on vacation with your family, or only travel occasionally and see this as your annual boondoggle then your perspective may be different.   If you're in my situation, you're better off staying at a traditional hotel.I was here for only one night to speak at a conference.  Business travelers in that situation (especially those of us who are traveling alone) would actually rather be at home and want this to be as painless as possible.  We value convenience, service, ease of use, the ability to simply relax without a big production, and knowledgeable staff more than spas and golf courses.  This hotel falls short on those criteria.Actually I do golf quite a bit, but I didn't bring my clubs because they don't take tee times for singles. I was told I could try to walk on but the odds weren't great.  Thpt. Overall - nice looking place.  But the service just does not lend itself to business travel.  A few examples are below.  I'm leaving out several annoyances that were equally odd.  No one thing is life threatening but after a while they add up to a lousy experience. First thing was minor but indicative of a clueless staff.  I came straight from the airport on a Saturday, and arrived a little early in the day (around 1:00 pm).  The room was ready which was a pleasant surprise.  About ten minutes after I got to my room I made a phone call.   While I was talking there was a knock on the door.  I was on the phone, not exactly expecting anyone, and there was no identification (like "housekeeping") so I ignored it.  Another knock followed quickly by the door opening.  Note to hotel staff - if you are going to do that it's a good idea to identify yourself so you don't freak out the guest.  It was just a guy who was there to stock the mini-bar (shouldn't that be done before one checks in) but enough to surprise me.  Time for dinner.  I'm on the road, a little tired, in the wrong timezone and would like a nice hot meal in the easiest way possible.  I'm thinking find a seat at the restaurant bar, order a steak and read on the ipad.  Simple enough?  No.   They have a restaurant called Kai.  It's high end, has a dress code, and actually bans electronic devices (which is fine but kills reading on the ipad at the bar).  Ok - how about the other one (out of five) restaurant that is open.  No bar, you need to reserve a table, and I could tell by the sneer from the hostess that a single at a table (which I hate doing anyway) was not what she wanted to see on Saturday night.  Fine - there is a bar fifteen feet from the entrance of the restaurant.  I sit down and order a beer.  There is a guy next to me reading the menu of the restaurant.  When he's done, I grab it and try to order something.  "Sorry - we just have that here so people can look at it - you can't order their food at the bar you can only order the apps on the bar menu".  Anyone who travels for business as much as I do knows that is BS.  A waiter can't carry the plate twenty feet out the door?  Really?  Does this little six seat cubbyhole bar have it's own kitchen that only makes the appetizers on the bar list?  Fine, I'll go order a pizza.  I could do room service but have no confidence in this place now.  Walking past the concierge stand I think "maybe I'll get a recommendation".  No one is there, so as I am looking through the stuff, the concierge walks up and ignores me completely.  Another lady walks up and looks through the same stuff and gets a sweet "what can I help you find".  Now I'm getting po'ed.  So after an hour of wandering around and getting shut out at this "wonderful full service resort" I finally order a pizza. When it arrives, they call my room and tell me I have to come to the front desk to get it.  What? There is no security or anything like that.  Anyone who doesn't look like a vagrant (and some who do) can walk past the front desk and down the halls.  But put a pizza in his hand and it's a problem?  Luckily I still had pants on, so off I went to finally get something to eat.Finally off to dreamland.  But the walls are pretty thin.  So when the family in the room next to me start running around and playing the tv at 5:30 am, it's all I can hear.The place is meant as a resort for vacationers I guess.  But should that mean that single business travelers should be shit on?  To me it comes off as a carnival cruise ship on land.  It's smarmy and the staff doesn't care much because most people won't be back any time soon anyway.
4	Great, beautiful resort.  We loved it.  The slide initially was not governed by any staff so groups of kids were going down together and piling up on each other- extremely dangerous and scary.  Our daughter and friend were pushed by other kids as a result.  Finally they sent staff over to supervise and was much more at ease.  The food was good too at Ko Sin.  The wifi was horrible- just sayin.
3	I'm really 50/50 on this place.  The price for rooms during the off season are really reasonable and they have a beautiful pool with a water slide that overlooks the pristine golf course.  Even the basic rooms are really nice with wood floors when you walk and incredibly comfortable beds.  I think this is the first resort I've ever stayed where they have body pillows!  The grounds are beautiful and immaculately landscaped.  But as you know, with the good there usually is the bad too, and there were certainly bad parts of the resort.  The service at the pool was so slow and they were not busy.  We would raise our chair flag and see 5-10 pool employees at any given time just standing around chatting with each other.  The pool ran out of towels and it took them almost an hour to bring down others.  EVERYTHING is overpriced here and I simply don't like being taken advantage of just because they can.  A can of dos xx was $8 before tip, margaritas started at $11 and went up from there.  After looking at the menus for the restaurants at the resort we opted to drive to a nearby restaurant and save hundreds of dollars.  I'm not sure why this place charges 5 star prices when it's not a 5 star hotel.
2	We booked a room couple weeks in advance and when we arrived a bit after 11pm the music in the lobby was so LOUD that it was uncomfortable. Then the night manager told us the room we booked was unavailable and gave us a standard room allllllll the way in the rear of the resort. He did not accommodate. We were very upset. Then the room is linked to the next doors room with a door access so we can hear them partying and had to sleep with the tv on!   Overall the place was ok. Valet awesome, Bell man GREAT, price for room ok, Bed was comfortable, bathroom was nice, cool balcony. There's shuttle service to the casino which was nice. 2 stars.
3	Recently stayed at this resort for a staycation and have to say it was a very comfortable stay. Rooms are nice and clean, staff is all very friendly and helpful and the beds are very comfortable. The resort is well kept and the pool area is nice. For the price per night, the resort should at the very least offer a FREE continental breakfast in the morning. We were told that we could not bring in any food or drink into the pool area as long as the restaurant/bar area is open for business. And it is open for business until about 8pm. The resort also charges an EXTRA $20 per night fee for internet, computer and gym use and it is NOT optional!! I think you should be able to opt out of this fee and you cant!Also didn't like that the parking lot was SOOO far away from the resort. For elderly people or for anyone in the summer this can be killer walking to and from your car.Overall the stay was great but just expected more for the amount of money you spend to stay here.
4	Be prepared to exercise to get to your room after you check in. I've had the last room at the end of both wings before, and it is a hike. If you are on the north side of the property, consider parking at Aji Spa, which will be the most convenient.My favorite room is the Executive Suite with the dual, opposing shower heads. I've stayed in all of the other rooms, including the one with the dual fireplaces, but this is, by far, my favorite room on the property. The bed is extremely comfortable, and the climate control in the room works quite well. After all, ultimately, isn't what's important a comfortable room, a comfortable bed, and an awesome shower?I enjoy sitting and relaxing outside of the Lobby Bar at night. The pool area is large and very nice. You can definitely enjoy some beautiful sunsets from here.The front desk staff has always been extremely nice to me. I have had one or two occasions where my room was not serviced until late in the day. And every so often, the hallways do exhibit a funky odor.As a Platinum and soon-to-be Lifetime Platinum SPG member, this property is awesome at making me feel welcome. They recently supplied my room with two bottles of Voss water in addition to the two free bottles they already supply me for being Platinum. They also left me a box of chocolates and a card thanking me for staying at their property, and that goes a long way. Other times, they've given me fresh fruit.I'm split between liking and not liking the fact that it is far from anything off property save for the Wild Horse Pass Casino, which they have a free shuttle to from the lobby. As a personal quirk, I don't like eating where I stay, and I don't like chains, so I usually end up with a 20-minute drive for dinner. That being said, I also enjoy its remoteness.They have some great deals if you are a AAA member.One item of note...I stayed here in early June 2013 and had a room on the 2nd floor and killed two roaches scurrying inside the room in one night. I don't know how many more there were, but if there were two I could see, then I'm scared to know about the ones I didn't. And yes, I never left the doors to the balconies open. I've stayed here a bunch of times and this was the first time I'd encountered roaches so it was a little disconcerting. It freaked out my date. Consider not leaving anything on the floor, including your shoes.
4	I love this place. It's very spiritual and calming. I've been visiting and staycationing for seven years. The rooms are nice with Native American art and blankets. Very comfortable beds. The bathrooms are lovely with separate shower and tub. The grand foyer is beautiful as is the huge patio with fire pits. The pools are nice but I must admit they aren't keeping up with my kid's ages. We started going when the boys were 3 & 5 - now they are 10 & 12 and looking for higher slides and a lazy river. We do enjoy the short boat rides to the Western Town. They have a running path about 1.5 miles long out into the desert and near the golf course. We enjoy walking near the little river and sitting on the little grass island. We have golfed here it's a Troon golf course and beautiful. A visit here is typically a serene weekend for us watching the horses, bunnies and birds.
2	2stars at best.  Rooms were borderline, poor housekeeping, pool could use attention, pool restrooms dirty, pool maintenance, re: pool water appeared dirty. When checking out, i was charged for valet services i didn't use and had to argue with the front staff to have the charge removed. The front staff person said management was unavailable to help settle the overcharges on my bill. Our room a/c didn't cool as expected, house cleaning wasn't done one day.  Pool side furniture was soiled with bird feces and looked well worn.  There were no towels for the pool till late,pool staff were asked to at least bring bath towels dpwn for the children to use, but nothing was done.  Our room smelled of sewer gases one night.All in all, I'll choose somewhere else next time.
3	This property is quite lovely and the service all around was very nice. Friendly in the lobby, friendly in the restaurant, nice pool, great view of the Arizona desert, and the rooms were adequate. I mean they were a bit warm as was the lobby. That might be from opening and closing the doors all day in the sunshine, I don't know. Your server in the downstairs bar leaves a bit to be desired - very unfriendly. We're locals and can come and go anywhere in the valley and be treated a bit better. I'd definitely return for the food though.
4	Stayed here a number of times while on business. Very pleasant hotel and staff are friendly. There is a frequent bus service to the casino which is good. the pool is very relaxing with a great view for sunsets which are awesome in AZ. Any issue I have had here was resolved very quickly.
4	Being back her for the second time in 5 years I was really looking forward to getting back. I would have to say that they have done some improvements to the resort since I was last there in 2009 and it was for the better.The rooms are pretty solid and I had a great view this time in the Pima Wing. We were there for our Annual Conference and our members really enjoy this resort.Only problem that a few members on staff had was their rooms not being cleaned even though it was requested. We are now worried that some of our members didn't get their's cleaned either -- which is just uncalled for really. I'm not sure what broke down there with the house keeping staff, but that should be addressed when you have members looking for a great experience for what they are paying per night.Food was excellent over the course of the week. David and Maria took care of me and our group all week and I am certainly pumped about making it back out to Phoenix in the future.We had some mosquito issues this year that we didn't have in 2009-- still dealing with the after effects of those bites on my legs.
2	Service not what you would expect at a hotel in this price category. Very difficult to even get a cup of coffee once the coffee kiosk closes in the early afternoon. Spa was excellent I wish I could review separately.
5	I just visited this resort for a conference. I was really impressed with everything about it from the customer service to the delicious food and amazing ambiance. I would highly recommend it for any all all company functions. I'm also hoping to get back here soon for a personal vacation. It's very reasonably priced for the great amenities- pools everywhere I looked, excellent spa, nature trails throughout the property, fire pit, etc.
4	We just had our second stay here and after the first stay, I probably would have given this place a 1 or 2 star review, but my wife and I were looking for a weekend getaway and were having trouble finding available rooms at other resorts and we also found an awesome AAA rate for the weekend, so we decided to give them a second chance, and boy are we glad we did! The first stay started off on the wrong foot where we arrived late at night and our (pre-paid) reservation had been lost. They did find it, but it took several hours and all we had wanted was to crawl into bed at that point. Then when they did find it, they didn't have the room we had paid for (deluxe king) and tried to stick us in a 2 double room. They ended up putting us in a king room, but I think it was the room of last resort and was miles away and in poor repair, we ended up checking out first thing the next morning and never really trying any of the facilities.This stay we called on the way up to make sure our reservation was in the system and got checked in right away when we arrived. We made use of various dining options during our stay (in-room, pool, etc) and everything we ate was quite delicious. My wife is a vegetarian and I'm carnivore, so we usually have trouble for one of us, but we found options to make us both happy, which was great. Staff was very courteous and fairly attentive. We didn't bother to try for a "deluxe" room this time after the experience last time and we were quite happy with it, we had a view of the golf course which was perfectly acceptable to us. We went for a nice walk along the trail that runs along parts of the golf course, it was well maintained and quite enjoyable. We also took the boat ride that runs between the hotel and the Rawhide western place, just did the roundtrip late in the evening and it was also quite peaceful and enjoyable.I wouldn't compare this place to a serious resort like a Ritz, but for the price, I would say we were very happy this time. One remaining complaint about the property in general is that it is very laterally laid out, so the hike from the front desk to your room or room to pool, spa, etc is pretty long. It makes for good exercise, but if you are looking to be fairly lazy, keep that in mind.We really wanted to try their Kai restaurant which has amazing reviews, but unfortunately we were checking in late on Saturday and out on Monday and Kai is closed on Sunday and Monday.
4	Attending a conference here and the hotel employees are so nice and helpful. Rooms are really spread out and is a long walk from the lobby/convention space if in the Pima wing. Views from room are beautiful as the property is very well maintained and landscaped. The halls do get loud in the morning when people are leaving the rooms and you can hear neighboring room noise. Bar and food prices are high as you are basically isolated on the property. Overall a beautiful place, it is pricey but seems to include a lot of amenities and great service/employees.
5	Large resort in the desert. Great pool area, with the chairs that have flags to raise to get service. Plus it's pet friendly.
4	I had an excellent experience at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Pool area and bar are awesome. The weather was perfect for swimming. We had fun ordering room service. The internet in the rooms is sucks. We were there for a convention and the hotel took great care of us. Breakfast buffets in the morning and parties with drinks and food every night. It happened to be our anniversary and they did a lot to make it special. They sent chocolates and sparkling wine to the room, comped some of our meals and drinks, it was really nice. The room was pretty comfortable, the AC could have been colder and there's no refrigerator. There was a nice throw that my wife enjoyed wrapping up in. We asked for a north facing room to keep us out of the sun and they did that for us. We had lovely shade all day. The property is pretty cool. The architecture is neat, there's lots of little surprises. I saw a handful of cool animals including a coyote, some kind of wildcat, hawks, hummingbirds, baby jackrabbits, and an owl. There's a boat you can take to the casino and the Wild West attractions, but I didn't get to try it. It looks fun.I would absolutely come back here given to opportunity. It's a beautiful resort and the people are the best! Shout out to William at the front desk and Ruth at the pool bar for being goddamn awesome! Four stars!
1	This is a nice hotel but the staff is a little lacking. We reserved a King bed and when we checked in they only had 2 queens. So they "upgraded" our room. All this meant was a room with a view if the pool the were working on.  In the morning when I was asked "how was your stay", I replied "not very good since we did not get the room we reserved". The hotel employees response was "sorry to hear the, you have an outstanding balance on the room do you want to keep it on your card?"   Horrible customer service!!!!
4	What a beautifu hotel!  It's got three pools and a waterslide.  The restaurant is very good here as well and the staff are friendly.  What's to complain about?The resort structure...why do I feel like I have to walk everywhere to get from point A to point B???  The layout makes it very inconvenient to go anywhere around here.
4	Very nice place. I'll be back!
4	Third time here. Friendly staff, great rooms. We went for New Year's Eve. The singer at the bar was awesome. The 2.5 mile hiking trail was fun. Cannot wait to go back.
4	Gorgeous hotel! I was here for a conference and the staff at the hotel really took care of us. The views alone are 5 stars. Simply magnificent.  Don't worry my little yelpers, I'll attach pics :) As I'm from the chilly Midwest I took every opportunity to relax outside and enjoy the sunshine and clear skies.My room was awesome. Being Starwood preferred has its perks. Private balcony with a view of the pool and golf course was great. The only issue I have is the food. Not really that good. I stayed at this hotel for a week. I had a chance to sample pretty much every food concoction their chef could come up with. Every meat dish I had was not seasoned. Zero flavor. Even their carved roast had no flavor. One evening we had pulled pork and the driest chicken I've ever tasted. For breakfast, I did enjoy their chorizo, onion, green pepper and spicy cheese egg scramble. I think they may have gotten a lot of compliments about it because they served it 3 days in a row. Ugh. Also if you plan on eating at pool bar you will experience the slowest service ever. It took an hour for them to make my salad. I kid you not. Iceberg lettuce and cheese takes an hour to make. The gym was decent. A few treadmills, elliptical machines and bikes. A lot of weights which impressed me. Normally you don't find a lot of weights at a hotel gym. The housekeeping staff and various staff maintaining the property were extremely friendly and made a point to call me by name every time they saw me (I think the dumb name tag my company made me wear helped with this. Haha). But it was still nice to have them say hello in the halls.Overall, a great hotel. Just need to work on the food.
5	Wow!!! Love this place.  For sure will be staying here when I come back.  Awesome food, great resort and slept like a baby in their rooms.  This place is beautiful you will not be disappointed.  Price seemed very lie compared to what I was paying in Scottsdale.
3	This is a peaceful property. It's huge draw is that it's away from the hustle and bustle of the city, which can be good and less than ideal. It can be good if you plan to just reside on the resort, including eating all of your meals there. It's less than ideal if you want to venture out because you can expect to drive a minimum of 15-20 minutes to get anywhere.The landscaping is well done, the staff is very friendly. The rooms are very basic and a little dated, even with the Native American themes. So if you want plush, I am not sure you'll get that. Not sure what they suite rooms look likes. The resort is also very family-friendly. I saw a ton of young children at the major pool.I understand why a lot of the people looking for more quiet head over to the "Spa" area as it houses another pool, the Aji Spa, and the fitness center. THIS pool was heaven. We went prior to having some spa treatments done. Aji Spa DID NOT disappoint. I'll save those comments for another review.It's a great property for being outdoors. I saw tons of people on the trails and on the golf course. There is a shuttle that will run you around until 2am (every 15 minutes), so be on the lookout for that if you do not drive (but I recommend you do).Last thing to note are the other charges per day.. $20 resort fee (waived if you are a platinum member) and $22 valet. Self-parking can be a bit of a hike depending on the location of your room.
3	Disappointed with Sheraton. Definitely not a 5 star hotel. The pool service was awful, at best, and the food was just ok for the price. The walls were thin enough to hear the tv and other sounds coming from the next room. The ice machine by our room wasn't working during our three night stay. The pool wasn't heated AT ALL and the freezing kids got kicked out of the hot tub. Nice grounds and the hiking trail was great. If you stay here review your final bill before checking out! I will be looking elsewhere for our next visit.
5	I had to write a review for this resort because it is one of my favorite places on the planet.  There is something that is just so darn relaxing about the place!  I usually go every year in the fall and occasionally in the spring before it gets too hot.  I have always had great service from the hotel staff and in both of the restaurants.   The hotel is great, but the really AMAZING part of the resort is the Spa and two golf courses.  The spa is one of the best I've ever been to and the golf courses are immaculate.  There are no housing developments surrounding the golf courses which really makes it unique and the guests get to enjoy the true beauty of the desert.
3	Food not good and over priced. Room service even more so. $20 / day resort fee & $20 / day valet Staff was SUPER tho LONG up hill walk for self parking then long walk down hall to elevator & another long walk to room. But nice room with no fridge or microwave. Ha won't have left overs from downstairs anyway maybe doggy bag
3	Live music in the lobby bar echos throughout the check-in area and you feel peaceful the second you drive up to the front doors. The hotel is really pretty in a Native Arizona style and rich with culture and history. We loved the pool, breakfast outdoors overlooking the pool and golf course, the golf was great, and the live music in the lobby was awesome. Night time you can see the stars and the fire-pits are lit outside providing that chill escape. You'd never know except for having seen it in your drive in that you're 8 minutes from the casino and outlet mall. you feel secluded and relaxed away from the hustle and bustle. Negatives:Don't Order Room Service if You actually want to eat what you order:We arrived late on a Thursday night- 10 PM- with just enough time to check-in, grab a beer, and go down to the hot-tub before the pool area shut down. We stopped by the bar after relaxing in the hot-tub and grabbed another round of drinks and tried to order food- bar kitchen was closed- which seemed fair since it was now almost 11 PM. So we ordered room service to our room. They told us on the phone  it would be 40 minutes. 1 hour and 15 minutes later- no food. We finally gave up and went to sleep. In the morning we visited the front desk to voice our grievances and they showed no record of the room service order. So had we stayed up waiting we never would have gotten food. Our room:We were given an SPG preferred guest room. We are platinum SPG  guests- but we did book a pre-paid lowest guaranteed rate (so maybe that's why the cruddy room)- we were placed in a preferred guest room - but it had no view- just a massive tree blocking the golf course and desert we so desired to see. It did have a balcony. It was TINY and it had no robes, even though we had requested them. Check-out:Having worked in a hotel, I am a firm believer in using hotel services, like bellmen and tipping them well. I called in advance and I also notified a bellman in person that I needed help with our bags since my husband was on the golf course and we needed to get checked-out of our room by check-out time. I gave a specific time I needed help and twenty minutes notice. No one showed up- I had to call twice. I finally grabbed all four of our bags and started hauling them down the hallway -when I saw a bellman headed in the direction of our room. He apologized (and was very kind) and gave me a hand. Just annoying when you hear bellmen venting about people handling their own bags yet when you ask for help it takes over an hour to get someone to your door. Loved the actual hotel and location just wish a few things had gone smoother and a better room location. Super nice staff- except for the coffee girl at the cafe in the morning. Her "give-a-hoot" meter was at a zero. I want to give it another try.
4	I stayed here fore a conference and what a great hotel and golf course. Was surprised they only have one restaurant.  Great facilities, gym, ground and course.
4	Nice resort and good place for a business meeting. Rooms are big and comfortable. Friendly staff, but off the beaten path a little so cabs need to be called well in advance. Will Uber next time. Golf course and spa on the grounds. Horse back riding too. Casino nearby. Impressive Lobby, but it smelled a bit like a water treatment facility because of the chlorinated waterfalls. Sort of a sewer stench. Nice pool area. Friendly staff.
5	I really enjoyed the look of the hotel very peaceful away from other hotels. You can tell they really spent time incorporating the Indian aspect and cultural to showcase the great scenery and nature. Lobby is gorgeous and has cozy sitting areas around everywhere. They have a computers set up with calming music throughout. The pool is great I believe there is 3 and 2 hot tubs. A great water slide and the scenery of nature around you. Very relaxing. The rooms are super clean with a balcony to sit and take it in. I can't say enough about the staff at the door they always asked if they could help or if we needed anything! Shuttle to casino is easy to catch and a nice convenience! We'll done!
4	Beautiful. Clean. Relaxing. Friendly staff. Expensive all around and over priced food and drink. But overall a wonderful resort and I will go back! You can shuttle to the casino where there is a 24/7 cafe with reasonably priced delicious food.
3	The resort is beautiful but not well maintained. The carpet in the room was stained and there was something smeared on the side of my toilet, which would also not flush unless you held the handle down. The biggest issue is that there was no way to buy water, snacks, cigarettes, etc. after 8pm. You would have to sit at the bar and order or take a 2 mile shuttle to a casino down the road. I've been to plenty of very nice resorts and it's the small things that set the best apart from the crowd, and this resort just didn't have it.
4	I stayed here for a holiday weekend family function and it was truly a relaxing time.  The hotel is extremely welcoming, the decor is awesome, and is very, very clean.  I have played golf at both courses multiple times and always wanted to check out the pool and resort area, and I must say I was impressed.I only gave the resort 4 stars as we did run into an ignorant staff member at the pool who did everything in her power to make it difficult to enjoy the pool area, from checking wrist bands for a toddler, to searching every nook and cranny of every bag we had to bring in for the kids.  They are very strict with no beer or alcohol being brought into the pool area, which is a bummer because they are $5.50 and up at the bar, plus tax, plus an automatic 15% gratuity that they don't disclose.  This particular staff member made my wife return to the hotel room because my 4 year old daughter did not have her wrist band (my wife did) and they were just going to drop off some towels to reserve a couple of chairs at 7am.  Rules are rules, I get it, but a little common sense and understanding can do wonders in terms of customer service.Everyone else at the resort was extremely welcoming and went out of their way to help any way they could.  The restaurant staff was beyond friendly and the breakfast buffet was one of the best I've ever been to, and came at a decent price ($15.99 adults, $7.99 kids, 3 and under free).  I have to give the restaurant their credit, because the food and service were spectacular.I would definitely come back for another staycation as this is a top notch resort.  They do a great job at giving you an authentic Southwest experience and providing a relaxing environment while you stay.
5	We have been 2 summers in a row now for a stay-cation. We don't plan on ever staying anywhere else.  The pools are divine. The service is great. Food and drinks are yummy. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. Just an all around great atmosphere. A large bonus is the free shuttle to the casino, rawhide, and the outlet mall. Can't wait to go next year!
3	Location is grate.Bedroom was pretty dusty, towels very old and even when I notify I was travel with a young kid it was no 'special attention' for him. Definitely not a good hotel when traveling with children.
4	I think this hotel deserves 5 stars if only Alexandria at the Ko sin restaurant was mindful enough to ask my companion if he's done with his plate before attempting to take it away & charging me $34+ for in-room dining I didn't order. The resort fee $27/day added up to my bill was, I think, hefty. I got disoriented for a sec thinking I was in San Diego LOL....HOTEL LOBBY: Gorgeous southwestern-inspired. Mural was magnificent & a lot of rich Native American paintings. It's not as grand as a 5-stars hotel(some of these hotel are stuffy, anyways) but it has that cozy, inviting appeal to get a drink & lounge for a while....and let me tell this, THIS HOTEL HAS THE MOST INVITINGLY, CLEAN & SWEET SMELLING SURROUNDING FROM LOBBY TO THE WALKWAYS GOING TO OUR ROOM. I've been to some really great & expensive hotels but the smell of this one has outdone the rest, hands down!  FRONT DESK: i requested Justin for a room NOT overlooking the parking lot. He granted me a Starwood Preferred too facing a bit of a view of the man-made lake for boating. But hey, it was nicer as compared to a parking lot view, right? LOL.....when I needed a drink, he was accommodating enough to move out behind the desk & point to me as to where the bar & resto are. Little gestures like that win points from me:) ROOM: Decent room, enough space to move around....balcony wasn't big but was ok. I like the bathroom. The tub is separate from the glass encased shower area.....and not generic coffee but Starbucks coffee pods! FOOD: a little bit salty. Presentation is ok. Expensive tho. They only serve breakfast buffet on Sundays:(We went for a stroll & the area is pretty neat. Pool has slides! There's a boat trekking the man-made lake for a fee. Truly a definition of what a resort is. I am intending on coming back here to have the kids check it out soon. It's not that far from the city. Just over less than a mile from the outlet. It's a pretty good weekend retreat. I will recommend and be back & when I do, I hope Justin is the one working that day. He's easy to talk to & although he looks very young, I can see he takes his work seriously by providing top-notch service. You rock dude:)
5	This is one of the most beautiful and peaceful places in the valley.  I've had the privilege of visiting this resort on a few different occasions and for a variety of reasons.From the stay perspective:  Native American themed room. Nice comfortable bed. Very lovely and spacious room with a beautiful balcony.  Wonderful radiantly beautiful sunsets everyday in the desert.From the Dining and Entertainment:  I've been to all of the restaurants in the resort.  Kai lives up to its name and reputation and I highly recommend it to anyone visiting the resort or the casino.  I've come for cocktails on the patio and sat outside by the fire pit.  This is my favorite part of this resort.  That terrace/patio is just fantastic.   The walkways to the rooms are laced with benches for quiet moments and conversations and to steal a moment just before sunset.From the Events perspective:  I've attended a couple of meetings and most recently, the Fashioneta Fashion show.  I will be honest, for the table service during the fashion show, our server was quite rude and unpleasant.  But in general, during other events, the staff has always been pleasant to me.  The facilities are beautiful.This is one of my favorite places to go to in the valley.  Return factor: 100%.
