3	Amsterdam is the latest addition to Lawrenceville's burgeoning nightlife scene. Housed in the former space of AJ's Tavern, Amsterdam seems to be a great fit with the neighborhood, going with warm red walls covered with local art. For how small the building is, the place is spacious. The bar is along the right side of the room, with the rest being left wide open. Tables are scattered around that can be pushed out of the way to make room for different types of events, and the glass block wall that used to take up the whole front of the building has been replaced with a huge garage door that will open during warmer weather. A very nice touch! That's not the only open air that the Amsterdam will have. There are also plans for a rooftop deck as well, which will surely plant this place firmly onto Pittsburgh's bar destination map during warmer weather.The musical format seems to be pretty eclectic currently, with house and techno from Colin Pierce & Tom Brown on fridays (great DJs!). I was in there last night (a saturday), and there was a reggae show going on. It shows how much variety they seem to want to push. First saturdays are going to be home to the new Berlin-style house monthly called "Hijack".Drink prices are reasonable, beer selection is great, and there seemed to be a decent bar food menu although I haven't tried any of the food yet.I'm giving this place three stars for the time being, but it has the potential to quickly go up in rating once it builds some momentum. With the great DJs and type of events they are currently booking, I'm sure it will be no time at all until this is easily a four star bar in Lawrenceville.Until then, this is still the pefect place to go with a couple people for an inexpensive, low key night of good drinks and conversation.
4	Ok, New Amsterdam has received it's 4th star from me. The expanded menu is great, the bar has found it's crowd (packed almost every single night), and with warmer weather comes the opening of the garage doors. This bar is a do not miss in Lawrenceville.
4	I am partially prejudice since it is also only 2 blocks from my house, so it makes it even more special for me.  Nonetheless, it is a great place to grab an awesome garden salad that will fill your belly completely for only 5 bucks; or you can go a bit more upscale with fish tacos, awesome veggie and carnivorous burger varieties, or a delicious flatbread.The bartenders make a great cocktail and the usually have some form of drink specials every day.The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is due to the fact that weekend evenings after 10pm they usually have a DJ there.  The music is always unbearably loud and never good.  I haven't been every night but I have made New Amsterdamn a fav place to visit PRE-10pm.Oh and they have one-of-a-kind cocktail menu that is not to be missed!
5	This is one of the best bars not only in Lawrenceville, but the whole damn city. They have a great beer selection, good drinks and food, and the staff is super nice. The real gem here is Wing Night on Mondays - 35 cent wings in a variety of delicious flavors (spicy thai, honey cajun!). Good atmosphere with not too dim lighting, local art on the walls, and a nice projector screen for showing sporting events. Go here!
4	This bar has become my local hangout.  The food is solid and good for the money.  Now if they got rid of smoking, we'll be in business!!!
2	Often packed, often disappointing.  No matter what they say the music is... it is ALWAYS house music and it's always bad.  The food isn't horrible, though i wouldn't recommend the grilled cheese, it's way too much bread!  The drinks are pricey, the food is pricey, the portions are alright.  It's not a very interesting place to eat.  And I would recommend going in the early afternoon/evening before it gets packed with ravers.
3	Went for the first time today. I have a total hard-on for places with roll-up doors on them, so I've been wanting to check it out for a long time. It was a busy happy hour Friday night, but we still were able to get a table right away. The bartender came over pretty quickly with menus. We got a couple draft beers for $1 off, the cauliflower bites, and a dozen wings. They have a great selection of interesting beers, although mine was not as cold as it really should be. The wings were alright; the barbecue ones were good, the garlic parmesan seemed like they forgot to add the garlic and paremesan to them. I was expecting more of a garlic butter sauce or something, and maybe, I don't know, some parmesan. The cauliflower bites were actually pretty good, just needed some salt. Service was pretty good...even though it was busy, the bartender and the food runner girl visited the table a few times to see if we needed anything.At the end of the day I liked the place...the food was alright but we didn't get to try a lot of the yummy sounding sandwiches they have on the menu, so we'll be back.
5	I've been to New Amsterdam a bunch of times in a bunch of different settings. Here are some constants: There are alway great beers on tap, The bartenders are always friendly and helpful (one is legitimately smoking hot btw), and the Jamaican burger is ridiculously good. Oh, and if you order a whiskey on the rocks, it's not cheap. That said, what it lacks in frugality it makes up for in fucking hugeness. I would take a star off for smokiness but this is clearly the fault of the city not the establishment and for that Pittsburgh, I hate you. Some exterraneous details: Siracha is a full fledge condiment here, above mustard or mayo. Respect. The fish taco: not so much. They open the front (a garage style door) even during torrential downpour as long as ambient temperature is high enough. I once convinced a couple of girls at the table next to ours to put a temporary tattoo on a german exchange student's bared ass. Yes, we were all drunk. point being, shit goes down here. You should come. It's awesome.
3	Lovely atmosphere. Loved the roll-up door as well, the large screen had a Penguins game being projected and every seat was full. The ambience gets a 4 star! The hamburgers looked amazing, and my eating partner enjoyed theirs thoroughly. I, on the other hand, made a less pleasing decision to go with the mac & cheese. It has three cheeses, including goat cheese and parmesan, so I couldn't say no. The fresh basil on top saved it, as it was too creamy (almost soupy) and a bit salty. Overall, I'd come back and give it another try for the food, and would definitely return for drinks.
4	New Amsterdam's chicken wings are always fried to crispy perfection and absolutely slathered in a variety of their homemade sauces. Their "Buffalo" sauce is actually quite hot. Their "Honey Habanero" is both sweet and spicey without being too much of either. They have a bunch of others I haven't tried yet but I will.My girlfriend always gets the "Big Cheese" which is a big honking grilled cheese sandwich paired with expertly crispy seasoned fries and a little bowl of slightly spicy tomato soup. Everything I've gotten at New Amsterdam has been top notch.Oh yeah, and the bar? It's pretty cool too. They mix it up with live talent and projected (huge on a white screen) sports events. It's a fun place to hang out, eat good food, and then drink the night away.
3	Did I eat here with Mr. Jones?  And did he strike up a conversation with this black-haired flamenco dancer?  Did we tell each other fairy tales?Most importantly, did I eat here just so I could reference a Counting Crows song in my review?Nah!  Truth is, I'd never even heard of this place before.  Rick went to the movies with a buddy last night, so I came here with my friend Elizabeth.  Elizabeth's a Lawrenceville babe and she recommended this place (don't look at me like that, Melanie S. and Mike O.).  No, really!  The food here is typical bar fare.  They've got a couple of items that caught my attention.  For appetizers, they've got caulifower nuggets.  Isn't that just like an American bar to spoil perfectly good deep fried cheese by adding something healthy like cauliflower?  They've also got the "Double Yoi!!", which is grilled jumbo with egg-n-cheese on Italian bread.  Me, I went for the classic rueben on marble rye. Elizabeth went for the Guinness Burger which looked decent.  I'm a non-drinker so I can't comment on the booze nor on the nightclub.I felt so symbolic yesterday eating here.
4	Our local bar!And exactaly what you'd want in one.  Friendly staff, delicious local beers on tap, rotating about.  Great for quick dinner.Black and Gold wing's are fantastic.  Say hi to lizzy for us!
4	Eye candy + decent beer prices + the Smiths on the radio = a really good evening at New Amsterdam.  I was never any good at math, but I am pretty sure that this equation is right on.Cool without trying too hard. Hip without being a scene. A great place to grab a drink and some food when stomping around Lawrenceville!
4	You know, the whole time I lived in Lawrenceville, I had avoided the place because I feared it was overrun with hipsters.  Now, a few years later, we went back to hang out with some friends who live just around the corner, and I think I've changed my mind.The interior is very cool, and it looks like in the summer, they can open the front garage-style window, which I love.  Drink prices were not bad, and although the site lists it as 'smoking,' it wasn't overpowering like some of the other smoking bars in the city.  There are no ashtrays at the tables, so I honestly didn't know it was smoking until I looked at their page on here.We tried a couple snacks off the menu, and I was really impressed.  We got the 'cauliflower nugs,' which were fried cauliflower and cheese bites served with a curry mayonnaise.  They were super hot (kind of the way breaded mushrooms always are), but soooooo good.  We also got the chicken fingers, and they let you get one of the wing sauces as a dippy sauce side.The music was pretty decent while we were there too.  Not sure if it was a jukebox, or just what they play there, but we got to enjoy some good new wave over our drinks.And, if it was teeming with hipsters, I didn't notice.  Definitely wish we'd found this place and convinced friends to go there instead of having to hang out with them at Remedy back in the day.  This place is a far better Lawrenceville location.
4	New Amsterdam is a cool bar, with a great atmosphere and excellent service. They also have live music an open mic night. The wngs are some of the best in the city. The only negative is the beers are priced quite high.
4	Fertile hipster breeding ground Saturday late-night! Yeah, I had never heard any of the song snippets the multiple DJs spun until the wee morning hours, but I had fun anyway. Most hipster places have a surly feel, but I didn't get that from New Amsterdam. The waitstaff was friendly, the door guys were really nice, and the bathroom is clean. The booze could be a bit cheaper, but what you gonna do? Oh, plus, as I'm writing this review, I'm retrieving a hazy whiskey memory of a couple getting engaged while we were there. Sweet!
4	We've been here a few times now and have consistently been happy with our service and the beer selection. The staff is friendly, unpretentious, and eager to welcome you. The food menu is somewhat uninspiring and could improve, but could easily satisfy your late night fried food cravings. I live nearby and am happy to have a bar that has a great beer selection and is comfortable and welcoming to visit.
4	A friend and I stopped in on a Thursday night around 7 for dinner and a beer. They have a nice tap selection, 8 seasonal micros, and they have a cooler full of bottles.A friend and I split an order of the honey habenero wings. I have to say that these were a miss. The wings were anemic in size and lacked the spice we were expecting from anything habenero. Maybe we just got a bad batch, but I'll give another flavor a try next time. I had the Pulled pork sliders with potato salad. The pulled pork was great. The sauce was tangy, sweet, spicey, and lots of black pepper. The two sliders were packed full of meat, It was more than enough to fill me up. The potato salad is one of the best I have had. Lots of mayo, and I can't figure quite out what the spices are, it almost tasted like Old Bay. My friend had the margharita flatbread which looked good and I'm assuming tasted good. He sucked it down fast enough to infer it did. Our total tab for 2 beers and food was $31, not bad at all.The bar tender/waitress was very nice and prompt with service. She also went out of her way to wish us a nice day upon leaving, a nice touch.
4	I need to get better about checking in on my phone.  We've been there three times so far.  And I haven't been disappointed.One of my favorite features of this somewhat small bar is the garage-style door that is rolled up when the weather is nice, a great way to enjoy the outdoors without actually sitting outside.  I most recently went for lunch on a lovely fall and how nice to enjoy the weather while I ate.They have a ton of craft brews, including delicious cider from right down the road (Arsenal Cider House).  Last time I went the flavor was apple cinnamon (it tasted like apple pie in my mouth)!   We've tried the burgers, a HUGE Cobb Salad, and (my favorite) the Mac and Cheese with added bacon.  Soooo yummy!They have happy hour Tuesday-Thursday, so if you're a cheapskate, you can probably get $1 off draft beers and 1/2 off "pub grub."  I've never been there when it's really busy, so it has always been pretty quiet and we've gotten fast, attentive service.  Check out their website for a full menu, if you're interested.
4	New Amsterdam is straight up cool, and I think that is the vibe they are going for. Come on a weekday, then come again on a weekend and your experience will be very different. On weekdays it is a low key bar with VERY friendly bartenders and a nice little local crowd that likes to chat it up. On the weekend New Amsterdam turns into a dance club scene. I've been here on Saturday nights on occasion and there is usually a DJ playing some sort of house mix.Very good beer selection with a limited selection of craft draft beers and many other bottles to choose from that will suit any palate. The wings here are very good. I recommend the Jerk or the Honey Habanero (caution: there are VERY hot) On Sunday wings are 35 cents. Try them out!
4	Another bar, with good bar food!  Wait...is this an issue that I'm going to bars and pigging out?  Maybe let's move past that for now!  Let's set the tone, it's 8pm, you just shopped up a storm on Butler St. and you're starved enough that you may end up eating that coat you just bought (not really, it was a really good deal!).  I'm thinking, New Amsterdam better have good food because I'm starving!!So for starters we ordered the Cauliflower Nugs, which are fried cauliflower.  To convince ourselves that it was healthy, we'll say it was fried in multi-grain bread (Disclaimer - it is not!).  They were awesome though, let's be honest!  They came with a great curry mayo type dipping sauce.  I was so hungry I was housing them down!I was excited to see a Portobello Burger on the menu, because of my deep love of bello's!  Now, when you order one of these, you never know if you're going to get some flat wimpy bello cap or a big fatty fat fat cap!  It was the the better of the choice, the big fat cap!  YES!  It was nice and juicy with loads of feta on top!  And the fries, total surprise....they were awesome!  Nice and crispy...kinda like my fav Winghart's fries.  So after describing my oh so satisfying meal....do they server drinks here?!  Oh yeah, they do!  Actually, I was pumped to see so many local brews on here.  I actually hadn't tried the Arsenal Cider Cinnamon Apple blend yet, so I was happy to sample that (delish, of course!).  At $7 a pop, it's not cheap...but I just remind myself that it's amazing tasting AND it packs a pretty big alcoholic punch!  So...I hear New Amsterdam has some dance parties too....maybe when I'm done stuffing my face there I'll want to dance it off!
5	Awesome bar, great food, nice beer selection and great staff. I highly recommend the fish tacos!
5	We go here often and always love it. Great beers on tap, even my personal fav, arsenal cider. The bartenders will get creative and make up a cocktail for you when requested. Best part? The food! Definitely better than any bar food I've had. Wings: delicious, fish tacos: yummy, fries: amazing, crab mac: ridiculous. Great to watch the game or just hang out.
3	As fate would have it Alchemy N' Ale was closed on a Saturday afternoon so we headed over to New Amsterdam.  The first adjective that comes to mine when looking at the outside would be industrial - and I think that's how I felt about the interior as well.  It sorta has a warehouse feel to it although it's not that big.  Not much that I can remember in terms of decor which is why I'm thinking that it felt like a warehouse.They have a moderate selection of beers on tap - I think there was about 8.  I chose a white IPA - but can't remember the brewery - it was exactly what I was in the mood for.  As for food, I got the Greek flat break pizza.  And although it was good, I couldn't help compare it to Winghart's Greek pizza and felt like it fell short in comparison.Overall - I enjoyed the place, food, and drinks but I'm not convinced it would be a place that I crave to go back to.  But who knows maybe when the weather is warm, the patio style seating will call out to me.
4	I am not a huge fan of Lawrenceville bars (because I am easily annoyed by hipsters), but New Amsterdam is always a safe bet for me.   I've gone there a few times a month for the past two years and have never had a bad experience.  The waitstaff is friendly and attentive, the drinks are always strong, the music is good, and the food is consistent.  I love the fish tacos!  The space is small, but cool and always clean (you can't say that about most bars!).  I'd recommend it for dates, too, because the environment is relaxed, it's not terribly loud, it's a bar but certainly not a dive, and the lighting is nice.  It's especially fun when it's warm out and they can open the garage door.  If they'd bring back the potato salad, I think we could fall further in love and make this a 5-star review :)
4	This is my pre/during/after spot when there are concerts at 720 Records and it's perfect just for that! The bar food is yummy and the beer collections is pretty damn good. Oh and extra kudos for their Sunday events. I happened to come in when they were playing the Tribe Called Quest documentary and proceeded to ignore friend and excitedly watch the movie for the rest of the night.
4	I'm going to divide this review into two parts - first being "oooh cool bar!", the second being "d*mn you hipsters!"First - Oooh this really is a cool bar. The food is fantastic; whether it's the burgers or the chicken wings. They have a decent selection of brews available. Service is reasonably fast. The staff are very friendly and quite willing to let you sample a beer to make sure it's the style you want. The space is kinda quirky - built in a converted garage? I like it when they're able to open it up when the weather is nice. Very chill, laid-back atmosphere.Second - d*mn you hipsters! New Amsterdam has a huuuge projection screen on which they show sports. In Pittsburgh, you'd think it'd be crowded to the hilt on game day - not! While the staff are into the games (as well they should be), a good number of the patrons could care less. Ok so maybe they didn't care about an random Steelers game vs the Titans. Fine. But during the NHL playoffs?? c'mon, man! Maybe wearing a Pens jersey isn't ironic enough but can't we all agree that we hate the Flyers?Having said that, I don't think the second point should completely cancel out the first  - this really is a cool bar.
5	After perusing Urbanspoon for a Vegan friendly restaurant in Lawrenceville, New Amsterdam appeared to be the top contender. My friend and I arrived on a Tuesday evening around 7. The front wall is a garage door which was open to enjoy the lovely summer evening air. My friend and I chose a seat right inside, prime for people watching...restaurants get bonus points from me for prime people watching accommodations.The bartender greeted us quickly with menus and told us about the best beers on tap. They serve beer from local breweries (yay!) so my friend and I had a stout from the East End Brewery. Delicious. Now onto the food. I ordered the Veg Head Salad. They have a few vegan options but I was intrigued by the salad because it included sweet potato fries and edamame. My friend ordered the Guinness cheddar burger and she opted for a side salad instead of fries. Food came out in decent time. Took just long enough for me to know they spent time preparing it. That's a plus :) My salad came out as a platter with each vegetable separately laid on top of a bed of mixed greens. No iceberg!!!! So happy about that!! The salad toppers included portobello mushrooms, avocado, edemame, tomato, onion, cucumber, sweet potato fries (just enough to keep it healthy,) and a mound of chick peas. The vinaigrette was light and complimentary to each aspect of the salad. The platter was not overwhelming and I was able to finish it along with my two stouts without feeling stuffed. My friend's burger was cooked just the way she liked. She said the bun was excellent and her side salad was almost a mini version of mine!! This may be the first restaurant where the side salad included more than iceberg and dressing. Mixed greens, onion, tomato, cucumber. And plenty of it :) Her meal was larger than mine but she was able to finish all but one bite of her burger. Last but not least- the service: wonderful!! Bartender was very attentive and the chef/owner (not sure) came out three times to make sure our experience was going well and that the food was satisfying. I couldn't believe how good the service was for a Tuesday night dinner at a bar. I'm sure it helped that it was a slow night but regardless, I would definitely come back to check out the scene on a Saturday night. Thank you, New Amsterdam for a great dinner. I will be back... with many more friends!
4	We came here the other night after I picked Darren up from work. The design of the building is really neat inside and out. The waitresses were both cute and really sweet, and the atmosphere was relaxing. My Mediterranean platter was ok. I think Darren and I make a better spinach/artichoke dip at home, but my hummus was good as was the pita. The wings were fabulous! I'd like to come back here and try some of their other stuff. Cool place overall.
4	Nice local bar with a good group of people. Monday's are Wong nights and the wings are really good there.
1	The food might be good here but I couldn't have stayed to eat anything. The place was so smokey I had to leave. I was surprised an establishment in the city was allowing smoking. I thought there was an ordanance about that?
2	This place gets a giant "MEH" from me. I live in the area so I've been to this bar a number of times and I always have the same experience. The food is consistently sub-par, the portions are extremely small given the price and the beer is extremely over priced when compared to other bars in the area.
4	Kewl bar
3	A very cozy quaint dive bar with amazing wings and great beer on tap !! The bar staff was extremely welcoming and friendly ! Huge tv to catch your fav Pittsburgh sports team on!... Though they offer a somewhat limited menu, food is decent...  To get wings to go is a lil risky because they instantly become soggy...
5	New Amsterdam has great food, great drinks and great staff. It gets a bit too crowded for me on weekend nights, but otherwise it's my favorite place to go. The happy hour specials are unbelievable (I especially recommend the pub grub mac and cheese). Initially, it seems like it might be too cool for school, but unlike other places in town, the wait staff is incredibly friendly and not trying too hard to be 'hip.'
4	What a charming location in Lawrenceville! Stopped in for a quick bite and drink and were pleasantly surprised by the amount of sophistication in this bar! I tried their basil gin fizz cocktail, and it was made precisely. Excellent blend of the ingredients and quite tasty. Speaking of tasty, you MUST try the Mac and Cheese appetizer. It's enough for a meal, so I suggest splitting it. Extraordinary blend of cheeses, but not overpowering like some try to do. It was like home cooked mac with a flare. Very nice service and pleasant stop.
5	Came here with the ladies for wing night on Mondays. DELICIOUS! My favorites were Spicy Thai and Classic Buffalo. Sweet potato fries and the regular fries were delicious too. It's a fun little place.
5	This place is what it is... and it's perfect at being just that. Small, loud, cool, fun, enjoyable. Good food, good drinks, love the garage door. I've also never had bad service here - a huge plus.
4	A modern pub with about 10 beers on tap (from mostly local breweries), an open window front, and a projection tv to watch the Pens. The crowd is mostly in its twenties, and everyone was extremely respectful. I was there early in the night and did not see the dance floor in use; however, based on the clientele, I assume a night dancing at NA would be fun.
4	I got the crab Mac and cheese and pierogies. Very good. I also like the atmosphere with the open garage door. Good place to go to with a few close friends for food and beers!
4	Nice with garage door open since the place is on the smaller side. Nice beer selection and decent enough food if other places on Butler are too crowded.
1	This place was worst... Dj doesn't listen to anyone ... If you like fun I recommend you don't come here . If I could give it 0 stars I would!
4	My fav pub food.. Chicken wings are so yummy here.. O.. Make sure u try the homemade soup  here mmmmm good
2	Take my opinion here with a grain of salt, because I've only been here once. However, I went with a friend at about 10 on a Saturday night, and it was almost dead. We were some of the few there, and even then I didn't enjoy the people there. From what I remember, I thought the drinks were really expensive and the bartenders weren't great. Maybe I would have a different opinion if I went at a different time and got some food- but I probably won't be going back.
4	This place is the only bar in town that I truly like. The waitstaff is incredibly knowledgeable about cocktails and brews. The atmosphere is dark and noisy, but not too loud to hear. The food is pretty delicious for grub and it gets better as the night goes on!The one star dock comes from the "eh" happy hour and overall drink prices. However, I think it's worth it for the deliciousness of it all!
5	New Amsterdam is absolutely a must-stop for small, intimate ambiance, great beer selection, and a delicious, well-designed menu. Having been for both happy hour and dinner, the staff is both friendly and accommodating with a knowledge of craft. Simply excellent!
4	Went for wing night on Monday. Was delicious! Great pub food and atmosphere. It's not that expensive either. Honey Cajun wings were everything.
5	Loved it. Friendly at the door, friendly and quick behind the bar, love the live music and local art displayed on the walls. You're doing it right, New Amsterdam.
4	This place has a rotating tap list that keeps things new and fresh, some great pub grub, and some of the friendliest servers in the industry. Seriously, it's notable and amazing how nice they are [and this is a sentiment I've heard reiterated by many others].The atmosphere is a bit dark, but on nicer days, they open the garage door and that creates a nice balance.Usually I'm apt to give your standard bar/restaurant a 3 star rating, but the service here merits an extra star.
4	Great Place, Jerk Chicken Wrap with avacado and pineapple is awesome, Wings are good too, lots of sauces to choose from, V and Pete make you feel welcome and Music is Also Nice....Happy Hour from 5 to 7 a Plus!!
4	Good wings. Good burgers and the drink prices are fair for the area. Also great service.
3	Friday night. The boyfriend and I are starved and wanting to try something new. I scanned through my city dining cards and came across this place. I've seen it around and thought it looked pretty awesome, so I gave them a call to see how busy they were, since it was a Friday and it was also around 830 pm. The employee told me that there were a lot of empty tables. 15 minutes later we arrive, the place is packed! Not the employees fault, it is impossible to predict the future lol. Walking in was one of the only times I have ever felt awkward walking into a bar. If all the tables are full, and the bar as well, there really isn't a place for you to stand. My boyfriend and I ordered a beer, I ordered whole hog pumpkin- fall delishishness, and stood in the corner all out of place until two spots at the bar opened up. It's definitely a hipster place. They have some pretty awesome one of a kind art on display that you can also purchase. My boyfriend was obsessed with one in particular. I ordered the cauliflower nuggets  as an appetizer... Omg. The curry dipping sauce they were served with was out of this world! The tots themselves were very good as well. As a meal, I  ordered the portabella wrap. I had seen in previous yelp reviews that they are generous with the portabella mushrooms, unfortunately that wasn't the case for me! The wrap was alright, but mediocre. The feta was a little overwhelming. My boyfriend had a flatbread, and we were surprised to see it was actually just a small pizza- not what we were expecting. He loved it! Overall, cool bar. Decent selection of beers. The food isn't anything special, but I would like to return and give their menu another shot!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this bar! It has such a relaxed and welcoming atmosphere. Yes there are hiptsers...but hello this is L-Ville. The food is great! And they have great beers.
5	One of Pittsburgh's best kept secrets.  The staff is beyond friendly, the food is very good, they have a good beer selection and the atmosphere is great.  We try to hit this place up when we're in Lawrenceville
3	I recently visited New Amsterdam again. I was hoping this experience would be a little better than my last- not that my last experience was a negative one, but I was hoping I would find this place to be a little better than just average. My boyfriend and I visited on a Saturday afternoon- we were the only ones in the whole place. I noticed right away that the art on the walls was different than the last time I had visited. I asked our bartender about it and he informed us that New Amsterdam features a different artist each month. The artists bring in their pieces and sell them through the bar- how cool! He said the wait list is 8 months long. Super awesome. My boyfriend ordered the BBQ chicken flatbread , which he ordered last time as well- he's so adventurous ;). I ordered the jerk chicken wrap-- avocado and pineapple and chicken with a spicy jerk seasoning, it sounded like it would be packed with flavor! To my disappoint, it was not. I couldn't even locate the pineapple. The avocado was barely present as well. It was ok- but just that... Ok. The fries were nothing out of the ordinary either. I did really adore the beer I had though. Shipyard gingerbread head- it was like a gingerbread cookie in liquid form! Sooo good! I would love to return for some beers and to check out next months artist of the month.
