4	hit gritz for brunch last weekend.  pleasant little cafe, southern influenced.  sad to say, i could not try some of the southern specialties - had to settle for scrambled eggs, a hot link and some turkey sausage.  eggs - boring, but i don't hold that against them, the link - tasty, the turkey sausage was a little rubbery.  my guess, pre-cooked then reheated via the micro.disappointed that they use all plastyic utensils, plates, etc.  but again, not a biggie.this is the kind of local place that you hope will succeed.  and sorry, had to pass on the grits.  low carbin'
3	I've never been to a 'soul food' restaurant before and I'm not exactly sure on how much entrees are supposed to cost, but the prices of their entrees were priced between $10 and $15, about as much as an Olive Garden. There are smaller sandwiches for less than $10, but I'm not a sandwich type of girl.Nonetheless, I thought the food was pretty good. The catfish was delicious. I also had greens, but it didn't taste as good as homemade. The cornbread was okay; I've had better.The waiters were really attentive. This could have been due to them being really nice or the place being super small; there were less than 10 tables. So, if you plan on bringing a big party, you might want to set up a reservation (if they take them) or just head somewhere else.I would definitely go back though. I want to try the rest of the menu and the people were very nice.
4	I like the food; I think I ordered a 'rich boy' sandwich.  It was really crowded when I went and there isn't a lot of parking because it's next to a beauty school.  I'd probably call-in  my order next time and just pick it up.
3	This is not a full blown soul food restaurant because the "soul food" selections are very limited.  In addition to a small collection of southern cooking you can choose from an assortment of po-boys and breakfast items.  This place is small and the service is nothing special.
3	Last week my mom and I were on the other side of town for business reasons and we stopped to have lunch at Gritz through a recommendation of a guy who worked in the neighborhood. Since it was the closest place we could walk to since we have to rely on public transportation and had time to kill, Gritz seemed like a different kind of place to try some soul food.The staff were very accommodating since my mom is handicapped and has to travel in a motorized scooter. I had grilled pork chops with eggs and potatoes and my mom had the special of the day, a turkey and bacon sandwich with fries. I was a little disappointed by the chops - they were a little thin and dry for my taste. Also, I got confused when I thought the hot sauce was ketchup and accidentally poured it all over my eggs! But it wasn't as bad as I thought. The potatoes were decent, but I had to put some salt on them to jazz up the taste. I wish I had the same thing my mom had because that turkey sandwich looked a lot more appetizing.For dessert we split a lemon cake which was pretty delicious. Although the meal was a little pricey ($20 for both of us for a casual restaurant is a little much), I may go back there again. I rarely go to that part of town and it's a little off the beaten path. It's not easily found unless you live and work near that part of town (Lake Mead and MLK). Overall, it's a decent little place to have breakfast or lunch if you're looking for something out of the ordinary.
3	We went for mid-day breakfast today.  My husband and son had the waffles and wings which they enjoyed.  I had chicken fried steak, which was covered in gravy not just a dollop like most places.  We all agreed that it was better than the last place we had chicken fried steak.  My husband can't wait to go back to try their catfish and sides.  Will tell his friends about this place.
4	this restaurant was very good. the service was good. the place is knida small so get there early
5	The Chicken & Waffles are great !!!  Very friendly staff. The Gritz are always perfect !!! I go every Saturday morning & treat the office staff.
5	service: greatfood: grrrreat(omg the potatoes, catfish && the chicken)wish i can have some now mmhhhhhits a small place but sooooooo worth it!!!!!!loves it!!!!
4	Delicious catfish! The eggs and english muffin that came with them were also good. Tried my friend's sausage and it was delicious too. Service was friendly and the staff came by our table often. The only thing I was not sold on was the desserts. They said their grandma makes them, but they tasted store-bought and the sweet potato pie I had was frozen in the middle.
5	omg! wow!!! that was amaze-balls!!!! BF had biscuts and gravy he loved it i had catfish and cheddar jalapino(sp?) grits! wowwww!!! service was sooo nice!!!! the cute short girl with short hair was so sweet. we WILL be back! we used our groupon and after that we paid $6!!! worth every single penny!!! the sweet tea was fantastic!
1	Might be a fine place if you are not a transracial family with small children.    We are, and when the server came to deliver our waters and my coffee she said "you need to get your kid under control, we don't have insurance for stuff like that" (he had been walking between where I was sitting at the table and where my husband was ordering). I respected her comment and turned to tell my son that he needed to stay in his seat. As I was turned she put our waters in the middle of the table, and my coffee in front of my 15 month old daughter. My daughter grabbed it and screamed, and when I turned back to attend to my daughter the server said "See, what did I tell you?" I grabbed the kids and told my husband we needed to go.  They were sure to charge us for the coffee. Very disappointed in the way my children and I were treated.
4	OMG... This place is a must try for breakfast... MY goodness, the grits are always on point (everytime I've had them), the cheese eggs and the fried catfish. yum yum yum... Delicious... Everytime I visit Vegas I make my way to Gritz.. :) Love this place...  The chicken wings are just as good. Yum yum yum.. Go ahead and try it. It's a hidden little place but it's worth finding and dining. The staff are always pleasant as well. Enjoy and happy eating..
5	Special hidden gem.  This place has been open since 2008 and has only 15 reviews.  I would have never hit this place up had it not been for a Groupon coupon ($7 for $15 in food)This is Soul food at its finest.  We had their chicken and waffles which comes with one waffle and 3 whole chicken wings.  I made love to them chicken wings.  I don't leave any meat, skin, or cartilage on the bone.  The bone is sucked dry and rightfully so as it is perfectly seasonsed with the delicious cripsness.  The waffles are similar to Roscoe's in texture but the flavor was really good.  I wish the waffles were a little crisp but they are more of a pancake waffle texture.In addition to the chicken and waffles, we tried their Grits which were butterty, rich, and went down smoothly with the Chicken and Waffles.  Throw in a side of greens and 2 drinks and w/o the Groupon it was only $21. Ok I'm not being racist here but you have to judge the food by its loyal customers.  For instance, if you go to a Korean restaurant and see 99% white people, it's probably not good....right?   As we walked into Gritz with all 9 of its tables, we were the only non-AA people there.   To me, that means I hit the jackpot when it comes to soul food.  Sorry....I had to go there....but it's true.  At least I'll say it :)The owners were super nice and chatted with us about the food.  We told them we'll be back and for good reason.  Cheap, delicious, home comfort food at its finest.  Considering how much love M&M gets, Grifz Cafe should as well.  Be sure to check them out!
5	Born and raised in the deep south, this place would be be one of the best restaurants back home. Can't be missed if this is your thing. Went for the first time and had catfish the catfish breakfast with potatoes and chicken and waffles with cheese grits.Notice how virtually none of the "bad" ratings came from people who have actually been to this kind of restaurant before.
5	This place is a hidden gem, I had their chicken and waffles and my husband had their catfish.We waited for 20 min for our food but it was worth it because everything is fresh and made to order. The food is nicely flavored no hot sauce or special condiment needed. As far as the service, nothing to complain about . The only thing is they open at 7am-3pm I just don't understand why they would close so early with all the business they get.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat there again.
4	Bomb dot com! Is the best phrase to describe this establishment. My goodness the food here is amazing. I'm from New Orleans, LA and haven't found a good soul food resturaunt in Vegas yet. Every place I've been is all imitation. But Gritz Cafe, the best soul food business in town!I order the Louisiana special for breakfast on my visit. Four grilled hot links, scrambled eggs with cheese, butter biscuits, and southern style potatoes were on my plate baby. I ate it all in about 3 minutes with room for seconds lol. The best breakfast I've had in years since my mama's cooking.The sitting area is pretty small and seating is limited. The place was packed and we had to wait til a table cleared before we got to sit down. Thankfully a family was leaving before our food was ready or else we would've been forced to take our food to go. The pricing of the food was expected and worth every penny. But you can always call in your order before arriving.I will definitely visit this resturaunt again, and again, and again.
3	GREAT CONCEPT. AVERAGE EXECUTION. * A palace called GRITZ should have better ones. Or, at least, more options of them ( like-regular, cheese polenta, w/red eye gravy, etc) not just the option of "toppings"* Potatoes are good* Everything fresh and cooked to order* Nice cozy inside* Good service* Price a little high for what you get - lower the price and its fine. Or, keep the cost the same but raise the level of execution. A place called Gritz, located in the "Hood", priced pointed high, should have some more soul to its food...more "stank" on it. But all in all Ive had worse. Ive been to this type of place all over the US...heck Ive been to this place before. I respect the effort  and would return.
3	This might be my new fav breakfast spot; smells like moms chicken grease, next to a beauty shop, and gospel on the radio should be good. Food didn't dissapoint.
2	My dining companion recommended this place...  I was game for some soul food so I figured, 'why not?'  I was looking forward to juicy fried chicken and was disappointed to find out they only served fried chicken wings. I ordered 8 wings and my friend got the catfish po' boy. Her sandwich came out within 6 minutes but I waited 25 minutes for my meal. After the 20 minute mark I asked one of the workers if my order was coming up soon and she replied with a sarcastic "no it's not" and then cackled like that was funny. When I finally received the wings I realized why it's called "fowl." The chicken was dried and unseasoned. Eating them filled me with a sense of sorrow. I became depressed thinking multiple chickens sacrificed their appendages for this soulless food. I contemplated vegetarianism. I give this establishment 2 tines on my trademarked five-pronged review fork. I will not return.
5	Oh holy sweet baby Jesus this place is GOOD!Fried chicken and waffles!  so good!  We all loved our meals.Everyone was so nice and the place is spotless!  only 2 bad things:  1) very limited seating, there's maybe 10 tables in the place. you walk up to the counter and the bring the food to the table.  2)  the mac n' cheese was really bland!  so I'd skip that side go straight for the bacon cheese grits instead!
5	This is the best breakfast in Vegas. I've been almost every weekend since I found the place. Order the Louisiana special with grits and a buscuit. location is awkward and the food is a little pricey ($21 for two) but well worth it. Service is super friendly and never a complaint. Love this place!!!!!
5	ate here again!!!! this time my parents were in town from Michigan ... my mom is from Georgia and KNOWS soul food... they LOVED IT!!!!!!! Dad had chicken and waffles LOVED IT... Mom and I had the catfish and gritz with cheddar and jalapeno and BF had catfish on a sandwich.. i think its called po-boy catfish sandwich.. SO YUMMY!!! We will be back again soon!! again and again and again!!!
3	This place wasn't bad, I was apprehensive about trying the catfish since I'm not typically a fish person but fry up that sucker and put some hot sauce and whoa nelly, maybe I'll have to eat fish more often.  It made me disappointed though that I played it safe and only ordered one piece of catfish with a piece of fried chicken.  I wasn't a big fan of the chicken and just felt the need to pour more and more hot sauce on it to make up for it.I didn't play it safe on the side though and decided to try out the grits.  Problem was I had no idea what to do with them.  I tried to make them sweet with sugar packets and jelly but it just wasn't working.  I might to do more research on what to do with grits or just be lazy and just order the potatoes on the side if I ever do come back here.  So in the end my feelings on this place were mixed, I wouldn't argue if friend suggest to eat there, but I won't champion for it either.  Then again I might need to eat some more catfish in the future.
5	Chicken & Waffles with a side of greens ... were off the wall. The mahogany interior was clean and the staff was super friendly. Will definitely be back here!
5	My friends and I live down the street from Roscoe's on Pico in LA and are big fan's but Gritz Cafe has won us over. We come to Vegas often  and Gritz Cafe had become part of our Vegas routine. We love this place and the staff is also very good. The short wait for a table or to get your food is very well worth it!!! Once at your table the staff is very good at anticipating your needs. This is a huge thing to me and they do a great job!!!
5	I constantly miss Southern food. Came by with a friend because I seriously needed a sweet tea and grits fix. Small restaurant, but nice layout. Friendly cashier and servers. Had a Groupon so the price was great. Got the Georgia (have to show some love to my home state) and a peach cobbler. The pork chops (grilled) were great, juicy and not too chewy. The eggs were perfect and the grits were great for dunking my pork chops in (there is no right or wrong way to eat grits). The cobbler had a lot of peach and was awesome!!! Super!!!!
5	First time I came to Gritz Cafe I brought my auntie, she loved it.Second time, I brought my big sister ... who is the biggest skeptic and food critic ... she said, "This is good food. Chicken is fresh and tasty and the waffles are good." Which means she loved it. I always love it too! Try the greens too, they are yummy.And like their sign reads, "Please be patient. Your food is cooked to order." So worth the wait!
3	I really enjoyed their food. But had to take away a star for the long wait for some chicken wings. and another star taken for how expensive the price is.
4	The chicken and waffles were yummy! I'm not a chicken wing fan so next time, I'll see if they can substitute chicken strips!
4	I'm a fan. I oredered their wing breakfast with potatoes, eggs and a biscuit. It was GOOD!! Decent food, esp. for the price. I paid $8 bucks and it included 3 wings. Potatoes are the bomb, my chicken was GOOD!!
4	Gritz Cafe is great. Went there and tried the Fried Catfish...hmmmm ..good. One of the best soul food place around. Highly recommended!!!
2	I'm really torn to say whether I would give them two or three stars. For the most part I always get the turkey sausage grits bowl and its awesome the sausage is juicy and the eggs cheese and grits is that perfect compliment although it can seem a bit pricey for the portion just 1 small patty just doesn't stretch through your bowl well. But on the other hand service means everything to me and I have to say the people working there are so ungrateful when it comes to you giving them your hard earned money. I find the cashiers to always be smug and cold very brief and unapproachable. I think that they should be required to go through some sort of customer service skills review or course or maybe the owner should reevaluate who behind the register because the are the first impression to their business.
2	The food is great however...The staff has problems with communication skills. First you can spend 30 bucks in their. And they will give u a tiny cup of water. What am I to do with this like...I'm thirsty not trying to brush my teeth.Their rude staff sucks big time! We are in Nevada if I spend money why not give a nice size cup of water its a desert out their. They seem to look down on you because you don't want a soda. But I just spent 30 bucks ugh! Now I have to spend 2 more bucks for water. lol Last I checked tap water is free. Its not as if they give you bottle water. Also I asked if the pudding is made from scratch. I was told yes. So I bought the pudding. However when I got home I could not believe my eyes. The pudding was box made. I Deceive you not people. So I jumped back into my SUV and ran back across town to gritz. I was met by the same older lady who had lied to my face. OMG you think you can trust someone thats old enough to be your grand mother. Ugh! but anyway when I told her why I was back and that I wanted a refund she gave a piss poor excuse as to why she deceived me. She said I think of gritz cafe as my home so I used box pudding and to me thats home made. I replied only a person who cant cook would give an excuse such as this. Gas is not cheap and you lady just are a pure liar. She wasted my time and money. If I return I will only be getting catfish and maybe chicken I have had both those dishes and they were great.
3	When I'm in Vegas I like to try restaurant that are away from the strip and the big hotels, one restaurant that I recommend for breakfast is Gritz Cafe. Located just north west of the strip no more than 10 mins away, the restaurant is very clean but somewhat of a tight fit so seating is a bit limited. When you place your order you'll have to go to the counter and your food will be brought to the table. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and I have to say it was delicious. I love my food freshly prepared and served hot and at Gritz Cafe that's the only way they serve their dishes. Grits seem to be their specialty and you can just about order it with anything. The service was great and the severs were friendly. All in all it was a very good experience. The only thing that I could find wrong is that they use plastic ware  plates, forks and styrofoam cups a no no in the restaurant business. Still worthy of three stars.
4	can we get some gravy with those grits? they are cryin for some!!! u guys rock.
4	I'm a regular customer at Grits Cafe.  The food is awesome, with one exception; the grits.  I'm a Chef, with breakfast food being at the top of my favorite things to prepare.  Growing up my mother made grits that were thick and creamy, in a sense like cream of wheat.  Well at Grits Cafe, the grits always have a thin film of water on top, and lack the creamy-ness I grew so fond of as a child.  So I usually order the home fries with catfish, and eggs.  Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.  If you go, I  promise you will like...
4	Not the best soul food ever but it will deffinetly do. They make their scrambled eggs exactly how i like em. And their biscuit was on point too. Real big portions.
4	Never having experienced "soul food," I can only allow my review to go so far.The staff was fantastic: polite, considerate. They made me feel warm and cuddly with their constant checking in. The propieter even made a round of the tables, asking the guests if they wanted water, a to-go box, etc.I ordered their catfish basket with french fries; a Sprite on the side. My total was $11.35 for a good handful of seasoned fries, 4 pieces of free-range catfish that were at least 6" in length and a huge soda. I could be prickly about the expensivity of the meal; however, ingredient costs have skyrocketed in recent months, so it's totally understandable.Surrounded by good company and good food, I will definitely come here again. Thank you, Gritz Cafe!
5	Was very impressed with the yummy gritz and great service!! I would love to come here for breakfast every Sunday before church:) The large waffle I had was amazing too :)
5	I was ready to go in the back to see if my grandmother was cooking. I hadnt had gritz in so long too!!! It tastes like love. There is not scimping on the portionm size these servers are generous. LOL i had the Kentucky plate and my GF had the fish ( which ever plate that is) but it was crazy delicious and we were stuffed. The waitress turned the tables over pretty fast and its a place for all ages. xoxoxoxo we love yall and will be back soon
5	I go to Gritz as often as I can. The only problem is its on the westside of town and I'm in Henderson. My wife loves the chicken and waffles. The grits themselves are amazing, creamy and flavorful. The sausage and catfish are also great. I always order too much food because I cant pick just one. The menu is limited to breakfast food and baskets and sandwiches for lunch. Still one of my favs
5	First time there. There was no menu hanging but up by the cash register. Ordered chicken and waffles to share with my friend and catfish combo. the catfish wasn't so oily and the chicken and waffles was amazing.  there was only 2 people working up front, a young gentleman and a lady. they were both great and i will definitely be going back.
4	I really like this place, it's very cozy if you like intimate settings but if your claustrophobic you maybe want to just get your food to go. The food is amazing the customer service was great the reason for my 4 stars is because it took forever for our food to come but the only reason it took forever was because the food was freshly cooked. When I'm in town again I would love to go back :)
5	The greatest and first Cobb Omelette I've ever had.  Good hotcakes too!! (place needs to expand -too small) lol
4	Cheese grits with fried chicken for breakfast...yummy! Food is great...quick service too.
4	The grits were ON POINT. I got the fried chicken and waffle. Super hot fire. Had to dock a point 'cause the lady up front barely understood English, so it literally took like 20 minutes just to order my food. But other than that, the food was hella good. I would definitely be back.
4	It's located on a side street near MLK which is kind of hard to find and limited parking. This is a very small restaurant so I wouldn't recommend planning to eat in here. I ordered the chicken and waffles which was very good. It's no Roscoe's but I enjoyed it. This is about one of the only places you will find to enjoy chicken and waffles in Las Vegas. I'll be back to try other things. It's a little too expensive to eat here on the regular. There was about a 20 minute wait for my food which is quite a bit but overall I was satisfied with my experience. Shoutout to whoever posted the picture of the fried catfish and fries plate because it looks super bomb. That's going to be my next purchase lol.
5	I like to support Black business's and this one was worth the drive, the wait, and the price! I was there this weekend, 1st time, and the grits were on point, I've never seen so many kinds...and the service was excellent. Lotta times folks talk about how Black business's can be...from my perspective ANY business can be mixed. From the young brother at the counter to the table service asking if we were good, Gritz deserves "5 stars"...which btw I never give to keep folks on their toes. This place deserves all of em!!
4	This place has the best chicken & waffles in Vegas. The chicken is well seasoned and the waffles taste great! I would give it 5 stars but the place itself is extremely small so it fills up quick during lunch and sometimes there's no tables left. It's worth the wait though!
4	I stopped in here this morning because I love grits.  Usually I just have grits as a side when I'm at Denny's or get a small bowl at Red Rock's buffet but this is the real thing.  I got a grits bowl.  I chose the three slices of bacon and I got cheddar cheese on the top.  I asked for the egg sunny side up.  It also came with a choice of toast or biscuit and I got whole wheat toast.  I left the counter carrying my coffee cup and within a relatively short time, a young woman brought my breakfast to me.  Wow, was it good!  Break the yolk, and let it run into the grits along with the butter I had already put in.  Wonderful.The restaurant is small--nine tables.  There was a couple with two small children at the other table--I hit a quiet morning--and they were visiting from California.  That's the kind of homey atmosphere the place has.Adam, the young man taking orders today, was a very pleasant guy! This is stick to your ribs down home cooking.  What that means is that breakfast was heavy laden with carbs so I'll have to do extra at my gym workout this afternoon.  Oh the horror, but it was so worth it.Thanks to Sylvia and Nelson Q. for their heads up on this great place.
5	One word: Yum. Wow, this place is amazing! I had a catfish po boy and it had this delicious crust on it that gave it the perfect crunch. My boyfriend ordered the gritz and catfish, and the gritz were creamy and buttery and unlike any other gritz I've had, just fantastic!
4	The young man who took my order was very polite and has obviously been taught good manners since he called me 'Ms.' Tonia. Waffles weren't anything to write home to mama about but they were good. Fried chicken was perfect! We had so much chicken that my daughter and I, ended up taking several pieces home. I popped them in the oven about 5 days later and they were still crispy and delicious. We will return to patron this business and to get some more of that yummy fried chicken!We got there right on time because it was a little empty and we had tables to choose from but that didn't last long. It's really small in their but it doesn't stop folks from coming in and ordering themselves some chicken. They only take cash so come with some paper.
4	MmMmmM Chicken and Waffles!I don't order fried chicken often...usually it's just not my dish.  A "soulless" piece of dried up, battered bird with no love.  First bite, deep fried grease drippin down your chin...you get the idea.Thankfully, Gritz Cafe is different...in a GREAT way!Chicken & Waffles ($10.95). Gotta be some of the BEST fried chicken I've ever had! So much flavor...so juicy...and everything tastes great with Maple syrup poured on it!  Batter has spices and flavor hiding inside, with a nice slightly crispy-crunchy consistency.Waffle was good, not mind blowing good, but combining it with the chicken takes it up to another level!  Pretty basic waffle, but the chicken is where it's at!I plan to be back to try the Catfish!  That's actually what I came here for initially, but breakfast moods swayed me!  Too bad they close so early...3pm!  But then again, I don't see myself coming here by myself at 10pm either LOLCome get some!
4	Gritz Cafe has discovered the recipe to perfect catfish every time, best in Vegas! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places! Not a lot of seating so be prepared to take your food to go.
4	In town for a dance explosion and heard someone talking about delicious grits. Sooo we made the journey and was not disappointed. PROS: Fried catfish looked crispy n golden brown (I'm told it was seasoned very well).Grits very creamy n delishBacon n wheat toast were standardFriendly serviceServed quicklyClean facilityCONS:Small but quaint spotUnder staffed (3) people to assist a full house (1 taking orders and delivering meals) 1 cooking and 1 ringing up the orderWould I go back? Absolutely!
4	A North Carolinian and an Alabaman walk into a cafe ... We KNOW grits (and fried food and cornbread - we both grew up eating our grandma's cooking).  When the two of us say "that was GOOD!", we have the expertise to make that a real endorsement. The good: tasty food - everything from the chicken-fried steak to the grits to the (yummy!) cornbread - and ample servings. The bad: a BIT pricey, the styrofoam plates,  plastic cutlery, and liberal political figures polluting the walls (I just sat with my back to the idiot-in-chief, worked out for me).With their prices and the fact that they accept neither food stamp EBT nor WIC, I doubt many Obama/Reid supporters actually dine with them.  Seriously though, how do you keep a small business running for five plus years and NOT figure out that supporting that crew is contrary to your success?Still enjoyed the food and will return to try other menu offerings.
5	My wife found this hidden gem from reading all the good reviews from fellow Yelpers. So thank you!! Have been looking for a good southern food establishment. This restaurant fits the bill.Took my Dad here a couple of weeks ago for his birthday breakfast. Located in West Las Vegas on Stella Lake just west of MLK. It's located in a small building right next to the police substation. Located in a nice new building, it is quite small inside, maybe 6 tables, mostly 2 tops and a couple larger 4 top tables. No problem. As good as the food was i would of sat on the floor or out on the grass to eat. First of all this place smells amazing. I knew we were in for a treat. Finally found food just as good as when I lived in Mississippi. My Dad ordered the mix and match. you pick 2 meats, 2 sides and choice of bread. He chose the chicken wings, catfish, along with grits, potatoes, and toast. Just a shout out to the Catfish. It was hot, moist, delicious flavor and one of the best crusted coating batters i have ever had. Southerners everywhere would be proud. Grits were creamy and cooked perfect. Awesome all the way around.I ordered the chicken and waffles. Really was looking forward to trying this, and I was not dissapointed. You get 4 large chicken wings. They were seasoned perfectly, and piping hot. So hot in fact it stayed that was the entire meal. It just would'nt cool down. lol. The waffle was delicious, light and fluffy. Pour the maple syrup on everything and it was southern hospitality on a plate. Really Really Good!!Breakfast is served all day. A lot of the plates are named after southern states. Such as the Arkansas. Country Chicken fried steak and gravy. The Virginia. Grilled ham steak. All plates are served with 2 eggs, grits or potatoes and bread, muffin or biscuit.Overall a great place to get your Southern Fix on. Friendly service, great Southern food, large portions, and good prices. Give it a try!!
4	There are certain places I refuse to go to especially alone. I'm always up for some good Southern cooking but if the area looks like I could get shot any time then, forget it! In fact, there's a place a block away from Gritz Cafe that supposedly has good catfish and a group of Yelpers actually went a few months ago. I saw pictures of the place and decided it would be smart for me not to go even as a group. I'm glad to say that Gritz Cafe is a clean, safe place with good food.They only have a few tables. The service was superb and absolutely friendly. The food was served fresh and hot. We got catfish with grits and mac and cheese, and chicken and waffles. Their sweet tea was less sweet compared to most places that serve sweet tea.Catfish:Seasoned, battered in corn meal and fried to perfection. Put some hot sauce and it's perfect! I've had terrible catfish in the past and I was also raised to not eat catfish since "it's a bottom feeder that eats garbage" so for me to like this speaks highly of this place. 5/5Chicken and Waffles:I'm a Roscoe's fan so I would have to compare their chicken and waffles with GC's. GC has 4 huge chicken wings. Roscoe's lets you choose what parts you want. BUT GC's fried chicken was just as delicious. Super hot (temperature-wise), crunchy and well-seasoned. As for the waffles...well, they were marginal. Nothing special...Roscoe's waffles are sooo much better. Even the guy at the next table thinks so! 3.5/5
4	This might be my new favorite southern food joint in town! Please extend your hours and move to a bigger location!! Only open from 7am-3pm daily- offering breakfast/lunch dishes. The restaurant itself is tiny! Maybe 10 tables max? And only two tables outside. On a Saturday morning my husband and I were huddled in a corner waiting for our food debating if we should eat in the car! But it was definitely worth the wait. Catfish- amazing! Finally found a place that makes it like Catfish Alley (so sad that they closed!) Breaded with cornmeal and perfectly crispy. A little strange to have it for breakfast but I wasn't going to complain. Gritz? What are gritz? Never had them before and not sure how they're supposed to taste... but I finished the whole bowl. They were delicious. Good flavor and had the consistency of a thick cream of wheat. Add cheese and bacon and you'll be in heaven. Overall: everything is made to order and comes out amazingly fresh and delicious. Very small restaurant so maybe order togo if you don't have a table.
5	So everyone bragged about this restaurant and I just had to try it....it was great!! I had catfish, grits and eggs with toast. I've never had catfish that I didn't have to put any sauce on which was good. I didn't think the grits would be good comparing them to my grandma's and they were good!! My hunny had chicken and waffles he said it was okay but his plate was cleared at the end lol I wish it was bigger to seat more people that's my only complaint.
4	This was my first visit to the restaurant. The service was so welcoming I felt as though I've been coming for years. I tried their grits, pork chops, biscuit, and chicken wings, and they were all tasty. In definitely making another trip in the near future.
5	Excellent grits! I can't wait to go back even though it's out of the way. I took a friend and she really liked it too.PROS: Grits - creamy, thick and smooth             Grits bowl with bacon and cheeseCONS: Small dining area/possible wait on weekends
1	PISS POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! I saw the reviews for this company here on yelp and decided to call them today to cater our company lunch which would feed 60 to 100 ppl...when I called a man answered and said "can you please hold?" before I could answer he put me on hold for over five minutes...when someone picked up the line, they said nothing and disconnected the call...now trying to call back and am just getting a busy signal...I have no idea about the quality of the food but will not give these people my money after today...this place REALLY needs to get a multi line phone system and get a better employee answering their phones!!! TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!
4	Love this place! My wife thinks I'm crazy but catfish, eggs, and grits are the best! Everything was tasty and the service was good as well. They are out of the way, off of MLK, but worth the drive. Their coffee could be better too, but not bad.
5	First time here. They have the best chicken! it so flavorful and the grits is to die for! We met the owner she is nice. The place is small and they have only 10 tables. Nice and clean place. We have found a new place to go everytime we go to vegas.
5	Really enjoyed my breakfast. Small family cafe. It was a little wait but what to except when your food is cooked fresh. Good is served on paper plates but that's cool,the young men are dress very well..great place
3	Really...?! I've been here twice and I can't really say any of the food knocked my socks off. I've ordered the grits bowl and po-boy with catfish. Grits bowl is pretty straight forward grits, sausage, eggs, and cheese. I've only had plain homemade grits grits in the past and this dish didn't exactly impress me. I wanted to give them a second chance since all their reviews are pretty good on Yelp, plus my co-workers talk about how good the sandwiches are. My second visit I order the po-boy with catfish which good, but it was a small considering the price is $8.50. It had lettuce, tomato and some type of sauce, the sauce added the extra pazaze to it. The size should of been bigger or at least add more catfish in there. I think the prices here are $2 or $3 more than what they really should be. This is the closest restaurant to my work, but I probably won't be back. The chicken and waffles looks good, if I'm really craving it, I might be back for that, but once again they are overpriced because it's $10.95, really?! $11 for chicken and waffles, that's pretty expensive considering how cheap it is to make a waffle and they use chicken wings, not even the better parts of the chicken.
5	I seriously want to cry as I write this. Now that I'm back from my vacation, I realize that I'm hundreds of miles away......FROM THE BEST GRITS EVER! I mean you don't need to add salt, pepper or butter. Plus they give you free cheese to sprinkle on top. I seriously had to touch my face to see if I was dreaming. I had the hot links and fried fish that was also amazing. I am so salty this place isn't in Seattle.
4	I had heard all of the hype , but had never been. Now I can't wait to go back. The grits are the best around. Thick, hearty and full of flavor. My only regret was not getting them smothered with bacon and cheese. I would rate the chicken fried steak in the top three valley wide. Tender with a tasty breading and enough country gravy to go around. The eggs were just okay, as was the coffee. The staff was friendly and the place was spotless. Definitely a good spot for breakfast with a return trip in the near future.
5	Our first time here last week.  I'm so happy my husband found this place for me!  I have been complain that there are not many places serve grits anymore, especially breafast or brunch.  The only place I know is Denny's and I'm not too crazy about their grits.  We ordered: Big Gritz Breakfast ($15.50), The Alabama ($9.95), The Mississippi ($10.95), two side of Grits ($3/each).PROS: Grits - creamy, thick and smooth.  I will ask for no salt, pepper and butter next time.  Hand-breaded fried catfish is the best I've had in a while.  My daughter, husband and I all loved it!!!  We fought over the last piece.  Everyone behind the counter remembered my husband's name when we left.           CONS: Small dining area = wait on weekends, lunch.  Closed at 3p.m. so I can only eat here on the weekend.
3	They get three stars from me. It's still a nice little place to get southern soul food. The place is extra tiny but the food rocks. This maybe the best place to get grits in Vegas. I always get the catfish & grits.
4	Melt in your mouth chicken and waffles.  Nice staff. I would give the place 5 stars but it took a little too long to get our food.
5	Hubby and I loved it!! I'm originally from Georgia and the grits here get 2 high fives!! Put this breakfast spot on you must visit list!! They take a little while cooking, but it is worth the wait!!
2	I was so hoping Gritz Cafe would live up to the high ratings I had seen on Yelp. Alas, that level of anticipation and expectation may be what is driving my 2 star review.  I found the whole experience to be substandard to any Southern Soul Food dining experience I've had in my travels.  The menu was quite limited.  Food was not even served on a plate.  Everything was dished out on styrofoam plates/containers and the utensils were plastic.  I ordered the Mix-n-Match.  2 large fried chicken wings and 2 catfish fillets with greens, grits, and cornbread.  The bright spot was the chicken. The greens were also good but I could not find any pepper sauce to accompany them.  The cornbread was a light muffin and sweet.  The grits were good but seemed to be missing something (butter and heavy cream if I had to guess).  Most of the tables in the small dining area were filthy with crumbs from previous diners and no one from the staff seemed to care when I had to clean off my own table and chair before I could sit down. I know we are a long way from the southern states, but this could be so much better.
5	Without a long..... Review. The food was GREAT!!!! Very good, steamy hot when served. I would definitely come back!!!
4	Nice place with good food at a good price.
4	I was there a few times this year and it was amazing.  I had the chicken and waffles.  The chicken had seasoning and the waffles were light and fluffy.  The Gritz will run Rocoe's Chicken and Waffles out of business! (They ought to take notes).  I will definately be back in a couple of weeks. I had also tried the fried fish and gritz.  It was goodddddddd.   I will also will bring some people along that have never experienced The Gritz Cafe.  I cant wait, my mouth is watering just thinking bout how good it is!
5	Was visiting from Philadelphia and someone next to me on the plane recommended this place and I loved it! Everything was cooked perfectly. Tasted like home cooking to me.
5	Food was awesome and so was the service. This was the first black ran/owned resturant that I have EVER been to where the service was great!! All the ladies who work here and run the front of the house were amazing!!  Can't wait to go back!'
3	Really small place its best to know what you want walking in the door and come with at least two people so one can get a table. Food is ok mad fresh
5	Absolutely too good! Too full to text!
4	fantastic southern style. It was good.
5	BOMB.com!! Best homecooked breakfast in the valley. Glad to finally have a place that specializes in soul food. Vegas had me worried for a minute. Good staff very nice and helpful. Might have to become my go to spot on weekends!
2	So I was very excited to try this place, because I heard about it from one of the owners friends and also read great reviews about it.  After almost a year I finally squeezed in some time to try it.  My husband and I were VERY disappointed!  The person that took our order was impatient and she didn't smile once.   When our food came the order was wrong and the food did not live up to the hype.  The turkey chops were as dry as paper, the greens were hard, and the mac and cheese was watery.  The cornbread muffin tasted like it was from a box, the catfish was super fishy and the chicken wing was nothing special.   I was hoping this place was good because there aren't that many soul food places here in Vegas but it was a serious let down.  Besides that, the tables were dirty and the women's restroom was out of order.  Big thumbs down..We will not be going back.  :-(Btw on the door they advertise shrimp and grits but there is nothing on the menu with the two together.
4	Another great find in Las Vegas. Went here for a quick bite and was happy I did. I had the mix and match with the hot links, wings with Gritz and eggs. All was on point like easting at home (if your wife can cook) it's just good. GO HERE! You won't be disappointed.
4	On my first visit I was hooked, I consider myself a very good cook, and I am picky about my Grits........I was not disappointed with the grits, they were cream and seasoned just right.  The chicken wings were cooked to perfection!...Hubby had the Catfish and he has told everyone how good it was.  On our second trip I had the Grit bowl and it too was delicious.  I'm going for number three as soon as I hit Vegas in a few weeks!
5	Wow! I think amazing. I had the Arkansas chicken fried steak and eggs... omg. So good. Crispy steak, home fries, eggs, and a English muffin. So tasty My roommate had the club sandwich. Oversized and he loved it! Well be back over and over again. :)
5	Love love love this place! If you're looking for a down home country breakfast, this is the place!
5	I absolutely love this place! We had the fried catfish and chicken; gritz and potatoes. Everything was GREAT
5	So I've been wanting to come to this place for a while, I look up where they are located & they aren't that far from me, so me & my mom decide to call & order to go. Keep in mind, it is best to call your order ahead of time, this place gets busy & it is small so not a lot of seating, which is fine. My mom got the "Bubba" & I got the "Rich Boy". BEST SHRIMP SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OF PUTTING IN MY MOUTH. I'm not over exaggerating,  I'm VERY picky about my food. Generous portions,  I had leftovers. Will be coming back again and again!  Do NOT ever in your life second guess this place, it will always be a YES for me from now on. I am a fan!
4	It's a little out of the way from where we were staying on Freemont Street but worth the trip if you have the time and a car. I had the grits bowl with cheese and sausage, my husband had catfish with his grits. I immediately regretted not ordering the catfish for myself after sampling my husband's.The cornbread was moist and the sweet tea an unusual treat as it isn't common where I live. Like I said, it's off the beaten path but worth driving a few minutes for.
5	One of the best hidden gems in Vegas. Great food,  shrimp & Grits to die for.  Grilled or Fried. Turkey saugage,  catfish, chicken, hot links,  potatoes etc. If your in Las Vegas and want something more for your this id the pkace.
5	My introduction to a PO BOY has happened at last. Gritz is an unassuming place, located off of MLK, and it happens to be almost directly across the street from the FBI! Yes indeed - there it was, the FBI.My friend and I trekked here for lunch around 1 PM on a weekday. I was half expecting the place to be packed and we'd have to take our food to go, but I was pleasantly surprised we were able to eat there. It is a small place, with a few tables, and some two-tops along the back wall. Ordering is done before you seat yourself and then the food is delivered out to you, as well as your fountain drink.I got the PO BOY - Fried Catfish served on a 6" grilled hoagie roll with lettuce, tomatoes, and special sauce ($8.50). I am a fan of fried catfish. I have had it fished out of a river, and fried up right before my eyes at many family gatherings in Texas. This fried catfish was wonderful! The crispiness of the fish was perfect, whatever recipe they are using is damn good. The sandwich itself is perfectly portioned with lettuce, cut tomatoes and their special sauce. I also added a good dousing of hot sauce on mine. I was in catfish sandwich (er, PO BOY) HEAVEN.The restaurant itself is clean and tidy. Service is on point. I will be back!
4	This place has great food and even better customer service! ! I recommend you coming here! !
3	Overall experience was good, good service, good food.  I gave three stars because my wings were slight under cooked, but I could see the vision. Would definitely give it another try.
4	We loved the generous portion of grits. No lumps! Just creamy and perfectly seasoned. Also enjoyed the well-seasoned generous serving (4!) of whole chicken wings that were fried to perfection. Our waffles, while not as crispy as we'd like, were also just fine. The only reason it does not get 5 stars is because they use plastic place settings and plastic(?) plates.
4	This is the place I go to for a good southern breakfast if I don't feel like making it at home. Their grits are delicious, their fish is to die for. I love the grits bowls. The food is good and the prices are affordable. I'd get it to go due to the lack of seating space. Other than that, Gritz is a winner in my book!
