5	Skip the starbucks across the street and head on over to the original Southside coffee shop.  This hip and eclectic coffee shop has been serving up Pittsburgh's finest coffee and panini since 1991.Funky mismatched tables, great music, and free wifi internet access.  Swarm here if you live on the southside.
5	The Beehive is like a hip community center for the South Side.  This is a great place to have informal meetings since there is a lot of space and tables to sit around and talk.  There is a bookshelf with some board games in the middle room which I confess I have never actually played.
4	Oh how the high school Beehive memories come flooding back. When grunge was in and then out, drinking coffee and bucking the budding Starbucks trend was hip and driving was a novelty.And now.... Coffee shop culture never really hit the 'burgh, at least not to the extent that the San Francisco cup o' joe became a meeting place for great minds and stoners alike.  But the beehive tried to untie the intellectuals, academics, stoners and laymen, and did a fair job. They used to have movie night at the Oakland location, which is pretty fucking cool for Pgh.  I never went.  Probably because i lived in the suburbs and hated my life - but that was high school and you're supposed to hate your perfect little life at that point - no?
3	The coffee really isn't that good, but the variety on the menu is decent.  I have bad memories of teenage angst and if that is what you are looking for then you found it in The Beehive
4	I remember The Beehive when it opened up in the mid 80's. I grew up on Southside and this place is kind of a historical now. When I come back into town I swing in there. Their espresso drinks are all pretty good and the food is ok. The main reason to visit this place is the atmosphere. It is very urban and hip in nature, and has a lot of personality. Each of the 3 rooms has its own feel for sure, however the last room is a smoking room and if you are not a smoker you do not want to go in there....it is gross as hell. Check it out for sure, as it is very Southside in feel.
3	Staff is cute and friendly. Coffee is meh. If you sit anywhere near the smokers, the coffee starts tasting like cigarettes. It's definitely "cool" and has that vintage retro hipster thing happening.
4	Oh yes, the Beehive.  The Bohemian Buzz!As an above Yelp'er pointed out, this was the place to be in High School during the height of grunge!  I was never really a drinker because of my diabetes, but I could always have coffee.  I used to love to come here with friends, hang out, play a board game or two.  Even as we reached drinking age, my friends were pretty cool about me not being able to drink, so we'd still come here on occasion (but really, I'm okay with having a diet coke at a bar!).As I've gotten older, I've drifted away from this place.  But every so often, when I'm in the area, the need for a Bohemian Buzz comes back.  Sometime soon, my husband and I will have to come in the evening and just hang out here.
5	A South Side institution that couldn't even be deterred by a Starbucks moving in across the street. The coffee and hot chocolate are top notch, the daily soup selections are vegetarian-friendly, and the wireless access is free. I come for the cheap prices and its convenience to my work, but everyone else is there for that hipster cool vibe and kitschy decor. Do note: Beehive is cash only, but there is an ATM located inside.
3	If it weren't for the obnoxious high-school hipsters that hang out here, this place would be perfect. I love the way it's decorated, even going to the restroom is a fun experience when you read what has been written on the walls... It's colorful, a fun place to hang out with friends. My only other complaint is that I wish  they would only serve what they are really good at making / specialties... I once saw that thai ice tea was on their menu and when I ordered it the cashier told me that it wasn't that good, or wasn't home-made or something... which really strange because I didn't even ask...
4	If only we had a place like this in Chicago...3 big rooms, diverse crowd, fun kitsch/pop art, lots of chair/table configuratinos, computures, laid back atmosphere.   Unfortunately lot of smoking, which I guess would drive out the hippies and goths there if it were banned....so maybe it would be a bad transplant.    I could live and work in a place like this were it not for the smoke.
4	yeah not bad.  very Haight/Ashbury-ish, every corner to this place has got something interesting to look at and observe.  a lot of colorful characters, if you don't mind that sort of crowd.  the guys behind the counter are very cool, the tea was excellent, but the coffee was so-so.
2	Came to the Beehive for a bite and looking for a place to get some work done. Food: Okay selection of food. Mostly light meal oriented w/ panini and sandwiches. Lots of cakes and baklava.I got spinach pies- which are decent.Beehive roasts their own beans and coffee is pretty good.Atmosphere: ranges from eclectic to careless and haphazard. I wish  I hadn't come here to work. There are very few places set up for a single person and way too many mismatched, klunky chairs in this place. I almost never say something like "I wish I had gone to Starbucks" but that's the lash back response I'm having to the overly quirky set up of this place.Price: reasonable. I bought two spinach pies and a cup of coffee for $4.70.Payment Method: watch out! Cash only.On the scale of one to ten (ten being way too much quirk) of coffee house chaotic-ness this place earns a 9. If you're ten years younger than me (I'm 27) you might get into it though. it seems like a reasonable place to go after you've bought some punk gear, had an underage-beer, and need to spend that last 5 bucks of your allowance.
3	The hive is buzzing, always buzzing.  Whether is the motor from the ice cream cooler or the hipster high school, pierced denizens, the Beehive is buzzing.  The coffee is good, especially with honey.  This is one of the first places in the "Burgh that offered a french press (yes, before starbucks) for coffe and tea.  The setting is bohemian with attitude - hang out for more than 20 minutes and you'll see a cornucopia of people, all shapes, sizes and hair colors ( both kind of blue haired people, it is the So'Side).If you see a car hood hanging on the wall, painted with 3 odd looking men upon its canvas, it's mine.  Tell Scott I want it back!
4	We tried this very neighborhood coffee shop on a Sunday morning during a quick trip to Pittsburgh.  Gee, we wish we had a place like this closer to home.  (Well there are places like this close to home but it's a good line anyway)  My wife is the coffee expert and she pronounced the triple shot latte just to her liking. (aromatic and smooth and smoother than that chain place across the street) Of course it was 25 degrees outside and the coffee cooled off quickly upon take out. But inside it was warm and cozy.  The shop occupies a corner plus about two storefronts more, making it quite spacious.  They also sell food items, prewrapped sandwiches and pastries... and t-shirts and mugs and coffee beans by the pound.  I especially liked, ambience wize, the little table and chairs in the window, and the "circular" couch which I imagined would be good for group meetings while sipping coffee.  Also humorous was the other funiture, a mix of every decade it seems, and one table just like the one I had in the kitchen when I grew up in the 50's and60's.  Nice artwork on the walls, so , go to the Beehive, they deserve your patronage.
2	Hipster Haven.Doesn't open early enough ... coffee shop for those without real jobs.Cold Service.So-So Coffee..... but hey, we all need a cup of joe sometimes, just try not to let the jobless hipsters up set you.
5	I first came to the Beehive 3 years ago - wow! the E. Carson area changed a lot since then - traffic, parking meters everywhere, and a zillion people (where do they all come from??). The Beehive has changed a bit with wireless, more tables and chairs... but it's still a fun atmosphere with good music, coffee, and food. Excellent for sitting around with the laptop, maybe reading, people watching, and conversation eavesdropping. And yeah, some of the clientele may be "without real jobs," (whatever that means...), "hippies," (sorry, I live near Woodstock, NY and the people here are not hippies...) and "goths," (like Marilyn Manson and the Columbine kids?) but that's what makes it fun and interesting. If you want something a little less bi-polar maybe one of the cafes near Shadyside is a better choice. I'm just bummed that I didn't buy one of the Beehive t-shirts the last time I was here as they no longer have them. :-(
3	OK. Seriously just OK. Coffee was luke warm. Service was icey cold. Maybe if I had dreadlocks or piercing in multiple orifices I would get a "hello how can I help you".  The poor attitude is offset by the free WIFI. Nice large table make a good work surface to study off of plus there are many tables and three rooms. So for studying or computer stuff it's great but coffee and service is lacking quality.
4	Spacious local joint serving the typical coffee shop fare to an eclectic mix of folks.  Comfy atmosphere with lots of art and bright colors.  A great place to sit and study or to stop and relax while walking down Carson Street.Cash only.
4	Oh the Beehive!  Oh, the "Bohemian Buzz".  After going to the show at the nearby Southside Works Cinema, the Girl Posse and I stopped here afterwards.  This place (well really its Oakland location moreso) was a staple for me back in the '90s when I was in high school and college.  All the memories came back as we sat down--hanging out with friends, drinking coffee or espresso into the wee hours of the morning, playing boardgames, the mix-matched decor etc.  Some things never change.They may not exactly change, but let's just say they modify.  Some members of the posse have kids (thus we had to leave by 11pm), Susan just can't drink caffienated coffee at night anymore.  She prefers her sleep now and besides, she and her husband were taking the niece and nephew to Idlewild Park the next day.But you know what?  The four of us still had a great time last night.  I mentioned board games.  So you think we started off with Trivial Persuit?  Scrabble?  Monopoly?  Nah, we found Candyland floating around.  So picture four married 30-something gals drinking decaf (well, actually Marla is one of those who can drink a double espresso or a huge regular coffee and go to bed an hour later) and reliving their childhoods.  We did find a Scrabble game after that though.  I do miss the Oakland location though.  I remember seeing the movie "Clerks" there (how '90s of me) and quite a few bands there too.  Too bad it's now a T-Mobile store, or something like that.
5	This is what a coffee shop is supposed to be like.  Cool.Quirky.Bohemian.Coffee that tastes better than Starbucks.  Friendly people.Really, though, this is an awesome place.  I haven't een here in years and it has actually gotten better.  I am a tad square for the Bohemian atmosphere, but I will continue to return in the hopes of some of the atmosphere rubbing off on me.  The coffee was smooth and had only a hint of bitterness -- quite nice.  It was a bit weak, but I expected that considering it was a medium roast.Since the last time I was here, they have cordoned off the "third room" where all of the smokers congregate.  I have nothing against a smoker, it's just that my nose cannot handle the fumes without going into a sneezing fit.  You can be as square or normal as you want in person, but you must leave any preconceptions you may have about others at the door. Good Times.
5	I lived in pittsburgh from 2004 - 2006, for a bit I lived on Carson St, and I was seriously at the Beehive every day. The prices are fantastic, definitely better than any other coffee shop I've been to. The people that are regulars are fairly friendly, and you can always meet new people here. They used to have these amazing spicy peanut noodles that were seriously the best fucking thing ever. I was obsessed. So obsessed in fact that when I moved, I asked for the recipe and they gave it to me!  I don't think they sell them anymore though. Another thing that's great is how many different varieties of tea they have, plus you get a cute little teapot for more than one cup. Ahhh I miss it.
5	I spend a lot of time in coffee shops. Let me clarify this, I spend the majority of the time that I'm not at work or sleeping hanging about in coffee shops. One of the first things I do when visiting a new city is seek out the local coffee house, I feel these establishments are a great indication of the type of gritty art/music scenes I enjoy submerging myself in. Pittsburgh has it's share of commercial, chain, and small/independent coffee shops. The Beehive has long since been one of my favorites. Located in the middle of the full on pandemonium of the Southside and East Carson Street, this place is constantly a hub of activity. It specializes in more than just (hot & cold) coffee drinks, they also offer an array of breakfast/lunch/dessert food items too. The prices are low compared to most chains and while they only take cash they do have an ATM on premises.Multiple rooms make it big enough to find a spot to sit with friends to talk or just grab a seat to read/write/sketch. This is one of my absolute favorite places to go for an afternoon/evening.
4	I would like to give this 3.5 stars, but I round up. The Beehive is everything a quirky, eclectic coffeehouse can be and should be. Their prices are really good, and I can usually get drinks under 3.50. The trustifarians make me seem square (cuz I always thought I was somewhat hipster), but it is a pretty legit hangout place.
5	the beehive, like for so many, holds a wealth of memories for me. it'll never grow old.it's one of the only/best coffeeshops in the southside. it occupies three large rooms and a lovely little backyard area. the third room you can smoke in if you're 21 (they now sell alcohol which is a little weird but I guess gives them another dimension). the bathrooms have lots of grafitti for that lived in and loved feel. it's generally quiet and a good place to get work done during the day. they have good sandwiches and snacks. free wifi. a vending machine with cigarettes. lots and lots of seating and old tables and chairs that I love.this place is really splendid.
4	I've been going to The Beehive for about seven years now, and anytime I am back in Pittsburgh and hit the S.S I'll stop in. Place is great. It's definitely a huge hipster/punk/nutty natured kid hang out. Very eclectic mix of comfortable furniture, local artists' work on the walls, big rooms, plenty of space to get cozy or hang out with friends. Love the back yard area, I much prefer smoking out there than inside. It's very quiet back there and you usually don't run into many people. The Beehive has a very friendly staff, so be nice to them! This isn't the kind of place where you should go if you're just trying to grab a quick cup of coffee and head right back out the door. Take your time, look around, enjoy yourself. I'll bet you that you'll run into someone you know! I always do!
4	Time for another update.  I went to the movies at the Manor with three of my girlfriends last night.  Two of them have kids and had to go home afterwards, but Sherry and I were still up for something else.  And with all the great coffeehouses right by the Manor, naturally we trekked down to the Beehive!  It's still a cool place as ever and we got an intense game of Candyland up!
2	I have been going to the Beehive since I was in high school, but it's not where I would go for a cup of coffee. The atmosphere is creative, but I find the staff to be a bit pretentious and the coffee to be mediocre. The crowd that usually ends up here are the ultra so hip so indie so hipster so unique and different and therefore better than you. The kind of folk that are more interested on the paintings on the wall and the cool layout than actually enjoying a quality cup of coffee and a friendly staff. I must say the place has a cool layout. There are swings inside and they have a large space, which is good compared to the typical small coffee shop. Wifi isn't free, so get that out of your mind. That being said, if you're trying to actually accomplish something, I wouldn't go to the beehive because the crowd is pretty young and has a tendency to be distracting. There are other coffee shops in the South Side that offer a better experience.
4	I made my first visit to the Beehive today and was very happy that I stopped in. I am visiting from Chicago where the indie coffee shop is close to extinct so i was happy to find this place as it reminds of my old, long gone haunts.Keep up the good work Beehive.
5	I love the beehive!! I really miss the old one in Oakland though :(I live out in California now, but everytime I go back to visit Pittsburgh, I always make a point to stop by. The atmosphere is fun and laid back, great furniture and art all over the place and free wifi. They have a wide variety of food, sandwiches, teas, etc... and its just a really great place to spend an afternoon and catch up on some reading!
1	The Beehive used to be a hub for southside dwellers and city folk. It's turned into a half nightclub for 21+ during the night, and during the day you'll find yourself amid a slew of young and obnoxious goth kids, hippies, and straight up tools. I have nothing good to say about this place. Avoid. Go down to Caribou on 27th St instead!
3	This is the hipster haven of hipster havens. Everything about it is pretty alright but it's more for people watching then anything else. I have yet to see a group of people sit here mostly people by themselves reading or internetzing. It's probably a great place to get stuff done during the day.edit 12.19Their beer garden's pretty groovy.
5	My buddy Drew, who runs the ETC at Carnegie Mellon, suggested we meet for coffee at this local Pittsburgh establishment on Tuesday. My first thought: it felt like Austin.Well, my first first thought after I traversed the very narrow roads and worried - for just a moment - as I parked my car in front of two women sitting on the ground smoking cigarettes at 830 am. But clearly they had other things to do because despite the sketchy neighborhood, everything was cool.The coffeeshop is eclectic, definitely a hot seventies kitsch to  it. But not gaudy like grandma's fake jewelry. More antique-y. And there were tons of drink and foodie/breakfast selections. And the young woman behind the counter couldn't have been nicer. (Plus, after being subjected to 2 weeks of English cappuccino just before I arrived in Pittsburgh, it was nice to have coffee made right again.)If you're looking for something a bit funky, a bit real and complete with personality...this is your place.
5	Huge coffeeshop with extended vegetarian menu!  We wandered in here after walking from Station Square and through a somewhat sketchy neighborhood, but I am so glad I did!Everything on this street is fantastic!I loved my vegetarian tofu, spinach wrap touched with a sass of peanut siracha glaze.  It was divine!  It is definitely a very hipster looking place, but don't let the exterior fool you.This coffee shop extends the length of three store fronts, so you have plenty of room to sit, set up your laptop, put in your headphones, and click away at your work for a good three-four hours.  The menu is extensive and goes beyond the regular sandwich and paninis.  They even have soup!Stop on in!
3	I'd give it a two, but I'd rather see this place succeed than Starbucks on carson street.  The food is subpar.  The drinks are made well, depending on who you get.  I strongly dislike the owners of this place (personally).  The staff isn't exactly the most friendly.  The crowd usually consists of kids ages 12-17.  The older people there get their coffee and get out.  Non smoking, the out back area is cute but could use a lot of work.  The decor is interesting, though it's rare to see any half decent art hanging on the walls.   All in all it's not completely detestable.  Oh, it's also cash only, but there is an ATM.  Not sure if the vending machine still sells cigarettes and japanese candies, but it used to.
4	In the 'Burgh for Thanksgiving and had to stop in for coffee.  Met Johnny, a local character, that has called the Beehive home for many, many years.  Heard through the grapevine that there is a bar in the works and then the coffee shop will return to it's original smallish 1 room setup ( Beehive now occupies 3 storefronts connected internally ).
5	Totally luv the Beehive!     I do like the coffee but the best part about the Beehive are the pinball machines in the back.   They have a spiderman game.. some Twilight Zone game and some Martian invasion game.. but my favorite is the  Medieval Madness one.  hehe.. its actually quite a riot.    Im saving up my quarters for my next visit.I also love how there are a bunch of games like Scrabble, Boggle, Stratego, or Risk on the bookshelves too.Aside from the pinball and games, coffee is good.  Their menu is somewhat expansive for a coffee shop with ice cream, soups, food et al.   Although they dont have apple cider which would be nice to have...Beehive is pretty large for a coffee shop and great place to get some work done on those large kitchen looking tables or catch up on some reading.    Its not smokey anymore as there is a separate smoking room.  There are a lot of coffee shops but arent too many places like the Beehive (large coffee shop with tons and tons of boardgames, pinball machines, computers) anywhere. My favorite places in the VA area are/were Buzz coffee, Murkey (now gone) , Dremos (now gone) & Galaxy Hut (the last 2 are bars..).  Each have elements of the Beehive but miss the entire package.  Would love for a place like the Beehive to open up somewhere in DC area.
5	Last summer in Pittsburg I stumbled upon this gem. Imagine a 90's punk coffee house with pinball and beer. Snacks and coffee also. 3 pinball machines for your enjoyment.
4	They have a very "hippy" vibe here. They have some pretty great drinks, but I must say, the real reason I come here is because of the pinball machines in the back. I may be terrible but I sure can waste a lot of time trying to win a game of pinball, or at least beat the boyfriend! =)
5	The Beehive made me inner hippie smile! After getting a recommendation to go here from some Pittsburgh Yelpers, I was stoked to check it out. I absolutely love the interior of it with all of it's sunshiney colors, painted  flowers on the walls and clouds on the ceiling. It reminded me of coffee house meets thrift store. Two of my favorite things commingled into the one? Yes we have a winner!For being an independent place, I was expecting the prices to be higher but they were quite reasonable for a latte (cheaper than the Bucks and Crazy Mocha) so that just made the experience even better. Drinks came up in funky mugs and mini mason jars and the people watching was superb.  I wish I would have visited on an empty stomach so I could have gotten a chance to enjoy the veggie treats that everyone keeps yelping about.Plus, who doesn't love reading inspirational (and some non inspirational) quotes on the graffiti walls in the can?? Oh Beehive, I have a feeling I will be hitting you up again next time I'm in the Burgh!
5	Love, love, love the Beehive!!  This place gets a really rough reputation of being a hipster coffeehouse/bar when it's just a great, locally owned and independent alternative to Starbucks across the street.Prices are reasonable, even for beer on East Carson!  I love their specialty teas and coffees and somehow their chai seems like it's the best in the city.  They serve assorted pastries and sandwiches and ice cream too!Their bathrooms are the best in the city. :)
4	My review is based solely upon getting food to go. On my lunch breaks, ill walk to the beehive and grab some grub. So far nothing has disappointed me. I've tasted several soups, I'm a huge fan of the carrot/poppyseed and their minestrone. Sandwiches and wraps are always fresh, healthy and delicious. Prices are fair and the establishment is cash only. They do have an ATM inside but a couple of times I've been there and it was out of order so make sure you've some money in your wallet before you go.
5	I don't know how the beehive has escaped me for so long. For years I thought Carson Street was just one big frat party, then I stumble in to this place. Its huge! 3 big rooms with one you can smoke in. Coffee prices are average and you booze too if that's your thing. The set up is great, plenty of tables and the music they play isn't too bad either. When I've been there they play albums in their entirety which is cool. Ive been to coffee shops all throughout the country and this is definitely one of the best. A great alternative to all the 'roided up bars in the Southside area. And to all the haters who don't like the people who patronize the place because they are "weird", "freaks", "hippies", you obviously need to get out a little more. If you are looking for something a little more corporate and square there is always Starbucks across the street.
5	Tied for favorite coffeehouse in the Burgh.  Great place for meetups.  Love their hand-squeezed lemonade.  Great tea.  Quirky and fun, with plenty of wifi to boot.  A tad bit grungy, but that's kind of part of the experience.  Street parking can be challenging, and stop at the ATM because this place is cash only.
3	I won't say this a lot....but I felt slightly out of my element here.  I feel like The Beehive has probably hosted many area teenagers over the years.  Most of those teens have probably made their mark, literally, on the walls and tables of this place.  But alas, I am a teen no more.  Just trying to keep "hippity hop" like the rest of those youngins.  So for me, it's just not that type of place I can get into.  For others I'm sure it is.  Possibly a place that gets better at night...when you involve a dimly lite room, alcohol and karaoke.  Keeping it old school...like way old school...they do not take credit card.  A little irritating but I do understand that those transactions cost the owners money and I want to support the local biz scene. I did appreciate the incredibly friendly service I received from the Barista and the delicious Apple Cinnamon Iced Tea I drank in like five seconds.  I'd come back solely based on the service and to try the food.  I just don't know if I'd spend an extended period of time to say work...I may be too distracted people watching!
4	The Beehive needs to be on your list of places to check out. Oldies music and furniture fill the atmosphere of this awesomely painted coffee shop. It has a bit of a hippie vibe, but I'm fine with it. They have recently cleaned up the bathroom and redone some of it and when I was there last they were doing some updates to the second half of the place. The coffee is good, although they served it in a glass mason jar with a handle. Coffee does not belong in glass. Overall, a must see. Don't forget to bring cash, it's all they take.Oh, and check out their sandwiches... pretty good stuff.
4	The Beehive is one of my favorite coffee houses in Pittsburgh.  Such a relief to come here - so unique and quirky compared to Char-bucks.  Great place to get work done.  Today I got a small house coffee (dark roast) and one of the best chocolate chip cookies that I have had in a long time.  Current renovations are going on - this place is huge with big mulitple rooms.  Pinball machines and board games and interesting lamps are scattered throughout the place.  Great music also.  Thanks for the buzz, Beehive.
1	Beware customers of the Beehive. Things have changed for the worse. Up until a couple of weeks ago the Beehive was my favorite coffee shop. I have been a frequent customer for nearly 10 years. But, I think tonight is the last night I will be going. Things literally changed overnight from good to bad.About ten minutes after the four of us bought our drinks the music suddenly became obnoxiously loud and the lights were turned off. Not turned down, off. We asked for the light above our table to be turned back on, but we were firmly told no, that they were "setting a mood" to sell their shot specials.At least five other tables cleared out almost immediately. A few were replaced by girls buying cheap shots in dixie cups. It was rather pathetic to be surrounded by tarted up girls buying their own bottom shelf shots.I thought I'd never say this. But, next time I'm in the Southside I'm going to Starbucks. Even during the day the Beehive has lost my business. Its become just another cheap and trashy bar in the Southside serving cheap drinks in plastic cups
4	Relaxing place to enjoy conversation or sit alone with your cup of coffee. Friendly staff, cool vibe. Great tasting Coffee in a mason jar. If I make it back to Pittsburgh, I would definitely stop by.
3	Check to see if your computer picks up their wifi first. It is very frustrating to buy a beer and sit down and the wifi doesn't work. It wasted my time and a couple other people's time who had the same problem I did. When I asked him to reset the router, he replied with, "if the music is working, the internet is working." and handed me the password. I didn't need the password because it was saved in my computer from visiting this place. I think I will take it off of my list for a while. Open late was a huge attraction for me, but with wifi not working, that all goes to hell.
4	I forgot how amazing their house blend coffee is.  I have to admit it.  It's been awhile.  I stopped by on a whim while walking up and down East Carson Street.  It was late morning on a weekday.  I was immediately greeted by a friendly barista.  No mistake, she likes what she does.  I browsed the menu but ultimately decided to just go with the basic, small house blend with enough room for cream.  Being there made me remember the old Beehive over in Oakland where I saw great movies like The Clerks and great concerts like Nelly Furtado just as she was gaining popularity.  I have fond memories of the Beehives and maybe that small coffee just tasted like nostalgia to me.  I can see how some people might feel out of their element here lately.  I suppose I'm not intimidated because I spent many a night at the Beehive in high school enjoying everything from coffee to tea to milkshakes.  Sometimes I would even get a sweet treat.  As long as I now avoid the late night beer and obnoxious music scene and just go for coffee early in the morning or during the day, I will continue to go back.
2	Can you stop looking at me like I conquered your nation and burned its villages?
3	The inside of the cafe is neat, very artistic..and according to our hotel shuttle driver, the owner is the artist. It's look like they have some good baked items but we didn't have any..we both ordered iced lattes...we weren't impressed...wasn't very good but doable.
3	I've been to Beehive a few times, and I know I'll be back... but I also know that it's definitely not my favorite coffee shop in the Burgh. This place is so kitschy it's overwhelming, and the staff is not very inviting. Some guy who I think is the owner is almost always around and for some reason he just makes me uncomfortable. He kind of exudes the same "better-than-you" vibe that most of his employees also have. That being said, the coffee is great and the treats on the counter are delicious. I've tried a wrap from their little fridge and it was okay, nothing special. They play decent music and there are a good number of neat retro tables where you can sit and work as long as you want.... though it's hard to focus sometimes -- Beehive regulars are a rowdy bunch (coming from a 20 year old who likes to party).I wish I could give this place more stars, but I've tried so many other better local coffee shops in Pittsburgh that I'm not sure how often I'm going to visit the Beehive anymore. That being said, there's a Starbucks across the street, and if you're in the mood for coffee, you should definitely live a little and go to Beehive instead.
4	I love The Beehive! Being from DC, it's nice to be in a city that actually has coffeehouses that don't bear the Starbucks name. I'm from Pittsburgh, and was back recently to see what's changed and what's stayed the same. Well, some of the great things about The Beehive have changed (the extra rooms, the courtyard, the pit), but the coffee is still great and the atmosphere is still welcoming and, as cheesy as it sounds, freeing.I have to say, though, that we went on a Saturday night and if I still lived in Pgh, I wouldn't be going here on a Saturday night. The lights were turned off and replaced by a horrible club-like lighting effects in an effort to sell cheap shots to the droves of college kids. I feel so old just saying that (I'm 30), but my how the times have changed. When we arrived, around 9:30/10, we were the only customers. It wasn't until around 10:30/11 that the place picked up a bit and almost every table was occupied by bar-hoppers pre-gaming before moving on to the more popular bars and clubs. I totally understand that The Beehive needs to compete with the other businesses on E. Carson, but damn. Frankly, I'm just glad that this place still exists and that the coffee is still good and the youthful spirit is still present. But if you're just looking for a great coffeehouse where you can sit and read, do some work, or hang out with friends, I'd probably avoid it on a weekend night.
5	Aaah, this is my kind of coffee shop. A bit of a hole in the wall with lots of character and DELICIOUS coffee. This place is the anti-chain coffee shop, with old chairs and cool art (the welded sculpture hanging from the ceiling is bad ass). And the soup? Well their soup rocks. I've had a few different soups and they're what a soup should be...hearty, bursting with flavor, and oh-so delicious.I'm so glad I live around the block from this place.
1	I used to love going to the Beehive when I lived in Pittsburgh three years ago. I went recently and was given a coffee mug with sugar left over on the bottom and a sticky goop of god knows what inside of the mug. It was filthy. I then asked for a clean mug and was given a mason jar that was also filthy and the teas was served in a rusty tea pot.The woman behind the counter acted like it wasn't a big deal.  Are you kidding me? You're going to get people sick! Next time I will go to Starbucks, at least they will give you a clean mug.
4	Enjoy the "art house" feel and quirky aesthetic. People are interesting too. Love the name. Hate the metered street parking.
5	Loved this little hole in the wall coffeehouse.  Even though it was a weekend afternoon there were plenty of places to sit, unlike the coffee houses closer to the universities.  They have a couple of cute elevated seating areas in the window where it's great for people watching.  The coffee is good (not amazing, but good) and the staff were very friendly.  I like how they serve their coffee in unique mugs.  And it's decorated cute inside.  They had free wifi that worked consistently, so it was a good place to get some work done.
1	You're a coffeehouse.  You charge almost $2.50 for a cup of coffee.  It should not taste like Maxwell House that was brewed seven hours ago.  Period.
5	Okay, it's a little grungy, but that's how a coffee shop in a grungy neighborhood should be.  The employee that helped me was a bit hippydippy, which fit in perfectly with the atmosphere of the place.  It's about as genuine and unpretentious of a hole in the wall hipster coffeehouse as I've ever been to.  I mean, according to a conversation that I had, Beehive hosts a periodic dance party where customers bring in vinyl and they just kind of play whatever and have a good time.Perfect.
5	Coming from Boulder, CO... This place immediately felt like home. With added street toughs patrolling the alerts outside by the river. Awesome.In the later evening, the place converts from hip-artsy coffee shop into a veritable rave club/low key chill out place.  Sam is amazing behind the bar and whipped up imaginary drinks with ice cream, espresso and various and sundry spirits.  While working away on my laptop the vibe and energy of the place was amazing.This should be a required stop for anyone needing a place to chill out in the evening while travelling to Pittsburgh.  Trust me, you won't regret it.
5	I love the fact that you can get good coffee and strong drinks in the same place.  In fact, like to combine them!  The espresso martini is excellent, and the house whiskey Irish coffee is frequently on happy hour. They have free WiFi and eclectic music, but no television, don't come here to watch the game. My girlfriend asked if I was high from the caffeine, or from the alcohol.  Yes!!!  Ready for the rest of the night on the South Side!
3	I don't live in Pittsburgh, but I spend a few months a year here, and I've been looking for the right place to adopt as my "finish the dissertation" hangout. Tonight, I popped into the Beehive, and I thought I had found my place -- great prices, laid-back vibe, and really awesome spiked coffee drinks. So, I ordered my Irish coffee and settled in to get some work done. All was great until about 9:30 pm, when the music and noise from the attached bar officially reached the "obnoxious" level. Seriously, am I that old?!? I mean, it's a Thursday...and it's a COFFEE SHOP. It's totally cool to have a bar next door, but why must the door remain propped open? I even closed it at one point, and then they opened it back up again. It totally killed the vibe of the room I was in. If I wanted a "thirsty Thursday"-style dance party complete with horny and drunk college kids in heels they can't walk in, I would have gone next door. So, now I have to re-think my first impression. I would have given this place five stars if it weren't for that issue. Can someone who works there explain this, please??
3	The Beehive would be at home on any boardwalk in NJ, or in the bowels of the Chelsea District or Soho in Manhattan, the Short North in Columbus, Collage Town in Ithaca and Pittsburgh's  South Side. Good coffee, 60's flower child atmosphere, think post atomic war bomb shelter design. Vegan baked goods along with normal pastry, sandwiches and smoothies. A great place to duck into when you want to escape the southsiders on Carson. Props to the Beehive for staying in business with a Starbucks right across the street. That means they are doing something right.
4	I have lived in the Southside a year and just now discovered this place!! I've been missing out!!! The venue is pretty cool, but the best part - they serve alcoholic coffee beverages! This will probably not be my go-to coffeeshop when I'm trying to get work done (because I'll be too tempted by the alcoholic coffees), but I will be back at least weekly!
4	Good strong fresh coffee. Cool but still friendly staff. Unhurried vibe. Super cute decor. Love it here
4	We were just visiting Pittsburgh for the day (during a week long stay in the area) and after a long day of sightseeing I need/wanted some good espresso and a nosh. Being from Seattle, I'm really picky about my coffee so I checked Yelp to see where THE place was to go downtown. So glad we picked The Beehive!The coffee was great (I had a quad shot breve). The pastry selection was good, even late in the evening. The space is funky, fun, and definitely the kind of cafe I'd spend hours in if I lived nearby. The service was a little surly, but that probably had more to do with the hour of our visit and the fact that she may have assumed we were stupid tourists, at least until we ordered. If I'm ever back in PITT, I'll definitely go out of my way to hit this joint again. Super cool "swag" for purchase too (t-shirts, mugs, etc.).
4	I stopped into the Beehvive today for lunch. They always have a variety of soups, I knew, so I wanted to try one out.  I had an amazing Spanish bean soup with pulled beef.  It was SO good.They also had some tasty-looking sandwiches in the cooler.I was also happy to get a coconut water after a long yoga class!I used to study at the Beehive back in the day, and I love the hippie/hipster vibe there.  The cashier was really nice and fun today.  I'd recommend this place as a hangout,For food, or even just for coffee!  I think I spied some cute hipster guys in there, too...
4	I love a good eclectic cafe where the people and the walls are colourful!
4	I've been here a couple of times, although it's been awhile.  I don't recall what I ordered drink-wise (probably a hot chocolate), but it was good, albeit not amazing.  For munchies, I ordered the buckeyes, which are delicious peanut-butter filled balls of chocolate.  If you've never tried one before, this is a great place to do so!  Although I've never ordered it here, in keeping with most of the rest of E. Carson St., they serve beer, so if you're looking for a less rowdy place to have a beer, this place may be your jam.What's most notable about the Beehive is the decor.  Several bicycles, as well as a model airplane, dangle from the ceiling above the tables, and the walls are painted a myriad of interesting colors.  While the lighting is on the dim side, there are lamps at each table, and the wifi is reliable if you're looking to get some work done.  If you're just looking to chill out, this is a great spot to do so as well, and its location in the heart of the South Side makes it a prime locale for people watching.  The first time I was here, at around 9pm, I watched several police vehicles rush to a side street a block away, and although I couldn't figure out what was going on, I was intrigued.  The clientele tends to be a mix of hipsters and teenagers, with a few square stragglers (that would be me). Service has always been fine for me, though I've heard it can vary.
1	Hip decor, but don't know their espresso. I was in from out of town and I checked on Yelp for a local place to get a great espresso and relax a little bit. Beehive appeared to have the right atmosphere yet the reviews here were mixed on the barista skills. I'm not a espresso/coffee snob, but if I'm going to order a nice drink and relax I'll like a confident barista and a quality pull.Entered the hip local place on a Friday morning around 10:00 AM looking to get a great drink and relax. Walked up to the counter and requested a "Quad Shot Mocha Breve." The response from the Barista was, "Hugh" as if they just woke up. Then they said, "What's that?" I followed with the question, "Do you know what a Breve is?" Answer "No". My response, "What Barista doesn't know what a Breve is?." I then explained what a breve was.Then I asked "Do you know what a quad shot is?" Barista, "Um, hugh.... Is it four shots of espresso?" My answer, "yes!"Preparations of the quad breve began. As I watched the espresso being pulled I noticed the barista pressed the 4 oz button on the machine, I thought ok maybe they have a special 4 shot portafilter. But then I watched the pull end in a watery stream. Followed by the barista pressing the 2oz button on the machine a second time with the portafilter not changed. This pull was nearly straight water. I commented to the barista that the quad shot was actually two doubles and that the espresso that was just pulled was all watered down.At that point I decided my lofty dreams of a breve and relaxing in the hip local joint wasn't going to be the experience I was hoping for. I told the barista that I was going to pass, part ways, and go across the street to Starbucks where they knew how to make a quad breve. As I was leaving some local hipster looked up, called me an "a$$&ole" as I walked out. I can't remember the last time I was called that, maybe 20 years. Not sure if I was called that because of questions to the barista or because I said I was going to Starbucks.I walked across the street, ordered a quad mocha breve venti and was quickly served a quality drink with quality espresso pulls. This is where I promptly sat down to write this review.Some people complain about the large multi-national chains being cookie cutter and destroying local businesses. Sorry, I can't subscribe to that train of thought. I tried my best to support local business and was really hoping for a great experience. The failure here is in fact NOT the barista. The failure is the establishment for not properly training them and educating them on something that they might be passionate about. If you want a hip experience and maybe a cup of coffee or a beer, this might be the place for you. If you want a quality pull of espresso, please go some where else. Based on other reviews, clearly this place varies in experience and consistency. I encourage the ownership to get their training down pat and deliver a consistent quality experience.
5	We stayed in the hotel down the street and frequented this coffee shop just about every day for breakfast.
5	If you love coffee.  If you love alcohol.  If you love bohemian atmospheres. If you love chachkies. If you love Pittsburgh people.  If you love cool people.  If you love local places.  If you love anything that's worth anything, you'll love Beehive Coffee.
2	The Beehive was hands down my favorite coffee shop in college. That's certainly not the case anymore.Back in 2006-2008, there were three spacious rooms to sit in, eclectic furniture and art on sale, a great mix customers, with older locals alongside college kids, and reliable Internet access. It was a go-to place whenever a few friends and I needed to get school work done. We'd sprawl across a table with our laptops, sipping on coffee and picking up snacks.I can't see it being a really effective study place now.The quirky decor hasn't changed, but a lot else has. Two of the three rooms that were used for seating were closed off, so that a bar could take its place. (As if there weren't enough bars on East Carson Street.) The remaining room is very long and narrow, and feels crowded. The decor, which has always had 90's bohemian feel, just seems kind of dated. They've also gotten a liquor license, which I think brings in the wrong kind of crowd for a coffee shop.Of course, a place like this should really be rated on the coffee and food, but my two visits there this year were sub par.One of those times I got a veggie hummus sandwich that was pre-wrapped on display in the fridge, but it was squished and didn't taste very fresh. The other time I got an iced coffee, which I immediately regretted buying as soon as I took a sip. It was extremely watery and had a peculiar aftertaste. I wished I had just gotten a drink from Starbucks or Big Dog Coffee on Sarah Street instead.
3	This place is really cool. I don't remember what I bought here, but I remember how eclectic this place was. Coffee-shop by day, bar by night. What more could a college student ask for? ;]
