5	Best damm milkshake, and burger Iv ever had!
5	Awesome food and great service.  I've recommended ths place to everyone in town.  I've tried the tacos and several burgers, and all were declicious.  The sweet potato tots were so good, I got two orders.  Definitely a place to try.
4	Yum-O! I've already been twice and I'm hooked! The Burger Brulee was so-dang-good (you can't beat a burger with a fried egg on top!) and the Shrimp Club sandwich was super yummy. I like that they're not afraid to try flavor combinations and they are very modestly priced. My friends had the Country Fried Burger, the Sloppy Joe and the Burger Parm. I had a few bites of each and they were all flavorful and a delight to put in my mouth! I highly recommend the Burger Brulee for those who have not been yet, because it will BLOW YOUR MIND!
5	This place is AWESOME!!! Great, tasty, food that is delicious and priced very reasonably. Creative flavor combos along with the traditional stuff. Customer service is on point and I WILL be returning again and again. CHECK IT OUT!!! You have no idea what you're missing.
5	This place rocks!  If you are looking for a great burger this is the spot!  They have a great menu which have specialty and unique burgers or a build it yourself burger menu that is really good.  I work in the area and have already gone there twice in the same week.  This place is my new favorite!
4	Tasty. Unique. I drive by this location every day and noticed that PV Burger Company replaced 2 Hippies Beach House. I checked out the reviews and my husband and I decided to check it out.I swear we walked in to a So Cal surfer dive bar. Kitschy decor and ska music blasting. The owner was running the counter and offered us suggestions on the menu. The menu is so ineresting! A variety of burgers, including a country fried one, a parmigiana, and a brioche. All can come with a portabella mushroom or chicken breast instead of hamburger. A few different sandwiches, including a 'pulled veggie' that I'm dying to try. And a bunch of yummy sides.My husband ordered the brioche burger that includes a fried egg and bacon. I ordered cheese burger with portabella as a replacement. The burgers come with yummy thick cut homemade potato chips but we also ordered fries and sweet potato tots.Everything was delicious! I love the quality of ingredients, because I believe when it comes to a burger place quality is everything. The brioche buns were delicious, my portabella was juicy and tasty, and my husband was in beef, pork, egg heaven. The fries and tots were good too. The owner let us sample the french toast fries which was quite evil of him because now I want them ALL the time!The beverage situation was the only issue. They sell soda by the can. They also had fresh brewed iced tea which I enjoyed but I imagine the soda thing could be a bummer for soda drinkers. Would love to see them get a liquor license. If they sold beer (and played some Sunday NFL games) I might never leave!So glad we found a delicious and reasonably priced funky local joint. I forsee PV Burger Co really taking off!
5	I'm so happy I found this place.  Good quality ingredients.  I can't eat wheat and they didn't complain when I asked a lot of questions and ordered a burger without a bun.  I will be back again with my family.  This is a place to check out if gluten free.
5	PVB is great! In a central location ( near PV Hospital) the menu as something for everyone in the family. I had the Beach Burger whcih was cooked to perfection. The brioche roll was just toasted and still so soft. Meat was flavored perfectly and cooked like I like it. My friend had the Parmigiana burger which was loaded with homemade sauce and tons of cheese. If you want something different and an over the top experience go for the french toast fries!  I'm going to try the taco's next time or one of their salads. Great prices, satisfying portions and casual attire is great for anytime.
5	I got the sloppy joe on a bun and it had the perfect kick. One the best sloppy joes Ive ever had. Next time im going to try the burger. Nice little joint nestled near the paradise valley hospital. Great staff and very friendly
5	I am always on the lookout for a good, local, friendly place to eat with great food that is vegetarian-friendly, and I found it with Paradise Valley Burger Company. The food is fresh, high-quality, and delicious. They have items that are tasty with a bit of a twist, like their tater tots made from sweet potatoes. The veggie tacos were delicious, and my son devoured the breakfast sandwich. Their service is personal and attentive, and the owner himself came to check on our food and our experience. I love patronizing and supporting local businesses, so I'm happy to have this place in my neighborhood. I wish them continued success. I'll definitely be back!
5	3 for 3. Delicious every time! Brulee Burger is my FAV! It has a fried egg on it. Also has pickled onions, bacon, Havarti cheese and sugar cooked into the bun. I also have had the country fried burger which was really good too. They make their own spin on the country gravy sauce that has a very nice blend of herbs and spices. The next time I am going to try the Beach House burger that has a roasted green chili, smoked mozzarella and pico de Gallo. They also make their own bbq potato chips that have a bit of a kick to them. This is a really good burger joint. They have only been open a few months. Please go try them out so they can stay in business. It is a shame that really great places go under just because people do not know about them.
5	Delicious. I have now tried their beach house burger as well as the brulee burger. Opposite ends of the taste spectrum but both were exceptionally well made. The tots surprised me being made of sweet potatoes, but were well worth eating. The strawberry shake was a work of art. Counter service only, but friendly and helpfull. And all this for around the same price as a meal at the Burger King accross the parking lot.
4	The decor is a bit spare, but the food more than makes up for it!  If I had to choose between a place decorating on a budget, versus cooking on a budget, I'd do the same thing PVB did - give it some kitschy yet modern touches but focus on the food.First, the sweet potato tots are excellent!  Crispy outside, tender inside, and very tasty - if you like sweet potato fries definitely give these a try. (And if some maple syrup finds a way to your table - dip 'em!)  Homemade chips were great too.The basic paradise CHZ is a very balanced burger - the brioche bun is perfectly toasted and I love the unusual options of havarti or smoked mozz in addition to cheddar.  They do the fixings a little differently too - pickled onions and cucumber are a fresh idea, and a nice change.  My only complaint was I ordered without either sauce - jalapeno ranch, or the 1000 island that I was given.  I dealt with it instead of asking them to remake the burger, but mentioned it when they circled round to find out how it was. They apologized and without asking comp'd a basket of the french toast fries!Now, I don't know why the world has not discovered the mouthjoy created by these simple, delicious morsels before. Holy crap. Hot, dusted with powdered sugar, served with maple syrup. Holy moly, dear lord I want more of them now.  And now. {shudder} Already having withdrawal symptoms...Fountain soda! They do have a gun now, for those of you who would like a fountain Coke and not just the canned selection or brewed iced tea.So yes, we'll be back to try the specialty burgers, shrimp club and tacos - and the shakes.  And I'm looking forward to it.(Hmm. French toast fries, dipped in a marshmallow malt?  Yup.  Gonna try that FOR SURE.)
4	If I could, the rating would be 4 and 1/2 stars. The food and the service was great.A friend of ours told us about the Paradise Valley Burger Company. I honestly thought that 2 Hippies was still there (even though PVBC has been there since June or so). We went at 7pm on a Saturday and were the only ones there but from what I understand, they do a pretty brisk lunch business. When he hasn't eaten somewhere, my husband always asks the employees what he should order. The guy behind the counter said without a doubt -- the Brulee Burger. Being a boring burger gal, I got a plain cheeseburger. We also got the sweet potato tots, chips and he got a milkshake.The burgers were excellent. The buns were fluffy and so delicious! The brulee burger was so flavorful. and at $6.50, the prices were very reasonable. We both were very pleasantly surprised. Truthfully, from the location, we weren't expecting the level of food we got. You could take the same food and serve it in Old Town Scottsdale for twice the price! We are certainly going to go back and try more of their menu. I'm looking forward to the french toast fries and I think that the Country Fried burger is next for my husband.The only negative would be the physical space. It is sparse and a bit kitchey. I feel there is a disconnect between the space and the food.
5	Place is delecious!  I keep getting the Beach house and I really want to try something new.  Brett says the Taco's are his favorite thing on the menu.  It's just hard to try something new when the first thing you try is so dang good!  Milkshakes are insane..must try..Keep going back its well worth it every time!
5	This place is an all around winner in my book.  The food is fresh and delicious!  I've had the tacos, beach house burger and the pulled cabbage sandwich.  I'm a carnivore at heart but I think the cabbage is my new favorite!  They have different choices of bread that include 9 grain if you're trying to keep things on the healthy side.  I think I need to hit this place up weekly.
5	We went here tonight for the first time on a whim and we will definitively will be going back. So what sets this apart from other burger places besides the GREAT service? The pickled onions totally made the burger spectacular. And lets not forget about the sweet potato tater totes. Since the kids ate their burger and tacos in minutes, we agreed to allow them to have a milkshake which were awesome too. When we left, the kids asked when we can go back there again and we agreed we would come back soon even though it is a little of a drive for us!!
5	I am a regular user of Yelp but this is the first time I felt compelled to write a review.  PVBC has several characteristics that stand out from the crowd.The main attraction is the food.  This is a "burger joint" with a huge twist that keeps on twisting.  There are photos of the menu items on the walls and online  that help to describe the "creations" of Bret, the owner/chef.  They don't look like boring burgers and they don't taste like them either.  The Brulee burger is built with a fried egg on top of bacon, onion, burnt sugar and Havarti cheese.  The Beach House has a half a roasted green chili, smoked mozarella, and pico de gallo.  And there are a few other specialty burgers as well as the standard cheeseburger available.  Then there are tacos and taco salads available in several styles, the pulled pork sandwich with green chili and smoked mozzarella, which I have tried and highly recommend, and the "classic" but not so typical sloppy joe.  All these sandwiches are served on an awesome bun that is toasted to perfection and come with a choice of "special sauces" like sweet-n-spicy, 1000 Island or jalapeno ranch.  How about fried,carmelized or pickled onions? Avocado, jalapenos, green chili, bleau cheese....Here are some more twists:  the sweet potato tots, the homemade seasoned potato chips, the homemade natural cut fries, homemade coleslaw.  Everything is homemade.  Even more twists:  roasted corn on the cob and on my last visit on Saturday, there was on off-menu soup of the day that was an amazing homemade combination: sweet potato, jalapeno, bacon, and chicken.Now I can't wait to go again to try another menu item and see what  the soup of the day will be.  I end every visit there with a chocolate shake that I can honestly say is the best that I have ever had anytime anywhere.  My niece's chocolate peanut butter shake was great too! They make various flavors and offer malts as well as shakes.  So the food is the main outstanding characteristic and the low prices are the next surprising feature.  It is highly unusual to have so much fun and food for such a small price.  Next, did you notice that I spoke of Bret, the owner and chef, by name at the beginning of the review?  That is because in this quaint  "joint", he comes out to see how the eaters are enjoying the eats and is more than willing to chat about the food or anything else...a very cool young but experienced chef with a seemingly sole desire to please.  There is even a piece de resistance (French pronunciation intended). You must try the French toast sticks served hot with powdered sugar and maple syrup.  Bret brought out a sample on one of my first visits. They are the epitome of orgasmic food.  What a treat and a great desert to share !!I write this review because I thoroughly enjoy and look forward to every  visit (and so does my wife and the friends that I have told) but also because I sincerely want the PVBC to become known and be successful enough to stay in the neighborhood.  Please try it for yourself and write about your experience.  There are more menu items to try and I hope I can get a chance to try them all, not to mention the new ideas that Bret is always testing.  He even caters his stuff.
3	I came across this place under Yelp's "Hot New Businesses" and was in the 'hood so thought I'd give it a try.  I came mid afternoon to avoid the lunch rush and ordered the beach house burger with sweet potato tots.  The tots were great as I'm a fan of all things sweet potato,  The chips were ok, maybe just overshadowed by the glory of the tots.  I'd like an option to sub the tots for the chips at  reduced price, as my order (with a water) came to over $10.  The burger was good, the toasted bun maybe could have been a little less....toasted.... as that flavor sort of overpowered everything else.  It was good overall, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back unless I had some other reason to be in the area.
4	My wife and I ate there for the first time.  Glad we stopped!  After only being open for 6 months these guys have it going.  We can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu.  Brulee Burger and the Beach House Burgers were both a hit.......and the fries!  10 different ingredients to shake on the fries!  Are you kidding?
5	I live just a few minutes away, and this place had been recommended by Jim from Market Bistro.  Finally got a chance to get in tonight and try it and I will definitely be back!  Best burger I have had in years!  I had the Beach Burger and added Avocado and Bacon,.  My son had the Brulee Burger and we shared some fries.  The burgers were cooked perfectly and the seasoning on the fries was spot-on.  What I really appreciated was the bun.  As you all know, there is nothing worse than a great burger that gets lost in a huge dry bun.  You won't have that problem here with the brioche burger buns.  If you are looking for a great burger, or if you want to support our local small businesses, stop by Paradise Valley Burger Company.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I really liked this place.  My wife and I tried it based on the other positive reviews on Yelp, and we were not disappointed.  I had the paradise bacon CHZ burger with cheddar cheese and jalapeno ranch dressing.  The burger came with lettuce, tomato, some variety of onion that was unusual and cucumber too.  The bun was thin, light and toasted - I found it to be a much better bun than your typical dense, soggy burger bun.  The burger consisted of two very thin patties and had a nice grilled taste.  I've eaten a lot of burgers in the valley, and this was a very tasty burger.  My wife got the paradise CHZ burger and subbed in a portobello mushroom for the burger.  She said this is her favorite burger place in the valley and she wants to go back.  I take that as a serious endorsement from someone who generally does not like burgers.  We also each ordered the sweet potato tater tots and those were good too.  For drinks, we both opted for glasses of water, and they offered water with cucumber which was very satisfying, and much better than the typical nasty tap water you find most places.The staff was super friendly and it was quiet inside so we could carry on a conversation easily.  Our total tab was just under $20.We will definitely go back and I'm going to try one of their milkshakes next time.  Unpretentious, great food, great value for money, relaxing environment and friendly staff.  Check it out!
4	We had a bacon burger, plain burger, cheeseburger and a Beach House burger, french fries and sweet potato tater tots.  Three of the burgers were good, with the fourth a bit overcooked and the bun burned.  French fries were just OK and the tator tots were a bit mushy.  Unique menu with several vegetarian options including taco salads.  Service was good and very friendly.  Go!
5	"Oh.My.God" -says I"what?!" -replies friend"What in God's name is a Brulee burger!?!"I quickly grabbed a paper menu off of the clean counter near the cash register and flipped open to the burgers.  I know what brulee means, burnt sugar, but how could this relate to a burger.  In my wildest sugary dreams I could have never dreamt of this.  A burger, delicious and meaty, on a very nice toasty bun, with Havarti cheese, Havarti people(!), bacon, porky crispy salty bacon, a fried egg, runny and delicious, and yes, BURNT SUGAR!"Two please...wait, no no, one, two would be silly.....(but if my friend wasn't here to witness this I would probably get 7)  and sweet potato tots please"What saint, what angel, what GOD could create this masterpiece?  What twisted sugary mind could come up with this concoction?  If ever I meet the mad scientist who put together this beautiful monster I am liable to leave my husband and marry them.  And their shakes looked really good too, I'll get one next time.
5	My boyfriend and I tried this place a couple months back and I am now just getting around to reviewing it.  We tried the Brulee burgers which were FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC.  The two guys working the place were super busy but super nice.  I'm looking forward to dining there again.
5	The service here was wonderful, really friendly and personable. And the food was OUTSTANDING! That Brulee burger was perfection, paired with some fries and a marshmallow shake. I wanted to stay in town another day, just to come back here to eat!
3	Wasn't what I thought it would be?  I ordered the Beach House but subbed in chicken instead of the burger. Maybe this was the problem? The chicken was not a breast, but instead it was diced and made the sandwich tremendously difficult to eat. My bun completely fell apart and I had to eat it with a fork! A fork! This just made it taste wrong. I tried my husband's paradise bacon chz and it was okay, but the burger patties were a bit greasy. The fries were really good, they had some sort of chili spice on them. The sweet potato tots were also good, but I'm not sure if they are homemade or store bought. Pretty sure they are store bought :(
4	(The continuing story of a yelp-loving couple seeking great locally owned joints, friendly service and a comfortable atmosphere for playing Magic the Gathering...)DH and I hit PVBC today for lunch.  I got the Fresno Tacos, he went with the Brulee Burger.  Very fair pricing.  I though the tacos were pretty good - I will say it was my first experience with "street-style" tacos.  Three little guys with nice toppings and good flavors.  Hubby's burger dripped yellow egg with his first bite (I internally screamed "EWWW!!!").  He thought it was great, especially as his first experience with a fried egg on a burger.  The guy running the register/bringing out the food was friendly and the shop was neat with nice little tables and a very clean/girly bathroom.  This one is on the list!  MTG Score: DH 2 / Me 1
5	Great find!The menu is as creative as it is delicious. When delivered the food lives up to the photos. I had the PV Burger. The sauce was tasty, the havarti cheese a nice touch, ground beef yum, and the sweet onions topped it off. So, basically all quality ingredients. And the seasoned fries were a nice compliment to the burger.I look forward to when they get their liquor license so I can have a brewskie with my burger.And Brent, the owner is a super cool guy. Wishing him much success.
5	this place is bangin' like a crip or blood!! a new fav. in my book!
5	Great  food. Small space inside with about 10 tables. Basic burger menu. They do everything well. The homemade potato chips, fries and sweet potato fries were great too not just the burgers. I hope they stick around!
5	I've been here about 5 or 6 times and have enjoyed every visit. The Burger Brulee is still my favorite next to the portabella mushroom burger they sometimes offer (Where the mushrooms substitute for the buns.)Messy but fun.The marshmallow shake is one of the best shakes I've had anywhere, let alone AZ.I've really glad this place has been building a name for itself and I'm a fan. I hope to visit again soon.My only wish is that the owner would update their website or Facebook page more often to reflect the weekly specials.
5	Scrum-diddily-umptious!  Anything that you get here will be awesome :)  The pickled onions are amazing and the taco salads hit the spot.  I also recommend the french fries (the seasoning has sugar in it!!) and of course the sweet potato tots!!
5	There's nothing that can be said in this review that hasn't been said a million times on this Yelp page already. Everything is fantastically delicious (better than In-N-Out, even) in the "this is good food" way, NOT in the "I will pretentiously like this because it is different and seemingly fancy/low-class, even though it's actually not very good" way.  The guy at the counter when I've been has been friendly, helpful, and polite.  The place is clean. The prices are beyond reasonable.Look, if you see a place with an overwhelming quantity of five-star reviews, you're going to either (A) jump in headfirst, or (B) be super-suspicious. But when the worst review is that only SOME of the food was really good (which is what I saw in the three low-star reviews on here, and I'm counting three stars as low to bring that count up from the one person who, for some reason that I can't comprehend, gave this place a two), it's worth a try.And when you walk in and stand gawking at the menu and three patrons who are happily wolfing down their meals tell you, unsolicited, to try the brulee burger, the sweet potato tots, or anything else on the menu, listen to them.  You'll be glad you did.
5	This place is great!! Fresh ingredients, awesome recipes, welcoming atmosphere, living in Tempe it's well worth the drive. Every time I go there I always leave happy ! And don't forget to try their milk shakes and French toast fries!!! Keep it up PvBC! Open a store in Tempe!
3	Frys waaaay over seasoned with not so good seasoning salt, otherwise would probably be delicious.  I really wanted to like them, but meh... Didn't realize I needed to request plain but that's what I'll do next time.Hold the Hershey's chocolate syrup in the shake.  Yuk. Burger was ok...not convinced they're making patties fresh, tasted frozen.  Bun was great, toppings yummy.  Better than fast food as my husband said, but by no means 5 star.  Overall with a little effort into improving the ambiance and some little tweaks to the food it could be really good.  Just wasn't ths time.
5	Had the Beach House burgers with fries - great food.  The burger was juicy and the combination of flavors was great.  Prices are fair.It's nice to see local restaurants like this one in the neighborhood!The Abrahams
5	Everything we ordered was great, and very reasonably priced. Thanks! Next time I'm getting my own shake.
5	What a great spot to support a private, non chain, restaurant.  Great food and half the price of the trendy burger places elsewhere in town.  Can't say enough good things about the food and service.  It is a casual setting, like something you would expect to find in a beach town.   Even though it is basically burgers and tacos, some thought is put into it.  A Brulee Burger!!!  French Toast fries!  Love this place.   Please support these guys!
5	My husband and I made one of our frequent trips to PVPC tonight and to our delight it was their 1 year anniversary. Yay! A phenomenal local business made it a year and I know it is because of their scrumptious food, super friendly service, and good value.It's been almost a year since we first visited PVBC and we did expand our horizons a bit. It is so hard to order something new because what you had before was so delicious, you want to order it again! But now I am a fan of their breakfast club, which is a protein packed vegetarian delight. Fluffy eggs, cheese, freshly sliced and fried potato chips, avocado, and mayo all on the recommended whole grain bread. Don't be fooled by the word "breakfast" in this item because this makes the perfect dinner. I have also tried different varieties of their portabella burger. Their gravy is vegetarian and freshly made by the owner... a wonderful addition to a bella burger! They have other great veggie options available... just haven't gotten around to ordering them yet.Fries are still amazing, french toast fries are decadent.My carnivore husband obsesses over their weekly burger specials, which they advertise on Facebook. One time we had a burger (me with a bella replacement) with roasted broccoli, carmelized onions, horseradish sauce, and sharp cheddar. Good Lord. Tonight my husband had a burger with apples, cheddar, bacon, and pecan aoli. Really? Their creativity and quality is worth a visit from Guy Fieri. The owner is wonderful. He is so nice and dedicated to his business that my husband can't hate him even though he is a fan of NY sports. ;)Next time you want a good burger... or sandwich, taco, salad, etc... don't go to the drive thru, Red Robin, or even the trendy $15 hamburger place. Try PVBC.
5	We stopped in for a burger and we were blown away by the food, friendly staff, and atmosphere! Their menu is full of amazing choices, so I had a hard time choosing what to order. Both my boyfriend and I got a burger and some sweet potato tots which were amazing! We will definately be going back and I am so glad this is in our neighborhood.
3	I was happily surprised when I saw the Paradise Valley Burger Company's listing on Yelp.  Since our recent return to the Valley, I've been hunting for restaurants that have opened in the year we've been away.  A new(ish) burger place, just a mile from my house? With good reviews? It didn't take me long to find an excuse to have lunch there. I was a little confused about the setup - order at the counter? Table? Counter it is.  I ordered the Brulee Burger.  Great choice!  The burger was super tasty, the bun was perfect, and the burnt sugar was an unexpected delight.  The only issue? The fried egg was cooked so little that the entire yolk just poured out and onto my plate. Icky mess!  Next time, I'll be sure to specify the have it fully cooked.  Other burgers at our table received good reviews, with the exception of the fried onion topping.  It was over-fried, to the point of tasting burned (and not in a good bruleed way).  I was disappointed that their french fry seasoning contains gluten, and the portion was pretty small.  This is not a side to share with a friend.  They also seemed like they had been cooked from frozen, and not fresh.  Favorite part of the meal? Milkshakes.  I had some questions about the milkshake ingredients, and was a bit skeptical when they told me their recipe... but dang.  That was a reeeeaaallly good strawberry milkshake.  The marshmallow milkshake was also delish, with lots of frozen bits of marshmallow fluff floating through it.  Mmmm!There were some great things about PVBC - and some things that they can definitely improve on.  Their creativity with the menu is great. All-in-all, they have seriously potential, and I know that I will go back many times if they continue to improve.
5	I love a really good grilled burger and PV Burger Co. did not disappoint! I am in love with this place and will continue to go back for my "fix"! I wasn't a huge fan of what they put on the burgers, (Thousand Island dressing, pickled onions, just to name a few) but I was able to have them add/take off whatever I wanted. Another plus, they have harvarti cheese, cheddar and smoked swiss (nice options for cheese). The french fries were real good too. And everything is nice and hot, fresh off the grill. I recommend this place to everbody and can't wait to take my mother. She too has been looking for a good burger joint. For the PV Chz burger I ordered (that came with fries) and the diet coke it came up to about $8. Worth every penny!  Now, if only they would deliver!!
2	I was seeing a movie across the street and decided to try out the Paradise Valley Burger Company.  It is located in a strip mall across the street (southeast side) from the hospital.  The restaurant is small and has a homey atmosphere.  I went around lunch time and it was full.  I ordered my son the kid's meal that comes with chicken fingers and fries.  Unfortunately the chicken fingers were burnt and I had to send them back for edible ones.  The replacement ones were overcooked, dry and had little taste.  The fries were standard.My wife ordered the Caesar salad that consisted of a mayonnaise based dressing that tasted horrible.  Finally, I had soft shell tacos that were good, not great.  The prices are reasonable, but I have yet to find a reason to return.
4	PLEASE go and try them!!  First of all the place is local which I love.  Then the burgers are delicious!  And let me tell you the buns are fab.  Get the house made chips instead of the fries (better to me).    I esp love the smoked mozzarella with bacon and jalapeno and ranch sauce...get it with everything (picked onions, cucumber, etc)  YUMMY!
5	Every time i go there they have something new and every time I am blown away how amazing their burgers are. Prices are great as well as very friendly customer service, if you haven't gone yet go now!
5	Everything I've tried has been very good and I highly recommend this place.
3	I had higher expectations for this place based on the reviews.  My son had a burger that was huge and he enjoyed it.  He was excited most about the marinated onions on it.  He usually hates onions and really enjoyed them that way.  I didn't think the chips were that great.  My girls got the kids meal chicken strips.  They came out looking hand made but burned.  The employee was kind enough to get us a second order but the kids still didn't like them.  I had the egg sandwich and thought it was just okay.  They forgot to put any cheese on it.  I missed that but it still didn't excite me.  They did have yoo hoo and the girls were happy about that.OH and I saw a maple bacon milkshake on the menu.  LOL!  Ick!
4	I'm gonna start by saying: I don't have one thing negative to say.    Love the comfortable & casual feel of it.  The menu has a variety of regular burgers and specialty burgers.  Tacos and some other tasty sounding items.   I love the homemade bbq chips.
3	It's all about the sizzle, not the steak, at PVBC.The burger itself is small and not very flavorful, if you get just a burger and apply pedestrian toppings. There was a bun - not much to say about it.They're doing a neat thing with the fancy toppings, but when you consider overall value of what you get for your money, combine that with the hype, consider what you can get elsewhere, it's just not worth what you pay.For the more mathey, that equation looks like this: $V = ( q+h )  { c   *or: dollar value of quality plus hype is less than competition* no 'less than' symbol for yelp text fields, how lame
5	Oh burger brulee. There are tons of burger places in Phoenix. This one, this one, I think it absolutely worth every cent and every bite!
5	I don't usually review, but stopped in here based on other reviews and was glad I did. Tried the beach house burger and it was awesome. Burgers were perfect and not dripping grease all over. Buns looked homemade and were toasted. Definitely would come back again!
4	I give this guy credit.  It takes guts to open a burger joint in a town with a bajillion other ones.  They all try to stand out from one another which is the one thing that makes them all similar to me.  Applying some type of schtick to over-priced meat is not all it takes to win my patronage.  Anyway....My wife and I went here for dinner on Friday night.  It was about 7pm and the place was pretty dead which was nice.  It was us, a few workers and 2-3 other diners.  I didn't think so by looking at the place, but it really is a neighborhood joint.  Everybody seemed to know each other and there was friendly banter between some of the diners and owner/workers.  I got a real nice friendly neighborhood vibe from the place.The food....* Ceasar salad - Very good - a bit too much dressing but that's the way I like it* Burger Brulee - Interesting and pretty good - I give them credit for trying something different, but it really wasn't my thing.  The burnt sugar on the bun gave it a crunchy texture but having a sweetness to a burger is weird to me.* Beach house burger - This was a good burger.  I originally wanted to order this but my wife said she was getting it so I had to order a different one.  From the bite that she gave me I could tell that it was very good.  All the ingredients seemed to work together on this one.* Sweet potato tots - These were excellent.  The only thing that would have made them better is some type of aioli.* Seasoned fries - Very good - They were perfectly cooked and seasoned.The people here are what really stand out in my mind about this place.  The owner and all the other workers were very friendly and passionate about their restaurant.  I can't wait to return to try about 17 other things on their menu that look good.
5	Just happen to stop by this place and very surprised by the good quality of food.  My burger had a perfectly toasted bun and the quality of meat was excellent. I also order ed some of their homemade potato chips and they were excellent as well. The owner is a former chief at some very high end restaurants in Scottsdale and it shows  I will be back
5	This is the best burger in town.  Always something new to try.  They also have great tacos and be sure to try the french toast frys.
2	I've been here a handful of times and I am truly amazed at all of the over the top positive reviews. But let's get past the hype and into the details. I have had the pulled pork and it was just Meh for me, I had the sloppy joe and it was awful. I told the owner it was awful and he was a stand-up guy and gracious enough to replace it with the pulled pork.  Thinking recently that I was missing the boat, I ordered a Cheeseburger with fries and a soda for $9.24. There are no refills on sodas. This is probably designed to keep the nearby high school kids from loitering all afternoon after school. The burger tasted like it was cooked in the morning and reheated. It had a char taste to it but quite frankly I have had better burgers at Burger King. The fries were way over seasoned and did not taste good and were thrown away.So I feel like I can go to Whataburger down the street and get a much better tasting burger, fries and free refills for a lesser price.
5	Stopped in for the first time at PV Burger Company tonight.  It was quiet, only one table when I got there around 6:20pm.  Ordered a bacon havarti burger with fries and a coke; it came out to just over 9 bucks.  The burger came with lettuce, tomato, cucumber (???), pickled red onions, and thousand island.  It was DELICIOUS.  Beautifully toasted bun, great char on the meat.  The pickled onions were a nice touch.  The fries were skinny and crispy and had seasoned salt, which brings me back to being a kid and getting fries at the food court in the mall (good memories).  I got a refill on my coke before I left, so I don't know what another reviewer was talking about when they said there are no refills on sodas.  I asked and it was no problem.My only gripe is that after I had ordered and sat down to wait for my food, a couple of guys came in and the guy at the counter immediately handed them paper menus (with actual descriptions of the menu items I'm sure, unlike the chalkboard on the wall), which I would have liked.  I probably would have gotten an add-on for my burger if he had given me a paper menu when I was at the counter.  Oh well, now I know for next time, because there will definitely be a next time in the near future :)
5	Just ate at PV Burger Co for the first time and loved it. Eclectic burgers perfectly cooked and the sweet potato tater tots were delicious.  Our new burger spot.
5	Stopped by here for lunch today... I saw the Burger sign outside and thought I would try it out. WOW!! This place is amazing. The owner/chef was taking the orders and was super helpful and friendly. I had a Paradise CHZ which came with 2 patties, smoked mozzarella lettuce, tomato, caramelized onion as well as cucumber. I also ordered  Sweet Potato Tater Tots I was blown away! BEST BURGERS IN PHOENIX!  Our bill came to $18 for 2 cheese burgers, 2 sides and a soda. It was so amazing I went back for dinner. I bragged to much when I got home that my boyfriend just had to try it. I had the special which was a Roasted Duck Burger (2 beef patties, topped with roasted duck, caramelized onions, bacon, fried egg over easy served with duck au jus) By far the best burger of my life. My boyfriend got the Beach House (2 beef patties. roasted green chili, smoked mozzarella, pico de gallo and jalapeno ranch) He also ordered the seasoned fries. I don't care for fires and I think I could eat 3 orders they were so good. His was so good he ordered another burger. For Desert we shared a Maple Pecan Bacon Milkshake, also to die for. I really think I need one of these every night.From the atmosphere, the music, the staff to the food every thing about PV Burgers was a hit.This is a must go!
5	Awesome.  The chef actually uses his imagination to make amazing weekly specials.
4	My husband and I tried PVBC on impulse looking for a good/different burger place. I loved everything about this place! The atmosphere was chill, the burger brulee was amazing! My only complaint is the sugar on the fries, they were still good but the sweetness was a tad off putting. We will definetly return!
2	I was unimpressed. Very surprised this place got such high reviews. It's definitely a hole in the wall. I had the beach house burger. Very greasy. The patty reminded me of a Wendy's burger. The fries were horrible they had bbq seasoning on them. Not my thing. I don't think I'll return I was looking for a nice juicy burger and this was more of a fancy fast food burger.
4	I thought I reviewed this places eons ago and just realized I hadn't, so here goes.  This review is much deserved and long overdue.  I've been here about 10 times in the past year or so.  The owners are both there all the time and very cool.  They care about their customers and putting out a great tasting burger.  I always opt for the Paradise Bacon burger and it's never been anything but great.  The fries are also very good.
4	My husband and I enjoy going to PV Burger.  He always gets the bacon cheeseburger.  I've gotten the cheeseburger with caramelized onions and the tacos. We've yet to have a bad meal there.  The owners are great guys and we love the char taste of the burgers with all the fixings.The seasoned fries are yummy, but we ask for them with less seasoning and they're still delicious.Don't know what the others were talking about no refills. We've always received refills when we are there.  IMHO, this place beats fast food burgers any day.
4	I have been here 3 or 4 times and every time have had a good experience. People taking the orders have always been friendly and helpful and food comes quickly and as ordered. Will keep visiting here.
5	Extremely amazing. I can give this place a definite 5-stars. Their burgers are mouth watering tasty and you will crave it soon after you have your first meal. We found this place from Yelp reviews and I am glad I did. I ate here because I was starving so of course it was good but then I went back the next day when I was just hungry and the quality had not changed. Great, laid back staff who converse with you and make sure you are happy. Please, if you are in the area, check it out because this is by far one of the best burgers I have ever experienced.
4	Awesome and right around the corner! Beach burger is so good! And they have sweet potatoe tater tots! Also they always have amazing looking specials they post on face book. Have yet to try..but they always make me salivate! Craving a good cheap quick burger its your place! Not coporate chain = good food & good service!  Definitely recommend!
4	My girlfriend and I went to this place for lunch. The burgers are legit and the service is friendly and prompt. but the fries..are AWESOME! We've been back a few times since and I would recommend it to anyone.
4	Solid burgers. Creative combinations. Friendly staff, casual environment.According to my dining companions, the tacos were also very good!
4	Family Owned and Operated hole in the wall restaurant that makes Tasty Burgers, Sandwiches, Tacos, and Taco Salads. Inside is clean and tidy with cool pictures of some of his specialties on the wall. Service is Friendly and Fast. They were in Phoenix Magazine back in July 2012 for Cheap Eats for $12 or less.Specialty Burgers include: Country fried burger smothered in gravy topped with crispy onions. The Beach House burger with roasted green chili, smoked mozzarella and pico de gallo. The Burger Brulee with a fried egg, bacon, onion, burnt sugar and havarti cheese. The Burger Parmesana with marinara, mozzarella, parmesan and basil. They also have your basic versions as well as a Grilled Portabella. You can substitute chicken breast on any burger if you like.Sandwiches include: Grilled cheese, Breakfast club, B.L.T, Sloppy joe, Pulled Pork, Chicken club, Pulled vegetarian, and a Shrimp club on a choice of white, 9 grain, or a brioche bun.Today I went with the Paradise Bacon CHZ with an extra patty and a side of seasoned fries. It was very good. The wife had the Chicken Club on 9 grain with a side of sweet potato tater tots which I got to help finish.Definitely going back to try some of the other menu choices like the tacos, some carnival corn grilled on the cob and maybe some DEEP FRIED Ice Cream with honey, strawberry and whipped cream.Keep it Local when you can. ENJOY!
5	Love it here! Everything is fresh. The employees are wonderful! The burgers are amazing, so are the tacos. For  a really good milkshake come here!! Perfect for a hot summers day. Only negative- I wish they were open on Sunday!
2	Really really surprised at the reviews here. I got the pulled pork sandwich, which was pretty terrible. It came out on a regular piece of toasted bread, meh. It also came with coleslaw on it, which some people may like, but it just was not good at all. Also, no soft drinks here, can of coke only! What?? How does a business like this survive in america? My girlfriend and I were both quite disappointed with both our meals, and certainly will not be returning.
5	I freakin' love this place! I've tried just about everything: Most of the burgers, several of the specials, the pulled pork, and tacos. Everything is awesome! Whoever the house chef is deserves to be recognized for his unique and delicious combinations. Just go here.
5	Great burgers.
5	HOLY BURGER BATMAN. I had a friend suggest that I needed to go here to try they're creme brulee burger. Now,  being a California native, I know a good juicy burg , so I am used to people telling me how "awesome" a burger is (smashburger, cough cough) and putting that charred beef on the foodie pedestal only to get knocked off and sorely dissapointed....this however is a different story. This burger is legend....***wait for it****....DARRRRRYYYY.  the bun , a brioche buttery soft bun, caramelized with dusted sugar , topped with a juicy, mouthwatering hamburger patty, topped with a fried egg, shredded lettuce, thick crispy bacon, tart pickled onion and finally smothered with havarti cheese. I was a bit iffy about the egg afraid it might ruin it...but out of respect for the creators concept I tried it in its original form ...and oh am I happy I did. Don't touch the idea of Changing it...don't add ketchup don't add mayo just stuff that delicious burger in your pie hole where it belongs and enjoy!!! Side note: this is a mom & pop or realistically two bros kinda place and I love that they are successful in this economy . Try it for yourself & Spread the word . BUY LOCAL!
5	Best burgers that I've had in Phoenix. Absolutely amazing. You are cheating yourself if you live in North Phoenix and haven't been here at least 10 times yet. The Beach House and the Burger Brulee are the classics here, but make sure to ask about the weekly special. Sometimes they have some real gems that aren't on the menu. The milkshakes are also particularly good, my personal favorite being the Lucky Charms milkshake.
4	The wife and i were trying to decide where and what to eat for lunch when we decided on this burger place.  We were very happy at we tried it.  I had the  country steak sandwich with sweet potato tots.  The wife had bacon cheese burger with fries.  We event treated ourselves to shakes.  I had peanut butter and she had the Lucky Charms shake. Absolutely worth trying! If you want a choice of unique burgers and delicious shakes-try this place!
5	I had the Beach Burger today and my husband had the Parmaseanna Burger. Best burgers we've ever had for $7.00. They were seriously yummy! We also tried the french toast fries... more like a dessert than like fries. Still really interesting and tasty, but I'd only recommend them for someone who has a serious sweet tooth.
3	Great service, great food
5	I love PVBC.... Best burger in-town is easily the Brulee.I was so hesitant when it came to ordering this. It sounds odd and scary, but it is mouth-gasmic.They layer the burger so beautifully and hats off to making not only a mouth watering burger, but an appealing mouth watering burger.The brulee activated all my tastebuds (except the sour and bitter). I had the sweet, the salty/savory, a smokey flavor from bacon, a delicious fried egg bursting all over the burger patty, Sweet onions...and wait..yes the SWEET SWEET and CRUNCHY brulee'd bun...So i thought that was soo delicious then i spotted it...spiracha sauce...yes...I then decided to add this flavor to my burger...so imagine all that i mentioned before then a kick of hot spiciness. Low and behold i thought i knew what a mouth-gasm was before this time, but i truly mouth-gasm'ed from this burger. My favorite burger place in town..YES it is true. PVBC has become that for me.I've tried their other burgers since that fateful day, they are equally delicious, but not the mouth-gasmic powers of the brulee. I even tried the brulee with chicken breast...it was delicious and totally a different beast with that...but nothing compares to the orginal brulee burger...sing with me:"it feels like the first time!!! it feels like the very first time"
5	This place changes the notion of a "burger joint". I've been to PVBC many times. I try to make it there at least once a week. Their burgers, sweet potato tots, and chicken club on 9 grain keep bringing me back. The food is well presented, well put together, and the flavor combinations are incredible. Yesterday, however, I decided I was going to try something new and went for the weekly facebook special, the Texas BBQ Burger. Double chargrilled patties marinated in homemade BBQ sauce, roasted poblano, creamy slaw, smoked bacon, and freshly shaven smoked mozzarella. As I took the first bite, it happened: all other experiences I've had with burgers in my life faded to the distant background, and PVBC cemented itself as my definition of the PERFECT burger, flawless in taste, presentation, and overall execution. And from now on, all burgers I will have anywhere else will only be cheap imitations of the products of divine work being done in this modest, unassuming kitchen. Part of me is just thinking of never eating another burger outside of PVBC.OH YEAH. IT'S THAT F-ING GOOD. Do yourself a favor. Stop in. Order the brulee, the pulled pork, or my go-to, the chicken club. It wil change you, and then you'll have an idea of what I'm talking about.
5	burger brulee was awesome again. service was also very good.
5	The wife and I went and loved it.  One of the best burgers in Phoenix.  We went around 1:30 and wasn't very crowded, which was great.  It's a small place and I'm sure it gets packed during lunch and dinner hours.Next time we will try the sweet potato tots. Milkshakes are great too!Thanks for making an awesome burger at a reasonable price!
5	Great burger! Very fresh tasting , lots of options for toppings, I will definitely go back when I'm craving a juicy, delicious burger.  The sweet potato tots and the vanilla malt were the icing on the cake!
5	PVBC really surprised me!  The menu is easy, I like easy.  The burger came out fast, way faster than I expected.  I got the bacon cheddar and it was really delicious.  They add a slice of cucumber and pickled onions, it was such a great treat.  The bread was glazed with butter.  COME ON... THAT BURGER WAS LEGIT.  SO GOOD.I ordered the tater tots, they only have sweet potato ones and I wasn't feeling the, but my friend ordered fries and she shared.  Nice portion size and the price point is spot on. Drinks are cans or bottles, I prefer a soda machine or fresh iced tea (I think they had fresh iced tea, I must have missed it).My only gripe is that there isn't a can recycle bin. If that's my only gripe, I call it a good deal. I can bring my can home with me if it bothers me.  I'm going back, that is FOR SURE.
5	Service is fast and friendly.  I like the pickled onions(?) that come on top of the burger.  Very tasty.  I LOVE the sweet potato tots too!
5	I love this place. It's small, cute, and has good food. I just moved to Paradise Valley and was looking for cheap eats that are yummy. This is the place. I had the Paradise Burger with Cheese and Jalapeno Ranch... so good... and the Carnival Corn. I recommend. I loved it. Will be going back.
5	Edit: Changed from four to five stars because I must've been smoking crack the day I only gave them four stars.Their burgers and fries are delicious and reasonably priced. I would recommend trying the brulee burger. This one was definitely the winner in my book (how can it not be, it combines 2 of my favorite meals: burgers and breakfast). The people that run  the place are very passionate and nice. The only thing they could improve on is their to-go fries are a lot smaller than the portions you receive eating in the restaurant since they use these tiny paper bags. And their fries are so good that I want the same amount I get eating at the place, dammit!
5	Wow!  This place is a bit of dive but in a good way!  We are so excited to have such excellent burgers right down the street.  I had a bacon cheeseburger with fried onions (so yummy).  From here on out we'll stick to more vegan choices like portobello burgers and tacos.  BTW - The place was packed but the food came out hot and fast.  Soooooo goooooood!
2	The food was good but i didn't like that the tables were all squished together and there were too many people.
3	We loved the food, just wish the place was a little cleaner. There was garbage all over the floor and lots of food on the tables. The walls near the tables were gross as well. I wanted to blame it on the place being too busy but there were only 3 tables and the people working seemed bored. The ketchups were empty and greasy. The food is delish but kinda makes it hard to enjoy when you have to eat it in a harsh environment. The service is awesome, Ill keep going but hope they will see this and make some changes.
5	So, I went to this place a while back. It's the bomb! Have been meaning to write a review, and then was reminded to when a friend of mine called me to thank me for referring them there. I cannot think of a place that I have had a better burger at. Seriously. I totally wish it was closer! A true gem! :)
5	Our first visit here was outstanding.  The clerk asked if we had been there before and filled us in on the favorites.  The burgers were outstanding.  We will definitely go back.. The fries were very interesting.  They were seasoned and had a bit of a sweet taste to the spice.  Love IT!
4	I received a message from the owner right after I posted my review. He had great things so say on how my issues would be dealt with immediately, and he thanked me for my honest review. I will be going back to PVBC again, the food is too good and I appreciate the owner's professional response to my review!
5	Great burgers! Burger lovers you will NOT be disappointed!!
3	Came at Lunch time, place was mildly busy. forgot that i have been here before and didn't care to much for the place. ordered a burger and fries, service was swift and friendly. Burger was good! would have probably enjoyed a different one better just because of what i like on burgers. i ordered the specialty Burger called the Country Fried Burger. it was good, but it didn't fill me up, there was two small patty's on it, tomato, lettuce and onion strings. definitely yummy, but not the best I've ever had. Fries were perfect. Place was rather bland in decor, kind of clean... but i'm here for the food! so i don't care. nice little hole in the wall place with lots of good reviews, see if it's right for you:)
2	The food to me wasn't that good. Maybe a glorified McDonalds.  If you want weird combinations, this might be your place.  It wasn't mine
5	Ok, this one has been a long time coming. So basically my friend and I affectionately refer to these guys as the burger gods. The thing to note here, is they have a new special burger every week. If you go here, you ask for the special. If it doesn't sound like something you'd like, I'd encourage you to try it anyway. These guys do incredible, magical, delicious things with ingredients I never thought would work with a burger. So once you've gotten your special fix in; when you go back again that week, and you probably will, they've got a slew of other finely crafted dishes. The Club sandwiches are both great in their chicken or shrimp trims. The Fresno style pork tacos are brilliant. Sides are the house's masterful take on classic burger joint sides, decadent fries, sweet potato tots, and for those with a sweet tooth, French toast fries. Wash this all down with one of many different sodas from the fountain or the large variety of canned ones they keep in a cooler. If soda isn't your thing, fresh cucumber water is available. For the sweeter side of things, they offer a large sampling of milkshakes and run a special flavor for a month. Fried ice cream is also on the menu but the unique flavors of milkshake offered are really the best bet. The staff is always friendly and happy to chat. Service is usually quite fast even when busy. If I had to say anything negative about the place it's that I've gotten burgers or sandwiches they've been missing a topping. It's only happened a couple times, and the food was still perfectly delicious otherwise.  I know with the specials that the chef does play with them a bit for fine tuning so maybe I've just caught them in that phase. The only other negative would be that you have to go there more than once a week so you can try the special and get to try the rest of their awesome regular menu. If you've managed to read this far I'll let you in on a little secret. The Texas BBQ burger isn't on the menu but can be ordered any time. This is my all time favorite BBQ burger ever so definitely try one.
4	This place was a nice surprise!! Hidden in plain sight, this place services some pretty amazing burgers!! Small on the inside but has character. Once you have eaten, before you leave, you MUST try a shake!!!
5	My girlfriend and I found this place on yelp. We've been coming back ever since. She usually gets the country fried burger and i always try their burgers that are on special. Food is always on point and the service great. If you are looking for a laid back joint with great food, Paradise Valley Burger Co. is the joint to be at!
4	Burgers were great! The marshmallow milk shake was yummy. French toast fries were yummy. My mom got a side of gravy & said it was terrible. She said she wants to teach them how to make gravy (she's from Mississippi so she knows gravy). The  ketchup they had sitting on the table was sour & had gone bad. Very friendly service. I would 100% go back again.
5	When I'm eating the ethnic specialties of a foreign culture, I try to just shut up and let the natives tell me how to eat it - what condiments I should use, the mechanicals of eating it, what temperatures and tastes are best. Well, Paradise Valley Burger Company's cooks are natives of Burger Country and we are just visiting, so you should shut up and let them tell you how to eat their burgers. These guys are friggin burger wizards and I am completely enthralled by their flavor magic. Always ask about the weekly special. One time I came in and the weekly special was two thin patties, battered and fried, bacon on top and bottom, collard greens with garlic, and a maple-bacon-sriracha aioli on top of waffles.  WAFFLES.  Good God.  I almost wish I had died because I'm never going to eat anything that good ever again.The one thing I could complain about is that their seasoned fries are way too salty.
5	Best burger I have ever had!  We have lots of burgers in Portland, but nothing even compares to the Brulee burger I had at your place. Luckily for me I dropped my daughter off for college there so I will be back. I also ordered the sweet potato tots that were really good. Tender and slightly sweet!  You had a special that looked amazing and most of all creative. That's what sets you apart. Very creative!!
5	WOW, If you look good food this is the spot.  If you like food that is a bit different then run of the mill this is the spot. If you are the kind of person who is willing to try something you normally wouldn't put together.  This is the spot.  Trust in the opinion of the professionals, try the burger of the week.  Also try a milkshake!  Ive come to the conclusion Bret is a genious.
3	Visited PHX for my first time and found this place through yelp.  I ordered the special of the week which was Buffalo Brulee Burger.  One point of improvement is that they could add the price to the bottom of the burger.  I didn't know I was going to pay $8ish+tax.  It was fine since it's my 1st time trying it.The cashier was pleasant, wasn't overly enthusiastic and seemed kind of bored.  He took my order and handed it over to the kitchen.  I did notice that the cook had to come out to see what other ingredients were in that burger.  I was quite perplexed by this.  Shouldn't you know everything on your menu by heart?  This is my second point of contention.One thing I didn't expect was for them to bring the food to your table.  I thought that added a nice personal touch to it.The meat was juicy despite them not asking me how I want my burger to be cooked.  The lettuce and scallions were fresh.  The cucumbers were cooked, not sure if people like that or not but I had no issues with it.  The buffalo sauce was flavorful and had a subtle kick to it.  Not enough kick to the point where you need water.  The burnt sugar bun was interesting.  You can see the sugar melted onto the bun but at the same time you could see the crystals.  Some of the crystals did not fully melt so when you bit into the burger, sometimes those crystals got stuck in your teeth or gave you a sensation of eating sand.  They just need to be more thorough.  If I had only tried this burger, I would have given them 4 stars, but I tried their french toast fries.The french toast fries is exactly as it sounds, they basically take the corners of the bread, turn it into french toast, then deep fry it and put powdered sugar on it.  They also give you a side of syrup which was very watered down.  I think the fries would have tasted a lot better if they had more bread component than just the edges.  You can definitely taste the oil on these things so it should be toned down a bit.The decor was alright, the light fixtures were kind of odd and not sure what they were trying to go for.  They do have good food photos of their products though.  The bathroom was okay.  Not terribly dirty, very spacious, but wished it would be a lot brighter inside.Despite the 3 stars, I would definitely come back here again and would recommend this place with the caveat that not everything is up to par.
5	Ok....WOW,   just  WOW!  I am not a hamburger freak so when my Hubby asked around and was told this was awesome, I just went along with him.  When you enter this unassuming small place, the guy at the counter asks if you have been there before.  Then he tells you what the most popular burger is (Brulee)..I did not want to think that day and just ordered the Brulee even though it did not sound good.  There was Soooo a party in my mouth.  It was AWESOME!  Hubby ordered a boring regular burger and he LOVED it too.  Their fries were seasoned and HOT.  They got a huge thumbs up, only thing that was not up to par with the rest was the homemade potato chips...kinda yucky..oh and the Carnival Corn was wonderful!  We will so be back!
4	You must eat here! Take off your shirt, and don't eat in the car these burgers are filled with tons of goodness. Sweet potato fries OH MY! Brulee burger rocks.
5	This place is amazing! My fiance had the country fried burger and I had the burger burlee, they were both the most incredible burgers ever! The sweet potato tater tots with the house made spicy ranch is delicious. I will be coming back here often since the price is so affordable for how yummy it is! It's just the right amount of food. The one guy I met behind the counter was very nice and courteous as well!! :) can't wait to try something new next time.
4	French. Toast. Fries!  Amazing.  Worth every second of the wait and even the semi-odd customer base that was in the venue.  This place has been bookmarked on my Yelp account for almost 4 months, and it's only a 5 minute drive from our place, so that's just sad really.  Now that we know how delicious the burgers are, we will be heading there more often!  I had the Sloppy Joe on white toast any my fiancee had the Bacon Cheeseburger.  We ordered some regular fries and, of course, some of the much talked about French Toast Fries.  Both were delicious, but the french toast ones were amazingly decadent and tasted like a dessert.All in all a great visit and we will be returning without doubt.Overall: A
4	I really liked the burger I had here. It's a little small but the flavors are great. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and there were pickled onions which added a really nice touch.A little pricey, but you get what you pay for.
4	We ordered the Sloppy Joe, Cheeseburger, regular fries and french toast fries.  Everything was excellent.  We have been trying to find a local burger place that isn't a chain and this was everything we hoped for including being a "hole-in-the-wall."  Some of the best places are hidden gems, and this would be one of them. The burger was cooked to order, the regular fries were perfect, the Sloppy Joe was our "wildcard" order and it was surprisingly delicious - add to that the french toast fries and it was like having a dessert with our lunch.  Will be back.
5	Great burgers. The variety and toppings make it great for the price.
5	The burger was excellent. Ordered to go at the counter and it took under 10 minutes to get my food. Ill be back.
5	I've really wanted to try this place and today was my lucky day. The outside is so unassuming and a shopping center that I probably would never go to except for PVBC. Anyways, we walked in and I wasn't expecting too much on the inside but it was very cool. Little round wooden tables and very clean. Very interesting that they use clothes dryer tubes for their lighting. Very unusual. Never seen this before. The guy at the counter was very nice and friendly. The menu was on a board but he handed us a paper menu for all the details. I decided to try their special burger of the week which as a melanzane. It had two burgers, fried egg plant, and cheese. Oh my gosh. So good. I also order the sweet potato tots. Wow. Crispy but not over cooked. We all loved them and we were fighting over them. My daughter had the Fresno chicken tacos. Comes with three. Had a bite and they were really tasty with a little kick to it. Excellent. But then my wife ordered the taco salad. It was okay. Nothing  special but she enjoyed. I was very impressed that our food came out really fast after we ordered. They both came to our table a few time to ask us about the food and even took away our basket after we finished eating. Very cool. I was not disappointed. This is a great place for a burger. I would say they don't  have huge portions and right in line with the cost of a great burger. I'm glad it's close to where I live so I will be back for sure. Eat up....
4	Any place that offers a well-executed bacon shake is worth trying.  I didn't even know that before I ate at PV Burger the first time, so it was a nice surprise.My first visit, I went with the Brulee Burger.  It was OK.  Second visit, I had the Philly Burger daily special, which had two tempura-battered patties, cream cheese, and a couple other things.  The Philly Burger was pretty tasty, and maybe a step above their signature brulee burger.The fries are pedestrian, but I haven't had any other sides.  Prices are a little steep here, and I like getting a shake, so now I tend to stick with just a burger and a shake just to keep my financial and caloric budgets under control.I already mentioned the shakes.  I was skeptical of the bacon shake after the miserable bacon soda experience I had last year, but this bacon shake is done well.  It tastes like bacon, but it's not to strong.  And best of all, it has actually crunchy - and some fatty - pieces of bacon in it.  As edible as the bacon shake was, however, I would recommend the Lucky Charms Marshmallow shake first.  I think the bacon shake would need some maple in it to make it a contest.PV Burger Co are artists.  They have really interesting ideas, and they execute it well.  It could be better, though.  They can't draw people by the quality of their meat alone, like some of the more high-end burger spots.  Drink selection is weak; a place like this really needs to serve some specialty bottled sodas, or at least something besides canned Coke products.As it stands, though, PV Burger is an excellent neighborhood burger joint, and is probably even worth traveling a few miles out of your way to visit.  The bacon is calling for you.
5	Concur with most of the reviews on Yelp - this place is fantastic.  You definitely get unique burgers, can get sandwiches or tacos, and they also have basic burgers for a very reasonable $5.  The sweet potato tots are really good.  The milkshakes are different but very tasty.  Think of shaved ice with a lot of ice cream, milk, and a ton of unique toppings like Lucky Charms.  There are some really nice small touches:  1) They play some really good music in the place at a reasonable noise level.  2) Their have a water "jug" if you want tap water, and it's flavored with cucumbers which really makes it refreshing.The guys at the counter have been really friendly both times we've been.  The prices are reasonable and I really don't think there is a better burger option in the area.Definitely try this place out!
5	I am a total sucker for a "burger joint" and this is one of the best. I kept hearing about PV Burger from friends all over town so had to try it and it exceeded my expectations. The burger bule was heavenly - who knew an egg on a burger would be so awesome?
5	Nike it up with the Brulee Burger.  JUST DO IT.  Seriously.  It's amazing.The patty was crisp on both sides yet the meat was not overdone.  I asked for the egg that comes on top to be a little more well, yet the egg wasn't dry and the yolk still smeared serving it's purpose.  The bacon was actually crispy and didn't overpower the rest of the ingredients (as bacon sometimes does).  The pink sauce that comes on it - killer - as well as the sweet pickled (?) red onions.  The bun was actually tasty on its own (rare for bread to shine!) and perfectly complimented everything - it was crispy (buttered + sugared, perhaps?).  UGH.  It was so good I can't stand it!  The flavor combo was heaven in my mouth.  I can't.My friend got the Beach House Burger and liked mine better.  But he said if he didn't taste mine, he would've been amazed by his.  We also split the Country Fried Burger.  Yes, that's right.  As in, we had our own burger AND split another, along with a side of Sweet Potato Tots.  The Country Fried Burger was disappointingly dry, but we also forgot to smother it with the accompanying sauce - a bleu cheesy ranchy type sauce (?).  The fried onions that came atop were to die for - perfectly seasoned and salty, mmm.  The Sweet Potato Tots tasted fresh and were good.  Not sure if I would order again my next visit since I'd rather save room for more burger goodness (perhaps a double Brulee Burger) as well as the fact that I'd want to try their regular Fries AND their famous French Toast Fries.  Decisions, decisions...... Oh, that Brulee Burger.  I want it again and again and again.P.S. Customer service was excellent with one guy behind the counter and the owner was present.  'Nuff said.
2	I asked for a cheeseburger with bacon combo not being familair with the menu. The overweight guy behind the register was quick to correct me "oh you mean the paradise bacon cheseburger". ...he seemed offended. Sounds good I said, with a side of ranch too for the fries. He took my money as if he was doing me a favor by ringing me up. ...once I got my food, the burger was OK, better than fast food, but not as good as I was hoping from the pictures & reviews. The fries were pretty good, but the 'ranch' was not ranch. I went to the cooler thinking the d-bag at the register mixed it up. I reached for another cup explaining what I had was some sort of potato salad. He looked offended again claiming "oh no, that's ranch! I made it myself this morning" ...bottom line; the paradise bacon cheseburger is better than carls jr (but SMALL), they have no idea what ranch is, their sodas are over-priced cans because they can't afford a fountain machine, & their customer service sucks. F this place & the land-blimp who owns it.-Mark
5	Best burgers in town! They don't skimp on quality or ingenuity.
5	First off, let me wonder how the heck I didn't hear of this place before this week?  The food was amazing!  I did take out and I ordered the Texas burger, which isn't on the menu but they made it for me.  2 patties, yummy brioche bun, BBQ sauce, cole slaw, green chili, mozzarella cheese, and bacon, plus I had them add fried onions.  Yum!  My whole family loved the french fries.  I got the french toast fries and they were also very good to try.  I will probably stick with regular fries in the future because the French toast ones were heavier and real sweet, although they would make one heck of a breakfast too!  My son got the plain burger and added bacon and ate it all up.  The only one that didn't like his too much was my husband with the country burger, but he tried mine and liked it, so he will be back but will order a different burger.My son and I tried shakes.  I got the peanut butter one and it was incredible.  My son got the lucky charms marshmallow shake and loved it.I will be back!
5	I thought I was being boring by ordering just a 'plain' cheeseburger and fries; however, the food was anything but that! The cheeseburger was delicious and had all kinds of yummy toppings: cucumbers, pickled radishes, a special sauce, and my choice of cheese. Even the bun was delish! The fries were seasoned perfectly as well. I think I ate every single bite of my food. The staff was excellent-super fast and helpful. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone, and I can't wait to come back to Scottsdale for more! :)
5	Its official, I'm leaving my wife.  I am leaving this exquisite and undeniably beautiful half eastern indian, half white chick for the Brulee Burger and Paradise Valley Burger Co.  It has to be done, I am in love.  Everything on this burger works together like 100 bikini clad women chasing Benny Hill.  The beef, the bacon, the fried egg with the drippy yolk, the havarti, the burnt sugar encrusted bun, I FACKING LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!Not to mention, cool dudes run this place, cool dudes I say.  I am going to make my Dad drive down from Tucson just to go to this place.  He is getting old now and shouldnt be making that drive by himself.  But he loves burgers and PV Burger company is worth the risk.Thanks AZ yelpers, you did me right homies!
5	I just realized I had another fantastic burger here today and have never taken the time to review them on Yelp. This place has got fantastic food, friendly staff and a nice atmosphere. Nothing special about the interior but the quality and quantity of food more than makes up for the lack of things to look at while you're eating. I have not had anything here burger wise that I did not think was fantastic and the other sandwiches are excellent as well. For freshly made food they get your order in and the food out pretty quickly. No complaints about anything.
5	This place is legit!If you are having a craving for a delicious burger you should check it out for sure. All sort of interesting burgers and specials.I imagine they are busy for lunch but it has never been crowded for dinner.Try the sweet potato tots. Super good.
5	Are you kidding?? There should be six stars for the food! I ordered to go and good thing I did. It was 1.30pm and no tables available. That speaks volumes.I had the veggie sandwich best described as shredded veggies with BBQ sauce. Awesome! And the sweet potato tots Great!I highly recommend Paradise Valley Burger!!
5	LOVE this place!! Amazing combinations and kids meals, too! We go as often as we can:)
5	An amazing, unassuming little place - completely unexpected, and didn't disappoint!
4	The burgers are creative and the prices reasonable. I would prefer a bit more expensive meat. The guys who run the place are easy going and the ambiance very laid back. We get back for a burger at least once a month.
5	Amazing! Don't let the strip mall deter you since most amazing little gems are usually hidden in strip malls it seems. I had the Beach House burger which was super favorable. The pico mixed with smoked mozzarella and green chili. Wow.. Had the sweet potato tots and BBQ chips which were both tasty. Friends ordered the French Toast fries which weren't my thing (don't like French toast in the first place, I know I'm weird) but he was in love. We will definitely be back as I want to try their tacos and carnival corn.
4	Lots of burger places but this one has a really good char grill flavor. Worth a try. I have been back for more.
5	Delicious grilled cheese on homemade 9-grain! Employees are super friendly. Cute little diamond in a strip mall. I must return here and try a burger:)
5	Hands down the best  burger joint on Phoenix, AZ! Let me start with food. You walk in and  see large photos of the most beautifully designed burgers imaginable.You see the promotional pictures for the food served at the restaurant and yeah the food looks exactly if not better than advertised! These are not just thrown together patties. They are works of art! Any culinary professional would be more than impressed. I have not even gotten into the best part yet... These burgers taste even better than they look. Each of their signature burgers is unique in test and design. I was impressed that the could make a bacon and fried egg cheeseburger exponentially more delicious then somewhere burgers I've had in the past. But they did. The Brule Burger was the first burger i ordered over a year ago and i have been a happy customer since!What truly makes this restaurant more unique is that the future at least one brand new custom burger special each week. All of which are again culinary masterpieces. another great thing about Paradise Valley burger company is that they don't only sell burgers. They also have a wide array of tacos and sandwiches. No I have not taken advantage of there vegetarian and gluten free options they also happily serve these options.Lastly, the initial thing that made me want to come back other than the tasty food was the amazing customer service. Owner and General Manager Brent and Brian we're very cool and sociable. I have been eating at their restaurant frequently for over a year and they still ask each time how my meal is. That means a lot. I have brought many friends to eat here and I love it. I have also had a few business lunches here. That is how great the environment is inside Paradise Valley burger company.
4	Yum!  In the mood for a laid back place with great, fresh food? If so, head into PV Burger Company... that's exactly what I did.  Had the bacon cheeseburger and sweet potato tots with street corn on the side.  The burger was cooked perfectly.  It was juicy and fresh, served with crispy bacon, good sauce, and cucumber slices on top, which I thought was a nice touch.  It took a few minutes to get to me, but the place was busy and I knew my food was being cooked just for me, so I was ok with it.  The street corn was a bit overdone, but the tots were good, and I'm not a huge fan of sweet potato.I'm looking forward to popping in again soon and trying this brule burger everyone is raving about... yum, yum, yum!
5	Coming from a "food critic".....this is the best burger joint that we have found and we would recommend this place to ANYONE! We loved their Brulee Burger...starting with a slightly burnt sugar coated bread that melts in your mouth as you bite into it ... this mouth watering burger bursts with flavor as the fried egg breaks open and the bacon and cheese combine in flavor giving you the most perfect moment! You could never go wrong with this order. On top of the savory fries...they have a jalapeno ranch that is a perfect combination with the sweetness of seasoning. We also tried their fresco tacos that were out of this world and bursting with freshness of flavor!!! A++++ This family owned business is a must do if you enjoy good food.
3	Tasty....but I hope people realize the food is frozen.  We had some pretty good burgers.  The sides are all frozen item.  But the ambiance is gross.  The lights that hang down are out of place.  While the servers don't really clean the tables.  I would suggest never eating in their establishment and would be better off getting food to go.  And maybe getting fried sides from a fast food establishment instead.  It's also odd how you have to ask the register clerk for refills.  But again they do have some tasty toppings for their burgers.  Ehhh.....haven't been back in over a year.
5	Great burgers, reasonable prices, friendly service and no fuss.  Why hadn't we been here before?  Easy access in an iffy-looking strip mall conveniently located by the drive-thru liquor store.  But don't let the neighborhood deter you.  In a trendier spot with chic waitstaff you'd easily be paying twice as much for these designer burgers.  We need to go back soon to try the sandwiches and tacos, but it will be hard to not order the Beach Burger again.  Yum.
5	OMFG The food here is outrageously delicious and fairly priced for the unique ways they present the humble burger. Also, save room for dessert -- specifically their Maple Bacon Milkshake.
5	One word...Amazing! Try the Brulee burger... You're welcome :) it's a small place but makes up for in flavor. Even the seasoned fries are delicious. By far in my top 3!
5	Just get the special no matter what. You will NOT be disappointed. Their carnival corn is unbelievably good as well. Awesome local place that you should not hesitate to support!!
4	Interesting burger place. They make some strange burgers like peanut butter and jelly burger I had the brulee burger which was quite tasty. Fries were good as well
5	The best around. Great flavors and fun combinations. Make it your weekly stop for the burger special and shake special.
5	Simply put, these guys set the standard by which all burgers should be judged. Incredibly tasty!
4	Amazing burgers with new & original twists and recipes every week....swift and friendly service....one of the best shakes I have ever had in their maple bacon pecan shake ...sweet potato tater tots there are the only fried sweet potato item I will eat (everywhere else that does SP fries and such, I really ca't stand)...and Sriracha at every table? What more can you ask for?I give this place a 4 instead of a 5 because the first thing I tried there, I wasn't a fan of. I wouldn't suggest the country fried burger...it's not like a chicken fried steak on a bun like a thought it'd be; it was lightly dusted in flour then grilled on the skillet, also supposed to have fried onions, where I thought I was getting something like French's, it instead was blackened onion sprouts on the grill, and I wasn't a huge fan of those...it WASN'T TERRIBLE, but also not was I was expecting, and that wasn't a good thing in this instance. If what I described is your thing, then it's another thing to make you fall in love with this place. I've been here 3 or 4 times.Everything else, however, was top notch, and I would always recommend this place to a fellow burger lover.
5	Cool guys running the joint, have a nice convo pretty much every time I come in there, but most importantly, the Burger Brulee is seriously the GREATEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD!!!!!!!! And trust me, I've eaten literally THOUSANDS OF BURGERS in my life. It really does give you a Foodgasm. The flavors explode in your mouth. The Caramelized sugar on the light, fluffy brioche bun gives a dessert quality to  it, combing with the yolk of the egg & creamy Havarti, it makes it almost like a custard, but then the bacon comes in & so its like a crazy, gourmet french toast breakfast sandwich, but then you're like "wait I thought this was a burger?" And then the delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked burger patty hits your taste buds & then you hear the Angle's Harps & a warm, golden light casts over you.
5	Really, really great tasting burger. I wanted to try a burger in their standard menu so I ordered the Beach Burger.  I was tempted to substitute Cheddar for the Smoked Mozzarella since I tend not to like "smoked" cheeses, but I followed the Yelpers before me and put my faith in the good guys at PVB and their awesome combinations. Turned out to be such a good flavor combo, it might make me re-think my attitude towards "smoked" cheese!But what really made me want to return and try another PVB combo was the bun. Buns can make or break a burger IMHO.  This bun was light, soft and just big enough to serve its role as burger holder. Superb!  I'll be back!
5	Even though I've been eating burgers like it's my job lately, I stopped in Paradise Valley Burger Co. for lunch after a recommendation from a client. I was in their neck of the woods, so I took their word. Well, forget the diet! I'd eat a burger every day if I'd known about this place!A delicious, buttery burger bun, a juicy, seasoned burger with Havarti cheese and lots of ketchup! MMMMMmmmmm. It was so amazing. I also had a side of sweet potato tots, which quickly disappeared into my belly! I've heard ALL of their burgers are amazing, so I'll have to pay them another visit very soon! Also if you are nearby, check out the local scuba shop, Academy of Scuba!
4	I've been here a couple times, and found Paradise Valley Burger to be a consistent 4-star experience.For a burger joint, the food ranks between a 4 to 5 star. They offer a huge assortment of toppings for the burgers, chicken sandwiches and portabello mushroom sandwich.  I have enjoyed the Paradise Bacon Cheeseburger, and have stolen a few bites of my dining companion's food as well. The Country Fried Burger is a decadent as it sounds- country fried, smothered in gravy with crispy fried onions- no, I didn't order it, but I sure did sneak a taste!  And while I don't understand ordering a chicken sandwich at a burger joint, I did get to sample a bit of a chicken sandwich, and it was flavorful and juicy, very hot and fresh off the grill.The sides are good as well- sweet potato tater tots were another item I personally did not order but stole a few before they quickly disappeared. Service time was inconsistent, rating it a 3 to 4 star. Seems when they get a full house, output noticeably slows. If I was in a hurry to get back to an office, I might find this a dealbreaker. But maybe people coming from a work site could phone in an order so it's ready when they arrive. Also, they have fresh brewed Iced Tea. They have a bunch of sodas in a cooler case, but since I am not a soda drinker, I cannot give you much more info on that.Now of course I COULD point out that they are making your food fresh and that does take a little more time. Well, guess I just pointed that fact out. Still, if there's one thing that PV Burger Co. might work on, it would be workflow / consistent timing of orders during particularly busy hours.Casual/comfortable indoor environment, good place to meet up w/ friends, or grab a quick bite by yourself even. Definitely on the "Yes" list of places for a return visit
5	Incredible.  Gourmet burgers, should cost $15 each but they are selling it for $5. Number one place for burgers. Next I will try the chicken.
5	We've been here a couple times now and each time the food is outstanding. The guys working behind the counter are always friendly and if you follow their Facebook page you get sneak peaks of what new burger creation they are working on.
5	Love this place. I have been here a few times and food has always been excellent. Like the weekley specials. Owner super nice guy. In a little corner of a strip mall. Does not look mlike much from outside, but go in! You will be amazed
5	Amazing burgers!
5	I often pass by this tiny hole in the wall, but today I finally had a chance to taste the burgers. I purchased the Paradise Burger and it was absolutely wonderful! The buns was just done right and the patties were seasoned perfectly. I love the idea of having slices of cucumber in the burger and the onions that they use makes the burger oh so good! I will come definitely come back! One of the best burgers I have ever tasted! I recommend!!
5	Love this place!!! Food is amazing!! They also have homemade chips that are so yummy!!
4	I found out about PVBC from a friend who posted the weekly special on Facebook. A double patty topped with jalapeno, bacon, bbq sauce, blueberry cream, and corn bread crumbles! I was intrigued by the unique combination of ingredients and had to have it ASAP! It did not disappoint! I also ordered a side of seasoned fries and a Lucky Charms shake. The fries were good nothing to brag about. The shake was amazeballs. I like that they're not stingy with condiments. They have a free for all supply of their house sauce in the soda pop refrigerator perfect for your fries or burger. I'll be back before I start my diet next week!
1	We were excited to try this place based on all the great reviews.  I had the cheeseburger and my husband had the bacon cheeseburger.  We were disappointed, both our burgers were soggy, wet messes.  There was far too much sauce and the sauce itself had no flavor, just sweetness.  We also did not like the sweetened fries.  The meat wasnt seasoned and it was very strange to have cucumber on a bacon cheeseburger.  We were unable to finish our meals.
5	I had the Paradise Chz burger and it was delish. Sweet tator tots off-this-planet amazing. My husband had the special, it was shepards pie burger, or something like that, it was pretty good too. Will be coming back soon for some great burgers that don't cost $15 or so! Great service, too!
4	Came to check out place after seeing reviews,  owner claims to have best burger in town,  order several burgers in different variation, unfortinatly have to get them as take out order and by the time I was able to tray them they was cold but remain testy, really need to comeback and retry them
5	Went here for lunch with my client, Academy of Scuba and had an outstanding burger. The marinara burger was incredible and the tots were amazing. They gotta franchise this place. Yum!
5	I love businesses that don't mind a little hand-to-hand combat.  In the case of Paradise Valley Burger Company, there is a Burger King a stones throw away in the same parking lot, a pizza place a few doors down, and a Jack in the Box across the street.  You better be good if your competition is that close.They are.The Princess and I had to check this place out after it was highlighted on the review of the day last Friday, 3/7/14.  Easy to find, just off the 51 at Bell.  Kind of  a non-descript strip mall.  Nice vibe, lots of foot traffic and yet enough room to grab a table and not be elbow to elbow with your neighbor.We both had the Beach House burger, two patties, smoked mozzella, and pico on an incredible homemade bun.  Loved the burger, very, very good.  You could taste the grill marks on the meat.  Complimented the meal with the sweet potato tots.  These were fantastic!  Some of the best I've had in the valley! (a little pricey but worth it!).  Also had a maple-bacon milkshake.  Wow!  Absolutely incredible.  Real bacon and maple with tasty ice cream, it was delicious!  Can't wait to go back and try other burgers and some of their tacos.  Service was fantastic, very quick and friendly.  Great prices and excellent food!
4	The creativity of this ambitious menu helps PV Burger stand out in the difficult terrain between the fast food and gourmet burger price point. A slight upgrade in their ingredients and this place will quickly outgrow the strip mall in which it resides and move to the upper echelon of the Phoenix burger scene.
2	The burgers are definitely decent, but I felt the portion was a bit small. We got lettuce wraps instead of bread, which may have made the difference, but we were still hungry afterwards! The sweet potato tater tots were alright. Friendly counter service, good location, but I probably wouldn't go back.
5	Stopped by after reading yelp reviews. Burger was amazing and so was the pulled pork!!  My wife and I shared the beach house burger which was delicious. Kids meals were perfect size and love the little touches they added!!!
5	Just ate the Brulee Burger and think it was a religious experience. This is my new favorite everyday spot! LOVE LOVE!!!
5	Burgers were outstanding!  What a nice find.  We were at the Mayo clinic seeing my mother-in-law and the kids were starving.  This place came highly recommended so we went.  We were not disappointed!  The fried ice cream was a nice treat also!
5	I had lunch here earlier today for the first time, and its all I have been thinking about all day! WOW delicious burgers i guarantee you wont find anywhere else for the price. So many awesome random menu items. Totally unique. My new favorite burger place. You must try the fries as they come (seasoned in 16 different things) and their fried onions are good enough to order as your side
5	I was craving some red meat. Not just red meat...a juicy burger. Fortunately in my neighborhood there is this yumtastic burger joint. I previewed the menu online and theoretically could have called in my order since I was taking it to go but wanted to check it out a bit longer. I had the Beach house burger (roasted green chili, smoked mozarella, and pico de gallo) and a side of carnival corn.Well, I was pretty hungry so I actually took some nibbles of my corn on the car ride home-very tasty. It was seasoned splendidly and was delicious. My burger was great. I LOVED the grilled green chili. It was extremely tasty with just the right amount of spice. I guess I am used to green chilis being kind of soggy but this was darn near perfect and very fresh. The burger is served on a brioche bun (which I didn't eat because that is how I roll with burgers..I don't eat the bread..could have ordered it protein style with lettuce but I forgot..the bun looked tasty though!  :)In addition to burgers they have sandwiches, tacos/taco salads, and some interesting sides. I definitely would like to try the sweet potato tots and a taco salad on my next visit. Next time my meat craving kicks in..I know just the place.
5	This place is amazing!!! A nice hole in the wall place that doesn't allow for a lot of foot traffic. So you can go in and have a  nice lunch solo or with a few people. I have been here only once but can guarantee the service this place has to offer!!The guy behind the counter is so nice! he's very mindful! I didn't have to wait too long for my meal and I was able to soak up the atmosphere. Try the chicken club, very delicious!!! I definitely recommend this place to everyone!!
5	This was place was one of the best hamburger places ever! My husband and I went last night with our kids (ages 4 and 8) and everyone left happy and full! We don't usually go  to new food places with the kids, but after reading the reviews we knew we had to try it. I am really glad we did, we will definitely be going back. Although next time I am going to try the Lucky Charm Milkshake.
5	Firat time here. Came on the recommendation of a friend. Yummy country fried burger and sweet potatoentater tots for me, and my wife enjoyed her pulledn pork sandwich. A neat place for a good bite of food, a neighborhood gem indeed. We will be back.
5	Awesome and delicious burgers! Great customer service and a nice casually place to dine!
5	This review is long overdue. PV Burg (as my boyfriend and I so affectionately call it), is really the best burger in town. My standard order is the Brulee and I haven't been disappointed once. I love the crazy combinations these guys come up with and that we can support a local joint instead of the same chain burger places time and again. Guys behind the counter are always friendly and fun to joke with, they play the best tunes, and the sweet potato tots are top notch. I'd be lost without them.
4	Overall this is a very good restaurant.  The staff are very nice, the prices are good, the service is fast, and the food is very tasty.Paradise doesn't deliver in spades however.  It lacks in location and the environment could use work.  Things like uncomfortable chairs and only having Sweet N Low keep this from being a five star review.Paradise has the potential to go big, it is definitely a restaurant worthy of expansion.
5	I eat at burger places all over and this one is definitely up there.  Great burger and fries, with a few specials I'll be back to try.  The fries were tasty with their own seasonings.  Nice setting, good service, def worth checking out.  Ill be back when I'm in the area.
3	Looked so good, I did'nt want to eat it. But it tatsed great. Need to do something with the decor.
5	Excellent bun to Patty ratio! Great flavor and everything homemade. My favorite burger place:)
5	So stinkin' good!   Today I ate at Paradise Valley Burger Company for the first time. I ordered the Beach House and substituted chicken breast for the burger patty. It was hearty, messy, and absolutely fantastic!  The brioche bun was buttery and delicious.  Even with the pico de gallo and jalapeno ranch sauce, the brioche was able to maintain it's integrity and keep that toasty crunch.  No mushy peppers here, the green chile (poblano, I think) was roasted just right and there was plenty of it.  I love that they will substitute portabella into any burger as well, I think I'll try that next time.  Oh yes...there most definitely will be a next time.
5	Very unassuming little place. Everyone I've ever dealt with there is friendly. Awesome burgers! Love the brulee burger and the sweet potato tots! Highly recommended.
3	Preggo cravings called for a burger and fries tonight! Hubby allowed me to pick a new place (he's not a fan of branching out...) and this place had so many great reviews... MEH. It was OK. The guy at the counter seemed nice and helpful...at first. As we sat there and watched others come in, he looked like he was bored and counting down the minutes til they could close up. He and the 2 other guys I saw there seemed like the typical fraternity Bros...ready to start their cinco de mayo festivities instead of interacting with customers. We both had the burger with bacon and cheese. It was good...at first...then super salty. Fries were ok. Just not really impressed at all. Guess I should've stuck with my FIVE GUYS.
5	Thank you yelpers for recommending this place!  Had a cheeseburger with Havarti and corn on the cob. I said "yum!" After every bite!  Perfect sized burger, especially the meat to bun ratio!  It was just as satisfying watching other newbies having their first bites!  The employees were also super nice and proud of their product!
4	Good food! I have been there multiple time and have yet to been let down. Great job guys. Twinky Milk Shake was craaaaazy!
5	Yum. So good. Our food was fast and delicious. Loved that it was fast bc we had our toddlers. For sure gotta come,back to this side of town again!!!
5	This is my favorite local restaurant and I don't even eat burgers. The pulled veggie sandwich and the interesting milkshakes never let me down. The service has never been anything but friendly and fast, and I always take my out-of-town friends and family there.
5	I have been to this place four times now. I am absolutely IN LOVE with their quality, atmosphere, and ingredients. I get the Beach House every time. The consistency of this place is amazing! ALWAYS perfect burgers, delicious chile on top, and amazing jalapeno ranch to go with it. Even the fries are incredible! I would recommend this place to ANYONE, ANYTIME.
1	Based on Yelp review my girlfriend and I decided to try this place even though it was little far.  I went to the restaurant and ordered letting them know that on cheeseburger absolutely no sauces as my girlfriend is allergic to it.  I ordered protein stle burger along with 2 orders of sweet potato tots.   Sweet potato tots were not crisp and there is sauces on my girlfriends cheeseburger.   When I called about the sauce they said they will make a new one and I could come and pick it up.  My friend is recuperating from a surgery and she didn't want me to leave again.   It was not worth the drive.
4	Pickled Onions.....WOW!!!! If you're craving a delicious burger and you want it now you have got to go to Paradise Valley Burger Company.  I ordered the Burger Brulee and it did not disappoint.  The pickled onions were amazing with the egg, bacon, toasted bun, & seasoned burger.  I've had plenty of burgers with egg and they all start to taste similar, this one DID NOT!  My father-n-law had the Paradise Bacon CHZ and he really enjoyed it, so much so that he wanted to come back the next day just to make sure if was actually that good....lol.  Service is good, burger is better, and they are quick. Must try if you're pressed for time and want a delicious burger or if you just want a good bite.
4	Great, unique burgers.  Who would have thought cucumbers would taste good on a burger?  Fries were decent--I'd try plain next time. No beer or wine.  About three miles from the Musical Instrument Museum.
4	I was recommended to go here from a friend.  Realizing it was just down the street from me, I headed over.  It's a tiny little joint that is easily missed if you're not looking for it. Ordered their creme brulet burger and wow was it yummy.  If I had anything to say, I would say the meat could be a little more seasoned. Still great though!  I'd love to try a different burger next time just to try a variety.  One thing that blew me away was their french fries with BBQ seasoning on it.  Delish!Good service and pretty quick too.
5	There is a reason why this little hole in the wall restaurant has 5 stars on yelp.  The food is ridiculous!!   Best burger I have ever had in my life.  The fries were perfectly cooked.  The gentleman who took out order was very pleasant.  It was a little warm inside the shop but I think it is because of the kitchen being so close?  This is my new favorite place!
5	This place never disappoints. Amazing burgers every time I've came in. You can tell that this place takes pride in their work. Genuine customer service and creative, tasty burgers make this restaurant a great to go spot when you're hungry!
5	Love it! Don't think we ever had a burger as good as they make them. I have eaten here twice and both times were great. Didn't care for the sweet potato fries, but the burgers are worth it! I drove 1/2 hour to visit here a second time.
5	Not only the best burger I've had, but by FAR the best pork tacos ever!!!! I'm always craving the food here! I want a burger right now!
5	Best burgers ever! Their specialty burgers are amazing! A different burger and milk shake/malt every week!
5	Been here twice so far, and got the Country Fried Burger and sweet tats both times. The quality and taste are top-notch for a burger joint.
5	I'm moving out of North Phoenix, and the worst part about it is that I'm moving away from PVBC.Great burger, salty fries, and mounds of creativity. Just walk in and order the special. Doesn't matter what's in it; just get it. It's good, even when you don't think it will be (e.g., a burger coated in ground up lucky charms!? Oh yes. Weird but so good.).I'll be back. Definitely.
5	I've been going here nearly every week for the past two years. I love the service, food, and the overall amazing experiences I have every time I go in. If you live in phoenix this is the best hole in the wall burger joint to go to! I've seen this place grow in the past two years and I know it'll be around for a long time. The owner is a talented chef and needs to be recognized for his work. Every time I go in I see nothing but happy faces shoving their faces into delicious burgers. The best part is he creates something new to try every week!!!  Everyone needs to try this place!!
5	Family and i and friends were visiting from the St. Louis area and were in the mood for some burgers so I found this place and it was off the chain amazing!! Lol.. The burgers were awesome, I had the paradise burger chz it was tasty! I never liked sweet potato fries BUT their sweet potato tots were to die for !! Over all this place was a great choice :-).. This is a must go when we come back to visit... Only thing is that I would take it to go, the place isn't really a din in .. Thanks for the great food we loved it! ***Liana P.***
5	A buddy and I stumbled across this joint just by luck; it's easy to miss, hidden in a strip joint on Bell.  Walked in and I immediately knew this was something different.  There were simply tables and chairs, and a place to order your food, and then sit down and eat... just eat.  Gone were all the pretentious crap that some places toss in in order to justify the silly prices they charge for something as simple as a hamburger.  It was refreshing because here was a place that clearly was playing by it's own rules, and not some chain of silly, overpriced, restaurants that are popping up everywhere nowadays.  I often wonder how some of these a-hole chains came into being.Dream sequence begins... Corporate douchebag:  "Hey, let's open a chain of hamburger joints.  What can we do where we can offer up average, crappy food but charge a ton of money for it?"Intern, saying as a joke:  "We could give them free peanuts!"Corporate douche:  "That's it!  What do we call it? "Intern looks up in surprise:  "I was just kidding!  No one will pay twice as much for a hamburger just because you give them free peanuts!"C.D.:  "Billy, let me explain to you how some people think.  You see, they will go for anything that appears trendy as long as you can convince them that simply charging twice as much for something makes them feel like they are in a special place- a place for special people just like them."  Intern:  "That's crazy.  Are you telling me that people will pay more for something merely for the pleasure of thinking that just by eating at that place they will somehow feel better about themselves, when in reality they are just idiots who are wasting their money on crappy, overpriced food?"C.D. "You're right, Billy. No one in their right mind would pay $10 dollars for a hamburger... with one exception:  certain people who live meaningless lives who think they are 'special' by discovering that 'new' and 'trendy' place that will make them feel special, even if just momentarily.  They'll still be the losers that they are, but that's where we come in and manipulate their meaningless life by convincing them that there really must be something special about our restaurant because why else would we be able to charge such absurd prices for something as simple as hamburger and fries?"Intern:  "Well, that's just sad. You are catering to the lowest level of people's insecurities simply so they can feel like they fit in; it's manipulative and unethical.  You'll be lucky to find five guys out of 100 that are stupid enough to fall for something so ridiculous."C.D. "Billy, you're a genius... a f'&*^ing genius!"Well, this ISN"T Wall Street and NO free peanuts. They sell food - EXCELLENT food. Their hamburger (bacon cheeseburger actually with smoked cheese) was FANTASTIC!  Fries were great, with some special seasoning that I couldn't quite make out, but made them a little spicy and yet sweet at the same time.  My buddy had the tacos and practically inhaled them.Good parking.  Stop and get a handmade ice cone for desert afterwards at the place in the parking lot.
5	Extremely unique and unbelievable flavor! You will never get tired of the menu new special burger creation every week!!! Something for everyone. Can't wait to go back.
3	My first impression after eating here is that it is a little over-hyped. Maybe it was just my particular burger. Not sure. There is a definite sense of creativity in their menu and there is good amount of unique variations.       I ordered the weekly special which sounded pretty good (The Chipoodle: smoked mozzarella, chipotle aioli, candied bacon, and fried onions). The fried onions were awesome, the candied bacon was lost and only noticed in a few bites, and the aioli was on the slim side as well.) I also ordered the Sweet Potato Tater Tots but was less than impressed.        I didn't feel that anything I ate was over the top (flavor wise). I will come here and try something else since the menu is so promising. The Beach House looks pretty good.       My bill came out to over $12 for a burger, fries, and soda. For that I want something better than what the chains offer. I hate to say that I would have been happier with a Five Guys Burger. One more try may change my mind. We'll see.
3	The place was clean and bright. The portions/burgers were small but OK. My buddy had the Chicken Parmesan burger and though it was small - he raved about it. Specifically the sauce. The bearded bald guy at the counter was super mellow - not sure if he was smoking "Colorado cigarettes" or what. This place isn't bad but it's not that great.
5	1st time here! Cute place inside.  Was very delicious and fast service. All the food was good and decent portions. Will go back!
5	Would probably try to get the owner to fall in love with me so he'd marry me and i could eat like a queen for the rest of my days. Hands down best burger in AZ
5	First time going to this hole in the wall burger joint and I have to say, one of the best burgers I've had in phx. I would highly suggest it to anyone in north Scottsdale. Bacon maple shake was good, tots are amazing and burgers are tasty. Check it out, don't be afraid!
5	Love this place!Food is always great.Wonderful burgers, tater tots, slaw, French toast sticks, and pulled pork.I love the brioche buns.Really affordable/cheap.
5	I read all the reviews on Yelp and planned to head over tonight. We certainly were not disappointed as everything we had was every bit as good or better than all the rave reviews. Lots of special touches and each item was delicious. We had the burger, pulled pork, and toasted cheese along with some sides.  The owner and employees were friendly and gave impeccable service.  I have definitely added this place to my list of "go to" restaurants. Yes it's in a strip mall and casual!  Perfect for lunch or dinner.
4	Great burgers, cool staff, great price. If you feel like a burger, hit this place up.
5	Amazing flavor & diverse menu options. Who wouldn't want french toast fries as a side to their burger? Healthy options don't lack in flavor either! The guy at the front is really nice. Glad we found this spot!!
3	First impressions mean a lot and finding this place lacking in interior design or a welcoming outdoor, speaks in volumes. What you get is a great gourmet burger at a high price. For the prices they charge they also need to do a better job of cleaning. Homemade chips were NOT all that good and BBQ which I hate in a chip. Didn't know that and since the fryer was down and we couldn't get fries, we were "offered" chips which I thought would be free for the inconvenience. They weren't free and 2 burgers, fries and shakes with tip was a whopping $30.00. For that price I want ambience!
5	We loved this place so much we went back twice over our one-week vacation in the Phoenix area!  If not for Yelp, we never would have walked in.  It's tucked away in an old strip mall, and the ambiance leaves a bit to be desired, but the food is amazing!  We especially loved the Brule burger and the French toast fries, but everything we tried was delicious.  If only we lived a bit closer...
5	Gourmet burgers at greasy spoon prices. If you are looking for an exceptional taste experience for a reasonable price, this is it. Nothing fancy about the strip mall location or decor, but the burgers are really amazing. We had the Burger Brulee, made even more juicy from the soft cooked egg yolk, and the daily special Key Lime burger, cooked crispy in a graham cracker breading with a cilantro pesto sauce. Both had a touch of sweetness, which you can avoid with other choices if you don't like that. Definitely wanting to return to try out other things on their menu.
4	Easily one of my favorite burger places in Phoenix.  I have been here at least a dozen times and it as consistent as it gets.  Ive only done the Paradise burger and a side of fries as well as a  chicken club sandwich so I cant speak about the rest of the menu but have no doubt its amazing.  The burger is juicy, flavorful and the seasoning on the fries are exactly what I want my fries to be like.  I actually order the fries with extra seasoning because they are that delicious.  The complex its in is not particularly nice, even borderline shady (had a few weird encounters due to the liquor store next to the place)  but its well worth going inside.  The staff have always been friendly and know their customers.  Its borderline a five star for me because the food is really that good, but the actual establishment inside is pretty tiny and cramped. I almost wish they could buy out one of the places beside them just to expand the seating because I most certainly do not want them to move locations since its so close.  Its unpretentious, values its customers, and overall a gem.  Another well deserved highly rated restaurant in phoenix and for good reason.
5	PV Burger Company is the absolute best burger in AZ and is definitely at the top of my list for all-time best burgers.  The owner is great and helped me work through my tendency to stick to what I always order and try some of the specials and other burgers on their menu.  I love the jalapeno ranch and fried onions as well as the pickled onions and that brulee burger is definitely worthy of the praise it gets.  The shakes (good lord that maple bacon pecan) are amazing and the price is more than reasonable.  The only bad part is that it's within walking distance from home and I have a feeling I may go overboard, if that's possible.  I only wish they stayed open later; 8:00PM is just too early!  Seriously though, EAT HERE.
4	The husband and I arrived at paradise valley burger fifteen minutes prior to when we were meeting with a group of friends for the 1000 review uye. A few people were here when we arrived and the owner was nice enough to accommodate our large party by pushing several tables together. Speaking of the owner, I was very impressed with his fast response to yelp messages and friendly laid back attitude. As I sit here reviewing, a few people have their food and it looks amazing.  The husband and I are sharing the bacon maple shake (5$) which is sooo super indulgent. It's salty, smoky, sweet and good all over, featuring chunks of real bacon and pecans. I could get fat on these babies. Several in the party ordered the famed brulee burger (8$) (fried egg, bacon, bruleed sugar, pickled onion, and thousand island) with the husband ordering the country fried burger (8$ ish) (a fried patty with gravy and crispy onions), and a variety of sides (i had french toast fries (2.50 ish), husband had sweet pot tots (2$ ish), others had fries). I just received my food which includes a brulee burger add jalapeno and French toast fries... It looks ridic. First bite... French toast fries are legit, not those sorry excuses for french toast sticks they sell at burger king. These are straight up crispy French toast pieces covered in powdered sugar and served with syrup. Sorry diet, maybe tomorrow. The husband's tots are fair, but nothing to write home about. His burger is in that same category, fair. We were kind of expecting something crispy (since the patty and the onions were fried and all), but everything was a little soft... The flavor is ok, but  somewhat one note, certainly not the best order at the table.  Everyone else at the table seems pretty happy with their orders and the staff managed to deliver most of the food at the same time (which is especially impressive since everyone ordered at different times). My burger looks great.... Unfortunately, looks can be deceiving... It is good, but not great.. It's a fast food style patty (thin and cooked well done) and the egg is a little runny, but not excessively. The bacon was really yummy and crispy, but not burnt, so that is a plus. I guess the issue is that it just feels like it's missing something... Maybe a fresh element? I can't quite put my finger on it. Don't get me wrong, the burger is good and I would recommend this place if you were in the area (particularly because of the amazing owner and staff here and their general creativity (new specials every week) which is admirable), but maybe not if it's too far out of your way.PS Roll me out of here!PPS Thanks to all of my dining companions!PPPS Gorillas love milkshakesPPPPS 1000! Hooray!!!
4	Ok, that was delicious :) If this was any closer I'd be in serious trouble. Out with Jennifer O. (who hit the 1000 review mark today!) a group of us visited Paradise Valley Burger Co. The burgers are creative, delicious and ridiculously affordable. The Burger Brulee is served with a perfectly cooked over easy egg, bacon (who doesn't love bacon?), onion, burnt sugar and havarti cheese. The sides and shakes are great comfort food. It may sound strange, but, french toast fries are divine. It's actually what you're (perhaps secretly) hoping will be served. Fried egg bread with a side of maple syrup. (I had one! JUST one fry.) The grilled corn on the cob is lightly buttered and a surprising addition to enjoy with a burger.And in other strange (yet satisfying) fare are the shakes. Bacon and maple syrup? Yup. Hot damn that's good. (Made with legit chunks of bacon.)The setup is simple. You order at the register, pay and food is delivered to your table. The space is medium sized, sprinkled largely with 2-top round tables, which can easily be pulled together. A casual place to eat.Alas, no booze. They do have fun stuff like YelloMello and Fanta tho! The menu is kid friendly with options for the little ones.Don't drive too fast or you might pass it by. (If I hadn't been looking for the place I wouldn't have noticed it. It's to the left of a liquor store. A *drive thru* liquor store.) Pricing in PV Burger is slightly higher than their online menu. (My Brulee burger was $8, it is listed as $7 online.)Definitely a place worth checking out!
5	Burger quality is top-notch!  The $5 paradise valley burger, by itself, is scrumptious!  As the simplest item on the menu, it is a tasty meal in itself.Good selection on menu, as well.  Simple hole in the wall place.Only gripe is the cheap, tissue thin, non-absorbent napkins.
4	A friend and I were  on are way for a gamenight and had some time to kill.  But we didn't want to stop at any generic fastfood place. we saw this place on the way near a B.K. So we decided to stop and check it out. The place has photo of the food on the wall and a poster that said "Gorillas Love Milkshakes!" He had the a burger and I had the pallpork. the Food look extraordinary, Mouth wateringley  delicious! However the palled pock was only average. the sauce was sweet and the pork was soft and fantastic!  A spice green pepper was a nice teats too. I would love to go again with another friend.
4	I've got two tickets to Paradise... Valley Burger Company! Is it Shangri-la? Not quite, but the burgers sure are heavenly. The creative menu, divey ambiance, and personable management/staff, make this place a great lunch or dinner option. Especially if you've got meat on your mind.Celebrating Jennifer [100]O's review UYE (see what I did there?), where else would we go other than a Yelp-approved burger joint. Several other fantastic Yelpers showed up to make this live-review event a momentous occasion. Well, momentous compared to your average review! I ordered the Burger Brulee and split a side of seasoned fries. This burger was really flavorful, with a fine mix of savory and sweet. It's loaded up with a fried egg, bacon, onion, burnt sugar and havarti cheese. The fried egg will undoubtedly break apart, mix up with the ingredients, and drip a tantalizing sauce for you to dab up with fries (pro tip). I highly recommend it! The restaurant, itself, isn't much to write home about, but you don't need fancy digs to grill up amazing burger creations. In the future, I want to come back and check out the Beach House Burger. A recent Phoenix New Times "Burger Battle" pits it up against Hopdoddy (which I love), and winning!http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2014/07/hamburger_phoenix_hopdaddy_vs_paradise_valley_burger_co.php
4	After reading several reviews on Yelp we decided to stop by on our mini vacation.INCREDIBLE!  Brulee Burger was a hit along with the Country Fried.....and the sweet potato tots...to die for.Great burgers!
4	If this place was in my neighborhood, I'm certain I'd be on a first-name basis with the staff.  They would know my "usual" order; one burger brulee, hold the bacon, seasoned fries and a pepsi.  I'd make a clever joke about the Burger of the Week and my husband would fist bump the guy behind the counter... ok I might be getting carried away.  But when we first walked into the little shop, we were greeted like we were old friends and given some quick, concise tips on navigating the menu and ordering process.  They easily accommodated our large group, and our rambunctious cheering-on of Jennifer O's live review.  Then the food arrived.  Although the majority of us got the Brulee burger, or some variation thereof, a good portion of the menu was represented on our table.  We got to try the french toast fries and bacon and maple shake.  We learned that PV Burger does burgers "protein style" upon request, and won't hesitate to use the term coined by that other burger joint.  And I learned that I LOVE pickled onions, especially on top of a fried egg and underneath burnt sugar.  Don't be afraid of burnt sugar on your burger, you threw the diet out the window today anyway.  I think there may be sugar in the french fry seasoning, too.I really loved my burger.  The patty was more well-done than I usually prefer but it never got chewy or crumbly or any of those other things one worries about with an overdone burger.  It was still flavorful and delicious.  All the toppings worked together in a medley I never would have dreamed, and didn't realize I was missing.  I don't think I've ever finished an entire restaurant-sized burger before in one sitting, but I did that and have no regrets.If I were to complain about anything, it would be these two points: One table was sticky enough that a menu was a permanent fixture of that particular table, and the cleanliness of the girl's room left something to be desired.  That said, those things wouldn't deter me for a second if I had the chance to come back here for another burger.
5	I am a burger fanatic, and I'd put these $6-$7 burgers up against the best in Phoenix. The fries and homemade chips are amazing too!
5	One word: YUM!  The burgers are juicy and delicious.  The restaurant is quite small and was packed when we came in.  The black board behind the register has all the items on the menu written on it, but unless you had been there before, it really doesn't tell you anything.  There are a ton of burgers, sandwiches and even tacos to choose from.  My hubby got a burger with roasted chili and pico de gallo on it, and I got the classic cheeseburger with Havarti.  We both loved the flavor and I thought the portion was perfect, but my hungry hubby could have eaten a little bit more.  I loved the use of cucumbers on the burger; it was something I'd never had before.  We also loved the jalapeno ranch dressing that we used to dip our fries into.  Soooo good!
3	A friend of mine raves about this place and I finally got the chance to check it out for a weekday lunch. I almost missed it off 40th street, signage is hardly noticeable unless you are up close to the restaurant. I walked inside and the restaurant is small and casual. Staff is very friendly and I even got to say hello to the owner. I went through the menu and decided on the Texas BBQ burger with sweet potato tots. Order comes out pretty quickly but I notice the portions are pretty small. The burger itself was tasty- I liked that it was different but very messy to eat. The sweet potato tots were also good but the ranch for some reason was very off to me. It wasn't the white, creamy stuff I'm used to, rather almost a yellowish color and very thick. I didn't like that. Overall, I liked P.V. Burger Company and would go again.
4	I've been to this place several times since they opened. I was excited to try it for the first time because I love a good burger! Inside it's a small take out type of place with several seats.   They have a rather eclectic menu - it's not just burgers. They have sandwhiches, tacos, and salads as well. The key to this place is creativity. Each item has a tasty spin on it. In fact they have a Facebook page that they regularly post specials on and each special seems a challenge to top the previous special as most unique. This visit I did a simple grilled cheese which always hits the spot along with another special, the pretzel fries. Those were really good but don't get too excited as it may not be available if you stop in. My son got the bistro burger and fries. Looked amazing.Here is why I give it 4 and not 5 stars though: I would give them them a 5 for creativity alone but I feel the bang for your buck isn't there. I would go more often but I feel it's a little too pricey for what you get. Portions are rather small. For example, the special this week...which don't get me wrong sounds impressive, is $8.50 just for the burger. Sides are seperate. My son ordered a milkshake which comes in one size and with a $5 price tag. Pricey! So for us we come here every once in a while when we need something different and are willing to pay for it...and aren't ravenous.
5	Hands down the best burger EVER!!! Who thought of deep frying a pretzel bun??? These guys! Amazing and unique combination of tastes. Everything on the menu: great flavor and affordable. TIP: if they bring back the Ultimate Burger, get 5 "for here" and 5 "to go". Order French toast fries, seasoned fries, well you should really everything on the menu because they're all good! I lied, I've never tried their tacos... I bet they're good though. Til next time...
3	Based on the reviews we were excited to try this spot. Unfortunately,  we were disappointed.  Definitely not a fan of the seasonings on the French fries. "All the fixins" that came on my burger was too much...too many things were pickled and the flavors did not mix well for my taste buds. Nice place, but not for us.
5	Excellent food.  BBQ burger, fries , grilled cheese, Tatar tots.  Everything was 5 stars! Will be back
5	Delicious. Best burger I've had in AZ. Weekly specials different every week and always great
5	Outstanding .....From San Diego and needed a burger fix and boy did I get it...Had the beach house recommended by the guy at the counter and he was right on.I will be back next time I'm in Phoenix
5	At first glance the place seemed a little dumpy bit the food and service more than made up for it.  Everything made fresh to order.  Probably one of the best burgers I've ever eaten!
5	Absolutely fantastic food. First time in, i had the country fried burger and it was soooo delicious. Also tried the lucky charm marshmallow shake, freaking amazing. I'll be coming here at least once a week, every week
3	I cant say I was impressed at all. The burgers were small and the sweet potato tots were al dente in the middle. The burgers had good flavor, but for $25 for two small burgers two sides and one shake and one flat soda, it was unimpressive. Probably would not go back.
1	Paradise burger was fairly close to home so we thought ,why not. Manly men running the place so I figured it's got to be real food. WRONG  ! Pre formed ,cheap tasting meat with frilly pickled onions ,avocado  and burnt black green chili! The fries some of which were up to 4 inches long,were very well cooked ,but most were 1 inch or less ,bottom of the barrel . Bun was similar to a ciabatta style ,smeared with a nondescript mayo based sauce that was not like anything I would knowingly eat again. These youngsters acted like they were serving prime meat,and the prices reflected it.  My wife's regular cheeseburger came with 3 slices of cucumber under a bunch of pickled red onion!CUCUMBER. On a burger? These guys are trying to be different and are coming off as weird.
2	Average of 4.5 stars?  Eh.....I unfortunately disagree.  This is like barely 2 stars.In honor of National Cheeseburger Day, I decided to go and get one.  I had this place bookmarked and it was close enough to work that I decided to have my cheeseburger here.  I should have gone somewhere else :-(.  It wasn't horrible,  but it was far from great.I rolled in the joint and placed my order for a Paradise Valley Cheeseburger with an extra patty, sweet potato tots and a Diet Coke.   After I placed my order, the cashier dude started talking baseball with me (I wear my St. Louis Cardinal hat all the time) and started asking how the Cardinals were doing etc.  That was cool and the best part about the visit.   I paid the man my money, $11.60 something and then took a seat.I noticed that the place was a little bit dirty.  The trash was overflowing, flies were on the windows and a lot of tables were dirty.  I hoped for the best............. A few minutes later, my food came out.  Here is how it was....................Double Cheeseburger-  Um....it was just alright.  It was presented nicely with a toasted bun and some fancy toppings, but it lacked "goodness".  This thing came with 2 small burgers, cheddar cheese, thousand island and then it was topped with veggies.  Not sure if they are trying to be fancy, but the veggies didn't really work.  They had a tomato, pickled onions which were tasteless and 3 cucumbers....not pickles...didnt taste any vinegar.  I tasted cucumber.  The burgers didn't have much flavor, the cheese was ok, the thousand island was runny.  The bun was alright.  I was not impressed.  I ate the whole thing but did not really enjoy it at all.Sweet Potato Tots-  Meh...frozen, not really crispy, no flavor, semi small portion.  I used the ketchup on the table and it was runny too (just like the thousand island).  I only ate a few of them and tossed 75%.  Meh.Diet Coke-  Even this tasted a little off.  Not enough carbonation or something.Overall I was sadly not impressed at all!  $12.00 for my meal, the burger was kind of small and tasteless and the tots were just plain boring.  The only good thing about the meal was my chat about baseball.  That is kind of sad.  I will not be coming back.
5	Called at 7:55 when they close at 8 and they let me order take out. So awesome thanks guys. Had been looking forward to the meal all week. Amazing as always
4	This place could as easily be called "Cool Bro Burgers" - low key atmosphere run by beared men who appeared in their 20's. Service was casual but prompt. This place gets 4 stars for creativity on the menu and 3 stars for execution/taste. The burgers all sound amazing. Mine was an egg and onion concoction. It sounded amazing but was just ok. I wasn't asked how i wanted my burger cooked. It was also gone too quick... I was glad i had ordered the sweet potato tots for an extra $2. They were very hot when served and were great with the jalapeno ranch. I would definitely try this place again because i am so curious about the rest of the menu but i hope to find one more satisfying in taste and bulk.
5	I had the beach house burger, spicy fries and shared the sweet potato tots. Place is super casual with excellent service. Food came out fresh and hot. They served kerns fruit drinks in the can and Capri suns as well as the typical fountain drinks. I want to try the country fried burger next time!
5	Don't want to visit too many chains on my travels.  Was interested in a burger and the first place Yelp took me to was closed, so this place popped up.  Honestly, when I pulled up, I thought about leaving, and actually started to drive away, but my insides were telling me to give it a try.Was immediately greeted by the counter staff.  They clearly explained the menu and made suggestions.  I took them up on their burger suggestion, and was pleased I did.   Also had their BBQ chips, which were A+.  Did see done people get the tutor tots, which looked yummy too.Interesting flavors on shakes, but I stuck with a standard strawberry.
5	SO good! We went for the first time about a month ago and we've been back 3 times since! It's a tiny little place with really nice people and REALLY great food! It's fresh and delicious. My (current) favorite is the Sloppy Joe. If I wasn't already a tad on the fatty fat-fat-fat side I'd be eating there every day.Also, if you get fries (which are amazing) and they offer you ranch on the side- TAKE IT, IT IS THE BEST RANCH OF ALL TIME.
5	This place was absolutely amazing! I am in shock with how stellar the customer service was! The food, my god it was delicious!!! I will definitely be back again! Yum!
4	Great owner and takes interest in his customers!  I went and wasn't impressed with the food, owner contacted me apologized for the experience and asked that I give his restaurant another try.  Any establishment that takes the time to reach out to a customer and apologize for their experience...is a restaurant I want to support. My husband and I will be back to try the food again.
5	Just ate here for the first time and it was delicious. Sweet Potato Tater Tots were outstanding and burger was perfect. Nice owners and great service. If you haven't been then go.
4	This place was great.  We tried the chips, fries, and tater tots with our burgers and have no complaints.  The price is great and other than I wish the burger patty was bigger I love this place!
4	Finally tried this place. Very casual. Friendly Good burger and good prices. I'll be back.
5	I love this place, I have purposely gone out of my way to take my boyfriend and my mom here since the first time I've gone and they both love it as well. My friend brought me here and I was skeptical at first because being from Texas makes me a very picky burger eater. I loved it. I got the Burger Brulee without onion and it was AMAZING. The burger itself was so juicy and the burnt sugar with the egg was a perfect balance of flavor without being overpowering. I also shared an order of fries with my friend and they were so good with their jalapeno sauce! If you like burgers this is definitely the place to try.
5	Very good burgers and milkshakes. Great service. The owner is usually there. Dive restaurant so don't expect anything to nice.
5	Small burger restaurant with no frills but good food.Was previously a two hippies place that just did not take off.Shared the Brulee Burger,  homemade chips and french toast fries. All were excellent,  the Brulee Burger comes on a brioche bun with bacon and eggs along with pink onions and burnt sugar and havarti. Great taste of all mixed together. Not a giant burger but good enough in size, quality not quantity. The pleasant surprise was the french toast fries with syrup. Fried Egg Bread looks like a fresh cut fries but are perfectly cooked.The homemade chips are also very good and only $1.Great price for your meal and quality food.Located on 40th Street and Bell Road, if I worked at PV Hospital or attended PV High School I would be there way too much.Will certainly come back and bring the rest of the family.
2	Horribly average and over priced. Customer service is lacking. Burgers don't come with fries so it's not as cheap as people say it is. 8 bucks for a very small burger all cooked well done. Never coming here again.
4	AMAZING!!!! It's way out of the way but totally worth it! First time in there and customer service was excellent! Only complaint is serving size is a lil small. Great burgers and fries. We will be back to try other items as well!
5	Today was my 2nd visit and must say was just as impressed as I was a month ago. Staff is friendly and helpful - explained things well when I asked several questions. All burgers come complete with 2 patties and are very filling. Sweet potato tater tots are delicious!
5	Best burgers in town hands down. Presentation is an art form here. There service makes you feel at home. I love stopping by when I'm on this side of town. Very excellent experience all the way around every time.
2	Four words...I don't get it! Okay, shoot me it's technically five words but how in the world does this place have a 4.5 star average.  And I feel bad for the two star because I like rooting for the small businesses of the world, this just doesn't deserve the stars it does have.  It's a little strip mall dive, which I'm good with and can add to the experience.  It didn't.  The dive was dirty and the "dude" behind the counter with the beard gave some of the most lackluster service I've had in a while.  Couldn't hear him, didn't help or suggest anything.  The big miss though was the food.  $7 for an a la carte specialty burger.  Doesn't sound horrible, but it was horribly overpriced when I realized $7 was for a burger barely larger than a slider.  The menu states it is over 1/4 lb, but I doubt it was even a 1/4 lb.  I can get a full 1/2 lb burger at most places in town with a side between $8-$10.  With fries and a drink I was at $12 for a lil burger in a dive?  Part of a cool dive or diner is the value, either the massive portion or the low price as it typically doesn't have the ridiculous overhead of a Houstons or even a Zinburger.  This had neither.  Now for the real bummer, it was supposed to be a Southern Fried burger with gravy & onion strings.  I can't believe I forgot to take a picture of this disappointment but it had almost no gravy and what it did have was like a white flavorless paste.  Sadly in spite of everyone else's rave reviews that led this place to pop up on my radar I will not likely be heading there again.  Closer to 1.5 stars.
5	Best kept secret around town...Place is a dive in a shady business complex and the burgers are soooo good!!  I will send eveyone I know there.
4	First time there. Nothing special about establishment, but it was clean.  Service- the cashier made some suggestions on the menu and was courteous.  I got the paradise burger with the addition of bacon and cheese.  Everything looked freshly cooked (beef and bacon).  The veggies looked fresh, and the cheese seemed like a thick slice cut from an actual block of cheese - not some imitation cheese-spread crap.  This $7 burger was well worth it based on the freshness of ingredients.  As for taste...well it tasted great.  I probably could have made just as good of burger on the grill at home with the same ingredients, but this was made for me in less than 10 minutes without the hassle.  I'll take it.  I only got a coke to go with it, so can't comment on any of the sides.
5	Pretty no frills interior when you walk in, but a very helpful and friendly staff greets you. I'm also pretty sure The Fresh Prince of Bel Air was playing when I walked in. After ordering, it only took a few minutes to get everything out. The fries were dusted with this delicious seasoning and tasted absolutely fresh. I ordered the brioche burger I believe, and it was incredible. Everything tasted fresh and hand made. The bun had a coating of brown sugar which gave it a little sweetness, but not overpowering. The cheese, meat, egg and ingredients were paired extremely well, and unlike major chains and other burger places, it didn't feel overly greasy or sloppy- perfect. There's so many unique burgers on the menu, so when I'm in the area I'll definitely be back. My first experience overall was excellent, probably one of the best burgers I've had in a long time.
4	The brioche burger was sloppy to eat but it tasted delicious. I wasn't expecting the brown sugar toasted bun but it complimented the brioche cheese nicely. The location is in a dumpy strip mall but the service was nice and the food was great. I also had the sweet potato tots. They were very good with a little Siracha / ketchup mix.
5	I passed by here a few times glad I finally stopped in excellent food better than those chain burger places this is why I go to non chain restaurant better quality better food. If you're in the area stop in definitely worth it
5	I can't belief hat I had never tried this place before.. Right here in my own backyard and not once it occurred to me that this place would be so great.I will be back many more times.
5	Amazing customer service! I loved my brule Burger, especially with the siracha! Fries were perfect! Sweet tots very good! Corn very yummy and a cool menu item I think. I also tasted the chipotle ketchup and I liked it.
5	I love this place so much. Serving sizes are perfect. Not too much that I feel disgusting but enough to be full.  Burgers are delicious! Yummy seasoned fries. The milkshakes are also amazing even though I can not often indulge. Yum yum
5	We found this little gem on yelp, the food was great! No frills as far as the setting but they serve yummy quality food. We ordered four different burgers and they were all excellent. The owner was super friendly, we plan on going again soon. We drove from East Mesa and we did not regret the ride.
4	The layout of this place is nice and simple. Food pictures on the wall made it helpful to choose what to eat on the menu. Staff members were nice, welcoming, and helpful. So i would say good service. Menu was small, but there is soo much you can do to customize your order. Thats what i liked about it. Food was tasteful! Flavors were good! I was happy with my order. I recommend this to people who love food and presentation and taste! Would i eat here again? Hell yea!
5	OMGTHE BEST burgers in North Phoenix. Makes all the other burger joints TASTE like dog food. I have eaten at all of them.The HabitSmash Burger5 GuysIn-and-OutThis place smokes them all!
4	Very good burgers!!! I'm happy to see another local business succeed. Looking forward to coming back soon.
3	The short version: Not bad, not great. A few problems, nothing major. The food was good... not great, but good.The long version: A friend and I met up here for lunch yesterday. Even though it was noon, the service was quick. Unfortunately, the floor was had been mopped with something that left a slick residue, and my friend (who was wearing flip flops) had to quickly find a seat so as not to fall. I, however, was wearing boots with heavy tread, so I had no problem. Our food arrived about 10 minutes after we sat down, and it was fresh and enjoyable, though it didn't stand out from other burgers I've had at places like 5 Guys. (I had the Paradise Valley Cheese Burger). The table was wobbly, and it was annoying enough to make me want to change places, but we were engrossed in conversation, so I decided to try to ignore it. The server did come around once to clear away trash and ask if we needed anything, and I wasn't expecting extra attention in a casual burger joint, so that was nice. However, when we left the restaurant at 1:30, the trash can that had been filled to overflowing during the lunch rush had not yet been emptied. That would have been gross enough on its own, but someone had spilled guacamole all over the opening of the trash can, down the side, and onto the floor in front of the can. This was the kind of trash can that you have to push open the flap on the front in order to dump your garbage inside, so it was rather disgusting to have to deal with that. For the two of us, lunch was about $22. That got us one burger, one side, and an ice water each.So, overall, it was a pretty decent place to grab a quick, freshly-made hot meal. Just don't expect too much.
3	This was my first time eating here.  I had a Paradise Burger with cheddar plus fries with a side of their 1000 Island blend. The meal was fairly good but also pretty surprising.  In my every day diet I tend to stay away from sugar.  I have it once in a while as a cheat treat.  Because of not eating it often,  I can tell without a doubt when I taste it,  and I tasted plenty in this meal.  Apparently they like to use sugar to put a different spin on their items.  The fries were liberally sprinkled with a sugar salt blend,  and either the cucumber or onion (maybe both!) had been soaked in sugar water.  It seems like there was sugar in the bun, too,  but I can't be sure,  it may have been from something else.  Today happened to be a cheat day for me,  (hence burger and fries) so this meal wasn't really a problem for me,  but I won't eat here on any kind of a regular basis because of it. This must be their trademark taste and if you love sugar,  this may end up being a favorite of yours. The 1000 Island blend is tasty,  I recommend it. Since I didn't try the Taco Salad or any other items,  I can't say if they have sugar. So,  all in all it was ok,  just know what you're ordering if you go there.
4	Best burgers we had in Phoenix and at great prices. Service was great too!
4	We stopped on the recommendation of a local where we are staying and we are both glad we did. Sweet potato tots were a real surprise, great flavor and no grease. The place doesn't look like much, but if the food is what you go for you won't be disappointed! The basic beef is super tasty with fresh, tasty rolls that would be good even without the gourmet touches. When the are finished dressing it, these burgers are to die for!
5	Some of the best fast food burgers I think  I've had. The only drawback was the guy had no patience when trying to order off such a huge menu. The burger was huge and juicy bun was great. In town for a week will try to hit this place again for another one burger before I split. This place is that good.
5	The best hidden secret in Phoenix. I love the addition of the cucumber on the burgers, they are always creative. The maple bacon pecan shake is also a must try for shake fans.
4	I don't get to eat here often but it's always good. I love the pickled onions and the buns are amazing.
