1	It seems every casino must have a steak house and an Italian restaurant.Continuing the great Las Vegas tradition of uninventiveness and mediocrity, Marinelli's is the Italian eatery at the new M Resort. (By the way, the steak house is called Terzetto...which frankly sounds like another Italian restaurant to me.)If last night's meal at Marinelli's is any indication, the M Resort is not much of a player in the intense competition for our gullets.THE DECOR: Whoever designed the room should be sent to Guantanamo for unconscionable acts of aesthetic terrorism. It looks and feels like a buffet with too-small tables and a generically psychedelic carpet (all the better to hide the stains I guess). Speaking of stains:  the bar at the front is odd. The counter was designed with a 4 inch slope on the outside edge. I guess cuz it looks nice. It wasn't so nice, however,  when I watched a man put his glass of beer down, then a second later see it slide off and break on the floor.THE FOOD: My steak was overcooked and had the consistency of a piece of choice-beef from Vons. My friend's Osso Bucco was cold and tasteless. My other friend didn't finish his risotto. I'm struggling to find something positive to say....hmmmm, let me think....Okay, okay I got it...the bread was pretty good. The rest of the experience was forgettable.THE RESORT IN GENERAL: It's nice although it doesn't look like a billion dollars to me. It's rather Red Rockish in overall feel. The bar upstairs at Veloce has a nice view...although they weren't equipped to make Absinthe in the proper way. My favorite part of the complex was The Hostile Grape: a comfortable, stylish room with a very good selection of wines by the glass, including a Sine Qua Non that is almost NEVER available by the glass. Those of you who know wine, know what I mean.Although I must warn you, the SNQ is $49.50 an ounce.....or maybe I should say it's $49.50 an OUCH!I'm not a buffet guy but the buffet at M Resort looked interesting. The line-up was certainly long enough. It's called Studio B and appears to combine the usual buffet experience with "Show Kitchen" entertainment where you see dishes being prepared. Perhaps I'll put a bag over my head and check it out one day.
4	We had a reservation for this place, and were seated immediately upon our arrival.  The table was well-set and the decor on the inside was under-stated and neat.  I liked it fine, and there seemed to be a lot of space, unlike other restaurants where you feel like you're crowded into other people's tables.  The servers were always well-dressed (especially the ladies..  All of M's ladies are very well-dressed, aren't they?).  Our main waiter was good, as well, and refilled the water glasses as quickly as we could drink them, and poured wine for us as well.  Very impressive was the tray of different kinds of breads, which a nice female server gave to each of us.  After sampling most of them, I liked the green olive and the sourdough the best.  The menu was actually quite affordable, ranging in price from $20 to $40 per plate, depending on what you ordered.  I myself had the lobster with shaved truffles and corn, and it was excellent.  The lobster was fresh and just the right (non-rubbery) consistency, and the accompanying sauce was amazing.  I almost wanted to drench everything in it, but thought better of it.  The lobster was pretty much the whole lobster, but the claws were missing...  Apparently they use the claw meat mainly for the lobster risotto, which someone else at the table got, and was stuffed full of lobster claw meat.  I had a taste of the lasagna as well, which was good, but not as good as my lobster, of course.  I did not sample the wine, but something i thought was odd was that they don't automatically provide lime with their Pellegrino...  I thought that was understood already, but I guess some people do like it without....  Someone had a birthday with us, so they gave us a free dessert tiramisu, which is to die for, and plenty to share with 3 or 4 (not too greedy) people.  They even gave us a candle, which is a nice touch.Overall a good experience.  Check out the entrance, too, it's rather striking.
3	We have dined twice at Marinelli's and though the room is very plain, the bar area and any table near the expansive windows is very nice.  On our first visit at around 5:30PM, we were unable to secure a table, but ordered off the menu at the bar.  We were soon brought a basket of bread with EVO/balsamic vinegar.   Since we were having our entrees at Veloce Cibo later in the evening, we decided to share an antipasti (San Daniele prosciutto, salami, mortadella, Reggiano parmersan, assorted olives and grilled vegetables) and an order of lightly breaded calamari accompanied by a fresh tomato sauce.  Everything, including service, was good, but not outstanding.   On our second visit less than a week later, we had a 7:30PM reservation, but it took about 5 minutes before a table was ready.  A bread basket and an EVO/balsamic vinegar mix were delivered to the table while we perused the menu.  We each ordered the grilled "sea bass" served over spinach and orange butter sauce.  In a service glitch we received a complimentary appetizer (mixed olives, prosciutto, parmesan cheese, and an artichoke hears) seconds prior to our entrees.   I enjoyed the sea bass, actually striped bass, while my wife was disappointed.  Overall the meal was only satisfactory.
3	The place was packed so we sat at the bar. Ambience was top-knotch and service from our bartenders was great. I did however have to wait 30+ minutes for a bread basket (despite asking for one). We tried...Kobe beef risotto with white cheddar - It did have a good amount of kobe (more than I expected!), but it also had mushrooms (why was this not mentioned in the menu!). While I love mushrooms this rendered the dish gross for my fiance. Overall it was good, but not great. Portion was huge.Pappardelle (veal bolognese) - wow, this dish was incredible. I almost want to give this place 4 stars we loved this dish so much! The portion was a decent sized, but not huge, and my fiance and I were definitely fighting over this one ! Great pasta, and the sauce was perfect.Chocolate zucotto - way yummier sounding on paper. nothing excitingI now scan the menu to jog my memory on what we ate a couple weeks ago when we were there I'm disappointed to notice they took all the prices down! The prices were relatively reasonable if I recall, but unfortunately I can't verify. Overall - Great ambience and beautiful patio. The pappardelle was amazing. I'll go back and give the place another shot. I'm hoping there are other yummy dishes on the menu to discover.
5	I can't say enough good things about Marinelli's.  The food is amazing ("homemade" pasta made fresh every day), service is top notch and friendly, prices are reasonable.  I've dined there several times, and have never been disappointed with their pasta dishes.  I've heard mixed reviews about the steaks, ... but quite honestly if you are going to an Italian restaurant for steak ... well, you get what you deserve.  I highly recommend the roasted peppers as an appetizer, along with the walnut and olive breads.     And the italian chopped salad is amazing, and quite reasonably priced.  Don't forget to grab a few chocolate mints as you're walking out the door.  I have friends who eat at Marinelli's just for the mints - they are that good.
4	This place is a mildly upscale Italian restaurant with good food.  I ordered the Lobster Risotto (I have a habit of trying any place's risotto, paella, or jambalaya).  I also shared a Caprese salad and tried a slice of someone's Veal Chop.  I was pretty impressed with everything that came my way.  One of the highlights is their selection of bread.  Someone periodically comes around and offers you slices of bread.  I especially enjoyed the walnut and raisin loaf.
4	I gave Marinelli's 4 stars but its not quite 4 for me but better than 3. The service is very good. Attentive, informative if you have questions and professional. The presentation of the dishes is quite nice. My date and I ordered The Caprese and Crab Cake roasted Artichoke. I was really impressed with the Caprese. The Crab Artichoke was good but not amazing.  The bread basket service was a nice touch and pleasant suprise. We  really enjoyed the olive bread and raisin bread but all were pretty good.  For entrees we order Capalinni  and Osso Bucco. Both had very nice presentation and tasted very fresh. The food was good. Wine selection by the glass is decent but not large. They have some nice selections.  For desert we had Tiramisu and Gelato. But looks great but were just slightly above average.  If cost was not a factor I would give Marinilli's a solid 4 stars but since it is pricey for Italian I expected more. For a nice place if you like the ambiance I would suggest Pane Vino. For food alone Nora's tops the list and Lucio is right behind it. Much better than Nove at Palms though. There are too many options to not be excellent and only be good or pretty good.  Its worth trying since everyone has different tastes but I think money could be better spent.
4	Sat at the bar and had dinner.  Great food.  Will be back soon!
4	Went to Marinelli's because I had a friend of mine staying at the Resort and what I found was a gem of a little restaurant.  The space is comfortable and the noise level was perfect.  Snag a seat next to the terrace and you have wonderful views all the way to the strip.  I love that they didn't start off by pushing Bottled Water on us and brought out some decent bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The wine menu was smart and affordable.  Its based of Italian regions and showed a nice blend of very drinkable and appropriate wines.  The food menu as well was very affordable and showed a nice balance between classic Italian favorites like Spaghetti Bolognese and Rigatoni and some more daring offers like Genoan Pesto Pasta and Osso Bucco.  I opted for the Shrimp Fra Diavolo and ordered a Caprese Salad for the table.  The Caprese came out in a generous size which is always appreciated in these days of the microscopic appetizer.  My Shrimp Fra Diavolo followed and the pasta couldn't have been cooked more al dente.  It was truly fabulous.  The shrimp also was very good but my only complaint would have been I would have like the sauce a tad more spicy as a true Fra Diavolo  should have a nice, strong kick to it and this was on the tame side.  My associate ordered the Spaghetti Bolognese and very much enjoyed it.  The only complaint was perhaps a bit to much salt, but he loved the very flavorful beef that blended so well with the light and subtle red sauce.  I'm also a huge fan of the grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese at the table side even though a lot of Italian foodies will tell you its a travesty to grate such an immaculate cheese for a simple topping.  Its so full of flavor that it should be eaten as a stand alone cheese.  Well thats true, but it does make a damn good topping!Unfortunately we didnt have room for a desert but their offerings looked intriguing.  Service overall was attentive and unobtrusive.  As mentioned before there were a couple small hiccups that Marinelli's had but overall its a brilliant choice if you ever find yourself down in those neck of the woods.  And therein lies another problem.  The M Resort is fabulous but if you live in most parts of the Valley, you might as well drive to California to get to its location at St. Rose and Las Vegas Blvd.  I cant wait to go back, I just need to save some gas money for the journey!
5	I've been back several times since my first review.  I love this place, it's consistent and I truly appreciate that.  The food is always great.  Last time I was there I had the tuscan white bean soup and the veal milanese.  Both were excellent.
5	I went to this location within the first few months that M opened up so it's been awhile. I will tell you it certainly shocked me on good and economic it was (considering the quality of the food). The interior of the restaurant is beautiful with a display of bread and anti-pastos in the center. Upon sitting down, we were given a small plate of anti-pastos and bread with olive oil and vinegar. Our server was attentive and the wine list was VERY well priced. I worked at a fine dining Italian restaurant on the strip at the time, and we were selling the exact same bottles of wine for double. We both ordered a glass of wine, and I ordered the arugula salad and he had the carpaccio. Both were excellent. For our entree's, he had the Veal Milanese and I had the Branzino. They were incredible. Seasoned and cooked to perfection. The presentation of the plates were clean and beautiful. All in all,  I think the bill came out to about $100. With tip it might of been $120-$130.  That seems a little steep, but you would easily pay $200 or more for a meal like that at any of the chef driven restaurants on the strip. It was superb. They also have an outdoor patio which is gorgeous, and we finished our glasses of wine outside enjoying the beautiful weather. All in all, I would most definitely go again. I especially want to try their creme brulee next time I do.
2	After the wonderful dining experience at Terra Rossa at Red Rock, Marinelli's didn't quite measure up. I wanted to like it but many factors waged in a war that dissuaded me from doing so...We arrived for dinner around 9:30 pm on a Saturday night with no reservations. The place was DEAD. With the exception of a couple patrons at the bar, we were the only customers in the entire restaurant. Well, look on the bright side, it'll be a nice, intimate & cozy experience (is what I was telling myself). Instead, it made for many awkward moments. Our server was very nice & friendly, as was the Front of the House Manager, and the expo that brought out our food (cuz our server was busy?? - insert dry sarcasm). But because we were the only ones there, everytime someone came to check on us, they seemed uncomfortable, like they were being intrusive which then made ME feel bad for them for having an empty restaurant!! Oh, did I mention the kitchen staff was taking full advantage of the empty house and whooping it up in the back?!! It was audiably clear... expo had to come by our table to apologize for the noise. I found it mildly amusing.Oh right!! The food - bread basket and complimentary olives plate was ok, again Terra Rossa's was far more superior. Shrimp Arrabiatta w/ linguini & fettucini Alfredo were nothing to write home about sadly. Really dull... something your roommate would whip up. Some pluses? Very extensive wine list with a great selection of by the glass choices. The restaurant itself has a beautiful layout and comfortable seating w/ plush high, circular booths, as well as low tables and cushioned chairs. It's got a lot of potential so I still have high hopes for it. Unfortunately, it just didn't deliver on this night.
3	Originally, I had wanted to take mom to the buffet in M Resort for her birthday.  The line was just too ridiculously long to wait.  My bf and I decided to look around and see what else is available in the casino and found Marinelli's.  There was no line, intimate setting, and a fine dining restaurant.  The hostess was very friendly and the smile on her face was just enough to think this might be a good place to celebrate mom's birthday.  Not only is there inside seating, but also patio seating.  Mom liked that idea and basked in the sunset lighting overlooking the majestic mountains.  Our server was courteous and friendly enough.  One good thing about him is that he's not overly friendly.  Sometimes, that can get annoying.  We got served water immediately, olive oil with balsamic vinegar and bread to go with it.  After ordering, we received a complimentary plate of olives, salami, assorted vegetables, and parmesan cheese.  This was definitely a good starter.Mom ordered their Spaghetti and Meatballs, Stepdad ordered the salmon, bf ordered pasta with beef, and I ordered Kobe Beef with risotto.  We also ordered two types of side salad: Caesar Salad, and garden salad.  The Caesar salad didn't have enough dressing on it for my liking.  I tasted mostly the romaine lettuce.  When all the plates arrived, all looked fantastic.  Mom and Stepdad definitely loved their dishes, the bf said it was good, and mine... hmmm... I should've ordered something else.  It was my fault really.  I forgot I was in an Italian restaurant and in my mind, when I think of Kobe Beef I think of Japanese style and flavor.  The Risotto was too salty, and the Kobe Beef didn't have enough good seasoning on it.  It just didn't agree with my pallet.  It was also my fault because the server did ask me how I liked the food.  I didn't have the nerve to speak up and say how I really thought of it.  Needless to say, my full plate spoke for itself.  I couldn't finish it.I rated it 3 stars just because I didn't like the food I ate and wasn't worth as much as I paid for it.  The ambiance and feel of it is a definite 5 stars.
4	We shared a Italian Chop Salad. It was very tasty, plenty for two. We then had Orecchiette with ricotta, roast chicken and spinach, and Onion and Cheese Risotto. Both dishes were rich, but very good. Only would've preferred smaller bites of chicken, some of the large chunks were dry. Service was good. It was a nice meal.Would like to return on a warm night without winds to sit on the outdoor patio..
4	I had no idea this place was THAT good!!  Went for a work dinner and was seated in the private dining room overlooking the pool and had a door connecting to the high roller room so I could stay on top of the Celtics/Lakers game..fn Lakers.  I started w/ the caprese salad ($12).  By far the greatest caprese salad I've ever had.  I'm not sure how much crack/cocaine was put in the cheese but suffice to say it was enough to rock my world.  I was torn w/ either getting the a pasta as I'm a sucker for handmade pasta on the premises...the rigatoni with braised beef, sweet potatoes and tomatoes sounded awesome or the lamb chops or the osso buco.  I eventually went w/ the osso buco ($42) since I wasn't footing the bill :) Wow...the mushroom risotto combined w/ a super juicy piece of meat on top was incredible.  I might have blacked out for a couple of seconds but who knows.  Too full for dessert...guess I'll have to do that next time.
5	Excellent food, amazing 5 star service. Loved it! House wine is amazing! Can Franc is a must.
5	My word for Marinelli's is CONSISTENT.  This place is consistently excellent.  I've been about 10 times now and I've tried different things each time. Not because I don't love what I had the previous time but I'm so excited to try something new and love it just as much!  I usually sit at the bar when I go but on rare occasions sit at a table.  The service at either the bar or table are always excellent.  If you want a superb meal don't pass this place up!!
3	Several of our friends had advised us the food was great, so we decided to check it out for ourselves. We had friends over and especially one from France for a special occasion.Location - Where is the signage at?  Took us a bit to find it as there is very little signage for this restaurant at the M Resort, but we did eventually stumble upon it.Reservations - Very nice, accommodating and easy to make changes. My party changed from 6 to 7 and they had no issues, especially as it was a holiday weekend and a Saturday as well (Thanksgiving.Bar Service - Very attentive and relaxing. I enjoyed it.Food Service - Not bad, but not great either. Wine knowledge seems a bit mundane, especially if you are a novice like me, but at the end, the waiter did finally suggest a nice wine and a reasonable price and it was very enjoyable.  Menu -  Bread selection is fine, but a bit sparse in quantity. I think that this should be fine though , as you do not want to load up on this stuff.  They also serve some antipasto at the table as a courtesy with the bread and that is good, especially the Gran Padano cheese, which is a hard Parmesan type of cheese in larger chunks. This is great tasting.  Overall selection of food on the menu was extensive.Menu Quality - Whenever I am at an Italian restaurant, I test it by the quality of the Osso Buco which is a veal shank and with bone marrow.  I finished about 30% of it, as it was okay, but a bit overcooked. The risotto it was on was great, but oddly, they do not provide you with the small spoon to scoop out the bone marrow from the shank, which is an essential part of the meal as far as I am concerned.  The Chop salad was great.Dessert - Surprisingly good, but very small in quantity.  Perhaps exactly what we all need, especially after the Thanksgiving weekend.  Just don't expect large portions. I will go back for sure as the ambiance is quite nice.  The food is fine and I would like to try it again as so many friends have raved about this place, and maybe I was just a bit off that night.......
2	Hidden in the M Resort, Marinelli's is an average restaurant at best. The hostess was friendly and welcoming. The atmosphere was comfortable. A little warm. I ordered bruschetta for an appetizer and gnocchi for my entree. The entree came first for some reason. The waiter was very apologetic. I was disappointed in the bruschetta anyway when it did come out. It was served in large portions and lacked the flavor and quality I have experienced at other Italian places. The gnocchi was good but I've def had better. I would have given this one star had I not gotten my meal at half off and my appetizer comped. I'll probably never eat here again. There are much better places to eat especially if you have to pay full price.
4	Came here for the happy hour. They have 5 drinks priced at $5 and they have 7 appetizers priced at $7The drinks were amazing due to our having a fantastic bartender named PJ..I actually went to the Facebook page to give him props since he was so fab to us.They have this wonderful app thats a fried asparagus..it has a light tempura coating and comes with a garlic aioli thats addicting.We also had some polenta fries with a spicy dipping sauce. Those were good but will order a double of the asparagus next time.It was a great ending to a great day.
4	This was a wonderful surprise.  The wait staff was attentive and made great suggestions.  They had the best bread I have ever eaten-raisin nut that was better than any other raisin/nut bread.  Every bite had raisins and nuts and the crust was crusty.  Absolutely delicious.  We had a bread soup which the waiter suggested and it was quite good. Luckily, I ate so much bread, I wasn't starving, because the prawns stuffed with crab and spinach only came as 3 prawns on the plate and if you were really hungry you would come away hungry.  For my mother's birthday they gave her Italian doughnuts which came with an array of toppings which she thoroughly enjoyed.
5	Warm and inviting service; great food; nice atmosphere! Highly recommend. Can't say enough about the great service. exceptional!
5	I ate at Marinelli's again on Thursday July 28, 2011. The food was amazing, the service was stellar and the atmosphere...warm as usual. Highly recommended. Delicious!!!
4	Came here with a friend after spending a few hours at the pool. We both got the set meal, which was perfect, because we were pretty hungry. The restaurant overlooks the pool and the windows let in a lot of light so the room has a nice airy feel. The cheese was really good. As was the bread. Actually, our whole meal was really awesome but for some reason, the cheese and bread really stand out to me. Would love to come back; it's a perfect place to unwind after a day at the pool.
4	Excellent date place.  32 bucks for a three course meal, you cannot beat that.
3	This place is mediocre and once you factor in the price its just not worth it. There are better places in the area and definitely better on the strip for the same price.
5	I came to Marinelli's with my husband and daughter to celebrate my 2 year cancerversary. For appetizers we chose the crispy calamari, the bruschetta, and the beef carpaccio. Everything tasted the way you expect it to taste. Delightful, we were very happy.Our main dishes included the baked lasagna, the linguini con vongole, the spaghetti & meatballs. We loved the Italian food, and we will go back for sure. But it not only tasted delicious, it was presented in a beautiful and artful manner. You can tell, the chef loves his job! The wine choice was a Francis Ford Coppola Merlot - lovely!And besides the food, the staff is very pleasant, very professional, and friendly. They are very polite and don't interrupt guests when they are in the middle of a conversation. (which often happens in restaurants, and that disturbs me very much!)Thanks to the Marinelli's staff! A great place! We loved it so much, we will go back for sure!
5	Staying at the M Hotel for a work conference and decided to try out Marinelli's inside the hotel.Excellent food and service!!!!!!!!Everyone at our table thoroughly enjoyed everything that was ordered, from the apps to the main course and especially the wine list!!!!!Our server, Doug was great too!
4	Very good restaurant and fantastic wait service.Start off with 2 kinds of fresh bread and oil & vinegar.  So good you can't eating!  Had their green salad and it was a fairly big portion.  Very fresh.Had the Linguine Vongole (Clams) - very good and tasty.  It was served in a big bowl.  I had the white wine sauce.  I'd come back again and have their steaks next time!
3	Been here numerous times before and the food and service was excellent, this last time the soup was salty, the sauce was salty , server was good but not excellent, it took  at  least 45 minutes to receive our main entree,
2	Hmm...  Such a disappointment.  Caesar salad was pretty awful, but the real disappointment was the "Margarita Pizza".  OMG how can I describe this...  instead of any semblance of fresh tomatoes, cheese, etc it was just a yellow bland scary looking and tasting thing.  Nothing about this pizza was fresh or even remotely tasty.  Think first generation frozen pizza that you can microwave. This restaurant is in the M Resort so the audience may be somewhat captive.  I stay at the M frequently.  I have noticed a significant change in the place since it was bought out by Penn National Gaming, unfortunately the changes are all to save money.  Message to the management: We noticed.However, I'm not sure Marinelli's was good ever, this restaurant is just not where you would go for good Italian food.
4	We didn't really come here by choice, but by necessity. Two hungry and cranky toddlers needed to be fed and we had just arrived from the airport and checked into the hotel. But what a great forced decision it turned out to be. The meal itself was rather expensive, but the food was absolutely delicious. We went family style and ordered the pear and blue cheese salad, crispy calamari, steamed mussels, spaghetti bolgonese, baked lasagna, wild mushroom tortellini, capellini, and one of the specials of the day: salmon with linguine. All ingredients tasted fresh, each pasta was extremely good and noodles were all well cooked. I was especially a fan of my pick of the mushroom tortellini. You could smell the truffle oil and the mushroom sauce was delicious. Service was also top notch. Our server was on top of things, constantly clearing plates, refilling our waters, and bringing new plates or utensils when necessary. I'm now officially a fan of two restaurants inside the M Resort.
2	I went to Marinelli's with a small group of people at 5:00 on a Friday evening and from the minute we sat down I could tell that we were going to have problems with the waiter. We informed him that we would like separate checks and he curtly informed us that they did not do separate checks. I could understand if they had been very busy but they were pretty empty. I asked to speak to the manager and she told me that it would not be a problem and that it was done all the time. Then he took forever to bring our drinks and to return to get our dinner orde. When the food came out the portions were small and nothing to write home about. I ordered "prawns" which consisted of 4 shrimp albeit they were large , but certainly not worth the money. The waiter barely checked on us and our water gasses went un refilled for most of the evening. When it was check time the waiter dis courteously informed us that it would take awhile to get done. I could have understood if it was a very large party, but there were just six of us there. We paid and hurried out of there.Against my better judgement we went there with another group of friends on another night about a year later thinking maybe it was just that server. The drinks took forever to be delivered and the food was not delivered much better. Some people were almost finished eating before others had even been served. I was one of the forgotten. I called the manager over and she hurried off and assured me that mine was a priority and would be brought out pronto. I had ordered Maine Lobster and it came out very under cooked and needless to say I could not eat it. We were running late to go dancing so we asked for the checks. Oh boy what another fiasco. The waiter brought out some checks while totally forgetting about the others. A very mild mannered friend was so upset I could hear him speaking to the manager all the way across the room and he was not pleased to say the least. I will never return to Marinelli's in the M Resort. I love the M the lounges and other restaurants and cafes but Marinelli's was a disaster twice!
2	Came here on a Friday night with a date after hearing that the butternut squash ravioli was pretty good (which my date agreed with).The setting here is very nice, with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the pool area and Vegas skyline and modern decor (similar to the resort itself).I ordered the lasagna which was OK.  I was disappointed with the portion size being small and not very fulfilling.  It also was a lasagna which didn't have many layers and was very cheesy making the meat separate a bit.  Bread and oil was served before the course as well.The service here was crazy inconsistant.  Refills were prompt and prior and during the meal the waiter was very attentive and checked on us frequently (almost too much)  But then when it came to get the check he took forever to drop it off and pick it up (approx 15 min).  We were trying to catch a movie @ South Pointe and ended up having to re-route to Town Square because of this.I think the ambiance is awesome, the food can be found better at another restaurant in town and the delay in service left a bad ending impression.
2	We were there the other night with a party of 7, and had a reservation for 7:30pm.  When we arrived at the hostess stand no one was there for about 5 minutes.  Eventually a young lady seated us and said our server would be with us right away.  15 minutes later our irritated table was greeted.  He made us feel like a complete incovenience.  After someone came by and gave us water and bread, we waited 20 MINUTES for our server to come back over and take our order.  We hadn't even had our drink order taken at this point.  Bread and water had run out.  I had to personally wave down our server to come take our order and even then he checked on 3 other tables before coming over to us.  So, finally we get our wine and beverages and then he runs off again.  We ran out of bread and water all over again.   The restaurant was not busy by any means.  So, our food comes, my eggplant parmesean is cold and tastes like cardboard, and 2 gnocchi dishes that came out were so over cooked it was uneatable. Since nobody cared to come check on us until I had to wave down the server again, their food was't returned till everyone was almost done.  In need of a meal to come out quick, they both ordered ravioli to replace the gnocci.  The ravioli took over 25 minutes.  Lets be honest.  It's noodles.  Pop them into their already-boiling water for 5 minutes and done.  But nope, 25 minutes later they get their meals.  In the meantime, we have a table full of dirty dishes.  I went to the hostess stand to ask for a manager since one was nowhere to be found and she said I could have a seat and someone would be with me shortly. She had no idea I was already dining.  I said no, and wanted to see a manager immediatly as we hadnt received the other meals at that point and we had a table full of dirrty dishes.  Eventually about 5 minutes later a manager comes over.  Not only do we have a laundry list of things wrong, one of the raviolis has a black hair in it.  The ONLY reason why this restaurant got 2 stars, was because of the managers service, even though with a large party in a not-busy restaurant, you'd think a manager wouldve come over at some point to just say hi. This was supposed to be a special dinner to celebrate our engagement and it was a complete disappointment.  We are locals and we will never be back.
2	Not worth the trip out of the strip
3	Met some friends here for a surprise birthday dinner. The restaurant ambiance was very pleasant.  Everything was clean and spacious. Our waitress was absolutely wonderful.  She was very attentive and gave us great service throughout our meal. I had the Pacific Salmon.  The portion size was good.  It wasn't overly filling but enough to satisfy my appetite. It was cooked perfectly but lacked in flavorful sauce or marinade.  I had expected a little more for a $30 piece of salmon without sides. I suppose the average meal brought down my rating for this restaurant.  This was our first visit to this restaurant.  I can always give it a second chance and see if they can bring up my rating.
4	3.5 starsCame here for the first time as a party of 7 for a friend's birthday party.  The setting is intimate with comfortable and simplistic decor and live piano entertainment.  When we arrived to check in with our reservation there was no one to seat us for a couple of minutes.  This is a big no-no to me.  I think someone should always be manning that front area.  But once we were greeted it was service with a smile from there on out.  Our server gave us space and time to look over the menu while never leaving us alone for too long. I ordered the four cheese ravioli and, although the sauce and ravioli were delectable, I ended up not being fulfilled.  I admit, I'm not one of those "I'll have a salad and a diet coke" kind of girls, so I may not be the best judge of this, but I felt my portion was too small and I was actually still hungry afterwards.  The ravioli are not large and there were 6 of them.  As far as fine dining goes, the prices were not horrible but, for the price of the dish, I hoped to be satiated at the end of the meal.The guest of honor was given a complimentary creme brule and the musician sang happy birthday for him and personally greeted him towards the end of our meal.  A very nice touch.  The wait staff was very attentive and service was terrific all night.   They were very gracious when the birthday boy was mistaken on a type of wine he ordered and they happily returned the bottle and helped to figure out which one he was thinking of.  Overall nice decor, good service and food, but prices and portions don't seem to match.
2	Marinelli's is a nice looking restaurant, but our meal was mediocre and the staff was inattentive, at a time when the restaurant wasn't even busy.   I started with the Pear and Blue Cheese salad.  It was the only part of the meal that was ok.  The salad was followed by the Ricotta Gnocchi Alla Piemontese and the Chicken Al Mattone - both of which were recommended by the server.  Though the gnocchi itself was pretty good, the ragu was very salty.  Also the broth that surrounded the chicken and drench the escarole was extremely salty and difficult to eat.  We also ordered a side of jumbo asparagus.  Unfortunately, it finally arrived at the moment we finished our entrees, so we asked the server to take it back.Unfortunately, I won't be back.
5	This was our first time staying at the M and dining at Mainelli's. I have to say we had an incredible meal here on Saturday. Our service was excellent, the prices reasonable and the food exceeded our expectations.All 5 of us had different menu items and we all agreed that each item was excellent. In my opinion, if you are looking for a good Italian dinner you will be very happy with this choice.
4	We have been here several times over that past two years and have seen some changes.  The food is always good, portion sizes are good.  Wine list is always fab!  Service is good.  Last visit was for my husband's birthday and the piano player even sang Happy Birthday to him.  It was a nice touch.
4	Excellent service! Great hospitality and good food.
3	Staff was rude. Thank God at least our food was delicious... we had penne alla vodka, linguini con vongole, alaskan halibut, and lobster and shrimp risotto.
4	This was our second time here, we made reservations at the same time we booked our trip to Las Vegas. We started off with a salad and the antipasto platter which was a lot of food in itself.  I had the special which was an 18oz bone in ribeye. My wife had the linguini with clams. Both dishes were superb, the steak was one of the best I'd ever eaten. One thing to mention, ask the waiter TWICE about the specials, I didn't hear him mention the salmon or another dish, but did hear him mention it to other tables, I'll be sure to browbeat them about it next time to make sure I know all my options.But this was a wonderful experience, we'll be back!
2	I tried.The space is beautiful and upscale; suggestive of competing with those other joints further north on LV Blvd.  The views are great.  And we had a lot of people "attending" to our table.  Those are the hits...all three of them.We were here on a Thursday night for a birthday dinner.  There were three other dining parties seated throughout the restaurant.  Despite it being that empty, not a single table was seated near a window to take advantage of the sunset view...but perhaps that's just how things are done.  To service the four dinner parties were several waitstaff: it appeared we had two servers and two bussers assigned to our table.  Unfortunately, we did not see them very often past the appetizer course.  Maybe they got to go home.  Maybe they went on break.  Maybe it was the fact that we were there for three hours.  Three hours can be broken down (roughly), as follows: 30 minutes to place our order, 30 minutes for our appetizers to come out, almost another hour before we received our entrees and 30 minutes to get desert (which we also asked for the check concurrently so that we could leave).  Keep in mind we had two kids with us, who, by the time their BUTTERED NOODLES came out 2 hours after we were seated, were absolutely famished and inhaled their dinner.  I guess we should have asked for the noodles to come out with the appetizers (our bad), but who would've though it would take ONE HOUR for entrees to follow the apps?So, needless to say we weren't all that happy about the service and timing of the food delivery.  That in and of itself does not warrant 2 stars.  To say the food was a disappointment is far too kind.  The salad appetizers were decent...just salads.  The calamari was cooked nicely and had a really good lemon sauce.  Out of the five different entrees, only one was good: the osso bucco had a good sauce and was fairly tender...though the accompanying risotto was severely overcooked.  The lobster and shrimp risotto (ordered by two people) were also overcooked and had absolutely no texture to them, on top of smelling overly fishy and tasting like sea water...in other words: inedible.  I really wanted to like this place.  Even though the food was sub-par, the restaurant was was nicely decorated.  But I already said that didn't I?  Oh well, I tried.
2	My friend and I stayed at the M resort the other weekend and we at dinner at Marinelli's- I ordered the Garganelli which was decent but my friend ordered the lasagna which was covered in melted cheese and sauce and was cold/not fully cooked in the middle. She brought this to the waiter's attention but he was not very helpful (partially because it was the end of the meal time and this was because he never really came back to our table to check on us). The waiter was, however, very accommodating when the couple next to us complained about something being too spicy, which he promptly removed it and took it off their bill. The service was not great in my opinion and the food was just okay.
4	I had a gift certificate so I figured I might as well use it.Atmosphere/decor was very nice. The location in the building is ideal because they have a nice view. The only booths that they have are located right by the kitchen so it was a little loud and I had to speak a little louder during conversation.Our waitress Charity was very nice. The menu has a decent selection considering its authentic Italian food. The wine list for bottles was pretty extensive.We ended up getting the mozzarella impanata for an appetizer, the salmon dish, and the beef filet. They were all delicious. I asked for a recommendation on what wine is best and our waitress recommended the Pinot Grigio. I was happy. The only problem I had was I asked for my beef filet to be good medium rare but it was more on the medium to almost medium well side. Other than that no other complaints. They pay attention to refilling water cups pretty well too.
2	Nothing remarkable about this restaurant.  The Italian food is just average.  GF and I had two different entrees.  Neither was especially good.  She had chicken piccata and the meat was tough and veiny.   I had shrimp linguini.  Four (4) medium to small shrimp in a bowl of pasta half filled with water.  Even the waiter remarked that the chef failed to drain the water properly.  I had to send it back and ask that it be re-made.  After that, it was only fair.  There are tons of good Italian restaurants in Vegas.  Chose another.
2	Meh, not impressed. The portions are small which is fine, it's the pasta that's the problem. Way undercooked pasta, with watered down sauce.....yuck !! And it's a pasta place!!!!!!!!!!!! The chicken piccata and veal marsala were fine, as well was the bean soup & Caesar salad. Ordered the broccoli rabe, it was over cooked to the point of almost mush. The best thing we had was the caesar salad.
4	This is another 3.5 star restaurant on Yelp that I feel is a little more deserving of 4 - 4.5 stars rather than the 3.5 it actually has. As you can see by my checkins, I've been here a couple times. I started coming here right before they moved. I was actually quite worried because I had fallen in love with one of their dishes and was told by my waiter that the restaurant was closing for remodeling in a week and they weren't sure if they would even have a Marinelli's at the M Resort anymore. Just my luck! And whatever they were putting there was top secret and even staff wasn't privy to what was happening. I was so bummed because I had finally found a place where I could get my pasta with vodka sauce craving in check, as evidenced by the Yelp tip I left here & now, in the blink of an eye, everything was all in limbo. Well... what ended up going down was that they remodeled the old Marinelli's spot and gave that space to the new Jayde Fuzion restaurant and moved Marinelli's to where the old Anthony's Oyster Bar once was & renamed it Marinelli's Pasta Bar. I was pleased to see that I didn't lose my beloved restaurant after all! I have major issues with losing a faved place to order Penne ala Vodka ever since Ago in the Hard Rock closed down. I still have yet to recover from that whole experience and have been searching high and low for a similar place to get my fix ever since. So... I always order the same thing here. I get the Penne ala Vodka off the menu but then I get all high maintenance on them and have them add prosciutto (to make it like the dish I fell in love with at Ago) along with roasted garlic slices & crushed red pepper flakes. I recommend my fave concoction with a glass of the Prisoner wine. I also really enjoy their Caprese Salad.Service is excellent here... Particularly if you sit at the bar. The seating is very comfortable and there's plenty of room, so you aren't giving up anything by sitting at the bar as opposed to a table. Plus, if you need anything, there are at least two chefs right there cooking in front of you that you can ask as well as your waiter.I must say a big thank you to the M Resort for keeping Marinelli's around. I am going to keep patronizing their restaurant for as long as I am eating carbs. :)
3	I have been here many times. However on my most recent visit I was rather disappointed. They changed the menu and its really not as good anymore. I mean they charge more for some things and give you less. And on top of it they STOPPED MAKING CANNOLIS! I probably won't go back.
2	They stopped making Canolis and they are inside of Anthony's it looks terrible with the checkered table cloths in Anthony's. It just looks weird to have this place inside a fine dining place.  You get confused as to Anthony's or Marinelli's. I do not like the high tables, very uncomfortable. It took Anthony's down several notches in my book!!! Just not the same.
5	I ate here the other night and thought it was great all around! We had a nice waitress that knew what she was doing, our appetizer, main dishes and dessert all tasted excellent!! I will definitely be coming back here all the time!
4	I ate there for dinner last night for the first time.  I was not expecting to eat Italian food,but was sorely disappointed in the service and/or wait for AYCE sushi at Jayde Fuzion next door (there will probably be a separate review for that).  However, I was pleasantly surprised with the restaurant and food.  I was served two dinner rolls with olive oil and balsamic already at the table, both great tasting.  I then ordered the caprese salad, which had sliced heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzrella on a bed of arugula.  It was perfectly seasoned and dressed, and tasted fresh.  For my entree I ordered linguine with clams (comes in either white wine sauce or red sauce, I chose white) and thought it was quite delicious. The sauce felt delicate and light, but was packed with flavor.  I am a fan of garlic, so garlic haters beware, but there was a lot of sliced garlic in the dish.  I loved it!  My friend ordered seafood linguine with red sauce, and he also had no complaints.  The menu does not have a lot of items, but I prefer less items made well, then many items that taste mediocre.  Service was fine, I really have no complaints there.
2	Two stars is generous. We had a lot of problems and the food was subpar. We went with a party of 6. Me and my daughter had their Thanksgiving prefix menu, two others had the salmon medallions and two veal marsalas. For each course the food was delivered at different times... Half our table had to wait for the other half, which meant cold food. The butternut squash soup was delicious. Absolutely wouldn't change a thing. The salads were very good as well. The turkey itself was alright, green beans good. The stuffing was overly mushy and just tasted like turkey fat. Didn't care for the cranberry sauce. The salmon was dry. Side orders of spinach were excellent but the broccoli was too oily. The service staff kept forgetting our drinks. We had to order 3 times before we got our beer. When the food came out no one knew what belonged to who. It appeared like the service staff was trying to serve in accordance with steps of service but really didn't know what they were doing. Lastly, the dessert. If you like tiramisu, do not order theirs. It's cake style, very simple. Nothing great. The pumpkin pie that they served for thanksgiving was good. The crust unfortunately ruined it for me. That, and the ice cream that was served came melted on my plate (not the presentation the chef intended, I'm sure). My daughter's was very nice. Overall, for their style of restaurant and menu, I was not impressed. Primarily, their staff needs to be better trained in service.
3	I ate at marinelli's pasta bar last night for a late Christmas dinner with my girlfriend, the pasta was great. Our entrees were chicken piccata and veil marsala they were really well made dishes. What I most enjoyed was the pasta which is additional but well worth it because it really completes the dish since they pour the sauce over it. The sauce was a little watered down but all in all they were both pretty good.Now my biggest disappointment was the calamari which was an epic fail. I took one bite and had to spit it out. It was rubbery, not crispy the batter didn't taste well. It really made for a bad first impression. When it comes to the service it was really great. He checked up on us often and treated us very well so the service really elevated this rating. I don't think I will be making it back to this pasta bar doesn't have much to draw you back.
