5	Fast, friendly and good food.
4	Part of my Pizza Bender 2011 Edition, I stopped by this place and decided to give their 2 Slice special a try.  2 Slices of Cheese Pizza & a fountain drink for $5.....pretty good deal.  I added Sausage & Pepperoni for an additional $1 ($.50 per topping).The joint is decked out in Boston photos and memorabilia.....be prepared to get a talking to if you walk in here with other sports teams gear.  A guy with a Lakers hat was catching some guff from the owner.  It was all in good fun and they were both having fun talking a bit of trash about the other team.  Hilarious.After a few minutes my Pizza came out.  It's a thin Crust variety, very similar to NY Style.  I'm not calling it NY Style because it's a Boston Pizza joint.  The slices are pretty big and you have to fold it if you want to eat it with your hands.....I like it better that way.  The Pizza was pretty good....above average.  I thought the Sausage was much better than the Pepperoni.  The Pepperoni wasn't anything special.  The Cheese was gooey and had good flavor.  I didn't have to add anything to the Pizza, I enjoyed it as is.Overall, It's a pretty good Pizza.  If I could, I'd give it 3.75 Stars, but I'm rounding up here.Return Factor - 60%....would be higher if I lived nearby.
5	I don't care that the Supreme Pizza is $18. Yes, you can get a cheaper 16" pie from a corporate chain, but who cares about corporate anything anymore? Besides, the prices on all of their other items are low enough to make up for it.The "gem" for me, though, is Pizza By The Slice. I have been searching around the west side of Vegas, for what seems like forever, looking for an authentic East Coast (a.k.a. "thin crust style") Pizzeria that does pizza by the slice. And I have finally found it, my new love, Bambino's. $2 a slice or two slices plus a fountain drink for $5. What makes a better lunch?The joint is owned and operated by a husband/wife team from Boston. I got to meet Liz today, the matriarch of said team. She's incredibly friendly and I can't wait to go back.Support "Mom & Pop" shops!  :^D
5	Well my (now) ex-boyfriend is from Boston, so we came to Bambino's a lot. I just love pizza in general but Bambino's is oh-so-good and their hot wings are awesome. The staff are all very friendly and fun and actually get to know you instead of treating you like just another customer. Someday, Tony will remember my name but in the meantime, I will continue to come here (while my ex is at work). hehehe just kidding!
3	Decent but overpriced for the money. The basic cheese pizza seemed flavorless to me. The cheese wasn't memorable and the sauce was non-existent. For comparison, a  similar and similarly priced pie at Rocco's in Summerlin was much better. The Margherita pie was better and the service was good so that accounts for the 3 stars. I will probably give them another shot since they are close.
2	ordered for dilivery.....medium meat lovers with mushrooms which they forgot to put on my pizza....didnt bother calling back because i was hungry and didnt feel like waiting for  them to correct my order......what is the policy for messing up orders anyway?
1	We ordered a meat lovers pizza and added mushrooms. When the pizza was delivered, I opened the box and wondered if the delivery guy had snacked on the meat and all the mushrooms on his drive to our house because there was absolutely very little meat and no mushrooms AT ALL!!  Very disappointed. Seems like the pizza was really made for a bambino (little kid)!!
5	I love this place...  Having moved here from New York I have found it next to impossible to find good pizza in this city.  Well look no further, if you want good pizza this is the place for you hands down!
5	Some of the best pizza in town! The $5 for 2 slices and a soda is perfect for lunch and I can never finish it. Huge slices, the sauce is great, cheese is creamy & gooey and the crust is thin & crisp, but foldable. The staff is always warm and friendly as well. It's a true mom-and-pop-shop type place, which I am all about supporting. They make you feel welcome and always chat with the customers. It makes me feel at home to see the owner/hubby in his recliner chowing down on their food watching some kind of sports game. I haven't tried the meatballs, but have seen them served and they look awesome. It is on my to do list for sure.
5	Meatball sub is a must try. Meatballs are tender, sauce is great and bread is good and crusty. Top it with cheese of course.White pizza was good. It was a little dry for my taste, but full of flavor. The ricotta was super creamy, garlic didn't overpower, and crust was perfect.
4	Bambino's is right up the street from me, so after scoping the place out for several months during my morning runs, I purchased their LivingSocial deal and finally got take-out from here one night.  Overall I was very satisfied with the food -- it was very reasonably priced and most importantly, really good!! Here's what we got:Garlic Knots ($3) - 6 jumbo buttery garlic knots almost the size of my fist (though I do have kind of small hands, hehe) with lots of marinara sauce - YUM!!!Chicken Wings ($6) - 10 large breaded chicken wings tossed in your choice of sauce.  These were awesome and at only $6 for 10 wings, a nice deal!16" Large Meatball Pizza ($13.50) - This is a BIG pizza for a pretty good price; great sauce, crust, cheese... definitely skimpy on the toppings though; I would've expected double the amount of meatballs :(Despite the lack of pizza toppings, I'd totally go back here because the food was great and you definitely get a LOT of it for your money.  Service was good too and as someone from New England, it was nice to hear the Boston accent :) I look forward to going back!
4	A place after my own heart. From the parking lot, I could see the Boston sports memorabilia and I was already a fan. Then we talked to the guys who own it, who the people I was with were good friends with, and they were such great guys. The food was so good. We had the garlic knots, mozzarella sticks, and then pizzas. I was stuffed upon leaving, but I was a happy camper. They also had televisions playing college football, which made the experience even better.The only this that could have made this experience top notch? If they served beer. I was dying for one with the delicious pizza. But besides that, I definitely give this place an A, and will try to go back next time I am in town.
4	The wife and I are huge fans of this place. The atmosphere is family-friendly, the ownership and employees are friendly, and the food.... the food is excellent. I am currently in love with the mini-stromboli. Single serving size Strombolis with pepperoni and ricotta cheese. Every so often they will bring a surprise item to the menu. Join their e-mail list for specials like 2 for 1 Pizzas or Spaghetti.
3	Good things first.  Delivery was very fast (20-25 minutes).  Sauce was great, good crust and the price was right.I'm a chicago pizza person so i like a ton of cheese.  I ordered extra cheese and there was as much cheese as i'd expect without extra cheese.  The sausage was good but it was very sparse, they definitely don't load you down with toppings.
5	It's a small place, and we were a big group of ladies out for our once a month Ladies' Night Out.  We kinda took over the place and were a little loud, but that's because we were having such a good time and stuffing our faces on what turned out to be great food.  Since we all ordered what we wanted but ended up sharing, there was a big assortment of items to try.  Three friend and I shared a white pizza, which was scrumptious, and a large salad that, thankfully, was romaine and not iceberg, which had a very good ranch dressing that we had on the side.  There were other dressings to choose from.We also got to sample the garlic knots, veggie pizza, and the calzone.  Everything was terrific, but the calzone was extra wonderful!  What I love most about Bambino's pizza is that the crust is not overly salty; so many other pizza joints drown their crusts in salt.  This one was perfect, and crispy, just the way I love it.  The white pizza had just the right amount of chopped garlic, creamy ricotta, and extra seasonings that bumped it up several notches in flavor.Great service, too, from a family-owned establishment that I hope will be around for a long time.
4	Good pizza, thin crust, nice amount of sauce and cheese. The salad was fresh, crisp, and very large.  Excellent lunch deal: pizza, salad, and a drink for around $7.
5	Great place! I have been coming here since the first week they opened.  Pizza is excellent and service is top notch. Owners are great people.  A small place with welcoming atmosphere.
4	Awesome lunch specials. the pizza is very yummy but the best thing is their calzone. size portions are huge.
1	Skimpy toppingNot well distributed, so half your slice has no topping Makes a lot of mistakesTook an hour for the last 2 deliveries And the staff isn't very nice. I'm DONE with them!
5	Love this place. If you are looking for a great tasting spaghetti and meatball dinner or penne pasta and meatballs look no further! Trust me you will not be disappointed. You can't beat the price or the taste if you go anywhere else. My husband Eric and i are just hooked! We just love their meatballs. My husband orders the garlic knots all the time and they are so good! . We have dealt with a lot of pizza places here in Vegas and this one is definitely one of our favorites. They are so nice too. I have also ordered the meatball parmesan sub over a dozen times. It is so delicious! One of my favorites at Bambino's. After reading these reviews now I am dying to try their calzones! I hope this place never goes out of business. We just love it. The pasta dinners are only $7 bucks, where can you get that anywhere else???? I'm so sick of these pizza places that charge you $13 bucks for spaghetti and meatballs.Really????  Thank You Bambinos for the great value for the dollar! You guys are awesome!!!!!!!
5	Simple and bomb food. Nice little nook in the wall, great to chill and enjoy pizza.
4	I love Bambino's. It is within walking distance from my place and they have a great $16 special-lg cheese pizza and wings. It's not world's greatest pizza ever but it definitely gets the job done.Check them out.
5	Just had their special 2 slices of cheese and a soda! Very big slices nice and thin and crispy! Very good!
5	I love this place.  I wanted a calazone, they make strombolies.  She just stepped up to the plate, and said, I will make what you want! (cool)  So I told her  Just don't use the cheese that looks like cottage cheese.   So when I got it, it was so pretty, nice and golden brown.  IIt was love at first bite! Everything was just perfect!  I will take that ride to go and get it again!
4	I had the cheese pizza and zeppole, both were very good. The service was friendly, but not fantastic. Definitely worth the time to visit.
4	More pizza please!!!!!We went to Bambino's not knowing what to expect and with open minds.  We are pizza lovers and are always looking for the next awesome slice to experience.  What we found was a fun Boston Pizzeria.  This means lots of Red Sox stuff and super yummy thin crust pizza.  It's a great time to be had!Let me just say, the Meat Lovers pizza from Bambino's blew our minds and we ate THE WHOLE THING in under 10 minutes.  10 minutes!!!!  I don't think we even stopped to take a breath between bites because it was so tasty!  We inhaled the awesome pizza because it was simply amazing.  It had flavorful pepperoni, ham, and some of the best sausage I have ever had, EVER!We also tried some yummy garlic knots, cheese sticks, chicken fingers (yes, I steal my baby girl's chicken fingers when she isn't looking), and fries. Oh and the zeppoles!  I have never had a zeppole and didn't know what to expect.  They are Italian style donuts and are one of the best things I have ever eaten dessert-wise.  They were hot fried dough, covered in powdered sugar and other fun spices and were finger licking good!  Everything we tried was delicious, came in a huge serving, and at a very good price.  How can you go wrong?It is a small joint, but it feels super homey.  The staff was always coming out to talk to us and make sure we were happy.  There was a lovely young lady, Stephanie, who was awesome!  I think she was about 13 and was on top of everyone in the restaurant.  She was running the counter and taking food orders, as well as being the welcoming committee.  She would even come out to play with my daughter from time to time, just to make sure she was enjoying lunch too!   It is a great mom & pop place and you feel so welcomed just walking in the door.  I wish Vegas had more places like this one!Every bite I took in Bambino's was delightful and I will be back for more!
5	Came here for a UYE put together by Michele H. I have to admit this was a little far for me, but I don't mind driving for the good food and even better company. I drove by this place numerous times when I lived on this side of town. Now I regret passing it because I missed out on some delish pizza. Upon waking in, it's a cute little place with about 10 tables. It's clean and the walls are decorated with numerous sports teams memorabilia. Michele and a few other yelpers already had a few tables put together for the event with some appetizers on the table for us to try. There were fries, mozzerella sticks and garlic knots. We arrived an hour later so they were already cold. I did try the garlic knots. Good buttery garlicky flavor. I imagine these would be fantastic if they were hot and fresh. I ordered the #1 lunch combo which came with 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink for $5. It was 50 cents per additional topping so I added pepperoni and garlic. My friend had the #2 lunch combo which came with one slice of cheese pizza, a salad and a drink for $6. He opted for his pizza as Hawaiian which was $1 extra I believe. Our food was delish!! The salad was bright, colorful and fresh. Nice crunch to the lettuce and the Italian dressing was just perfect. The pizza was also delish!!! Thin crust NY style, which I'm not a huge fan of, but this was amazing. My 2 slices of garlic/pepperoni were huge! It was greasy so I had to tab some of it off with a napkin. No biggie. I loved how they chopped up the garlic and spread it throughout the 2 slices instead of huge chunks here and there. And there was plenty of pepperoni on there as well. I'm not a huge fan of Hawaiian but my date said it was yummy. Lisa G. ordered the vegetarian pizza which looked yummy as well. Colorful and packed with veggies. I would have tried it if I wasn't so full. Towards the end, the owners brought us fried dough covered in butter and powdered sugar. I pretty much ate the entire basket and had to move them away from me. Loren and I did have a mild choking incident when we both inhaled the powdered sugar on accident. Good times. The owners were very friendly and were very easygoing. They made sure everyone was fully stocked and had everything they needed. Great event with awesome food and awesome people. Thanks Michele H!
4	I have always loved pizza and I prefer the love given to pizza by mom and pop type places than by chain pizza places. You could feel the love at Bambino's from the sport memorabilia to the checkered tablecloths. You can order slices or entire pizzas. There are a salads, fries, garlic knots,calzones as well as other dishes, but all I care about is PIZZA! My cheese/pepperoni was tasty= sauce, cheese, crust, etc. My wonderful Yelp friend, Lisa G graciously offered me some of her vegetarian pizza and I was in heaven!  For desert Marie T and I suggest  the buttered/powdered sugared balls of deliciousness that are hot and fresh out of the oven. The place is not very big, so if you have a large group, maybe taking your order to go is a better option.
4	This place is a cute homely place but when Jamie G and I planned this event he didn't tell me about it being a Boston place. How do you take a yankees girl and put her in a boston place? lol.....but I guess it would be a good place for watching a big boston game.......The place isn't that big but we put some tables together and it was good for us. The pizza is a good balance of thin crust, sauce and cheese.  It was a good pizza where folding was perfect.  They gave us cheese sticks, garlic knots and fries before the food came. The cheese sticks were a big hit with my daughter who usually won't eat much.  The zeppoli's were also a hit as she loved them and they are small enough you can have more than one.  The powdered sugar that covered them was an added bonus for her! lol....... the cannolis were really good with the perfect balance as well.  I got them to go and they were smart and put cream underneath so they wouldn't move in the container.  The service was good as they were attentive throughout.  Overall the pizza was a hit and as observed by the hawaiian pizza next to me, the crust was able to handle toppings well without getting soggy.  If I was in the area I would stop by again for some to take home.
4	Came here for a UYE.  If you took the boston memorabilia down, this place would rock.  The pizza reminds me of my east coast youth and they rock with Faygo Rock and Rye and Red Pop.  They make beignets and let you put your own powdered sugar on yourself.  A small kid table in the corner.  The staff is friendly and the pizza is reasonably priced.  I wish it was a little larger and the seating more comfortable.
4	When I am in town visiting family, I always have to come by and get a pizza. The pizza is thin crust and the sauce is delicious and the cheese is too. I am from Massachusetts and so are the owners, so they know how to make a pizza!
5	Best Pizza west of the Hudson!  It's authentic, tasty and brings me back to the delicious pizza I grew up with in NYC.  Even Matt's calzone's are the best.  This is the only place I will eat pizza and/or a calzone in Las Vegas.  It doesn't get more real than Bambino's.
2	Customer service : I was not greeted when I walked in and there were two people standing there. One made direct eye contact with me and said nothing. The other woman said hello after I stared at the menu for a bit and asked me what she could get for me. I said I was not sure so she just walked away. Food: I ordered the number two lunch special which is a slice of cheese pizza, a salad and a fountain drink for 6 dollars. The sauce on the pizza was too sweet for my liking and the dough was too soggy. The salad was good, it was just lettuce, cherry tomatoes and carrots with a balsamic vinaigrette.
1	EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in the service!! Waited over 2 hours for a delivery when we are only 5 minutes away. Called a few times for an update on the order and no apology given for the delay the response given "we are working on it".  Food was disappointing, cold and soggy fries with a flat tasting soda.
3	Ordered a white pizza which was good. Came quick via delivery. Will order again.
3	The pizza was tasty enough and the customer service was adequate. When we came in, the server was sitting at a table doing paperwork and stayed there until we were ready to order. Then she sat back down and did more paperwork until our food was ready. We were the only ones in there, so it was ok, it just didn't seem especially professional. The pizza was good, but it wasn't anything special. It was an ok experience, and I wouldn't turn down another slice of this pizza, but I wouldn't suggest it or go out of my way to get some more.
4	Solid place dishing out solid pizza goodness! Just be prepared to wait. Came here for the first time today. Waited at the register a couple minutes before I was greeted by someone but I wasn't too upset about it. Seemed there were only 2 people working in the tiny restaurant and one was busy prepping pizza dough. Ordered 2 slices of cheese and an order of garlic knots to go and it came out to be a little under 8 bucks. Waited probably 25 minutes before I got the goods, though. Maybe I just came at the wrong time? Maybe they were booked with orders? Trying to give them the benefit of the doubt here but I'm hoping next time I visit it'll won't take as long. The food was pretty good! This style of pizza is my favorite. Love the fact that when I pick up a slice it's wide and thin enough that I have to fold it into this taco like pizza contraption thing. Another plus is seeing a couple drops of orange shiny grease goodness fall onto your plate after taking a bite. That's when you know it's real deal. The knots were okay, the texture was good but they're definitely lacking in the "garlic" department of their beloved garlic knots name. But all is forgiven once you rip them apart and dunk them into the provided super delicious tangy marinara. I'll be back! Just need to make sure I don't have to be somewhere soon after since it may take a while to get my food.
4	When I walked in the woman was on her cell phone texting and it took about a minute before she noticed me. She was nice once she saw me but then the phone rang, another worker answered and it was a personal call. So while chit chatting on the phone she proceeds to slowly grab my pizza out of the oven. It was rather annoying but lets get to the food. Medium Supreme. I loved the dough. It had a sweetness to it but not a ton of cheese. Also had an order of medium wings. YUUUMMMYYY. Ill return maybe try a Stromboli next time.
3	Why is it so hard to find pizzerias that will sell by the slice?!A small, simple place covered in Boston memorabilia and staffed by friendly folks churns out the largest foldable $2.14-a-slice cheese pizza I've seen in a while. And, bonus? It's delish. Top with a shake or ten of the oregano and red pepper at the table, tear in, and enjoy!Or take it to go: they have the perfect small boxes to take your single simple slice home to eat in the comforting blue glow of your television.
5	This is a family favorite. The owners make their own sauce and the cheese is so fresh. We are NYers transplanted here and even with their Boston Red Sox roots vs our Yankee roots we wouldn't go anywhere else for great tpizza pie. It is an added bonus that they make amazing wings that my kids can't live without! The meatballs are great and the zeppoli is a fun treat too! Highly recommend. Support a local business. You won't be disappointed.
3	I went there a few weeks and got a few slices and it was good!!!  Then went tonight ordered a Hawaiian sub can. Bacon for pepperoni.  Was overcharged and the pizza wasn't that tasty.  And for the price it was small.  Kinda disappointed because I like to support local businesses but don't like being overcharged for food that isn't all that.  May go back one day... .
3	Their med pizza was tiny. There sauce has a hint of peppers which was nice. Pizza was paper thin and chewy not really that great of a texture. Overpriced for what we got.
1	Sad. They are no longer. New Yorkers bought it and it will be NY pizza. Looking forward to trying their product.
3	I used to love this place before the new changes   way too many onions in my salad and loved the fact that they used white American cheese now its just so so ...meh if its not broken don't fix it
5	These guys are incredible. NEW OWNERS, so have another go at it if you have previously been more than two months ago. Sometimes, you just need to let the pizza do the talking. Let's try that!Pizza - "My incredibly tasty crust and fresh toppings are crafted with love by my family that came from Long Island, NY. I'm priced well, and you can have me any way you like. Eat me, now". That does it for me. It looks, smells, feels, and tastes like an East Coast gem in the middle of the desert. Get here for their lunch specials and come back for the hospitality.
4	Good deal.  Large pizza and 10 wings.  $18.00. The pizza is good.  They came and gave us two slices of Grandma Pizza as a sample. The crust was really delicious on those slices.  I will order that type of pie next time.  This place shows promise.  I know they are re-naming it soon.
5	The new owners are on to something good with this place.  The wings are tasty with the perfect amount of hotness to the sauce, (we had the medium).  Their regular pizza is great and is the correct size for a large pie, unlike a lot of places out here in Vegas where the large pie is an inch to an inch and a half smaller than it should be diameter-wise. Had a chance to try their "grandma" pizza, which was phenomenal.  It really brought me back to some of the great pizza I enjoy back in Long Island.  The place is family owned and operated and I love supporting local places like this and I would highly recommend you, (the reader of this review), to do the same.
5	SO GOOD!!! What an excellent find!! We went for a walk and found this totally excellent place! I had the 2 slices and a soda for 5 bucks. Slices were huge and very good. My girlfriend is Vegan which makes pizza restaurants a difficult choice for us. Usually the sauce isn't very good, the crust is weak in texture, or there just isn't many vegetable choices. Not at Bambinos!! Her pizza was loaded with all kinds of stuff! Perfect place to go any night! We can't wait to go back!!
5	Don't pass this place up its the real deal.  family owned and a great new menu New York style.  Try the Grandma Pizza and you'll probably get addicted like I did. Prices are reasonable, service great and the real wood fired oven seals the deal for me.
5	The new ownership is a step in the right direction! Grandma slices remind me of home. Long Island pizza ftw! Everything has been changed from the decor to them actually having customers inside. This place is the new best place to have pizza at a reasonable cost. Also the menu changed. The things on the website are no longer there and they no longer use frozen chicken for their heroes.
5	They are new owners from back east, the menu has changed.  They have added alot of new items on the menu.  It is the real deal Authentic New York Style Pizza.  I have tried quite a few items and enjoyed all of them. They sell pizza by the slice, sicilian and grandma pizza by the slice.  They also have woodfired pizza, calzones, rice balls, pinwheels just to name a few. Tonight I ordered a pizza with grilled chicken, roasted peppers, plum tomatoes, roasted garlic, fresh mozzarella it was awesome.  You have to try this place, you will not be disappointed, trust me i know NY pizza, i was born and raised in NY.
5	Finally decided to try this place few weeks ago and now I'm the duke lol... been going at least twice a week. Pizza by the slice can be difficult to find out here... especially at this quality. Love that it is around the corner from me and on my way home from work.But wait... didn't even get to the best part... they have sicilian pies! And they sell it by the slice as well. My new favorite sicilian in Vegas... also convenient that I can see the slices from the window as I pull up to see if they have sicilian lol... yes.. i'm that lazy.Anyway... give this place a shot and support local pizza places! So far everything I have had has been good and very fair priced. The staff is very friendly and the family that owns it recently moved to Vegas from Long Island. Looking forward to many more sicilian slices... now off to reheat one that's in my fridge :)
