3	I had never heard of this place until recently, was told we were getting one in Vegas, and my friend raved about it. Found out this is apart of Bloomin' Brands (Outback, Carrabba's, Fleming's & Roy's) and I'm a fan of the latter two, and who doesn't love Outback every once in awhile, so I excited to try this place. Immediately upon entering it reminded me of Outback with a Tommy Bahama feel. They have an awesome patio as well, it's that time of year for outside dining and I appreciate a good patio.I started out with a glass of wine and I was surprised that had a decent wine list. The bread basket was a hit. Warm sourdough, butter and oil/pesto mix dipping sauce. Their menu does change regionally, I noticed we don't have some of the fish on the menu as they do in Florida, but in change I noticed we do have menu items they didn't in Florida. They run nightly specials, and they have some drink specials as well. The Bang Bang shrimp happens to be my favorite menu item.
5	I was super excited that they opened another Bonefish Grill in Las Vegas, after the location on Easten closed a few years ago.  Came here with a few girlfriends to have some beers and appetizers.  It was even better than I remembered, and I am thrilled about the patio!  Always looking for new places to drink outdoors.  We went on a Wednesday, which is Bang Bang Shrimp night - you can get this appetizer for $5 from 4-11pm on Wednesdays.  Those shrimp are delicious! We also got the ahi tuna appetizer, beef dumpling appetizer, and crab cakes which were all very good.  We ordered a side of the au gratin potatoes because they looked like macaroni and cheese, and they were amazing cheesy goodness.  Can't wait to go back and see if all the entrees are just as I remember!
5	Training Day BrunchI got invited to a Friends & Family brunch service which was also a training day.  There were limited spots and my indicated time of 12:45pm was pushed back to 1:00pm when I called in to reserve my spot, which actually worked out better for my group & me.I am  breaking this into sections since it is all still fresh in my mind:Decor - It is a nice, contemporary look with lots of windows & great outdoor seating.  The bar has a nice feel while the bar itself being, nearly, the width of the restaurant.  The tables are covered with logo'ed, slightly course, tan paper.  I sat in a bar high-top so I only viewed the regular dining area.  BTW, the happy hour runs until 6:30pm, Sunday-Thursday with 5 or so food & 5 drink specials.  I didn't really pay too much attention since I am reviewing the brunch service.Cocktails - I ordered Bloody Mary's & tried a sip from a Passionfruit Mimosa.  The Bloody Mary consisted of Absolut Citron muddled with fresh herbs & tomatoes & something that makes it spicy (horseradish + ???) Garnished with cucumber slice, olive stuffed with cream cheese, and celery stalk.  The overall flavor is freshness.  Not the sweet/Worcestershire tomato vodka combination that I am accustomed to.  A big plus, the muddled tomatoes & herbs hide the vodka bite.  The Passionfruit Mimosa was sweet & bubbly; during regular brunch, this is an "endless" drink, YMMV, though.Appetizers - Though Michelle, our server, called the A la Carte items appetizers for today's brunch, we ordered a chocolate croissant.  It was very tasty with some type of maple glaze on top & dark chocolate within.  Appetizing, yes.  Appetizer, no; more like pre-dessert Main Course - I ordered the Shrimp and Creamy Corn Cakes.  This was an outstanding dish with a good amount of spice for a Creole inspired dish.  The 6 large shrimp were served in their Creole sauce over 2 "creamy cheesy corn cakes".  These were lusciously fried with a light cheese & cornmeal sweetness.  A great platform on which to serve the shrimp.  This was a great dish and I would be hard pressed not to order it again instead of trying a new item. I sampled the potatoes au gratin.  For you potato & cheese lovers out there, we may have your new addiction.  I could have eaten this one item & been happy; very full, but happy, nonetheless.Our server, Michelle was very fun & excited about the menu.  She had just gone through the tasting/training day and definitely was enthusiastic about many items.  I am excited about going back for dinner (Chilean Sea Bass in the Pan-Asian sauce).The cost of our meal for 4 which was 4 entrees, 8 cocktails, and the "appetizer' was around $100.  This seems a good price for the quality of food, which I would rate at 4/5 to 5/5 stars.  Warning, the overall flavors here are bold with mild (IMO) spiciness in many items. So, if you can't handle the heat, ask your server what's spicy & if they can turn in down a notch or 2.Watch here for a dinner review, hopefully, soon!
5	Having visited the other (now closed) location in Henderson, I wasn't impressed with this place previously so I went in here with low expectations. I'm glad to say the new location converted me into their fan! For appetizer I really enjoyed the goat cheese and beets salad. We ordered the specials of the day for entree and although I failed to get the names of the fish that we sampled (there were three types), they were all excellent - moist, flavorful, perfectly cooked. Despite the fact that I didn't like the texture of the brownie dessert, I feel that it is a personal preference so it is not the chef's fault. Overall, I had a great experience here!
5	I frequented the locations in the Tampa Bay area for years before moving to Henderson back in 2007 and was so happy to find one on Eastern. That location closed in 2010 or so and I was ECSTATIC last month when Town Square posted on their FB status about the up and coming opening. I went in yesterday and sat at the bar for an hour or so. I was greeted by some of the veterans from the BFG in Henderson... Had a sidecar, Bang Bang Shrimp and a salad. Bread too, it was fab BTW! Also got to sample their coconut shrimp gratis due to a mix up of some sort. :))) Was so happy, going back again for Happy Hour this week.
5	Liked the old location, love the new one. Talk about friendly service! I ordered the orange roughy, but received the red fish instead. What did they do? Made it right by giving me the red fish for free, and also the orange roughy (superb dish mind you)! Was very happy with my experience here; highly recommended.
5	Great food! Love love love the patio! Service is outstanding.  They have a wonderful wine list too.  Easy parking makes it easy to get in and out of Town Square.
4	830pm already out of beet salad. I'm sad .  Oh well.  Jesse had ordered what he thought was clam chowder, but it was corn chowder.  I tasted it and said, "hello, it has bacon, its corn chowder!"   It was Good Friday so it was no meat for us.  he verified with a server and they were kind enough to understand and gave us a house salad.Ashley was our server and she was quite delightful.  Very prompt with service and not over checking in on us as we devoured our food.Maryland Crabcakes kind of small, but I guess it matches the price. It's the lump type of crab cake if your wondering, what every crab cake should be! Not as thick of a patty, but in flavor, delish.  Side sauce complimented it as well. I think it was a spicy mayo sauce.I went with the Chilean Sea Bass since it was a recommended entree.  I got the full order and I'm glad that I did.  If you are familiar with my appetite, I eat a lot .  It wasn't as flavorful, but i did order the sauce on the side.  It had more of the grill taste than flavor.  It was served with garbanzo beans and asparagus.For those that are looking for healthy options, this is the place for you.  But if you have a sweet tooth like me, you need to try their brownie a la mode...hot brownie, drizzled in raspberry sauce, with macadamia nuts and topped off with vanilla ice cream.  Whoa, I just drooled.  Four stars for my first try, I'm gonna find a dish that will be my go to.  I loved the healthier options that i could choose from.  I am definitely returning and I do recommend.
4	The moment you walk in the door and sit down...dont let menu options overwhelm you. Start with the bang bang shrimp and do NOT miss the Mussels Josephine- as a foodie.... I have to say, best in the city....we used TWO loaves of warm delish sourdough bread to finsh the amazing sauce and I think one of our group might have licked the bowl after.,        I had Lily;s Chicken... was awesome with the garlic mashed potatoes... huge portion for just 14 bucks! *the only reason restaurant not getting 5 stars is I dont eat red meat and told my server that and the garnish/side dish on my entree (which was not mentioned on menu) was a garbonzo bean salad with SAUSAGE! Thank goodness a friend spotted it before it went into my mouth or would have been catastrophic!!!!*    Other than that- the ahi tunn starter weas delightful, my friends sea bass was not smelly and was very satisfying, the grilled tilapia tacos with mango salsa were fabulous! We never felt rushed and the prices were incredible. Afforable and delighful! Not only all that, Ashley our server was charming and funny and attentive!!!!! I will be back, soon...craving those mussels!!!!!
3	Good food, great service, and great drinks.  This is a nice change of pace from the usual Yard House stop in Town Square.  I'd come back again.
4	love the happy hour menu! and i lucked out, came on a Wednesday, which their awesome Bang Bang shrimp is $5 all day on Wednesdays! *does the fat girl happy dance*prices were great, food and cocktails were great.. servers were awesome.. had a great experience all around. will definitely come back to get tipsy & full ;)
4	WELCOME BACK BONEFISH! We missed you but you don't get 5 stars until you bring Grouper back.Tito's Texas Martini may be the best in town and such a deal as well. We really enjoyed the Paco & Lola Albarino but it's $10 less a bottle at King's Fishhouse.We loved the Bang Bang shrimp and Seared Ahi appetizers. However, the dinners were the real stars: Dorado with mango salsa on the side was incredibly fresh with a nice taste of the grill. Ditto for the Redfish special with Romesco sauce, on the side of course. Overall the food quality may be better than my memories of the old store in Henderson.A couple of suggestions: I don't think open bus/service areas will ever be as popular as open kitchens were, so build a wall and add a door. It's ugly and distracting to have that area open to the lovely dining room. About those window shades, they're going the wrongway! Something is needed to block the lower part of the windows, to obscure the view of the parking lot and keep headlights from shining into the dining room.A few minor issues that should be addressed but great food and drinks at reasonable prices. Hope they stick around for a long time.
5	We have been here 3 times since they opened.  Food is so yummy, specialty drinks amazing and the service is off the charts friendly, attentive and fun.  So excited they are open.
5	Never heard of this place before, saw it while driving around townsquare when they were still in the building stages. We decided to come in after running the spartan race myself... Everything was top notch, specially our server Vanessa. She was very thorough with the menu and gave us near to excellent service. (Maybe a water refill here and there) but their "Parker's margarita" made me wanna drink nothing else but. Overall a good experience. We will definitely be back
4	Let me just go ahead and say this is my favorite chain restaurant. First experience wasn't so great, but I will go ahead and let it slide, got ignored at the door, but after I made it evident in my facial expressions that I was not pleased with what happened, everyone ensured to, what's the nice way of saying kissing my @$$?Well...you got the point.
4	I went with my friends for happy hour on Monday.  The food is great and the cocktail is amazing.  The only reason for 4-Star is because the bartender who took care of us first did not know how to make the drink correctly.  I can't remember which drink it was but I usually get the blood orange cocktail and it tasted different from before... The bartender clocked out and another came in and she made it correctly so I guess I will always ask her to make my drinks.
4	This place rocks!! Lovely atmosphere and wonderful prices and choices on the menu. My hubby and I went here for date night and it was well worth it!! Having 2 little kids we are definitely on a budget and this place did not disappoint. I had a nice glass of wine and he enjoyed one of their signature beers. Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer was delicious!! We each tried their evening specials for an entree and it was amazing. Sea Bass for him and Tuna for myself. It was seasoned well and cooked perfectly. This place knows their seafood. No room for desert but we will definitely be back to try it!! Our bill came less to $60!! Score!!! Oh, and our waiter, Fernando was super helpful and great personality!!!
5	The food at this restaurant was amazing, and the waitress Rachel was spectacular she went above and beyond. When we asked Rachel about a certain item she was very knowledgeable about the ingredian! Rachel is a wonderful waitress they are lucky to have someone like her working for them. God bless her!
4	Three words....bang bang shrimp! Now I know what all the rave is about. Had they not returned to Las Vegas I would've been forced to wonder what the wonders of bang bang shrimp is!!! Yay!!!Just an FYI their happy hour specials rock harder than most places! Considering their right beside Texas de Brazil makes it tough to decide which to visit for dinner. Spread the word and spread the love this place can not disappear once again!!! :)
4	Went here for the first time.  Everything was good. Now we have an alternative place to eat fish during Lenten season other than sushi.
3	The Bonefish Grill at Town Square is a second attempt at bringing this franchise to the Las Vegas area. Despite its attempt at a revival, the food here is mediocre at best. Their signature cocktails that we ordered were either too sweet or tasted weird. I had heard that the Bang Bang Shrimp was its signature dish, so it was a must-try during my meal there. Unfortunately, it fell short of my expectations. The rest of our food was executed satisfactorily but overall, I'd rather take my business to a local oyster bar or even Red Lobster.
1	Visited this new location with our gourmet group of 15 adults who have visited a different restaurant every month for the past 13 years.  Staff was very friendly however all drinks and food came out as an auction asking who ordered this...have not experienced this terrible process for many years.  All food and appetizers came out at various times and consequently some of our diners were receiving their entrees when others were just getting their appetizers and 8 of our diners had completed eating their entrees before the other 7 received their food.  Appetizers were great but entrees were either acceptable or in 2 persons returned because their new zealand dory was too fishy.  Assistant manager took the 2 entrees off our bill and compted 2 deserts.  This experience was very poor compared to the Bonefish in Chesterfield Virginia which is my wife's favorite restaurant.
5	I have eaten at several Bonefish across the country and I have to say they are very consistent! The food is always fresh, good, priced right, and the staff is always well trained. I love the Wed $5 bang bang shrimp special it is always awesome!
4	So great to have it back. I lived in Kansas City where this restaurant was created. My wife and I were regulars at the Henderson location before they closed it. Such good placement in Town Square. To the point; BANG BANG SHRIMP! Seriously, 2 could order 5 of these and several mojitos and be very happy. However... Don't miss the fresh fish. Sea Bass? Perfecto. Btw, do you know the original name for Chilean Sea Bass? Challenge the server when next you're there. (No goggling)
3	Writing this review was tough. I want to like, even love this place but I just can't seem to get over the unpleasant experience we had. Lets get started. We came here because some of our friends said the food here was great. I'm always excited when friends rave about a new place. Upon entering, I was quite impressed. The hostess was friendly and the atmosphere was open and very trendy. What a great start, or do I thought. We found our group and sat down. As we were chatting, this lady shows up and stands by our table and doesn't say anything. When we finally greeted her, we found out she was our server. She didn't even say her name or hello, just a 'can I get you something to drink?' We ordered some drinks and they took a really long time to arrive, one by one. Not a very good sign.Ordered our food and hoped for the best. Here's what's on the menu:APPETIZERS:Ceviche: good, not great. The fish seems like they were already cooked before everything was tossed together. The overall dish lacked flavor. It was precooked fish, scallops etc. tossed with lemon and avocados. The avocados gave the dish some flavoring. Not my favorite and will not be having it here again. Bang bang shrimps: This dish is great to those that love mayo. It was good, I don't know if I would give this dish 5 stars. It over dressed and reminds me of having walnut shrimp at a Chinese buffet. Caesar salad: Nothing too special here either. Both of your salads were overdressed and soggy. Not very appealing, especially when it seems like the dressing wasn't even made in house. ENTREES:Shrimps and scallop, mango salsa and green beans: To my surprise this dish was good. The scallops were cooked nicely and well seasoned. The shrimps were a bit undercooked so I didn't eat them. And my green beans were no longer green but brown, so I didn't eat those either. Fish tacos: These were very good. Fresh and light. There's only two tacos so if you're hungry, order two orders. Salmon and asparagus: salmon was flaky and not over cooked. Asparagus on the other hand were soft to the touch and brown. Sea bass: I didn't try this dish but it did get great reviews at the table. The food here isn't bad, but it also not amazing. But then again, what are you expecting from a chain restaurant? What would have made our experience better was the service. Our server was not friendly, didn't seem to know the menu items and it was slow and completely unorganized. Everything about the service aspect of this restaurant is unorganized. They have a concept call "team work" here. This is when the team/staff needs to help each other by delivering food and clearing the table etc. this is a nice idea, except no one at this location seems to know how to do it. Drinks came one at a time. Coffee came one at a time. By the time we got our coffees, the rest of the table had already finished theirs and was waiting for us. Our table wasn't clear of all the empty appetizer plates before dinner got dropped. Our server failed to be a decent server. I'm sure if I went to Denny's, the server there would have done better job. Such a waste of a restaurant space. Bonefish has a lovely room and prime location but the staff is a joke. I would recommend this place to people under the circumstance that they just sit at the bar. Here's a tip that I live by, PEOPLE COME FOR THE FOOD BUT COME BACK FOR THE SERVICE. Get it together bonefish. Look at your entire staff and start picking out the weeds or you'll be packing your bags and leaving not just henderson, but Vegas, for good. Happy eating everyone, ciao :)
4	LOVED IT!! We started with drinks at the bar - great happy hour prices! When we moved to a table for dinner, the wait staff were right on it. Our server was fantastic, attentive and very happy to explain the menu to us.  Appetizers came quickly and they were wonderful as were the entrees. I highly recommend Bonefish to anyone who wants really fresh, tasty food paired with terrific staff!! Definitely going back!!
3	I was very excited to hear about the restaurant  re-opening in Las Vegas. It was a good decent amount of people for a Tuesday night, but not real busy. We decided to sit in the bar area and take advantage of their happy hour specials. When we sat down, the hostess came by with some menus and told us their specials which was great, however it took awhile before a waiter acknowledged that we were there. We noticed that there were several waiters, standing around and just chatting and they just kept walking by us and didn't say anything. One waitress, that walked by us several times did finally say to us that she apologized for the delay, she didn't know who was our server and that our server did not come in yet and she will be taking our order.We ordered the steamed mussels and several other items that were on the happy hour menu. Our food came fairly quickly, but no one brought us any silverware. We waited for our waitress to come by so we can ask her, but she never did. My husband finally decided to get it himself and went to the bar to ask for 2 place settings. I have to say that the food was excellent and delicious as I remembered the first time I ate at this establishment several years ago, when it was in Henderson. I would definitely come back, but wish the service was much better.  I realize they just opened a few months ago and have to work out a few things. It looks like they have a lot of help, but all of them just stand around and talk. They need to work on this.I would give this restaurant a higher rating if the service was much better.
2	This place seems to be a chain restaurant masquerading as fine dining. Upon entering I was faced with five Maitre d's. At first I was not sure if they were a group of young ladies waiting for the remainder of their party or what. They were all dressed differently and none were wearing name tags. As I was seated, I passed a podium with two more ladies who were assigning tables, so I'm thinking "how many people work here?" The table, chairs, flatwear, etc were clean, but I was again faced with butcher paper on the tables. This just screams laziness. There is an open window divding the bar and dining room, which gives the place a very open large feeling. The downfall in their decor is the fake plants. Dusty dirty and cheap looking.There do have a brigaide style kitchen, but its recessed into somewhat of a nook in the back.Service was fast and pleasant. I was excited to see that the chef was in the dining room speaking with guests, until I realized that the entire wait staff were wearing chefs jackets. This may be their theme, but its offensive to real chefs, and suffice to say, quite silly. I also noticed the wait staff hanging out by the POS (cash register) towards the back of the restaurant, chatting when they should be attending to guests.THE FOOD: I ordered an appetizer which was written as tuna sashimi. What I received was seared tuna crusted in sesame seeds. That dish was decently executed and tasted great, but it was not what I planned on.Main course was Chilean sea bass. It was a bit soggy and really nothing interesting. The only saving grace was the chimichurri, which could have been served just as well on toast.I would give this place two stars at most.
5	What makes Bonefish so special is that they serve high quality food at very reasonable prices. They offer seasonal cocktails at $5, specialty drinks at around $8. Their filets range from $19---$21-- with a side. Why pay strip prices for comparable food when you can get it here for so much less!Friday night was all a buzz here. We left our name with the hostess and told it would be about a 40 minute wait. No problem since we wanted to get drinks at the bar. The bartender was very nice and attentive and also quite knowledgable on drink selections. Not more than 10 minutes passed until we got paged for our table. We ordered the Hawaiian martini and let me say that I felt like I was in Hawaii after taking a sip of this beautiful drink accented by coconut water. After enjoying fresh hot bread and pesto,we started with the ahi sashimi...one of the best and better than Roy's. The ahi was so delicate and had a perfect sesame crust with a light wasabi sauce that wasn't overpowering but complimented the ahi.We both order the filet mignon...available in 6oz or 8oz portions. Get it with the Gorgonzola butter!Service timing was on as the sashimi came out within a few minutes and our filets were ready right after we finished the appetizer.The filet was cooked to the perfect temp for each of us and very flavorful even without the delicious Gorgonzola butter...but it made it so much better. The potatoes au gratin were the perfect portion and cheesy with a breadcrumb topping.Our favorite dessert here is the strawberry shortcake. In season strawberries with whipped cream atop fresh creme anglaise (it's like melted rich vanilla ice cream) and a flakey shortcake biscuit. Great way to end our wonderful meal.Being a fan of the other location that closed on Eastern, I was thrilled to see Bonefish re-open here at Town Square. We will be regulars here.
3	First time visit and decided to see what all the hub-bub is about. Staff:  The two hostesses were very stand offish both coming and going.  Smile ladies, life can't be that bad, or is it?  The waitress was great and she even tracked down some Old Bay seasoning for me in the back.Food:  I had the crab cake sandwich.  Guess what? It was really good and nearly zero filler!  Shocking I know given we are in Las Vegas where nearly all crab cakes fail miserably.  The crab cake was nearly all lump crab and was quite delicious.  I also had the chowder and that was very good; it had a little bit of a kick to it which was interesting.  I gobbled that bowl up and nearly a whole loaf of their fresh baked bread without hesitation.Looking forward to exploring the menu further.  Spruce up the service at the front desk and I'd easily bump this to 4 stars.
4	Took my mom here for mother's day. Service- our server was very nice and attentive despite the restaurant being very busy.Appetizers:Edamame- Pretty run of the mill and nothing to write home about, but damame is always delicious.Bang bang shrimp- A customer favorite and it's easy to see why. The breading was like and didn't overpower the shrimp and the sauce is a creamy slightly spicy concoction. Everyone enjoyed them.Coconut shrimp- Definitely the winning appetizer dish of the evening. Some of the best coconut shrimp any of us at the table had ever had! Even my mother, who is not a shrimp eater to begin with, absolutely loved them. And the Thai chili sauce was delicious.For the main dishes we had swordfish, Chilean sea bass, and a steak. All the dishes where thoroughly enjoyed and the garlic potatoes were great.Dessert:Creme brulee- extremely delicious and an extremely generous portion. Macadamia nut brownie- It is impossible to go wrong mixing macadamia nuts and chocolate. That is all. Strawberry short cake- Delicious,  but definitely overshadowed by the other desserts. All around a good dining experience. We will definitely be returning.
4	This place is awesome! we discovered it by accident. We were on our way to kabuki in town square and took the back route to avoid some traffic. Then we saw Bonefish and decided to try it out!We've been back at least 2 other times in the last 6 weeks. My boyfriend and I have a gluten sensitivity and every time we've come the server has been knowable on what they can do to accommodate us.My favorite drink there so far is the Hawaiian Martini.LOVE the salmon and sea bass!!  We tried the flourless brownie it was delicious for the first few bites, but i couldn't make it past the first brownie it was a bit to rich for me and gave me a headache. but kudos on the yummy tasting gluten free brownie!Creme brulee is our all time fav!
5	Visit the bar for happy hr every day from 4-6:30! Also bottomless mimosas and bellinis on Sunday for only $12!
3	My boyfriend an I decided to try this place last night. Let me start by saying it was not a great start. When we got there we were barely greeted by a hostess who looked like she was annoyed that we even entered the restaurant an had to seat us. Then upon trying  to seat us she tried to seat is at a table that was so close to another table you couldn't even pull your chair out without hitting the larger party next to us. An keep in mind there were more tables open that were not in a crowded space. So when we asked for a different table we got the even more annoyed look with sigh an eye roll. Very unprofessional..Once seated our waiter came over who was very nice. He explained everything to us as this was our first time an was very informed on the menu items. We started with the bang bang shrimp as an appetizer as he said it was the most popular an good. It was ok..then after waiting over 45 min  for our dinner an apologies form the waiter our dinner came out which consisted of the Cajun fish tacos an salmon which shouldn't have taken that long. All in all the food was ok.
4	Delicious seasonal drinks and outstanding service.  We were a party of eight and we had two servers at a table in the bar area...now that's some service!  Don't get me wrong, the restaurant and bar was very busy, as well.  The food was delicious and the price was reasonable.  Oh and did I mention their seasonal, fresh cocktails?!
3	I was looking forward to having dinner here for the first time. I was not impressed, the food was overpriced for the quality of food we received and definitely not up to par with other restaurants in town. We started with the ceviche and it was very underwhelming. The shrimp was over cooked, the scallops were terribly dry and the fish was not appetizing. My friend and I split the sea bass with mango salsa and the tilapia tacos. The Sea bass was over cooked and the four cheese scalloped potatoes were dry and not impressive. The tacos were okay. I will not be back.
5	Second visit and we sat out on the patio.  Service at the front was far better this time.  Forget about a new food review...what I had was great, well thought out and very tasty blah blah blah.  What really set this meal apart was our server, TK.  This guy was hands down one of the best servers I've ever had, period; fine dining included.  I highly recommend that the management at Bonefish does whatever it can to retain him as an employee.  This guy has the skills of a well seasoned fine dining server.  Because of this I am granting this establishment a well deserved 5 stars.  In the future, I will be requesting TK and fully expect him to still be employed here; else I will never return hahaa!
4	Our birthday girl (mother in law) is on a diet and wanted a low carb dinner so we figured bonefish would be a good spot, she had never been there before. Location is in town square,  but a stand-alone building so parking was ample.  They have a cute outside area which would be nice to hang out and have drinks. Interior was nice, looks similar to the bonefish that was on Eastern that has sadly closed. We went for an early dinner and we were one of the first diners in the joint. our server Jamie was very nice, chatty and patient with us. They have iPads to take our order which was nice to see a company embracing technology an using it to their advantage. We started off with the Hawaiian martini, it'a a little sweet for my tastebuds but the MiL loved it. We also ordered the mango martini which was very refreshing and had a nice little spice. I enjoyed the red sangria taste, however no fruit included- which I though was a little odd. It was entered into the iPad and instantly sent to the bartender- pretty cool!We had the bang bang shrimp appetizer and edamame, both excellent. The soup is so tasty, that was slurped up in an instant! Eric enjoyed the Lily chicken and gobbled it up!  I had the server surprise me and she ordered the sea bass which was cooked to perfection. The MiL ordered dori picatta and was deeply disappointed. She had a few bites and ate her green beans and half of my sea bass. Honestly the scallops, fish and shrimp tasted quite awful and dry, like it was a frozen meal thrown in the microwave. We aren't the type to complain and the server saw she barely touched her food, so she sent the manager over to talk to us. The server and manager did the right thing and it was removed from our tab. It was a nice surprise and refreshing to know that there are still restaurants that care about the food, their reputation and most importantly, taking care of their patrons. We polished off our meal with a coconut custard pie and they gave the birthday girl a small box of chocolate which made our dining experience better with the birthday girl leaving with a smile on her face. Had it not been for the picatta, i would have rated this dining experience a 5!  But we'll be back!Wednesdays are $5 bang bang shrimp - just so you know!
4	So Jason wouldn't shut up about the Bang Bang shrimp since he'd had it while on TDY in Florida, so naturally after we rolled by Bonefish Grill after a day shopping at Town Square, we had to make plans to visit. We did so a couple weeks later after the Wine Walk in Town Square.We started with the Bang Bang. Jason noted that the portion was much larger than he had received in Fl and it tasted exactly like he remembered. Maybe it was the wine talking, but I wasn't that big of a fan- I'll probably have to try it again sober.Jason had the trout in the lemon sauce, and opted for the potatoes au gratin. His fish was delicious! The au gratin gave him a little trouble though, he noted that it was delicious, but when he took a deep breath over his food, the breadcrumbs of the au gratin had gotten lodged up into his trachea. DON'T BREATHE HEAVILY OVER THE AU GRATIN!I ordered the fish n chips.. but with quinoa instead of fries. The quinoa was AMAZING! Very fresh, and crisp. The fish was also much better than I had expected following finding out it was tilapia. I was very happy with it, but even better was the tarter sauce. The best I think I had ever had.Service was also on point. Was a good meal, and we will definitely be back, but won't be making any special trips down here for it. If you're in the area, definitely stop by.
4	This restaurant is part of a chain.  They are consistently good across the country.  Decent prices and great cocktails makes me a fan.  HOWEVER, my one annoyance is the piped in music.  It's awful and not very appetizing.  It's like 80's soft rock, not Culture Club or Tears for Fears but no name crap with a faint disco beats, it's too loud and extremely annoying.  I was so distracted by it, I didn't order a second drink and left.  I hope someone in corporate reads this.
5	We had a great waiter, his name was Joe B. He was informative, funny and always available. Service was top notch! I had the Sea bass, it was buttery, fresh and had that wonderful wood grill taste. My hubby had the Halibut. It was terrific as well.The lemon quinoa is so good! Also had the nonalcoholic blackberry elixir  drink and loved it! You can get it with Malibu rum if you like.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 19/1003 Words: Bang! Bang! Shrimp! - It will rock your socks off. Seriously, the Bang Bang Shrimp app and Key lime pie dessert are worth the trip alone. I Pinky Promise... All in all, Bonefish is consistent.... which is a big deal to me when dining someplace multiple times. My love and I try to come here every few months on a date night and have enjoyed every appetizer, drink, entree and dessert we've ordered. During my last visit, we ordered: Bang Bang Shrimp, Salmon (with lemon butter sauce), Rainbow Trout (with lemon butter sauce), Key Lime Pie, Spiked Blackberry Elixir (Malibu rum, blackberries, sage, fresh lemon juice + coconut water for $5), and their Classic Sidecar & Mango Twist (Amber brandy, mango + sugared rim $5).  The service, food, and atmosphere were all top notch. I would even push my review to 4 1/2 stars.  TIP: Wednesdays at Bonefish is $5 bang bang shrimp= ALL NIGHT.  Also, they have a great happy hour menu (see pic) that runs 4:00pm - 6:30pm Sun- Thurs.
4	WOW!!! is this place good. The restaurant is about medium size with an elegant cozy feel to it. It's definitely a good family restaurant which I just love and what I like that's even better is that during happy hour, it's also available in the dining area not just the bar, so parents too can enjoy a happy hour cocktail with snacks. :-)So being that I went on a Wednesday, I ordered the bang bang shrimp for $5 which let me just say,...wow! are they freaking delicious. I ordered their edamame and crab cakes as well and those crab cakes were melt in your mouth delicious and had nice big chunks of crab meat. For the entree, I ordered the wood-grilled Artic char with spinach and crab meat, which was so delicious and juicy, the artic char just melted in my mouth. Btw, the quinoa salad is very good too. Lastly, I also ordered the Dayboat Scallops with a creamed bacon and jalapeno corn, and my goodness that corn,...well there just isn't enough words to explain how good it was.Overall, I'm a fan and will definitely be coming back for more!!!
4	Wow, their swordfish was great. I loved the bang bang shrimp and the house salad (hearts of palm, amigos!) Bonefish Grill is one of those places it seems all my friends are raving about and I didn't see the point in going to...until I went. This place was a great time. The food was remarkable, especially considering how affordable it was. We are talking quality sea food for a price that isn't too much more than TGI Friday's "fancy" menu. We dined here for our 3 year wedding anniversary and the service was superb. Everyone we encountered, especially our waiter, was very kind. We struck up conversations with nearly every staff member we spoke to and to top it off the food was great. I love swordfish, the steak of the sea. I always order it when I go out to seafood places as a gauge of said place's quality. If you're bold enough to serve swordfish, you better make sure you do it right. Spoiler: they did a great job.Overall, I would absolutely eat here again AND recommend the place. Give it a whirl, kids!
5	Awesome bang shrimp, get the fish and chips!
1	Me and my girlfriend decide to try this new place out inside of townsqaure. Menu seemed nice and simple, food was fairly good but the service was a horrible experience. We came in for lunch around 3:45 on a Sunday to a empty restaurant with the exception of two people finishing up their meal. We waited about 5 minutes to place drink orders then it went all downhill. Our water came out and we sat for about 30 minutes waiting to take our order while other servers just walk by avoiding eye contact at all cost. Finally our server pops up out of nowhere saying "oh your not my table, but I will take your order anyways" after that delightful experience we sit and wait and notice they are bringing bread out to people that arrived after us, so we ask another server for bread and she says we have to wait for our appetizer to come out, seriously? Btw our server never mentioned bread to us, so whatever getting more irritated. By this time everyone that arrived later than us are receiving entrees while again we sit there and wait. Finally we are fed up ask for boxes and check and she goes to help another table. I hope the management can resolve this issue, we will NEVER be back. I'm scared to see how this overstaffed restaurant works with a decent rush.
4	We were lounging around town, up to our usual hijinks, which usually include food, golf and spas, and we found the new Bonefish Grill, located in Town Square.  Ample parking lot that was nearly chock full led the way through the revolving door to the nature vibe decor of the grill.  We sat at a large raised table and were just in time for the Happy Hour specials.  We chose the Fish Tacos and Bang Bang shrimp tacos, along with a very respectable Margarita and a large lemonade.  The servings were flavorful and generous, and the service attentive and friendly.  The atmosphere was cooling and relaxing, the 115 degree Vegas heat outside melted away, as we enjoyed their mellow atmosphere.
4	Loved it! One of the girls at work experienced their happy hour a few weeks ago, so we decided to try it out. We got there a bit before 5 and were seated immediately. The staff were very friendly, however, they did not explain their happy hour specials very well. I asked if the table notice were all of their specials, and looked around the menu for what it entails with no luck. So we ordered the bang bang tacos and the ceviche. A-Maz-Ing!Still hungry, we decided to order more and some drinks. I caved and got one of the specialty drinks because it did not appear that a glass of wine was part of the happy hour special. After we ordered (the bang bang shrimp, yum!) we found out that there were more options for happy hour--including a $3 glass of wine!The food was great! The specialty drink, the blood orange one, was meh. And more clarification would be appreciated!
5	Excellent fresh seafood and service, the bang bang shrimp was out of this world. We were a party of eight, so we tried several different items from the menu; ahi tuna sashimi, Thai coconut shrimp, bang bang shrimp tacos, sir will's fish and chips, corn chowder and lump crab, Chilean sea bass, long fin tilapia, filet mignon, and a couple of their stuffed fish specialties and their kids Mac and cheese. Everything was amazing, the only thing that was just okay was the filet mignon, granted they specialize in seafood not steak, but highly recommended you won't regret it! :).
4	My friend and I decided to take our husbands out for dinner at Bonefish on a Saturday night.  Mini date night. :)We were seated immediately at a nice tall top in the bar area.  Great ambiance and I have to say for the crowd they had not loud at all. We ordered drinks and my friends who had gotten there a bit before us had already ordered Bang Bang Shrimp and I ordered crab cakes.  They bring out a nice fresh loaf of bread with olive oil for a nice light snack.  Our shrimp arrived and it was amazing!  Our crab cakes were amazing as well so full of crab and the sauce was a nice touch. My hubs and I eat ordered the crab corn chowder and he ordered the steak while I went with their chicken as my friend was getting the other item I was eyeing, the tilapia.The soup was so nummy, large chunks of crab through out the soup.  So GOOD!  Our main course arrives and it looks amazing.  Sadly, they overcooked my hubs' steak so he had to wait a bit.  The manager and the GM came over both to apologize which was quite thoughtful of them. My chicken had goat cheese and artichokes layered on it making it even better.  My green beans were smothered in butter which is not good for me but great for the hubs who ate them while waiting for his refire. :)I did taste my friends tilapia and it was a good choice as well. Now to the reason I gave them only 4 and really debated on giving them a 3.  Our service was HORRIBLE.  My hubs orders his soda with no ice.  She brings it with ice and doesn't apologize when he mentions it to her. Does she correct it on his refill?  Nope!  I brought it up to her on the side and then she brings him seltzer water instead of his Sprite.  During the entire meal our water glasses were empty and I had to ask one of the servers who brought out our food to get another glass of wine. Let me explain, she had 4 tables she was working and I really wasn't paying attention to what kind of service they were getting but both my girlfriend and i kept commenting that we really never saw her with anyone else.  Will we be back?  Of course, the food was awesome.  I think our waitress may have had an off night but we did have quite a few misses during our visit.
3	Had a pleasant evening here with some friends for dinner.  Let's start with the food~  We started off with the Bang Bang Shrimp Appetizer for the table.  There was a enough for 4 of us to share for a starter.  They were delicious! Had a great creamy and spicy flavor.   I could have probably ordered just that for my entree.  But since it was our first time here, I kept truckin on...  The fresh bread was delivered to the table with dipping oil and seasonings.  This was also pretty great .  The bread was warm with the great flavor of the dipping oil.  My stomach was filling up fast but I'm still going to power through.  :-)  I ordered the Longfin Tilapia Imperial.  It took a little while for our meals to be delivered but mine was worth a little wait.  It was stuffed with shrimp, crab, scallops and cheese with a great butter flavor and seasoning.  I chose to accompany my fish with the steamed broccoli.  I might as well have part of my meal to be healthy right? The broccoli was perfectly steamed with a seasoning that did not over power any flavor.  If I was judging my dining experience alone... it would have been at least 4 stars but I was not there alone.Why only three stars?  Our waitress was pleasant when we saw her, but few and far between.  She messed up a friends drink order, twice.  But this could be overlooked if she had acknowledged her mistake. She rarely came back to our table to check on how our meals were and let our drinks go dry a few times.    My husband and friends steak was over done.  I realize we are at a seafood restaurant but if steak is offered, know how to prepare it as requested.  Our friend sent his back but my husband ate his as he doesn't send food back.  We've all seen the movie Waiting... right?  I'm hoping to come back here since I loved their bang bang shrimp.  Keeping my fingers crossed for better service and meal for the hubby.  Happy that we were there with great company!
2	Service was horrible. We were not ready to order the first time we were asked, but about 25 minutes later we sure were. Appetizers were good. I should have known better than to order steak from a fish place, but I did it anyway. Medium rare at this place has almost no pink left in the center. My buddy sent his back, I won't do that. My second beer didn't look or taste anything like the first one. If you don't remember just ask me. I'll tell you what kind of beer I ordered. I might try again, but if I got the same waitress I'd run.
5	This was my first visit and the Bang-Bang shrimp was awesome! Great martini,Pork chop and service!
2	The real downside to the restaurant was the atmosphere, we joked that it was like eating in the middle of the freeway, we were seated close to the restroom, there were service people running up and down the aisles and one of them dropped a pitcher of water that splashed everywhere then they cleaned it with bar towels (I guess they did not have a mop). The food was okay, I loved the Bang Bang Shrimp but the crab cakes were almost too salty to eat. The bread was good but the seasoning mixture for the dipping oil was not to my liking. I will not return. The folks at the next table ordered a tilapia and were served trout and it seemed like the server was trying to convince them that they were mistaken. We were aware of all of this because the server was an inch from our table while the conversation was going on. It was loud, cramped and the food was not worth trying again.
4	My wife and I went based on a promotion we received in the mail.  We stuck with appetizers only, they'll fill you up.  We had the bang bang shrimp - tasty, crispy, with a perfect sauce on them; the wagyu beef potstickers.  Nice dipping sauce for them.  Also had a cup of the crab and corn chowder.  The bomb!  And the fried Chincoteague oysters with fried dill pickles and a remoulade.  Ya gotta put a bite of oyster and bite of pickle on the fork, dip it into the remoulade and munch.  It's like tartar sauce, but the pickles are on the outside!  Yummy.  We were there during the happy hour 4:30- 6:00.  Noisy, and the wait staff was hopping.  Tough to get their attention for more water and the check.  Oh, and the crushed blackberry  virgin cocktail was refreshing.
3	Holy fried seafood, Batman.  Between the Singapore Calamari, Bang Bang Shrimp, and Fish and Chips, I think I've had my fill of fried food for a while.  We started with the Singapore Calamari and Bang Bang Shrimp for appetizers.  The calamari is generic, with too much breading for my tastes.  It does come with some fried peppers, which was a nice treat.  The Bang Bang Shrimp is their most popular appetizer, and consisted of crunchy breaded shrimp in a very mild sauce.  Both the calamari and shrimp were supposed to have a spicy sauce, but on a scale of 1-10 they were both probably a 0.5.  A positive is that the portion sizes are very generous; if you're not sharing, it could be an entree for one.I opted for Sir Will's Fish and Chips because the description said it was tempura style, and because the fish was tilapia instead of the usual cod.  The fish itself was really good, nice and juicy and again, generous portions.  Sadly, the batter was less tempura style and more Long John Silver's style; a giant block of fried batter that encased a filet of fish.  Crunchy and thick, it didn't do anything for the fish.I don't think Bonefish Grill would ever be my first choice if I'm at Town Square, but I also wouldn't dismiss it if someone else wanted to try it.  Based on the tilapia in the fish and chips, I'd want to try their grilled fish entrees.
2	I have been here twice now with two very different experiences. The first.. Amazing - 5 starsOur waitress was fantastic, our martinis full to the top, and the food was delicious. I was a big fan of this place.The second...  Atrocious - 1 star (only because they have to get at least one)Our waiter was rude... First thing he said when he came to our table was 'are you all 21?' (our group ranged from 28 to 40s...) He proceeded to take our drink order, and at the very end asked for our IDs - Why not do that at the beginning? And why the attitude?* He didn't bring our waters - first thing we asked for...* We had to ask for bread.. Our waitress the first time brought it out first thing!* My martini was about 3/5ths full this time... I didn't know I paid for a partial drink!I am giving this 2 stars due to the bad taste left in my mouth and the fact I will not be returning.If you do go, stay away from the waiter with a tattoo of a blue ball or something like that on his arm... He will ruin your experience. Consistency is important and this place does not have it. And so is employees with a good attitude!
5	Pretty busy Friday night, we had a reservation and were seated in just a few minutes.  The waiter was excellent (Danny), his knowledge of the menu was very good, his suggestions were spot on.  Staff was friendly and attentive throughout the meal without being bothersome.  The Bang Bang Shrimp was a good starter, the Fresh Apple and Espresso Martinis were delicious.  The salmon was moist and well seasoned, the Sea Scallops & Shrimp were cooked perfectly and we enjoyed both. The Mango Salsa and Chimichurri Sauce were great compliments to the seafood. Topped it off with a piece of Key Lime Pie, loved the graham cracker crust with pecans.  Looking forward to brunch there soon, the menu looks great.
5	I was pretty happy to see Bonefish pop up in Las Vegas.  We stopped in as a family on a Saturday night (admittedly, after another restaurant next door had a 45+ minute wait) on a whim (read, no reservations... not usually a good idea for this town) and were seated immediately even though the restaurant looked pretty busy.  The hostess was cheerful and friendly.  Our waiter (Josh W. I think-- it was a few weekends ago) was great.  Fantastic attitude, expertly handled multiple random questions from the child, and was attentive but not overbearing.  He answered all of the questions we had and made good recommendations on the menu.  The rest of the staff who helped out at the table did so without getting in each other's way, were all professional and courteous, and they were all smiling (I remember, because I wasn't having the best night and it really made a difference in my attitude to see them all smiling).  The food was great, portions were just right and flavorful.  The atmosphere was appropriate for a Saturday night dinner.  It was conversation-level noise, not too much but not too quiet. There is a children's menu and non-seafood choices on the regular menu.
5	We went to Bonefish grill yesterday for lunch and we were very impressed.  We had the spicy shrimp, salmon salad, mussels, pumpkin creme brulee and the amazing fresh apple martini and the over amazing Roma tomato bloody Mary.  The food was awesome, the atmosphere was chill and Mandy, the mixologist, excels in her craft.  Please come and see her on Sundays for endless mimosas, Mandy and mimosas what more could you ask for?!  We are also gluten free and we were easily accommodated here.  They even threw the spicy shrimp in for free! Bonefish grill is sure to be a regular spot for us.  Do yourself a favor and check them out! You won't be disappointed.
4	I took my in laws here about a month ago and we sat in the restaurant. The food was amazing. There was a gluten free menu, which I appreciate. Service was really, really bad. We waited for over 15 minutes to even be asked what we wanted to drink. It was sub-par service for the whole meal. I spoke to the manager not to complain but to just bring to his attention and he was very apologetic.I went there again today (for the amazing food) and sat in the bar by myself for Happy Hour. I ordered a regular full meal and 2 glasses of wine. This time service was EXCELLENT. The bartender, Mandy, took very good care of me and I think she is super sweet, friendly and knowledgeable. It seemed she knew all the regulars and they loved her. *****5 stars for todays experience :)
4	The bang-bang shrimp is ah-MAZING! So is the black cherry guava mojito! Ambience and wait staff also great!
1	After we were seated, the waiter had taken our order. We had ordered the Bang Bang Shrimp for an appetizer, a side salad, sea bass, and ahi tuna. The gentleman sitting to the left of us received his burger, complained about it being "medium instead of medium rare", and had it replaced by the time we got our Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer.The couple to the right of us (who were seated after us) had their appetizers and was finishing up their main course by the time i got my side salad. This is when i started to get impatient. I mean, its AHI TUNA! Its seared! Not even cooked all the way!!After awhile, we had decided to pay for our tab and leave. I asked the hostess for the check and the manager came out, apologized and was nice enough to covered our bang bang shrimp and side salad. I was a waitress before so i do understand things get backed up and was going to try Bonefish another day.... BUT when i went to the table to leave a tip, our waiter went to K.L and said "its only been 18 mins since your salad came out". WHAT?!?! We have been seated for over 40 mins and all we got was an appetizer and a side salad!
5	Great apps and great entrees!!! Great service too!!!
2	Let down...  we use to go here regularly when we lived near one.  When we were traveling and had opportunity to go, we were quite pleased.   our visit was on a Tuesday.  Sadly, we were disappointed.  Our server was nice but inattentive.  We had to fill our kids water cups with our water because he never asked how theirs were.  I even went to hand him one but he left.  Our food was the low point.....barely warm.  It must have sat in the take out window forever.  He didn't bother to ask.   We next saw him with the check.   For your money, go elsewhere.
4	I took my mother to dinner here for her birthday. Even though it was a busy Friday night, the hostess was very helpful in trying to push my mother and I up in line for waiting. We were even surprised with a little gift for her birthday. The menu has many options, and the food is delicious. I definitely will be visiting again.
3	It's a chain that serves mediocre food at affordable prices. The corn chowder with crab ($7.30) was light on crab, but tasted alright. The wagyu beef and ginger dumplings ($8.90) come six to an order. Not bad, but too busy with all the ingredients. The Maryland crab cake dinner ($17.30) wasn't bad. The two crab cakes had little filling which allowed the sweetness of the crab to shine. The veggies that it came with were an afterthought. We got a side of their butternut squash ravioli, which was ok. The wood-grilled lobster tail ($7.90) was cooked and seasoned well.
5	Had an absolutely delicious anniversary dinner!! && FYI Bang Bang Shrimp Appetizer is a must!!
3	Lets brake it down:SERVICE - was decent, but the server was not knowledgeable of their limited wine list. (seriously, it was only like 10 wines).APPETIZERS - the bang bang shrimp was the savior of the night. The best thing overall.MAIN COURSE - The presentation was LAZY. I felt like I was at a high school cafeteria. The taste of the grilled fish and the crab cakes was good, but not exceptional.Besides that, the ambience is cozy and welcoming; and the food was served at a leisurely pace.
5	First timer and what a treat! Don't even know where to begin. Started out with the Big Bang shrimp and Winter white Cosmo and I was not disappointed. For the entree I had the talapia stuffed with scallops and shrimp and my dinner date ordered Chilean sea bass blacked. Delicious!! And to top it all off, coconut pie. I think I have a new favorite place. Highly recommend to everyone. We had reservations and we were taken in right away. Not sure what the wait would be without. Either way, definitely worth it!
2	Mediocre quality ingredients, all farmed fish and grain-fed beef. The foods in the dishes just didn't really meld together and the plates that came out all had some differences from how they were listed on the menu. The staff was very good, the place was clean and the service was fine. All the negatives lie with the food. Overall, I wouldn't come here again. Had the cobb salad and the swordfish special with bacon and spinach. The dressing on this salad was just terrible. It was okay on its own, but combined with the rest of the salad the flavors just did not work well together at all. The swordfish was "eh", the bacon and spinach were a disappointment. I have high expectations of bacon. The spinach had a poor texture and flavor.
5	Great food. High quality ingredients. Friendly. We've become very picky about food and were really imposed with the meal.
1	It's okay. Great atmosphere but food not so great. I ordered the special,  Swordfish Oscar style and was disappointed when it came out tasting of mesquite.  My Mom had to wait 30 mins for a second drink and my water has been empty about the same time.  My high hopes are crushed.
2	The best part of the meal was the dipping oil for the bread. I found the Bonedish Grille to be an upper scale Red Lobster.
4	This was my first time here.  We were seated ahead of our 8:15 reservation which was nice.  Ordered the ceviche as an appetizer and it was really good.  The bread was amazing! Had the mahi special which was delicious.  The service started off really well and slowly started to decline due to the large party that our server had to attend to. Other than that i would definitely come back when i'm in the mood for seafood.
5	Bonefish Grill is part of the same company that owns Carrabbas, Outback, Roy's, and Flemings. I am a huge fan of this place. They have a great menu with daily specials. When you walk in, you'll notice a nice dimly lit restaurant and the wait staff well dressed and uniform. We went the week of Christmas and I got the Lobster Thermidor Dorado. I finished my plate as I usually do when I dine here.I suggest the Bang Bang Shrimp or the Singapore Calamari for appetizers.For main entrees, you basically select the fish/seafood you would like and then you select the sauce it's cooked in. My favorite is probably the Sea Scallops with Mango Salsa. The four choices are: Mango Salsa, Chimichurri Sauce, Lemon Butter, and Pan Asian. This is a great place with reasonable prices (under $20 for most entrees). If you like Carrabbas, Outback, Roy's or Flemings and you enjoy fresh seafood - this is a must try. 5 Stars for service. 5 Stars for the Quality vs Price of the food. This is much better than most chain restaurants but it's not fine dining.
5	Their chilean sea bass is by far the best I have ever had. The staff and service is just excellent.
3	I want to love this place. Some really great people work here but unfortunately they can't get an order right. My GF had made specific requests and after the food arrived, we asked about it because the food didn't look right, we were then told the way we asked for it was not possible or "would take a while". Drinks are good. Approachable feel. $115 mistake. Ill take some responsibility for not being more clear or not refusing the food when it was brought to me, but I don't like being an asshole.
1	Presentation of the food was great and that's where the greatness ends, they do what a lot of the new hip and trendy restaurants do, they take normal food and put a twist on it, no big deal, service is slow, portions are small, if you're on a diet come here, if you're hungry and like to eat, don't come here!
4	Owned by the same company that owns Roy's and Flemmings (two of our favorite restaurants), we decided to try it out.  The bang bang shrimp appetizer was highly recommended and good, but I didn't think it lived up to the hype.  I had the Tilapia Imperial and the wife had the sea bass with mango salsa.  Both were good, but the Tilapia was the best.  The au gratin potatoes were good, and the spaghetti squash that came with it was surpringly really good.  Oh yeah - watch out for the pre-meal bread - it's like crack!  We couldn't stop eating it.  Prices weren't too crazy (we had 2 mixed drinks and got out the door under $100), and our meal was great.  Definitely more on the menu I'd like to try.
4	Winter white Cosmo and black cherry guava mojito! Yummy  The food was pretty good too!  We had originally planned to eat at Flemings because we had a gift card, but upon our arrival we discover that they are only serving by invitation because they didn't officially open until Friday.  But the valet out front pointed us to Bonefish because it's part of the same restaurant group and we would be able to use our gift card there as well.I am really glad we took his suggestion.  We were just in time for happy hour and the cool thing is they allow you to sit anywhere in the restaurant as opposed to most places that limit seating to the bar area for happy hour.  Service was a little lacking but they were a little busy.  Other than that, our food was really good, the happy hour menu had some good choices but we actually only had the bang bang taco off the list and enjoyed a few things off the regular menu because they sounded so good.So overall, I would return, and try a few of the other appetizing items on the menu.
5	This is my favorite brunch spot in town. Bottomless Bubbles with fresh fruit juice, fluffy omelettes and Bang Bang Shrimp. Been here a dozen times and never disappointed.  Their scallops and filet are out of this world. Happy Hour is also not to be missed with fresh Raspberry Collins, Bang Bang Tacos and friendly bartenders.   It's the service that really stands out. I always sit in the bar area and without fail have had staff who aren't just great servers, but really add to the experience. Love, love, love.
5	This place has quickly become our go to place for special occasions as well as when we need a fish fix.  We've been to this location 4 times and each time was just as good as the last.  We have never had to wait to be seated, drink orders were brought out and refilled quickly, and the food is sensational!  We always have to get the Bang Bang Shrimp when we go and I LOVED the swordfish with pumpkin ravioli (I crave this regularly).  I have also had the Ahi Tokyo style and devoured it!  My husband enjoys their Sir Will's Fish and Chips for lunch which is very tasty.  I'm going to ask him to go tomorrow. hahaha ^_^
1	We had purchased $600 in gift cards for this restaurant online for the holidays for our clients and my husband and I thought we would give it a try.  The place was very busy but they were quick to get us seated.  Our server was the major problem - when we ordered we requested an appetizer, salad and soup, and entrees.  We also requested extra sauce for one of the entrees at the time we ordered.  We never did receive our soup or salad and the waiter really didn't seem to concerned about the fact that he forgot to bring it.  When the entrees came the extra sauce requested did not and by the time we finally got someone to bring it the fish dish was cold.  Our waiters name was Nicholas M - just is case a manager reads this. He was terrible.  It is unfortunate as we probably won't go back.  We certainly hope our clients who received the gift certificates do not have a similar experience.
3	A packed place tonight with an above normal noise level. We had a new waitress who was struggling with the new tablet ordering system. We worked through this minor issue, received all of our specified drinks and food. The Mussels Josephine was superb and the Bang Bang Shrimp was a hit. My wife tried the Corn and Lump Crab soup. She wouldn't share so I can only assume it was great. Our guests were duly impressed with the mussels and shrimp along with their entree choices. To top off the meal we shared (okay, I ate more than my fair share) a wonderful Creme Brulee.
5	Consistently wonderful food, service and specials. So often restaurants coast or decline, but Bonefish never disappoints. From Brunch to Happy Hour and everything in between, it's always a pleasurable experience.
5	I recently went to Bonefish Grill for a friends birthday and I really enjoyed myself. It was Thursday so it wasnt super busy and we were seated quickly. The servers were very attentive and knew the menu in and out. The food came relatively fast and was fresh and enjoyable. I LOVE their calamari. I would recommend trying this place out.
5	I must start by saying...this place is pretty awesome!  I know I ramble...so I thought I'd put my bottom line up top! :)Anyways, so I had seen Bonefish Grill a few times while driving by Town Square and I'd made a mental note to come back, about 500 times... Finally...I remembered!  Boy am I glad I did. I really didn't know what to expect...the restaurant is a new build and seems quite large from the exterior.    While walking up, I noticed a cute little seating area out front, I imagine it would be a nice place to wait when the weather warms.  The front door is a revolving door, SO EXCITED!  What can I say?  I like it. It reminds me very much of New York and gives the restaurant a very cosmopolitan feel.  After going in, I was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was just that...a real restaurant.  (I didn't know what to expect...corner bakery style, chipotle style, a super loud Cheesecake Factory style...or what?!  It was none of these!).  We were greeted by a dark wood bar area with ample seating and also high tables for quick sit down dining.  Adjacent to the bar was comfortably lit and serene dining room.  Windows all around, but with shades so you don't feel like you need sunglasses while indoors. (Don't you hate restaurants like that?!)  The hostess was very nice and friendly. We were seated right away in a long booth. Very comfy.  Our waitress greeted us shortly afterwards and since it was our first time (she asked) she went through specials and favorites. I loved her introduction. Sometimes, I find the waiter/waitress (at other places) insincere or uninformed...but out waitress seemed genuine, knowledgable, and interested in us having a good meal.  Ordering was difficult only because I can only eat 1 meal at a time.  :)Our food came in no time. And I mention this because the dining room was about 75% full with one table that was a large party of about 15.  I ordered a salad with grilled chicken. Salad, onions, corn, black beans, feta...all fresh and delicious. The grilled chicken breast was cut super thin, which I appreciated since it was on a salad. Without me asking, the dressing was on the side. And oh my, their house vinaigrette...LOVE!  I think it's a white cider vinaigrette...but I could be wrong. SO GOOD!!!  My lunch date ordered tilapia tacos...I didn't try them, but she said they were YUMMY!I decided I had to come back for the sea bass.  I CAN'T WAIT!See you soon Bonefish Grill!
5	Food is always amazing.  Tried some different food not our usual. Always have the bang bang shrimp!!
4	Tried the bang bang shrimp, calamari, mussels, and the beets and goat cheese salad.  bang bang shrimp reminded me of honey walnut shrimp dish at Chinese restaurants... It wasn't anything spectacular.  the calamari was just ok... I've had better.  the mussels were great I definitely recommend it.  the most memorable dish was the beets and goat cheese salad. I don't know what they did to it, but it was freakin good... probably the best in head yet.  in my opinion the place is a bit overpriced, however one can't really go wrong with this place especially if they enjoy fish. the staff is friendly. oh I ordered an old fashioned and it was one of the best I've had. so I would come here again, but I'm not sure if I'd have any strong urges to come here like some other places.
4	I had never heard of Bonefish before but was given a $25 gift card so why not try it out? The good definitely outweighed the bad here. To be honest, the only thing that I disliked was the price point. First of all, the service was GREAT. We barely noticed that the drinks and food were coming out slowly because our server was so helpful and attentive. We even took a while to decide on what to get and he never rushed us. The drinks were pretty delicious and a good amount for the price. We had the grapefruit margarita, a sangria (I don't remember which one), and a white cranberry cosmo. The cosmo was too strong for my friend's taste so our server kindly brought us white cranberry juice to mix. I won't bore you with every single detail of the food. Let's just say that you definitely need to get the bang bang shrimp. So worth it. The highlight of the food for me was that their portion sizes were perfect (read: not 10 servings on one plate) and the seafood was cooked amazingly as well. It's easy to overcook seafood but everything was tender and of good quality (firm, turgid meat). The price is a little steep but I think we were just unprepared for the epicness so my friends and I will definitely return once we're ballin'. You do get what you pay for. -1 star because my boyfriend got sick right after eating there. (He's still excited to go back anyway.)
4	I was here just to try out their happy hour. sat at the bar with my cousin. we tried the bang bang shrimp tacos. excellent..pretty big tacos for a happy hour menu...also ordered the siracha pepper chicken which was also excellent..small happy hour menu but great stuff..Mandy was our server/bartender..she was very nice and attentive and very informative with the menu...
4	Love this place for many reasons. First: on a mild Spring or Winter day you can enjoy sitting outside in their patio. The sun will just shine enough to make you feel warm and cozy. Beautiful set up.Second: The staff, and especially the manager, is friendly and very professional. They recommend, and explain their specials etc. I especially love the Bang Bang Shrimp sandwich. The mix of the dressing, the spices, the amount of shrimp, and the crispy light bread roll. Delicious!!! My husband likes the fish and chip dish. The fish is very crispy and ligth. Yummy! Try it!
5	It's a funny story how we ended up here..We actually had a living social deal to Flemings, they were too busy so we stopped into bonefish having read such great reviews. We were not disappointed. Loved this place! The fish wasn't fishy at all, cooked just right and the whipped potatoes were perfect. Garbanzo beans were the veggie of the evening, even those were delicious! Manhattan wasn't anything to write home about but the happy hour is pretty reasonable. Our server was josh I believe? He was knowledgeable, helpful and persuasive. He definitely made our evening enjoyable!Happy hour ends at 630 I believe? But the entree options looked amazing, hubby and I chose the specials they had for the night. I will definitely be back!
4	The first thing Bonefish has going for it is an intriguing menu. I hate restaurants where my first impression is a menu full of items I could have made at home. From there, the cocktails are delish (we had a variety of different hand-crafted cocktails from martinis to margaritas and more), and the starters are great (we tried the mussels and the Bang Bang Shrimp). All of our entrees were good, especially the Tilapia Imperial, and the desserts were to die for (we had the Strawberry Shortcake, brownie, and creme brulee). The shortcake was our favorite of the three. But aside from the interesting menu, inventive cocktails, and delicious food, Bonefish has exceptional service. Our waitress, Rachael, was attentive, congenial, and generally fabulous. She gave us great recommendations (I hate servers who respond to the question "What would you recommend?" with the question "Well, what do you like?"), and we left full and smiling, which is what dining out SHOULD be all about. :)
5	The food was awesome here...it's reasonably priced and they seem to know what they are doing. I was very surprised because I ordered a filet mignon and they cooked it perfectly and my wife had 2 lobster tails and we just shared it and all under 100. Awesome
2	The service is horrible! Food is good, but they need to be trained and get some management in there that will train the waiting staff what people expect when they dine out.
5	This place is SOOO good! This is definitely one of my new favorite seafood restaurants in town. The restaurant itself is a little on the small side, but it's cute and definitely great for a date night or intimate conversation. The bar area has a TV and is pretty cozy. Service has been fairly consistent. We've had a couple servers that seemed like they were new and maybe having issues with explaining the menu properly but I can look past that when the food tastes as great as it does. The food here is really phenomenal. Every time I've come here the fish always tastes incredibly fresh. You get free bread with pesto for dipping that is really fantastic and the bang bang shrimp is a must. Great drinks, better food. Worth every penny.
3	Hmmmm,  I really liked Bonefish and when I was there entertaining clients at their Orlando Florida restaurant, I was wishing that they had one of these restaurants in Las Vegas.  My dream came true and I am tried this place yesterday with the family.Overall, I have to give this a weak three star.  Here is the deal, it is both good and bad, I will go back again, just that it was not what I expected.1.  Let's go with the good stuff first:a. Ambiance - Very nicely decorated franchise restaurant,  good size bar with Sports on. Very friendly staff and greeters. Very efficient.b. Availability - I like the fact that I made a reservation 1.5 hours before dinner and was able to get a nice table by the window.c.  Service - Pretty darn good, very attentive and very willing to please.d.  Menu - Very large menu, something for everyone.  From seafood appetizers, hamburgers, salads, fish, chops and steaks, dessert, very cool.  Plenty of draft beers and a "just right" selection of wine.2.  Now, let's go with the odd stuff next.a.  Ambiance - As the sun was setting, why would they lower the lights in the restaurant and open up the window shade that was at our table?  It brought in the oddest, most unpleasant light from the dusk that was not light, but an eerie glow and feeling. It was also odd to have a motorized shade going up while you were eating right next to it.  I don't want dusty bits flying around while I am eating....b.  Food - We had salmon, seared Ahi Tuna, Chilean Sea Bass, Atlantic Swordfish Oscar, steamed broccoli, steamed asparagus and steamed medley of vegetables.  To me, the sea bass was absolutely wonderfully just okay. It was small, and I ordered the asparagus which cost 2.00 more.  Now I know that asparagus compared to broccoli and string beans is more expensive, but for 5 sprigs of asparagus, I would think 2.00 extra is a bit much.  Also, the sea bass was okay, but what got me was the size.  I am thinking the size was either small, or the plate was way too big.  Perhaps the 5 sprigs asparagus took up too little room?  The grilled salmon was good, I stole a taste from the kids, but I am not sure if they were happy to see a glaze on the salmon. I think it was a miso glaze, but you know, it should be on the menu.  The Ahi Tuna was pretty darn good, just that it looks like a lot because it is presented over rice so it looks like a good portion. c.  Overall, I find the food was uninspiring and not excitable for me. I would try perhaps the steak or hamburger next time.  Also, some non seafood appetizers would be good for the kiddies.I will try the place again, just that I need some motivation for this place.GK says, not bad, if you are in the area.
2	so remember the movie rat race. when all the people are racing for a bag of money in a train station in new mexico... thats how i feel about this place.we had a really strange experience here... we were told that our waiter would be right over by 4 different people who all looked like they'd just been slapped in the face, dazed and confused...i'm 90% sure our server was drunk or high or something with his slurred surfer boy speech about the tacos being "super-rad"we ordered a couple sangrias which were more like blueberry koolaid with sprite. whatever.our appetizers finally came, dumplings were room temp, calamari was so over cooked it was like eating slightly-rubbery rigor mortis of cotton balls. the tacos, however, were "super-rad". so theres that.finally our entre came. it was pretty good aside from the awkward lump of tomatoes and chick peas that were just kinda hanging out,flavorless and sad in the corner of the plate.the whole vibe was really weird, and then the 30 minute wait for the check began. "can we get our check?" i'll find your server. -- no one ever comes back. 4 times we did this dance until I finally flagged our server down with what might as well have been smoke signals and a high school marching band style.anyway it was a very strange situation....
2	I remember how good the Eastern Ave location was  It's been a long time since I ate at a Bonefish. I remembered how awesome the bang bang shrimp was and the delicious bread with the dipping sauce. I was so excited thinking about what I was going to eat. Hostess sat us right away and the waiter got our drinks and orders. Of course, we started with the bang bang shrimp and waygu ginger dumplings. Not at all what I remembered.. Shrimp was not crispy, sauce needed salt. How disappointing. Dumplings were ok. And where was the bread?? Had to ask for bread. Bread was warm but dipping sauce was olive oil with specks of pesto. Maybe I was expecting more. Onto Chilean sea bass, it was ok. Small serving. Crab cakes were ok. Soft and soggy. Sauce ok. It was just an ok dinner for two that cost $132 with just ok service.
5	Great selection of fish, plus plenty of other non-seafood options. Gluten free menu has an array of food to choose from too :) service has been great both times I went. Definitely recommend the Chilean sea bass
5	Annie made our night tonight. The food was fresh and tasty, the wine was good and the service---excellent!!!
4	I went here for lunch. Got a cold blue moon on tap. I then went to the Fish Taco and Cesar salad combo. It was a GREAT salad and probably the best fish tacos I have ever had. These aren't street tacos... These are elegant tacos done high class, taste and quality. I will be back...FOR SURE
5	---Rant---Good food, great service!  I love great service and our waitress came back to ask how we were doing a few times, water was refilled very quickly, and we were asked more than once if the food was good.The food was presented very well and was rather tasty, but much too salty for my taste.  Additionally, avoid the "white sauce"...it's super fattening and salty. Urg.  Besides that, the shrimp and fish tacos were pretty good.  The bacon-wrapped scallops were amazing. We enjoyed the appetizers a bit more than the main entrees so keep that in mind when ordering as it's likely you'll experience the same!Side note - I left my credit card there! I only noticed the next day when I was leaving to come back home as I was at the gas station about to pay for gas! I called them immediately to see if they had it and as sure as Dahmer is burning in hell getting gang-raped by strap-on-wearing lesbians, they had it at the front desk waiting for me!Great service, awesome dining experience.  Food could be a bit better~---Overall---Service: A+.  Awesome~Food: B.  Salty, secretly fattening, but damn good~Atmosphere: A. Very cozy, intimate atmosphere.  Great for date night
2	The original location by my area in seven hills shut down but luckily I was excited t hear that they relocated by town square. The restaurant is located in the outskirts of townsquare by las vegas blvd at the NE section of the shopping center.We arrived just before dinner was starting and were seated in the dining area within a few seconds.  The waitress was complaining to the manager saying, "really i have to do all these tables?" This really irked me and literally made me want to leave but i figure i would at least try out the food and enjoy my company with my lady.Initial Service: The waitress wasn't very pleasing as she came to our table with this "Why do i have to serve you" sort of expression which continued to ruin my experience there.  Took about 15 minutes for our drinks to come out.  I got the bonefish martini which was actually pretty good and gave a decent buzz.  She got the fresh cucumber collins which was refreshing.  Entrees: We read all about the bang bang and we basically did a drive by.  We ordered bang bang tacos,  bang bang chicken and bang bang shrimp lmao.  Plus it was a good "bang" for the buck being $6 for each entree during happy hour on i think it was a wednesday?  The entrees were all very good but it was too much bang.  The sauce they use is like a spicy mayo with green onions.Ending:  I ordered another martini and noticed something shiny in my drink.  Thought it was a golden ticket for Wonka's chocolate factory but it was aluminum from a whisky top.  I reported this to the manager and he apologized by saying hes not sure how they got there but it must've been from the ice machine.  He ended up comping one of our bang bangs and getting me a new drink "metal free."Overall:  Poor service with the waitress.  Great alcohol and good food. Check your ice cubes before you sip your drinks**Daily * 4pm - 6:30pm$1 off Draft BeerHalf-Price House Wine, Well & Select Spirits$5 Select Cocktails (all day, every day)Sun - Thr  4pm - 6:30pm   "Happier Hours"$5 - $6 Appetizer Menu (see menu below)Bang Wednesday Wed  4p - close $5 Bang Bang Shrimp
1	1 word : DisgustingNot fresh or flavorful . The complimentary bread was the only thing worth eating . Never again. Would not recommend . 4 stars for this place is very deceiving. If you want to go to a restaurant where everything tastes the same, this is your spot. If you are a foodie this place is not for you.
4	I went to this restaurant in another state and fell in love. I had the same expectations here but it's never quite as good. I usually order salmon or ahi tuna with some appetizers to start with and my food is always wonderful but they never cook my husband's steak well enough. He orders medium well every time and it comes out almost rare. I don't know what's going on with that but the seafood is wonderful.
4	This is a great place! They always have great specials and the bang bang shrimp is amazing! Also, one of the best happy hours in town.
5	Fabulous food - great service! The manager checked on every table & brought us 2 glasses of champagne for our belated anniversary. Highly recommend!
3	I want to group Olive garden, cheese cake factory and bonefish grille etc. into the same categories of resturants. Probably not very exciting due the standard menu, but you would expect reasonably good food and decent service. But based on my recent experience, I do not think I will go back any time soon. My review is based primarily on the quality of the food and one problem with the service. I went to Bonefish Grille a couple years ago at another location and I remembered liking the Bang Bang shrimp, but not like my entree back then. When I was here tonight, I was surprised to find the Bang Bang shrimp is $13 or something like that, quite a price jump from my memory. I ordered the sea bass with Asian sauce and it comes with seasonal vegetable and I can choose another side. I chose the couscous. It turns out to be a major disappointment. The fish recipe is not well designed in the first place and I think the execution is poor as well. In my opinion, Chilean sea bass is very good fish. It taste good by itself and it is really hard to screw up. But somehow Bonefish made it happen. The only good thing is the fish is still tender and juicy (as I said the fish is very forgiving). The first problem is the sauce is awful and it totally overpowers the delicate fish. The sauce is labeled as pan Asian sauce, but it tastes somewhat sweet with a tomato undertone. So it tastes like a cheap generic sweet and sour sauce. Diluted soy sauce or salt/pepper would probably be much better. When the food itself is good, the recipe should be simple to show-case the food material itself. There are also some shredded carrots on top of the fish. They are totally unnecessary and so out of place. Who on earth wants sweet and sour fish with carrots? Why on earth call it Asian sauce? I do not know any Asian cuisine cook delicate fish in sweet sour sauce with carrots.The second problem is the outer surface of the fish steak is burnt. I understand the fish is probably seared in the pan first and then baked or grilled. But apparently the temperature of the pan is too high. The fish surface can be slightly crispy, golden brown, but not bitter and burnt. So I think it is not executed well. Thirdly, the menu says the dish comes with a side of seasonal vegetable and it turns out to be Garbanzo beans. I would not consider them to be seasonal and when I think of vegetables, I generally do not think of Garbanzo beans either. It tastes ok. But if you would like fresh vegetables (i.e., broccoli, zucchini, asparagus etc.) like I do, please ask the waiter what the seasonal vegetable actually is. Make no assumptions. Lastly, the bathroom is out of towel paper and there is no hand drying equipment either. I think it is a negligence of the management. With all above being said, our waitress is attentive and friendly. The ambience is comfortable and trendy. If you are not very concerned with the food taste and would rather choose familiarity from the chains (i.e., the food and the ambiance), I think this may still be a good place.
2	Great food, the Chilean sea bass was excellent with the side sauce they recommended and the sides were great...if you can get me to enjoy chickpeas then you've done well.Service was terrible...both of our drinks were empty when our fish came and the guy never offered to refill them, not during the meal or even at the end of the meal...Also, I showed the girl at the front a gift card at "Roy's" upon entering the restaurant which is in the same family of restaurants and asked if they accepted it...she said, "yup, expires 4/30, we take this". When the bill came they wouldn't accept it and the manager didn't care what I had been told before we sat down.That reason on top of the horrible service moves them from a 4/5 star review to 2 stars.
2	6pm on a Thursday night and we are seated and it takes over ten minutes until anyone even looks at us.  Some busboy finally asks if anyone has helped us...and offered to get some water and iced tea.  So...not off to the best start.  When a waiter finally comes to talk to us we tell him we are ready to order...then he starts in explaining everything we don't care about and don't want or need to hear.  Then he apologizes saying they were having a shift change...really?!  Right in the middle of dinner rush hour...whatever.So we order the Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer, fish tacos, Salmon and a Caesar salad.  The appetizer shows up very quickly...and was pretty good...breaded deep fried shrimp in some type of good sauce.  About ten minutes pass and...the main courses arrive.  I casually mention that my salad never came and to please make sure I'm not charged for it.  Still not improving.The tacos were good and served hot.  The Salmon was okay and served hot.  Frankly for a fresh fish house I was really expecting the salmon to be better than...say...any random cafe.  It was not.  It was on the lower side of average...kind of small and too dry.The one saving grace for this place was that it was not too expensive.  We had a complimentary card for the appetizer, so the bill with tip was exactly $50.  I can think of literally a dozen other places $50 gets two people a better experience and food.Considering we eat every dinner out, we get around a lot.  I can assure you Bonefish is off the list.  Maybe I'll forget all of this in a year or three and try again then.
5	Took Mother-n-law here for MOTHERS DAY Brunch on Sunday May 11th and she had eaten here before and was my husband & I's first experience.  We all three had the EGGS BENEDICT selection and while there were a few problems, quickly taken care of by Andy our server and bartender.  Must say Andy was the best that I have experienced in my 30 years in Las Vegas.  One of the most attentive servers ever.  He must be recognized for his prompt friendly service and making our experience the best.  We definitely will be back.  Great atmosphere and friendly staff  Marcus the manager was fantastic...THANK YOU MARCUS, ANDY & KARI.
3	I come here 2-3 times per week sometimes, then take a break and go back again multiple times per week.I went last Wednesday and had the BB shrimp- it was excellent. I went back again on Saturday afternoon and of course ordered the BB shrimp, but it was not the same as 4 days prior, there was literally no breading or sauce on my shrimp. I ate it up since I was starving...but I think they changed the recipe or something?disappointed....
3	This place was okay. The restaurant itself looks nice and we were seated right away. My waitress was nice. But the food took forever to come out which I know wasn't her fault. The crab cakes and lobster stuffed shrimp were delicious. The Baja fish tacos were not however. Rubios has better fish tacos. Will possibly try again. Hopefully their food timing is better when we do.
5	Blackberry Sangria is sinful especially Sunday Brunch they're endless with entree $19.99 :)
4	Great atmosphere and pretty decent food. Excellent service, we had a pretty large group but we were we'll attended to. Waiters look like chefs, super professional. I don't know about eating here for dinner, the fish entrees were alright but not amazing. I would def come back for the appetizers. Wagyu dumplings: awesome.  Shrimp is like half off on Wednesdays so better to take advantage of that. Decent prices on beers and cocktails. Great place for appetizers and drinks.
3	Not bad.Probably better than you would expect from a chain restaurant.  Good food for a reasonable price.Got free Bang Bang Shrimp coupon from their Facebook, which we thought was a good deal. Enjoyed sirloin steak / crab cakes combo and scallops with shrimp. The portion was generous.
5	This is a large restaurant with a full dine in bar and separate dining area. I've been to this restaurant many times and its one of our favorite! We always bring our guest here and they enjoy their food too!!! Their seafood are absolutely amazing!! Last night my hubby enjoyed the Rainbow Trout but i wanted to try something different so I had the sirloin stake with crab cake this time, with fresh pineapple Martini, it was out of this world delicious and by the way i love the bread and butter, All I can say is great food with friendly staff. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have great night out!
5	this place is great. Sevice. we were there the first time for a birthday. The manager was so nice. We got a surprise gift for the birthday. The second time we were there just for the food. The manager gave us free appetizers by mistake. LOL. Well, have no idea how the manager felt, we felt so happy. lol. in sum, i like the service there. they made us feel welcomed and sweet. Food. I forgot what we ordered. But I do remember the free appetizer, shrimp. It was very good. The food was fast too. Will go there again definitely.
5	Not only the food was great, the service was wonderful! We went there to celebrate mother's day and they were very busy, but still provided excellent service. You know you are appreciated there and I can't say enough good things about Bonefish Grill.Must haves: bang bang shrimp and Chilean sea bass! their mango salsa was soooo grrrreat as well.
4	Got the bang bang shrimp to start then the filet and crab cake. Was really good. Waiter made nice recommendations which was nice. Also gave us a buy 1 get 1 free coupon for lunch.
2	Well unfortunately I wasn't impressed. My friend suggested this place so I took a look @ their menu on line & already knew what I wanted before I even got there. My friend was already there, seated. We had waters on the table to start. Our young waitress cane over & introduced herself (forgot her name) & asked us about drinks & apps. after I had to tell her I couldn't hear her. She had a very soft voice & the place was busy & nosey. Our cocktails took some time to get to us but they were really pretty & tasted yes yummy! (see pictures). I got the pineapple martini....made with rum not vodka. I asked if bread came with the meal since I saw some at the table next to us & was told yes. The bread was delicious, tasted homemade but the oil & herb dip wasn't so good. Had a odd taste to it. I was soooo hungry I ate it anyways, though it would of been better if I had some butter! We both got a lobster tail dinner on special $u13.90 & added a lobster tail on $8.00. A tad cheaper then the lobster tails dinner on  the full menu. It was OK, but had this different odd fishy taste to it. Now, now I know lobster is a seafood but I've never had a lobster that tasted so fishy before. Now the menu had a ton of shrimp items in it & also other fish & steak stuff too. All non-pasta meals come with a side of veggies but all I saw was squash in my veggies. Tastes as if they sprinkled cheese on it....I could of done without the extra calories. We also got to chose a side. I picked the potato au-gratin which wasnt very tasty or good!  We waited too long for out checks after our table was cleared too......I don't like the set up inside. The tables were all to close to each other. No room for a private conversation, or to hang your purse on the corner of the chair without someone knocking into it or worrying if someone People had to walk almost sideways to get by & through the dinner room. It's as if they were trying to  squeeze more tables then they could by putting all the tables so close. Not sure if I will go back!
3	Food was okay,  not great. My martini was tasty.  Service was okay. The tables were too close together
1	This is my second time I have been there. First time was mediocre, but this time the food was boring. I decided to start with the oatmeal for breakfast $3.90. Not much you expect from oatmeal... But the problem is that they gave me super sour/tart with awful tasting blueberries that weren't ripe. I had to remove them from the oatmeal. I told the waitress about them and didn't really get a sincere response. Next thing I see is another guy taking the box of blueberries somewhere else from the kitchen...I hope I don't get sick from it. Then I had the oscar omelet which was so so. Food is not as upscale as the place looks. I told my friend, don't take me here for my bday ever lol!
5	Haven't been to a Bonefish in years and can't understand why.  The aroma of the smoked cedar planks hits you as you walk in the door and causes a Pavlov-like response.  The Bang Bang  Shrimp Flatbread isn't traditional flatbread at all but  lightly tempura fried shrimp in a creamy spicy romelade sauce.  Both the Crab Cake Dinner and the Rock Fish Oscar were excellent.   The beer was among  the coldest I've had in Vegas and the Key Lime Pie is made on-site with fresh key limes.  Excellent meal.
3	We ventured over here for lunch away from the strip. It's a nice mid-range restaurant. The server was friendly and very efficient, which made the dining experience pleasant.I had the bang bang shrimp. I was curious since it seems to be a 'thing' at Bonefish Grill. It was just ok. I expected something spicy that would be filled with a burst of flavor. It wasn't. It was fried shrimp with a light creamy sauce coating. If you're going to say something is spicy - it really should be spicy. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't heat either. The tortillas on the soft tacos were hard. I'm not sure if it was because the tortillas were not fresh or if they were grilled and left out too long. The side of pesto couscous was good. It was light and refreshing.One dining companion had the grilled fish of the day lunch entree which was rock fish. Mango salsa was added. He got a side of Asian slaw. This dish was so good, he didn't even share one bite. He said it was really good. The other companion had the Lily's salmon lunch entree with fries. I didn't try this one either, but at least he offered. It was a beautiful presentation on the plate (except for the fries).For dessert we shared the coconut pie. Keep in mind this isn't a cream pie (in case you're more familiar with that). It was served with whipped cream on top. It smelled sugary and sweet. Once I took a bit, I was intrigued. It had a familiar taste. The consistency and flavor was different, but it reminded me of coconut butter mochi. It really seemed like this dessert was inspired by one of my favorite treats. Yay! This dessert will definitely bring me back here!
3	I was definitely excited to try this place for a girls dinner party. When I arrived, I was greater by (who I assume) was the manager. Very friendly and helped me find my group. Once I sat down, it was nearly impossible to get a drink order in since all had already done so. Finally when we ordered din, I got a drink too. Our table had two waiters, which was confusing. You'd think by having two we'd have prompt service. Not the case. Wrong order, app brought out early when it was asked to be an entree, again took for ever to get my second drink... Oh and my entree came 15 minutes after everyone else's even though we ordered together. We asked twice about it... Then it popped up. They offered to spilt our checks, which was nice (we were prepared to pay cash). And when we got out checks, half were messed up. Then one of the waiters accused two of us for not paying for our drinks... When we explained they were on others tabs and we straightened it out, he never apologized. I realize group outings can be difficult for restaurants but we were a considerably easy table with a lot of blunders. Service, 2 stars (with the exception of the initial greeter/manager?)I ordered the red sangria which was great! Tastes like grape juice, much sweeter than your average sangria. So may be a no-go for some. And the baja fish tacos with chips. A fresh mango salsa topping the tacos was definitely above par! My food was a solid 4.5 stars. I'll return but most likely will hit the bar area.
3	I went to this location for a dinner with my girlfriend and her parents for the father's day celebrations. This location is pretty busy, so I would highly recommend that you reserve a table ahead of time, otherwise you might end up waiting for 30 minutes. After we were seated, the waiter came over to take the order. I ordered the steak and crab cake, with asparagus and mashed potatoes. My gf and her parents ordered salmon and sea bass. While we were waiting for our dinner we got their complimentary bread with olive oil and pesto dip. It was a great pseudo appetizer to meal that we were about to have. Approximately, 20 minutes later the dinner arrived. The steak and crab cake came with a lobster bisque sauce. The steak was good, however it wasn't perfect, it wasn't seasoned enough and the crab with lobster bisque sauce was bit to salty. Asparagus looked like it was heavily drenched in steroids; this thing had bigger muscles than me (Got to love genetically modified vegetables).  I tried my gf's salmon and it was pretty good. Seasoned properly with delicious lemon butter sauce. Overall (3/5), good for chain restaurant, but you can do way better when it comes to seafood at other locations in LV.
4	Usually not a fan of fish restaurants, and worry about quality and flavor of fish in chains like this. My first time to Bonefish a friend suggested it since we were in the area, so I went with it. To my surprise it is lovely inside, and our service was way above average. Bang bang shrimp seems to be pretty popular there, so I started with that and then had wild salmon with asparagus and jasmine rice for my entree. Our waiter Cameron was very sweet and explained the dishes well. I trusted his description of the salmon and it was very good. The cocktails were alright, I didn't feel that any of their "special" drinks looked so incredible, but my companion didn't send his drink back, so he must have enjoyed it. Overall I was quite impressed and I'm wondering why the reviews of the bang bang shrimp aren't better! I would go again with no hesitation
3	Between a 3-4 as the bottomless bubbles brunch is a good deal for 20 bucks!  Went their with girlfriends and had a great time!I had the surf and turf eggs Benedict which the both the steak and lobster were too tough although the potatoes au gratin were really good.  That is why a 3 rating, drinks were good and a good price just a little disappointed in my main meal.Bottomless deal includes a meal from a big range if choices plus bottomless blackberry sangrias, mimosas or bellinis.
2	I've now eaten here 3 times. 2 out of the 3, our order was taken correctly, the kitchen made the wrong order. The last time, they even made the reorder wrong. Food is decent and priced fairly. you won't be blown away by anything
4	I liked this place, service was good, grilled salmon was great! I also tried watermelon martini, very refreshing. Cool place with warm atmosphere, I recommend.
2	Bang bang shrimp was good, so were the drinks. The Eggs Benedict was ok. Except the English muffin was raw, kind of gross, but I didn't want to wait any longer for another one. The restaurant wasn't very busy, even though it was peak lunch time. Still took awhile to get the food. Staff new it was special occasion, didn't acknowledge in any way. The environment wasn't inviting & food was mediocre, won't be going back.
4	We went today for lunch.  None of us had ever been.  My friends had the scallops with the mango salsa.  They did not comment on it...one way or another.  It looked good though.  I had the Kobe beef burger, it was really tasty, The waiter said...best burger you will ever get in a seafood restaurant.  I think he was right.I think next time I would like to try the brunch.  Seems like a great deal if you like cocktails...bottomless Mimosas, Bellinis or Sangrias...and lots of choices of fruits to mix in.
1	We came here for a date night dinner and honestly just had a horrible experience at Bonefish Grill. Not only was our server rude but unwilling to set forth any effort. We asked her if we could possibly have the trout prepared almandine style since we saw they had almonds in other parts of the menu but her response was that she had never heard of trout almandine and did not know what it was. So instead of asking the chef if it was possible to accommodate our request she just said no we could not order that. I had the lobster which arrived completely cold and when I asked our server for a side of lemon butter her answer was that my order did not come with lemon butter. She must have read my mind by look on my face because she conceded and brought it out. My zucchini and squash were completely overcooked and the broccoli I chose as my side was mostly yellow instead of green and was part mush and part rock hard raw broccoli. I ordered the Arnold Palmer iced tea and quite frankly the Snapple Arnold Palmer I get from a bottle tastes better than this. The restaurant manager looked lost just walking around the restaurant and did not stop at any of the tables to speak to anyone. When he saw that I was trying to get his attention he looked away and kept right on walking. You can tell he was not interested in speaking with anyone and trying to avoid any confrontation. If our experience is an indicator of others experiences maybe he's just tired of listening to complaints and not interested in changing any of the problems. What a waste of money, time and a date night. Will definitely not be back.
2	I used to love this place.  Last Friday my husband and I came here for dinner.  We ordered the ceviche for an appetizer and shared the Trout.  Fish was good but the sides were small (2 slices of zucchini cut up and a dollop of rice).  The rice was so salty we could not eat it.
2	This evening my friend and I thought, "let's go to bonefish grill" we researched it on yelp and the presentation looked awesome.  Unfortunately the presentation and the waiter  were the only thing awesome. I tried the "Ahi Bowl" and my friend tried the"Chilean Sea Bass" the Ahi  bowl was a bit off in color and the Sea Bass tasted like it was soaked in petrol. On the bright side we did enjoy each others company and a great bottle ofSanta Margarita Pinot Grigio!!!That's really all that mattered!!!Food is definitely subpar!!!Damn I really did want to like this place!!!!
3	Bonefish has recently redesign their menu. They appear to have a lot of promotions and the food quality still pretty good. We decided to come back for brunch and we found an awesome deal... You can pick you entree (omelets, egg Benedict's or burger w egg) + unlimited mimosa for just 20 bucks!!! This is really the best deal in town! The food was great and the service was also good! I wish yelp would have the option to give 3.5 score as this place is definitely better than average. Things to order: kobe beef burger!
5	More great food from beyond the Strip.I came here with a few friends visiting Vegas. The service here was divine (as it always in anywhere remotely near the Strip), and the starting bread and pesto was refilled frequently enough that we had to make an effort to save room for the main course.I had the seared tuna paired with a pinot noir. Definitely as good if not better than I thought it was. My friends had similar success with the daily specials and ahiahi dishes.My only complaint (as with a lot of restaurants) is that it was really dim inside. Ah well, save a little of the electric bill I guess.
5	I recently wrote a review about bonefish because my wife and I had a bad experience. We spoke with the manager Marcus and he said he was going to turn it around for us the next time we came in and he did just that. He listened to us complain and basically be right the disparage the place  but took it as constructive criticism and really made changes that we were able to notice upon our next visit.As consumers were generally quick to complain when something isn't right so I wanted to be just as quick and express how Marcus and the guys over at bonefish turned things around for us!Great job. my wife and I Love bonefish again.
5	FRESH!  That is the word of the day here at this restaurant.  The fish is so tasty that it was obviously swimming around in the water, very recently.  One of the best parts about the restaurant (aside from the deliciousness of the dinners) is the price.  Instead of going to Bartalotta's at Wynn and spending $200 a person, you can go to Bonefish and really indulge there for a mere $100 per couple (including everything).  So, when it comes down to it - both places give you super-fresh fish, but only one gets it to you at a great price.  I love this place and am hoping to visit there (and eat) again soon.  Kudos to Bonefish!!
5	From the music to the lighting to the food this place is amazing. Everytime I go there I am blown away. Shawn the bartender is amazing and his knowledge is impeccable.  Danny the front of the house manager is always around and making sure that everything is perfect. I live this place!
5	We had a 6pm reservation and the hostesses sat us immediately.  When we say down there was a mix up and our server didn't stop by and check in so we sat for several minutes.  I approached the hostesses and they sent DANNY the manager over and he fixed things up quickly.  He have us an appetizer on the house and got bread/water/cocktails and drinks for my kids ordered immediately!  He then assigned us a very conscientious server, Heather, who was AMAZING!Everyone makes mistakes, even restaurants but what matters is a humble attitude to fix it.  Danny and Heather and the hostesses were amazing!
4	Overall was a positive experience. Server was extremely knowledgeable and professional. That is what stood out to me the most. The food was on the better end of chain restaurant quality, but still chain restaurant quality. Good taste, not amazing. Had fish and chips, good portion, crisp batter, meaty white meat fish. Others at the table had crab cakes, which were flavorful and came with a nice spicy remoulade but wow they were really small crab cakes. The plate looked empty. The surf and turf burger would be what I would most recommend. Parm fries were really good. Prices are extremely fair here, which was great. Hardly anything is over $13 on the lunch menu. I'm from NYC, where $13 gets you a side dish.
5	Had a good meal and excellent service.  I will be back.  I love my seafood and a good steak. I got what I want how I wanted it.The atmosphere: Not bad. Casual, clean and not too crowded but I did come early on a Wednesday. The service: The service sealed the deal. Kameron was a knowledgeable and gracious waiter. He forgot nothing,  was fast and made sure everything was exactly how I wanted.The food: I ordered a filet mignon with cous cous and my server suggested a ceviche for a starter or a cup of corn chowder. I ordered both. Both were yummy. My steak was timed just right. It was hot and delicious. Prices: Average priced and not too expensive for the atmosphere and type of food.  Location: I must have passed it by many times because I go into Town Square the south entrance.  It is actually really easy to find on the north end. A lot of good parking.  I'll be back for sure.
5	Excellent customer service! We came for the sunday brunch. Great deal with excellent food! Our server was very efficient and friendly. Gave us great menu recommendations.  We will return.
5	This place absolutely rocks!  I just found out that they are putting a Bonefish Grill on Charleston in Summerlin.  Of all the seafood restaurants in Las Vegas, I would say this is the best one.  The scallops are amazing and my favorite drink is their martini with a frozen watermelon cube.  The environment is also fun and the service is excellent.
4	I came here with my girlfriends for Happy Hour on a Tuesday. They were offering an awesome Lobster Tuesday special when we went. We were served fresh baked crusty bread with a seasoned olive oil for dipping, very tasty. I ordered the Sangria press with blackberries for my cocktail which was overly sweetened. Bang bang shrimp tacos were offered on the HH menu and they were crispy, sweet and delicious! The Ceviche with chips on the HH menu was just ok, not enough citrus for my taste, at least the chips were freshly fried. For the Lobster Tuesdays special I ordered the lobster tail which was perfectly cooked. The restaurant is very clean and  classy, I'll definitely come back especially for the Bang Bang shrimp!
3	I would give 3.5 stars if I could but yelp doesn't do the half stars. All or nothing baby. This place is a nice chain and that's about it. I had the lobster grilled cheese with lobster bisque, tasty! My friend had the shrimp tacos, also good but not as good as mine. I'm only rating low because lack of desirable service and prices for what it is. Just know what you're getting  when you come to bonefish: overpriced and nothing to brag about chain food.
3	This place is a tricky one for me. I have been 4-5 times.I have had some AMAZING meals here and I have had a couple really mediocre meals. I am not sure I really understand. How can they be so great and so meh at the same time?Now, I will always ask for the waitperson to make recommendations.That seems to be the way to go here. An insider's tip.And hopefully they will become more consistent, now that they are preparing to open one really close to our house.Overall, we keep going back, the service is always A+, and the decor is comfy, not to loud and a great place to bring people for dinner.
5	I usually sit at the bar when I dine at this location. And everything is ALWAYS on point! Service from the bartenders Shawn and Amy is impeccable. I usually come in alone and they make me feel like I'm not which makes me always want to come back! Food is delicious every time. I had the malbec marinated steak last time and oh my gosh it was superb! I will definitely get it again! The drinks are always good and everything is fresh. I love this place and recommend it to people that come in to the restaurant that I work at all the time! Oh and make sure you try the pumpkin ravioli they have as a side right now... its like heaven.
4	This chain located in Town Square (right next door to Texas de Brazil) has been one I have been meaning to check out. I have heard friends and co-workers tell me it is pretty good. I'm always a little hesitant to check out a chain over a locally owned place, but it wasn't half bad.I came here for a friend's birthday, we were seated in the large, darkly lit dining room. I began my meal with a really great riesling - Chateau Ste Michelle from the Washington valley. A very easy-to-drink, and not overly-sweet riesling. Next we had appetizers - crab cakes, which were disappointing, small and poorly plated. Served with some sort of sauce I did not partake in. The ceviche app, however, was pleasing - with large portions of shrimp, scallops, and perhaps some type of white fish? I wasn't sure. However, I did enjoy the sliced fresh jalapenos and chunks of avocado. This ceviche is served with a good portion of chips that are salted.I had to have their "bang bang" shrimp which I have heard rave reviews about. Instead of getting it as the app, I got it in their "Bang Bang Shrimp Tacos" - which come out in a set of three with flour tortillas and your choice of sides - I got the kettle-cooked potato chips. Overall I would say "eh" to the tacos. I thought they would be more spicy - they were not. Fortunately, the tacos were filled with shrimp, so you get a good portion for $13.50, and the tacos themselves were generously sized.Lastly we had their macadamia nut brownie, which arrived warm and gooey, with raspberry sauce and scoops of vanilla ice cream. We all shared - and we were all stuffed. But, at the end the management also brought my friend out a plate of chocolate-dipped strawberries with some cream and we also had those.Service was up-beat and management did check on our table. At the end of the meal my water glass was left un-filled, so that was kind of disappointing, but none the less, a small ding against what overall was a good experience.I would come back, especially since their menu has a lot of seafood items (obviously). I would say good for a party, especially if you have people that are not "outside the box" with their food choices, but you would rather go somewhere other than say, Chili's or Applebees.
5	Love this place!! Could not be more perfect....Atmosphere, food and service....all outstanding! Of course...the Bang Bang Shrimp is always a most. So excited one has opened in Summerlin. Can't wait to go!
5	Tasty food. Awesome service. When they made a mistake, they owned to it quickly and resolved it brilliantly. Pesto sauce served with the bread is great. The edamame hummus was delicious with the tomatos and pepitas.I had a bite of the trout and it was really good as were the scalloped potatoes (more casserole than potatoey). My house salad with chicken was perfect (had brazilian meat service the evening before so this was a great light dish). The dressing was citrusy and light with no cloying aftertaste. The coconut pie was my favorite. Also tried the pumpkin creme brulee (good, but very pumpkiny!), and the macademia nut brownie (a bit dry for me!).
5	Great menu. The crab cakes are superb. Lobster special currently going on. Best pride in town.
3	Nice seafood place away from the casinos.Food: 7.5/10 - Nice menu selections. Well prepared.  The flavors will not wow you but they are a solid meal.  Service: 8/10 - No problems. Nothing spectacular either.Cleanliness: 8/10 - No visible issues.Decor: 8.5 / 10 - Sat outside on a beautiful night.  Was very nice.  Inside looked nice as well.Restrooms: 7/10 - no problems.Parking: 9/10 - Tons of parking.  Overall: 7/10 - A nice place to eat.  I personally like the Texas de Brazil located right next door MUCH better.
4	Quality is awesome.  Service was great, specially since we were a large group celebrating a birthday. Not a single mistake in our order, now that's impressive.  Appetizers were very good, good amount and cooked to perfection. The staff was very cordial, well trained, and showed a lot of professionalism. Congratulations to the entire management!!!!!
2	We have dined a this Bonefish location three times since it opened.  We like their menu items and that they are and Outback owned company so we didn't want our first impression of the staff to deter us from coming back.  We have been back 2 times since and have been very displeased with the service staff each time.  They are slow, incompetent, and inattentive.  The only reason they got 2 stars instead of 1 is because their Bang Bang Shrimp has been excellent every time.
5	Everything was so delicious.  Will definitely be coming back. Got the shrimp stuffed lobster as an appetizer. So yummy. My boyfriend got the fish and chips and the fish is breaded with tempura and it was amazing. I got the tilapia imperial with the crab fried rice. Everything was great even the lemonade and sangria.
5	Every time I go here I am inpressed.  Very pretty, casual restaurant with great food and drinks at a pretty decent price.  Bang bang shrimp is a must as is the salmon or Chilean sea bass with the pan asian sauce.  The martinis are great as well, especially the pomegranate martini.  They have bang bang specials on Wednesday which was a pleasant surprise as the appetizer was half off!  They also have a promotion if you buy $100 in gift cards you get a $25 gift card for free.  I love this place.
4	This place was good & I'm happy we decided to eat here. Our steaks were cooked well & the service we received from Denise was great! My husband always had a full drink & she was prompt. We enjoyed our meal & the ambience.
2	Food is good but service is poor. Our server got one of my orders wrong, it took forever for our food to get to the table and after that the server didn't come back to check if everything was good until she gave us the bill.
4	This place was good. Sunday its packed to the wall with tourist sometimes. It was a nice casual place.
2	Just had lunch here and thought the food was ok. Some items have two portion sizes on them which gives the server a great opportunity to up sell the guest. The problem is they don't ask. The server just automatically gave us the large portion of everything, which is not what we wanted. Now that I know their tricks I will pay more attention IF I actually go back.
3	Had the Bang Bang Shrimp--fantastic.Side of mashed potatoes--awesome.Chocolate creme brulee--amazingMain dinner of vegetables and couscous--bland, bland, bland.I know it's a fish place, but if you're going to offer a vegetarian option why does it have to suck? Did the chef taste this dish before putting it on the menu?Stuff like this makes me grumpy...giving meat eaters more reasons to hate vegetarians!(Well, mostly vegetarian. The shrimp was worth breaking the rules.)
3	I've heard great things about this place but it didn't deliver. I appreciate a clean and inviting place but the food was nothing special and the prices were high. We ordered several different things, I chose the lobster roll which had very little lobster in it but huge chunks of celery. My friend ordered steak which was ok, nothing special but expensive. The best thing I tasted was my friends bang bang shrimp. Spicy and creamy, wish I ordered those instead! The service was good but nothing was very memorable about the experience except 1 thing. It was pouring the night we went and the hostesses had umbrellas in hand waiting to walk us out to our cars in the rain. I have to admit that the gesture made me smile :)Thank you for the nice walk in the rain!
5	WHAT?!?!?! $20 for bottomless cocktails AND breakfast at the Sunday Brunch?!?!?! Who are you right now?!?!?! I live in LA, $20 doesn't even buy you the Uber to GET TO the boozy brunch. I could seriously come here every Sunday. My homie Danny the manager is so nice and personable, he definitely makes you feel welcome and will know you by name if you go a few times! Wednesday night had a really good $5 menu. I'm from the east coast so, sorry, but y'all are a little late to the Bonefish party. Yes, I know this restaurant is good, yes, I'm familiar with the bang bang shrimp. HOWEVER: boozy Sunday brunch for $20 is the bee's knees. I'm just saying. You don't have to try it out. But if you do I'll probably be there.
2	I first tried this place in Orlando, FL and it was really good, so I wanted to try this place again and I brought my dad here for his birthday. I have to say I was not impressed this time around. It was pretty dead, I got the seabass like last time, however it wasn't as good as the first time. I got it with a lemon butter seasoning and I have to say it was drenched in butter sauce Overload. My Veggies were seasonal so it came with butternut squash and It was horrible!! The plating was like a buffet style, just slapped on the plate and I paid $20 for this dish. I was not impressed. I think the only thing I liked here was my bread that they give you. My blackberry drink sucked. Service was ok. I will not return
4	Great location at Town Square and its a nice restaurant.I ordered steak because I'm on a crazy diet and it was good, not the best I've ever had but it was pricey. The chain is well known in town and I want to go back for the happy hour! My friends ordered some seafood and even though I couldn't try any it did look good. I would try it again and make sure to hit them up for happy hour next time.
3	We went to celebrate a birthday. Seating was fast. The place wasn't busy which led me to believe the service was going to be good. But no! The waiter was mediocre. My meal: The mahi mahi with lobster sauce was great but served with mashed potatoes and a strange spaghetti squash ... Needless to say the mashed potatoes and the squash looked exactly the same. Not at all impressed by the presentation. His meal: Amazing filet with colossal shrimp and the mashed thing again with the stringy squash. Drinks: the mojito and the sangria left us no impression.. It was just a drink.SERVICE:Our waiter never refilled our drinks and disappeared constantly. Took too long to take our order and get our food out. Never offered to upsell or recommend food, drinks, or dessert.Not in a hurry to return and sit. May take out some protein. I felt like I went for the big catch and ended up with nothing but the "fish-bone"
4	I'd put a 4.5 star rating if it was available.The knocked off half star would be because out of 5 visits or more, one time the pecan crusted trout came out under cooked and bland. I did arrive a bit late and I believe the kitchen was trying to close. I don't feel like a 945pm arrival time for 1030pm closing is that bad. maybe they were trying to close early due to a slow turn out.Every item I've had here is yummy. Yesterday I came here and got the $36 alaskan king crab legs. They were very yummy (not the best I've had, but a damn steal for that price!)The ambiance is great for a date.Some wet naps would of been really nice after the crab legs, but oh well, i don't knock off points there.I love the arnold palmer. I think the lemonade is their restaurant recipe, and it really gives a great after taste with the arnold palmer.
4	We were there on December 26th, Friday.  I thought it can be crowded with  a busy shopping day, but it was almost empty.  We had great service and was able to kill sometime before heading to the airport to drop off the guests.Bang bang shrimp was good. Corn chowder with lobster meat was very good and I even ordered seconds. The burgers were okay. The location is great in town square for us. Away from the craziness of the strip. Our friends who stayed in the strip for 4 days appreciated the quietness there.
4	The sea bass is amazing and the crab soup is awesome.  Only downside is the sides are all a little bland. The crab fried rice was ok but it needed to be stir-fried together instead of jusr cold crab meat placed on top.
