4	With so many locals from Hawaii living in Henderson, it's so awesome to have this place open it's doors today.  Loved hearing Hawaiian music flow through the restaurant.  My husband and I ordered the Kalua pig benedict, red velvet pancakes and loco moco. Our waiter gave us the option of how we wanted our eggs cooked, which was different.. I thought a loco moco had sunny side up eggs but a little variety is cool.. And aren't eggs Benedict poached eggs?  I guess it would be cool if they were scrambled. Maybe. Anyway, both dishes where awesome. The red velvet pancakes and cream cheese syrup weren't too sweet so I actually enjoyed them. Next time, I'm definitely gonna hit up the Zippys Chili plate!Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because they weren't all that ready for their first day. They only accepted cash today because their Debit/credit card  system wasn't up and running yet. It's a good thing I had some cash. I'll definitely be back so maybe then, I'll update the review to 5 stars. :)
5	Loved it!  Great prices and great food...can't get better than that. Had the Adobo Fries Rice Omelet & Banana's Foster Pancakes. They were AWESOME!  Can't wait to go back and try the Kahlua Pig Grilled Cheese and the Red Velvet Pancakes. Definitely our new breakfast place.
3	I love their food ideas. There menu is a foodies paradise but execution is poor. needs a lot of refinement. More trials and errors. location is very convenient for my family and I'm a big fan of breakfast food but I'll let them workout their kinks. Let the cooks get familiar with the menu items..etc. Definitely worthy of another visit but would like to enjoy a dish to it's full potential.
5	Hands down the best pancakes in Vegas. Every time I visit I always go to babystacks. My favs are the red velvet, white chocolate macadamia nut, and lemon ricotta. I've also tried the loco moco which also good. I'm glad this place is nowhere near the strip otherwise the wait would be rediculous.
5	If you've been to the original Babystacks (nee Babycakes) off of Smoke Ranch, you know there's a price to pay for amazing gourmet pancakes: the wait can be upwards to an hour. But once you're seated, the food is delish, the service is stellar, and the clientele includes a lot of cute Islander boys.OK, maybe it's just me that noticed that.Well, Babystacks has a new location off of Stephanie in Henderson. The food is still delish, the service is still stellar, the Islander boys are still cute...And we walked right in. **gasp**I went off the pancake menu (finally) and gave their omelettes a try, opting for my beloved chili omelette. They boasted Hawaiian-style chili, which was even sweeter than a Chicago or Cincinnati chili, but still really good. I added a babystack of S'Mores pancakes. If i had one complaint about the place, it's that I thought adding a babystack of pancakes would get me 2 regular-sized pancakes. Instead, they're mini-pancakes.Boo your face. If I had known that, I would have stuck with the pancakes and tell the omelette, "Excuse you, buster, do you know where you're at? I need pancakes and I need them right meow."But I digress. That was the only downside to our experience. Elite Emily had the Adobo Fried Rice, which has been widely lauded elsewhere, and she enjoyed it, though she had the same reaction to her Red, White, and Blue babystack pancakes.Our server was great, and she kept us refilled with a big smile. The place feels new and clean -- a good thing since it just opened.I definitely will come back. Carrot cake pancakes, you're next on my hit list.
5	Color me a fan.I never made the trip all the way out west to try any of the older BabyStacks Cafe locations, but now that they're easily accessible to us Henderson-lings, I made it a point to go as soon as I reasonably could. That opportunity came this morning.Walking in, I saw that it was packed and that people were sitting in the front area. Bit of confusion at the front when they didn't ask me whether I wanted to sit down or make a to-go order, so I asked if I could sit. Most of the tables looked full, and I wasn't sure whether the people in the front were waiting for a table or for a to-go order, but one of the employees told me that they had room at the counter and I immediately accepted.After agonizing over the menu for a while, I went ahead and got a full stack of red velvet pancakes ($8.95) with a side of two eggs ($2.00), scrambled per my choice. It took about 10 minutes for my order to come out, but I don't mind a little wait when the food is supposed to be good.Turns out that it was really, really good. What I saw was a platter of six red pancakes, each about four inches in diameter, topped with a huge dollop of cold whipped cream, a dusting of chocolate sprinkles, and a plastic cup of cream cheese "syrup" (plus a second cup later when my server asked if I wanted more). What I tasted was absolute indlgence. The fluffy pancakes with a bit of crispiness on the edges, the cold cream to provide a temperature contrast, and the almost buttery syrup were all enjoyable to the last bite, even after I got almost sickeningly full. Heavenly.Eggs were alright. Not sure if they were even large eggs, but I wanted some protein so I got some. Maybe I could've added a bit of salt, but no biggie. They served their purpose.I wish that they'd stay open for dinner, but I'll take what I can get. Hopefully their Hawaiian/Filipino specialites measure up to the luxurious red velvet pancakes. I will certainly be back.
5	LOVED this restaurant. I had the adobo omelette and substituted garlic rice for steamed rice. My only complaint was that it took a while for the server to take our order. However, she did have something like 4 tables sat at the same time, as a former server I understand how horribly annoying that is, so it didn't anger me... Just made me more hungry for my adobo :-)
3	Red Velvet pancakes are great! I would definitely order again. I did love the topping creations for Orange Creamsicle, the Pineapple, and Bananas Fosters but the pancakes fell flat. .literally. They were more dense than fluffy for me. At first I thought maybe they were new crew in kitchen but I've tried three different times already and each time same thing. Red Velvet is a different batter than the others Im guessing because texture wise outer layer has a slight crisp.   Nutella one is too dry. .needs fruit. .and there is an extra charge for fruit. The pancakes are standard size. Short stack portion was enough for me.   Take into consideration I am comparing their pancakes to 808's Eggs n Things. So my expectations are a bit unrealistic. I guess if you haven't tried the pancakes in Hawaii these are good enough. Like I said I love the topping creations and syrups used here. Other savory dishes so far I liked. Although it doesn't take much effort to fry up Portuguese sausage, spam and eggs. Garlic fried rice is good with Loco Moco,  but the other Filipino restaurant around the corner makes a killer Adobo Loco Moco. The Chili breakfast skillet tasted good but not enough chili and certainly not worth paying almost nine dollars for it. I really want to love this place but so far it's falling short food wise.  Sigh.....Service is great. Love the ambiance of this place with the island reggae jams playing in the background. The times I've been here it hasn't been too busy. So if you wake up early enough you won't have any trouble waiting for a table. Like their other restaurants they do implement the no reservations and they won't seat you till everyone in your party is present. I still have yet to make it through the rest of the menu. 3.8 for now.  I still have yet to try their lemon ricotta pancakes!  Maybe that will send it over a solid four star worthy rating for me.
5	My Husband and I are in love with Baby Stacks Cafe!!! The omelets and skillets are great with plenty of toppings and unlimited combinations. The buttermilk pancakes are FANTASTIC! The coffee is pretty generic, but still good! We will be returning to this wonderful breakfast shop!
4	Nice little spot for breakfast. The atmosphere is kid friendly. Food is fresh and there is a ton of choices for pancakes and crepes. The only two gripes I have is the price, and when you order the crepes or pancakes they don't come with eggs or hash browns, so you will end up paying more for sides. The service is friendly. All and all a good place to eat breakfast.
4	Love this place for breakfast, lunch, or brunch! Too bad they are not open for dinner. :)The food and service has always been great. But I had to give them 4 out of 5 stars because the wait for our food is a little longer than normal compared to similar restaurants.
3	Sorry babystacks! I love you but I gotta give u 3 stars for now! We got there at 11 and told that there will be a 20 mins wait, but we got sat down 10 mins early.. Which is good. Then we started ordering at 11:10am and we got our food at 11:42.. Really 35 mins? and the funny thing is that the people got there 10 mins after us got their food out first. yup! but hey don't get me wrong i love the pancakes! best pancakes in vegas! ill never get tired of going to babystacks! ;) it just that it happened for the first time that i got disappointed with the service, and pls always check your customers needs!
5	Had the Ricks adobo fried rice omelet and OMG it was a mouthgasm. The service was so good and food  arrived so fast i could've sworn i was at McDonalds. Go eat there now, the end
3	First of all, glad to have one on my side of town--yay!  Is it as good as the other locations? To be honest...nope! Something is definitely lacking here taste wise. Sadly, underwhelming.In a couple visits, I was able to order and sample the following:-Red velvet pancakes, still good, but not great. Cream cheese syrup is a must!-Cinnabon pancakes, nice flavor, but dry texture.-Bananas foster pancakes, my favorite! The sauce was amazing--not too sweet =)-Pineapple pancakes, tasted like pineapple upside cake!  Also, tasted like there was like some kind of liqeur in there...rum? Probably not. Had mine with cream cheese syrup (extra 0.75)-Loco moco w/ garlic rice, patty sucks...plain and simple. It didn't have any flavor. Seemed like a frozen patty. I thought they made their own? Oh well. Not ordering this anymore.-Adobo fried rice (Our server called it "adoBE" fried rice...hehe). This one was a winner, actually BETTER than the other locations. Massive portion and lots of adobo chunks. Enough for two people to share.-Chili loco moco, pretty good, except they use the same boring patty and really skimp on the chili. Wish they topped the plate with more chili.-Kahlua pig grilled cheese, eh OK. It is missing a flavor profile. Maybe add a slaw for tang and texture or a nice aioli?No matter what, I will still come here because I really do love Babystacks. I hope the food tastes better tho =X
3	I have to admit I haven't been the biggest fan of Babystacks, so when my OG wanted to check this place out now that they've opened a location closer to him, I was reluctant, but always up a food expedition.We arrived on Memorial Day and it was not busy. We were seated quickly and I decided to finally order the adobo omelet I've had my eye on for a while. The rice was flavorful, but just a little on the dry side. I would have probably preferred if it was just the rice and skipped the egg, but I enjoyed it. I also ordered the red, white and blue pancakes that were on special for the day. Topped with blueberries, strawberries and whipped cream, I wish I had gone with my first instinct and asked that they forego the white chocolate chips. The pancakes would've been better without them. The pancakes were good, but like the other locations, they are small and not very fluffy. They did taste good, however.We had a good meal and I got to spend time with some of my favorite people, so that's a plus. It's a good addition to this location and I see them being successful here.
1	Earlier today I was in Henderson. I didn't want to drive back on my side of town to get to baby stacks(buffalo and flamingo). So I had a 'oh what the heck' attitude and went to this baby stacks. Why did I rate 1 star? I was very disappointed in this baby stacks. My girlfriend and I ordered 2 full stacks of pancakes. We waited ALMOST 40 MINUTES for our order to come thru. What made me really mad is that we didn't even get any compensation. Like a discount or even free side dishes like hash browns. Even before we could order, our waiter didn't even greet us nor take our order in a timely manner. So after 40 minutes of waiting we finally got our meal. The pancakes tasted bland and they were also burnt. At this point I didn't want to make a scene. So I forcefully ate my burnt pancakes and wanted to leave. Never again will I ever go to this location. And to be honest, I feel like this place is just hype. Some of the prices for food are just ridiculous for the amount of food you get. I feel like most of the food they serve, you can make at home... Let's be real. For the amount of food they give you, quality of the food, bad service, do you really want to spend your hard earned money here?
4	I would have given them more stars if there greeters would have greeted me.  I had to interrupt them chatting with each other to ask to put my name on the list.  Banana cream pancakes were amazing and so were the red velvet and Rick's Adobo fried rice!  We love this place!
5	Thanks to babystacks I've found the reason behind American obesity. AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE.
2	Where do I begin? Well I woke up really hungry. Especially from dieting a whole week, so I though... "I wanna splurge, just a little more, today!" So I was going to go to IHOP, but my brother and his family wanted to eat. And, we ultimately decided in Babystacks. This place was packed. I'm assuming it's because it's a new eatery and people wanted to try. We waited about 15 minutes before being seated.I was having a hard time to decide because there was so much in the menu, which wasn't that aesthetic to the eyes. It was hard to understand the menu. I got spam and eggs with garlic rice and pancakes. The rest of the group got the fried rice, Portuguese sausage, red velvet pancakes and steak. I like my spam crispy and brown, this was lightly grilled and soft. The garlic rice was better than bland. It had flavor. BUT, it was still pretty bland. I could tell that there was onions and garlic powder but a little salt with the rice would have been better. Pancakes had a unique flavor. I've had really good, fluffy, sponge-like pancakes at different restaurants, but this was pretty dense and tasteless. (I do have really good tastebuds, that's why I'm on a diet from enjoying too much food.)I'm not sure what the other Yelpers think is so great about this adobo fried rice, but I've had Hawaiian and Filipino fried rice... And THIS, was not authentic adobo. Instead of adobo meat, it was adobo rice with shredded meat. If you're a shoyu addict, enjoy this meal. It was soaked with soy sauce. Couldn't even taste the "adobo meat," which I think was a pigment of my imagination in this dish. Reconsider the adobo fried rice, and get it somewhere else. Loco-moco's patties were flavorless, eggs were undercooked, food wasn't treated with love.For the price of the food here, I would have gone somewhere else. If you're gonna have hawaiian-themed food, have hawaiian sized meals. I am super sad because I had high expectations. Food is not outstanding. Service was good. Wanted more out of it. I'm going to another place for b-fast.
4	THANK YOU for finally opening a Henderson location! The food was great as always and the service was good also, it was wonderful to avoid driving 30 minutes to eat my favorite breakfast joint in town.
4	I love breakfast so I was so excited to find a Babystacks opened in my neighborhood.  Now when I want a sweet sugary breakfast I know where I'm going. The red velvet pancakes are a given, but I really like the lemon ricotta pancakes too and they come with the same cream cheese syrup.  I'm sure this place is gonna get crowded in no time.
3	Decor: 3/5-Bright cafe that closes at 2pm-Some of the tables wobbleService: 4/5-The food came out fairly quick. -Service was extremely friendly.Food: 3/5-The pancakes were delicious. We tried the banana cream and the carrot cake. The banana cream was rich and sweet. -Most of my party liked the banana cream more than the carrot cake. I liked the carrot cake more. The cream cheese syrup is mmm mmm delicious.-Rick's Adobo fried rice was my favorite and large enough to share between 2-3 adults.-The loco moco was too hyped up. Too much brown gravy that masked the flavor of the beef and eggs. Wait, there were eggs? All I noticed was beef patties, rice and gravy. -The Portuguese sausage had a distinct taste however nothing to brag home about. It was also very very greasy.
3	Baby Stacks is a good breakfast spot. I was not overly impressed. It was filling and we were seated promptly and had attentive service. I am a bacon and egg guy mostly. I had the Chicken fried steak. It seemed like it was from a frozen bag of CFS's and the gravy was not mixed well. So far 2 Baby Stacks and I am not seeing what the hype is.My meal came with standard pancakes that were dry. Others in my party swear by Baby Stacks but unless you are a pancake lover maybe it is not for you. I can say the staff is friendly and they serve you well.
3	I am willing to give this place another try.  With my first visit here i am still unsure.  I ended up getting the country bene with the addition spam and the gravy on the side and an order of the mac salad.  The eggs where poached nicely which is hard to find a good place to cook them right.  The sausages patties where pretty flavor full along with the biscuit that they place it on.  I am glad i asked for the gravy on the side since that needed some flavor same goes for the mac salad.  Needed some more acid in the mayo mixture.  Overall it was a decent meal for the price.  I was shocked that it was cash only with a little sign tapped to the counter near the register, Good thing i had cash on me.  Service was good food was hot.  Like i said before i will give this place another try maybe for lunch.
1	Wife called to place an order to go.  First, they put her on hold, then hung up on her.  When we called back, they said "we are too busy right now, call back in 15 min".  Wow, if they can't even take a to go order, I wonder what the inside looks like.
5	You can never have enough of a good thing in life! I have always been Huge fan of the Babystacks Cafe most notable for the Red Velvet Pancakes. Really comes too breakfast foods or a recovery meal after long day of training for triathlon. No other spot look forward to refuel. Besides the fact can get some local moco, portuguese sausage, spam, and all kine local grinds takes me back to 808. I never been too this location before use too another location closer too home on the other side of town. I was excited too hear about this new location because its closer too the Lake and the perfect spot on the way back from training can get my recovery meal in. Just so happen my review for Babystacks Cafe was for day of training but not at the Lake.Naturally you would expect lot of similarities between all three locations. I have only been too two of the three. Coming to this location felt like everything was just as five star experience at the other location. I love the decor from the speciality board when you first walk in. One that most people forget too check out. Some days that pancakes specials make my favorite Red Velvet not sound so Ono. Make point too check it out! They have little coffee bar area so if eating by yourself perfect spot chill get your breakfast on. The tables are little tight packed so depending on the crowd feels like in on the next table conversation. Really not that bad. The service I read some review that felt like the service was slow, poor, and not very good. I got here little early but they still went ahead and sat me. Once I was seated got asked what like to drink very quickly and waitress greeted me. She was very nice since I was waiting on friend. She like take your time and no problem. The service was awesome! I mixed it up this visit. I ordered the Huntington Omelette. I substituted egg whites always feels make any omelette better. Not normally Omelette guy but love the fact that nice size one. It packed with filling everything and the melted cheese on top with sliced of fresh avocado. You put some of that pico de gallo sauce on top brings it all together. The seasoned fries for my side delicious. It really is the prefect hearty breakfast of champions!!! One that not matter the menu selection spot on delicious!! Happy that now have one on each side of town get my Babystacks Cafe on........
4	Their pancakes are always amazing & the sizes are perfect for a side or a full stack as a meal. Each pancake is about the size of a coffee cup saucer. The locations are fairly small and can have up to a 30-45 min wait on weekends. Get there early in the morning or around 1 and the crowds are pretty low.
5	I had the Adobo Fried Rice and my wife Country Eggs Benedict.  Both cooked perfectly, brought out quickly and tasted very fresh.  Waitress checked on us often enough to be sure we were being taken care of but not so often as to be annoying.  They have a very creative menu and you could go there four or five times and order an item not served in another restaurant.  You could also go there and get the Ham and Eggs.  Small restaurant with a very personable staff at the front desk and throughout the restaurant.  I plan to go there next time and have the Portuguese Sausage and Eggs or the Whole Wheat French Toast rolled in cereal flakes.
5	Let me start by saying how thrilled I am that there is another excellent place in Henderson to have breakfast.I was most impressed with the extensive and creative menu.  I enjoyed a pork Benedict, while my girlfriend had a very nice omelet.  I'm already looking forward to our next visit and trying out perhaps some of their other Hawaiian oriented things...maybe a little Spam and Eggs ;-)The service was excellent, the place was clean and prices very reasonable.
5	Great food, comes fast once you order. This is now the 3rd location but the first in Henderson. There is usually a 25-30 minute wait no matter which location you arrive at. Very much worth the wait!
4	This is my second time going to a Babystacks, the first location I went to Durango and it didn't think it was horrible so I wanted to check out the location in Henderson. I feel like the long wait for a table on the weekends are inevitable, so be ready to wait and make sure that your whole party is there so once the table is ready you can go party with your pancakes and eggs. The food was OK, nothing extraordinary but I do favor their pancakes AND I'm a waffle kind of girl, so it's a kindaaaaaaaaa a huge deal! The decor is quaint and some tables are wobbly but their workers are sweet and very friendly and when you've been waiting an hour to sit down, those are the kind of people you need to be serving you. Overall good experience, and I definitely recommend their pancakes & adobo fried rice
4	First time here.  We didn't know what to expect, but were pleased with the fresh food and friendly staff.  It's a great quick stop when you need good food fast.  I would would come back for sure.  Only thing to change is that the eggs were closer to looking soft boiled then eggs Benedict should be.  Good clean atmosphere!
4	We ordered lots of stuff from the menu...Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, Garlic Rice with eggs and bacon, Red Velvet pancakes, and Mexican Skillet.  The garlic rice was ok.  Kinda harsh garlic flavor.  The Lemon Ricotta Pancakes were great.  It's thin and more like a thick crepe, but the sauce was awesome.  The red velvet pancakes were even better!!!  I would definitely come back for them.  The pancakes come with a cream cheese frosting that isn't too sweet.  Perfect.
5	Food and service were excellent. Didn't have to wait for a table, everything was delicious, friendly staff, good music, pleasant ambience, and they had the World Cup game on tv. I had the two egg breakfast with strawberry pancakes. The whipped cream & syrup tasted incredible and fresh, pancakes were delicious, seasoned potatoes were delicious, waitress was attentive, I just wish I had ordered more pancakes :)
4	Nice place, fantastic service, friendly staff. I was slightly disappointed with the buttermilk pancake flavor but a lot of other great things about his place made up for it.
1	First and for most. It's awful when a breakfast place has crappy tasting coffee. The food portions are sort of small for the price you pay, and this place is super over rated just because, they have "cool" pancakes. The space is super cramped. Which makes it hard to get around especially when its packed. The tables are also too damn small. Servers are a hot mess and don't know where to start when it's busy. I waited 20mins to pay! If you just sat a 16top maybe you should ask for some help, and see if another server can check on your tables for you! We never got a water refill and couldn't find a retard to fill it for us! Gah I'm still annoyed thinking about my experience. And it was my 2nd time here thinking ok I'll give it another shot and see what the hype was about. And it ended up being 10x worse than my first experience.   Never again! Can I have my 60$ back please!?!
1	Website says they take to-go orders before 9am on Saturday and Sunday but no one picks up the one before that.
5	First time here! A little small.. The wait was not too bad! Loved the crepes! Can't wait til next weekend to have some more!
5	I have been to the baby stacks on the other side of town and absolutely loved the red velvet pancakes.  My family was in town so I told them I would have to take them here.  The service at this location was top notch.   We had a very tall thin girl with reddish hair who was outstanding and I am a huge critic to service.This location is not as busy as the others either which is nice.  They ensured my coffee was never empty and the food was absolutely amazing.  My family from out of town said it was one of the best breakfasts they've had!
4	The food was delicious! We got so much food for a really good price. I left the restaurant so full and satisfied. There are so many varieties of just the pancakes alone that it was so hard to choose what I wanted. Everything sounded so good!Their corned beef was delicious and my egg was cooked perfectly the way I ordered. I got the white chocolate pancakes--they were very sweet and incredibly delicious. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it!The service was great, and everyone was incredibly friendly. They were happy to answer all of our million questions! I really enjoyed our experience there!
3	The food was ok .nothing to complain about but nothing that stood out. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs with s ' mores pancakes.  I don't understand why breakfast places insist on using frozen pre breaded product.  The pancakes were good but not worth the hour wait.
4	Probably the best Babystacks location in Vegas..!We came here on a Sunday afternoon around lunch time. I was worried it was going to be a minimum of 30 min wait like we experienced in the other locations, but to our surprise we got seated right away!They were pretty busy today but we got just the right amount of service.Today's visit we tried the adobo fried rice, sausage and eggs, and of course the famous red velvet pancakes! We left very full and satisfied :)I will be coming back for sure!
4	Watch out I hop here comes babystacks!! I rarely go out for breakfast but when I do , it better be good. Baby stacks was just that, great pancakes fair prices and huge portions. Had the banana pancakes full stack which were amazing. Syrup is sweet but not too sweet. The full stack was gigantic and was enough to tide me over for the whole day. The place gets VERY crowded on the weekend but it's great food so that's to be expected. All the staff was very friendly and provided prompt service. WILL GLADLY GO BACK for their red velvet pancakes.
5	Can't get enough, I have tried several things and I have loved every thing.  Adobo rice omelet is my fav!!!
2	We have attempted to try Babystacks a few times, but it is very small so the wait times are very long and there is little space to wait leaving you feeling awkward.  We decided to stick it out this time and were rewarded by spotting empty space at the counter in the back which is not part of the wait list.  Keep an eye out for this!We ordered iced tea and found it to be pretty disgusting.  The service was extremely slow.  We waited about 10 minutes to place our food order.  When we did, I asked to swap out the tea for Diet.  When our food came over 20 minutes later, I had to ask again.  My order was incorrect and I was told that the "chefs were not in today"??  OKAY.  Who's cooking the ratatouille?  Once I did get the correct order (carrot cake pancakes and an omlette), I was happy.  My food was yummy.  But the cramped space and poor service keep me from giving Babystacks a higher rating.
1	Heard a lot of good things about baby stacks.  one opened on my end of town so decided to give it a go.  sat quickly and waited a good 10 minutes for water and coffee/tea order.  another 10 to get the drinks.food took a whI would like to say the food sat under the heat lamp way too long and was overly dry when it was delivered.  not the case.  it sat somewhere for too long and was delivered cold.our waitress was great and took everything back and removed the meals from our check.  the kick in the pants is that I still received a bill for one cup of coffee.  kinda bush league...
2	My third time here and I'm trying to like this place as it is convenient, but I just don't. The service is slow, the food potions are small, yet you pay a premium price. Their menu suggests a gourmet breakfast experience with all the pancake options, but the reality of my experiences is the equivalent of a $2.99 breakfast special with a wait and a premium price. Every time, the food is brought out piece meal, so not everyone gets their food at the same time. The eggs are always cold. Everyone that works here is super friendly, but there are so many other options where the portions are good and the service is prompt that they can earn my business. It's breakfast, not rocket science. As much as I wish I liked it, baby stacks just isn't worth it.
5	Had Sunday brunch here with my girls, restaurant was packed but we managed to get seats in 10-15 minutes which wasn't bad.  Waitress was quick to service us, my friends had red velvet pancakes and crepes.  I went for the Hazelnut pancakes which were amazing!  I like how there is a hawaiian selection on menu like loco moco and adobo!  Will definitely go back to try it again next time I have people in town visiting!
5	Love the pancakes...I've bee trying some of the different breakfast items such as the Portuguese sausage and the spam and eggs scramble with steamed rice. It is ALL good. If you go on weekends, you are probably going to have to wait, but I have never waited longer than 20 minutes. The service is great also. This is certainly at the top of my favorite breakfast restaurants.
3	It's a good cafe, but I wouldn't say it's amazing. I got a skillet and a side of red velvet pancakes (which are their top dishes), and both of them came in within 15 minutes which is pretty long wait for a restaurant. The red velvet pancakes were fluffy and flavorful, but the skillet was like a normal skillet with no special ingredients or anything. I'd come back but it's not a must for me.
5	The lightest most tender pancakes I can remember having. We got the bananas foster and lemon ricotta. The BF were sublime. Bacon was also perfect. Great service and good atmosphere. The wait is a bit long,  but legitimately worth it. I will definitely be back.
4	All the food is awesome. The adobo omelet is to die for. Is worth it price in my opinion. Yum yum.
3	Fir a first timer, I had high expectations because of the reviews from my friends. The place was kind of dirty for being so new. There was dry food on the top of the salt shaker. The food was just OK! Honesty, I prefer IHOP.The service was lacking, the noise levels were out of control,
1	I've been to their other locations and by far the Henderson Baby Stacks has no sense of urgency and horrible customer service. First, is it unprofessional to be chewing gum while on the job. Second, it took quite awhile to get asked for coffee. In additional, a refill while waiting 30 min or so for our food. Last, the cashier had bad customer service... No thank you, please come back again, nothing. Their staff needs to be trained on customer service or management just needs to get a new set of staff. I rather drive to centennial, buffalo, or flamingo for better service. Yes, it is that bad.
4	Have visited BabyStacks a few times. I like the wide variety of options for pancakes. The servings aren't huge, but acceptable. I think the prices are good for what you get. Love the lemon curd they use, and the cream cheese syrup is yummy! I'd give 5 stars, but the wait can be ridiculous. If we go, we always do a late lunch, right before they close.
3	When it's busy, and they put your name on the list, watch like a hawk. Maybe photograph your name on the list. Waited the half hour we were told the wait would be... then had the same guy that wrote my name down, ask for my name to put it on the list; because it was. Not. There. Are you freaking kidding me?We have gone to Babystacks twice now, both times had a fair wait before, which we expected. What was not expected, was what I mentioned above. We walked in, were in a line of people getting their names on "The List" of people waiting for a table. The younger guy asked if we wanted a table, of course we did, so we said so. He asked how many, and for a name. We told him "2 - Chris" - His reply, "Ok, it should be 25-30 minutes," Said while he wrote down my name.Half hour later, we're sitting on the bench waiting patiently, he walks up, clipboard in hand, and again asks us, "Did you want a table? I have to put your name on the list." Blank stares.Yes, we would like a table, that's why WE GAVE YOU OUR NAME HALF HOUR AGO. He glances at the list, said we weren't on it, so we would have to go to the bottom of the list. His co-worker sensed our instant, growing anger, and said we would get the next table. Thank you, ma'am!A couple moments later, we were seated with menus. It took a little while, but our server, the same lady as our first visit, walked past, said hello and she would be right with us. Six back and forth trips later, she dropped off some water, and eventually stopped by to see if we wanted more than water, and to take our order. Now, I have been known to be hyper-logical in the past, so when reading the menu, I had a question and asked the server, who, one would think, would have at least an attempt at a satisfactory reply.My observation / question was thus:Order of Biscuits & Gravy: $6.50Order of B&G with 2 eggs: $7.50Order of B&G with sausage: $8.50Order of B&G with 2 eggs AND sausage: $10.50Why is it four dollars more to get both items, when individually, there is only a three dollar increase in price?Her response? "It might be a glitch in the menu or the computer."What?!I instead, went with another item, and tried their chicken fried steak and eggs, with hash browns, for $11.95. When the food arrived, it was a small serving of hash browns, a standard, frozen/fried CFS, and some watery fried eggs (not sure if it was water, they were very wet, and not from grease/butter/oil - or the standard egg goo).Either the gravy, or the CFS was rather... floury. Most likely the gravy. Which, by the way, was not the best gravy around. I've had better (at Carl's Jr no less), and I have had much worse (pretty much everywhere).For twelve bucks, I would have liked to feel full after the meal, or at least, satisfied. It was mediocre food overall. I may go back and try the pancakes themselves, when I am in the mood for pancakes. Otherwise, there are tastier, more inexpensive places to get a good breakfast in the morning.
4	Man, I love Babystacks! The Summerlin location was created such a great vibe, I was really putting some big expectations on this new location. The best part: it's literally a mile away from my house! That's a score!Just like the first location, this location is busy! On the weekends (and probably the weekdays as well) be prepared to wait! My wait wasn't bad though, just 30 minutes. There's a hostess station with some seating and lots of standing room outside. When you enter the restaurant, you'll notice lots of table top seating and some booth seating. There's big tvs for the game and some bar top seating as well. The service was awesome. Our server was such a sweet lady. She greeted us within 2 minutes and kept checking back with us. We actually got our food before the guests that sat 5 minutes before we did! Now that's efficient :)For brunch, I got the Spam Scramble for $7.95. Three scrambled eggs with diced spam, sprinkled with furikake and a garlic rice upgrade for $1.00 more. The garlic rice was cooked with furikake, oil, garlic and onions. The flavors were awesome! I love spam and love the saltiness of it, complimenting the eggs very nicely. The rice was on point, just as I remembered. The ONLY problem with this plate was the portion. OMG, it was sooo small! It took up only 75% of the plate. I ate everything within 2 bites. I definitely think they have bigger portions in the Summerlin location. For my side, I decided to upgrade with a babystack of Red Velvet. Red velvet pancakes, topped with whipped cream and chocolate crumbles, served with cream cheese syrup. OH-EM-GEE, just has I remembered! The cakes were moist and so flavorful, the cream cheese really made the red velvet pop out and the chocolate crumbles accented the dish very well. DEFINITELY A MUST TRY!I'm so glad this place opened by my place. I can literally come here every weekend without wasting a lot of gas. The next time I come, though, I hope they address this portion issue. Whether or not, I'm still coming back...time and time again!
5	I left this place smiling for the rest of the day!!! The waitress was such a sweetheart and was patient, helpful with the menu and always around. I've had the red velvet pancakes, the peanut butter, chocolate and banana pancakes (add whip cream) and the kalua pig benedict and all were to die for!!! Who can beat some mouth watering pancakes starting at $4.95?!?! This place might have a bit of a wait but when you try their pancakes you'll have no idea what is going on around you except for what's in your mouth :)
1	Small portions.  Disorganized but friendly staff. I want to like you but you need to improve on portion size and organization
5	I got my order to go today boy were they super friendly and fast yum yum. Everyone seems to work together so well it's great to see a business that's run like a family instead of a big corporate dragon. I'm so glad to see a place where customer service is important again
2	With all the hype, I wanted to go see and taste the food for myself. I ordered quick since there was a menu taped to the window outside as i waited 20 minutes. When the food came, they FORGOT to put BACON in my burger, they FORGOT my blueberry pancakes and the syrup was in a sample cup. The kind of mini cup used in demonstrations.
1	Well, my family and I went here at a very packed time but we really wanted to try it out. Once we entered we weren't greeted, which is pretty bad especially if you're from Hawaii. If you've been there, the inside has a bit of a Hawaii-Aloha theme going but there was no "Aloha."Our waitress was very nice though. I would have to say she was the reason that made our experience there just "okay."  We had to wait almost an hour for our food and sadly our waitress didn't keep up with refills; once our food was out we ate but it wasn't much of any enjoyment. The food lacked seasoning and the pancakes tasted really bad! Sadly, I will not go there again.
4	My family and I had breakfast on a Monday, and Babystack's wasn't too busy, so we were seated right away. My hubby had the Portuguese sausage with two eggs over easy and breakfast potatoes. My daughter and I shared their famous red velvet pancakes short stack (3 pancakes) topped with fresh whipped cream and chocolate crumbles and served with cream cheese syrup instead of maple syrup, one egg over easy and a side of bacon. The pancakes did indeed taste like yummy red velvet cake and were d'lish. Babystacks offers other pancake flavors like carrot cakes, s'mores, bacon, cinnabun and more. My daughter and I are looking forward to trying them all. Babystacks has a variety of breakfast entrees - traditional or island style like loco moco, kalua grilled cheese, spam scramble and more. They also serve a small selection of sandwiches, salads and burgers. We enjoyed Babystack's and wish there was one in our area.
3	Went here the other day around lunch time. It's very small inside so if it's busy you could be waiting awhile. I enjoyed the huntington skillet breakfast. Hubby got the club and although it was good he felt they missed some items that usually come on it like cheese and mayo..... maybe add more than 4 tiny pieces of bacon too. Daughter got the bacon pancakes and she thought they were good. Everything was good but portions are VERY small for what you pay.
2	Went here this morning for breakfast and was verry satisfied with the customer service but the food was not very good! I had the chicken fried steak and the meat was over cooked and the gravy tasted like flour and had clumps of something in it! Will probably not be back! I'll stick with egg works lol
3	For some reason, the food isn't as amazing as it is on the west side, but hey... I love the location. I got the banana cream pie pancakes and my boyfriend got the loco moco. Something we always get at the other babystacks location (on south durango). My pancakes had some little tiny green stuff in the batter that I don't recall ever seeing before...but I ate it anyway... The whip cream isn't as fluffy or good. It was melting. The other location's whipped cream always came out thick and fluffy and didn't melt the way it did at Stephanie's location. Maybe it just wasn't good that day, I don't know. But sucks because I always get extra whipped cream. The loco moco patty was kind of hard (too well done). The other location's is softer and more like a medium rare. Maybe I'm being a little harsh, but they would need to contain quality control. It should taste the same as if it did at the other locations. I had a good breakfast with my boyfriend. It wasn't busy because it was at 9am but I know they get super busy as 10-11am hit. Our waitress was really nice and the place was super clean. So that's a plus. Good service. Just not up to par as the original location that I fell in love with.
3	Coming from Hawaii (and being a frequent bruncher), I was so excited to find a breakfast restaurant in Las Vegas that served "local" food (read: food often found in Hawaii rather than authentic Hawaiian food).  Plus, I have non-Hawaiian friends who have enjoyed this restaurant so I had high expectations. My friend and I arrived around 1:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday and were pleased to be seated right away, despite a nearly full restaurant!  The service was attentive, although the server did make some strange comments and seemed absent-minded at times.  However, the server was extremely accommodating and felt comfortable providing recommendations to us, which was helpful.I ordered the Kalua Pig Eggs Benedict - a favorite from back home - without the cabbage.  Being a huge Eggs Benny fan, I was disappointed to find the English muffin was rather soggy. The rest of the Benny was scrumptious!  I wanted a side order of the adobo fried rice, but when the server told me that wasn't possible, he recommended the garlic rice. I did not enjoy the garlic rice at all - it was just rice soaked in oil, butter, and garlic.  I'm a fan of garlic, but it was very bland.  My favorite part of the meal was the red velvet pancakes!  It is not as sweet as you would expect and is much lighter than actual cake.  The cream cheese sauce topping was also perfect!All in all, I would probably return again in hopes the soggy English muffin was just a bad batch.  There are also other menu items that I would love to try!
3	Service was friendly and attentive.  I heard it gets pretty busy, but luckily we were there on a Monday morning around 8:30 AM, so it wasn't too bad.  Plenty of seats open.  You can tell it's Filipino owned by the decorations, hence the giant spoon and fork.As for food, we ordered the White Chocolate Chip Macadamia Nut pancakes and Rick's Adobo Fried Rice.  The pancakes were pretty good.  I liked how they topped the pancakes with white chocolate chips, pretty tasty.  I wasn't too crazy about the adobo fried rice.  First of all, it didn't really taste like adobo, and second it was pretty salty.  Maybe it was just an off day on the adobo fried rice?  Hopefully, but who knows.  I'll definitely be back to try some other things, though.
5	Ok I did not want to eat here.  A friend insisted we eat here.  I laughed when I read the menu "Piglet" i thought what a joke this place is, the waiter asked what can I get you?  I said, "what the hell give the piglet".  It was amazing.  Been back a couple times.  It's always great.
5	This was our first visit to babystacks and we will definitely be back. I thoroughly enjoyed the corned beef hash and my poached eggs were perfectly prepared. I also had the carrot cake pancakes and couldn't recommend them enough. My wife ordered the club with some stellar fries. Seriously,  those fries were the hit of the table.Where this place really shined was the service. Valerie was excellent, and ensured that we had an amazing dining experience. Even the cashier struck up conversation and had a smile on his face throughout the transaction.
5	Babystacks is located across the street from Sprouts and I noticed the now open sign a few weeks ago. I love breakfast joints, and though there are several awesome diners in Henderson, the idea of a breakfast spot specializing in pancakes was appealing. I finally got to try it out this morning. All I have to say is BEST PANCAKES. EVER. Seriously. I ordered the Red Velvet pancakes and my fiancee ordered the carrot cake. The carrot cake pancakes actually had pieces of fresh carrot in the batter, and both plates tasted like moist cake in pancake form. Both were also served with cream cheese syrup, which was amazing. I usually don't order pancakes for breakfast, partially because I hate store bought syrups. Babystacks makes all syrups in house and all batter is freshly made. I know some people in the reviews complained about the portion size, but I was actually grateful that the portions were reasonable. I got a short stack of pancakes, and as much as I loved them, I personally couldn't have finished my plate if the pancakes had been ginormous. I hate food waste and appreciate when food is high quality and a normal portion size, not crappy quality in giant quantities. For me, I left pleasantly full, not overstuffed and sick. I also thought the food was a good value. For two plates of pancakes, a side of bacon and coffee, our check was under $20. Again, I'm not really sure why some people are complaining about the food being overpriced. There are a lot of breakfast places in town, but Babystacks has done a great job of setting themselves apart with a gourmet pancake menu. I will definitely be back to try more menu items.
5	First time at this location. Went here with my roommates and we loved it!!! I got the strawberry lemonade pancakes w/ a side of Portuguese sausage and it was delicious. The pancakes had the essence of strawberry lemonade so it was not overpoweringly sweet or tart. Paired perfectly with the cream cheese syrup. They were cooked perfect (fluffy but with a cake like texture).Everything we had tasted FRESH. Great service as well. Thank you Valerie! We will be back.
4	Hanging out with my family for a brunch,It is a great place to spend time together, I enjoyed my breakfast burrito! Also they enjoyed their Baby Chick Skillet, the Mexican Skillet & the Strawberry Pancake. Price is okay!
5	Great food and great service will definitely come back!! The Adobo omelet is delicious! !
5	Great service (cute Hispanic girl) always kept my husband and my coffee filled, great food, awesome menu!!! red velvet pancakes are the biz!!!!!!! My new favorite spot!!!!!!!
3	I've been wanting to go here for weeks, so since I was in the area at lunchtime today, I said why not? I like having "breakfast" for lunch or even for dinner, so I ordered an omelette and pancakes. The "Piglet" omelette contained bacon, ham, and sausage with cheddar cheese on top. Now I don't mind a little browning on my eggs, but this was way too overdone for my taste and none too fluffy. And I could say the same for the pancakes. I like my pancakes golden yellow. These were charred brown and flat as.....well, as a pancake! The hazelnut Nutella drizzled over the top and the huge scoop of whipped cream were good but somehow I missed having syrup.....maybe hazelnut syrup? At least the service was excellent. Friendly servers, always checking on you. I never give up on a restaurant after only one try, so I will go back and order something different.
5	Love this place!  If you're in a rush then don't go.  It may be crowded as in many other reviews.  There is a reason for that.  As far as portion size goes it's more than fine.  The food is eclectic with an as close as you can get island style.  Those from the Aina understand this place.
4	I have never been to any other location of Babystacks Cafe so I can not say how this one measures up to others. All I know is I LOVED the meal I had here over this past weekend.Allison S. and I decided to have a late breakfast at Babystacks before doing a little shopping. There was a decent sized crowd of people waiting to be seated at the fairly small cafe when we arrived, but the wait was only about 25 minutes. I was tempted by the red velvet pancakes that Babystacks is known for, but when I saw that one of the daily specials was the strawberry lemonade pancakes (which I had already dreamed about, after seeing the photo Suzy H. posted) I had to order that. I went with a short stack, and added a side of sausage, and it was more than enough food for me. The pancakes were perfection, just the right amount of lemony tartness topped with fresh strawberries and delicious cream cheese icing, plus a huge serving of whipped cream. I have had fluffier pancakes, but the flavor profile completely made up for any lack of fluff. I stole a bite of Allison's spinach benedict and that was super yummy as well.Service was spot on. Babystacks remained busy the entire duration of our visit, and while it was clear that our server was working hard, she was an absolute sweetheart and she always had a smile on her face. Our water and coffee cups stayed filled and our food came out fairly quickly. Overall, I enjoyed my visit to Babystacks and look forward to returning to try some of the other items on their menu.
4	Jessie B and I wanted to grab some brunch last weekend. When she said she had never been to Babystacks I knew it would be a perfect fit. Since it was a Saturday there was about a 25 minute wait, but I knew it would be worth it. When they called our name we were quickly seated. Our waitress was very on point. She never let our coffee or water glasses get empty. Babystacks menu has tons of different pancakes that they offer, but make sure you check out their white board for their daily specials. I finally decided on the Spinach Benedict with a side of their macaroni salad and Jessie picked off the white board and got the Strawberry Lemonade pancakes with a side of turkey sausage. The Spinach Benedict was excellent! It was loaded with spinach, crispy bacon, mushrooms, poached eggs and it was all covered it the best tangy hollandaise sauce I think I've ever had. It had a lemony note that was perfect. Jessie was nice enough to let me try her pancakes too. Let me tell you I'm really not a pancake person and those pancakes rocked! What a great flavor! Lemon pancakes covered in strawberries and it had a lemon syrup too!! ALL the lemon. It was another great brunch with Jessie B. Babystacks didn't disappoint. The wait sucked, but for the amazing food and excellent service it was worth it. If your looking for a tasty breakfast/ brunch spot this is the place! Yum!
4	Flavored pancakes - what will they come up with next? I've ventured to the other side of town to take in the indulgences of Babystacks and was not disappointed with their "new" location on the Eastside. There was quite a wait (close to 30 mins) but it seemed far less. Red velvet pancakes and a skillet with potatoes, eggs, spinach and cheese were on my side and Orange Creamsicle and Rick's adobo fried rice were on the BFs.
2	The Nutella crepe is my daughters favorite so we came back a second time. I had buttermilk pancakes...flat and dense. Not even as good as a mix. . Hubby's piglet skillet was good but he had icky pancakes as well. The server was efficient and nice but  had so much perfume on I sneezed and had itchy eyes all meal. My daughter said she could actually taste it it was so strong. I don't think I will be back.
4	This place is a nice, bright, clean place with friendly staff. I had the orange creme pancakes, lovely presentation, very sweet creme and icing sugar syrup. I know I'll be craving more sweets all day, OMG, we are now driving behind a cupcake truck, I'm thinking I can just hop in the back till I just roll out. They also have a discounted Senior special at Babystacks, so that's another good thing
3	I had breakfast this morning and unfortunately I could only give this place 3 stars. The food was delicious but the service was not up to par. The server we had was very awkward and barely spoke . She kind of looked like she was nervous . Maybe it was her first day? Food is good and prices are pretty low as well so it might be worth a try .
5	I could write a book on how good this place is. Menu is flawless.  I've had almost all of it.  Love all of it.  Garlic rice is my clear fav!!!   You just gotta trust me and go and get some
1	On the plus side: the coffee was very good and they tried to seat us away from air conditioning vents. The place was freezing. Everything else: not so much.  One order of biscuits and gravy. Gravy was not  hot and had nothing in it but way way too much salt. "Biscuits" were more like dumplings in that they were not cooked thru so that they were doughy.I ordered the fall special: pumpkin pancakes. They came with a huge dollop of whipped cream and something yellowish that was way too sweet. Glad I only ate one. Within the hour, I was rushing for the "facilities".  Hmmm. Guess we won't be going back.
4	I like to take my grandparents here as there is something for everyone. It's strip mall location suits the fantastic Filipino and Hawaiian-inspired dishes offered alongside creative takes on pancakery. It's just laid back island style made it the best.
5	Arrived at 8:10 on a Sunday morning and speed of service was great.  I had the Mexican Skillet and it was delicious - Marinated carnitas, sliced Jalepenos, tasty potatoes, sour cream and pico de gallo. My guy had Rick's Adobo Rice.  SO good had to steal a few bites.  Finished the breakfast with Red Velvet Pancakes.  Oh my! So good and so bad at the same time. Loved them! All was great! Will definitely be back.
4	I dont normally like pancakes.... but I love Babystacks. Bless them for adding a Henderson location! They have a very diverse menu. Just know their bacon is turkey bacon. They even have cookie butter french toast! Treat yo self  by coming here for breakfast!
5	Great food... Orange pancakes were yum yum! Our waitress Kaylah was awesome. Overall very pleased with our breakfast and will be going back to try other flavors of pancakes.
4	We've tried :Loco MocoRick's Adobo Fried RiceBaby Chick OmeletteRanchero OmeletteBreakfast BurritoIf you're looking for authentic Hawaiian breakfast, look no further than the loco moco and Rick's adobo fried rice at Babystacks Cafe. The loco moco, served with garlic rice, was oozing with deliciousness and had a brown gravy that was tough to beat. The fried rice was massive in size, only to be matched in flavor. The intimate setting inside makes you feel like you've left Las Vegas and have entered a little Hawaiian eatery. I will definitely be back.Aloha!
3	Their new location in Henderson seems to be constantly packed, no matter what time of day. The breakfast was good, but nothing special. However, I didn't order the red velvet pancakes, so I may need to give them another shot and go back to try what they are famous for.
5	always a line so get in fast!customer service:-smiling all the time-welcoming-always come back to the table at the right timeprices:-reasonablefood:-get the red velvet pancakes (you wont regret them)-do not order the spam and eggs only if you like a lot of sodiumcoming back to try the adobo omelet and back for the velvet pancakes
4	Finally, a BABYSTACKS IN HENDERSON!!! I disliked the fact that I had to drive all the way to Buffalo for this deliciousness. Now, I am lucky enough to have them close to work and home! This pancake house is semi Hawaiian themed with things like Adobo Omlettes, garlic rice, and mac salad. All 3, great choices! There are also over a dozen pancake selections like red velvet, lemon ricotta, and bacon. I usually go with the seasonal specials such as strawberry lemonade, and bananas foster. Never once have I been disappointed. Well, except for the wait time. Unless you go right when they open, or an hour before closing, expect to wait. None of the 3 locations are very big. I think they are going for that personal feel. The service is pretty good. Not over the top amazing, but quick, decent, and friendly. If you haven't tried Babystacks, it's worth a wait. Maybe not an hour wait, but this place is popular for a reason.
1	Hostess was not friendly.  We were not greeted.  Once we were seated our server was slow and inattentive.  I asked for crispy bacon w/ my meal, the server said "of course, no problem." it came floppy.  We didn't see our server again until we were about ready to leave.  We mentioned it, she was going to charge us for an additional side of bacon, until she took it back to the kitchen and it came incinerated- like they threw it in the microwave for 5 minutes.The tortilla on the breakfast burrito lacked moisture as well.  The one good thing is the blueberry pancakes.  That is the silver lining.
5	Best breakfast place ever! Efrain was excellent! I am glad he was our server! Last time I did not have a friendly one in the Centennial area. My wife and I are definitely  coming back :)
1	Very disappointed!! A friend of mine told me to try carrot cake pancakes b/c she always goes to the Babystacks in Centennial Hills. They were dry, the eggs were flat and gross, turkey sausage were indescribable. Service was mediocre... My boyfriend ordered the piglet skillet with the eggs well done; the eggs were burnt... I would not recommend this location.
5	Will go back again. What a wonderful find thanks to Amazon Local.  Lemon ricotta pancakes were mire than delicious.  Love the menu, food, decor and the staff were great.
3	The service was really great. It's a pretty small place so you feel kind of crammed in but a lot of breakfast spots are like that. I got the breakfast burrito with potatoes on the side. The bacon was not crispy at all even though it specifies that it is on the menu.  It was only slightly cooked but I was (currently still am) hungover so I couldn't bare to wait any longer and decided just to go for it. It wasn't great and the potatoes were barely cooked. I'm a fan of crispy everything so this place was really just meh. The banana foster pancakes were good but I still prefer other breakfast spots to this one. I gave it 3 stars because they have great service and it was fine. I just expect more out of brunch. I'm a brunch snob.  Whatever.
2	Heard great things about this place so drug my brother in for brunch before grocery shopping. The place is nice a little cramped but clean. However service stinks, oeople that came in after us got served before us. Our waiter was nice, but it was slow and he kept dissapearing. I ordered the kalua grilled cheese my brother the mecican skillet with a short order of carrot cake pancakes. It took 40 minutes for our food. It was hot my grilled cheese was great my hashbrowns perfect my brother said his skillet was ok that he had better. We were both done with our plates and no pancakes. We waited 10 more min the waiter came out with them. His apology "sorry for the wait but at least their fresh" rubbed us the wrong way. I really wanted to like this place but the service stinks. I will not be hoing back.
5	Love this place for breakfast. Every creation of pancakes they have on the menu is delicious. This place is worth the wait.
3	This place is delish! Every time we have family or friends visiting vegas we take them here on Sundays. Red velvet pancakes are amazing! I only gave three stars because compared to the other babystacks their Adobo fried rice omelet is on the salty side, too much to bare. You need to drink a ton of water or eat more rice to balance all the salt intake. I thought it was only one day but been there several times and still so salty. Wish they took reservations or possibly putting our name on the waiting list as we drive there. Oh well. Guess that's how they make their money. I still drive to the original babystacks to get there adobo fried rice omelet. Just waiting for the Henderson location to get it right. Otherwise everything else is yummy!!
5	Every single thing was scrumptious-- coming from a person who is kind of indifferent to breakfast foods, trust this review. The table ordered country fried steak and eggs, loco moco, honey French toast, red velvet baby stacks, buttermilk baby stacks, chili skillet, and strawberry Nutella crepes. Every single bite was fresh, aesthetically appealing, and delicious.We arrived 15 minutes before closing yet there was no sign of disgruntlement from any of the staff. Our server was extremely sweet-- and in celebration of a birthday, we were given a buttermilk baby stack with a candle. Sweet food... Sweet service...
5	Delish!  Happy it's opened early for early breakfast risers ;). Had their go to adobo omelette and red velvet pancakes! Hands down a must if it's your first time.  Portion was good enough that it became my lunch too (leftovers).Coming from SD chee hoooo for this breakfast spot! Will come again :)
3	The three stars are for this location and its service. I absolutely LOVE babystacks ! I've been to now all the locations and this by far was the worst. It's sad because my S.O had never been and he has this location as his first try. The customer service was terrible, as well as the quality of the food. The portions were small and cold, I requested my eggs over medium and they came to my plate runnier than a toddlers nose on a cold winter morning. Very disappointed, my banana foster pancakes had no love in them they were cold and uninviting. I am very disappointed in this location; I highly suggest the buffalo location.
5	Food was amazing and our server was friendly and attentive. Kalua grilled cheese and chicken fried steak were great. We had bananas foster and red velvet babycakes. All I can say is wow!
5	I had the chocolate chip pancakes and corned beef hash and my wife had the bacon pancakes and sausage links and eggs. I think everything was incredible. My wife also loved almost everything. Except that the potatoes were a little over seasoned. All and all We will def be going back soon. Thank you for the great service and excellent experience. Fyi don't be shyed away by long lines. They move fast.
4	Excellent service and delicious food! Food is cheap to moderately priced. The restaurant has four locations in the Vegas valley, and they all have the same theme--Hawaiian fusion, with a variety of other foods. A great place for breakfast and lunch.
5	I went here for breakfast this morning.  I heard to this place from my girlfriend and she wanted to try it out so we gave it a go this morning.  Upon arrival they seemed pretty busy and I thought we were going to have to wait seeing there were only a few tables.  We got to sit down right away.  I've read all the review about how they had poor service or slow service.  Today or at least with us the service was great.  No complaints in that department. I ended up ordering carrot cake pancakes and steak and eggs.  It did not disappoint.  The food was nice and hot and delicious.  If I had to complain about anything it would be about how small the restaurant.  I can honestly see Babystacks Cafe outgrowing this building.  If they had a larger building they'd definitely make tons of money because the breakfast was good and I'd definitely go back again.   Babystacks has a Eggworks kinda feel to it but on a smaller scale.  I don't want to say ignore the bad reviews but just prepared for a wait.....and if you don't have to wait then that's a plus.   The employees have a family feel so I was curious and asked if the restaurant was family owned and the answer was yes.  Definitely give it a go and compliment me like crazy because I'm super awesome!
4	Babystacks Cafe makes good tasting breakfasty brunchy type food. If you're in the mood for something breakfasty or brunchy then you should give them a try.More specifically they make good tasting variations on traditional egg and pancake dishes mixed with some Hawaiian style recipes. Delish!The service is always pleasantly friendly and the cafe itself is a comfortable place to have a meal. It does get busy, so there is a possibility you'll have to wait to be seated.
2	I guess I just don't get it. Was looking for a place to have breakfast. Nothing special. Nothing over the top. Just plain breakfast. This was not the place. This is over the top eating. All these fu fu foods. Chocolate chip pancakes, red velvet, lots of fluff.I ordered a simple senior breakfast. Brought me a short stack of pancakes with 1 pat of butter. What the heck??? The pancakes were nothing special. These people are looking for the 20-30 something crowd with kids and an open wallet.Won't be back. By the looks of the line out the door, they won't miss me.
5	I implore you, please eat here and be blessed. You will thank me, and then want to go back tomorrow. Baby stacks is an awesome Hawaiian breakfast and lunch joint with a unique flair. Their pancakes are some of the best I've had, and come in a wide variety of flavors. Their Kahlua pork eggs Benedict is my favorite thing on the menu. I literally dream about that dish with a short stack of red velvet pancakes. I tried this place for the first time in August of 2014 and went back 6 times in the next 5 weeks. Just go.
4	Babystacks Cafe has wonderful service. They are quick, polite, and efficient. I ordered the red velvet pancakes, which were pretty yummy. I am not really a huge pancake fan, and I likely won't order them again, but it was definitely worth trying it once. My boyfriend had the banana cream pancakes, which I liked. But more than the red velvet ones. Overall, a fun experience and I look forward to trying other items on the menu!
3	This is our 4th time at BS. We have had NO issues in till todsy. We wanted to treat our 11 yewr old daughter has NEVER been before.My daughter and I both ordered Banana Creme Pie Pancakes.I was  enjoying them until i kept finding these little green things in my pancakes.I asked our server .. who was actually very nice and she said it was because when you put the bananas in the batter it turned green and the batter had been sitting a while.She graciously asked if she could make another order but  by this time I had lost my appetite  and declined the offer.After this I don't think I will be going back.
3	I'm just a plain pancake guy. It was ok but the plain pancakes are nothing special. If you are going try something out of the ordinary.
3	The very best thing about Babystacks was the staff. They were friendly and prompt, taking our order quickly and keeping our coffee cups full. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my wife had the Farmer Omelet. Hers was good, decent size and just a pretty solid omelet all around. On the other hand, my Huevos rancheros were a lackluster attempt at throwing two eggs on top of corn tortillas and beans with a ladle of generic green sauce on top. The sides on both dishes were fried potatoes with a pretty good seasoning salt on them, although the actual amount of potatoes was pretty low on both dishes.
5	Very good. People are nice. Definitely need to come when your visiting in the area. The place is small looks like it could get busy but we came around 11:30 so we were seated immediately. Again the people here are very nice. Food was good and served hot. My boys loved it.
3	The pancakes were fresh and tasty. Those are what they are known for. The rest of my breakfast was merely ok. Scrambled eggs were a bit burnt, not yellow and fluffy. The potatoes were under seasoned and appeared to be the cubed frozen kind. Coffee was just ok. I may come back to try the pancakes again. Service was quick and the host was super nice.
5	Came here w/ my Love, b/c we were craving pancakes AND island food. Ordered portugese sausage, eggs&rice w/ Carrot Cake and Rocky Road pancakes and... OMG.. hello deliciousness! We will definitely be back. Definitely recommend.
2	Not worth the wait not worth the food, IHOP pancakes are much much better, pancakes were not tasty and they were dry. Won't be going back here anytime soon
4	Tried them for breakfast this morning, and we'll definitely be back.  I had the Spinach Eggs Benedict and a sweet cream crepe with bananas.  The crepe was amazing!!  I had a hard time tasting the flavor of the hollandaise, but I'm developing a cold, so that might be why.  The potatoes on the side were delicious and the service was great.  My friends liked their pancakes and everyone enjoyed their meals.
5	Ricks Adobo Fried Rice, is my First Husbands favorite.  I'm still exploring the menu! Loved spam sliders, adore the red velvet Baby Stacks pancakes! Service is sometimes an issue! Something very captivating going on in the kitchen this morning for example.... Almost had to refil my own coffee!
5	Little bit of a wait, but where isn't there one on a saturd a morning. Had a couple specials with some short stack specials. Great variations in flavor for the food and the stacks, definitely coming here again!
3	For the past couple of times that I ate at Babystacks, it has been a hit and miss for me.  The last time we ate there, at the Henderson location, our rice was not properly cooked.  As someone who is Asian and having rice as our staple food, we kind of know how it should be prepared.  AND, if an establishment will be serving Island/Asian infused food, they should get the rice cooked properly.  It was annoying having to eat soggy but hard rice with the spam.  Just didn't seem kosher.  So that just kind of put a bad taste in my mouth, literally.  But I still gave them 3 stars because the pancakes are always amazing!
4	It was a good experience. Met a friend of mine and sat at the counter and ended up getting into a conversation with the manager, I think, who was very nice and made some good recommendations. The Mexican skillet was delicious and my friend had the mocoloco, which he swears by. The pancakes were good as well. I got a buttermilk babystack and he got the lemon ricotta which looked tasty, although I didn't try them. My one critique is that the coffee is crap. Breakfast places without good coffee are doing themselves a real disservice in my opinion.
4	Came to visit Vegas and the Grand Canyon and tired of the strip food and overcharges and googled breakfast places and drove up here for breakfast. Best thing we did...nice and hot freshly cooked food and reasonably priced! Highly recommend!
