5	Aloha Animal Hospital is my new veterinarian for my dog. I have now been for two visits. The docs/owners are Dr. Jamie Sulliban and Dr. Jason Sulliban. They are husband and wife and the mother of  Dr. Jason Sulliban is one of the secretaries. They treat you and your pet as if you are one of their family. They seem to go above and beyond for their customers and their patients. I checked the mail the other day and there was a picture of my dog in the mailbox... " What the heck?!?!?! " Well it turns out it was a custom made post card with my dogs picture on it reminding me he needed his shots. I thought that was pretty cool. So a few days later we go in for our appointment and we are greeted and my dog is given attention by everyone in there. We were put in the exam room where I see a plastic stand with a message on it. It says something like "your dog has had a treat so here's one for you. Enjoy and the DR. will be with you soon." It was a Mauna Loa chocolate covered macadamia nuts. Wow I REALLY LOVE this place now. Even I get a treat. So the Doc comes in and he does a full exam, askes how he has been, and administers the vaccinations. Well I brought in all the vitamins and such I am giving my dog and he looked them over and answered all my questions. The two times  have been here the Doc has spent quite a significant amount of time with me. The other three animal hospitals I've have tried seem to come in and leave just as fast. This place seems to truly care and spend that extra time with the pets and the customers. To top it all off the next day I receive a phone call and it is Aloha asking how my dog is doing and checking to make sure after all his shots and everything he is doing well. I got a check up call for my dog...I've never even gotten one of those for myself!!! I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great animal hospital that truly cares.
5	Fantastic Vets! When I first got my baby, I had no clue where to go, but my friend raved about Dr. Jason Sulliban.  When he told me he was opening his own place, I had to follow.  The staff is absolutely wonderful.  I highly recommend them to anyone that has animals.
5	Wow! Had an appointment for a consult for a chihuahua with a broken leg (she had already been seen/X-rayed by a clinic in So Cal where we were on vacation) and even though surgically plating her leg was not Drs. Sulliban's specialty, Dr. Jason took the time to meet with us to explain what would happen, examine the X-rays, (all at no charge) and then referred us off to the surgical hospital.A very compassionate clinic, the desk staff was excellent and very welcoming. Even though there are dozens of clinics closer to our house, we will definitely be back to Aloha for anything in the future.Highly recommended!!!
5	I'm sooo happy I stumbled upon this place.  I went in, encountered awesome staff from the start, Patty was great who is Dr. Jason's mom :).  Very clean environment (facility is 2 yr old) & decorated with cute lil details all the way to paw prints on the ceiling.  They took an adorable picture of my pup and put it on my receipt, it even said Happy Mother's Day haha.I was in and out in a flash and I didn't worry about the safety of my dog, they treated her with the best care. I will definitely be going back in 2 weeks.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
5	I would not take my dog anywhere else other than Aloha. The staff is professional, kind, and always makes me feel like my dog is their primary concern. I have called their offices on numerous occasions after my dog got into things she wasn't supposed to, and Dr. Cheryl and Dr. Jason both have returned my calls promptly and given me the information I needed to. All without making me feel like an over protective or over worrisome puppy mommy. I love the little post card reminders they send out with my dog on the front as reminders of appointments and shot schedules! If you go around Halloween, they will dress the animal up for the picture and the result is the cutest post card ever! I also appreciate the fact that after every visit, they call to see how my dog is doing. It really shows they care about her well-being.Our experiences there have been phenomenal and I will never take my dog anywhere else!
5	I can't imagine taking our ferrets to any other vet. We live about half an hour away from Aloha, but it is worth it to find a good ferret vet. Dr. Jason and Dr. Jamie really know what they're doing and go the extra mile to find out reasons for an illness. I have one ferret we call Naughty Rocket who has adrenal disease and has been aggressive toward the girls even after surgery. Dr. Jason found a great medication to keep Rocket on to suppress those awful male hormones. And this is not a common medication for ferrets. He really had to dig! They always answer our questions in a timely manner and actually remember us when we come in for an appointment. It is hard to find a good ferret vet, so we are so grateful to have been recommended Aloha by a friend.
5	Aloha Animal Hospital is a clean and welcoming office.  I've actually seen all 3 doctors at some point (my lab has digestive issues and we went to the vet a lot the first few months we had her!) and all were friendly and knowledgable.  They don't rush through the exam and answer any and all questions.  Trust me, I know, because I always ask about 63 questions each time I go in there.Once while on vacation in San Diego, our lab injured herself and we had to take her to the only vet office we could find on a Sunday (a Banfield inside of a Petsmart).  When we got home, the San Diego vet called and basically said, "I looked at her test results and can't figure out what's wrong.  Hope she gets better.  Bye."  In a panic, I called Aloha and they had the results faxed over to them.  Dr. Cheryl called back promptly, calmed me down, and told me what to do over the phone so I wouldn't have to come in and pay for an exam.  I appreciate the time they took to look into my situation when I wasn't even in town.True, they are a bit more expensive than some other vet offices I've been to, and sometimes I wish they were open later, but I feel more comfortable and confident with the staff at this office than anywhere else.  And a couple extra bucks is worth that peace of mind.
5	Everyone is very friendly and welcoming.  The facility is newer and clean.  Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	After moving to Las Vegas about 3 years ago I was very nervous to find a new vet. I was recommended to Aloha by a coworker, and I couldn't be happier. All three of my dogs get the best absolute care. My middle dog had had tonhave surgery twice and they have made it so much less stressful. I cannot give them a high enough recommendation.
5	I haven't had a real vet for my dogs in awhile, but I am not huge on vaccinations every year and they have been healthy.  My old vet was in Summerlin and just too far away for emergencies.  My Papillon got sick yesterday and we were panicked because he didn't have a vet, so we called the place we get our dog food and they recommended Aloha.The vets were in surgery, so they asked we bring him in right away so the staff could monitor him until they could examine him. They were super nice at the front desk and were so sweet and didn't judge us for not having him up to date on vaccines.  They had a nice waiting room and could tell all the other patients (animal or otherwise) liked being there.  We dropped off the dog and they called us a few hours later to ask some questions, as he had recovered almost completely since we dropped him off.Dr Cheryl had lots of questions about his past and behaviors to understand how he got so sick so fast and recovered just as fast. She was super nice and answered all of my questions.We picked him up and everyone at the front desk was asking all about him and how he was feeling when we checked out, and you could tell they actually cared.
5	I'm 28 years old and got my first dog last year, a little 3 lb. Yorkie, so I was very particular and did a lot of research for a vet before I committed to one, and I have to say that the folks at Aloha were fantastic! This was of course, the first vets office I've ever been to, and the whole staff was great. No long wait, and the vet was very sweet and informative, as Sasha is my first baby! They even have chocolate covered macadamia nuts waiting for you in the room! The next week I had to take Sasha to an emergency vet as she hit her head and my vet wasn't open, and the next day the vet at Aloha called to check up her and make sure that she was OK. Great experience, highly recommended vet!
5	The Aloha Animal Hospital and its staff made one of the hardest days of my life a little easier.The staff was so kind and patient, gave me and my husband as much privacy as possible so we could be alone with our fuzzy son during the last moments of his life.They made the most beautiful memorial pieces to take home with our dogs ashes.When I am ready for another dog I will definitely be go to Aloha for all my animal care needs.
4	Just moved into the SW area and perused the various places to find the "right fit" for our miniature schnauzers. Aloha is very good with their social media, and once we visited for a "check up," the attitude of the staff sealed the deal. They are very knowledgeable, caring and take the time to listen to any concern you have AND provide solutions. Nice to experience this. When we secured our third miniature schnauzer just recently, we went straight to Aloha Animal Hospital to perform the physical, not the business suggested by the owner. We like the personalization the staff takes with each of our family members...and the postcards featuring the image of our schnauzer is a nice service.
5	We always know our little guy (Shih-Poo dog) is in good hands when we bring him to Aloha.  We've been going to this vet for a couple years now and I can't say enough good things about this place.  They are very accommodating and most of the time can get you in the same day if needed.  Their staff is also incredibly friendly!We used to drive to a vet far in Henderson.  That facility wasn't as nice as this, the wait times were really long, and we always saw a different doctor.  We chose to go to Aloha when we moved to the area and couldn't be happier.  Wait times are definitely not as long and we always see the same two vets (either Dr. Cheryl or Dr. Jamie - both very nice, knowledgeable, and personable).  I really appreciate that they always seem to remember our dog when they see him.  They take their time answering any questions and concerns that we have.  Our pup had a lot of issues with terrible eye allergies this year.  They were always patient with him even though he could be fussy and were able to figure out the right set of medications for his allergies.  I always got a follow up phone call from the doctor at least a couple times after our visits which I think is very considerate.    Some of their special touches include:- Postcard reminders in the mail (with your pet's face on the cover).  Love to see my smiling dog's face come in the mail!- Hawaiian chocolates for you while you wait and yummy treats for your pet.  They also have coffee and water available for you too.- A very clean, well decorated facility (with little foot prints on the ceiling tiles, awww...)- A comprehensive breakdown of the bill, which I really appreciate [again, with my pup's picture on it =)].- Personable service with a smile.- And during the holiday's, they take a new picture of your pet wearing a holiday costume (last year, they dressed him in an elf costume, too cute, lol!)As far as pricing, I think it seems to be in line with our previous vet.  I'm pretty sure that the checkups and shots are the same amount.  I don't really have a great comparison for pricing since we only have one other facility to compare it to.If you're wondering if you should check this place, please go for it!  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	My current vet is closing, so I needed to find a new (and close to home) doctor for my dogs. Several people recommended Aloha AH. I was immediately impressed with the receptionist when I called. She was personal, friendly, and kind. When we got there, I was again impressed with the front office. They were efficient and thorough. AND they were really nice to my dogs (who are not the easiest patients).We saw Dr. Cheryl. She was thorough, friendly, and spent a lot of time answering my questions. I'm thrilled to have my dogs return for their teeth cleanings and future check-ups. We've definitely found a new home.The only reason I didn't give Aloha 5 stars is that they are on the pricier side. The dental estimate for each dog is in the $500 range.
5	I've worked for several vet clinics over the years in 3 different states so when I go into a clinic with my own dogs now that I no longer work for a vet I have a list of criteria Im always "hoping" is achieved.1. Cleanliness - my first impression is that they actually look the time and effort to fully decorate the facility and have managed to maintain the aesthetics dispite urine and feces daily, im sure. I noticed clever and cool details like paw prints in the ceiling tiles as well as the decals for the exam rooms and candy for the owners.Professionalism - from my initial phone call to reception to the vet and checkout, you guys rocked it.Knowledge - dr. Zimmerman is awesome, she knows her stuff and I appreciated the fact that she didn't insult my medical intelligence. She also followed thru with calling me with test results, something I have found rare in Vegas.I really appreciated that no one was afraid of my dogs breed or that we were treated like thugs because of it.The prices are competitive and I have found my new vet clinic, thank god!Keep up the great work!Thanks so much,Love Glass, Glynis, Starla and Zero Roades
5	I took my brand new pup in for a check up and was BEYOND impressed!  The staff was kind, helpful and explained everything in great detail.  Dr. Zimmermann was absolutely amazing and very personable.  I will definitely be taking my dog back here from now on.
1	Although the Dr's at Aloha are very kind and talented....the whole office just can't seem to get it together. I have had my dogs in there numerous times for everything from surgeries to teeth cleanings. The bill is never what they say it's going to be, and when I schedule them for their shots, I have to go back several times because this or that has been overlooked. It does not give me a good feeling about going there . Be careful when taking your beloved there. I know we will not be returning.
5	I can't say enough good things about this Vet! My puppy just got her last set of puppy shots today, and every time I have gone, I have been beyond impressed with the quality and cleanliness of this place. They assign your dog to one of two doctors, giving them the chance to really get to know your puppy. The cleanliness of this place is amazing. They really take their job seriously here. They even assign you to a small examination waiting room where you can sit with your dog privately. The doctor has always taken the time to answer any of my questions.If you are looking for a vet that is personal, clean, friendly, and professional, look no further! I live on the other side of town, but it is so worth the drive to know that my dogs will be taken care of here!
5	Aloha Animal Hospital is by far the best vet clinic in Las Vegas.  It's always very clean and the staff is pleasant and easy to work with.  I have a couple of clinics right up the street from our house but I choose to take that 20 minute drive to this clinic because of all the plus factors.
5	Our pups hate going to the doctor but Dr. Jamie always takes good care of them and makes their visit as comfortable as possible.  We had to use the emergency service this past week and at first I was annoyed that we had to go through the payment stuff first and then get a call back within 30 minutes (30 minutes is a long time in a true emergency), but Dr. Jamie called within 5 minutes and was very thorough in finding out information for us.  She even called back a few minutes later to tell us additional information that we would need to watch for.  We feel like our babies are well taken care of here! :)
5	So far, I'm really happy with Aloha. We brought Lulu, our rabbit, down for a nail trim (I'd do it myself, but she's a squirmer) to see Dr. Kolmstetter, who recently moved to this practice.The establishment is updated and clean, roomy and gave me confidence in their experience with exotics and their ability to take on an emergency with one, should something ever come up.The staff was kind and sociable and the price for a nailtrim is on par with other practices.My only complaint is that it's at the exact opposite end of town for us, about a 30 minute drive and fairly inconvenient to get to, but that isn't the fault of the practice. Lulu hasn't had an exam here yet, but she's seen Dr. K a few times before, so I'm sure we'll continue to receive great care.
5	I found this vet near by when one of my cats got sick and I'm so glad I've made them my permanent vet. I love getting the post card reminders with my pet's face on it when they need shots and the staff is always great. Dr. Jamie has always been really nice, my pets love her, and she's very knowledgeable. I took my chihuahua in today for a cough and also got some great advice on how to fix some behavioral issues. I highly recommend this vet for anyone in the SW area.THEY ALSO GIVE A MILITARY DISCOUNT!
5	I am so very pleased with Aloha. I moved from out of state and was very anxious about getting quality care for my pets. I stopped in one day and was given a tour, which included the surgical suite and boarding facility. Being that they took me right back I knew that they had nothing to hide from customers. I was worried about transferring all the vaccine info and being sure that we didn't miss anything. Aloha's great front office staff took care of requesting all the records from my previous vet and I begain receiving reminders for vaccinations right away. I have seen all the vets here and have found them all to be professional and caring. I usually see Dr. Jamie and she is wonderful about calling back with lab results. She was off the next day after I had lab work done for my dog but had stopped into the practice on her way to running errands and took the time to get my results and call me. When I mentioned I thought she was off today she said well I was in the area and I knew you were anxious about getting the results.  In my opinion that says it all. All the gals at the front desk are wonderful. The facility is spotless and they have some little treats for everyone (people and pets) just to make you feel a little more comfortable.
5	This place is truly just wonderful. I am so glad we found it. My bf and I have a Border Collie, that is still a little shy around people. The staff is so great, they take their time to play with him, and give him treats to make him comfortable while he is there before they check him out or take him to the back for his shots. You can tell that they are truly caring and enjoy what they do, and i couldn't ask for anything less from this place.
5	Love this place. Dr jason ia super nice and very friendly. I only take my dog here and recommend this place to everyone I know who has a pet.
5	ABSOLUTLEY FABULOUS!!!! Dr. Jason was so great to my group of ferrets. And most people out there with ferrets know that finding a great vet for these little guys is hard. They are also very compassionate and amazing when it came time for the Rainbow Bridge, they also have a private room with a couch for grieving which I found to be very comfortable making things easier to compose myself before I left.
5	I have been a pet owner over 20 years.  Every part of my experience with Aloha Animal Hospital was great.  They got my kitty in the same day I called.  The staff is awesome!  Prices are fair.  Even a follow up call to make sure the kitty was ok.Great job!
5	This is an incredible animal hospital. The staff is friendly and understands how important a bond is between a pet and pet parent. They've taken care of emergencies and boarding for us as well. One of the only draw backs is they only have like 7 or 8 kennel spaces so boarding reservations have to be made early. I can't imagine taking my pets anywhere else!
5	Since my last review we got ourselves a great pooch. We liked Aloha and their staff so much we decided to continue our relationship with them. We are so pleased. The staff is so nice, they feel like family. We've been seeing Dr. Jaimie and we love her. The staff follows up on how he's doing after a visit and will answer your questions any time you call. The facility is clean, quiet and comfortable. Us dog parents even get a treat when we visit!
5	I recently moved to the Las Vegas area and found Aloha by accident as I was driving in my neighborhood.  I am an RVT (registered vet tech) and work in the animal health market as a sales rep.  I am in hundreds of veterinary clinics every year, and I have to say that Aloha is one of the very best!  Dr. Sulliban and the staff took the time to explain the procedures both my kitties would be getting.  The front office staff greeted every client that walked in, explained any delays, and made sure everyone in the lobby was taken care of.  The estimate was explained clearly and was reasonable given the level of care and procedures my cats received.  The office was clean and smelled great!  I received a phone on the day of the procedures explaining how my kitties were doing.  Then I received a personal phone from Dr. Sulliban, the day after, asking if everything was ok and whether or not I needed anything from him.  I will tell you from my 15 years as an RVT, that is very rare and shows a level of professionalism high above most other clinics!  I am very excited to have Aloha as my vet and will recommend them to anyone!
5	I love this place. I just got my first puppy and had MANY questions and concerns. Dr. Cheryl was amazing! I even called with a million questions and Cheryl called me right back and answered every one!
5	I have a huge Koi pond and when I discovered several dead Koi and other Koi with open sores I did not know what was going on. I did a search on Koiphen.com and discovered that Alola Animal Hospital' Dr. Jason treates sick Koi. Dr Jason showed up at my home with his microscope and quickly identified the disease and type of parasites my Koi had. He provided my Koi with treatment and the Koi after 1 week were completely healed saving me thousands of dollars in losses! I will now be taking my dogs to Aloha as I feel they are a unique Vet
5	I brought my two puppies here for their regular checkups in the past & now we bring our two chubby bunnies. These vets are amazing at handling animals of all kinds. From day one, the entire staff has been wonderful. They've even responded to my questions & concerns via email in less than 24 hours. I feel like they actually care about our pets as well as us. We greatly appreciate the fun photos they take of the animals & the cute reminders they send us for regular checkups. If you are looking for a knowledgeable veterinary office that consistently provides great customer service, look no further. Your fury little friends will thank you.
5	I couldn't recommend this pet hospital more. The staff was so kind and helped  me through my doggy crisis. The dr. was very informative and walked me through what we needed to do to take care of my sick pup.  She even called to check up on Sheldon, not the tech or a front office lady but the Dr.  Her self,I was highly impressed. I called a few other pet hospitals around and they all wanted to do a drop off and many test immediately. Aloha talked me through each step, making sure I was ok and understood what they were doing. I can only say great things about Aloha.
5	I have 2 Italian greyhound mixes that HATE going to the vet. Vet visits have always been traumatic for both mommy and the kids - usually a fun filled hour of muzzles, crying, and once even projectile pooping. Good times... I decided to try aloha because its close to my new place, had great reviews, and yes partly because I'm from Hawaii too. I'm glad I decided to give them a try, because this was the best veterinary experience I've had so far in Vegas. Even before I got there, their front office staff was great on the phone - taking the time to answer any questions I had. I also appreciate the reminder call the day before. My kids are normally sweet, but they completely freak out when it's vet time. My happy baby boy becomes this vicious little thing, enough that I need to sedate him w acepromazine and muzzle him at home. My little old lady is more controllable but always cries during shots, and she has never once failed to spray her anal glands due to fear. Because Aloha is close to my house, I opted to take them in separately, so that honestly may be a factor. But our visits with Dr. Jamie were by far the easiest and least stressful vet visits we've ever had. A lot of vets won't let you handle your pets on the table even muzzled because of liability issues, in case you get bitten by your own dog (yet another thing ruined by lawsuits). I spoke to them ahead of time and got an ok since mine freak out even more being wrestled down by strangers. Both kids were really good, and I may not have even needed muzzles, but will continue just in case. Dr. Jamie and her techs were really nice and calm - there was no struggling and thankfully NO anal glands sprayed on me! I was worried since they do blood draws from the neck instead of leg, but even that went smoothly with both dogs. I absolutely love this place, but the one and only downside is that they cost SIGNIFICANTLY more than the 3 vets I've been to in the past. It was $121/dog just for an exam, shots including bordatella, heart worm and fecal (parasites) test. I really don't want to be cheap when it comes to health care for my kids, but without pet insurance to cover the cost, I don't know that I would pay that much having only paid $75 in the past. Not factoring in their pricing, I would highly recommend aloha to anyone with pets. But I hesitate since a lot of people can't (or won't) pay that much more for routine visits like vaccines.
5	I recently changed vets and am now a client of Aloha Animal Hospital. You would think my pup believes we are going to the park and not to the vet. This vet is clean and comfortable, my pup LOVES it here and so do I. The staff is grade A and I could not be more pleased with my vet swap. I will never venture from Aloha!
3	I still think Aloha is really good and thorough, but I wasn't sure they were THAT much better than the rest to justify costing significantly more than every other place in town. The last time, I experienced some pretty sh*tty customer service choices that basically pushed me over to going elsewhere. I had to take my dog in for an exam before he was eligible for pet insurance. I had specifically asked if I would have to pay the $40 exam fee a 2nd time when I brought my dog in for shots a couple weeks later, and the guy on the phone (a receptionist or tech) said no it'll be applied to the bill so I would only have to pay for shots. Great. When I brought my dog in for routine shots and tests, I saw the total was $120 (yeah that's how expensive they are) including the $40 exam fee. When I asked about the charge, the very nice receptionist spoke to the doctor (not Dr. Jamie, it was another female doctor who's name I can't recall). She said the person on the phone was wrong, and too bad you'll just have to pay it again. I told them so you'd rather have a $40 fee than the $900+ I was about to spend on dentals for both my dogs - they said yes, and that's their (stupid) choice. If they had performed an actual service, I honestly would've understood, but an "exam" consists of merely listening to their heart w/ a stethescope and palpating (feeling) their stomach. It's a soft cost, and something that a lot of other vets don't even charge when you're already paying for shots. I paid $600 for both my dogs to get dentals and extractions at green valley animal hospital vs the $900+ I was quoted at aloha. So I saved at least $300 and I hope that you're very happy with your measly $40. I'm a dumb@ss and scheduled my dog's appointment before the insurance actually was active, so I did pay that $40 out of my pocket. Otherwise I wouldn't be so p*ssed about it. So I do think Aloha is a good vet if you have insurance, or are willing to overpay. I really liked Dr. Jamie, but be sure to get any quotes in writing, and be sure to ask the price of things before they do them - they charge $50 just for a fecal and heartworm test. Something I kind of wish they had mentioned beforehand.
5	I have an old lab. He is the type of dog that gives you the look, and he magically suckers you into giving him treats. Dr. K, my vet, politely warned me about the consequences of having an overweight dog, so I started allowing my dog to exercise more. The treats stopped, yet the weight stayed.  That last sentence will probably hit a nerve with some women, but I am still talking about my dog. Well, he was put on diet with food that is certified to make him lose weight, medications, and wealth of information for his owners. Dr. K gave us a compassionate lecture how we are not doing our dog any favor. That he is old, and we should give him the dignity to live his last years of his life as pain free as possible. He's excessive weight was simply killing him. What I remember the most about her lecture was how much love, knowledge and respect she has in every word that she said. I have been to other vets and I have never received such service. Dr. K, I applaud you as a vet and  praise you as a human being.
5	Great care for my two Goldens.  The staff are friendly and my dogs receive excellent care.  Moved here from California and I am grateful that my doggies have a good doctor who cares about their well being.
5	These are great vets! I should know. I've had more experience than most as my last dog had a form of hepatitis and was in and out of animal hospitals and veterinarians offices much of his life. Some vets view your animals as nothing but a dollar sign. It's sad to say but there are those that will order unnecessary tests and charge up your bill to kingdom come if they know that you are one of "those" that would pay whatever it costs to keep your little baby alive and well. Unconscionable and sick that anyone would put a poor and defenseless animal through additional pain and discomfort just to make an extra buck but it's actually more common than you'd think! I know that I've dealt with more than a few of those in the past. At Aloha Animal Hospital, it's not like that. I brought my dogs in for a teeth cleaning because I've heard that you are supposed to get your dogs teeth cleaned yearly. The vet checked out both of my dogs teeth and said they're ok and they didn't need it yet. Any other vet would have been scheduling an appointment for that immediately so they could make that money. And that's messed up! I actually hate doing the teeth cleanings because in order to give your dog proper dental care, you need to put them under anesthesia. That's a risk that you shouldn't be taken unless it is entirely necessary. By the way, they use human grade anesthesia here which is better tolerated by animals. It's more expensive but I'm not looking to cut corners when it comes to my dogs health. So yeah, I trust Aloha Animal Hospital, a trust that is not given freely given because of all the problems I've had with scammer vets out to make a buck off the pain and misery of my dog in the past. To show my great appreciation for their honesty and humane treatment of my little ones, I recommend them to all of my friends. Everyone that I have sent here has been happy. Not to mention the many smiles they have brought to my face when I see the pictures of my little ones in the back room dressed up like a bumble bee, an elf, hula dancer etc. As an extra special touch, Aloha Animal Hospital sends picture postcards to remind you of upcoming shots or checkups. The people that work here are on it! Also, everyone that works really loves animals. You can just tell by the way they treat your pets. Dogs, cats, rabbits, ferrets, reptiles, guinea pigs, whatever animal you have... you can entrust their health needs with Aloha. Bring em here. I promise that you won't regret it! Plus, that chocolate with caramel and macadamia nut treat they leave in the room for the owners sweetened the deal for me too. I'm not gonna lie! Most owners like treats just as much as our pets do. Mahalo! :)
5	This place is awesome!!  I was referred very highly by a friend to Aloha.  My kitty cat only needed a gland expression.  I called same day and she was in and out very quickly.  Just before I left, they handed me a photo of my baby in a Halloween costume!!  Totally made my day!  But what is most important is that my kitty is feeling better.  Will definitely be back.
1	I am no longer a client of aloha animal hospital. I have found them to be over priced, understaffed, and unprofessional. Additionally, based on the unprofessional nature of the current employees, I worry about the safety of my dog in their care. I have changed vets and will never return to aloha.
5	I love Aloha Animal Hospital!  They have been so friendly and accommodating!  Every time I go in I feel very comfortable to talk to Dr Zimmerman about any questions or concerns I have and she is always very thorough in explaining and answering any questions.  They are so sweet to my pups and always leave a chocolate for us humans! Love love love them!
5	OK you know how sometimes you may have a good experience at a business and sometimes you may have a bad experience, and it is random chance and luck.  What is not chance is when a business goes above and beyond for absolutely no reason other than they are nice and care about their clients.  I recently had such an experience with all the Vets at this hospital.  We had a relatively new koi pond and we had some koi that were very sick.  We had sent photos of the sick fish, and Dr. K, Dr. Jaime and his wife, communicated with us multiple times giving us input and advice without ever having charged a penny from us.  We eventually brought two of our fish in to see them to be examined, and treated.  One of the fish was extremely sick and did not make it, but the other recovered after treatment.  After the fish recovered from its parasitic infection, it developed an abscess.  We sent photos of the fish, and the vets gave us advice, and told us how to treat, and even asked to see followup pictures.  It now seems as though the fish is getting better thanks to Aloha Animal Hospital.  They did all this with no charge for their time and advice.  Cannot give a higher recommendation.
1	Sorry I wanted to like this place. Aloha donated a dog to local fund raiser and the dog went to the highest bidder. We fell in love with the dog and ended up with the winning bid. Included in the purchase price was all of the his immunization shots. We were assured in person that night  by Aloha's vets we would not have to worry about ANY of his shots and was included in the + $2000 price. I asked all his shots? They said yes ALL.  And to me ALL means the life or until his immunizations are completed. During his initial visit they wanted to charge us the fee to for his shots.  I asked the girl in front to check with  the vet about the inclusion of all his shots that came with the purchase price. After about 45 mins they did confirm that we will not be charged. 2nd appointment came about 8 months later. Wife took him in this time. They ended up charging her the fee for his shots. My wife didn't want to cause a stir and paid the fee. She didn't tell me until 2 days ago,  the day I said these guy's have no Aloha! Same day I tried to schedule another set of shots. I told the rude and unhelpful girl on the phone the story about our pet. They had no paperwork on our pet and needed to confirm with the vet. Get a call back 30 mins later and says vet can't remember the terms but thinks the included shots was for a year from time of purchase. That was it! I complete give up on Aloha to care for our pet as it doesn't seem they have Aloha. I know, I'm from Hawaii. ALOHA also MEANS GOODBYE! I hate giving bad reviews but it's warranted and the public must know. Especially about the rude and short customer service.
5	New to town and needed to find a vet for my pets.  The office was clean and did not smell like an animal care location. The front and back staff were very professional and friendly.  Dr. Cheryl was very patient with my dog and gentle. She also took the time to answer a couple of specific care questions I had as well. Some other reviewers commented on the rates charged by Aloha, however coming from California, the fees are less then what I paid in LA for vaccines, vists, lab work, etc.  I will be a client for  the lifespan of my pets and have already recommended them to others.
2	The Pros:This location can boast a very nice and clean facility.The front staff took the time to pet my dog and give her plenty of attention.Those are actually the only good things I can think of to compliment this animal hospital.  The doctor that I saw was more interested in shooting down any idea I had about what might be wrong with my dog than actually taking the time to fully check her out.  Furthermore, she opened every single medicine that she recommended for my dog and used them in front of me before giving me a price list for anything.  What was supposed to be a $75.00 vet trip turned into upwards of $240.00.  If this weren't bad enough, the medicine quit working and I went to a different facility where my dog was given a completely different diagnosis and they found two infections in her ears that the other doctor hadn't told me about.  What exactly did I pay for?!If you're looking for a clean environment and friendly front staff only, this is your place.  My recommendation is to just go elsewhere.
5	Everyone who works here is so friendly and helpful that it's always a good experience and even my dog feels comfortable here. Dr. Sheryl is my vet and she's very thorough. The facility is clean and smells nice, the vet techs will come out from behind the desk to say hello and pet your animal and give them a treat. It's just really nice to have people who care about the health of your animal as much as you do.
5	What a great place! We brought our little one here after a friend recommended them; we've never taken her to another vet since. Our second baby (a 3 month old black lab) had some initial infancy issues which neither "The Animal Foundation" NOR "VCA" (The Animal Foundation's veterinary partner) could identify or probably even CARED to identify. Check out my review of VCA on Hualapai for details... I took him to Aloha for a second opinion and (Mrs.) Dr. Sulliban diagnosed him with a birth defect called "megaesophagus", an expansion of the esophagus due to a birth defect. She was very straight-forward with me and my options for his treatment were not what I wanted to hear but definitely what I needed to know. She told me that if I didn't want to go ahead with surgery, he would more than likely die of malnutrition in as little as two weeks. Obviously that was NOT in the cards. She answered everything I asked and even helped me set up his surgery at the Las Vegas Veterinary Specialty Center (which was also phenomenal). Two days later he was recovering from the surgery (he was doing very well and was trying to play... silly boy) and Dr. Sulliban called to see how he was doing. Just the courtesy to call and check up on us felt so good. At that moment I knew I'd never take my babies anywhere else for doctor visits. Fast forward to this past weekend, our first baby, a chihuahua-papillon mix, had her latest immunizations and they called again the day after to see how she was doing, if she was having any reactions, etc. This is not atypical of them. They genuinely CARE about animals. It's very clear that the wonderful people at Aloha love their jobs. But how could you not with faces like these!?!? :)))
2	Staff is awesome... But sad to say we had to go elsewhere because of the high prices we were being charged... $150 for shots and a $600 quote for a neuter?!? I don't even pay that much for my children to see their pediatrician. I love my animal and want the best possible for him but cannot make sense of the high prices for an office visit. I've had greater, far more compassionate experiences with other vets who charge WAY less. Sorry guys.
1	I am so dissapointed at the aloha animal hospital. I had my puppy stay here for 3days for boarding and it was my first time being separated from my puppy so i was really nervous. Every staff was very nice so i was very relieved. They said if a dog stays there for 3 days my puppy gets a free bath so i called in the morning before i went to go pick her up to make sure she already got a bath and they told me on the phone that she already did. When i went to go pick her up every staff was very friendly like always and my puppy came out with a strong perfume spray smell. Well i was really excited to takw her home and got in the car and when i got home i find out that she did not get a bath and they just sprayed tons of perfume spray on her. So i called them back to ask if she really did get a bath and the lady put me on hold to find out for me. She checked with the person that was in charge of my puppy and told me that she did. Its not that big of a problem that she did not get a bath. Its the fact that they are not telling me the truth and just trying to get away with it. I am just so upset that i trusted these people to take care of my puppy for the last few days ans who knows if shw really did get the service that they promised me when i left her with them. I even signed up for vip boarding which allows more play time and treats and now i do not trust them and i truly regret trusting this place. Im getting a headache from the spray that they sprayed on her and she feels very greasy and its just gross. I usually never leave negative reviews about a place but i am just so upset right now. I am very very dissapointed and i will never go back to this place who is not honest.
4	Dr. Jason is Kind and caring which makes me feel good about bringing my dog here. The whole staff is friendly and the Hawaiian theme is very Aloha Spirited. The rooms are always clean and sanitary as I have seen them mop immediately after the pets leave the rooms from their visit. Although I love this place I can't help but feel like they are always trying to "sell an upgrade" or added vet test at every visit, sometimes this makes me feel like it's more about the money than my pet. The last visit their seemed to be a lack of communication between the staff, they were unsure if my dog had a bath or not, they went back and forth a bit, just need to button up the lines of uncertainty at least in front of clients. It seems a bit lazy of the front staff to not come around the front of the desk to greet my dog and help her on the scale, It seems as though they could impact the service by actually taking the time and walking out from the front to assist instead of pointing over to the scale to me and then shouting across other clients conversations about the weight. I don't know maybe I just expect a bit more with my background in service. All that being said I still do recommend Aloha based on their years of treating both of my animals. Dr. Jason was very professional and kind when we had to put our Boston down, as it was the hardest thing to face and he softened the mood and made it gentle and professional for my husband and I at this difficult time. In my opinion their still the best vets in my area.
5	I can't say enough good things about Aloha Animal Hospital.  They are always kind and courteous.  The entire staff is never too busy to answer any and all questions you have about your pets.I have 2 dogs that are very shy every staff member knows this and makes every effort possible to make them more comfortable.  Dr. Jason knows that he needs to come in and sit for about 5 minutes to let the girls warm up to him.  He never tries to manhandle them, instead he waits until they are ready to be examined.  In this world of hurry up and every minute of a vet's time is money that is rare to find.  They don't recommend unnecessary procedures and it is always about the pets well being over time and money.
5	Awesome place! The staff was so friendly and informative. I had numerous questions about different things and they were nice enough to explain every step of the process. I am definitely bringing my dog back to this place!
5	This place is just...awesome! It is probably the nicest facility I've ever seen and the staff is just as great. We found them when researching a vet that deals w exotics. We brought our hedgehog in and they were very thorough. We felt so comfortable there. We recently adopted a dog and I can't wait to bring her in as well. They offer tons of services including boarding, which we plan to use in a few months when we go on vacation. This place is definitely highly recommended!
5	Great place !  First visit was great, we came back and had some dental work done for my dog they were amazing they gave us updates and called us when he was ready couldn't ask for anything more! Wouldn't take my dog anywhere else !!
5	I was referred to Aloha Animal Hospital by Dr. Jason Sulliban's father who worked with my father back in Hawaii. Prior to moving to Vegas (from Hawaii last year) I was worried about having to find a new & good vet that specialized in rabbits.  It was such a relief to learn that they do have experience with rabbits and also do pedicures. They charge about $16 for a rabbit pedicure which is well worth it. The facility is clean, the staff Is always friendly and most Importantly they take good care of our little Stinky Tofu. On our very first visit they took & gave a cute photo of Stinky wearing a lei :)
5	Love these vets. We seem to have the worst luck with our pets and Aloha always takes great care of our babies. I love that I can bring in all my exotics as well as my cats and dog. They are really friendly and send reminders for checkups and such. They accept care credit which is always helpful. They have done surgery on our snake and I trust them with all my critters. Thank you so much for all you do guys!!
5	I should of done this a long time ago but better late than never. While crate training my boxer puppy we came home to find her half way through the crate and half way out she was stuck by her back paw bleeding and crying. I quickly grabbed her and yelled for my husband and kids to get in the car. I ran into aloha animal hospital a mess crying and handing them baya (my puppy) asking for their help. they immediately got her from me and took her back. while my kids and I were waiting they gave us chocolate covered macadamia nuts and helped keep me calm and helped reassure my kids everything was going to be ok which after a few stitches and some Meds she was!!! I can't thank them enough...when going through something like that with your puppy which let's face it are our babies having such helpful loving people taking care of not only your dog but you and your kids is amazing!!!
4	After a terrible experience with our previous vet, we made the switch to Aloha Animal Hospital and couldnt be any happier!  Dr. Jamie is one of the most sincere and loving vets ive ever come across! After each visit, she takes the time to call her patients back to make sure everything is ok. Thats amazing!  They're always accommodating all incidents my pet has had to go in... without hesitation!Staff is very friendly also.It is however  pricier for some of their routine vaccinations.  Thats my reason for a 4 star rating.
5	The entire staff is phenomanal! They seem to truly care about you and your animal! My dog had teeth pulled recently and they put me at ease beforehand by answering all of my questions, they were in contact with me during the surgery, and handed her off to me with detailed instructions when she was done. The doctor also did her best (and succeeded) in staying within my budget which can always be hard when dealing with surgery. Then they called the next day to see how she was doing, I didnt answer because i was at work but it was completely unexpected and felt really good to see they werent only there to do her surgery but also there after for any questions or concerns.
5	Love the office & the staff. Been taking my dog here for a couple years. They have really taken real good care of her as far as her health. In 2012, my dog was paralyzed due to inflamed discs. It was a hard time. Dr. Jamie took real good care of her. Now my dog is playfully running everywhere to this day. Facility is very clean. Staff is professional, organized & friendly. The pet owners even get a "treat". A Hawaiian Chocolate Macadamia. Very nice touch. Also Dr. Jamie and other Vets are very caring & informative. It shows with me they genuinely care for their furry patients.Love coming here!!!
4	The first time we had to board our pet here, the front office staff was not very friendly. Animal care takers are always very polite and sweet, which makes leaving our pet less painful (still sad for me :( though). We had to board again for the holidays and our bunny was well taken care of. The front office staff was still a little frantic when we dropped off but the lady who helped us was very nice and accommodating. The exotic animals boarding is about $15/day. Will be back again. Thank you Aloha Animal Hospital!
