5	I took my Aunt and two young children for dinner at Crepe Expectations the week they opened.  That was 2 weeks ago and my 3 year old son has asked me everyday for a PB&J crepe.  My aunt and I both tried different crepes so that we could split them up.  DELICIOUS!  The shrimp was great, carne asada was great, the salad was awesome.  The decor is amazing and so calming.  I cannot wait to take more people there...it's such a fun treat.  Oh, and, everyone there was soooo kind!
5	If you are looking for the freshest YUM in the world, you have found it here!  Everything is made to order, using nothing but the best ingredients.  Our teenage boys, who eat nothing, would live at Crepe Expectations and eat crepes all day if I'd let them.The dessert crepes are to die for!!  I dare you to eat just one!!Keep up the good work!
5	I'm a fan.  I've been here 3 times since they opened their store location, after being introduced to them when they were operating the mobile unit.  The food is AMAZING.  I love the Rosarito, which has delicious chorizo and homemade guacamole.  I'm also a fan of the Grand Turk, which also incorporates the guac.  Most recently I tried the Bomber, and was impressed with the flavor of the meatball.  It's got some good kick!  Ana has some serious culinary talent!  I recommend going with a friend, as I can't eat a whole savory crepe and have a dessert crepe too, and it is a shame to miss out on the dessert crepes.  When I went with a friend we shared the Frisco, and it was out of this world!  The lemon curd is perfection.  I can tell the ingredients are quality, it really makes for an amazing product. I should also mention, the staff is very friendly.  They truly appreciate your business.  The decor is beautiful (check out the bathrooms, very pretty) and I enjoy lingering after my meal with a nice cup of coffee.   There's a nice patio seating area, which is great for people watching on the weekends.  You get a very nice dining experience, and the price is not hard on your wallet either.  Enjoy!
5	I am so giddy because I luv crepes!I found out about the opening in the zip code magazine I get in the mail, and bookmarked it forthwith.  I knew that this creperie served crepes on a plate, not hand-held style, but so what?  They serve up YUM!Even though it was a late lunch for me, I opted for a sweet crepe.  I will definitely need to get back here to try savory and breakfast crepes, but The Avalon called out to me: buttered pears, goat cheese, candied walnuts....it was amazing!  So was the service.  I was the only one inside (a few brave souls were eating outside) and I had a nice chat with the two ladies working.  I am intrigued by the flavored mimosas and will come back for those (they have a 3 mimosa sampler for $10 or one for $6) - white peach, passion fruit, lychee, traditional, pomegranate. This would be a really fun place for me to get the yelpettes of Vegas for a crepe and mimosa brunch before my wedding (so keep your eyes open for that, belles!)Yes, I will be back...they have guacamole for savory crepes and lemon curd for sweet ones so I have to come back for those options!The interior is swanky, purple hues, fun art and mirrors on the walls, nice tables (I sat at the one by the crepe-making station), flat screen TVs, and even really nice flatware!Crepely speaking, you cannot go wrong here.
4	I love crepes. And surprisingly, this city is lacking in the crepe department. The only place I knew of was the little window in the Paris hotel. I am glad to see a few more crepe establishments open up, and I am even more glad to give them a try.One of those new places is Crepe Expectations. I had great expectations for Crepe Expectations (ha-ha). And overall, I'd say they met most of them. The decor of the restaurant is nice and modern and the outdoor furniture is pretty comfy. There is even a flat screen above the counter that displays an overhead view of your crepe being made!I hit up this place with a friend. Here's what we had:-the Greek - a crepe filled with the typical greek items such as feta cheese and olives. The grilled chicken was a little dry and tough, but other than that, the rest of the crepe was delicious.-the Caprese - the classic salad wrapped in a crepe. The pesto sauce on top was a nice touch.-the Mimosa Trio Sampler- you get to choose from 5 flavors: classic orange, lychee, passion fruit, pomegranate and white peach. The lychee and the white peach were my favorites.Today, the special was a chocolate covered strawberry with the mimosa trio sampler for $2 more. The one crepe and the mimosa sampler brought my total to a little over $20, which I thought was pretty pricy. I guess that's what happens when you add a little bubbly. But if you go and get just a crepe, they are reasonalbly priced anywhere from $5-$10, depending on how fancy you wanna get.Crepe Expectations has a large variety of breakfast, savory and sweet crepes in addition to beer, wine, bubbly, coffee and tea. I can't wait to go back and try some more, especially the banana nutella crepe I was eying this morning.
5	I was so happy when this place opened up. I love crepes but out here so many people mess them up. This place, however, has it down. My friend and I made it a point to go for breakfast and was happy to see so many selections. We wanted to try a savory one but I was hesitant since I've always had sweet crepes so I picked The Frisco (blueberry & lemon curd) and my friend picked The William Tell(apples & caramel) and we both had the berry lemonade.        Mine was good they didn't cook the blueberries, which is always nice, instead they just barely warmed up in the beautifully folded crepe. They could have tossed the berries in a lil more lemon curd but the crepe itself was tender and slightly sweet cooked just perfectly and the whipped cream, which they put on the side of crepe how I like instead of on top, was fresh which in my book is always a good thing. My friend's was also very good not too much caramel and her apples cooked perfectly.        The staff  is great. The owners are very nice welcoming people with a very spunky attitude and are willing to answer any questions and make numerous suggestions. The decor is awesome I love any place that uses a lot of purple and modern touches in their decor and it's nice that they have a few tables outside so you can sit and relax in the nice weather. I would definitely keep going here even if it's so far away from my house and next time I will definitely try a savory one.
4	So many types of crepes, so little time!My buddy April F. and I went to visit Crepe Expectations on a recent beautiful morning. The staff is very friendly and go above and beyond to make sure your needs are met.I love that they serve a wide variety of alcohol (beer, wine and bubbly!). It was great to have 5 different flavors of mimosas to choose from (regular orange juice, lychee, passionfruit, white peach, and pomegranate). I highly recommend ordering the sampler ($10) in which you can choose 3 different mimosas.Now on to the crepes! There were so many varieties of savory, sweet and breakfast crepes. I opted for the Caprese which was tomato, basil, pesto, and mozzarella cheese. It was SUPER YUMMY. I am a savory crepe type of girl and am always disappointed when normal run of the mill crepe places only have 2 or 3 types to choose from. There are over 10 savory types to choose from here! Can't wait to try the Pirate! The crepes run between $5-$10. The only downfall is it is far from my side of town. I guess my waistline will thank me for that. Thanks Crepe Expectations for going beyond my great expectations for a yummy crepe!
4	Crepes are the new cupcake. Move over rich frosting because this lighter pastry is coming to take over. Before you would have to go to the strip to get one of these Parisian delights. Now you can get them outside of that parameter. Crepe Expectations lures you in with a play on words, settles you in with boutique decor, and snags you with their divine crepes. My sister and I split the Frisco. A mellow crepe with a thin layer of lemon curd, handfuls of blueberries, a light dusting of powder sugar, and a side of fresh whipped cream. We accompanied this with the mimosa trio. They have five flavors to choose from; pomegranate, lychee, original, passion fruit, and  white peach. We had ordered the first two and the last. The tart acidity of the pomegranate cut the champagne nicely. The lychee had a subtle sweetness, but did not mask the flavor of the alcohol. The white peach was our least favorite. From start to finish it was bitter. I wished my sister would have been honest when the owner asked us, but after she said everything was delicious, it was too late. I appreciated that the owner took the time to come out and talk to us. Asking how we heard about the place. Stalking Yelp sure does pay off. The atmosphere is cozy and the staff are polite. The prices are mid range compared to other crepe places. Everything is made in house except for the hummus. You can definitely taste the freshness in their ingredients. There is also a TV overhead so that you can watch them prepare your crepe.Everything about this place warrants another visit. Next time I will try their pear and goat cheese one.
5	Crepe expectations was the perfect escape from another ridiculously hot Vegas summer afternoon. It was dark (in a good way) and cozy - decorated with purple, mirrors and shinies. We both went with sweet crepes - Avalon for me, Ana bananas Foster for my friend. The Avalon is actually what brought me in the door - can't go wrong with pears (canned, but cooked to order on the stove with butter), goat cheese, candied walnuts and honey. It was delish.... crepe was light and not too sweet, and you could taste each individual ingredient. I tried the Ana bananas Foster too - it was good but a little too banana for me. My friend loved it. We also shared the mimosa tasting with lychee, white peach and pom. The white peach was our least fav, we just weren't feelin it. Lychee was great and went perfectly with our sweet fruity crepes. We also liked the pom, but not necessarily paired with the crepes. It was a good deal for $10 but note that they're cute little tasting glasses, not 3 full sized wine glasses as it kind of looks in the pic someone posted. It was a great first time visit and I look forward to trying savory crepes like the rosarito and that cupcake moscato d'asti. Never thought of getting drunk at a crepe shop before, but with such reasonably priced wines, why not.
5	This place was great! The breakfast crepe I had was delicious, I got to watch them make it, and the staff was really friendly. On top of it all, the lovely lavender decor just tickled my visual senses. I would go back here any day of the week!
5	My sister and I got lost and we ended up finding Crepe Expectations. I love crepes and convinced my sis to go. We got the Sonora (carne asada, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, and jack cheese) and split it because we weren't really hungry. But it was so delicious!! The crepe also came with some fruit on the side. I like how they are specialized in crepes and not 10 different things and their menu may be short but from our Sonora crepe; I bet all the crepes on the menu are good too.The decorations inside gave you a chic feel to it. The atmosphere was quiet and peaceful but the owners told us we came after the rush hour. We both talked to the owners and they were really nice. We found out that they make everything in the kitchen fresh every day. They're trying to make their own hummus. Outside they have some food and water so it's good if you want to bring your dog or cat with you. Although in the heat, I think the water would be boiling. We live on the other side of the town but we are definitely going back the next chance we get. Especially when we did get to try the dessert crepes.
5	I've been waiting for a place like this to open off the strip. Crepe Expectations exceeded my expectations with their friendly staff and their variety of crepe offerings. You can choose from breakfast, savory to sweet crepes and in addition beer, wine or a number of different mimosas. The crepes were very authentic and presentation was nice. My only knock is the dark interior but the last time I checked, I'm not an interior designer and this all about the food and service which were both fantastic. It was very clean and modern inside and they even had a tv showing your crepes being made. The other great thing was that they served Illy Coffee and free refills, thats pretty awesome. Anna and the rest of the staff were super friendly and constantly checked up on us, I will definitely be a regular at this spot!In regards to the food, my wife and I shared one of each of the breakfast, savory and sweet. The crepes were thin, light and held up very well with the fresh fillings...so good!
5	Thanks to Crepe Expectations, I think that I've developed an obsession over crepes. With their extensive crepe menu ranging from the savory, to the wide array of crepes to satisfy any sweet tooth, this place has you covered. They even have some breakfast crepes available all day for those breakfast lovers out there. Walking in, I could immediately tell that there was a lavender theme going on with this place. While being surrounded by these colors was a bit threatening to my masculinity, I was happy to see that they had ESPN playing on the TVs to compensate while I devoured my crepe.For a light dinner, I went with The Razorback: a savory crepe filled with pork tenderloin, spices, potato, tomato and red onions. It reminded me of a pork tamale, just with a very light and fluffy exterior. The side of ripe diced watermelon that came with the crepe was also a nice touch to complement the meal. I was pleasantly surprised. Everything was artfully prepared, with even a hovering camera above the crepe station so that you can see it all in action.Their drink menu is just as extensive as their crepes; with wines, spirits and beer to fulfill the alcohol needs; to juices, coffees and teas fit enough to cater to the coffeehouse connoisseur. They also offer some complementary cucumber water, which was very refreshing. Be sure to check out their imported premium soda chalkboard to see what they have. It's bound to cycle through some changes from time to time, but their choices of soda are always delicious.Throughout the entire visit, I was able to tell that the owners of this establishment run it with a passion. From the moment I set foot in the door, they made sure I had a good experience, from choosing the food, all the way to the end of the meal. Friendly, personable service is often hard to come by in Vegas. I'm glad to see that they offer it in leaps in bound here.
3	It's ok. Saccarine crepe..the colors are garish..what lakers colors? Really? Staff is ok. Its just ok.
5	Love the crepes and the people!
4	This place has the most AMAZING coffee. The crepes were the best I have ever had.....What a neat little place. The decor is so nice a warm. I have refered this place out a few times already. Keep up the great work.
5	Thank you to Lisa L. for inviting me to brunch here so I could check this place off my bookmark list ! :)This place is awesome!! A fantasic lineup of savory and sweet crepes, and a very cool mimosa menu to boot. The perfect place for an affordable brunch. The decor is cute, and the owners are so nice and gracious.  My crepe with pears, goat cheese, toasted walnuts, and honey was to die for and I can't wait to go back to try the savory options !
5	I love crepes so I had to go check this place out. There are so many options I couldn't make up my mind! I went with a lemon curd crepe with strawberries and blueberries. It was great! Lemon curd was excellent as well as the fresh berries. I also had a fresh squeezed OJ. I will definitely be back for breakfast and lunch. Go!
5	I've been here twice, had the crepes thrice, all times the food and service were excellent! They've only been open a couple weeks, but my boss talks about it all the time...so I had to see for myself. The first time I went in, the owners were the ones that greeted me. Friendly, smiling, and welcoming. That's definitely a plus with me. :) I told them it was my first time, and they asked me a few questions before offering suggestions on what to try. I was super hungry so I wanted a filling-dinner type of crepe. He suggested The Bomber, w/ pepperoni added. He said you can add whatever you want to the crepe. Awesome. The Bomber has meatball, mozzarella, tomato sauce...and I added pepperoni to it. The Bomber was definitely.... da bomb! (haha lame joke. ;) ) The crepe is a good size and it comes with a side of fruit. My first time there I chatted with the owners and (I didn't ask for it, but they did it anyways) --- they gave me a sit down type of service. Which I appreciated a lot! Maybe I seemed confused my first time there. But the way it's set up, you order at the counter, they give you a number and they bring your food to you. Even with that type of service, the owners check up on you to see if you need anything and if your enjoying your meal. I love that! That's what top notch customer service is about! :) My 2nd crepe, my awesome bosses ordered us some from here. I had the Sonora. It includes: carne asada steak, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, jack cheese. It also came with a side of fruit, pineapple. The fruit is different each time. :) Which I enjoy. That was delish as well. My 3rd crepe, 2nd time here: I brought my friends along with me. It was nice too see the owners remembered me. :) I ordered the Caprese crepe and Mimosa trio sampler. You can choose 3 out of the 5 flavors available. I chose the lychee, passion fruit, and pomegranate. My FAVE was the lychee mimosa!!! I love lychee.... and I was excited to try that one. It was delicious! I wasn't a fan of the other flavored mimosa, but the lychee was my fave. The Caprese was good. Melted mozzarella, tomato and basil. I loved the drizzle of pesto sauce over the crepe. I forgot what my friends ordered, but they enjoyed theirs as well. By the time we scraped our plates clean, we were soooo full but still managed to order a dessert crepe or rather a "Sweet Yum." We couldn't leave here without having one of those. So the three of us shared one. Got the Nutty Classic and added banana and strawberries! It was huge, and delicious! Nutty Classic includes nutella, fresh chopped hazelnuts, whipped cream, powdered sugar...and along with that we added the banana and strawberries! It was heaven! I'll have to try their other dessert crepes the next time I come in. We all couldn't stop talking about the decor of the place. It's not what you would expect from the outside. Lots of purple, it's hip yet elegant. If you go, you have to check out the bathroom! the decor in there is beautiful as well! The prices are not bad, and they have a selection of beer, wine, coffee, waters, juice, etc. Oh they also have two tvs one with the making of your crepe, and one for entertainment. If your looking for delicious crepes, excellent customer service, beautiful decor, this is the spot!
4	I swear, crepes are the new cupcake; for this, I am immensely grateful! Seeing this place open up recently, my brother and I decided to give it a go. Whereas down the street, they're serving Japanese-style crepes - this place is all about the traditional Parisian crepes. My brother and I shared the Mimosa Trio and the Frisco crepe. The trio featured a white peach, pomegranate, and lychee mimosa. Lychee was simply to die-for while white peach boasted a bitter taste. On the other hand, the Frisco, adorned with lemon curd, blueberries, and powdered sugar, was orgasmic. Talking to the owner, she said she made everything in-house other than the hummus, and for this, I am impressed. Homemade lemon curd? There's nothing better.What struck me the most was the ambiance. Enduring the brutal Vegas heat from the parking lot walk, entering Crepe Expectations is a nice, welcomed change. Intimate, dimly light, and well-decorated, Crepe Expectations is perfect transition from Vegas heat and sun.
5	This is a place like no other.  You can have breakfast, lunch, dinner and desert all in one location.  My favorite for desert is the Avalon with Hazelnuts instead of the candied walnuts.  We have been to this place several times a week and we have NEVER had a crepe we did not like. The staff is very friendly (Family like), the mimosa's are awesome as well as the coffee.  This is a place we can go to every day and never get tired of it, that is how good this place is.  There is a great menu to choose from no matter what your desires are or the time of day.   The decor inside is very warm and friendly, a place you can take you laptop to and just hang out.  There are two big screen tv's on the wall and you can get lost for hours if you are not careful.  You will go in for lunch and end up staying for dinner and desert.I cannot say enough about how great this place is and until you try this place, you will never know, but I promise you once you try it, you will never go anywhere else for a crepe again.  They have perfected the crepe experience and the creations are so mouth watering, you will eat the entire plate.One last note, one day I ordered the Avalon and took half home to eat later.  When reheated, it was just as good as when it came off the crepe maker.  All the flavors were still there and when I was done eating my left overs, I was left wanting more.  I don't care when you stop by this place, just MAKE SURE YOU STOP BY and try this place for yourself, you will NOT be disappointed.
5	Found it on yelp. We had great brunch. Perfect amount of food and flavor
5	Came in today and wow, it was amazing.  Very, very good.  Had mine w/ bannana, strawberry and nutella w/ whip cream.  Need I type more lol?  It was just as good as it reads.  I strongly recommend it.
5	Lazy Sunday morning and my refrigerator had nothing I could or would eat... so I called Mom and asked her if she'd like to join me for lunch. I said I wanted to check this place out after my friends raved about it. We made a date and, voila, dejeuner!Straight to the good stuff: Crepes!As it says on my profile... I don't eat much, but I eat well. That's also the best excuse *ever* to order too much and, if needed, send it home with Mom. ;)Savory: The Caprese (extra pesto, please!). The mozzarella was fresh and creamy, the tomatoes firm and bright and sweetly tangy, the basil was sweet and fragrant, and the pesto was... ...... oh, uh, my apologies... I was daydreaming about the pesto. Thicker than some pestos, the flavors were deep - nutty, cheesy, garlicky, basily (are these words?!) - *without* being heavy or oily. Absolutely on my faves list now.Savory: The Grand Turk. Tender, tender turkey makes this crepe fantastic. The other ingredients: guacamole, olives, cheese, are great accompaniments, yes, but the Grand Turk is not just named for it's protein base, but truly because the turkey shines. Sauteed, it has a smokey roasted/grilled taste that really makes it stand out.Sweet: The Avalon. Sauteed, buttered pears, walnuts, honey, and goat cheese. An amazing combination that ends up just sweet enough. The nuts and cheese keep the honey and pears perfectly balanced. I had only one wish, and I expressed this to Ana when she stopped over to chat, was that it had more of the goat cheese and the creamy tang that it imparts into the dish.Sweet: The Frisco. Blueberries and lemon curd. One bite and Mom just smiled with that "oh, yes, my mouth is happy" look that she gets over good food. I loved the freshness of the berries, that ripeness that brings a perfectly sweet/tart juicy bite. Add the zest of an amazing lemon curd? Fab, fab dish! Ana even took the time to talk to us about how she worked through the dish to perfect it, and shared some ideas on lemon curd outside of the crepes! I mention a lot that I don't eat bread, rice, potatoes or pastas but for a small bite here and there. So, I can admit to leaving way more crepe behind on the plate than should be legal. That said, I *do* taste things, and I had quite a few tastes of the crepes themselves, not just the amazing filling. Light batter that packs a great flavor, perfectly griddled, and even consistency are important in a crepe. Crepe Expectations has got this hands down and, dare I say it, easily rivaling my favorite little spot in Seattle's Pike Market.Add to all of this the lemon and cucumber waters (cool, tasty without being overpowering, and oh-so-refreshing!), the large menu of libations (coffees, teas, juices, wines... so many options!), there is something for every person (and to complement every crepe!).The service is phenomenal. Larry and Ana know what customer service means. They will chat you up if you want to chat, share their experiences, and truly try to get to know you. Much like I try to never meet a stranger, they easily make friends of their customers. The rest of the staff is friendly, fast-moving but laid back, and the whole of the experience is inviting.Something else I noticed: From posted signs (no smoking! wash your hands!) to the artwork, to the light switches to the bathroom lighting: everything is coordinated, put together with purpose, and cohesive. With that kind of attention to detail, plus the amazing food and the stellar service, this is easily on my Must Go Often And Bring Everyone Here list.
4	Food and selection was good.great friendly service. Sat outside and enjoyed our breakfast. Dog friendly with little treats and water so next time we may bring our dog, Doug.
4	Great ambience, food and people! If you love crepes, this is a place to be - they have the savory, sweet, and breakfast side with mimosa! ;) oh and beer for the boys. The owner is super nice! He literally walks out and greets every customer and asks how everyone is doing and even cleans up when you finish! :)
5	Savory and sweet crepes with trios of mimosas. And all in a great atmosphere with friendly and attentive service. A total winner.I'd been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally made it over here for a quick dinner last night, So fab. It's a small place that is very nice and modern on the inside. Food Network on the large flatscreen. And a view of the crepes being made on a smaller flatscreen.They also have a dog friendly patio with water and treat bowls, which is totally awesome.I opted for a trio of mimosas. There are several to choose from and I went with the white peace, lychee, and pomegranate. The lychee was fantastic! For a crepe, I went with a savory option and had the La Jolla. So yummy! It was like a spicy BLT in a perfectly done crepe. It had crispy bacon, lettuce, tomato, guacamole, and chipotle mayo. And it was a pretty large crepe. And their breakfast crepes are available all day long.They also have a nice selection of beer, wine, and unique sodas. And the prices are pretty great, especially considering the portions and yumminess. I will most definitely be back!
4	Finally! A great locally owned breakfast/lunch eatery that I'm excited about. Walking in, the first thing I noticed was the beautiful decor: dimly lit, modern wall hangings and a sophisticated, yet cozy atmosphere. What I really liked was that though it was sunny and hot outside, the windows are tinted, so the annoying and shiny sun was nowhere to be found. There are only a few tables inside, but there's covered seating outside. The menu is simple: crepes. Sweet and savory, they cater to all. My girlfriend got the bananas foster crepe and I got...well, I forget what it's called but it had chorizo, guacamole and scrambled eggs...absolutely divine. Served with a side of super sweet watermelon, the crepe itself was tender and unctuous. They're made fresh right in front of you. It's like eating a fresh flour tortilla but richer and eggier (not sure if that makes sense). Anyhoo, They have two different types of free water: lemon and cucumber. I got the cucumber, which was refreshing and a nice change of pace from the standard. We also met the owner who was out and about bussing tables and talking with guests...We could tell he was excited about his job. They also accommodate the GLUTEN FREE! That's right, a gluten free crepe! A very unique and delicious treat, check it out!
5	What a great little place! The food was exceptional and the service was fantastic! We will be back!
4	3 of us went there for lunch. Was very good.  The side of watermelon was interesting; however.  I would've preferred a crepe and a small side salad vs. a steak crepe and a side of watermelon?  I also wish they would have mini dessert crepes vs having to buy 2 crepes :)
5	Rolled in at 11am on a Wednesday morning and was HUNGRY. I had just come in from a late night flight the day before and was ready to take a bite out of my bff's arm, who joined me this morning at Crepe Expectations (shh don't tell her). We were greeted by the NICEST smile from Ana, who turned out to be a sweetheart. She is one of the owners and puts so much care into everything she does -- as it would become evident later. My friend and I each ordered a savory crepe - I had the Marco Polo (italian sausage, egg, jack cheese) while my friend ordered the Turk (turkey, jack, guacamole). We shared the mimosa trio made from fresh fruit puree (guava, passion fruit, and white peach). I opted for a coffee (illy espressemente coffee...amazing)! The mimosas came out quick and we absolutely loved the passion fruit and white peach ones - so delicious!When we got the plates, I was shocked. The crepes, aside from being beautifully presented, came with a side of fruit (cantaloupe), and were generously portioned. I was expecting the usual crepes-that-would-barely-qualify-as-a-snack size crepes, and had mentally prepared myself to be hungry after. NOT THE CASE. I was stuffed and the fruit was a perfect way to top things off. My friend and I were SOLD!Then, we remembered we had ordered a dessert crepe (once again, my above frame of mind of expecting tiny portions) -- the William Tell, which has sauteed apples, caramel, whipped cream. We were craving nuts and Ana suggested throwing in some caramelized walnuts. AMAZING. TRUST THIS WOMAN WHEN SHE GIVES YOU SUGGESTIONS!!All in all, we were gushing to Ana about how we loved everything, and she let us in on a few secrets. My friend and I dislike overly-sweet desserts, and this was perfectly done. Ana mentioned that the crepe batter doesn't have any sugar -- no wonder! Also, we watched her make a customer the Veggie crepe. It was filled with sauteed veggies and hummus. She told us that it was 150 calories! For such a generous portion, I'd definitely come back just to try it. What a total win-win, when you can eat something hearty (and a crepe at that) and have it just be 150 calories! Great food, great staff, well priced items for generous portions... I will definitely be back soon!
5	Wow...  Found this little gem on yelp. Fresh ingredients and a great price for a spectacular breakfast...
4	Delicious!! Both savory and sweet crepes were tasty. We also loved watching them being made! Staff was super friendly too. Will go again!
4	A must go to for any meal. First off the decor is super trendy and my favorite color...purple! A great place for a date night. My friend and I stopped here after dinner and ordered desert crepes. I had the classic crepe with added strawberries (heaven) and she had the William tell (awesome). I can't say enough about how melt in your mouth these both were. Be aware, they are super sweet and worth sharing. However I found myself finishing off mine and then eating my friends too. The warm, tart apples were perfection paired with the caramel drizzle and my nutella was melted perfectly inside the yummy crepe and strawberries. Complimentary water and or cucumber water is served to wash it all down but next time I'll definitely try the mimosas or one of the many sodas. There is a great selection of dinner crepes too that I'm dying to try!
5	Here is a little secret about this place that everyone needs to know.  Gluten is what would make one avoid a place like this, but guess what?  They have a Gluten Free mixture so no one has an excuse for not trying this place.  Gluten lovers and Gluten Free needs can be met so since this is one of my favorite places for anytime of day, I hope to cross paths with all who read this.  You will not be disappointed, as I or anyone who has been here has been.  From the service to the drink to the overall family atmosphere, this is a place for all to enjoy including k9 lovers.
5	One of the best creperies I've ever been to.Went straight for the sweet crepes as I always do, brother also went for the sweet crepes. I can't remember the exact name of the dishes we got, but his was filled with mixed berries and mine was filled with apples with a bit of ice cream on top.Oh man... Fantastic. Nothing short of fantastic either I mean it was just that damn good. I've ate the best crepes Los Angeles has to offer and let me tell ya, this is right up there on par. I don't think I could go back to Vegas and not visit this place at least once from now on. The options were just huge, and I love having extra options other then the typical strawberry, banana, and nutella or chocolate sauce.Very friendly people here as well. Found out this place only recently opened as well, and hell all the reviews don't lie, this place is just that good. If you're in Vegas, treat yourself to the best crepes you'll have in a long time.
5	Love love love love love this place!! Today was my first visit and I am so glad I listened to my friend and opted for breakfast here. This little gem is located inside of the big plaza next to BJs on Eastern and very close to my house. Initially I thought they only featured sweet/fruit crepes but was pleasantly surprised to discover a crepe menu with endless options sweet and non sweet!  We opted for the La Jolla with the Mimosa trio sample of Passion Fruit, Mango and Lychee.....Superb on all counts! The staff is friendly, decor and color scheme very much to my liking, and as I already stated, the food is DELICIOUS. I will be returning ...very soon ;)
5	I'm in love with this place!  My mom and I ended up going here on a Sunday morning.  We each had the Rosarito Breakfast Crepe with coffee.  Loved every bite of it!  I told my friend Chastine V. how awesome it was so we met for brunch....I had the Pirate with the mimosa trio (orange, white peach and passion fruit).  Once again, loved every bite and sip of this meal!  Finally, my husband agreed to go because I wouldn't stop raving about it!  He had the Sonora...awesome!  And I tried the Greek...very delicious.  Needless to say, I'm a huge fan of this place and have every intention of coming back...soon!  And I'm going to bring my dogs!
5	"It's legal to take a crepe in public" This little hole in the wall was everything I hoped it would be. They got me excited before I even walked in the door with their bowl of doggy treats and water on the patio. Their menu is full of so many options that I'm sure everyone will find something they like. The place is designed beautifully from the purple walls to the TV screen hanging up so you can watch your crepe being made. Specialty sodas beers and mimosas are on the menu as well as sweet and savory crepes. The food was absolutely amazing, melt in your mouth. I had the Monterrey which was just the right amount of bacon and spicy goodness all mixed in. 2nd best part of my visit here was the customer service. Polite, friendly and everything you would expect at any establishment. Our crepe cooker even came to the table to ask how it was. Of course my mouth was stuffed so all she got was a big head shake of approval but I really wish I could have hugged the woman. Definitely give this place a shot if you are looking for a light meal that will most definitely fill you up.
5	oh.my.heavens. i am so thankful for friends like Megan M. who introduce me to these wonderful places. i have had brunch here twice and both times were amazing, i am a huge fan of savory crepes over sweet ones and this place has the best ones i have had on the west coast. from the breakfast to lunch/dinner ones you cannot go wrong. I sampled the mimosa trio (10 dollars) and even that was lovely and refreshing. all the flavors were wonderful and something i would go back for.so far I have had the caprese and had to stop myself from going into a food coma. the tomatoes tasted extra fresh and the amount of pesto was perfect so it didn't take away the flavor or the tomatoes or the fresh mozzarella. it also came with a side of watermelon. yums! the rosarito was another one i had tried and holy goodness. chorizo and guacamole and scrambled eggs and cheese! be still my little foodie heart. both were under 8 dollars and again something i would make a special trip for.the service is delightful and you can even watch them make your crepes. they have seating inside and out. also very dog friendly with baskets of treats and buckets of water for those little tail waggers.i'm addicted!
4	So, I'm biased because I already know I love crepes.  That is more than I can say for the boy who, after being served, asked why there was a pancake on his food.  I love the modernly styled atmosphere, and the novelty of the "crepe cam" (it is exactly as it sounds, camera feeding to a TV so you can watch your crepes being made).  And, as everyone said, the staff were incredibly friendly, that will keep me coming back.Crepe Expectations does a great job with having a diverse menu of savory and sweet "dishes".  Additionally, they have fantastic prices on beer for a boutique cafe!  Most of the standard beers were only $3, and they have a pretty extensive wine and specialty drinks menu for a creperie.  They also offer the treat of all-you-can-drink serve-yourself water infused with lemon or cucumber.  Yum.  If you want "plain water" I think you might have to request that specially.  Bother the flavors were subtle enough I think even finicky folks can handle it.Warning: one crepe per person is sufficient.  I expected street food style where we may want a couple each.  Bad move.   We discovered that three crepes for two people was far too much food.  I tried the Sunday Morning - which was just what I was hoping for on a Sunday morning, egg, seasoned potatoes, and cheese wrapped in a crepe.  It was a yummy savory breakfast, but honestly, with such a hearty filling, the crepe itself kind of fades into the background.  That said, I much prefer it to a standard omelet, primarily for the side bites of mostly crepe.  I do love eggy crepes...  I also tried The Avalon - pears, goat cheese, walnuts, and honey.  The flavors of pear, goat cheese, and walnut were rich and delicious.  However, the honey was a bit overwhelmingly sweet.  I guess eating three bites instead of 30 at a time is better for me anyway.  More for later!Summary: great variety of food, friendly staff, ample creativity in dishes, good prices, I just wish the crepe to food ratio was a little higher.  That's not enough of a deterrent to keep me away, though.
4	Once again a big thanks to my fellow Yelpers for steering me to a great spot for something different.I went to Crepe Expectations today for breakfast.  I looked at the breakfast crepe and decided on the Rosarito although I was tempted to ditch a breakfast crepe and go with sweet.  But, I was good and stayed with the breakfast one.  The Rosarito is filled with chorizo--nicely seasoned with a small kick from the spices, scrambled egg, guacamole, and jack cheese.  With it, I had a very large, tasty cup of coffee.While waiting for the server to bring your crepe, you can watch them make it on the large flat panel above the cooking stations.  There are three crepe making griddles and the two to the left are shown on the flat panel.My experience with the good food and with the friendly, helpful staff will assure I'll be back for a dessert crepe.There are outdoor tables with umbrellas for eating out.  This morning was cool enough it would have been good.  However, I saw the dog water dispenser and dog treats and I opted to stay in.  I am not dog friendly when I'm eating--inside or out.
4	Crepe Expectations is a stylish little corporate European style cafe serving up a wide variety of crepes.  Now I'm not the biggest crepe fan in the world (usually a little too sweet for me), but this place has plenty of tasty options, with a wide variety of coffees, beers, and wines.  It's a solid place for a coffee date with some inventive food options.  The decor is stylish stone and slightly darkened.  I was there for breakfast, but it seemed like a decent, slightly quirky choice for a first date.The crepes themselves are light and airy pancakes made mostly from eggs.  They're a classic option in French and Swiss breakfasts, but Crepe Expectations has taken the classic crepe and fused in a colorful variety of filling options.  While I was there, I started off with the Sonora.  We're in the SW and I wanted to know what the French crepe filled with filled with flank steak, fresh avocado and cheese would taste like.  The steak was properly cooked and still tender but I'm not sure if the Sonora is a great dish overall.  The steak is heavy and I appreciate a filling meal, but the crepe made the dish feel more like a wet burrito.  I loved the contents, just wasn't won over by the combination of crepe and burrito filling.I also had the Avalon--a crepe filled with goat cheese, honeyed pear and walnuts.  Dear god that is sweet.  A little too sweet.  I loved the consistency of the walnuts and the softened pears, but the honeyed pear completely overwhelmed the tartness in the goat cheese.  That said, I want to love this crepe.  Even sitting here, I want to reach back into the past and dial back the honey on the crepe.  When I took matters into my own hands, controlled what was on my fork, and made sure there was plenty of goat cheese, it was a really wonderful flavor combination.  The coffee was well-roasted and rich.  And they had nice little touches, like offering cucumber water and lemon water with the meal.  The beer and wine menu had some nice small brewery/small winery options and I'm a big fan of this place.  All in all, Crepe Expectations has earned a firm spot in my brunch rotation.Based on the food, this place gets a solid 3.5 stars.  Inventive menu--that's pretty close to delicious even if the flavors were a little too sweet for me or a little off in my opinion.  The food was still prepared expertly and I do like imagination in a menu.  I threw in the extra .5 star because the staff is very welcoming and helpful.  And the people we met there on Sunday morning were very nice.  Good atmosphere and good people takes Crepe Expectations up to 4 stars.
5	Two things:1) It is SO difficult to find a crepe place that isn't on the strip.2) If you do find one, it's more dessert crepes.This place does it all.  We went for brunch and had DELICIOUS crepes. I had the La Jolla crepe (bacon, lettuce, tomato, guac, and chipotle mayo) and it was UH-Mazing.  I was also stoked that I could order a mimosa! I had one with pineapple juice instead of orange. They serve all different juice blends as well! Even their water is yummy- infused with lemon and cucumber.  Refreshing!So the other thing that was great was the service.  They are all so friendly and easygoing.  I'm pretty sure it was one of the owners that waited on us. Nice to see a place that cares about their guests. Now I MUST go back because I see that they have "perfected" their gluten-free batter!  Can't wait!!!
5	I am a crepe fan!! And I am happy to say I have found a new breakfast favorite...you had me at cucumber water and passion fruit mimosa...but the crepes were fantastic! I even broke my rule and ate some of my BF's crepe that had chorizo and it was sublime!! If you have a vegetarian option for that crepe, I will officially camp outside your door until you open every morning!!  Thank you for the fantastic service and the amazing food! We will be back soon to try out more stuff on your menu!
5	Thank you to my fellow Yelpers for recommending this fabulous eatery.  I wanted to try the Griddle, but upon checking out their Yelp review, I decided to switch to Crepe Expectations.My significant other and I stopped in on Saturday for a late breakfast.  The decor was modern-which I enjoyed.  They have two projection screen tv's.  Perfect for my guy since the football game was on. (He didn't miss any action)  They also had the crepe cam where you can watch them make your food.I ordered the Rosarito which had chorizo, avocado, cheese and egg.  It was delicious! I my opinion, the crepe's thickness was perfect. There was so much food stuffed into it, and it didn't break.  The watermelon on the side was a nice fresh touch to my plate.  I also had the pomegranate mimosa which was TO DIE FOR!  I very much appreciate they use the good champagne and not the cheap one.  He ordered the crepe with egg, cheese and bacon.  It wasn't as stuffed as mine, but he swore it filled him up (which is hard to do, he eats a ton!).  Lastly, the service was impeccable.  The lady who took our order came by later and asked how our food was.  This experience was so delightful, I took my girlfriend to eat there the next day.This time I had the Very Berry Crepe.  It was smaller than I expected.  The fruit in the crepe was fresh and not canned, which I liked, but they were rather watery.  This crepe left me still hungry once I finished.Overall, I would definitely eat here again but most likely order the breakfast crepes unless I was just looking for a desert.
4	lovely decor and lovely ambience! i thought it was super cool that they have cameras in the prep area so you can actually watch them prepare your crepes on the TV. I had the goat cheese and crepe and the bf had the sonora. i enjoyed mine but i ended up eating his crepe since i realized i was more in the mood for savory than sweet. Also had the pomegranate and lychee mimosas which were oh so divine! would come back here w. the girls =]
5	Forget the Strip when you're in the mood for crepes!  These folks have it down to a science (and art)!  Plus, they're extremely friendly, accomodating, and gracious.Crepe Expectation's crepes are large and packed with only FRESH ingredients.  They're all made to order right before your very eyes and adjustments to ingredients are well received.  Ana has this graceful technique when she makes your crepes.  I was so mesmerized on her skill, that I actually thought I could spread crepe batter at home as perfectly as her (yeah right, lol).  Speaking of they're batter, it contains no extra salt or sugar, so it's perfect for entree or dessert crepes.  Menu-wise, they have crepes for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert!DINNER:I can't believe it's taken me so long to write a review for this restaurant!  It's been so long that I can only remember that I had a breakfast crepe filled with scrambled egg, cheese, and breakfast meats.  So delish,  filling, and comforting!  The hubby had The Sonora which was carne asada, cheese, roasted tomato salsa, and guacamole.  He loved it so much he came back the next day for lunch with three coworkers.DESSERT:We were soooo full by the end of our dinner that I almost had to unbutton my jeans.  Somehow, we made room for desserts.  Yes, desserts with an "s" on the end; not a shared dessert; two individual dessertS!!!  I got the Perfect Combination with a heaping full of fresh strawberries, fresh whipped cream, chocolate drizzle, and powdered sugar.  Hubby got the William Tell which was sauteed apples, caramel, fresh whipped cream, and powdered sugar.  WOW!The restaurant itself is located in a large strip mall next to the indoor exotic car dealership.  It's small inside but, every space is well utilized.  That being said, the building does face the west, so during the evenings the sun is blaring in, making the restaurant on the warm side.  The color inside is mainly black and purple (eggplant'ish), accented with marble, stone, and glass, very classy and contemporary in my opinion.  Somehow, they managed to fit in a small coffee station where sugar, honey, creamer, tap water, and cucumber water (complementary) are available.  Speaking of coffee, they are also a full service "coffee house", serving (Illy's I think???) cappuccino, espresso, latte, coffee, and hot teas.  Feeling a little tipsy?  They also have beer and wine!  All other beverages are bottled, including sodas, juices, and waters. Last but not least, Crepe Expectations does have a few outside tables and welcomes canine patrons with an outside bin of complementary doggy biscuits.Have a Crepe Day!
5	It's very simple - crepes are an art form, and these guys are consummate artists....Whether for breakfast, lunch of dinner you can't go wrong here. Not only great staff and great food, but you get to leave sticky finger prints on the window of the exotic car dealership next door - Ferraris and crepes - is this what heaven looks like??John.
4	Its a really nice small shop with great atmosphere. Everyone works here is really friendly and polite especially the owner. I love their fresh squeezed mixed berry lemonade, caprese crepe, and mimosa trio champagne sampler (added with fresh fruit purees) I would say its a great place for Sunday brunch.
5	I'm not a fan of Crepes, but seeing the reviews on here, I just had to stop in and try it...I'm SO glad I did!!  I am a crepe convert!!  I had the Rosarito for breakfast which was simply amazing and I couldn't pass up the Bananas Foster...to die for!! We will be regulars here!!
5	this place is AWESOME if you like crepes! they have so much variety for amazing prices. great customer service and beautifully decorated. oh! also a wide variety of drinks. during summertime, they usually giveyou a side of fruit and during winter right now, they are serving soup (fideo soup which is super yummy). plus many different menu items, sweet crepes, crepes that would usually be in a sandwich, and breakfast crepes. my favs are the rosarito and the grand turk. no matter what you order, you can never go wrong! no other crepe place can beat this one!!! enjoy!
5	One word for you: YUMMY !!!! Exceeded my expectations indeed. I went here for three days in a row during my Vegas trip and can't wait to come back!
5	I love that there are small intimate personal restaurants that are sprouting all over the city of Henderson. And that they serve and prepare wonderful food to boot -! bazinga!!!Price is reasonable. Portions are generous. Taste is excellent. I love the vinaigrette dressing on their salads.The breakfast and lunch crepes have healthy ingredients incorporating meditterenean flavors. And of course the desserts - well - what's not to like??
5	I have not found a crepe place in Las Vegas that even warrants a good review until now. The crepes at this place were delicious. I went with a group of wonderful people so I was able to try a little of everything. I ordered the Avalon which had buttered pears, goat cheese, walnuts, and honey. It was absolutely delicious. It was sweet but not too sweet if you are in the mood for dessert. I had the flight of mimosas which was also delicious. My favorite mimosa is the one with passionfruit even though it is a little sweet. The cashier we spoke with was very friendly, happy, and I really enjoyed our experience at this place.
5	Service was excellent. Owner even stopped by to check on our table. Food was amazing. This is our new breakfast spot.
5	Crepes! What's not to love!!A wonderful crepe batter envelopes all sorts of fillings from breakfast to the savory to the sweet!I love The Sonora.My dad opts for The Monterey -- hold the monterey (he doesn't eat cheese).My mom's goto is the Marco Polo.And my sister is a complete fiend for the Ana Bananas Foster. Seriously! She won't share!Of course we always try to try different crepes (Also recommend The Caprese or The Avalon! Yum!), but we've come to the conclusion that you really can't go wrong here.AND! They have a cute little station for the Sunday morning doggies who want to grab a bite too! Haven't brought my pup yet cause I'm not sure if she can behave herself around the crepes!Larry and Ana are extremely gracious hosts who do everything they can to ensure your experience at Crepe Expectations exceeds your great expectations. (And they recognized me as a guest when we ran into each other at a supermarket! That's hospitality!)
5	OMG.  There really aren't enough "OMG"s to go around to describe this place, but OMG!!!!!!!!!!  Me and my girlfriends came to Vegas 2 weeks ago to celebrate a birthday.  One of my friends, ever the planner, found out about this place via Yelp and her eyes popped out of her socket when she saw the Mimosa Trio Sampler on the menu.  'Nuff said.  We were definitely going to visit when we got to Vegas.  Oh, they have crepes, too?  That's cool.  So we touch down in Vegas at the abysmal hour of 10:00am (!) and proceed to Crepe Expectations.  There was a total of 4 of us so we decided to get 2 breakfast crepes, 2 sweet crepes, and then we would just split them all.  The 2 breakfast crepes that we ordered were the Monterey Crepe and the Rosarito Crepe.  I can't...I just can't.  I'm getting a headache now just thinking about HOW GOOD that ish was.  Really?  Really?!  The cheese was gooey and everything was so flavorful.  My friends were debating which crepe was better of the two.  At that point I'm like, "Who gives a f@ck?!"  They were both blowing my mind!  Cut to the 2 sweet crepes: Bananas Foster and Perfect Combination.  The Bananas Foster ruled HANDS DOWN!  God I wanted to lick that plate.  But on to better things:  THE MIMOSA TRIO SAMPLER!!!  We EACH got a sampler, so yes, 12 mimosas were on our table.  I ordered the orange (yes I stay true to the original, thank you very much), white peach and passion fruit.  When you order the passion fruit they provide a little spoon for you to mix the drink with.  There are also several other flavors to choose from as well.  I thought that the white peach and passion fruit were too sweet, but the orange?  JUST RIGHT.  And DON'T call me boring because the orange was my favorite.  I just appreciate the classics, that's all.  They're in pretty small glasses, so....yes, I ordered another sampler.  What?  Don't judge.  But when I ordered the second sampler, Mike, who I believe is the owner and totally AWESOME in every way, gave me the rest of the champagne that was left and told me to go to town.  And go to town we did.  When we were done licking our plates and boozing it up, Mike proceeded to bring us free bowls of soup!  What the hell?!  Mike, we love you!!!!  So we stumbled out of Crepe Expectations at 12 noon (yes, we had been there that long) with our bellies full and our sobriety greatly compromised.  Three cheers and 5 stars all around for Crepe Expectations!!
5	The best crepes on the west coast! Try the mimosa tri and the Ana's foster!! Delicious!
5	Everything was wonderful. Prices were vey reasonable.  They had A LOT of variety and portions were a good size. You won't be disappointed.  Get a seat when you come in because it's busy.  Definitely will come again.
5	Excellent food, service, and they are flexible with substitutions. Just a great little find.
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said?  Simply awesome!
3	I tried this place twice and both times I haven't been impressed. Maybe I am just ordering the wrong thing, but it just didn't do it for me. The first time I ordered the Caprese with chicken. The chicken was just dry and hard to eat and my husband ended up commenting that the pesto looked like something disgusting. The flavors just didn't do it for me, but I decided to come back a second time for a sweet crepe. I ordered the Berry Delight asking for whipped cream on the side. I had ordered this to go and they told me it would be ready in 5 minutes. I ended up waiting about 20 minutes to get my crepe. I finally was able to dig into my crepe and I didn't care for crepe itself. The fruit was good, but I was not impressed yet again.  The crepes are definitely big enough to feed one person though.This place is super cute inside, but I probably won't be rushing back anytime soon.
1	I went to this place a couple times and took some new friends there today. However the service was unacceptable and we were asked to leave BEFORE we finish our food. The owner(older male) stated that he need to turn the table, but we could not withstand this type of treatment being there for merely 15 mins. This is quite upsetting as I thought the food was great. However, i do not recommend this place as the food just can't offset by the type of degrading treatment.   I will never go back.
5	Awesome service! Cute little spot with great fresh ingredients. Best crepes I've had in town!
4	The Skinny: solid crepes, drinks are very good (4) service: it's counter service but the bevie bar is the best! (4) value: even though the tea is really pricey ($4 for a teabag in a pot, yikes!), they've got endless refills of illy coffee for around $3 and $10 for a trio of mimosas. That's value (4).I brought my out of town friends here for a little Sunday morning breakfast. As we first walked in, they loved the hip colour scheme and the comfortable seating area. Add in the video screen to watch your crepe being made, we were really feeling the love.The owners strategically placed large containers of flavoured (lemon and cucumber) iced water, self-serve coffee, and condiments on a cute little bevie counter. I loved this feature - so much more convenient for customers to be able to help themselves. The only thing I would like to see added is a canister for refilling hot water for teapots.I also enjoyed the fact that the menu is varied and offers not only sweet but savory crepes for those who aren't really into sweets. They also offer gluten free crepes as well. Prices range from $5.50 (simple sugar crepe) to $9 (crepes with steak or shrimp in it) with the majority of their specialty crepes falling around the $7 mark. Trust me, for the quality and the ambience, it's definitely worth it.We each got a Monkey crepe - you know - the standard nutella/banana combination. I have to say, it's one of the better crepes I've had in a while. It had a nice texture with it's lovely brown crispiness on the outside which pared well with its molten chocolate hazelnut filling. Truer to the French styled creperie (a little more butter content, a little thinner and less spongy) than other places (lots of Asian creperies around), it's a really solid rendition of a culinary classic.I was a little taken aback by the prices for tea. $4 for a teabag in a pot seemed a little steep for my tastes although the Earl Grey was nicely mellow with lovely floral hints when I tried it.Too bad I don't like coffee because the real steal here is the self-serve bottomless cup of illy coffee for less than $3. Yep! it's like the best deal in town for a quality cup of joe. My friend  was amazed at how good it was ("it's so smooth!")and had at least 3 giant cups ("can I get another cup? We're not in a rush, are we?") before she left. Beat that Starbucks!Given my excellent experience here, I'll be sure to drag the hubs back here to try their savory crepes and mimosas.
5	The food and service are still outstanding, but now that it's getting so popular, it's starting to get crowded fast. They may have to get a new site or expand to the next suite... I tried a new savory crepe made with chicken sausage. I substituted goat cheese (can't eat the cow dairy) and it was divine!Just a bit of friendly advice: if it's getting crowded you have finished your food (if you need MORE coffee, get a togo cup... jus' sayin'), please be kind and courteous and give up your table. Lingering or "camping" is a bit unseemly (if not rude), and if you have lost track of time from wonderful conversation, don't be surprised if you're kindly asked to give up the table.It's a European style of cafe. If you have room, invite a small party to share your table like one kind woman did when I brought my daughter there to eat.
1	So tried this place a couple of times and was disappointed. The crepes are okay and the sides are pretty bad. The soup as a side is not worth truing and the side salad wasn't the best. The place is pretty small and limited in seating. Each time that i go there is aleays someone looking over you while you eat waiting for the table....
4	Nice selection and they have a video feed of them making your crepes. Food was nice, especially for breakfast. Seating is limited.
5	I went there three times in my one week stay to Vegas this February. The food was great, the service was wonderful (great conversation) and the atmosphere was fun and inviting. My favorite was The Avalon. Mmmm... more goat cheese please. ((Don't miss the Berry Lemonade))Keep it up! When I come back through, expect me again. ((If you're in any doubt, check it out))
5	I love this place! The Monkey is my favorite "sweet" dish. Who wouldn't want nutella, chocolate, and bananas wrapped together with fluffy dough shaped with love?! This place has a great "neighborhood coffee shop" feel. This has definitely been a great addition to the community and I urge everyone to try it atleast once!
5	Today I tried this place for the first time and it was phenomenal. I had the Caprese crepe and it was seriously one of the best things I have ever had. I have had a handful of crepes before and never really liked them, however I will end up having dreams over these crepes. I think I am going to introduce my husband to this place tomorrow.
1	The foods not bad but they definitely don't want you to come and socialize while u eat! They want their customers to just shut up and eat or order to-go! Once u hit the 30 minute mark from minute u walk in the door, they are ready to pounce on you and kick you out! Therefore the environment makes u feel quite unwelcome!
4	They do put the YUM in crepes!So looking forward to going back and trying something new!Sweet or savory, they have the crepe for you! If you like a little kick, try the Monterey.. bacon, egg that's nice and spicy.. with a side of sliced bananas, its the perfect compliment. Another one of my favorites is the Greek.. chicken, feta cheese, spinach and more YUM. , My daughter loves the William Tell..apples & caramel!It's nice that they have water flavored with lemon or cucumber. They also have an endless $3 cup of coffee.. I made the mistake of ordering tea, which is served in a small teapot, but at $4, its a bit pricey...  A venti tea at the corner coffee stop cost less and you get more.. Can't wait to go back for more crepes.. next time I'll stick to water...
4	Nice purple decor.  Very cool place and we were lucky to get a table on such a nice day.  Ordered Bananas Foster crepe and the Frisco (blueberry and lemon).  Light and deliciously sweet. Crepes look great, coffee was fine, mixed berry lemonade was great.  Second order - Perfect Combination (chocolate and strawberry) and a Little Italy (pepperoni and mozzarella).  Little Italy came with soup, but I didn't pay it much attention.  Second set of crepes were delicious as well.  Extra points for customer service. The ladies at "crepe bar" noticed me commenting on how awesome the crepes looked as they cooked it and humored me. Guy at front also offered a lemonade refill to go.
5	crepes were sooooo good and yummy....my only problem s the place is sooooo small and they get pretty busy
5	They are the best.  I was skeptical at first (almost 10 miles off the strip)  It took a long time to get our order, they were all very busy in that little place.  I had a pirate, my wife had the Monterey ( someone said those take a long time to make).  Both crepes were out of this world with flavor.  My side salad came with a cumin, garlic, olive oil and lemon dressing that was great!  We go to lots of crepe places, this one is something very special.  The guy about my age there is very friendly, although he is very busy, he takes the time to explain your order and give you options.  I would hit this place up once per week if I lived in Vegas.
5	I made my husband drive me for miles just to get here. I was not disappointed. He had the crepe that tasted like pizza. It was good. I had the Caprese and the monkey.
4	I went two days in a row for a delish breakfast under $10.two qualms. The soup was a lil salty and seemed like it came out of a can.The Rosarito (?) which was chorizo, scrambled egg, jack cheese and avocado was too heavy on the chorizo for me and it was hard to even see that there was any egg in it. Now The Caprese which was tomato's, mozzarella, pesto, and I added grilled chicken was AMAZING. Everything tasted nice and fresh and ti was sooo damn good. nom nom.The Berry Delight was fine. I wasn't so wow'd. The staff was ace, Larry was so friendly and funny. I guess my experience was a bit hit or miss when it came to the crepe's but stuff is fresh and loads of choice, worth the lil drive and easy to find  :D.And loved the decor!
5	I went to Crepe Expectations for brunch and really enjoyed it. My husband and I wanted a breakfast crepe, sweet crepe and mimosas to start off our afternoon. We had a great experience. The  restaurant is beautifully decorated, the service was great, and the crepes were wonderful.  I started off with the mimosa trio. It is comprised of three small glasses of any kinds you choose. I had the orange, blood orange, and passion fruit. The passion fruit was definitely my favorite.  My husband had a glass of the white peach mimosa which was also very tasty. We ordered the "Sunday Morning" breakfast crepe and added mushrooms to it.  It was a good size and delicious.  For our savory crepe, we had "The Avalon," which was filled with pears, goat cheese, candied walnuts and honey.  It was also delicious. Our experience at Crepe Expectations was great.  It is a great place to have a nice, relaxing breakfast, brunch or lunch.  It is also a plus that they serve wine, beer and mimosas, which makes it perfect for brunch!  The prices are very reasonable and the quality of the food is great.  The next time we go we are going to try a savory crepe and another sweet crepe. I can't wait!
5	We absolutely LOVE this place!  The owners seem to be such nice people, the service is remarkable and the food, the food is OH, SO GOOD! We've probably tasted half of the menu by now and have not met even one that we don't like. I also highly suggest the mimosa trio : )
4	A perfect brunch[noun] A meal with a delicious and wholesome breakfast crepe and a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. Crepe Expectation is definitely worth a try if you are sick of Las Vega's crazily large-portioned breakfast buffet. I had the Monterey Crepe - filled with goodness of bacon, egg, red onion, mild serrano pepper and cheese.The serving was generous, the flavor was good, however the crepe was a bit on the soft side (probably because of the melted cheese).I can see Crepe Expectation being a great hang-out spot after a late night of drinking. The place is a bit on the dark side because of the extremely tinted door and dark-color decors. It does not send out that vibrant and energetic vibes that you would like to have in the early morning.
4	Love this place. Food is great and the new Clucker is great, especially with goat cheese sub'd in. Unfortunately, they changed the coffee and it's not as good as before. I'd be willing to even pay a little more for the good stuff....lol Anyway, lower star-rating is for the lower quality coffee. Please bring back the good coffee.Otherwise, I look forward to going back again soon!
5	My husband and I tried this place on a Sunday morning after deciding we should probably eat something before going to the farmer's market. Given the decor I was a little skeptical the place would be pretty expensive but the person behind the register was so welcoming and friendly I would have felt guilty walking out. Good thing we stayed, upon closer inspection the prices were quite reasonable.My husband orderd the greek crepe which came with either his choice of soup or salad and I ordered the special which was bbq pulled pork with with a side of apple and blue cheese coleslaw. I have lived in Texas and I do love me some slow cooked meat but I am not a fan of bbq sauce. No problem they were more than happy to put it on the side. My husband's crepe was huge, the veggies inside were very fresh and maintained a bit of their crispness. He loved it and said it filled him up, which believe me is no easy feat. My crepe was delicious also, the pulled pork truly did rival what you would find at a good bbq in Texas. The slaw which had intrigued me enough to order the dish did not disappoint. I could have eaten a plate of that by itself.One of the best things was the free flavored waters they had. Cucumber or lemon. I don't know if they change out the flavorings but I love flavored water and the fact that it was free made the place even more affordable. The place was small and had televisions on Food Network with the sound either very low or off. It was very busy but at no time was it so loud that I had trouble having a conversation with my husband.
5	From the moment we walked into Crepe Expectations, I began composing a raving review in my head for yelp. As you enter, you are greeted by chalkboards announcing beverages of all kinds - both alcoholic and non-alcoholic, from the usual to the unique. For example, if you're  a cream soda or root beer fan, don't miss ZeiberFizz, a combination of creamy soda and mild root beer flavor. Chimay for cheaper than they sell it at the bars in my hometown was quite attractive as well. As a mimosa fan, I should also note they have five flavors of mimosas, and for the indecisive, a mimosa trio sampler for $10.Of course, you don't come here for the beverages, you come here for the crepes. Ahhh the crepes. Divided into an organization freak's dream, with categories for sweet, savory, or breakfast. Being that we were going out for the first meal of our day, we tried the Crepelet, the Sunday Morning, and the Berry Bliss. As strawberries aren't currently in season, I didn't mind that the strawberries were average, because everything else was absolutely amazing. You can watch the crepes being made on closed circuit television just above the ordering station. Everyone who knows crepes knows that if you can't see the pan through the dough, the crepe is too thick. The good news here is that the lady making the crepes has it down to a science, and fans the rake as if she is working on a piece of art. Crepes are, of course, art to the food world, and Crepe Expectations is equivalent to the Met in my foodie mind's eye. This experience was the first for my husband, who had never had crepes before. Halfway through the meal, he declared that we need to make these at home, so I see a visit to Williams-Sonoma in our future. It is bittersweet that we live thousands of miles away from this little gem, which is good for my waistline but disappointing that I can't partake every Sunday!
5	LOVE this place! Their crepes are delicious and the service is the best. Everyone is so nice and they are pretty fast. It's the cutest little place and even offers outdoor seating. My favorite savory crepe is the Little Italy and my favorite sweet crepe is the Ana Bananas Foster crepe. I also love that they have complimentary cucumber water as well as lemon water. They also have a great mimosa sampler. This little gem better not go anywhere!
5	Crepe Expectations serves up a delicious choice of sweet, savory or traditional breakfast (ie. eggs, bacon, etc.) crepes + beer, wine, & champagne or mimosas.  I'm a total sucker for breakfast & bubbles!  All of the crepes are priced from $5.50-10.  Upon entry you immediately notice the intimate environment.  There are not a lot of tables and they fill quickly.  Don't worry though, they make sure every guest gets a table, no work required on your part.Their crepes are packed full of top quality ingredients, actually bursting might be a better way to say it,  Normally when I think of crepes, I think of something much smaller.  These are more like the size of a burrito.  Being the unapologetic carnivore that I am, I ordered the Sonora, which comes packed with carne asada steak, roasted tomato salsa, guac, & jack cheese that came with a cup of fideo soup.  The steak was tender & flavorful, and most importantly NOT overcooked with a generous portion equally distributed throughout.  Boyfriend opted for the Ana Bananas Foster, which is just like it sounds with powdered sugar on top and whip cream on the side.We visited on a Sunday morning, and it was totally hopping.  Despite the rush they sat us down immediately, and served up our bottle of champagne pretty quickly.  Due to the high demand and only 2 crepe chefs, it took a little while to get our order.  But we were happy chillaxing with our champagne together.  Plus the have live crepe cameras, so you can watch them cooking up the yum.  This really gave me an appreciation for the fact that they're cooking each order totally fresh and just for you.Super bonus points for self serve fresh cucumber and lemon waters.  So simple, yet refreshing and luxurious.  They also offer some custom sodas for order.  Boyfriend is originally from RI, so he got really excited to see Birch Beer on the menu.   I will be back very soon, and when I return I'm dying to try one of these: the Greek, Del Mar, or the Avalon.  I really don't think you can go wrong because we could hear that everyone in the surrounding tables were ecstatic over their dishes.  The girl next to us was a enthusiastic regular, and mentioned that they will do ingredient substitutions or add-ons.
5	Oddly enough, I didn't expect much from this place. When I got there, I was soooo impressed. The crepe with the blueberries and lemon curd is heavenly. The breakfast one with pepper jack cheese and potatoes is also amazing. The first crepe was unforgettable. I wouldn't mind eating that same crepe everyday for the rest of my life. The berry lemonade only adds to the deliciousness. The little camera above the crepe station is a nice touch. It's funny how I come to this plaza all the time and never noticed this place. I only found it when I Yelped breakfast places. Totally worth it and I hope to eat here so often that I have lemon curd coming of my ears.
5	Food is amazing try the grand turk and the greek crepes.  Mike is the greatest and the owners are so sweet.  You have to eat here if your in Henderson.
5	Charming little place with character and fun ambiance. Can sit outside which can be nice since they are only open till 3 pm. Staff was friendly. You can watch the crepes being made. I had strawberry, blue and raspberry crepe. Fresh berry lemonade. Very reasonable prices. Look forward to coming again.
4	Great place for brunch, every one there is very friendly and the food is great and very reasonably priced. Whether you are looking for lunch or dessert crepes, every thing there is delicious and they have huge portion sizes. Also try their lemonade of the day and fresh juices, they are very refreshing and you get free refils.  I tried the "clucker" this time, it came with chicken sausage, sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella and scrambled egg, you also get to pick a side of bananas or soup. It was AMAZING! I try to go every weekend to try their different specials. I would definitely recommend it to every one.
4	My husband and I came here this morning. It's a cute little restaurant but I found it rather dark in there. My husband had the carne asada crepe (can't remember the exact name) with guacamole, tomato sauce, Monterey jack cheese, and I had the Sunday morning crepe with scrambled eggs, potatoes, and cheese. My husband's crepe was soo delicious! We both loved it! Mine was good too but lacked a bit in flavor. I kinda wished I the one my husband got, lol. He also got the watermelon juice and loved it! I got the mango mimosa which was also delicious but I thought it was going to have juice in it with the champagne. It was more of a champagne with mango flavor. Overall, it was a great little restaurant with a friendly atmosphere. The service was also excellent and the workers were friendly. We will definitely be back again!
3	As a recent Vegas transplant, I am getting used to finding these great little restaurants in strip malls.  Crepe Expectations is surrounded by excellent food however, so something must be rubbing off (see: Republic, Pin Kaow, BJ's)I am always leery of crepe shops because the crepes usually take a long time to prepare and can come out either runny gooey or too thick and firm.  Crepe Expectations makes them just right.  They are fresh and do take a considerable time to come out but are worth the wait.  They have an awesome mix of sweet and savory crepes which helps when attempting to feed a family or a group of friends.The La Jolla was absolutely fantastic.  For dessert we switched it up with just a Nutella and strawberry.  Awesome!
5	After reading all about it on Yelp for months and begging my bf to try it, I finally coaxed him into it. We were not at all disappointed and couldn't believe we've been missing out for all these months. The mimosas are a must! The white peach was my favorite but the blood orange and pomegranate were so delicious. We also decided in getting 3 creeps because we couldn't really pick between them. After much deliberation we got The Sunday Morning,The Greek and, The Banana Foster one. They were all so good we were fighting for the last bites! This place is a must try! Mmmmm.
4	I came here when it first opened and I really love it .You must try the monkey & the nutty classic :) those two are my favorites by far. The people that works there are very pleasant and very sweet.  They always have good recommendations what they think is good and hopefully you will like, too!The decor is very simple and its kind of made for a girl (I would like to think so).  I love the color scheme since its lavender/purple and it has decorations with flowers and butterflies.
5	Wow! This place was delicious! The owner was very passionate about his business and the quality of the food.  I had the BBQ special with coleslaw. I hate coleslaw BUT I was willing to try it and it was DELICIOUS! The pulled pork was cooked to perfection and I liked the fact that it wasn't drowning in BBQ sauce.  I can't wait to go back and try their breakfast. I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	Awesome place to go on a sunday morning..  enjoy a sunday brunch while sipping on FRESHLY squeezed orange juice.. I mean that thing was super fresh! Love it! I had the marco Polo Crepe which consisted of itialian sausage and cheese and other stuff i forgot! haha This place has a great feel to it small place tho but really great servie and great food and qaulity! I would totally go back to this crepe place..  im curious to try their other crepe items.. will let you know how it goes when i go... Fyi heard the mimosas are good a friend of mine suggested it..
4	Fresh ingredients make Crepe Expectations a great place for breakfast and lunch.I got the Monterey because I was in the mood for bacon. The crepe was well prepared and all the ingredients inside the crepe were fresh and distinctive. I also got a lemonade with three kinds of fresh berries juiced and added. It tasted good but the flavor wasn't especially distinctive. The decaf coffee was also good. Service was friendly.I'd definitely like to return and try some of the other crepes.
5	Best crepes on this side of the pond. The fiance is gluten intolerant and their gluten-free crepes are phenomenal. We were staying on the strip and had to take a cab to get here (based on Yelp reviews) on our latest trip to Las Vegas. Worth every penny and will definitely be back. Great service by the owner and his wife and even gave us tips on how to improve our crepe recipes. We had two savory crepes (the Rosarito and the Salmon special) and a sweet (the Avalon). All were fantastic. I swear by crepes with Nutella but the Avalon may have turned me - buttered pears, goat cheese and candied walnuts!The mimosa trio sampler is great and don't leave without trying the white peach mimosa.
5	I'm not a fan of crepes, but the BFF was insistent we wait the 40 minutes and get her Sunday brunch on.  Pleasantly surprised, the place is well decorated, has really friendly staff, and a wide selection of sweets and savories.  She loved her strawberries and chocolate, and I was down with the Sonoran  -- steak cooked perfectly and guac in every bite, something other places might skimp on.  Her son is fantastically picky so he ate the shrimps and left the creme and crepe behind, but devoured three bowls of fideo soup ($1 each, yay!)  Otherwise Henderson pricing, like a can of Diet Coke is $2, and the craft sodas are $3. Luckily there's a lovely pitcher of lemon water on hand, and our meals came out under $15 each.
5	This place is everything you could want. Friendly and engaging atmosphere coupled with delicious crepes make this place a jewel. Definitely went over and beyond my expectations.
5	Deeee-licious!!! I got the nutella-hazelnut-whipped cream one and my bf got the western omlet inside of a crepe! Both were amazing, great flavors, good portions and the little patio outside was perfect for our little brunch! Free refills on coffee too!
4	A welcome surprise so close to home Crepes are deliciously different an add an exceptional twist to breakfast or lunch the variety in the flavors are all unique and very fresh made to order each crepe is quite large and filling. The service is top notch attentive and warm.  Will definetly make tis  regular in the rotation of local hang outs.
5	Delish! Charming! Friendly people...what's not to like?! Go here! You won't be disappointed!
4	Yummy yummy for the tummy.got there when they first opened at 9 am,got very busy by the time we left at 10. Had the blueberry and lemon curd crepe, very fresh berries. Did not have the whipped cream they offered, crepe was sweet enough w/o it. Upbeat  decor, even the bathroom. Can't wait to return to try lunch crepe.
5	One of the unique things about Crepe Expectations is that you can see your crepe being made.  Their crepe griddles are behind a glass panel offering a perfect view.  And they have a camera mounted above the griddles so you can also see them being made on the TV.  Way cool.My family and I ordered 4 different crepes.  It took a little while for us to receive them, but it's understandable seeing how crowded it was.  Each one was delicious.  Especially the Capresse crepe.  The employees are so nice and welcoming.  They really make sure everything is taken care of.  A nice touch: you can choose between cucumber water and lemon water.  They had 12 different mimosas.  I wish I ordered one.
5	WONDERFUL place with consistently excellent, unique crepes and beverages only to be outdone by the impeccable service. (These are not your typical crepes, either). I can't wait for my next visit and wouldn't hesitate to recommend Crepe Expectations to anyone. Thus far, we've tried the Greek, Del Mar, Frisco, Caprese, Ham&Egg w/Swiss, and several others and they have ALL been fantastic! Be sure to try their great mimosas and coffee!
5	Before I begin my review, I would first like to state the most negative part of Crepe Expectations: The fact I live in Orange County, CA and this place is all the way in Henderson, NV.  That is a real bummer to me now that I have tried this place out.My wife and a couple of friends visited Lake Mead over the weekend and didn't want to suffer the consequences of 10 bathroom breaks on the way home by eating the hotel's breakfast buffet.  So what did I do?  I fired up Siri on my iPhone and asked it where I can eat something good for breakfast as we strolled through Henderson.  Crepe Expectations topped the recommended food restaurants with its massive amounts of positive reviews so we said screw it, lets try this place out.Upon driving up, the store looks pretty timid and small - but was quite busy and thriving on the patio so it was pretty inviting.  When you walk through the door it reminds you of a very classy bar type of atmosphere with most of the tables packed with couples and families, and overall just a great atmosphere.When walking up to the counter the owner, Lou, was smiling ear to ear.  This guy was one of the most enthusiastic business owners I have ever met, you could tell he cares about his customers and has a lot of passion for what he does.  He took the time to explain various items on the menu in great detail, and was very well-spoken and articulated every detail of the dish he was explaining.  It was just so refreshing to see someone that stoked about what they do and how they run their business- you don't see that too often around my neck of the woods unfortunately. Anyway, my wife and I ordered the Sunday Morning plates and my friends ordered some other Crepe's that I do not recall.  We also ordered some Mimosa's which they had a huge menu of various flavors.Then the food came out - granted I have never even had a Crepe in my life... AMAZING.  The food was so tasty I can't even describe it.  My dish I had them add Serrano peppers and diced ham - I couldn't believe how great it tasted.  We requested some hot sauce and Lou recommended their house salsa.. best idea ever.  The salsa was so awesome, it was better than most authentic Mexican restaurants salsa!  The food was perfect, the service was prompt and courteous, and the owner himself is there to make sure everything comes out well and to your liking.  I felt like I was in his own dining room and a guest of Lou & his wife's house and left wanting to come back again, but unfortunately that won't be able to happen until our next Lake Mead trip.. next year :(
5	Great food, great service, good value.A local business that deserves its success. Lou, the owner, is super-friendly and will walk you through their entire menu if need be, right down to the drink selections.The main menu is broken up into breakfast crepes, dessert crepes, and dinner crepes, and I've sampled dishes from each section. I haven't been disappointed yet!On my most recent visit, I had the Sonora - a crepe filled with carne asada, guacamole, and jack cheese. It was hearty & delicious, with a nice touch of spice.Highly recommended!
5	This crepes are wonderful and  delicious.   We had The Rosarito,  The Monterey and a side of bacon.   The service was good... Pretty cool thing you can do is  watch them prepare you crepes on a tv screen mounted above the griddle... If time permits I'm sure the wife will be dragging me back here everytime were in town..
4	Great and friendly service! I had their Sunday morning crepe and it was delicious! This busy place needs more room! I will definitely be coming back!
3	Sometimes old faithful just doesn't cut it.Been here 10+ times. It was good/novel the first 4 or 5 but it's getting old pretty fast.The food is ok and the staff is fine, just really kind of a lackluster expierience.
5	We went there because we read that they had gluten-free crepes.   Wow!  They were awesome!  This will be on our must-visit list every time we go to Vegas.  Owner is super-friendly as well.
5	We found this place thanks to my fellow yellers - thank you!!The owner is so cool and really loves what he has created.  He had great recommendations for us and we were all so happy with our meals.  Everything was delicious.  The three of us had our own savory crepe and then split a sweet one for dessert.  We all left there extremely satisfied.Next time I'm in Vegas you can bet I will be at this place.  And I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
4	It's tough for me to give a place five stars. And I won't do it after one visit. Though I will be back to this place soon and decide then if it is deserved. This is a cute little place out in Henderson on Eastern where so many delicious restaurants reside... Went on a Sunday afternoon and this place was full.. luckily just one table left inside for my party of 5. Came just for something sweet.. got the Monkey (nutella, banana, etc) and the blueberry lemon one... forgot what it was called. Both were very different and delicous, though both dessert crepes. Owner and workers were very nice. Clean place. Will be back soon! Love crepes :) Oh did I mention they have a mimosa menu? yup.
5	We had brunch here last weekend and I am smitten! Everything was amazing, including the service. The owner is a real charmer and makes everyone feel welcome. He's happy to make suggestions and he was right on with each one. As a lot of other reviewers have mentioned, we each had a breakfast-type crepe and one desert crepe to split. Heavenly. . .absolute perfection.Oh, it's dog-friendly as well. . .there's a cute little dog watering station outside the front door and tables outdoors.Do yourself a favor and check this place out. We're STILL talking about it and can't wait to go back.
5	...an oasis in the desert.
5	Ok... As you can see, we are diggin the crepe genre.  Found this on Yelp and needless to say, we were not disappointed.  This is a new take on crepe's than we are used to.  You really can't go wrong at this place.  One important note, the staff was very friendly and personal.
5	WOOP WOOP! RAISE THE ROOF! I just found my new favorite Sunday brunch spot. Who knew Crepes weren't just for dessert? The wait was a little long... but it was well worth it. They make the crepes fresh when you order, right in front of you so you're sure it's hot off the griddle. The Monterey is the perfect breaskfast- bacon, scrambled egges, and cheese nicely tucked away into a moist, thin, yummy crepe blanket. That little bundle of joy was having me singing lullabies into the land of food heaven. Mmm Mmm good- no crumb went to waste, that is for sure!My fiance had The Rosarita- chorizo, scrambled eggs, guac, and cheese. Also a fine dish that tasted very much like a breakfast burrito. A little heavy for my taste, but still a winner. I'll definitely be back to try their other Crepe Creations.
5	If you are looking for a place to have a unique and tasty breakfast, look no further! The decor is modern and warm and very, very cozy. Perfect if you are looking for a casual breakfast spot.As far as the food is concerned, you will not be disappointed!  We had the Rosarito and the Sonora and they were both great. Oh, and please try the watermelon mimosa...it is the BEST. Nice portions, quality ingredients, and amazing service catapult this place to the top of my breakfast restaurant list.PS. Although the self serve coffee was not hot enough, it was delicious!
4	This cozy little place serves a large menu with crepes that will satisfy anyones desire.   There is breakfast crepes, veggie crepes, and sweet crepes.  They even have a few savory crepes, so walking in and looking at the menu can be a little overwhelming, unless of course you already know what you want.I wanted to look further, but the place was packed, we were in line, and I had to pick something right away.  The only available place to sit was outside, thus I couldn't continue to study the menu. I picked a sweet crepe, I got the Berry Delight, made with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries, fresh whipped cream, and a light sprinkle of powder sugar.  It was yummy!  The berries were plumb and sweet, the crepe itself was delicious.I would love to take another look at the entire menu and maybe try something other than sweet, I don't think they have a slow time, but I think that's what it's going to take for me to review everything the offer.
4	Delicious & great service!!!! The pineapple mimosa was AWESOME!
5	Great service great food. Finally a crepe that can rival even the French!
4	This was awesome.  I had the William Tell sans powdered sugar and the homemade hot chocolate.  My wife had the Monterrey (subbed ham instead of bacon).  And you can't go wrong with the Mimosa Sampler, especially since there are 13 flavors to choose from.
5	Oh man, the crepe are so good and addicting! When my friend first bought me here, I ended up going there 3 times within 4 days. It is always a pleasure to order and eat there since the employees are super nice. And and the complimentary cucumber water as well as lemon water are just another plus. I usually end up getting a breakfast crepe with a side of banana, can't wait to try every other crepe in there!
5	Picked this on a whim.  Service, food, everything was awesome!  We had one breakfast crepe, one savory.  They do sweet too.  On weekends one employee helps manage seating which keeps the whole thing delightfully civilized.
5	Excellent crepes for breakfast, lunch, or whatever. The owners actually run the place and take great pride to make their guests feel welcome. There is an excellent variety of crepes. We were there for breakfast. I had the scrambled egg, ham, and swiss cheese crepe; my wife had a simple crepe with lemon sugar. Both were very satisfying. The crepe was made perfectly and my egg/ham/cheese was amply filled. I would definitely go back.
5	THIS PLACE IS UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME! Came here for brunch on a Sunday between 12-1. I was not expecting an "order at the counter and then we'll bring it to you" style, but that wasn't much of a problem.There is an employee who kind of patrols the ordering line, asking people how many are in their party and then getting them a table. They don't take your order until you have a table to sit at.  Here lies the problem. There is ONE THING I do not like about this place: it isn't big enough. So, when it's crowded, it can be a bit stressful and an awkward wait because of how small the dining area is. We were initially seated at a small table right in the middle of the ordering line, and I didn't like it at all. I do not like it when people are standing over me while I'm eating or trying to enjoy a nice conversation/drinks/good company. But, when I asked if we could have another table, the employee happily said "No problem, it will just be a few minutes." So, we got a taller bar-stool table on the side. When our table was ready, we ordered. The man taking orders seemed to be either the owner of the head honcho of sorts. He was very friendly and happy to make recommendations. I ordered the Rosarito (chorizo, guacamole, jack cheese, eggs) and my girlfriend ordered the Perfect Combination (strawberries, chocolate, whipped cream, powdered sugar). I also ordered the Mimosa trio sampler. First of all, they have a chalkboard full of various mimosa flavors (mango, blood orange, orange, passion fruit, white peach, strawberry, raspberry, etc.) and you could pick THREE of them for $10. And these "sampler" size cups were not small. I thought they were the same size as any mimosa I'd order at any other brunch place. I chose blood orange, raspberry and passion fruit. The passion fruit and blood orange were my favorite!The food took a bit to come out, which is slightly surprising because it's CREPES, but I didn't mind the wait because the decor is wonderful and I had amazing company and drinks to keep me busy. Once our food came, I was surprised at how huge they were. I couldn't finish mine, but wow it was delicious! I have never had a better crepe in my life. My girlfriend loved hers and she also said it was the best she had ever had. The crepes aren't too thin but aren't too thick or overwhelmingly sweet. I couldn't get over how delicious and perfect everything was cooked. So, EVEN THOUGH I think they were a bit unorganized (they need more space or a better organization of tables inside) and slightly slow with service, I CANNOT give less than 5 stars because of how delicious the food and drinks were (and cheap! $7-8 for a LARGE crepe!). Also, the staff was friendly and attentive. Check this place out, its CREPETASTIC.
5	Awesome place! I have been addicted to crepe lately, and i found this high-rating place on yelp. They did not disappoint me, their crepes are incredibly delicious, and the prices are decent. Now I almost come to here every weekend for brunch. I always get Caprese with grilled chicken, pesto sauce is sooooo good.About mimosa I have tried most of flavors, but my favorite is mango mimosa. White peach and passion fruite are also good choices. If you are not a big fan of sweet crepe, you'd better get savory one. In my personal opinion, their sweet crepes are not as good as savory ones.
5	Awesome place! Sweet or Savory crepes of different variety. The Sonora (carne asada steak, tomato salsa, guacamole, jack cheese) or Marco Polo (italian sausage, eggs, jack cheese) are my faves-- for now ;-) but i'm sure all of them will make my list. Nice atmosphere and great staff...and since this place is so great, it WILL get crowded at times, but they wont take your order until there is a seat for you. I just wished they opened earlier so i can enjoy them sooner! Hahaha
2	Bankers' hours? Is this a joke? The place is open after everyone is at work and closes before most people get off work (except weekends, unless you work weekends, too). So, who is this for? Senior citizens (who should be watching what they eat) and those on welfare (who should be watching  what they buy)? Yes, the crepes are decent, but until they have meaningful business hours, their rating will remain low in my book. After all this is Vegas, where the best fun starts after sunset...
5	We went for breakfast on a Saturday morning and had no wait at all. We ordered the Rosarito and the Caprese with chicken. Both were delicious! The Rosarito was full of flavor and make sure you ask for the homemade salsa! Meat lovers will love this satisfying breakfast. The Caprese was fresh and light in flavor but still very filling. The owner "Lou" stopped by at the end of our meal to make sure the food was ok and thanked us for coming in. He also informed us that everything is made in house without any additives like sulphates, etc. That small little gesture made the experience that much better!
5	This place is just spot-on in so many ways...The decor is pleasant and unexpected with a personality all its own (and no country or breakfast theme -- man I hate "barnyard" decor).The owners are sweethearts (Lou took my order today with an enthusiastic "Talk to me, Goose!" and tends to refer to everyone in terms of endearment).The drink selection is impressive (premium sodas, beers, wines, coffee/espresso drinks, and at least 13 flavors of mimosas -- my favorites are passion fruit, guava, and blood orange).The food is just awesome, no other way to describe it. I used to think I hated crepes, but this place has made a believer out of me. I can't vouch for the sweet ones since I'm not a sweets person, but the savory & breakfast crepes are effing genius. My favorites are the Sonora (carne asada steak, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, jack cheese) and the Monterey (bacon, scrambled egg, tomato, red onion, serrano pepper, jack cheese). If you get a breakfast crepe, you can choose sliced bananas or cottage cheese as your side. If you get a savory/lunch crepe, you can choose soup (usually fideo) or a green salad with vinaigrette. Don't let that description fool you into thinking the salad is boring, though -- the dressing is homemade by Lou and has a base of cumin, lime, & garlic (my kind of dressing!!). OMGYUM.I heard they're looking to open another location on the other side of town. As long as this one doesn't go anywhere, that's allllll right with me.
5	Spectacular!  Not only was the food excellent but the service and people working their were outstanding.  You couldn't ask for a nicer staff that is attentive, without being annoying, and extremely helpful.  I had the Greek crepe which was absolutely delicious and my husband had a breakfast crepe with chorizo which was equally delicious.We would definitely go back there again and highly recommend them to anyone.  We just wish they were open longer since it seems the only time we are over in that area is after 3pm.
4	HIGHLY recommend this spot - from sweet to savory, these crepes are amazing.  The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is the location.  It's a bit small and drafty.The hot chocolate is a MUST.
5	HUGE crepes filled with perfectly constructed fresh ingredients. I got the nutella, banana, peanut butter w/ whip creme. Wife got the chorizo & egg w/ avocado (they had official names, but my old brain isn't as young as it once was). Both were fantastic. The guy that took our order (maybe the owner?) was boisterous, charming, and a little over the top - which was nice compared to the bland, expressionless zombies you'll find at most breakfast places. My 2nd favorite part (1st was the superb tastiness) of the whole experience was the big screen TV with a live feed of the griddles. From anywhere in the restaurant you can watch your crepe as it's crafted. Thanks awesome crepe dude for making our bellies so happy.
5	Delicious!!! Awesome staff!! Hard to pick just one crepe!!
5	Great places for breakfast. From their sweet to savory crepes, each one is beautifully made and with well balanced flavors. Their sweet crepes are perfect with a nice cup of coffee. I usually come here when I am craving something sweet but light for breakfast. The Ana's Banana Fosters and Monkey crepes are delicious. I love them because they are not overly sweet. I have yet to try their mimosas but their fresh fruit juices are always great. I generally will get partake in the fruit juice with my savory crepes, the Sonora being one of my favorites.The staff is always warm and welcoming. Quick to offer suggestions and inform guests about specials.I highly recommend taking advantage of their seasonal lattes as well.
4	Our major 'difficulty' was determining whether it merits a 4 or 5 star rating. Based on everything but the dark, indoor decor, it rates 5 out of 5. Our experience was an excellent one. 1. First, we strongly recommend this crepe restaurant, Crepe Expectations. 2. We ordered Ana's Banana Fosters and one of their (many) signature dishes, the chorizo crepes, and the taste was - as I see another reviewer writing, 'spot on'. Not much in the world of food beats an original taste. Discovering a restaurant that has an entirely unique, hand-crafted, menu of dishes, is remarkable. The coffee was good, including the decaf, and it was endless.3. The price range was excellent, unexpectedly reasonable for a small, specialized restaurant. The service - we sat outside - was very good at the ordering point and as it was brought to us in a good time frame, outside. 4. The menu has a plethora of unique items but remains 'crepe-centric'. It serves a breakfast, brunch and lunch menu, as well as coffee and liquor items.5. When we were finished, I actually asked to speak to the owner. I had a suspicion it was the gentleman who was ordering some items - and it was. I complimented him on our enjoyable meals and began talking to him about all things crepe and cooking. It was a good conversation. One item in particular (there are several) that he is proud of is that he does not use is a freezer. PS - I want to add that although it closes at 3 pm, we were eating and drinking our coffee at 3 pm without any pressure for us to depart. Simply another positive point to mention.
5	Why this place would have anything less than five stars is beyond me. The food was outstanding, proportions are generous, you get warm and personalized service plus a charming decor to boot! Want to substitute an ingredient? You got it. More meat? You betcha! I'll try any gluten free place at least once, but here I didn't feel deprived whatsoever on account of my diet. My only regret is that I can't take this gem of a creperie back home with me.
5	Never knew this place existed untill I found a facebook review from someone I know. The place is small and often few seats available to sit down in. It's kind of winter now so outside dining isn't quite that pleasant this time of year. There are a few people that help you get seated and clear tables, but they aren't actual waiters since you have to go to the counter to place your order, but they do bring your food out to you using the number system, they are very helpful and friendly. The menu is very extensive and the many different choices can stop a newcomer in their tracks. We ordered off the breakfast menu and all was just perfect. You can watch them make the crepes right in front of you and the ladies do a very nice job, so many choices on fillings. They also have a large dispenser of cucumber water and lemon water for free or you can have wine, mimosas or various bottled soda pops. The crepes are traditional or exotic, but always good, we just wish there was more seating. Congrats to them, they have a nice following and we are included.
5	Such a lovely little place! It is not your typical crepe shop that's decored with white walls and contemporary furniture. This crepe shop has a whole lot of personality that screams black and purple. Its very intimate and romantic (great for sunday brunch dates or coffee shop dates. Wink wink fellas!)It is a petite shop, and you better believe the seats never stay empty! There is also an outdoor seating area which is a nice spot to have Saturday breakfast when all the cool vintage cars are parked outside. It makes a great start for conversation!I came with my mom who absolutely adores this place (if my mom is willing to a take a trip down to this area then you know its for a good reason!) She ordered the Berry Delight crepe ($7.50) and you get the berry works! It includes blackberries, blueberries, and strawberries with whipped cream on top. Its berry delightful! (Insert drum roll here) If you don't want a sweet and heavy crepe this would be a great option. Its filled with fruit, which won't be filling to your tummy. I picked the Monkey ($6.50). It's a typical choice for me since my favorite crepe includes nutella, bananas, and strawberries. The Monkey has bananas, nutella, and whipped cream. I also added strawberries as an additional ingredient. I intent to come back again, and step outside of the box to try the rest of the menu items. They also have great Savory Menu with crepe items that have pepperoni, spinach, mozarella, tomato ingredients, and more!Lastly, a great pair with our crepes was the Mimosa Trio Sampler ($10.00) which provides your choice of three various mimosas to taste that you can pick from the menu. Its a perfect sample size especially if you're in it for taste and less on getting crunk in the AM or afternoon. (Fellas this would be a fun option if you bring a date with you! Hint. Hint) We chose the blood orange, guava, and cherry mimosa to sample. My favorite was the blood orange! Filled with a variety flavors on the menu and they are all such original selections. I never knew that there was a variety of ways to make mimosas besides OJ until now!How fun! You can watch them make your crepe on the tv as well. So you know exactly when your order is coming! It's a great family owned business and they are all so helpful with assisting you in making a decision. They really know how to be welcoming and feel like you're right at home. I can't wait to go back!
5	Worth the 5-10 minute drive from the Strip.  Owner/chef learned his craft in Paris.  Great selection of tasty crepes.  Small place so go at off hours if you don't want to wait.  Very fairly priced!
2	The decor and ambiance were very appealing. The food was fantastic. The mimosa, typical. So why 2 stars?... The restaurant is small, tiny in fact, especially when the weather is not nice enough to utilize the patio. Furthermore, a friend and I were told, after 1 hour and $45, that if we were not going to order anything else he needed to "turn the table over." I understand the concept and reason but what I don't understand is the attitude and the rude nature of the person (I believe he was the owner). I will never return to this establishment.
5	What a delightful little cafe!  My sweet husband knows that I really enjoy good crepes and in his search for a place to go while in Vegas, he found Crepe Expectations. It's located in an unassuming, newer shopping center with an eclectic mix of restaurants, offices and stores. There are some tables out front of what looks like a small cafe, but once inside, the space seems quite large. The decor is tasteful and cohesive. The staff we encountered all provided prompt an friendly service.  Now for the crepes...  In theory I like savory crepes, but I never seem to be able to pass up the sweet ones, so I ordered The Frisco with flavorful blueberries, lemon curd, fresh whipped cream (NOT from a can) and powdered sugar. The crepe itself was light, thin & perfectly cooked. The lemon curd & plump blueberries were divine!  My 'savory' husband ordered The Little Italy with pepperoni, mozzarella & a tomato-basil sauce. It also came with choice of soup or mixed greens salad. He went with the soup and it was all very tasty. For drinks we just opted for the complimentary cucumber and lemon waters which were very refreshing , especially when mixed together. However they do have an extensive beverage menu including fresh juices, coffee, tea, premium sodas (Bundaberg Ginger Beer!!),  wine and  beer. Overall, we had an excellent experience and have added Crepe Expectations to our list of favorite must-eats while in Vegas!
5	This place is amazing!  The food is always great and the owner is always  so pleasant.  Try the different flavored mimosas...we love the blood orange.  If you like crepes, this place is a must!
5	The chef/ owner is awesome, super friendly, try mixing their cucumber water w/ lemon water -its freaking refreshing! I ordered the mimosa sampler, the crepelette and the Ana banana's foster and it's under $30?!?!  I'm so happy this new year day! Crepe Expectations started my new year right, thanks for the great food n service ;)
4	It's pretty simple really: friendly staff, excellent mouth watering crepes, great value, relaxed cool environment. I've only been there once and I will definitely return again the next time I visit Las Vegas on vacation. Thank you Crepe Expectations!
5	Absolutely the best crepes ever!   The coffee is amazing too.   Great atmosphere and customer service.My recommendations:Ana Banana Fosters,The Monterey,The Rosarito
5	Every single this is amazingly delicious! Even the water!
5	We're from SF, where there are at least a dozen great creperies.  Here in Vegas, it's been hard to find just that one... But now I know, Crepe Expectations is it! The only downfall is they close early now and I usually want my savory crepes at night for dessert.  To be honest, we've only been here once.  We got a couple strawberry and nutella crepes, the usual.  The crepe was perfect and the customer service was superb. They were really friendly and checked in on us quite a few times to ensure we were satisfied. Will def be back!
5	5 star establishment...I can't describe the happiness that these crepes brought to my stomach. I had the italian crepe with sausage pepporoni and marinara. The sauce was out of this world and made everything come together perfectly. It was busy of course but the owner's attitude and kindness made the time pass. You could tell he cared and knew many of the regulars visiting that day. If you go anywhere around Vegas, stop here no matter what you do!
5	First time and it was amazing! Everyone was so friendly and the food was so delicious! I was happy with the serving sizes. Will go again and again.
5	This place is a rare find. Amazing service, great food and atmosphere. My favorites are the Sunday Morning and the Monkey plus strawberries. It's worth the drive the wait and any other excuse you might have.
5	You can't beat a place that offers incredible food along with excellent customer service. The ambiance was cozy and the owners constantly made their rounds to every table checking if your experience (whether a first-timer or a regular) was amazing. The Avalon (buttered pear, goat cheese and candied walnuts topped with honey, finished with whipped cream on the side) was INCREDIBLE. This was my first experience with the place and it definitely won't be my last.
3	Cute little place but space is limited and the crepes are delicious.
5	Crepe Expectations. Ahhh restaurant name very similar to the 'Great Expectations' classic novel that I skimmed and did NOT read in high school. Found this on Yelp and had to try it.We found the place pretty quickly and stepped right in. Very little and cozy restaurant and was super busy. It was so busy I was easily turned off and wanted to head to another restaurant instead but my husband convinced me to stay. We told one of the staff our names and I think they somehow jotted it down either on a piece of scrap paper in someones pocket or they have the memories of an elephant. We waited in a back hallway and tried to figure out what we would eat.They yelled my name out and we were up and pretty much ran to the cashier to place our order. I ordered The Monkey crepe with nutella, banana, chocolate, and whipped cream and my husband ordered The Monterey with bacon, eggs, tomato, onion, peppers, and cheese. I also ordered the Passion Fruit Mimosa that I read tasted amazing. We were brought to a high table in the corner and they put a number on the table. Nice! I was served the amazing and tasty mimosa that I wanted to gulp down but it tasted so good I wanted to savor each sip (first time I drank alcohol that slowly). While we were waiting I was able to see the television that had live video of them making our crepes. You could also watch them through the glass but there is a table right there and it would seem like you were trying to eat with those people. Finally got our crepes. So nicely presented and so tasty. I love, love, loved it! We were so satisfied and so impressed that the owner/chef came by our table and actually stopped by everyone's table to make sure everything was good. I will return to Crepe Expectations when I visit again. Such a nice and welcoming atmosphere and a restaurant that seems like they care about your food quality. Prices were good too. Place for amazing crepes and service.
5	Had to wait for a table as we visited on the weekend but the food was well worth the wait
5	Absolutely amazing. Great food and such sincerely friendly service! These guys definitely love what they're doing. Just be ready for a wait. Or have them fire up the heat lamps outside, which is what we did. So glad we found this spot. Thank you yelp!
5	Really wonderful food and service! The owners are so sweet and kind. Their crepes are a special treat, with both savory and sweet offered, and first class service.  Nice eating area.
5	Every time I leave Vegas to go home, this is where I eat.Friendly restaurant for crepe lovers.  I try to find a crepe eatery every city I visit; this is my favorite for Vegas.
4	I would give this place 5 stars if it had more seating. We had a pretty long wait lined up down the hall to the bathroom. Maybe they should add a bench or something so people can sit while they wait? Food was excellent. I had the Turk with soup. The crepe was the size of my plate and stuffed to the brim with fillings. The bald guy at the register, who I later found out was the owner, was very nice and gave us his recommendations on menu options. He came to check on us during our meal, chatted for a little and made sure to thank us for coming by. Great customer service. I also LOVED that they have a self serve cucumber water cooler, DELICIOUS! I will definitely  come here next time I am leaving Vegas
1	No. Crepe for you....First of all the crepe nazi that owes the place is rude and should not have a public facing job. Second the service is awful and the crepes were like rubber.Don't bother making the drive to Henderson to eat here!
1	The good reviews on here are proof that Las Vegas doesn't have many crepe places to choose from and another reason I miss California!The food was OK but definitely not worth the hour wait for a table. The atmosphere was crowded and loud and we felt rushed to leave as soon as the last bite was eaten. But that's not why I felt compelled to write a review.Normally I would just not go back. What compelled me to review was the unbelievably bad behavior of, what seemed to be, the owner. He was rude and was personally asking people to leave to clear up space. I personally heard him levy several racists (probably a Republican) and inappropriate comments behind several customers backs and, in one case, to their face! I was SHOCKED and mortified! I wish I would have said something then but I just wanted to get out of there. For the people posting good reviews I feel sorry that they obviously have never eaten at a good crepe dinner.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
5	One of the best breakfast places in this part of town.  The decor is very chic and electic.  Very fun for a strip mall place.  The crepes are amazingly delicious.  I've had the savory and sweet and both are airy and light on the crepe side and filling and scrumptious on the inside.  I highly recommend the flight's of Mimosa.  My Wife throughly enjoyed them with her crepe.   A must try if you are in this part of time for breakfast.
5	Carne Asada, Guac, and salsa in a Crepe... Did your head just explode??? This place will blow your mind. Think of anything awesome and then wrap it in a crepe and it becomes even more awesome. Or like any awesome sandwich or burrito but instead a crepe is used. The bbq, the clucker, etc.. Amazballs! You already know the sweet stuff is going to be good. I read reviews on here knocking the owner but I kind of like an owner with an edge. I thought he was cool and made plenty of recommendations. The place is busy on the weekends so prepare for a wait unless you roll your lazy behind out of bed early.
4	Small place, cool decor. Food is good and I like that you can watch them prepare your selection. I recommend anything with Nutella!
5	My crepe expectations are very high, considering all of the crepe competition in town. I can honestly say that this place exceeded them all!This cute restaurant is adorned in purple, so how could I not love this place? They offer savory, sweet or breakfast crepes. I have never tried a savory crepe because my sweet tooth always wins the battle but this time, I was determined to try something different.The cashier recommended The Sonora (Carne Asada Steak, Roasted Tomato Salsa, Guacamole and Jack Cheese) for $9. I love how they have TV screens where you can watch your crepe masterpiece come to life! My crepe was so tasty. The meat was flavorful and there was the right amount of heat. I was so full that my friend and I couldn't order a sweet crepe for dessert like we originally had planned.They have an amazing beverage selection including champagne, wine and mimosas. I opted for water, and they offer free cucumber or lemon infused water. Perfect touch!I got The Nutty Classic (Nutella, Fresh Chopped Hazelnuts, Fresh Whipped Cream and Powdered Sugar) to take home to my husband. He LOVED it, especially the fresh chopped hazelnuts. It is definitely a different take than other crepe places that offer the same ol' ingredients.From reading other reviews, I'm glad I went on a Monday morning. They were still pretty busy considering it was still early and it was a weekday. I can't wait to come back!
4	PLEASE EXPAND! Please, I'm begging you! Only reason I can't give 5 stars is we waited close to 50 minutes for our food to arrive, they were so busy, and rightfully so!There is a fair amount of tables inside the place, and additional outside, but the day we came it was cold and windy, so inside was our only option. We needed a table for four, so I had to be one of those annoying people who hang around until a party leaves so I could pounce on a table that became available. The gentleman running the place was very nice and tried to be as accomodating as he could be, I knew he was super busy and trying to take orders and run food at the same time and also clean tables. While I waited for the rest of my party to arrive, I passed time with the mimosa trio, mango, tangerine and watermelon. Mango had to be my favorite. They have a really good selection of savory and sweet crepes, so depending on your mood, many options. I couldn't decide, so my friend and I decided to split two, The Monterey (which is on the breakfast yumm menu available anytime) it had bacon, scrambled egg, tomato, red onion, serrano peppers and jack cheese. Jackpot!  This was scrumptious! Then we split the Elvis (or was it called Fat Elvis)? Bacon, peanut butter, bananas and caramel. Really? Need I say more? Props for having a great beer selection (Chimay anyone)? and they have ginger beer! I LOVE ginger anything. I'm definitely coming back, a long wait won't keep me from this place, just can't come starving like I did previous two times.
4	Although it is in a strip mall and the interior lighting is a bit dark, it is cozy, casual, and the food is comforting.  If you have a group of four or more, you may have to eat al fresco and opt for outdoor seating at the front.  Also, there is a small counter space where you can eat and watch them make the crepes at the same time.  I ordered the Frisco crepe which had fresh blueberries in lemon curd sprinkled with powdered sugar and whipped cream on the side.  It was perfect with my all you can drink morning coffee, but I would have wanted a little more lemon curd in it.  It's a great place to try your first crepe or when you want to get out of your usual breakfast comfort zone and broaden your taste buds.  It's FUNtastic!
5	I found this place while shopping at the Farmers Market. It was Sunday and there was a line out the door so I didn't get a chance to eat that day. But I told my husband about it and we returned for a late lunch on Monday. The service was very friendly and personable, the food was great with lots of healthy choices...although I was bummed they had run out of bananas because the Banana foster crepe looked awesome...I guess that's what happens when you eat at the end of the day...We both ordered the Greek which was very filling and delicious and I believe they make their own hummus.You can also bring your dogs if you sit outside which is always a big bonus for us! The prices are also very reasonable. We will be back for sure!!
4	After reading the other reviews I had to check this place out. Yes it is small and you do have to order at the counter, but they bring the food to you. Coffee and Water are also self serve. 3 of us went for breakfast and 2 of us ordered the Sunday Morning crepe and the other person ordered the crepe with ham & eggs. You also get a side of cottage cheese or sliced bananas with each crepe (nice touch). I loved my Sunday Morning crepe though my other guest was not that impressed with theirs. He felt there was not enough egg in the crepe and could only taste/see potatoes and cheese.Portions were large enough to fill us all up and we did not have room left over to try any of the Delicious sounding desert crepes. I will be back for those!
5	We were out and about Yelping on Sunday morning for a good breakfast spot and Crepe Expectations came up.  Neither of us were very familiar with crepes but thought that we would give it a try based on the great reviews.  We were so glad that we stopped in.  This place was incredible.  I ordered the Monterey and he ordered the Clucker.  Both were great but the Clucker was the favorite.  Everything was incredibly fresh.  The owner was really sweet and made suggestions of what we should order based on our preferences. For the price, service and quality, this will be hard to beat.  We will definitely be back.
5	The hardest part of this place is picking a crepe, what a large selection they have here!  I am a big banana fan so I settled on the bananas foster crepe, however they did have a couple of variations to choose from.Seating is small and we just beat the rush which leads to a line forming in the back of the inside.  Pricing is moderate and on target with what is offered on the strip.  The owner who was playing cashier when I was there was very nice and genuinely friendly.I don't get out much for breakfast, but this is a place worth visiting if you are in the Henderson area!
5	Best crepes ever, without a contest.I wish I went for more variety, as I can't find anything that suits me better than the La Jolla. It is amazing, but so is everything else.The soup is great. Even the cucumber water is great.This is one of our highly recommended places to take our visitors from out of town, and so far have excelled each and every time. The seating is a bit cramped and crowded, especially in winter/summer when it's not seasonal to sit outside. The staff is always very accommodating in getting people situated, so rather than feeling like it's a bad thing you feel taken care of.It has consistently been a great and not very costly meal.
5	Super delicious!! I had the Monterrey and it was awesome!  At first when my wife told me about this place I was skeptical.  Breakfast food in a crepe?  Well I was very happy I went!! My crepe had bacon, eggs, mild serranos, jack cheese, and a tomato blend.  I paid 75 cents and had a half of a sliced avocado placed on top!  I miss my Texas breakfast tacos and this is as close as I can get (plus mimosas sampler!!) Will definitely eat here again!!
5	I love crepes but I also love families. This place is a family run business start to finish--I got to meet the chef's lil one while waiting for my crepe!I had one with blueberry and lemon curd. It was delicious and I want it right now. I also ordered the lemonade of the day--strawberry with actual berries inside. The whole meal was a perfect sweet treat, perfect for a spring day. My friend got the one with chicken and homemade salsa. I would drink that salsa if I could. I'm not usually one for savory crepes but this one made me a convert. I can't wait to go back and try them again!The outdoor patio is really nice, though it is shaded: perfect for summer, but a little chilly in the spring.
4	This place is funky and yummy.  I go there often and have fully enjoyed every item I have ordered.  The staff is gracious and efficient.  I would give 5 stars except for the fact that the last 2 times I have been there for lunch, we were bum-rushed out of our seats by waiting customers (not staff).  The rude customers just pretty much come and stand by your table as they see you are getting close to finishing and state that they are waiting for the table..  Management should maybe ask for waiting people to not stand right to seated customers trying enjoy the fabulous crepes.
5	This is a great little cafe - cute setting with indoor and outdoor seating, friendly staff, and amazing crepes. I especially like the La Jolla (savory) and The Monkey (sweet and so good!). This is a must-visit if you're in the area!
4	Very busy and fun, but that ended up creating slower service. I'm sure it would be five stars if it was slower and the staff could pay more attention to each table. Great service and prices, the menu had a lot of choices! Very delicious!
5	Creative concept, fantastic food, incredibly friendly service, and a great, clean atmosphere.  My wife and I came two days in a row.  Had the Sonora and the Del Mar yesterday, the Reuben (a special) and Berry Delight today.  Everything was excellent, will definitely come back here for our next trip to Vegas!
5	There are not a lot of creperies around and not very many places for breakfast either.  While looking on Yelp for breakfast eateries today my wife found Crepe Expectations.  Wow! What a great little place this is!  The owners did a terrific job with decor.  This is a very intimate spot with half booths on one side and high top tables on the other.  Coffee and water are self serve from the small beverage bar, I didn't mind as it is a very short walk to refill.  There was no self serve soda fountain, I assume that was behind the counter someplace, didn't bother me in the least.  There are also a few tables and umbrellas for outdoor dining as well.  Back to the interior, there was a large TV in the dining area showing the Food Channel.  I don't know if that is standard or just for today.  By far the more interesting TV was the smaller one over the register displaying an overhead shot of the chef making your crepe!  Very novel idea!  Now, down to what you all want to know....the food.  Full of flavor, it had a very fresh taste as though it was all organic food, no preservatives.  I don't know if this was the case but it sure tasted that way.  The portion looked small but the crepe was packed, I was pleasantly filled with my breakfast crepe.  On the side we had a choice of cottage cheese or sliced bananas.  While not a fan of cottage cheese, I took the banana....again, I enjoyed this part of the meal even though I didn't think much of it at the time.  Overall, Crepe Expectations exceeded all of my expectations.  We are going back later this afternoon for a dessert crepe...maybe I will do an update.  One last thing, the hours are very limited...they close at 3 pm so  don't plan on coming in for a late dessert.  A great place to eat and I am looking forward to my next visit.  I'll be back in the city in June and I am sure we'll eat here again.
5	I've have been to this place several times now. They have a variety of crepe to choose from. I like the pear and goat cheese combination and the lemon and blueberry. I also tried their 3 sample mimosas which are ok. Definitely get the dessert crepes. The venue is small, but they have addition seating outside on a bright, sunny day.
2	After reading about Crepe Expectations in Desert Companion we decided to try it.  My husband ordered the Chorizo and Egg Crepe and it was a thick, gooey crepe with loads of ground chorizo and very little egg in sight.  He could only eat half of it. Mine was a strawberry crepe and the same thick gooey crepe with a bland flavor except for the chocolate sauce on top.  The $4.50 "fresh" oj seemed like it was from concentrate and the latte was lukewarm.  And, the service was slow.  All in all, it was a disappointing breakfast.
5	Very good food, good service. I recommend trying this place for a change of pace.
4	On a Saturday morning, I had a breakfast crepe: Marco Polo for $7.50- Very cheesy. Italian sausage and cheese wrapped around a crepe- Comes with your choice of cottage cheese or chopped bananas- Play off of Great Expectations?- Order and eat like Panera. - If you're not WHITE, you'll be a token outlier! Seriously. LOL. LuAnne S. & Chad M called em out! haha- Love the live camera showing how the chef is making the crepe!- Busy. Tell a bud to grab a seat while you order.
5	Absolutely amazing! I've been here a couple of times now and each time, there was nothing to complain about, at all. The staff is extremely friendly and very attentive to every customer. The owner actually works the cash register and if you can't decide from the many excellent choices, he'll offer a suggestion.  As for food, I've tried a few and loved them all. For the savory crepes, I've tried the Sonora, the Caprese, and one of their specials, I believe it's called the Clucker. The Sonora is like a Mexican burrito, with a crepe instead of the tortilla. When I said that, the owner responded with, "Yeah, like a burrito, but better" and I totally agree. The meat and guacamole were well seasoned and the meat was still very tender. The Caprese was also very good, I loved the pesto! The Clucker was filled with chicken, chorizo, and some cheese and it was super flavorful. The chorizo gave a nice little kick and the chicken was still very moist. All of them were packed full, you definitely get your money's worth, in quality and quantity. The one sweet crepe I tried was the Frisco and it was mm mm tasty. The lemon curd was not too sweet or too sour and there was just the perfect amount of it, not overpowering the crepe or the blueberries. Also, that bad boy was FILLED with blueberries. There had to have been at least an entire 4oz package of blueberries in that thing!Each of the savory crepes came with a side of soup or salad, although the Clucker, since it was considered a breakfast crepe had the choice of banana too. When I first ordered, I asked for the banana, but quickly changed my mind wanting the salad, and the owner said he would just tell the staff. When my food came, it came with the banana and I said I changed it to a salad. The waiter just threw in the salad on top of the banana! Seriously, really great service here. I can't wait to come back and try more of the crepes, if only they were open a little later. Not a big morning person, but I will make the effort to wake up earlier for this place, and so should you!
5	Delicious food and wonderful service. Enjoyed the Greek crepe as well as the Berry one. Awesome how their menu is not limited to sweet crepes. The mimosa sampler was delicious. Enjoyed being able to sample their top 3 (peach, blood orange, and guava - LOVED the peach one!!). Service was wonderful and they offer outdoor seating which is awesome as long as the weather is right. Will definitely be returning to Crepe Expectations!!!
2	The Crepes are delicious.But the wait is horrible. On a Saturday or Sunday expect to wait an hour to get a table, even if you are told it's "about a 15 minute wait".After you get seated expect to wait another 30-45 minutes for your food to arrive.The crepes are great, but waiting for an hour and half for your food to arrive from start to finish is incomparable.
3	The crepes are amazing.  There is no doubt that this place has fantastic food.  Crepes are thin, crispy and perfectly cooked, and filling choices are varied with something for every palate.  Fresh ingredients, great flavor combinations.  All that being said, I gave this place only 3 stars for the way they treat customers.  Their posted closing time is at 3 pm, but be prepared to be given the boot a few min after 3 pm.  What restaurant does that?!  I've never been directly asked to leave at 5 min after "closing".  They started breaking down at 2:30, carried away the self-serve drinks, swept, closed out the till and set chairs on tables well in advance of 3 pm.  Then at 3:08 pm asked us to leave.  So basically, this place should state their hours are until 2 or 2:30, but not 3 pm. We arrived before 2 pm, expecting to have a little over an hour for our meal - we did not expect to be promptly asked to leave at 3 pm.  Both good food and good service are necessary for a thriving restaurant business.  If you don't love it, don't do it.  And if you want to close up early and ask customers to leave,  perhaps you should build ejection seats into the chairs so you can get rid of those pesky customers finishing up their meal as soon as possible.
4	Yummy crepes and great service but expect to wait for at least 30 minutes to get a table if you'll be coming here for a weekend brunch. They are packed and the restaurant is small with outside seating. Tried The Greek, Lou's Pulled Pork BBQ and The Avalon. Delicious!
1	Overhyped....by a ton. Ordered to go because there was no seating available. Got the Italian crepe with pepperoni. Just a soggy mess. Never had crepes before so if a soggy bland roll with soggy pepperoni is top notch crepes this is the place.
5	Breakfast bliss!  Our family was fortunate enough to grab a table inside during a robust Sunday morning breakfast rush.  Crepes were divine! Hubby had the Monterray - - his fork never stopped moving from the plate to his mouth! :-)  Beautiful girl had The Monkey - - filled with Nutella and banana creamy deliciousness.  Happy, happy girl. I had the Avalon - - moment of silence for the exceptionally partnered pears, goat cheese, walnuts and honey.  Beyond beyond!  Topped off with the mimosa trio - - I chose tangerine, watermelon and white peach for my indulgence - - it was a beautiful Sunday morning.  Was truly impressed to see the owner manning the register and taking orders like a champ.  Staff was beyond busy, but wonderfully friendly.  Only nose wrinkling moment was at how, shall we say, "cozy" the space is.  People were literally packed in line so densely that the servers couldn't get around them to deliver drinks/meals.  But that is again a testimate to how delicious their food is....we were all willing to wait.  It is so fantastic to finally have fabulous, locally owned restaurants in our neighorhood!
4	When we arrived to eat breakfast last weekend around 9:30am, they were already pretty busy. The inside of the shop is small, and there are only a few tables outside, so I wasn't especially surprised when the host/waiter turned our party of 7 away. Luckily, the guy behind the counter (seemed like the owner) wouldn't take no for an answer. He found us a table outside with a bunch of little mini tables, pushed them all together for us, and remembered what kind of drink I casually mentioned. Great service!Plus points for being in my neighborhood and locally-owned (I'm guessing).The crepes were all good; caprese, ham & egg, pear & goat cheese were the ones I sampled. Only complaint: I wish there was more cheese in the caprese instead of so much pesto sauce.In addition, they have a wide selection of mimosas and even offer a little flight so you can try different juices. I had the blood orange and it was excellent.Prices are just ok.
5	Really good! We wanted a good brunch place and we decided to come here thanks to the Yelp reviews. We got a table outside and enjoyed our food very much. I had the Elvis which were peanut butter, bananas and bacon. Yum! My bf had the Monte Cristo which was also very good. Their coffee was also excellent. I also got to chat a bit with the owner who was super nice and friendly! I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a good brunch place off the tourist track.
5	Berry delight with Nutella. Amazing!
5	Simply Delicious.  I had The Monterey for brunch.  It contained scrambled eggs, bacon, monterey jack cheese, peppers and tomato and it was outstanding.  The fresh squeezed orange juice (made with the right oranges-Valencias) was a great pairing with the crepe.  The side of bananas was nice, too.  The service was very friendly and efficient.  One warning, however, there might be a wait.  I hate, hate, hate to wait, but I waited about 30 minutes here AND I'D DO IT AGAIN.  It was well worth the wait.
5	This place has a great selection of sweet & savory crepes coupled excellent service!  Crepe Expectations is one of our favorite breakfast spots!  Other reviewers complain that there can be nasty wait times, but I haven't experienced this.  I've been several times and have gotten right in.  Although, I am the up-at-the-crack-of-dawn-to-beat-the-breakfast-crowd type.  Hmm... perhaps this strategy is working.  The owners are charming and attentive to detail, and the food is delish.  I highly recommend giving this place a try.
5	I have been here 5 times. Consistent quality of food and service, is the key to my return. My fav is The Rosarito and The Monkey add fresh strawberries!  2 of us share and breakfast is PERFECT!
5	Lazy Sunday afternoon eating crepes on a patio...bomb day.  Staff was so friendly.  I love going to a place where people enjoy their jobs.I had the William Tell - caramel apple crapes with whipped cream.  Very sweet, like dessert for breakfast.  My husband had the Sonora - steak quac salsa and cheese.  I had some, it was medium spicy, the steak was tender, juicy and easy to eat in crepe form.I will be back.  Next time I'm getting a Nutella crepe.
4	My wife and I really enjoyed our breakfast here. Highly recommend to anyone.
4	Holy Crape! 2 words... The Avalon... Perfectly sweet from the pear, crunchy from the walnuts and savory from the goat cheese. This is my absolute favorite! When I left I talked about this crepe for like 3 days straight not missing an opportunity to tell everyone I came in contact with about it. Today I tried the Caprese w/ chicken and it was excellen, maybe a little pesto-ie... (Still not as good as the Avalon!) My guy had the Marco Pollo for the second time so I'm assuming he really enjoyed that. The first time we went I asked for the Mimosa trio. I thought, what could be better than an assortment of flavored Mimosa's! But sadly I was wrong. The flavors were like flavor shots which made the mimosa's entirely too sweet. Today I opted for a traditional mimosa which was much better. The only thing negative about this place is that it tends to get busy and you can get stuck with a 30 min wait, but... It's pretty worth it.
5	Ate here on an improvised date night. The location is great the ambiance was great. The menu is quite impressive and the food was great. I had the crepelet and loved it. The ingredients are quality and it made for a great light meal. My wife ordered a Caprice and while ordering had a pregnant craving and added ham. Upon receiving her meal she immediately wished she hadn't added ham(pregnancy messing with her) the owners noticing that she wasn't completely happy immediately offered to take it back and remade her order even though neither of us had asked for that. Both owners (Husband & wife) were very friendly and were very happy to engage in a conversation. We loved Crepe Expectations and will be back.Oops. I guess I didnt save this. A year and a half later the place is under new ownership. The new owners are also very nice. Food is still great and fresh. The Frisco could use more curd but all in all it is all great!
3	Tried the vegetable, caprese crepe.  Good.  Like the vegetable more...caprese could have used more substances.  Others had the pepperoni which he said was food, like a pizza/calzone.  Did not get to try the mimosa...would have probably made the experience nicer.  Will come back w friends perhaps next time to try mimosas too.  Overall, good service.  But it just lacked a je me sais quoi.
5	The service and food exceeded my expectations. The restaurant is very quaint and beautifully adorned in purple hues and cute decorations. I love how the menu is split into sweet, savory, and breakfast crepes - I had a hard time deciding what to order! I settled on the Sunday morning, a breakfast crepe with eggs, potatoes, and cheese. It was huge and just stuffed to the brim with ingredients. It was delicious and I had a hard time finishing it all!  I also got a vanilla latte. The latte was just OK, but I've been spoiled by Sunrise Coffee's lattes so it's hard to compete with those. And as an extra treat to myself, I ordered a sweet crepe, the avalon which has pears, goat cheese, and candied walnuts in it. My girlfriends and I split that one. It was light but still filling. It has a great combination of ingredients that go well together and satisfy a light sweet tooth.Lou was our cashier and was incredibly friendly and informative. You can tell he really took pride in the restaurant and in the food, which translated in how delicious the food tasted!There's a camera above the crepe station and TV that shows live feed of crepes being made. That was a cool touch.I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.This place is a must!
5	When I first moved here a friend took me to this little crepe place and my stomach wishes we would come back more often! When you walk in you are greeted by a warm and welcoming atmosphere of a clean and contemporary decor. The people who work here are always incredibly friendly and willing to offer suggestions on the pinnacle items on their menu.Everything that I have tried here was been superb! That includes:The Berry Delight--a delicious crepe filled with fresh berries.The Monkey -- bananas, nutella, and we added strawberries...need I say more?The Monterey--a savory crepe with a bit of a zing (by far my favorite!)The Veggie Patch--veggies and hummus. Pretty standard.And my all time favorite afternoon treat: the mimosa sampler! If you haven't tried it, I highly recommend the blood orange mimosa.This restaurant is one of the reasons why I love company coming into town.
4	I have to say I was impressed. I'm not a big crepe or pancake person but this place was nice. We shared the monkey, our company got the berry delight and a breakfast yum (can't remember which). They all were huge! Can't imagine finishing one by myself let alone the little one and I shared and we couldn't finish The strawberries, banana and Nutella was really a good combo without being overly sweet. We didn't want whip cream and the guy who took our order recommended adding strawberries to the monkey which was awesome.The service was excellent, there was a mess made and the guys were helpful and quick to respond. You go up and place your order and get your drinks but they are quite helpful and attentive stillThe only reason a star is missing as not enough seating during crowded times, we got the last table.
5	Man this place is amazing. Upon walking in, the decor is inviting and the staff is incredibly kind; they go out of your way to make you feel like a rock star. Sweet, savory...it doesn't matter your preference. There is truly not a bad offering on the menu. And if you like mimosas, they have them made with every type of fruit under the sun! I prefer the watermelon in the summertime but the possibilities are endless. No matter where you're staying in Las Vegas, this place is worth the trip...a knockout in the breakfast field. Looking forward to many returns!
5	this place is awesome when i think of crepes i think of dessert but these crepes are a meal, and a delicious one at that. I wish they had a location in the northwest where I live!
4	Great breakfast and lunch spot if you are in the Henderson area!Food prices and portions are fair, with lots of savory and sweet options, depending on what you are craving!Once we saw Nutella fillings, it was clear to us what we were going to order!We ordered The Monkey : Nutella, Banana, Chocolate Drizzle, Fresh Whipped Cream and Powdered Sugar. This was great, and they weren't shy with the Nutella! Lots of sugar though...so not super filling IMO. But definitely yummy! This was about $7 including the strawberries added.Since I was still a little hungry, I decided to drive across the street to Nielsen's Frozen Custard! Keep it in mind for after lunch!
5	Absolutely delightful! Wife and I came here for the first time and were floored. You can see the crepes being made on a monitor, and when they arrive they're far more than you expect. I got the Sonora, and it was LOADED with carne asada and avocado. We will be returning early and often, probably to do their mimosa brunch.
5	Place was fantastic! Went there after landing in Las Vegas and did a Yelp search by highest rated and this one came up.I had the eggs and mushrooms crepe and the fresh strawberries with chocolate drizzled on the top with fresh whip cream and a fresh squeezed OJ.Highly recommend this place to anyone that is close-by.
5	Really friendly staff. Monterey is an awesome start of any morning.
5	My husband and I had a late lunch here yesterday.  Everything was excellent from the food to the service.  We had the Greek crepe which was generously filled with high quality ingredients...including real kalamata olives. The plain crepe with lemon was just like the ones I've found on the streets of Paris. We will be back soon....
5	Absolutely the best crepes I have ever had! There's always a wait, which can be a little frustrating, but the staff & owners always go the extra mile to take care of everyone really well. And did I mention that their crepes are amazing?!
5	This place is so good, it keeps you coming back time and again!Love the breakfast and fruit crepes, staff is always happy to see youSeating is small, but staff is great about getting you seated as soon as possible, very nice decor, upbeat and clean.  Love watching the staff make the crepes, and enjoy the fresh ingredients.  Large selection of drink choices, love their spicey hot chocolate. Yummo!
5	I've had this place bookmarked since the first week I lived here and finally gave it a try.  Why I didn't try it sooner is beyond me!   Went on a late Sunday morning for brunch and I was bracing myself for a very long wait to get a table.  I'd read how busy this place gets, especially on the weekends, so I was prepared.  The inside of the restaurant is tight and it was already packed when we got there, so if we wanted to eat inside we would have had to wait.  We were in luck, though, because we were able to get a high top table outside right away, and it was a PERFECT Vegas morning.  The owner took our order and was so friendly and welcoming.  I could tell he takes great pride in this restaurant and his food.  He made some great suggestions, we placed our order, and were shown to our table with a number.   While in line, I loved watching the crepes being made in the kitchen and there was also a TV you could watch the crepe-making event from LOL.  The mimosas (we tried pomegranate, raspberry, and orange) were the perfect start to our Sunday.  The Berry Delight and the Sunday Morning crepes were delicious!  The berries were fresh and ripe, and the whipped cream made the ENTIRE meal.  I loved that the Sunday Morning (scrambled eggs, jack cheese, and potatoes) came with a side of sliced bananas (you could opt for cottage cheese instead).  They had so many flavored lemonades that I want to try, and I liked the cucumber and lemon infused waters that are available if you don't want to order a drink.  What a great brunch experience - I can't wait to go back and try more crepes, lemonades and mimosas.
5	My wife and I heard great things about this places via word of mouth and this place did not disappoint. She had the berry delight and I had the crepelet. Outstanding service, atmosphere, and food. Support your local small business places and definitely check these guys out.
5	Best crepe I have ever had beside the Vietnamese style that my mom makes.  Love this place the service and the decors, it's a little smokey due to the place is small.  Great brunch!
5	We tried the Rosarito, Monterey and the Berry Delight. All were very good, perfect portion size and delicious. I had a blood orange mimosa which was more champagne then juice, which is fine by me. Not sure I'd order it again with the blood orange.  The staff was friendly and efficient. We will be back!
3	My boyfriend and I were looking for a good spot for brunch and Yelp'd open places near us and because it is located in a convenient shopping center near my place, we had to give it a try.  Right place, right time!  We got there just in time to snag a two-top inside (not much cooler than out, but better still).  I ordered "The Crepelet" (ham, swiss, and egg) and my boyfriend ordered "The Rosarito" (guac, chorizo, egg, cheese).  They come with a choice of sliced bananas or cottage cheese and they're HUGE!  I ordered The Crepelet because I wanted something savory without onions, but beware!  The ham has onions and tomatoes kinda on it.  It's not overpowering, but if you're sensitive to onions, keep it in mind.What's really cool is that the owners are working at the restaurant, so you really get to see that it's a small business!  Another cool thing- you can watch them make your crepe on a tv they have up by the register (you can see it if you're seated inside).  It's really neat to watch them actually make the crepe (not premade and reheated like at IHOP and other places)!  One thing to note: we looked online at the menu before arriving and noticed that the prices online are about 25-50 cents lower than what's listed in store (not a big deal, but maybe you need those quarters!).
4	The quality of all the ingredients, including the lemonade were fresh. Nothing from powder, and this shows quality! I was impressed with the taste, service, and overall environment. Very cozy and perfect for enjoying either breakfast or lunch. The owner of the restaurant even gave us a free bowl of tomato soup, after I told him my daughter had enjoyed his soup. He simply offered it, because "children normally don't drink soup, especially tomato soup!" This says a lot about a restaurant; impressing even children with their food. Excellent job, I must say. My only complaint about the the food was very minor, because I wanted my crepe to be presented a certain way. The tomatoes were cut in chunks, vs. Julianne. I thought if they were cut more delicately, the crepe would not be as chunky and it would maintain it's delicate appeal . Adding a small pc of basil, would have helped with its presentation as well. It's always nice to decorate your food with something that went in the cooking ingredients of your dish. Overall, the taste was there and I enjoyed everything!! I'm just finicky about certain things with my food, and don't blame. I also cook at home, so food is my passion. I look for everything in food, even the minute detail!!
5	A family of pessimistic picky eaters walked in to Crepe Expectations very hungry.  All walked out full and very satisfied. Expectations running high for next time...
5	I had to write another review....I LOVE THIS PLACE!   I return on a regular basis and now have been trying their specials.   The point is you can not go wrong with anything you order in this restaurant.   The mimosa's  are amazing especially  the white peach!  We loved the Elvis and added chocolate.   The nice thing here is you can create your own crepe or add more to the crepe your ordering and its always perfect. Their Chorizo is quality sausage with just enough spice to make it a great addition to any crepe.   If you like crepes this is the place to go!   With a flight of Mimosa's!  :)
5	Definite diamond in the rough.The crepes are fantastic, the manager/owner and staff was very friendly and attentive.The atmosphere is nice and there is outdoor seating should weather permit.Great place to grab lunch (highly recommend The Grand Turk) or to grab dessert.  We were too full from our savory crepes to try a sweet one, but we'll surely be back to try one.  We watched a few get made and they looked amazing.
5	I'm 38 weeks pregnant and I wish I would have found this place 38 weeks ago. Savoury crepes are so hard to come by here and when I saw that today's special was a Reuben crepe (I love Reubens!) I was sold. My companion had the Avalon and we split The Frisco. Every thing we had was absolutely delicious. The Avalon had a creamy goat cheese that went so well with how crisp the pears and crunchy the walnuts were! You could distinguish the goat cheese flavour which for me is a huge plus. The Frisco was a treat! The blueberries being just sweet enough to balance out the fantastic lemon curd that was almost cheesecake ish in its flavour. Along with the food being amazing the staff was very attentive and sweet. They really care about the product and the quality shows that.  I will definitely be back!
4	Ordered one sweet & one savory:-the monkey (added strawberries)-capreseReally hit the spot. :)Plus, they have cucumber & lemon flavored water.
5	I went to Crepe Expectations last week for a coworker outing for lunch. I had heard about this place, but I wasn't thrilled about the idea of a savory crepe. I was tempted to take the easy route, and go for something with bananas and nutella. I finally opted for The Grand Turk, which had turkey, cheese, guac, olives and tomatoes. I'm trying to think of a word to describe my experience with The Grand Turk, but I can't. I'll settle for incredible. The crepe was light, and almost melted in my mouth. The ingredients were fresh. It was probably one of the best crepes I have ever had, even without the nutella.The staff is friendly, the ambiance is great, and the prices are reasonable. There's really no reason why you shouldn't be eating here. Just sayin!
4	Great food, awesome atmosphere! I love local restaurants, and I definitely recommend this place! The crepes are really good - second best crepes I've eaten, but definitely the best I've had in Henderson. Its a little small, so it can get loud and crowded during peak hours like Saturday brunch.
5	I have a special place in my heart for their whole staff. They really get it. They really treat every single person that walks in like it is their family. They are warm, attentive, the food is amazing, they play the food network on tv's, or you can watch them make the crepes a screen they have set up. The place is beautifully decorated and the coffee is awesome. I can't say enough good things. There is normally a line unless you get there early. It is a wonderful place and it's so nice to see such a fantastic family/ group of people being awesome and successful. A must visit.
5	I was pleasently surprised. I haven't had good crepe in a while. The avalon was pretty amazing and not too heavy on the goat cheese. Somehow it was just the way I liked it. The environment is cute and quant (Even their bathrooms) The best part was the their service. The place is really small, but he staff will go out if their way to find a seat for you.I'll definitely be coming  back
4	Small, cafeteria style atmosphere. You order up front, get a number, line up in a hallway and wait for a table smashed against your neighbor. Very busy on the weekends, so it's hard to sit and enjoy with all the hustle and bustle. Very friendly staff helps their case. Lots of menu items to choose from. Portion size is decent. Somewhat pricey for brunch and no refill options for sodas (you get a can). Check it out if you're stopping by for a quick bite. Find another place if you're catching up with girlfriends on the weekend.
5	Simply Awesome!!!
5	I love this place! Dog friendly! Amazing staff, so friendly! Food is fantastic! This is a must go to!
5	This place does it all right. It has the feel of a quality independently owned, great food, great chef restaurant.Their crepes are amazing. No matter which category you go with you can't go wrong, as long as the fillings are what you're craving. The savory, the sweet and the breakfast items are all soooo good.My favorite is The Rosarito. The chorizo has such a fantastic flavor. Mix that with fresh avocado and eggs, I want one right now. The monkey and the nutty classic are also very good for you nutella fans. I love their specialty sodas and their flavored mimosas. I strongly recommend their flight of mimosa sampler. You get a healthy serving of each flavor and their all good!The service is excellent. The staff is very friendly even when the place is super busy.
5	Small quaint restaurant that is modern and trendy inside. Food was excellent and the staff mirrored the food in excellence! Pricing was very fair, my only complaint as I don't drink coffee is that there was not a fountain soda so my can was empty before my food got there. I will be going back for breakfast tomorrow morning as a matter of fact
5	Thank youYelp!  We stumbled on this while passing through Vegas.  It is WELL worth the effort to get off the freeway and stop in for a bite.We stopped in for breakfast, but some of their creeps would make a great lunch as well.
5	Celiac friendly!!! Went to lunch with my mom who has celiacs and is extremely gluten sensitive... Their gluten free batter taste good and is not dry. The only item not gluten free, is the Sonora because of the seasoning on the carne asada. Speaking of the Sonora, my personal favorite!! It is one item that I actually get cravings for which drives me to come back. All in all, through and through, this place rocks!!!
5	Love their Rosarito (Chorrizo,Guacamole,Pepper Jack Cheese). Their Pumpkin Spice Latte is even better then Starbucks, in fact all their Java's are AMAZING. You definitely can't go wrong with their Mimosa's too. Great friendly atmosphere.
5	Another wonderful place run by a small group of dedicated, hard working food lovers. The food is magnificent and was enjoyed by all, a definite change for breakfast. The only bad part was the noise! We had a table full of night shift working cocktail waitresses, card dealers, hookers or drug dealers (really was hard for me to tell which one or if there was some of all) who were extremely loud to the point of being obnoxious. They were obviously regulars so the owner didn't want to upset them and ask them to quiet down. Too bad they didn't take the hint of all the dirty looks other customers were shooting them.
5	Simply amazing does not even begin to describe the food / drinks / service! This place is unique and a beautiful hidden little secret....
4	My wife and I went there last week for breakfast.  First time there.  This is one of the best crepe places that we have eaten at. We have tried many places in Vegas,  Quebec, Montreals, Canada. Good selection for sweet creeps and regular breakfast and lunch style crepes. Saw the Greek salad crepes, and look so good. Friendly staffs, clean, and good selection of different water that you have to serve yourself. They put cucumber and lemon in a water pitcher that you can serve yourself. There were one more but does not remember. They are very busy on the weekends according to a staffer. There are line of people waiting. I gave a four instead of five, because you kind of have to serve yourself with water. Not sure if this a restaurant, restaurant or a Starbucks type. They bring you your food at the table. I tip like I would at a restaurant, but you have a server at the restaurant. This is not a big deal. We would come back, nd recommend to our friends.
5	By far one of my favorite places for breakfast. You may have to wait awhile for your food as it's a small restaurant and a small kitchen. However, I would wait a whole day if that's what it takes. Amazing Crepes... Wait no, phenomenal Crepes!! I met the owner Lou, who is a very cool guy. He's there daily and runs the place from open to close. I can't think of a better place when it comes to Crepes Expectations!!
5	Great for crepes! Kind of confused on how the seating worked at first. You seat yourself after you order at register.I Had the The Creplet it was great. So was Chelas Hot Chocolate. Good size portions couldn't finish mine.Will definitely be back soon.
5	Just the most amazing customer service. I believe the owner works the cash register on weekends and he's so personable, uses pet names for everyone and if it's packed (which it always is because the food is beyond delicious) then he will also keep an eye out for your party to seat you! I couldn't come up with a bad comment if I tried, thanks for the awesome meal and service guys :)
5	We had breakfast on a Wednesday at Crepe Expectations.  We arrived around 8:55 and waited outside for a few minutes before they opened.  The wife went with the Monterey, which has bacon, egg, peppers, tomato, cheese and onions.  I had the Sunday Morning (eggs, potatoes, cheese) and added bacon.  I'll be honest, I had no idea how big these things were, and I was worried we wouldn't have enough food.  So, we decided to get a William Tell to split.  Plus, we wanted to try one of the sweet ones.Well, I couldn't have been more wrong.  These things are HUGE, such a good value for what you get.  We brought nearly half of the wife's home, and that was with me eating some of it.  These come out very hot, which is appreciated.  No sitting around for these crepes, you get them fresh.  I loved mine with hot sauce.  Lots of cheese and crispy bacon.  I probably liked the wife's a little more, the veggies mixed with the eggs became basically like a salsa.  Again, there was a lot of cheese, which is a fantastic thing.  I think in the future I'll get the Monterey and add potatoes, that will probably be the perfect crepe.The William Tell was fantastic, basically a nice apple pie crepe.  Again, it was enormous, so we didn't finish it.  I loved the caramel and powdered sugar on top.  After we arrived and ordered, the place got crowded.  Every seat taken and a line out the door.  But, they seemed to get through the people pretty quickly.  This is a simple menu, but it's excellent.  I can't wait to return for lunch and try a few of the savory choices.
4	A month or so ago (yes late review), when my roommate suggested we go get brunch here, I was delighted by the prospect. Brunch is my favorite meal of the day! The crepes here are quite delicious, and they have screens so you can watch the crepes being made. Everything tasted really fresh. They have tons of variety, and lots of different drinks too. I got a freshly made strawberry lemonade and a Greek crepe. Everything tastes really fresh and clean, and like a high quality meal. The crepe was stuffed quite full, and by the time I was done eating, so was I.They also have a lot of different flavors of mimosas, and you can also get a sampler of mimosas and you can try three different flavors.My one complaint about this place is that it's small and a bit cramped. You order your food at the counter and then you get a number that you put at your table. Problem is, if there are no tables, there's not really a waiting area or anything...so it can get awkward.Regardless, I need to find an excuse to come back to this place.
5	SHOCKINGLY GOOD.  Took my boys here this morning after dropping mom off at the airport.   Had a wonderful meal that was served up not more than 8 minutes after we ordered even though it was busy!   We luckily snagged the seats right in front of the kitchen and the boys LOVED watching the crepes being made.    I can't recommend this place enough and we'll be back next weekend!
5	I wish I could live here. So cute. Good food. Lots of mimosas. In fact, I almost fell asleep after all the mimosas I had here.Came here one morning and was quite surprised at how cute and quaint this place was.  Kind of dark inside with frames and curtains on the wall. Decorated like you were in a country home versus a strip mall in Las Vegas.The man who took my order was very friendly and recommended various items as it was all our 1st times there. Funny thing is the 1st thing we ordered were the mimosa samplers. 3 samplers for each of us: guava, blood orange, watermelon, strawberry, grapefruit, coconut, pineapple, and 2 other flavors I can't recall. Each flavor was pretty good and infused well with the champagne. Problem was it was giving me the burps before I even got my meal. I'm more of into savory crepes kinda gal and the guy recommended the Sonora (asada steak) or the Pirate (albacore tuna) but, I was intrigued by their special of the day, Reuben crepe with the roast beef, sauerkraut, etc... UGH, it was like a sandwich...so. good!!!!! My sandwich, also, came with a chicken tortilla soup. LOVEd it. I'm pretty sure I could have just ordered that and be a happy camper. My friends ordered the Marco Polo breakfast crepe (sausage) and another special of the day that had chicken in it. I wish I knew the name as it was quite tasty. So, was the Marco Polo.This place is so great that I wish I could eat here everyday so I could try a new savory crepe. Exciting flavors! Can't wait to come back!
3	Been here a couple times and I have to say the dessert crepes are great! My favorite is the one w pear and goat cheese, perfect savory and sweet combination. I had the crepe with the Chorizo once and it was not good at all, tasted like hamburger meat. Stick with the dessert crepes! One more star off because the guy that took our order was a bit of a smart a$$ when we had some questions about the menu.
5	I'm somewhat of a crepe fanatic. This place has the most delicious crepes ever!. First off the decor and ambiance of this cute little restaurant is great! I came here with a friend for brunch and we both loved the decor. Secondly, the prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality of ingredients used for crepe making. I generally like dessert crepes better than savory. Their Nutella Hazelnut crepe definitely hits the spot. Lastly, the owners are super nice! they genuinely care about their customers. Every time I'm in the Vegas area, I make the extra effort to drive out and eat at this place. Totally worth the drive out.
4	Driven by this place many times and didn't even know it was there.  Its in a center with a lot of other restaurants.  Its a small location with probably 10 or so tables with a couple more outside.  The place was packed when we got there and this is where the process is a bit weird.  You need to check in with the cashier to put in your name down.  This is the same place you order as well but not until a table is ready.  Sort of a hybrid of the order and pay with open seating and the more traditional sit and then order from a server. Even though there are no servers  the staff roams the floor looking to help where possible.  The only part I didn't like is that waiting for tables is done in the hallway toward the back.  Not much can be done with that though because the place is pretty small.As for ambiance the location is cozy and has low lighting even during the day.  The crepe stations are up front and open so you can watch the chefs work their magic.  They've even got overhead camera view above so you can watch from the tables.  There are also 2 TVs on the walls which were showing football today which was a pleasant surprise.The service was friendly both at the cashier and the staff walking around.  The iced tea cups were pretty small which is always a disappointment for me because I drink a lot during the meal.  Fortunately the staff member that brought the tea must have sensed my mood because not only did he ask if we usually drink a lot of tea, when we replied yes he brought a full pitcher and left it at the table just for us. Even better there was plenty of ice in the pitcher so no concern of tea melting the ice in my glass (another pet peeve).On to the food.  I went breakfast with the rosarito which has chorizo, scrambled eggs, jack cheese and guacamole.  It was quite tasty.  Only thing missing was a bit of salsa on top (maybe some sour cream too).  Also came with either bananas or cottage cheese on the side.  I went with sliced bananas which were a good compliment to the savory crepe.  My wife had the little Italy which was pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomatoes basil sauce.  It was like a pizza in a crepe (thankfully she let me try it as I'll probably get that when I want lunch.) Her crepe came with fidejo soup which was like chicken noodle minis the chicken chunks.  Very good.We couldn't be pass up a chance for a dessert crepe so we split the monkey which has Nutella, bananas, chocolate, whip cream and we added strawberries.   This was definitely my favorite of the three. The portions are quite large so we couldn't eat everything. Probably could have split one savory and then the sweet. The crepes were all delicious and it was cool to watch the chefs make them to order too.  To round out the experience both the wait staff and the cashier thanked us for coming in and made sure to ask for us to come back soon.  The only reason I didn't do 5 stars was the somewhat awkward waiting in the narrow hallway.  I'm not sure there is much they can do about it though and it will definitely  not deter me from coming back again.Thanks for the great meal.
5	I lived in Vegas when this restaurant opened and went many, many times. Now I have moved to the east coast but I make sure to visit Crepe Expectations every time I am in town.  Their food is made to order, always perfect. And they have a really fun selection of flavors for their mimosa trio. I just wish they would expand so there was more seating available. hint hint!
5	Husband and I moved here a fewMonths ago and found this place near our home. We usually have a hard time finding a GREAT breakfast place. We are happy that we found Crepe Expectations. Not only is the staff friendly but as busy as this place gets they amaze me of how great of a service they provide to all their customers. The only "negative" thing is that is a bit small of a place. But I must say it is worth the wait (when waiting for a table).Hands down the best place around. And the food is delicious as well as the mimosas.
5	This is my first time trying this place and I'll definitely be back! The food is delicious and the portions are generous. Next time I'm bringing a friend and trying a mimosa.
3	So we drove across town to try this place out. We had 2 crepes a fresh squeezed OJ and a hot chocolate.The decor is nice and you can even watch them create your tasty creation of batter and sugary sweets on the monitor above the crepe station!First the hot chocolate came out. Soooo goood!!! Amazing and tasty!Then the OJ came out. It was definitely not fresh squeezed. Maybe due to the fact they were closing they would just rush the order and give me the juice from the jug. The lady at the register mentioned that they have fresh squeezed OJ or some from the jug so this lead me to believe they gave me juggy OJ. Not cool. I wasn't in the mood to create a hassle about it though.Then the crepes came out. The clucker was ok. It was good, but it didn't make me believe I was eating a crepe. It was bulky and the egg and meat just overpowered the actual crepe. You couldn't really enjoy it as a crepe. It was more of a a standard breakfast plate. The Elvis though! Oh man this was excellent! I added Nutella to it which made it even more epic!! If we just had this if give the place 4 stars! The bacon and banana and peanut butter and Nutella was just great! To top it off it was smothered in caramel! Sooooo gooood!! A must try! I'm giving this place 3 stars. The fresh squeezed orange juice wasn't great and the clucker wasn't our idea if a crepe. The hot chocolate and Elvis was great though. 2 out of 4. Not bad, not great. Everything was a bit pricey for what you got. But not gouging.
3	The soup came with the crepe was good, and the crepes are good too.  It's a good to try it there but I am not sure if I will go back since it's so out of the way.
3	This place is adorable. It's a little small, but it wasn't too hard to find somewhere to sit on a Saturday morning. The line was a little long, luckily it was warm enough to sit outside so it wasn't crowded inside. Since it was morning, I decided it was necessary to get a breakfast crepe and chose the RosaritaThe crepe: nice presentation, looked pretty full. I took my first bite and I thought I was in heaven, it was absolutely amazing. But the more I ate the crepe, I just got tired of it. The ingredients weren't distributed really well so the meat was just getting salty as the guacamole disappeared. I ended up not finishing my crepe because I just got really tired of the taste. It came with a side of bananas though, so it helped when the crepe got to be too much. I know everyone talks about the goat cheese, but I just couldn't bring myself to get it. Maybe I'll try it next time!The waitresses were pretty nice. The coffee is self-serve and it was out when I got it, but there was another waiting to be put out when I asked the waitress. That was a plus for me, considering no coffee would have just made me crankier. I enjoyed my experience, but it's not a place I think "omg I need that now"
4	Pretty great place to experience crepes whether you have a sweet tooth or something that will satisfy your hunger for something a little more. The restaurant itself is a bit dark, with outside seating available for enjoying the weather on a nice day. The service wasn't necessarily the greatest, the cashier wasn't too kind and seemed like he just wanted to get the order over with but hey if it gets the job done I guess it's not too bad. The kitchen area seemed to be a bit messy and unorganized but the food came out relatively quickly, and tasted great.
5	YUM. Prices are pretty good here considering the size of the meal! My friend and I got the Rosarito & the Clucker (daily special), but I also got to try the Greek. All were delicious! You get to choose from a variety of sides; soup, salad, bananas, & cottage cheese. Not only that, but service was fantastic. The gentleman on register was awesome at giving suggestions (if there's anything I hate, it's when the person suggesting says "everything is great". That either means you don't know or you haven't tasted any of them), but he was honest about what were some of his favorites and the crowd favorites. We were also checked on a few times to make sure everything was going well. Parking was easy since this restaurant is located in a pretty large strip mall. Would definitely return if in the area!
5	I looooove crepes and i love crepe expectations' crepes! They had a great selection of sweet and savory crepes! I got the Monkey one for the sweet and the Sonora for the savory. Both were delicious! I also love all the mimosa choices! Raspberry and Guava were really good. The ambiance of the place is fancier than what I expected but that's not a bad thing. The service was also great! Staff was super friendly. If I lived in Vegas, I would totally come more often!
5	I.  Love.  This.  Place.  Let me just say, the prices are comparable to some of the other local diner type spots that everyone told me were so delicious when I moved here but the quality of the food is VASTLY superior (apparently I'm too much of a snob to appreciate the typical greasy spoon fare).  Every time I go I get the Sunday Morning with bacon, which is a generous portion of cheese, eggs, seasoned potatoes, and bacon wrapped in a delicious crepe, typical diner breakfast fare but a thousand times better.  The flavors meld beautifully, the eggs are always done just right, and it never fails to make up for how busy this relatively small space can sometimes be.  The Sunday Morning comes with sliced bananas on the side, which I find I have no room to even eat unless I pace myself.  The coffee is delicious & fresh with free refills, and there is a choice of self-serve lemon or cucumber ice water free of charge.  Definitely recommended if you're in the mood for breakfast food!  Just be aware that if it's a weekend morning, you MAY have trouble finding a seat.
5	I decided to come here with a friend for breakfast since we were in the area running errands. In case you get lost, it's in the area between Einstein Bagels and Taj Palace.There was a line when we arrived, but it moved quickly. The inside is small, dark, but quaint. I ordered the La Jolla with soup as my side while my friend ordered the Berry Delight. We took our number stand to a table outside. A waiter came out to give us our drinks and it didn't take long for our food to arrive to our table.The food (and drinks) are a little pricey, but Crepe Expectations makes up for it by how huge the crepes are. I was pretty much full for most of the day off my La Jolla and soup. Not to mention both my La Jolla and my friend's Berry Delight were delicious. I ordered the La Jolla on a whim and it was a good, yummy choice.Once we had finished our plates, a waiter came outside to take our empty plates which was a pleasant surprised. These people are definitely on the ball.I'd definitely come back to Crepe Expectations to eat again. There's plenty of other choices on the menu that I want to try. Also, for those who cannot have gluten, all the crepes on the menu except the Sonara can be made with rice flour. All you have to do is ask when you order. Since I know someone who needs to eat gluten-free, that's pretty amazing.
4	Items Selected:The Elvis - Caramel, Banana, Peanut Butter, BaconThe Avalon - Buttered Pears, Goat Cheese, Candied Walnuts, HoneyThe Greek - Grilled Chicken, Spinach, Feta, Tzatziki Yogurt, Red Onion, TomatoAlready planning to be in the area early Saturday morning, finding a breakfast buddy would prove an easy task and trusting the Henderson local despite the truly lame "Yum" menu and "Have a crepe day" voicemail I walked into Crepe Expectations with an open mind; the result an hour of gregarious service, great conversation, and some truly Parisian quality crepes.  A bit of an odd space, dim lighting and dark wood beneath big screen televisions orders are placed at the counter and arriving just as the restaurant opened our order of three thin pancakes was expedited on the open kitchen's three stones with each arriving soft on the interior with the slightest browning adding textbook chew enveloping bold, balanced ingredients.  With prices a bit higher than the majority of creperies Stateside or abroad but service and ingredient quality equally elevated it was with a sweet, a savory, and a special that our morning passed and although my tastes veered toward the complexity of the Avalon it would be hard to argue against the Elvis or the Greek, the former pure decadence with added whipped cream and the later finding balance for the slightly oversalted chicken in the punchy yogurt.
5	Amazing crepes!!! I was not a huge crepe fan until I have eaten here. The crepes here are so soft and fluffy and the fillings are just impeccably put together. I love the Ruben crepe. Taste even better than some of the Ruben in New York. Thank you for making such delectable food!
4	cozy lil spot on eastern. Brunch n mimosas! Match it with your choice of crepes. reasonable prices plus they serve beers n wines !
5	I'm visiting Vegas and my girlfriends and I wanted a solid breakfast. This place is awesome. I got the Sunday morning and added bacon. It was more than enough and left me feeling great. Everyone who works here is very friendly and seems like a family owned place. I will def come here again.
4	I'm not a huge fan of crepes and this place didn't turn me into a crepe lover, but it was still good enough for me to come back if anyone wants crepes. The prices are decent, the service is okay, and the selection is vast. We had the Rosarito - good chorizo, a nice blend of salty and slighty spicy - and the Monkey one - nothing can go wrong with nutella!! The crepes were soft and spongy and best of all, didn't taste like flour! We also had the mimosas, one raspberry and one blood orange - the raspberry wasn't bad, the blood orange didn't really taste like blood orange, just cough syrupy champagne. Not too bad, not too bad at all!
5	This place is amazing.  Had the pirate and shared a mimosa trio with my gf while her daughter had the monkey.  Great food, wonderful staff, and awesome environment.  I love this place.
3	Nothing fancy for the price. Crepes are tasty I will say that but a bit small again, for the price. They need to update their seating arrangement and change the lighting. It's way too dark.
5	This place is amazing. Great food and great service...and their home made salsa is delicious....
5	Savory, Sweet, Caffeinated drinks?!Three things to just tickle my fancies and by fancies I mean my tummy. The Rosarito consisted of a chorizo based crepe with salsa The Monkey with bananas as the sweet and lots of whipped cream on the side. My line of vision was eyeing the Vanilla Latte, but was redirected to the "specialty" lattes board where we ordered two lattes which we forgot the names of, but definitely did its job ;]We also ordered orange juice which was a nice sweet and was not too tangy or sour. Wonderful service, has TVs for sports, and has outside seating as well.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place!  The staff are super nice and the crepes are great!  The Monterrey is by far my favorite...we have made this place our weekend breakfast spot!
4	I was definitely skeptical about going to this restaurant only because I figured crapes were more of a sweet snack then an actual meal but I am totally just delighted with the food here I had the Greek and it was delicious it was nice and savory and it was a really big so you get a lot for your money and the service was great friendly and helpful
5	Excellent! Service was great! The crepes, are authentic French style, and delicious. The mimosa sampler is a must!!! Three mimosas for 10$. The only drawbacks, seating is limited (outside seating is available and goes quick), I would have liked to been able to make my own crepe (I was told to ask and they will make it) we will see, and they close early. Although when you hear why they close early, it makes it a bonus not a drawback. This is a great place! A great locals place, that makes you feel special, and is unique. I will be back.
5	Delicious crepes and great selection. The mimosa trio was excellent as well, especially the passion fruit mimosa. Very friendly and helpful staff. My husband had a savory crepe and I had a sweet crepe, we were both very pleased. We sat at the bar area and although the ladies cooking were very busy they smiled the whole time and let us know when they were preparing our food. Great experience, we will definitely return soon.
4	Love the place, but it was way too small.. Sample mimosa, was good for the price several flavor to choose from.
4	The wait on weekends is worth it! You can always get a 30 min foot massage near by or check out the Made in USA store before your brunch! ;)
4	So delicious! The food is always amazing, just wish it was a little bigger.  The wait can be a bit much at times.
5	i caught myself scraping my plate  the berry delight: strawberries, blueberries and blackberries with whipped cream & powdered sugar wasn't as sweet as i thought it'd be; perfect brunch meal; the Marco Polo: Italian sausage, eggs & jack cheese w/ cottage cheese on the side was sooooo good; the Monterey: bacon, eggs, tomatoes, red onions, jack cheese & peppers was very yummy
5	My wife ordered the Ana Banana foster and I order the Sonora... both were extremely good. I would definitely come bacm here to try more crepe.
5	Very fresh, tasty food had the carne sada crepe friggin awesome! Owner introduced himself, car show out front bonus afterwords. A over the counter camera allows you to view your food being created right in front of your eyes. Nice huh? Fresh squeezed juice, self serve coffee, great service as well-kind of a coffee house atmosphere which is fine outside dinning as well. So y'all come and giver a try
5	I totally recommend this place! I had a breakfast crepe and it was yummi!! I also had a mimosa sampler, loved it! My favorite was the pineapple one. The staff is super friendly! My friends liked the place too!!
5	All I have to say is THE BEST CREPES in Vegas!!! The owners are super cool and the guy is funny. The wife makes the crepes and she even let me take a picture. I got the monkey and added strawberries. I CANT wait to go back !!! The hubby and I loooooved it!!  I'd give this place a 10 stars vs 5 : ) Everything on the menu is deeee-lish!
5	My mom and I visited this restaurant after reading amazing reviews on yelp and we loved everything about this place! The employees were so friendly, and the food was amazing. I ordered the Greek crepe and my mom ordered the berry crepe and we loved both dishes.  The trio of mimosas were amazing too! They also have cucumber water which was also delicious. Great place for lunch!
4	Love the options love the staff... Great ambiance!
5	Everybody that works here are very friendly. Any crepe you choose is very good, the one I like is "The Elvis"(it has peanut butter, bacon, banana, caramel on top with home made whip cream on the side) but you really can't go wrong with this place!
5	The crepes were freshly prepared perfectly. I highly recommend getting there early on the weekends or plan to wait a few minutes for a table. Indoor and outdoor seating available. Located in a strip mall so parking is easy. PROS: The variety of savory and sweet crepes.             The service - the owner is available and working there              The Berry Delight crepeCONS: Gets super busy on the weekends so prepare to wait if you arrive at prime time.
3	#changed seating system #owners please readThis review 6 months ago would have been 5 stars. The food is fantastic! I have been coming here with my girlfriends every weekend or every other since it opened and I have to write a review in hopes that the owners read this about how horrible their customer service has gone down. I only took away 2 STARS for the service/atmosphere.The porters/servers are still wonderful and hustle to make sure everyone is happy and has hot food, but the standing in line to give your name and be crammed in a hallway to sit is horrible. The owner who runs the register is yelling out names and barking orders to the staff in every direction it's hard to enjoy the atmosphere. Let's no reinvent the wheel here let's get a host stand and a server to take the orders and call it a day. The Panera bread table number system clearly is not working any longer since the popularity boom, so I hope this review is taken as constructive, because I want to enjoy my Crepe place again!
5	Delicous food and fun atmosphere. I love this place! I've been here a few times now and it is great every time. You get to watch your crepes being made on television right in front of you! Great added feature.
5	Another place that focuses on one thing (crepes) and does it very well. Watching the make the crepes adds to the anticipation.  The prep area is clean and organized and the employees are cheerful, creating a good atmosphere.  You can have an elite breakfast for $10, if you like crepes and don't add alcohol. The flavors are inventive. I have yet to try all the types but I am working on it. For the really cost conscious, they have lemon or cucumber flavored ice water available.
5	So good! Great service, great food, great patio seating. I had the Sonora crepe and loved it! Also, the Ana bananas foster was awesome.
5	Oh how I love Crepe expectations. Every time I walk in I am greeted like I am a part of a family and we have known each other for years. The owner, Lou, is an awesome guy. The first time I came in we had a a long conversation about the food industry and he gave me great advice. The creeps are always DELICIOUS and I love that you can watch them be made right in front of you. This place is always packed when I'm here and service is always fast and exceptional. I seriously recommend this place for all your crepe cravings! Currently eating: The Sonora (carne asada, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, and jack cheese) I have had a few of the sweet yum and they were all amazing.
5	This place was 100% amazing. Came on a whim on the way out of town, owner greeted us & gave recommendations. I had The Reuben, and do not regret it. Toward the end thought there may have been too much meat but I switched plates with a friend and balanced it out with some blueberry-lemon flavor (equally delicious). My only regret: not getting the mimosa sampler! Next time. Fast & friendly service, clean restaurant.
5	Yum! Such a fun lunch/brunch spot. Delicious food, great variety of mimosas. Love it :)
5	Great food great service
4	The wait on the weekends can be a bit longer, but the crepes are worth it!  I highly recommend the Sunday Morning and the Monkey.
1	Well, I was going to this place at least once a month with my boyfriend and it was delicious, so I suggested it to a female friend of mine as a good spot to grab brunch together. I won't be going back. The... Owner, I believe? Just incessantly called us "baby" and "doll" and "sweetheart" and "honey" etc as we ordered, which was a little overwhelming/patronizing (we are both nearly 30) but I put up with it. My friend went to get coffee from the coffee bar, and I sat down at the table. When she came over to sit she said to me "WOW I'll take a side of harassment with my crepes, huh? That's... Old school!" I agreed that being called all those pet names was a bit disconcerting, at which point she told me he had actually come up behind her with the coffee refill and put his arm around her while telling her "atta girl" as she filled up her coffee. I apologized profusely and explained that I never had this treatment when visiting with my boyfriend, and I will NOT be returning.
5	My husband found Crepe Expectations on Yelp when planning a surprise Vegas trip for my birthday. We were only in town for two days, and ended up there both days! Delicious food, super friendly and hard working staff. I'm usually a die hard for visiting Bouchon when we are in town for breakfast, and CE didn't make me miss it at all. The Monkey with added strawberries was outrageous and worth every calorie. We will definitely be back every time we visit. Thanks for quickly making us feel like part of the family!
5	Omg, the food is so good here! This place has become my after hair appointment lunch.
5	Amazing food and very personable service!!! They definitely get busy on the weekends but it's totally worth it even with a wait.  The berry delight is unbelievable...fresh berries and homemade whipped cream.  Their homemade salsa is excellent as well.
5	Fabulous! We are from out of town and my husband and I wanted crepes but wanted somewhere off the strip. I found this place on Yelp and we couldn't be happier! I had a sweet crepe and my hubby had a savory breakfast crepe and we split half and half. They were both DELISH!! The place was constantly busy, so be prepared...you may have to wait for an inside table or sit outside. The staff is so friendly...we will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas.
5	Delicious and absolutely amazing food! the mimosa's were also amazing and so many flavors to choose from.  I can't wait to go back!The place is really small so go early or expect a little bit of a wait.
4	Went there today for Sunday brunch. Arrived 10am. You go to the register if there is a table available they will take your order. If not you have to wait for an available table before they will take your order. Wait was only 5-10mins. Once you order they give you a number to take to your assigned table. There is a wide selection of savory and sweet crepes. They also have mimosas, wine and beer. Price is very reasonable. Crepes were excellent. Service was decent. Don't expect fine dining service. It's more like a deli style of service. Overall very cute little place that has great food if you love crepes. Will definitely come back!
5	I wish there were more stars because 5 doesn't seem like enough! We tried 8 different crepes on our 2 day visit to Vegas! We even extended our rental car a few extra hours so we could drive out here again. Only about 10 minutes from the strip and worth the drive!
5	Absolutely amazing. The crepes are made fresh with all of the ingredients made in house. Everyone is friendly and helpful.
3	I loved this place when I first tried it but I hated the second time and I've never been back. I would have given them 4 stars the first time and 2 stars after the 2nd visit. (I can't give them 5 stars because of the mimosas) My strongly complaint is that the food was inconsistent. The flavors were great the first time and poorly done the second time. I even tried the same dish and it didn't taste the right even though the ingredients seemed the same.  They seemed to vary the amount added to the crepe. For me personally, the mimosa suck. I couldn't drink the trio. It's filled with artificial flavors and if you like that... it's perfect. I expected fresh juices but that's not their fault. I think you just need to be aware of it so you can decide if it's what you want. Prices are very reasonable but they seem disorganized and need a better system for seating. They did a great job with attention to detail... The water is flavored nicely and the worked very hard on the menu. It has potential but I was very turned off with the second visit.  I hope to come back but for now I will wait until it improves.
5	Amazing food. Best creeps I've ever had. Definitely worth the visit.  The fresh squeezed juices are great as well.
5	After having a stessful morning I decided to go get a good meal. As oon as I walked in the staff was VERY welcoming and friendly. They absolutely turned my day around, and not to mention the crepes were DELICIOUS! I ate the berry delight and added Nutella (I'm a Nutella addict) and it was perfect. Great portions as well. I will definitely be going back soon!
5	Oh my gosh...I seriously can't say enough good things about this place! People are incredibly friendly, the food is delicious, and the prices are great! I got the Sunday Morning crepe with cottage cheese and it was so good that I decided to get a dessert crepe as well and ordered The Avalon. My belly is stuffed and I'm a happy camper. I live on the complete other side of town, but will absolutely be back to eat here. Great food with a warm atmosphere can't be beat.
5	Best place for brunch in Anthem by far. It's a little pricey, but the William Tell and a Mango Mimosa is more than worth it.
5	Okay hands down favorite food place in the entire world!  It is more than heaven in your mouth! So many different flavors! I go to school right by it and go there everyday during my lunch break and is the best ! I recommend everyone to try and and they fall in love !
5	OEmGee. Delicious! Great atmosphere! Delicious food! Mimosas are magical. Service is phenomenal. Had the Sonora and an a peach mimosa. Yummo! Lemon and cucumber Water for free. Fidel soup. Yes please! Can't wait to eat there next weekend!
5	Love this place, it's very cute and small but has the option for outdoor seating.  Today was windy so we decided to eat indoors, the turnover is pretty quick since all they're serving is pretty much crepes which don't take too long to prepare.  We ordered a strawberry and mango mimosa, veggie patch crepe and the nutty classic crepe.  While waiting you can watch on the tv screen your crepe being prepared in real time.  I was thinking my Nutella crepe would be super sweet so I helped myself to the cucumber water (they also had lemon water) while we were waiting.  The crepe actually wasn't that sweet at all, overall I enjoyed the food, the infused water and the quaint dining room, our cashier was also really nice and knowledgeable which made our entire experience here great.  We will return and try more crepes!  They have about 13 varieties of mimosas and they serve beer!
5	The Elvis special is one of the greatest creations ever! And I love the large coffee cups. Really nice, modern and classy design inside. Small and cozy. Insanely friendly, attentive staff and the owner is often right here to anticipate your every need. Even when you order coffee here, they offer to give you a to go cup, which is nice.
5	So many choices of mimosas to choose from! Passion fruit and strawberry was yummy! Tuna crepe was delicious. Service was excellent.
5	Do not go here on a Sunday during lunch time it is absolutely PACKED! A friend and I had to wait in line in the back where the bathrooms are for 20-25 minutes. The wait wasn't that bad! The deliciousness of the monkey crepe I got made up for it. Along with the awesome friendly people that worked there. There mimosas are great. The mango mimosa I tried was wonderful along with the mango fresh squeezed lemonade of the day I tried, was very refreshing. I think they should really expand! Because it gets really full in there. The booths, seats, and tables are pretty close to each other so you can pretty much here the conversation of the family of four next to you. The seats are super comfortable though which is a plus.  It was a little hard for me to find since my GPS was telling me to turn on Hardin a street that didn't even exist. So I called in and it's a machine that talks to you but the operator successfully gave me directions. It's in the big plaza where BJ'S is.
5	Best crepes I've ever had :DI'm not a big crepe eater but I always seem to love them. I am especially fond of sweet crepes with fresh fruits inside and whip-cream on top.Visited this place on a whim since I was staying close by in Henderson at the Green Valley Ranch.  Ordered a lunch crepe with turkey and avocado and a dessert crepe with lots of berries and an extra side of bananas.  Everything was delicious and I will definitely come here again! I'm giving them five stars because BOTH of the crepes were outstanding and that usually doesn't happen.  Usually one crepe is better than the other but both of these crepes were delicious and fulfilling!They had some outdoor seating and I heard good things about the mimosas but didn't try one, sadly.
5	I am a sucker for restaurants, which cook the food right in front of you. Crepe Expectations is located in a busy plaza on Easter, this is the most competitive area for restaurants. However, they do manage to offer something unique for the area. I have had crepes before, but it wasn't at a restaurant that specialized in making crepes. I got two crepes to try out two different flavors; savory and sweet.Savory CrepeI asked for their suggestion on their savory crepe that had some spice to it. They recommended The Sonora, which is essentially a carne asada taco with guacamole. However, the crepe has an interesting texture, where the pores will absorb all the juices and when you eat the crepe you can taste all the flavor at once. I could taste the salty meat juices and guacamole flavors just in the crepe. Meat was very tender and the meal did come with a side salad with balsamic vinaigrette dressing.Sweet CrepeI also go their sweet crepe to taste, and I was more impressed with their sweet crepe then their  savory crepe. The Ana banana foster, crepe had carmely sweet sauced drenched on top and with in the crepe that was full of bananas. They gave whipped creme to go on top. The flavors were amazing, if you like bananas then you are going to enjoy a rich buttery/banana flavors that just ooze out of this crepe.I am definitely coming back for more, the prices are reasonable ($7-9/crepe). Parking can be an issue during their busy hours.
5	Great place!! Ate here everyday while on vacation! We like the Sonora and the Monkey with my wife.
4	I love the Sunday Morning! Potatoes and cheese in a crepe. Plus a great selection of flavored mimosas.
5	Can't wait to come back! This was a great Yelp search! Savory and Sweet! Delish!! I had The Monkey- Nutella, 'nuff said! My boyfriend had The Sonora- carne asada, guac, salsita! Oh man!
4	The service was awesome and the food was very delicious!! Highly recommended!! The only reason i gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because my silverware was dirty and had chocolate on it other than that everything else was really great.
4	such a cute little restaurant! the crepes we're amazing as well. I got the Greek, it tasted very light and refreshing. my bf got the Sonora, and I'll have to admit I was a bit jealous because his was a little better than mine. we also shared the Ana banana foster crepe and that was THE BEST! I could only give them 4 out of 5 stars because one of our knives were dirty. but besides the dirty knife, I think we'd be back again :)
4	Delish food. I ordered the crepe that had chorizo, egg and potato in it.  It was served with sliced bananas on the side.  Everything was amazing!  Portion size is great too! One crepe is definitely enough food for two people.  :)  Definitely will be going back!
5	The best crepes in town!! Try the strawberry or cherry mimosa. The service is excellent and you can have just about any type of crepe possible. Get off the strip and eat here!!
5	I'm not going to be redundant with pictures or descriptions of our delicious crepes.  Let me just say that it is worth a drive from the strip and I consider it a bargain for the quality and yumminess.  The owner was VERY friendly and made it a point to visit with every patron.  It was a really outstanding visit and I will be going back when in Vegas again!
5	I am so glad that we traveled quite a distance from the strip to enjoy this adorable place. My husband and I were both in the mood for some fresh delicious crepes and had zero desire to walk to the Paris hotel and casino. I looked up crepes on Yelp and was really impressed with the 4.5 star rating. This is an adorable little place nestled in a strip center with a ton of other restaurants. They have a nice little seating area outside, the interior isn't too big. We ordered the Monterrey breakfast crepe with bacon, eggs, peppers, cheese and chilies, the Crepelete with Swiss, eggs and thick smoked ham and the Monkey with Nutella, sliced bananas, whip cream and chocolate drizzle. Each crepe was totally different and delicious. They were generous with the fillings and  given a healthy dose of cheese. The Monkey was super good and went perfectly with the other crepes and my coffee. They have a camera over the crepe griddles so you can see them make each order. The eggs are even made to order, no scoop out of a warmer here. They offer fresh cucumber and lemon water to drink along with a variety of mimosas, beers, soft drinks and coffee. There is even a mimosa flight! I highly recommend this place! Even more so because you are getting quality food without the Strip price tag. Totally worth the drive and you get to see another side of Vegas while you are at it.
5	We have been here several times and the food is always delicious! Everyone there is always so friendly and amazing!! Definitely continue to go back!
4	Oh the particular morning I went they were insanely busy. I felt claustrophobic in the packed restaurant and placing an order was a task. The way the restaurant is set up you order and pay in the front and then they seat you. The crepe was great and I would go back on a week day to try the place out again. I wouldn't recommend this place if you have a large party or if you want a relaxing breakfast atmosphere. The outdoor seating is great and on a less busy day I'd probably give the place 5.
5	Arrived during lunch hour and the place was packed. Good crowd does not always guarantee quality but this time it turned out to be the case. We started with crepes from the savory menu, I thoroughly enjoyed The Caprese while my boyfriend had The Grand Turk, also perfectly executed. For desert we chose The Monkey with added strawberries. Yum. It did for sure cured our sweet tooth. We also ordered the mimosa trio sampler. From the mango, pomegranate and passion fruit, the mango was my personal favorite but all of them were refreshing and tasted good.Good food, excellent service, very clean. Thumbs up.
5	Totally not what I expected to walk into, much better than my expectations. A cute, cozy little spot with a few tables, some counter space, and some tables outside as well. What we ordered: The Caprese, The Sunday Morning, The Avalon, a vanilla latte and a cafe caramel. Starting with the coffee: excellent! And only $3.75 for a large mug, it was delicious. Now the crepes: the pesto on the Caprese was wonderful, so much flavor. I don't eat chicken but my friend said it was flavorful and high quality. The Sunday Morning was egg, cheese, and seasoned potatoes, everything I love about breakfast wrapped up in a perfectly cooked crepe. The Avalon was sugared pears, candied walnuts, honey and goat cheese. Simply amazing. If you don't like goat cheese, I don't like you! :) The service was wonderful. We could tell the owner was walking around, greeting tables, making sure everyone was happy, and everyone definitely was! I'll be back to try more fantastic crepes soon!
5	We are not local but we found this place for brunch on Yelp, so glad we did!Their menu is extensive with different kinds of crepes. From savory to sweet. We ordered one from the breakfast crepe category and one from the sweet, as a dessert.Rosarito (from the breakfast menu but is served all day):STUFFING has chorizo, scrambled egg, guacamole, and jack cheese in it. Generous amount of chorizo but NOT GREASY! Loved it, flavorful too... the crepe wrap itself has the best consistency, not too dry and not too soggy.Nutty Classic:STUFFING nutella, fresh hazelnuts, whipped cream, sliced banana. Who doesn't like nutella and hazelnuts? With the sliced banana and yummy wrap, they can't make it a more perfect sweet crepe!They also have mimosa trio sampler, I tried water melon, pomegranate, passion fruit, blood orange, white peach, and blackberry... my personal favorite was the water melon.
5	Best crepes I ever had. And very friendly service. Their hand squeeze lemonades are awesome as well and come with a refill.
5	Excellent gluten free crepes and the service is always great here. We eat here every time we come to Vegas since we discovered it a few months ago.
5	Love this place! My wife and I eat there at least a couple times month. Wish it could be more! Family owned and great food and service
5	Holy crepe the 4.5 stars are very accurate for this establishment The .5 star deduction is for short hours ..closing at 3 in Vegas is lameAlso don't bring 5 bucks in here expecting anything more thanFree cucumber water Now for the greatness of CE  They have a big variety of sweet and savory crepesI had the monkey and the Elvis both on pointIt's also a great little morning date spot to pretend youAre sophisticated If there is a better crepe in Vegas Please let me know For right now CE holds the crown
5	My family and I were visiting the Vegas area and wanted some delicious breakfast. This did not disappoint. The owner takes pride in his work and it shows through the fantastic food that he served. Everything was made to order and reasonably priced. I would definitely go there again.
5	We brought some guests here from Switzerland and one of them said it was the best crepe she ever had. I'm inclined to agree. I'm working my way through the entire menu and I've loved them all. Go with something sweet or savory; you won't be disappointed.
5	This is a hidden gem in henderson.  There is nothing bad I can say about this place.  The place is tiny and cozy.  The customer service was the best.  The gentleman who helped us (as it was our first time there) was very kind and useful.  He talked us through the menu and suggested some crepes.  I had the special pulled pork crepe and it was absolutely amazing.  The sodas are really good there as well, and by far my favorite thing was their cole slaw with bits of blue cheese.  It was fantastic.  I hope to return very often.  Now one of my favorite places for breakfast and lunch.
5	I have been craving good crepes randomly for a couple months and was told this place was great.  We also wanted somewhere that was dog friendly and had patio seating. Came on a Saturday morning and it was amazing. I can say the service and staff were top notch! So helpful and down to earth. What looked to be maybe the owner is the one greeting you and very helpful with everything. The food was fresh and delicious! The entire atmosphere of the place was feel good. Tons of (well behaved) dogs with owners sitting on the front patio enjoying a beautiful Saturday morning. Very satisfied customer.
4	Delightfully buttery crepes are had with a well selected combination of sweet or savory options. I have to give praise for a good menu which is often difficult for a crepe place. The usual sin is to offer so many choices it takes ten minutes to file through the selections, some times you even find burgers and sandwiches interlaced among the crepes. No burgers here thankfully, just about ten options for both sweet and savory crepes each ingredient combination well selected. There is the elephant in the room, that is the room itself. While not wholly untasteful it will make most heterosexual males squirm. Man up though because this has the potential to be the best date spot for a budding relationship. Show her you can embrace feminity for a tasty crepe!
5	Food was great, very laid back enviroment. Everyone is super nice. Im visiting from san diego and as soon as i walked i felt like i was a regular.
4	The crepes themselves are really delicious.  I had the Monterey Crepe and I would definitely recommend it.  Will try a dessert crepe next time for sure.  I'll downside was how disorganized the seating process was as well as the wait time.  Worth the wait though.
5	I grew up eating home made crepes && was super excited to find this hidden treasure. I've been every morning for the past 4 days and can't get enough!! Great customer service and of course delicious crepes and drinks.The only down side is the fact that they close at 3pm and the wait can be a bit long at times. They should def. expand the inside as well just because the sitting area is a bit clustered.. aside from  you'll be happy you stopped in!
5	I met the male half of the tag team ownership and he was awesome with all capitals. The wait staff was great as well. Usually when I try a place out for the 1st time, I order appetizers, but I ordered the bread pudding and the hard and cheese crepe. That bread pudding was stupendous and the crepe was yummy as well. It's a busy place, order ahead people!!
5	I absolutely adore this place! The crepes are delicious and the customer service is excellent!  I've never had a bad crepe at Crepe Expectations, but I do have a couple of favorites. I suggest "The La Jolla" for a Savory Crepe. It's like a BLT with guacamole and a tasty chipotle mayo spead. I always add turkey and I highly recommend it! For a sweet crepe, I'm addicted to "The Avalon". This one has pears, goat cheese, candied walnuts and honey. They offer different fun flavors of mimosas and you can order a trio to taste a few. The coffee is excellent! I always get a White Mocha and in the warmer months get it iced. Yum yum yum!   This place is family owned and everyone there is very kind. It's an order at the counter joint, they give you a number, you pick a table and they bring your food out to you. However, weekends are quite busy and you have to put your name down on wait list for table. They always have refreshing Cucumber and Lemon water out while you wait.Enjoy!
5	Love love love this place. A very friendly environment. Almost makes you feel like family. The food is great and you can find something that you will enjoy on their menu.
4	Cute little crepe diner; Love that it is locally owned, clean, friendly, yummy and thriving! Best location near Anthem locale. It's nice they have gluten free and vegetarian crepes to accommodate. I always get The Little Italy crepe, yummy every visit. The dessert crepes are awesome. Very affordable too.The diner is on the small side, it gets crowded easily, so large groups will wait awhile. They have a few tables outside, however just wish the outside would have shade and misters as the restaurant faces west.
5	My favorite place to eat in Vegas! My favorite is the Greek Crepe and I like to add pesto:)  cappuccinos are delish and so are the mimosas!  Its all Yummy! Great family owned Restaurant and serviceIs a thumbs up.A must try.
5	I love crepes! And this place offers a variety of delicious crepes from sweet to savory, breakfast and lunch. I usually get the Monterey, which includes eggs, cheese, bacon, serrano peppers, tomatoes, and onions. And if one is not enough I also get the Berry Delight, a wonderful mix of strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries with fresh whipped cream. What's really cool, being a champagne drinker, is that they have all kinds of mimosa flavors. But the reason why I keep coming back is the service. Not only is their menu delicious, but the staff is always friendly. Needless to say, this place gets 5 stars from me.
4	Great crepes!! You can watch them make them because they have cameras that do a bird's eye view of the process.The seating is weird. If you go on the weekend when it would busy, you have to go to the counter and let them know how many people you have, and they won't take your order until you're seated, which has its pros and cons. The owner is usually working the register and he's awesome - he'll make great recommendations based on what you like or are in the mood for and he's really personable.Only four stars because when it's busy, it's a bit of a long wait. That being said, DEFINITELY worth it!
4	This has been a spot we have been meaning to try for several months. We decided to go ob a Monday as Sunday's are very busy. When we walked in I was surprised as to how small the inside was. There are several seats outside and fortunately its west facing so morning sun would not be an issue. I had the Charizo Crepe. I was surprised of how full the packed this full of Charizo and eggs and cheese. I personally am not a crepe person but these were quite delicious. My have  made a new fan. Ones I have had in past lacked flavor and were doughy. These were thin and had great flavor. Service was quick. I wish they had fountain drinks as I wanted soda with my meal and its a one 12 ounce can serving. It would be great if one day they could expand so more people could enjoy at one time. Best way I suppose is to get food to go and take home and relax after a very filling Crepe. I will go again, and I recommend If you have not tried it to go and do so.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. The crepes and services are excellent. I am impressed on how they can keep up the quality of the food and service given how busy they can be. You should be prepared to wait on a long line. But trust me, it will be worth the wait. BOTH savory and sweet crepes are EXCELLENT. You can't go wrong.
5	Get the Avalon. The goat cheese on top of the sweet apples and candies walnuts was amazing. 5 stars. Been to Vegas twice on vacation and had to come back both times.
5	Best quality ingredients! This is not just dessert crepes. You can order all different types of meal crepes as well. The service is the best. This is a family run business so you should certainly try it! Try the watermelon juice it's GOOD! Also bring your appetite because u will be full!
5	It was delicious. The variety of sweet and savory crepes was a great size and the selection of mimosas was even better. I went for brunch with my family and all ordered different things. I ordered the crapese which was fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and pesto with the option to add chicken (I didn't). It was the perfect size and so fresh and delicious. The pomegranate mimosa was also perfection. I wish I had realized that they offered a trio mimosa sampler for about the same price so could of tried some of the other flavors. Overall my family and I where really blown away by how delicious everything was. We also happened to meet the owner who really seemed to love what he was doing. I expect in a couple of months they will probably have to move to a bigger location because of how busy it seemed. Cannot wait to go again!
5	Literally the best Crepe place in town. The people are very nice and always go out of their way to help you. They have sweet, savory, and breakfast crepes. I always bring my out of town guests here.
5	Walked in on a whim with a friend of mine. We were drawn in by the crowd of people dining outside. My friend was skeptical when he realized that the only thing on the menu was crepes. He had never had one, and was doubtful he would like it.While we were discussing possibly leaving for somewhere else, the gentleman behind the counter started walking us through the ordering process by asking us things like "sweet or savory? Spicy or mild? breakfast or lunch?" until he had the perfect, individualized combo of ingredients to go into the crepe. No backing out now!We swung by the condiment station to grab some of the lemon and cucumber infused water, and then went outside to sit down.Food arrived, and was absolutely wonderful. Hot, flavorful, large servings. Crepes come with either banana or cottage cheese, which were both also delicious. I had a spicy chorizo crepe, and it was cheesy and meaty , with just the right amount of spice. Prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food. I will absolutely visit again.
5	So yummy! All of the food we ordered was great. I ordered the Caprese, with chicken and a side of soup. My girls had a Monday and a Perfect Combination. Everything was fresh. The fruit was sweet and perfectly ripe. The staff was friendly and seemed to be happy to be working. A great atmosphere. We will absolutely visit again. :)
4	This place was pretty decent.  We waitied for some friends to arrive so it gave us some time to go over the menu.  I got a crepe with bananas, nutella, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and added strawberries.  It was good other then the chocolate really over powering the flavors.  I would get the chocolate sauce on the side.  The boyfriend got the crepe with apples and a caramel sauce and it was good.  My friend got the one with carne asada, it was good.  I work in restaurants, and its nice to see when places get busy.One of the girls was walking around asking all the tables how everything was, cleaning tables, and it seemed like she paid attention to her guest.  I over heard her talking to the table infront of us and remember they came in for the last few days, wished them safe travels and said hope to see you guys when you come back.  What was cool was there was cameras right above the crepe stations so you can see the whole process.  Coffee wasnt great, strawberry lemonade was super sweet, and it was a bit warm inside.  Seemed like there was a lot of locals that dine in. I will come back if im back in Nevada.
5	We've been coming for about a year an are never disappointed. They really go out of their way to make you happy, and the food is always awesome!
5	My goodness, crepes, where have you been all my life?! This place is so amazing that my boyfriend and I almost make it a point to have our biweekend ritual here.  First off, the staff is just stellar! They are always so friendly and accommodating and are quick to make some helpful suggestions and recommendations.  Next, the crepes themselves.  I've tried probably 3 different crepes now and 2 dessert crepes-- all super good and just all around delicious!  I haven't been when it's super busy from gauging the other reviews.  But what do you expect from great food?  Of course it's gonna be busy!!! I suggest coming after 1:30pm if you're late risers like we are to let the rush pass.  Happy dining! :)
5	Great food. Can't go wrong with any of the choices. Mimosa sampler perfect for 1 or to share. Nice shaded patio. We always bring our dog.
5	We love this place and go when ever we can I cant say enough about how much we are in love with the food drinks and more I walk in and all ways get a warm smile and full tummy Jenn makes me my crepe she is the best too bad she dose not have the chocolate pizza she made us when we where little thank you Jenn and Luie for making us yummy food when we come in Elijah
5	The wait was LONG, but I wasn't in a big hurry so it wasn't a big deal. Got the Rosarita, which is chorizo egg guacamole and jack cheese and it was delicious. Great selection of drinks including many different flavor mimosas, wines, beers. I went with the fresh berry lemonade and was very happy with it. If you've got time to wait during brunch hours on the weekend, it's a great place to eat. Definitely would recommend to others.
5	We stopped in while wrapping up our Vegas portion of our road trip. These crepes are to die for. I had the Monkey; Nutella, bananas and added strawberries YUMMY! My husband and son had a savory crepe and said they were truly exceptional. My youngest (3 years old) was a little cranky and tired from the previous day and was being a bit picky. The lady making the crepes made him a cheese only crepe at his request just to make him happy. Sitting at the crepe bar area (not sure what the exact name is) was fun to watch her work. She talked with us and made the experience that much more amazing. Everyone one there was super friendly.Defiantly worth to stop!
5	This is a must stop breakfast place when you visit Vegas.  There were some really unique combinations for their crepes.  I chose the savory route, the Rosarito was a spicy, yet tasty way to start the day, with a guava juice to balance it out.  The other members of the crew chose the sweet route, bananas foster and the monkey crepes...also very tasty.  Definitely worth a try!Staff was very friendly, helpful with the menu and very attentive.
2	I had heard such great things about Crepe Expectations and was disappointed with our experience.We went for brunch on Sunday which might have been the first mistake. It was packed, and there is no place to stand during your wait except outside in the heat. It didn't take too long to get seated, but then we had to share one table with 2 other parties which wasn't ideal and kind of awkward.After we had ordered, it took about 15 minutes for them to bring my husband's diet coke to the table. And you have to go get the water yourself with paper cups. On top of that, it is so full in the tiny location that you bump into a few people just to get to the water.The worst part is how terribly hot the location is in the summer. People were fanning themselves waiting for food and we were sweating. The staff said that the grills are so hot and the door keeps opening and closing because of the patio that they cannot keep it cool even after having someone check the AC a few times. I guess there is nothing that can be done about it in this location, but it's kind of miserable.Overall, the food was really good and reasonably priced. But we were so hot, we couldn't even sit there and enjoy it because we just wanted to get to the air conditioning. I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon. I can find good food somewhere where there is air conditioning and we have our own table.
5	Good crepes and good service I wish they are open later than 3 it's Vegas !!!! I alway recommend friend and family here and IThey never disappointed
5	Super impressed!! Great food and they have tons of homemade drinks. Really cool and different. I enjoyed "the clucker", a sausage and chicken filled crepe.. could only finish half, so come hungry. We live in boulder city, and wish this place was in boulder city, but we will definitely be back again. If you haven't been yet....Go.
3	This place was alright. Overrated for sure. The place is real small so we had to wait before we got a table. Once we got a table, we had to go up, order our food and pay first. After we did that, we got some water and went back to our table where we proceeded to wait over half an hour before we got our 2 dishes. The first few bites tasted good and after that it was just meh. My bf's dish didn't look to appetizing, almost like they did it so sloppily on purpose. My dish was quite dry for a chorizo crepe. i did enjoy the bananas though! lol. There were also huge flies inside the restaurant because the doors were constantly being opened and closed so that was annoying. I don't think we will come back here to eat, esp being that it's so expensive.
5	My goto locale for a great breakfast with my wife.  Friendly staff, food is delicious and well priced.  Calm, casual atmosphere with a low hum of chatter and kitchen utensils.  Two large screen TV's if that's your thing. Seating outside, and never waited more than 20 minutes for food, even when the tables were full.  A Las Vegas gem.
4	I would go back.  It was easy to order and the menu is small enough that it is not difficult to choose what sounds good or not.I liked the free cucumber or lemon water.We got one savory crepe and two dessert.  The portions were decent but not enough to share.  Service was great.Small place and not good for groups.
5	Excellent food and service. We had an amazing meal and will go back. I had the veggie patch crape which was filled with great zucchini, mushrooms, and onions. It was amazing!!!  I highly recommend eating here. I would suggest going during the week because they are packed on the weekend.
5	Excellent! Good find in Vegas off the strip. Went twice on our recent trip. Wonderful service and the food was great.
3	Food is delicious but not sure if I'm ok with the 30 minute wait for a one crepe order.
4	This is a wonderful place to grab breakfast or brunch. Yes, it is a busy joint during the morning hours but it is worth the wait! I tried the crepe filled with fresh berries and it was delicious. Crepe Expectations exceeded mine.
5	OMG, best crepes in Las Vegas! The atmosphere, service and food is truly phenomenal! Prices are great too! Do your palette a favor and make this place a regular stop!
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Not only is it overrated, but over priced and run by the most rude people. My first mistake was going on a Saturday. My girlfriend say the overwhelming, yet over zealous, reviews on Yelp and wanted to go. Upon entering we realized they were packed! We waited in line for a while with a family behind us that we made small talk with. We got to the counter and that's when it started, our horrible experience. It's a Crepe place, right? Well, anyone who has had crepes before knows they are not very filling. Seeing their menu, I was confused as to whether or not they had a full crepe meal. Second mistake: asking the owner/chef a question. The owner was running the cash register when we went to place our order and I asked a simple question: "Do the crepes come in a meal?" Seems like a simple question to which there should be a simple answer, nope. The reply I got was "I don't understand your question. I have stuffed crepes..." So I asked again, this time I explained myself. I wanted a meal, with eggs, bacon, hashbrowns...something other than one, thin crepe. The reply I got was much worse the second time around. He asked, " What does it say on the menu? Read it to me." And that's when my jaw hit the floor. Did this a**hole just ask me if I could read?! Did he just insult me for entering his establishment?! Am I going to jail for putting this mans face on a hot skillet?! In disbelief, I ordered a number one and did not walk out like I wanted to. My girlfriend wanted to stay and continue our nice (until now) Saturday. We ordered two crepes and a mimosa flight. The bill came to over thirty dollars! I not only paid for NOTHING but paid to be insulted. Then it took 45 minutes to get our food. The meal was only two crepes and watered down mimosa's. We were hungry within an hour after eating and pissed that we had to wait so long.  Not worth it. The family that had ordered behind us were still waiting for their food when we left. This place might be trendy, and have neat decor, but it's small, doesn't have A/C (IN VEGAS!!), and is very over priced. Don't bother.
1	Menu looked good and place was crowded. We were told there was a 20 minute wait for a table but told we were in line for to-go so we waited 10 minutes to in line to order to-go. When we finally got to the front, we were told there was a 30 minute wait for to-go orders. Would have been nice if we were told that to begin with. Decided to leave.
5	I absolutely love this place ! I would have never thought of some of the crepes they make. The chorizo is my favorite. I also can't resist getting a mimosa trio sampler every time I go - they have a ton of different juices to choose from !
4	There savory crepes are awesome. I enjoyed my chipotle crepe
5	I ordered the banana fosters crepe, my husband got the Monterey, kids got the peanut butter & jelly and the Sunday morning. We all ended up sharing all the crepes and they are all awesome. The mimosa trios are great to find the perfect mimosa you like. The hubby and I both lived the strawberry mimosa and had to order the full size. Overall a great experience, great food, and the staff are awesome. I don't really give 5 stars, but definitely this is a five star.
4	What a great place! Crepe Expectations is the perfect brunch spot. It's in a huge strip mall. You might even miss it snuggled up against other shops. The word Crepe stands out and your eye will immediately see the outside tables set under canopies.  It was my mother-in-laws birthday and I knew she would love this place. We placed our orders with the chef. I ordered the Rosarito. My mom-in-law had the Monterey. The other people in my group went with the Ana Bananas Foster. I love that with the savory crepes you can pick from bananas or cottage cheese. Since you pay and then pick your seat we were going to sit outside, but bees started bothering us so we moved inside. Which was great because you can watch the chef on a flat screen tv make your crepes. I really loved that feature. Our crepes came out and were so pretty and even better tasty! My Rosarito had spicy chorizo, guacamole, eggs and cheese. What a great combo. The crepe itself is light and the perfect vessel for just about anything. My mom-in-law really enjoyed hers as well. (Yay!) As for Crepe Expectations drinks. Get the mimosa sampler! It's three glasses of champagne with your choice of juices! For only $10! I loved the cherry juice. It's a wonderful combo with any of the crepes.I love this place. Except for the bees. Watch out if you choose to sit outside. On the weekends it gets packed so be prepared to wait, but it's so worth it. Another great place! I must credit my fellow Yelper Jessie B for clueing me in to this place. Yum, crepes!
5	One of the first places I recommend in Las Vegas. Great food combinations and flavors, friendly staff and dedicated owner with a true love for his hometown, and delicious flavored mimosas. Give it a try and I'm sure you'll be pleased.
1	The food is great but the workers here must not have a certain structure to follow. You would assume first come FIRST SERVED. That is not the case here. We have been sitting for 15 minutes just to receive apple juice for my daughter and sister. Definitely love the food but for the amount of time you spend waiting is just not worth it in my book. Especially with an antsy 3 year old it's almost not worth the money. I could have had a nice crepe whipped up over at IHOP for half the price and half the wait time. Put my order in at 11:22 and it is now 11:45. This is just one wait that is a bit too far stretched for meI will only come back if this place gets more staff on hand to deal with crowds big and small. Actually Upon waiting 30 minutes(luckily my mom called so I have the call log to prove my wait time) the owner and server show nothing but disrespect. My daughter finished her apple juice in the waiting period. I noticed other patrons that arrived after me already finished and walking out. If you make a mistake and forget a customer, do your best to make it right. Not argue. If you don't have customers, you don't have a job to go to. Thanks for refilling my daughters juice, it's not like I asked you to comp my meal. Especially for a fresh cooked meal, a smile or some respect to your patrons would be nice. One thing I did not like at all was them arguing with me over the damn juice. He had the nerve to shout in front of everyone"There's always that one person that wants everything for free"When did the words free or give me anything come out of my mouth. Never. So you just lost a patron. Hopefully more people will see true colors of this place and realize there's much better breakfast/brunch spots in town. Disrespecting a woman is one thing, but to do it in front of a room full of people is another. I wish him a better day. Maybe a career choice as well.
2	I've been a customer for 4+ years, I first came here and loved it under the previous owner. The food is great, and I do think it's a good value if you do not buy all the overpriced beverages. I think the new (current) owner thinks pretty highly of himself-he spent like 15 minutes talking to me at my table (on a non busy day, 2 yrs ago) about how he is a real chef and was going to add menu items, etc. I think that's great (no new notable items have been added since original owner tho), but bottom-line, if you can't care for your loyal customers, in a timely manner, you will ultimately lose your customers.I visited yesterday, a Tuesday, and arrived/placed my order 9:40 am. I waited 25 minutes to receive my order. The party that ordered after me got their order about 7-10 minutes before me. The couple that ordered before me received their food in less than 15 mins. I had to ask where my order was. The cashier who took my order said she would have to check. It came about 5 minutes after my asking. I ask the person who delivered it, what the delay was. She said they were just really backed up. I asked why the party who ordered after me already had and well on their way to eating half their plates. She said she would need to check. She came back and said it was because they ordered sweet (vs. savory crepe). Not a great reason IMO. And no apology for my wait of 25 minutes for a crepe!, on a Tuesday morning, with only one party ordering in front of my order. Seems really unreasonable. After being a loyal customer for years, I will not return. I will need to find another great crepe place in the Valley that values their customers.
5	This is one of my current favorite places in Vegas for breakfast/brunch/lunch. Everyone who works here is so sweet, attentive, and enthusiastic about helping customers. It's clear that every detail is addressed, from the way the owner talks with customers about where they'd prefer to sit (and then chats about their favorite items!), to the little bowl of sea salt hand scrub in the bathroom, to the cucumber- and lemon-flavored water. The crepes themselves remind me of the ones in France- very light, fluffy, slightly crispy at the edges, buttery, absolute perfection. I usually order the Caprese (tomato, mozzarella (the good kind), homemade pesto, and you can add chicken which I do), and then share a sweet crepe, like the Nutella with bananas and hazelnuts. The whipped cream must be homemade because it tastes incredibly fresh, light and fluffy, and isn't overly sweet or artificial-tasting. The iced tea sometimes takes a few extra minutes to come out, but it is worth it for a delicious cup of fresh-brewed tea poured over ice! The service isn't SUPER fast as this isn't a huge chain, everything is made fresh when you order it, and it is definitely a popular place, but it is prompt, efficient, and always friendly. And personally I'm not one to rush through brunch, so waiting 15 minutes for a fresh, delicious crepe doesn't bother me at all. A definite must for brunch in Vegas!
1	I've been kicked out of this place at 2:45 now about 3 or 4 times.   Th r y close at 3, but everyone is rushing out of the door at 2:45.   If your open till 3pm, serve till 3pm.   Your plans after work are not your customers concerns.   Also the AC has been broken all summer there.   So if you like sweating into your breakfast and being asked to leave while they are open, this is your spot.
5	Great friendly staff with excellent tasting food. I like how the tv shows the food being prepared. Free wifi makes it great for a business meeting as well. My favorite is the nutella crepe. Great for a saturday/sunday w outdoor seating. Highly recommend it
5	Love this place! Tried it for the first time and it was so good!! I got the Avalon, buttered pears, goat cheese and candied walnuts. My husband tried the Elvis, peanut butter, bananas, bacon and (extra) caramel. I also tried their lattes. She made a combo of pumpkin and caramel, it was delicious! Going back for sure.
5	The crepes were great. Workers were very friendly and welcoming they were kind enough to explain the ordering process and the specials of the day. the restaurant was very clean and well decorated. I would eat here again and recommend people who love crepes that are visiting vegas. they also have dessert type, lunch type and breakfast type of crepes so the selection in satisfactory.
4	Great food , very cute restaurant. I had the bananas foster and Monterey creeps which were both delicious. Fresh watermelon juice was excellent . They also have a variety of flavored mimosas which looked good but didn't get a chance to try. Only problem was the service was a little slow. Would definitely come back here .
5	Love the watermelon juice.. good strong coffee.. amazing crepes. Nice and friendly service. Will be back. Nice to see local business thriving well!
5	Not only is the food FABULOUS, but the people who work here are extremely friendly. Possibly some of the best service I've ever had.
3	Not a big fan of crepes but these were pretty good. Next time I won't order the Nutella crepe for the filling tasted more like chocolate syrup than hazelnut chocolate spread. I love how the management keeps this place very clean!
5	This place needs to expand already. I have been at this place for a few years and now they are continually busy. Some things you need to know: -You pay the cashier and then sit where you want with your number. Sometimes they get so busy they will seat you based on inside/outside preference. -Breakfast usually comes with a side of bananas or cottage cheeseLunch savory crepes come with salad or soup. -Free cucumber or lemon water -Fun little origami collection you can add to on register-They advertise specials on the side. Make sure you try them. Everything that I have tried has been very good. Sometimes I don't like the guac inside so I will ask for just sliced avocados. The staff is always very friendly. I think people just get confused with tipping cause its not a full waiter service restaurant. They should consider expanding soon and being a full on restaurant instead of ordering in the front. Decor and style is cutesy and people love their mimosas.
5	Love this place. Yummy crepes, very nice staff with a very friendly owner.
5	I found this spot on yelp. Me and my wife went there for breakfast. I couldn't believe how busy they were. It lived up to the 5-star reviews. Met and talked to the owner (very nice guy). Crepes are incredible. A little bit of a drive but well worth it. Will be back.
5	Amazing wait staff, amazing hospitality. Mike the greeter was an an awesome person to talk to. The ruben, the monkey, the Monterey was all very delicious. This is a must try place whether you're an out of towner lookin to get great food before you leave or live in the area. Plus, they've got a patio. Cheers!
2	Had a breakfast crepe, just ok. The chorizo seemed like spiced hamburger meat which was a bit strange. The fresh squeezed oj tasted as if it was concentrate. Cost was high for drinks, latte and oj, considering quality.I think this place shines for its desert crepes. Try one of those, stay away from the breakfast crepes.
5	Main reason you come here is for crepes, right? Well this establishment indeed hits the spot, my mom is the reason I had been looking for a crepe spot and I'm glad I did look because this place made me love crepes.... These crepes were not crap, in fact they were scrumptious and savory, hot to the taste, fresh and fluffy, decently sized, and the place is clean everyone that works there has a smile and is checking that all is well, I even added my own origami to the collection! I love the fact that you can see when they're making your food since I'm such a germaphobic I'm happy that I can see the process and how clean it is kept.  Yes you pay when you come in and then find a spot.  I like to come early, like 9:00 in the morning when they open because if you come later it's usually packed, but well worth the wait if you have the time.  Bottom line, this is the spot for crepes, breakfast crepes, lunch crepes desert crepes, pretty much anytime crepes. Did I mention I love crepes? Well only crepe expectations crepes.  And the wine stuff is cool too.
5	I'll keep it short and sweet... Crepe Expectations exceeded my expectations. I had the Monterrey Crepe which was absolutely delicious. My friend had the Crepelet (ham and cheese) which was also delicious. To top it off the service was fab!  Will definitely be returning.
4	This place will embarrass French crepe lovers as this gentleman has bested their cuisine. Think i am kidding? Go and give it a whirl. You will be amazed at the deliciousness.
5	This place is great to have a weekend brunch with the family. Staff is great and very helpful With there menu I would definitely return again!
5	Not only is the food amazing but the service is also exceptional. I have been going to this restaurant since it opened and they have never stopped providing 5 star service even when they are lined up out the door. The food and people are worth the wait. I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	Lou is larger than life whose crepes equal the creperie in paris. Dickens would approve
5	I have been to Crepe Expectation about 5 times now and every time is as good as the last. Everyone who works here is committed to guest service. Super friendly and accommodating.  The crepes are amazing! I've probably tried 7 different crepes and they were all excellent. My favorite is "The Clucker". It's not a normal menu item but they have it as a special quite often. The only downside of Crepe Expectations is on the weekends they are absolutely slammed. I really hope they expand because we need more restaurants like this one!
5	Firstly, the ambience is cool, it's busy, bustling and people are clearly having a good time and enjoying their food. The man behind the counter, was the owner and he was extremely polite, I hate to keep saying cool but that is more descriptive. Very kind, accommodating and wanting you to enjoy his experience. The food was unlike anything I've had in a crepe. Check out pictures. Where do you get chorizo and eggs in a crepe with homemade salsa? And where do you get a flight of mimosas with different fresh juices? This place is one of a kind and my wife and I absolutely loved it. If you are ever around, give it a try. I'm seriously doubt you'll regret it.
5	So delicious! I recommend getting two bc there's just that good and when they're busy there's a line!!
5	The La Jolla is my favorite! The staff here is really great. Seriously one of my favorite spots for brunch!!!
3	Crepes were large, price point was good for serving size. One crepe is plenty for one person. Lots of options to choose from, both savory and sweet. Owner was very friendly and service was fast. Crepes were good, but not amazing. Everything was fine, but would I go back if in Las Vegas? probably not. It seems like everyone in our party (7 adults) were all a little underwhelmed and said their crepes were good, but not great. My husband and I Ordered 3 so we could try a couple: Sonora (carne asada, guac, salsa, cheese) - good, spicy; Perfect Combination (strawberries, chocolate) - just okay, strawberries were dry and crepe seemed a little underdone; Monkey (bananas, Nutella) - best of the three, really good, but rich and a little heavy on the Nutella (and I LOVE Nutella, so that's saying something).
5	We had the Ana bananas Foster and the William Tell. Both were huge and yummy! I wish we would have had our lunch here as well since the savory crepes looked equally amazing. Worth the short drive off the strip.
5	5 Stars. So well deserved. They have things together. Amazing selection and wonderful tasting food. Amazing ambiance and a friendly staff.
3	Bun and I were never able to make it here before closing.. but last week we were!We stopped by around 1pm and it was a full house. There's a couple tables outside for outdoor dining available but since it was windy we decided to stick with sitting in the inside. This place is a fast casual type of restaurant - no waiter service and you pay when you order and then servers bring you the food. Self-serve iced cucumber water and lemon water are available too.  Bun got the La Jolla (popular among Yelpers) and I got the Caprese. Total was about $14-$15, per crepe is at least $7.50. Both crepes were good but nothing outstanding or extraordinary. The La Jolla comes with the chipotle sauce while the Caprese comes with a Pesto. It's a light breakfast where it'll fill you up if it's the first thing you eat. Unfortunately though, I think all the ingredients for the crepe are all easy ingredients you could probably make it yourself at home - tomato, lettuce, mozzarella cheese. The presentation was pretty basic too - folding it in half then the corners in (I assume having corners faced on the plate would look better but that's just my opinion)The soup that comes with the crepe, what I think it taste like - top ramen soup powder mixed with water. that's not to say it taste bad because it didn't, but that's just what I can compare its taste to. While sitting at the bar, Bun and I got to see crepes being made - I understand it's delicate and it was weird because there was one employee who tore every other crepe she was making hahaI know 3 stars seem really low but I guess with all 5 star ratings, I expected more. But don't get me wrong, I will be back.
5	What a cool little place! My husband and I went here for the first time this morning and LOVED it! We had the Rosarito which had chorizo, guacamole, cheese and eggs and the Frisco with fresh blueberries, homemade lemon curd and homemade whipped cream and the mimosa trio of guava, passion fruit and blood orange. This was definitely one of the best breakfasts we've had in town. The prices were great, the atmosphere is cool and the food is superb. Mike was so nice and sat and talked to us for a long time (all while taking care of every customer that came in). This place is a breakfast home run.
5	Starting from Friday I believe that they have a BBQ crepe special until its sold out, which is the winner for me.  Its filled with tender BBQ meat and a side of coleslaw.  Nutella crepe is also my favorite sweet one.   Great spot, crepes are consistent, owners super friendly.
5	Very nice place!   Loved the Rosarito, the Monterey, and the Marco Polo crepes.   I will definitely need to come try the other selections.
5	The staff is has always been pleasant and service is great. Love the cozy ambiance of the restaurant interior and the front patio is awesome for dining on those warm sunny days. They offer complimentary cucumber or lemon water and the food is wonderful.  With both savory and sweet options, this is a great little local spot for breakfast,  brunch or lunch.
5	The food,service and mimosas where on point like always. Mike made sure I our experience was exceptional! They should rename the place Lou-Exceptional!
1	I went there with a friend on Sunday. We opted to sit outside and enjoy the fresh air and beautiful day. After sitting there enjoying good conversation and tasty crepes, the staff come outside and pull in tables and chairs. A short while later they start tearing down the canopy that was providing shade. Mind you, we haven't finished eating yet. Those canopies I'm sure are full of dust and we are still eating. A few minutes later we are asked if we are finished. We clearly are not because their is still food on our plates. A few minutes after that a grey hair'd man comes out and informs my friend she has 8 minutes to finish her food because they close at 3 sharp. Just when you think you've experienced the worst, out comes this big burly guy and tells both my friend and I "Your time's up." I will NEVER... Did I spell that right? Just so there is no confusion... I WILL NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER VISIT THIS ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN NOR WILL I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE! I cannot stand rude customer service. I have family in the food and service industry and you NEVER ask a paying customer to leave!!!
5	First time here and we'll definitely be back! Excellent crepes (both sweet and savory). Lou and the staff treated us wonderfully.  Watching the crepes being made (camera over the griddles) is fun too. They have an excellent system- great food; reasonable prices, nice staff and quick service.
4	Needed a breakfast date somewhere cool and different.  We chose Crepe Expectations because the reviews were consistently good, and the place lived up to the... expectations!  This place was pretty busy for a Sunday morning.  Everyone working here was super friendly and smiley.  I liked that their menu had lots of fresh ingredients in most of their crepes.  I ended up going with the Rosarito because I rarely turn down chorizo haha.  My friend got some kind of Nutella crepe (how can you really go wrong?), and her little girl got one with strawberries and some chocolate in it.  I loved that mine came with fresh sliced banana on the side!  Everything was really good.  We'd come back for sure.
5	Ah so good!!!Had the berry delight: lots of various berries, thin crispy crepe and whipped cream...yammy!Friendly staff, nice atmosphere.Good spot!
5	I wish they had a bigger venue! Love their crepes, especially the avalon and i always get a mimosa trio sampler when i go for Sunday brunch.
