5	Parc du Mont-Royal (or Mount Royal if you prefer) is a lovely oasis of scenic greenery just north of downtown Montreal.  History buffs might be interested to know that it was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted, the very same guy who also designed Central Park in Manhattan.  And this FLO guy had some serious park designing game!  As an American who was priveledged enough to live near Montreal for about 6 years, I can say that it's shocking just how FEW tourists that journey to Montreal make it up to the Park.  Maybe it's because it's a bit of an effort, (it is a small mountain afterall) but it's an effort well worth it and rich in payoff.  If you've never been to the top of Mont Royal on a hot summers night, then in my opinion you've missed out on a pivotal and wonderful piece of the Montreal experience.  You get a gorgeous view of the entire city with the St. Lawrence river draped around it in the background.  And dont even get me started about how beautiful it is in the fall with all the foliage and turning leaves.  On a nice clear night, I doubt there could be many places more romantic in the entire city.
5	This is perhaps one of my favorite places in Montreal. I love climbing the mountain, starting off by McGill University and then up to the top for the panoramic view.One can see for miles and miles on a clear day, just breathtaking. Fall foliage is the best time in my opinion.It can be a hearty climb for the young or even a frail elder can walk up the long "s" shaped  road to the top.C'est Bon!
5	I have such great memories from this park.  I spent a good part of my youth in Montreal and sadly do not live there now, but try to get up there as often as possible.  My grandparents took me there tobogganing, I went there with friends to hang out and explore.  It is a magical part of Montreal -- from its peak to its base.This is such a wonderful -- and huge (101 hectare or nearly 250 acres) -- park with so much to see and do.  Everything from hiking, biking, skating, skiing, etc.  I have climbed up the mountain and walked all along its trails and never get bored of it.And don't forget about the views from the parking area at the top of the peak -- the BEST views of this wonderful city are here night and day.  You can also start a small hike from here to the lighted cross at the top of the moutain.Oh . . . and for those of you with religous or historical curiousity, there is also the 100+ year old St. Joseph's Oratory where supposedly 1,000's were healed there throughout the years.  There are thousands on crutches on display which are supposed to have come from those who were healed there.  Very moving place to visit -- even if you are not Catholic.  (and shhhhh . . . don't tell anyone, but my cousin and I used to shoot off caps from the top balcony overlooking the parking area.)  And it is gorgeous to look at in the evening when it is all lit up -- I used to love standing in our living room window before going to bed and seeing that lovely church all lit up -- especially in the winter time.To sum it up, there is SO much to do in this oasis of a park which is in the heart of the city.  Montreal would not be the city that is without the beauty of this park.  So no matter what time of year you are there visiting -- or if you are lucky enough to be living there -- don't overlook Mount Royal, as there is something to see and do everywhere you turn.  Or if you don't want to do anything at all, there is so much open space to just sit and relax.There is always something going on there -- much like Central Park in NY -- to check out the happenings at Mount Royal, check them here: http://www.lemontroyal.qc.ca/index2.html
5	Mount Royal has some of the most spectacular views in Montreal itself. You can see for miles and miles. There is a large walking part too, I was suprized by the amount of walkers / hikers and jaywalkers even! It has an observation tower as well as a cemetary. This had some of the best preserved 'green' in Montreal that I saw. I would stropngly recomend anyone visiting to check it out at least once.
5	oh!  you can finally yelp internationally?  well, even if it's just canada, it's better than nothing.  Korea can't be far behind!anyway, gosh this park brings back memories of times past.  i loved walking through mcgill and then up the hill!  can't wait to visit again!
5	I love Mont-Royal.  Big time.Easy hike up, relaxing, quiet...Sigh.
5	As has been noted, the best views of Montreal are to be had from Mount Royal, and for good reason: not only does it look out over all of downtown and the St. Lawrence, but its peak is at about the same height as many of Montreal's bigger office buildings. When you go up to Kondiaronk Belvedere, the main lookout area, don't miss the little brass sights on the edge, which point out all the major landmarks.Another nice thing about Mount Royal is its accessibility; the walk up the winding road isn't too taxing, but if you want to get up faster, and don't mind a bit of a workout, there are a series of stairs that go right up the slope. It's an excellent place to go for a walk if you live off Parc or in the McGill ghetto, all year round.
5	Quite a hike to the top, but what a beautiful view. The park was pristine and gorgeous. We spent some time relaxing by the small lake and admiring the stone sculptures.
5	Stair Master!Mont Royal is a really nice park with wide trails and great views. You can hike to the top relatively quickly if you take the stairs... a must see stop for tourists. Don't be discouraged by the mountain, it's really not that bad. There's even a big building at the top with bathrooms, banquet hall, and store.Tips: Stretch before hitting those steps!
5	You're a Sunday Pothead that enjoys African rythms? You're an upcomming athlete training hard and want to run in a safe Envrionment? You're a family with a car but no money to spend looking for a nice place so kids can enjoy a place to run and have a nice pique-nique? You're simply an amateur of Nature? Well Parc Mont-Royal  is the place for you. An extrordinary panorama of Montreal, It's definietly a Must see in Montreal.  For people who's affraid it might look like a place everybody climbs, the local public transportation takes you up there. If you do have a car, there's a lot of Parking too.
5	This is a great place to go in Montreal. The view of the city is spectacular. The park and flowers are really beautiful. After you're done, you can have a drink and some lunch at the restaurant in the park. What's better than that?
4	My friend and I took a nice hike up to the lookout in Parc du Mont Royal.  It was a bit confusing because we didn't exactly know where we were going, but we asked for directions and figured it out.  If you start from the main entrance on the east side of the park, you walk up to the main road, take a left onto the road, and follow it up.  There were a lot of shortcuts over the switchbacks but I didn't really want to get lost, so I didn't take any of them.As people have mentioned, the main entrance was filled with drummers (?).  Everyone tries to be hip in Montreal.  The lookout area was nice and there's a building up there and some plaques pointing out the various sights of Montreal.  There's also higher ground at the real summit, but we didn't have time to go there.  On our way back to the main entrance, we encountered a bunch of people dressed in medieval gear, battling each other.  It was pretty cool.  They divided up into two groups.  Someone signaled the beginning of the battle and they charged each other with padded swords and shields.  Typical rules: if you're hit on the arm or leg, it's disabled.  Everyone keeps fighting until one army is completely disabled.  There were some archers, too, but foam tipped arrows didn't seem very effective as they didn't fly far or straight.  I thought it was funny how the 10 year old kids hung at the back of the army and tried to rush in for a few quick flurries.
5	Designed by Frederick Law Olmstead (the same guy who designed NYC's Central Park), this park is located on Mont Royal (the "mountain" that gives Montreal its' name).  It's made up of a walking and biking trails that wind their way through trees, a small pond, a chalet and belvedere with awesome views of Montreal's cityscape, a lighted cross that can seen all over the city, the Oratoire St-Joseph (a shrine known for its miracles), and the early city cemeteries.   Probably the most visited place in the park is the chalet and its' belvedere with absolutely the best views of downtown Montreal, the St. Lawrence river valley and the mountains beyond. (If you only have an hour to take in the park, this is the thing to do.)  But I also enjoyed the rest of the park too, particularly the Oratoire and the George-Etienne Cartier monument with its' Tam-Tam drummers. The Oratoire is gorgeous and gives free guided tours but check the website for more information.The park covers about 500 acres, so be prepared to walk everywhere.  There also is the height factor and the top of Mont-Royal is about 700 feet (about 290 m) and the grade is steep.  To go straight up to the chalet, there are stairs from the downtown entrance on rue Peel...a lot of them.  You can take a more leisurely route to the chalet by following the walking paths with its' signs but that route takes much longer.  Luckily, the park signs will direct you everywhere, but it's still nice to have a map of the park or to at least have read up on it.   Don't care to walk the park? You can rent a city bike or you can get a horse-drawn carriage (and in the wintertime, a sleigh) to take you around the park.  There are also a few city buses that stop at the cemeteries.  The buses and carriages cost and there are several carriage companies in different locations to choose from so it's best to check the internet for this. To hoof it on your own two feet, the park is free. It's really nice to bring a picnic lunch to enjoy.  The only bathrooms I found were at the chalet and the only amenities' stand (except for the occasional public drinking fountain) was also at the chalet.  The shortest way to access the park is from the rue Peel Metro Station (if walking) or the Guy-Concordia Metro station (if taking the bus to the cemeteries), but you can also use the Mont-Royal Metro stop to access the northwest corner of the park  (but it's a much longer hike).  I wound my way on foot through the park and saw everything in a little under 4 hours.An absolute must for anyone who likes nature or panoramic views.
5	Gotta gotta gotta come here on a Sunday afternoon around 1p. Around this time they have something called the "Tam Tam", this is where a bunch of strangers come to play their drums and make their own music. All you have to do is listen out for the drums and that will take you to the "Tam Tam".The park is also filled with people doing activities such as tight roping, hackysack, music, old war fighting with plastic swords, etc... Besides all of the activities you can take a mile and a half walk to the top of the park there you will get a great view of Downtown Montreal. Keep in mind the walk might get a bit tiresome. Park is also a nice place to take your bike and go for a stroll as there are lot of trails to visit.
3	Other reviewer says that this park was designed by the same person who designed NYC's central park. I went to PDMR not knowing it. My first impression? I felt I was in Quebec's central park. And now I know I was right to say that. It's all too beautiful  !!!!!
4	If you plan on walking all the way to the top My advice: wear sweat wicking fabric and sneakers Just a fore warning,But other than that Its a beautiful scenery once you get to the top lovely view at night especially the enormous cross.
3	Nice view. Great to see the city light. Well worth the drive up just to see.
5	Its a great place to get some fresh air and also a view of the city of Montreal.
4	I love this place. Beautiful view of the city during the day and at night.
5	On our recent trip to Montreal I was lucky enough to be able to run here almost everyday during our week long stay. This park is amazing. Beautiful views, clean grounds, lots of families out enjoying nature and their surroundings. I took my family there as welland they loved it! If you can, rent a paddle boat and enjoy a leisurely ride around Beaver Lake. At $10. CAD for 30 minutes it was a bargain. My daughter loved it. Theres so much to see and enjoy here and it's free. I was one of the highlights of this beautiful city.
5	beautiful park.  could spend days there.  beware of bugs.
5	Every Sunday there is a giant drum circle, with dancing hippies and dozens of craft vendors.  The park is huge, but this event, called the Tam Tams (English translation: drum drums, basically), takes place right off Parc avenue cross street Rachel (Rachel doesn't cross Parc at this point, but if it did, it would hit the Tams).  Look for a big monument with a winged angel on the top, and you're there.  You can take the 80 bus from downtown, or you can jump on a BIXI and ride there.  There are two BIXI stands near the Tams, one directly across the street and another at Parc and Mont Royal.  They are often full, but they turn quickly, so just wait it out.  You can get a free 15 minutes if the stand is full, just poke the dispenser machine.The Tams are amazing, and very family friendly, too.  There are dogs, hippies, girls in bikinis, young people, old people, Rastas, acrobats, jugglers.Near the Tams, but further in, away from the road, something absolutely bug-nuts awesome happens.  People gather on a dirt battle field and wallop each other with medieval weapons covered in foam.  Some of them are dressed in pretty impressive battle armor.  They take it very serious, and oh man is it a great thing to watch.  If you've never seen this go down, check it out for sure.So, Sunday on the mountain.  There's no place I'd rather be, full stop.
5	For those of you familiar with the makeshift drum/rhythm sessions at UC Berkeley's Sproul Plaza, you'll find an even bigger and more impressive session happening on Sundays at Parc du Mont-Royal, called Tam Tam Jam.Come watch and groove to the beats, or bring a cowbell and partake yourself.
3	Since the city of Montreal gets its name from this hill overlooking the city, I knew that I had to make at least one trip there.  I finally got my chance the last day of my trip when a colleague and I took a trip up there for the Tam Tams festival.  It was a lovely park, reminding me of Central Park in NYC or Hyde Park in London but with this also comes the feeling that its maybe a bit too big.  I personally found Parc Lafontaine (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/parc-lafontaine-montreal#hrid:GkpcFFOGciTvY2BAun3ajQ) to be more my style urban park - a bit smaller, a bit more landscaped, and a bit more home-like.We had problems finding places to sit because it was so popular that most of the benches were taken!  We realize that the smart folks brought blankets with them so I'd suggest that if you're heading here, bring something to sit on if you're planning on resting your legs.  But you still must come here if you're visiting Montreal!  There are beautiful views of the city and you realize why the city was founded after such a beautiful place.
4	Parc du Mont-Royal is a nice place to escape for a few hours, or the day. It is what you make of it. You can either take the stairs straight up to the Chateau or you can use the path to wanter around more leisurely and see sights like Beaver Lake, the International statue garden, then the Chateau, cross, etc.There is an information center which sells ice cream, coffee, and snacks near the sculptures. They also have a public rest room and a large grassy area so if you were planning to have a picnic, this is a great spot. Plenty of room for kids (or adults who behave like children) to frolic around and play, have a great view of sculptures, the lake, etc. From this area it is only a short walk (I think it is 0.6km) to the Chateau where you will have a great panoramic view of the city.The day that I ventured to the top of Mont-Royal I was able to see some band shooting a music video, some tourists, some local families, athletes, and photo bugs. Seems like this park has a little something for everyone.
5	From the mount, you've an impressive view of the city, even in poor weather.Even though there's tons of folks boating, running, and walking, there's still tons of space for you to have space. During the winter, hit up the ice rink for your ice rinking needs.Check out the public art: sculptures fill at least one field here, and there's ducks all over. (Yes, ducks are public art.)
5	Definitely a place you want to check out if you are in Montreal.You can take the path that meanders up to the top or take the stairs (I took the stairs).   The stairs are quite steep and there are a lot of them but the view of the city when you get there is worth the climb!  Plus it's a great workout!
5	A trip up this mountain is essential if you are in Montreal.  It is not a terribly difficult hike, but you will get a decent work out.  When you are close to the top, you can take a short cut in the form of stairs.  The real pay off is at the top of the mountain where you will have a very picturesque view of the city.Even if you do not care to hike, just spending time in the park would make for a peaceful morning or afternoon.  The park is beautiful.
5	I took the stairs.  Counted in terms of normal flights on the way down, and figure it is about 15 flights all told.  Really good workout in a nice environment.  Views are fabulous.   Lots of families, exercise enthusiants, and tourists, but not so crowded to feel claustrophobic.  Beautiful open space at the top.
5	I trekked up to the very top by foot and it took awhile but at the end, you will be rewarded with a fantastic view of the skyline of Montreal.
4	I hiked up Mount Royal on the first day of my stay in Montreal. It was a great introduction to the city! Beautiful sights and my San Diego friends loved playing in the snow.I recommend taking the path all the way up and then using the stairs shortcut coming back down! Thats what our group did and it seemed to work out nicely.
4	Gorgeous park to visit in the fall - the leaves were so beautiful in the midst of their changing colors. We took the windy path to the top and skipped the stairs, taking one short cut at one point and beat several pairs we saw along the windy path. However, once we got to the top, we turned, and all we could see were trees and a parking lot. We headed west, and found three paths and a large lake, but never figured out how to get to "the top" for the views of the city skyline. Perhaps one should find a map so one know which trails to go. The few signs we saw were all in French and we don't read French too well.  Oh well, it was still lovely to see and we got a decent work out. Lots of people were jogging, bicycling, and a couple were even using walking sticks. We viewed the peace monument. I learned that hiking through nature tends to give me right knee pain. Not sure whether I'm not walking right or what. I should really stop hiking. There are plenty of benches and cute streams to enjoy if you can't go higher up the hill. Because it's not really a mountain, being only 700-something feet high. Beautiful scenery. Poor signage.
4	Run, don't walk, for the real challenge.
5	This place is a must to visit if you're in Montreal! I went to this mountain during the winter time, and the mountain looked so beautiful! I'm sure this place is wonderful all year around.You can hike up the mountain or drive up. My hubby and I drove up and ended up at Beaver Lake. You can take the stairs up as well, which happened to be opened even during the winter season.  There was a building there beside Beaver Lake where you can rent skis & skates for a small price. Beaver Lake was frozen and many people were ice-skating on it. Kids were enjoying their time tobogganing and many others were having a great time skiing.Up on the mountain, there is a boutique and small cafe in the Smith House. The boutique was nothing special; it was like a store you would find at the zoo. Also, on the top of the mountain you have a breathtaking view of the city below- worth seeing!
3	Nice public park offering beautiful views of the city. But make sure to go on a sunny day, otherwise you won't see anything.During the winter, there is a free skating rink (skate rentals are also available) and public snow tubing lanes.Parking is $2.75 CAD per hour or $8.00 for the day.
4	Doubting my ability to bear the 10 degree weather for an extended period of time, I carefully bundled myself in about 8 layers of clothes and embarked on my quest up the mountain. Only to realize that in hiking up a mountain, one becomes quite toasty, and thus it's fairly unnecessary to wear every sweater and coat you own.  I've only been during the winter, but it was an amazing hike with ridiculously rewarding views at the top. Except for the red "s" that is so prominent from almost every viewpoint (see pics). Really though, it's a winter wonderland.Super fun to slip and slide down the closed staircases. I'm pretty sure the whole park would be closed in the US for fear of crazy lawsuits. Props to Canada for keeping it open and trusting people to use decent judgment. Or, if you're like me, use poor judgment but blame it on yourself if anything bad happens. Can't wait to return this summer and see how it is when it's warm outside.
5	Pick a sunny day. The views are incredible from the Chalet. Wish I could see it in summer. Take the 11 bus if you don't want to make a long hike.
5	originally landscaped by Frederick Law Olmsted (Central Park, Prospect Park, Belle Isle Park), the park is the heart (and lungs) of the city and its ultimate recreation destination--think:  walking, running, cycling, hiking, skating, sledding, skiing, snowshoeing, etc.
5	I went to Montreal a couple of weeks ago for the first time.  I'd always wanted to go and thought I'd like the city and it didn't disappoint.  One of the best parts of the city for me though was Mont-Royal, and I didn't even see half of the park.I actually visited the park twice during my extended weekend stay in the city.  I went up to the park via Rue Peel my first time.  I would recommend heading up to the park this way, or at least heading down this way if you can.  It's great starting from the city and looking up Rue Peel to Mont-Royal.  You also get to walk through the McGill University campus on the way up.  When you reach the park via this route you can immediately access Chemin Olmsted, a walking path that was originally designed as a gravel road for horse-drawn carriages by Fredrick Law Olmsted.  This is the scenic, winding and easy-going way to see the park.  It's great because you're largely surrounded by woods, other paths, and little streams and waterfalls depending on where you are.  However if you're in a hurry and went to get straight to the top, you can take that route as well.  Once you get there you've got the Chalet and a great view downtown, the St. Lawrence and beyond below.  On my second visit to the park during my stay I decided to cut through the park rather than take the metro back to my hotel.  I was in Outremont which is a quite a hike from downtown.  However it was a great hike as I went through the park along Chemin Olmsted.  It was a bit of a dreary and drizzly day, but the park was still beautiful.  There were still bikers, hikers and runners out too.  If I loved in Montreal I'd be in the park a few times week, Winter, Summer, Spring and especially Fall.  Montreal has a real gem in Parc du Mont-Royal and it's one of the highlights of the city.
5	The first time I made the trek to the top of Mont Royal was in the winter. It involved a lot of walking uphill, walking over some tiny streams (that were still running), walking up some steep rocky bits and some flights of stairs, slipping sometimes, but it was worth it. The view from the top is incredible, you can see much of the city. I went during the nighttime, so I could see all the buildings lit up and could point out some landmarks, such as te Olympic Stadium. The way up may have been more difficult, but the walk back down proved to be much easier. I returned again this spring, and it was a much different experience. It was raining and foggy, but wasn't too chilly or anything. My group took a different route this time. In the winter we had walked up some roads, but this time all we did was take some stairs to walk up (which were the same stairs I took on the way back down during my trek in the winter). Walking up the stairs was lengthy, but again well worth it. Because it was foggy you couldn't see too much of the city, but it was beautiful seeing the rain fall from that high up.If you love nature like myself, it's a pretty amazing hike to take, being surrounded by the trees. It'l become a place for myself to go to for every trip made to one of my favourite cities.
4	The first 30 seconds of Arcade Fire's "Wake Up" should be blasting from loudspeakers when you make it to the Chalet du Mont-Royal in the Parc du Mont-Royal.That audio clip would neatly summarize the experience of increasing awe as your eyes behold the vast expanse of the city.An Olmsted designed park (see Central Park,Prospect Park NYC), although his influence was more limited here, I place this destination in the "active pursuits" category of parks as opposed to strolling, laying around on grass and doing little or nothing park.You'll need to be fairly active to ascend the many steps to the 700 foot high mountain at the center. Biking and jogging are two popular ways of traversing the Chemin du Olmstead that wraps around the park. There's also a beaver lake that hasn't any beavers but does have paddle boats for rent.And when I finally made it to the Croix du Mont-Royal I felt like I may have been hallucinating-- this is one large cross! I almost expected a Monty Python-esque foot to fall from the sky next but that didn't quite happen.Lasting impressions on my visit to the Park include:1. Where was the garbage? Not even a casually tossed coke can? Anybody?2. A friendly local joking with me in French about having to pay 25 cents to use the water fountain.3. Not finding the proper stair case to descend from the Chalet and instead scrambling down a muddy incline with my wife, holding on to branches for dear life.4. The view from Chalet. Truly impressive.5. The bathrooms in the Chalet. Clean!6. No vendors selling snacks except for the vending machines I spotted in the Chalet. Maybe that explains point 1, the absence of garbage?7. I need to relearn how to ride a bike so as to traverse the Chemin faster than walking.So if you are visiting Montreal for the first or in my case second time, I highly recommend dedicating a sunny afternoon to exploring Parc du Mont-Royal...and it's free!
5	I did not exactly do any research before heading up here (I sometimes forget that yelp has ratings for anything other than dining establishments. Actually, I often forget that there is more to life than eating in general, for that matter). My thought process was, "Well, I'm only up here for a while and I've got some free time; I should try to make it to the top of that big hill over there." I went up via the two-lane gravel road off of park avenue, coupled with the massive set of stairs. The quicker way, for the record, I found on the way back, which is to go up the gravel switchbacks off of rue pins right behind the McGill campus. Either way, at the top of the steps, going left and up a further gravel path leads one to the Chalet, with some local vendors and excellent views. The better view, in my opinion, is had by going to the right at the top of the long staircase and then following the path there for a couple hundred yards. There's a small platform with sweeping views to the northeast.I was also interested to see that someone else had alluded to seeing a band shooting a music video up there. When I went up myself (6/27/2011), there was a bigtime video production going on at the top near the chalet, with trucks full of equipment and staff directing people around the filming site. Must be the cool thing to do around here.
5	We are staying downtown and took the path behind the Rue de Pins that the first review mentions.  That seemed to work out well.  I would suggest taking the wooden stairs whenever offered the choice on that path if you want to get to the top fastest, we took the dirt paths and some stone stairs and kind of were lost for a few minutes and probably spent twenty extra minutes getting to the top.  Anyway, as for the actual hike and view: the hike through the park is very nice, you feel like you are in a forest far away from any city most of the time.  Once you get to the top you are rewarded with a tremendous view of the entire city, river, and distant mountains.  I absolutely loved it, especially on a clear summer morning.  Round trip from downtown on foot was less than two hours, and we did not go the quickest way we could have.  Well worth your time if you like walking and the weather is ok.
5	Mont-Royal park is designed by the same person that designed Central Park in New York. I used to think that when I went to the park I was "going to the mountain" but actually Montreal very much IS the mountain!So the park area is like central park, meaning there it is right in the center in this case on top of (which is very exciting) this amazing warm artistic creative mysterious city. Considering Montreal has the largest underground city in the world it is quite a thrill to go deep down into the underground into the tunnels and such, and then come up to the park on top. Where else can you experience a mountain so intimately from on top, underground, and all around.Take the number 11 bus to to get to Mont Royal park, and be real, it is Mount REAL after all. As well as Mount Royal. Regal AND real :) Nice combination in my books.
5	Great park!  We went twice, once at night.  We couldn't stand the teenagers with their weed smoking and their bad francophone pop/rap/thumping music in their Mitsubishis. Also, prostitutes hook at Mont-Royal overlook at night.During the day it was beautiful and well worth the drive.
3	Fab park to burn off all the poutine!!! Lots and lots of stairs to climb but worth it for a memorable view of Montreal.They need to improve signage and have trail maps more readily available so women with no sense of direction can avoid getting lost.
5	The hike up from the south or east is totally worth it. The view of the city is spectacular. Awesome photo ops. The park is clean and the paths are nice. The chateau at the top is a great place to chill and eat a sack lunch. This is a MUST SEE when visiting Montreal. I have only been in late summer but I am sure all seasons in the park are amazing.
5	I went to Montreal over a year before writing this for a week long birthday vacation with my boyfriend. Growing up in the Midwest, United States, I spent most of my life deprived of mountainous regions. Before we even arrived to the city, I was determined to climb my first mountain - Mont Royal. After experiencing a few days of the city, we made the venture from our hotel in Longueuil to the park (after a brief stop for meat pies at Tourtiere Australienne! YUM!!). Never one to follow conventional wisdom, (or previously marked trails, for that matter) I - the trail guide for the day - decided to bush-wack our way up the side of the mountain. About half-way up, without a trail in sight, we realize that we've gotten ourselves into a bit of a situation. Above us was steep, crumbly dirt that was still wet from the rain from the last couple days. Below us was a slightly less steep drop, but jagged rocks, broken glass bottles, the few trees we'd been using to pull ourselves up, and just as much crumbly ground. With no choice at that point but to continue on, we scaled the side of the mountain by digging into the dirt until we finally found a path to continue on to. From the grounds around Chalet du Mont-Royal, you can see the whole city spread out in all of it's glory below you. We arrived just before dusk, so we had the immediate transition from the sunny scenery, to the rosy glow lending its light to the vista below.  We found our way in the quickly departing light to the Croix du Mont-Royal - the peak of the mountain, and while I was busy taking pictures of the cross at night, my boyfriend was rummaging through his bag. I turned around to see what he thought of the view as he was getting down on his knee with a small box in his hand. He asked if I would climb more mountains with him, then he asked me to marry him!  The Parc du Mont-Royal, and its namesake mountain will always hold a special place in my heart, but even if you don't have the same sentimental experience, it's still a great place to see!
5	In case you're feeling a little adventurous, I just want to mention something that may not have been mentioned in previous reviews. Once you reach the Chalet du Mont Royal with the large circular viewing area where all the tourists linger around and take photos, that's not the highest you can go. If you're facing the Chalet, keep walking behind it up some stairs and you'll see a park. Instead of going around the park along the paved road, cut straight to back of the park and you'll see some unpaved entry way into what looks like a hiking trail. Keep walking and you'll find yourself in a forest. I stumbled upon it by accident because I didn't want to walk along the pavement and was so glad I did. The locals must all know about it because I saw a couple of people jogging in there with their dogs, but it's a heavenly area to be in if you want to take the road less taken. See pic: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/BYnmPgDK8QD5VTeUodQoZA?select=7dqglC-Gdo7E6gY8y64PZA.Once you enter the trail, it'll take you only 15-20 minutes to get to the top. You also have several chances to cut out of the trail and return to the paved road if you want. I may be wrong but once I reached the top, there was no view, but the trail itself is worth checking out.
5	A hike up to the top of Mont Royal is an experience not to be missed if you're ever in Montreal.  It doesn't take too long, but I would recommend leaving enough time to take a stroll around and take in the beautiful scenery.  I was able to climb up the stairs (this is the shortcut) in about an hour - starting from the bottom of the street (corner of Peel and Maisonneuve).  I stopped a lot along the way, as I wasn't feeling too well that day, so it's probably hike-able in less than an hour if you're full of energy that day. :)  The final 100 steps or so are quite steep and nearly a vertical trek up, so it's something to keep in mind.If you choose to take the leisurely route and stop through other historical spots, it is supposed to take about three hours.  It's also allegedly a lot less steep, as the incline is gradual.  I highly recommend checking out Frommers' "Walking Tour 3 or 4", which is a detailed self-guided tour through and up Mont Royal.Once you reach the top of the stairs, you'll be at the Chalet du Mont Royal.  It's a breathtaking view of the entire city, and I was lucky to be there on a sunny, but cool day.  Even though it was the tail end of summer, the late afternoon breeze up there was quite chilly for an LA native such as myself!  You can continue past the Chalet, through a gravel-ish road that will lead you to the Croix (the cross atop the mountain).  It takes about 10-15 minutes to get there from the Chalet, but it's a lovely walk through a visual of greenery that is so worth it.  Location is easy to get to, as the uphill trek starts in downtown area (very close to McGill University and the Peel or McGill metro stops).  Do it!
5	Walking up to the lookout point near the top of Mont Royal was a highlight of our trip to Montreal. The park itself is gorgeous, and was designed by Frederick Olmstead, who also designed NYC's Central Park. In September, it was lush, verdant and filled with just enough people to remind us that we weren't in the middle of the forest -- although we did spot a raccoon hiding in a little hole in the top of a tree!After walking on the path for a few miles (oops, kilometers) and noticing we were slowly gaining altitude, we took a staircase up (maybe the equivalent of 5 minutes on a StairMaster) and emerged at the Kondiaronk Belvedere (what a badass name), a lookout point -- not the tippy top of the "mountain" but definitely near the summit. From there, we had a great vantage point to take in the whole city, especially the skyline. Fortunately, there was also a chalet open to the public with nice, clean restrooms. It was only a short walk from the chalet to the Smith House, which sells gifts, and more importantly, sorbet.Once we made it back down the stairs and down the hill, we emerged back into the city at the doorstep of the McGill campus, enabling us for more urban exploration (i.e. a lot more walking).
5	Ah, Parc du Mont-Royal -- c'est magnifique!Who doesn't like getting lost in an enchanted forest? A forest inhabited by runners, families, couples, in-line skaters, bikers, children... and squirrels. Lots of squirrels. Really though, if you're entering from Ave. des Pins & Rue Peel, head off the paved Chemin Olmsted as you head up, up and up (but don't take the main staircase that leads up) ... and before you know it, you will be lost (true story)! But have no fear, before you realize it (well actually, after a fair amount of hiking) you will find yourself at le Chalet du Mont-Royal. Step down to the front terrace area and take in the view of the city, turn around and take in the Chalet, and ... exhale.
5	Parc du Mont-Royal has probably one of the prettiest views of a city. It is definitely worth going to. Probably one of my biggest highlights.
3	Being here in November would no doubt limit the amount of activities happening at Parc Mont Royal - but its still worth the trek to get to the top to see the view of Montreal.  If my legs weren't absolutely shot from all the walking I'd been doing I would've probably come here and jogged to the top.The park mostly consists of joggers and walkers now with an insane population of grey squirrels I've ever seen!  They are definitely not shy nor hungry as the locals feed them!  We had a pack if almonds from the plane so we got some squirrel-feeding action of my own.
5	Loved it! The view from the top was completely worth the trek through the snow. We kept imagining what it would look like in the Spring, Summer, and Fall and figured that people who lived nearby are completely lucky. We passed by children playing in the snow, cross country skiers, people biking (in the snow!), jogging, etc.The lake was frozen over so there was no boating but some of the other buildings were open and we enjoyed seeing a cute little Lego display of the park by some schoolchildren.Even if nothing else, it's a gorgeous walk and a lovely view. It would be a shame to go to Montreal and not pay this beautiful park a visit.
4	Great views of the city and tons of great hiking trails. Make sure to walk to the chalet that overlooks downtown Montreal.
2	This rating is based on the condition the Lookout was in. (Not the actual park)I wanted to show my guests a cool view of Montreal from atop. I had told them how you get this pretty awesome view where you can see the Olympic Stadium, and the stretch of the city to the East. I also let them know that its a pretty busy spot most of the year but it seemed like a good clear day to check it out.The first thing that disappointed me, was when we got out and walked towards the view, and noticed that everything smelled like beer, but not the nice smell of beer. We are talking when you shut down an old bar, and everyone has left, and the smell of many decades of spilled beer soaked into the bar smell. Oddly enough, we were outside though. The second disappointment was the sign depicting the different landmarks of Montreal, it was completely hidden by graffiti tags. I hope to see Montreal clean that spot up, it's a beautiful spot that I have enjoyed and shown to many friends that come and visit. This is the first time that I brought someone up there that understood how it could be nice, but felt that it was a shame it was not kept up properly.
5	I always go there for a run.  Try the famous stairs, which are ridiculously hard to run 2 by 2.  Incredible cardio park for runners.  Strongly recommended, a Montreal landmark.
5	We didn't get to hike the actual mountain because 1) we are lazy and 2) we saw a bunch of cars parked near a ledge overlooking the city.From that standpoint, the view was beautiful! You could see as far as the biodome and biosphere, and just tons of lucious greenery around us.Note - please do NOT feed the obese raccoon here :( He is freaking huge and probably has rabies and will kill you. I saw a ton of people feeding the raccoon straight up BUTTER from a plastic knife...and then I saw a little boy trying to hand the raccoon a cookie FROM HIS HANDS. Are you cray, little boy?! Where your parents at?! At least he got scared and dropped it before the raccoon got to him. Sigh, SMH.A+ view though! =D
4	Dear Montreal,Thank you for renewing my faith in a place that should be enjoyed by everyone (the Lookout).  Arrived here in the morning, and there was not a piece of trash, cans, bottle, or anything garbage like to be seen.  Also it smelled like fresh air, not cigarettes, or fermenting alcohol bottles. Also, did not see the obese raccoon.
5	J'aime le Parc du Mont-Royal! This has got to be my favorite place in Montreal, and gazing upon the skyscrapers and bridges was definitely the highlight of my trip. No wonder this city was named after this mountain!My friend and I took the Metro to the Mont Royal stop and caught the 11 (Montagne)  bus that went up the mountain. After walking on the trail for a few minutes, we found ourselves in front of le Chalet du Mont-Royal where the view was, put simply, spectacular. You definitely do not want to be without a camera with a view like this. Forget buying postcards- just sent a few pics back home!Even if there weren't any sort of view, the lush greenery, clean air, and jogger-friendly trails make Mont Royal a park worth visiting over and over again- for locals and tourists alikeNote to bucket list: stop by at night with a friend, camera and tripod!
5	How can you not rate this 5 stars?? When you get to the lookout and you have a gander over downtown, wow....what an amazing view!!The parc on the other side was perfect for a picnic lunch overlooking the duck pond. It was really great to see everyone enjoying the perfect summer weather we were having.  I can image how beautiful all of this must be in the frosty cold Montreal winters which I still have yet to experience!
5	As far as urban parks go, this one is a jewel.  This park is probably my favorite thing about Montreal.  I've visited Montreal a few times and just about every morning, I've jogged the helical trail up the mountain with the masses of fit locals (and maybe tourists) to the chalet where I am rewarded with a spectacular view of the city.  I hope to continue this tradition with my subsequent visits to this city (weather permitting).
4	The locals call it "La Montaigne" and you can climb to the top for a great view of the downtown ("centre-ville") high rises and bridges. Several excellent spots for taking pictures along the way.Unlike SOME Yelpers, I didn't cheat and take the bus. But let me tell you, I think I had at least three coronaries on the trails. I made the mistake that if I could climb Arthur's Seat in Edinburgh, I could handle anything these overly polite Canadians could throw at me. Next time, I'll bus it!A good amount of litter here and there, which is quite disheartening. Even in the spots where there was a trashbin nearby, you couldn't make a small effort? Losers.From the lookouts, great views. Love it and well worth it.From the Mont Royal Metro station, you can ascend the mountain. Or walk up from Rue Peel where there are stairs. I came down the Peel trail which was much easier and led directly to a pub!
4	Very pretty park! Hubby and I took a picnic lunch up to enjoy the view. Too bad there are no bixi bike stations at the top! It'd be fun to bike down (but not up!)
5	Very nice place! Love the look outs! Especially the one with the view of downtown
5	Just an absolute gorgeous view of the city.  There were a fair few other people who also wanted to take in the view but it didn't feel overly crowded to me.  The park was designed by Frederick Olmstead, who designed Central Park in NYC.A massive green space with trails, park benches, and the occasional water fountain to quench your thirst - I'm looking forward to visiting during different seasons.
5	Simply awsome!!!
4	Mont royal is a lovely park right in the middle of Montreal.  My boyfriend and I went in early July and the weather was perfect.   When you're at the top, you can see the whole city.  But the good part (for me) was the walking up to the top - not so much the view!  Before we went, we read a lot of reviews about the hike and how it would take hours to walk it, that  the stairs are horrible and to take the bus etc.  After having done it, I can honestly say that IT"S NOT THAT BAD!  We started at Stanley Ave (I think - one of the streets by McGill) and Pine.  We walked along the path and looped it up.  We weren't walking fast and it took us about 40 minutes to get to the summit.  We're also not speed walkers or in great shape.  It was just a leisurely pace. We took the stairs down and once we realized how short they were, we actually went back up on the stairs!  It took like 10 minutes and that was just going an average pace!  Seriously - THE STAIRS ARE NOT THAT BAD!!!Hope this helps to put others at ease!  Wendy
4	if it's your first time to Montreal, I feel it's kinda required to go up Mont Royal. however, my first visit a few years back was in the dead of winter and it was well below freezing, so it wasn't as enjoyable as when I made a return trip this summer.that being said, this is a wonderful park, partially designed by the same guy (Olmsted) who is responsible for Central Park. it is very well-maintained, and the views out over downtown Montreal are majestic. in the summertime, it's wonderfully green.the Chalet building offers restrooms, vending machines, seating for your sore legs, and even a small souvenir shop. some cool artwork inside the huge main room which also hosts large events. in the winter, it's (relatively) warm inside, perfect for when you want to run out to snap some photos then run back inside before frostbite strikes.even once you reach the Chalet, there are further trails/paths to walk up. at night, the giant cross of Mont Royal lights up.getting here is easy. if you've got a lot of time, you can walk/hike (either trails or the slope along the roads). we saw some people running and biking. the time-efficient method though is to take one of the buses. the #11 is your best bet, and if you happen to miss the handful of stops on the mountain proper, don't worry - it loops through some residential neighborhood and comes right back. note that you've still got a nice walk up to the vantage point from the bus stops! BEAST MODE!long story short: pack a water bottle and a camera. it's worth the time and effort. plus you'll burn off some calories from all the poutine you've been eating!
5	Smack-dab in the middle of downtown Montreal, Mont-Royal park is a gem in this lovely city.  You can enter the park through multiple routes around the park.  Do not get discouraged by the trek, it is a gradual incline.  It takes about 45 mins at an easy pace.  Be sure to bring your camera, the view at the top is stunning!The chalet at the top has washrooms and vendor machines; plus there is seating inside.I would definitely recommend the hike up to Mont Royal!  You can take the stairs down for a quick descent.
5	A fantastic park in the heart of Montreal - easily walkable from the metro. We walked up a seemingly endless flight of stairs and came to the summit, with gorgeous views of the city and river. After a couple of days in the city, this was a welcome escape into a bit of nature. There's a great open grassy bald at the top, and it was the perfect place to have a lunch time snack before heading back down.
5	SO WORTH IT! Was in Montreal for a 5 day visit,  The first day, my friend showed me around a lot of places but we didnt walk UP the Mont-Royal. I went back a couple days later and hiked up on my own! I went via Station Mont Royal - stopping off at the cute boutiques/coffee shops along Avenue du Mont Royal. That area is definitely a lot more rustic and interesting compared to downtown. It was soooo beautiful - very easy road/track to walk up - with more challenging vertical climbs if you wish to do so - and as I was there in Autumn, the beautiful colors of the leaves accompanied you the whole way, until you get to the top and see the stunning view overlooking Montreal! Things are clearly signposted and its worth checking out the Chateaux - where the old groundskeeper used to live - and in the basement (where the free toilets are!) is an interesting display of the history etc of the area. Didn't have any food at the Chateaux, but there were plenty of people eating and enjoying a hot drink. The walk down via the steps back into downtown is a nice way to take a look through McGill University too. Definitely a romantic spot - I was feeling a bit lonely and wish I'd at least had a dog to walk or something! But experiencing nature with classical jazz in my ear was pretty nice too.
5	Frederick Law Olmsted designed Central Park and Prospect Park. He also designed Grand Army Plaza, Fort Tryon, Morningside Park, Eastern Parkway... (heck, he coined the word "parkway"!) So it was interesting to see an aesthetic I'd considered so "New York" pop up on my recent visit to Montreal.Montreal's namesake park is, like all the Olmsted creations I've had the pleasure of experiencing, a peaceful expanse that comes with the profound feeling that you're smack in the middle of a bustling city, but at the same time cleanly sealed off from it.  The park is basically a giant hill filled with gorgeous trees. It's a lot more interesting than any ol' tourist park, because it's an adventure in itself! You have to climb up a zigzag of stairs and mazes of roads and foresty paths to explore it (yay goal-oriented behavior).Hiking up to Mont Royal's entrance on Rue Peel sucks. It's like a 40 degree incline; don't know how the McGill kids stand it. But once you enter the park, that peaceful feeling settles in. The stairs are staggered so it doesn't feel too bad.Reserve 2-3 hours of your day to visit Mont Royal. All the signs on paths inside are useless, so leave yourself some time to get lost. If you're visiting during daytime, the autumn leaves are BEAUTIFUL. If you're visiting close to evening - bring flashlights! There are barely any lights the higher up you go, and absolute darkness follows soon after dusk. We saw several intrepid Montrealers wearing headlights. Note that there isn't anything on the "summit" proper - you'll catch several lovely views of Montreal going up, but on the true summit there's nothing but a radio tower, plus a crown of trees obstructing any view outward.For some reason, just below the summit, there's a gigantic lit-up Broadway-esque Christian cross, straight out of a sci-fi-horror film. It was terrifying.
5	When my kids were little I used to go to the mountain almost every weekend. We'd hike up the mountain for early spring to late fall, the birthday of my son is in May and most of them were spent picnicking in the park. Winters were spent speeding down on a toboggan towards Park avenue.My kids are grown now and these days, you have to drag me out the door, let alone to Mont-Royal Park! A feat that becomes particularly difficult when the weather gets colder. However, this past Saturday, I met a friend in the park - we were to take a good brisk walk around the mountain.Now, I have made "workout" dates before, and they have often started with good intentions but resulted in drunken debauchery. This time though, we did take that walk, up the mountain side, round and round a few times. Next thing it was an hour later, we were on our way down the mountain side and all I kept thinking is "this feels great!" I didn't feel cold, or tired, it actually felt quite refreshing. So much so, I am planning on making it my own Saturday tradition!
4	If there's any must-see in Montreal, this is it  It's easy to get to, it's free, and you get great views of the city.  We entered the park off Peel St, which is the entrence that's basically one huge staircase.  Serioulsy, it was a lot, but take it slow and stop every so often to check out the view.  You end up at the Chalet which is a big open building, great for warming up on a cold day.  There are restrooms, a small gift shop and an area with vending machines.  We were there in November so there really wasn't much of anything in bloom.  But with all the leaves of the trees we were able to get some great views of the city that maybe don't exist in the spring/summer. we probably only saw a third of the park, but it was a great way to spend part of a morning!
5	Full of monuments, lookouts and picnic spots the heart of Montreal lies Parc du Mont-Royal.   Typed in the Magellan and couldn't get to the top Car lookout point from the direction   I was going in so I ended up at the Beaver Lake house. So great too because a nice couple leaving offered their parking ticket to my Fiance and they had an Hour Left Perfect!!Mount Royal Park is the perfect place to spend a sunny afternoon. Frederick Law Olmstead, the landscape architect behind New York's Central Park, designed the jewel of the Montreal park system in 1876.   We walked into the Building that's there, its old and inside there's a cute restaurant, a gift store, a museum, a cafe, and downstairs more learning facts and bathrooms that have a stone wall that looks ancient.  Oh I forgot to mention its all free to look at! Yep so you can spend an hour looking at stuff and walking up to the view point by walking on the Pedestrian path.   The Building in the lookout View isn't always open. It was musty smelling and had cute statues of Squirrels on the Beams, and some LED lighting on the chandeliers. You know why their statues are of Squirrels?? They are everywhere outside and so friendly! They also have a Hot Chocolate Machine which was a downer, I wanted a Hot chocolate but not from a machine thanks. I Love the View, its Urban Montreal for what it is and has its own special charm to it.Yes I will Be Back here!!** Featured in Antony Bourdain's The Layover :    Mount Royal Park"Across from Old Montreal, there's a permanent wave here caused by swiftly moving water over the river bottom. Surfs up. Always."   **
5	The single best park I've ever been to. The view from the chalet is great; I had the luxury of living downtown my first year in MTL and I could see my rooftop (among plenty of other landmarks) from there. I also suggest going up to the very highest peak, just above the cross. You'll get a killer workout on the ascent, anyway. Great open-air view, away from the relative grime of downtown.
5	Every truly great city has a great park, and Montreal is no exception. Mont Royal is a lovely place to take a stroll and it has the best view of the city. We entered the park via the entrance with a billion staircases. I thought I was going to die. But then you get to the top and take in the view, and it's completely worth it. There is a way to access the park without the stairs, but I'm not going to tell you about it because you probably need the exercise if you enjoyed as much of Montreal's fine cuisine as I did. It was a chilly, yet sunny, day when we there, so I can only imagine how the park must come alive in the summer. There was a recreational-type area that was being renovated. There are also two cemeteries that border the park and make for some interesting wandering if you have the time. This is a must is you are a visitor to Montreal, and I envy the citizens of Montreal who get to enjoy this lovely park on a regular basis.
4	Just a great view of the city from atop a hill
4	Beautiful park! The view is amazing. We were there in the afternoon but I would like to see the city at night time with all the pretty lights surrounding the city. Great place for a picnic with friends or just a couple..very romantic...
5	I love this park! It's a great place if you're looking for a good workout (power walk, run, cycle) or if you just want to go for a leisurely walk and feel like you're outside the city. If you head towards le chalet du Mont-Royal, then you will be able to tke advantage of their great lookout, which offers beautiful views of the city. There is also another fantastic lookout (the view is much broader, I think) but I've only ever been there by car, so I'm not sure if it's accessible on foot.  The length of your workout or walk will depend on where you start - there are a few entry points, including the base of the mountain (I forget if that's on Berri...?) and via Duluth, Peel etc. Suggestion: Keep an eye out for cyclists to avoid being run over :)
5	May 16, 2013This is one of my favorite places in the world.  SO. MUCH. GREEN.We walked up via Rue Peel -- it took so long because I kept stopping to take pictures.  All the greenery is just absolutely ridiculously gorgeous.  I LOVE IT!!  It's a combination of stairs and slight incline.  There are many joggers along the path.  At the top, there's an amazing view of Montreal.  If you could only go to one place in Montreal, this should be it.  GO!
5	Built by the same guy who built central park in NYC, this park feels very open, spacious and friendly with interesting things seemingly at every turn.  I would allot several hours for this place as we did not and we were in a rush, plus it started to rain. Has a great view of old Montreal and the cemetery next to it is very impressive as well.
5	Oh the great Mont-Royal, standing tall over the beautiful city of Montreal. The views atop is breath-taking. There are several vista points with great views, and you can find the usual crowd of tourists there. If you're feeling adventurous, there are also many little corners and paths, each with its own character and beauty. The suggested way to get up to the top is hiking or running. Mont-Royal has one of the best running paths I've ever been on, and you'll see your fair share of runners on any given day. If for whatever reason you can't hike or run up, there's also a road (and bus) in the back that you can use to drive up to the vista points. If you're lucky enough to be in Montreal throughout the seasons, you'll be able to catch the astonishing annual lifecycle of the mountain from here - from the budding greens of spring, to the overflowing life in summer, to the fiery leafs of fall, to the snowy calm of winter. Astonishing.
4	This is a great stop in Montreal.  It would be a great place to do a run if I had the time.  It's very beautiful and green, and it looks like there are different trails that you can use if you had the time and ability.   I was with my parents, brother, husband and son, and it would have been nice if there were a few more activities to do.  We went up to the chalet, but it was soooo hot that we could only stay for so long.  I asked the information guy if there was a playground, but he showed me on the map that there was only one, and that it was not under shade.  The view that the chalet's large patio offered of downtown and greater Montreal was very nice.  I'd love to see it in the winter as well.  It did find it odd that we had to pay for parking in this park, despite the large amount of space there was.
5	How can anybody give this gorgeous urban oasis, the Grand Dame of Montreal, less than a 5-star rating???? It's incomprehensible to me!!!As a kids, my grandparents came to this park, centrally located in the heart of the city, yet feeling worlds away from the hustle and bustle of city life. My father grew up near here and visited the mountain here a gazillion times. As a child, I was taken here every winter to skate on Beaver Lake (which was iced over each winter) and us kids tobogganed down the gentle slopes by the Lac des Castors, stopping only for hot cocoa we got in the adjacent chalet. As a teenager and young adult, I spent whole summers here, suntanning on the slopes with my friends, having picnics, playing our guitars, tossing frisbee and listening to the radio (yes, we were frustrated hippies! Lol). The hilly slopes were packed with fellow sunbathers and families and couples, just relaxing and taking in the warm weather and the gorgeous surrounding greenery. I hear the mountain is still bustling in the summer!The lower mountain contains Beaver Lake, the large chalet and miles and miles of pathways and trails, paved and not, big and small. There are a gazillion squirrels and ducks (and there used to be swans, too, but I haven't seen them the last few times I visited). There's a playground/park area off the lake that has been renovated and updated sometime in the past 5 years or so. It's amazing! There are 2 climbing rocks and a small ground-mounted water feature and lots of contemporary play equipment. Even my two teen kids loved these new playground features! And I loved seeing all the young tots and families laughing and playing; there were French and English families, orthodox Jewish families, and I heard other languages spoken that I could not place. It was great. Everything a city park should be.The upper mountain (which is connected to the lower mountain by way of a gazillion paths and trails) is comprised of a grand stone chalet (I think it's called the Smith House) and the most popular lookout of the entire city, with a vista of McGill and the downtown skyline. You know the photo of downtown Montreal you see on 90% of postcards? That's taken at this observation lookout. It's a spectacular view, day or night. Further up the mountain, on trails and paths, big and small, are a tall,  on-descript radio or cell tower, a radio CBC building, and then the piece du resistance, the glorious cross of Montreal (croix de Mont Royal). I laughed when I read the reviewer say that the cross was creepy and she didn't know why it was there. In 1643, the founder of Montreal, de Maisonneuve, erected the first cross on this site. As long as I can remember, and as long as my father can remember, there's always been a cross here on the mountain, which is illuminated each night. I remember studying late in the McGill library in the early 80's and seeing the cross light up at night. It's not creepy; it's an integral part of the City's history.Anyhow, Mont Royal is a glorious oasis. It's beloved by bikers, jogger's, strollers, dog walkers (man, I used to walk my dog Maggie here a lot in the 90s! She adored  exploring all the narrow trails through the woods), families and ALL Montrealers. Interns and doctors on break come here from the Montreal General for a brief respite, to de-stress. Mommy groups come here. Couples snuggle on benches. The young and old come here. This is our Central Park - and, I know I'm biased, but I prefer it to Central Park, as the views of the city cannot be beat. And it's safe. And clean.  The mountain is stunning in fall, with the explosion of colors in the foliage. It's serenely beautiful in the winter with the glistening snow and ice-crystalled trees. It's fresh and crisp in the spring with the scents of grass and the colors of flowers emerging. And the greenery of summer and the warmth of the air is wonderful. My only gripe is the parking. It used to be free. Now they've revamped the lots, so there seems to be way more parking spots (always a good thing!), but it costs so much to park ($3/hour), even when the park is near empty on cool and rainy days. I remember spending whole days here, with my pals in the summer, and it cost nothing. I think the park was more frequented and enjoyed then.
4	This is a beautiful city park and I highly recommend that one visits on Sundays to witness Tam-Tam, a cultural event that has taken place in Montreal since the 1970s. You'll find an eclectic mix of individuals, from backpackers to hippies to hipsters and even a few families.  Marijuana use is ubiquitous if not encouraged and a communal vibe pervades the atmosphere.  Drum circle bands is the main draw. Feel free to bring a blanket and/or a frisbee or soccer ball or a good book.  This is also a great place for groups.
5	I was lucky enough to be there on a Sunday when thousands of people get together, play drums, chill and enjoy the life. This place is a must have for all the cities in the world.Best time to check out is Sunday afternoon if the weather is nice. Bring a djembe or a drum of your choice to jam along.
5	Right off McGill University, this park was easily accessible by any mode of transportation. It takes about 10-15 minutes to get to the top, and once you're up there, it'll look like you spend 2 hours on that hike up. The views are spectacular and they even got this huge event space to throw parties/weddings. There's also a bathroom, cafe, and vending machine up there. Though the real deal is the water fountain outside the bathroom. Water was ICE COLD. On a hot summer day, you can't get better than free ice cold water at the top of a mountain. Legit
4	Due to the fluctuating exchange rate, a four star review of a park in Canada is roughly equivalent to a five star review of a park in the US.Nah, I'm kidding.  I reserve five stars only for Central Park and Prospect Park (also Olmstead parks).  But Mont Royal Park is pretty awesome.  There is plenty to see all over the mountain and the views of Montreal are terrific.  I love approaching it from Rue Rachel because the angel statue there (Sir George Etienne Carter) is pretty impressive.  You really get a sense of the scale of the place that you don't get from approaching it from the south, in my opinion.  There are so many paths that you can discover a variety of things as you climb toward the summit.  I once met a friendly horse not too far from the giant cross.This is a real gem and it seems that Monteralers (Montreal-ites?) really appreciate this place.  When I've been there it has been spotless and well tended.   It's very cool.  Or as they say in Montreal, tres cool.
5	I was pretty much told that we were going to Parc du Mont-Royal by my boyfriend while we were in Montreal. I had no desire to go since I thought it was just a hill.Driving up to the park, it was pretty scenic with trees, bicyclists just everywhere. More than half way up, there was an overlook where you can see the buildings of downtown Montreal. I thought it was so neat I wanted to stop and take a look, but we kept driving up even further.Holy. Cow. The view left me breathless. So amazing seeing the whole city from this one point.  I am so glad I was able to experience this on my trip to Montreal.Very neat place. Can be very romantic if there weren't many people around. There was a visitor who was playing this random piano that was just placed there.
5	I have been coming here my whole life and absolutely love this place.  I think the lookout is one of my favourite spots in Montreal with its views of the downtown skyline.  On a beautiful day it is a great spot to enjoy a picnic or go for a run.  Even in winter it is worth coming to if you like skating or cross country skiing.
5	I can't believe it took 3 visits to Montreal for me to actually go here - - don't make the same mistake! Lovely park - super spread out, with enough peaks to get a day's worth of exercise in - if strenuous hiking and sweating it up is yr thing. There's also some great views near the visitor center. Apparently the park has 5 peaks, but we kind of just showed up without doing any research/acquiring maps so we only made three. Still - not that upset, half a day well spent. Oh - worth noting - bring your own water / snacks!
5	This was so wonderful! It made me wish I lived in Montreal. It was fun climbing the mountain as a tourist and seeing the spectacular views, but I could see it would be a fantastic resource for local runners or cyclists to enjoy daily or weekly. We were there this past weekend so early October and it was an excellent time to see the changing leaves. This is a must see part of Montreal, which I only got to see on my 3rd trip!
5	Mont-Royal park is one of my happy places. Rain or shine, hot and muggy weather or below zero temps, you'll find me going for a walk on the mountain. Out of town visitors will ask what the draw is .... it is the mountain itself. No gimmicks, just lots of nature, a few lookouts and Beaver lake. Us Montrealers are extremely lucky to have such a large green space in the middle of the city, "the lungs of the city" as Olmsted referred to his parks. My favourite thing to do is put on sturdy hiking shoes, fill up my water bottle and grab a snack, and head out on a couple of hours of wandering. I much prefer the smaller paths to the main Olmsted Road, wiggling my way across the mountain, occasionally popping out in more populated areas like the belvedere and Beaver lake.  The views are beautiful, and I get a thrill finding my apartment nestled in amongst the other buildings.In the winter the smaller paths can be quite treacherous, but the larger ones remain quite nice thanks to the many people who walk, run, job and bike them year round, plus all of those who cross-country ski and snowshoe.  The refrigerated rink at Beaver Lake is great, as it doesn't matter what the weather is like, the ice is always nice.
4	You should read Amanda C.'s review (just before mine) to get a true flavor of this wonderful place.  We drove up there for the 180-degree view of the city and we weren't disappointed.  It was a warm day at the end of September and we took some fantastic panoramic photos from the top of the Mont.  Of course, the ice cream sandwich made it even more enjoyable.   Definitely make a stop here if you're in town.
5	It's Montreal's central park. It's always nice to have a bit of green in a city and that is it. haha just avoid touching the raccoon's. Great place for people to go running in a friendly environment. It's also nice to just take a walk there on long and hot summer nights. There's also THE view of Montreal that everyone knows.
5	Beautiful Park.The lookout point in absolutely fantastic! Beware if you travel there in the colder months, we had a walk up the hill filled with ice and snow.
4	Great hike! Bring good shoes and water.
4	A nice, grand park that's perfect for meandering or enjoying a nice picnic.  Portions of it have dense trees and it's nice to feel as if you are in a forest and far away from a city.  This place is worth the visit.
5	It took a long time to walk to the top but it was very nice and had a great view of the city. It is a good way to get exercise and take a break from downtown.
5	The "Lookout Point" was literally amazing!!! You could see the entire city!!! The view was incredible!! It was a little cold when we went so make sure you dress accordingly. Met one of my high school buddies there so it was also very surreal to be there with great friends from the past. YOLO!!!
4	I'm very glad that I went here on my first full day in Montreal. What a nice park. Some friends that I was staying with took my here, and we took the tourist route up through the snow to the lookout point. It was one of the first nice days in Montreal after a brutal winter, and everyone was out (even in pretty deep snow) to walk or run through the park. I would love to come back in the summer when the weather is nicer. My hosts told me that people come out in droves to play and listen to music, which would be right down my alley.
5	**Bring your walking shoes**One of the gems of Montreal. A beautiful scenic park, but quite the hike to get to the top.  There's approximately 15 flights of stairs when entering from the Drummond entrance.  I think there is less if you enter on Rachel street.  This doesn't count the numerous hills you climb to reach the top.  Once you get to the top, the hike becomes worth it.  The views are incredible.  You are above every building and get to see the beautiful city of Montreal.  Atop the mount there is also a chalet for you to warm up or cool down depending on the temperature.  There is vending machines, seating and wi-fi in this chalet.  This is definitely a must-visit on your trip to Montreal.
3	Be sure to park at the parking lot near the "belvedere," which is a short walk to the lookout point. A great spot to take pics. If you only want to check out the lookout point, 45 min parking is enough.
5	Designed by Olmsted, the man who brought you Central Park in New York.  We took the winding path up the hill.  A brief detour through McGill was part of the tour, capped off at the chalet mont-royal.  Great view of the city.  The chalet was sort of a bummer in that it was under- utilized, and could make a ton if $$$ with a cafe in it, but otherwise worth the trip...
5	Wonderful place. Beautiful to go for a walk or just sit by the lake. I'll skip the pedal boats next time, though. Better just to lay down in the grass.
5	Truly one of the best places to be in Montreal. You can find artists, family places, there is a lake with, in my opinion, the optimal balance between nature and human modifications.Beautiful views, if you're out of shape and can't climb it from Guy-Concordia metro, there is the #11 bus that leaves from Metro Mont-Royal and there is also a parking lot for your cars.The only "store" you'll find for food are vending machines and ice cream trailers so pack a lunch and a bottle of water! Water fountains available in common areas as well.Great place to relax, walk and mountain bike! Recommended for some solo walk for some fresh air and family time! Amazing place! All that's missing is swings and slides :'(
5	Beautiful views and great spaces for walking, biking and relaxing.
4	My wife and I and two friends drove up to Montreal for a quick 3 day vacation before moving onto Quebec City. We stayed at an Airbnb place near Mount Royal so we had to check it out. It's a great park with several hiking options (from stairs to paths). No need to go all the way to the top as the lodge level has a GREAT view of the city and free wifi in the lodge.
5	Beautiful park with a gorgeous view of the city. The hike up is about 20 minutes and be sure to wear comfortable sneakers! Right now certain places in the city are featuring city pianos where civilians can voluntarily play some tunes on the piano in the middle of the park to the public. It is very enjoyable to watch and listen. The music gives the whole park a magical feel. Definitely worth the hike!
5	As a New Yorker, no walk is too long, and no hike is too high and Mont-Royal was a wonderful day trip to the top. We did not take the marked trail or the path of steps which most people tend to take. Although we did take an off-beaten path (and cough, maybe hopped an illegal fence or two), it was beautifully serene and is a wilderness escape in the middle of the bustling city. I cannot say enough great things about this park, there are many great things to discover, and greenery to immerse oneself in. This park was probably one of my favorite part about Montreal, so if you are an out-of-towner, DON'T MISS IT! I believe there are buses you can take up to the Chateau and you can rent bikes as well, or if you're a little adventurous like us, take the hike up or the off-the-beaten path (I shouldn't condone illegal fences, my bad).  The best part: DON'T MISS THE VIEW FROM THE CHATEAU!A few cons: 1. Very little/no English signage, not all of us know French, especially since it is such a tourist attraction.2. Limited drinks & food at the top, only vending machines.3. Bugs/mosquitoes galore. BRING REPELLANT. I walked away with approx. 37 bug bites, not exaggerating. Remember: To bring snacks (unless you want to get skinny on your hike)To bring drinks/water (unless you are a human cactus)To bring your sneakers (unless you can hike in flip-flops like me)To bring bug spray (unless you want to get eaten alive)To bring a camera (amazing views galore)
5	This park is probably my favorite place in Montreal. The unexpected burst of nature right in the middle of the city was a welcome surprise. I could definitely see how the mastermind behind this park was the same one that designed Central Park,  embedding a burst of nature into bustling NYC. It also reminded me a little bit of the parks with hikes embedded into San Francisco. The hike itself up to the top is not particularly difficult but not particularly easy either. Some parts are steep and you'll definitely work up a bit of a sweat. Its totally worth it though, as you'll get the best view possible of Montreal from the top, particularly around sunset. You can do the whole thing in an hour and a half or so if you are in a rush for time. If not, I would suggest bringing a book, some friends and maybe a bottle of wine--  spend an additional hour or two relaxing at the top soaking it all in. Somehow, someone had lugged a piano up to the top and we were able to listen to some nice music as well. Montreal is a city filled with pleasant surprises, and this park captures the spirit of the city perfectly.
5	Getting lost in the woods in an urban setting is rare. Even giant parks like Golden Gate Park and Central Park don't quite take you completely out of the city. It's there. You see it if you look up. This park, however, is the immersion of country into city.A few steps into the park and you may lose the sounds of the city entirely. A few more and you'll lose the sights of the city. Take one of many smaller paths (shortcuts to the viewpoint) and you'll lose most other people. Surrounding you will be trees and wildlife. Stop and listen. That silence? Oh, that's just nature, you know, doing its thang. Love it.
5	Very pretty park and the bike trail going up and down was fun and stress free.  The lookout near the summit was very cool and awesome photo opportunities.
3	Pros: View of Montreal and outskirts, nice park before getting to look offCons: Paying for parkingSeeing this was our first trip to Montreal we decided to see it all from a distance. If you're looking at getting a birds eye view of downtown Montreal (for free/cheap) this is the way to do it. There is a lot of parking, however be prepared to dish out a few bucks for it. There are several pay stations where you pay for a certain amount of time and put the receipt on your dash.You first come to the park. There seem to be an assortment of trails you can take, although we hardly explored any. There are several sculptures and pond in the park, in addition to a lodge style building - it was closed since we arrived early in the morning, so I'm not sure its function.There were signs to lead you to the view point, but we didn't see anything that directed us from the parking lot, so keep that in mind - you may need to walk around a bit if you're unfamiliar with the park layout. Once you get to the top you will be pleased with the view. Its an incredible sight to see all of Montreal from one spot. You can see the entire city, the river and a few smaller mountains in the background (looking towards Vermont). I would say this is a great spot to visit when going to Montreal. I gave it a "average score" because it was just that. It wasn't terrible - I would say still visit, but don't plan to be "wow'd" by any means.
5	I highly recommend coming to this place if you're new to Montreal, visiting of have lived here forever.Its nice in the summer, relaxing and the view when you get on top of the mountain is fantastic! You see all of downtown Montreal and even more. Try spotting some popular landmarks like "Concordia University" or "Old Montreal" - because you can totally see them from way up there!The walk up is done through stairs and can become a bit tiring so just bring some water. There is a water fountain at the top, though.They also sell popsicles and some ice cream when you get to the top *you can also get to the top by car, but the walk up is nice as it feels like you're in a different place far away from the city, which I enjoy*
5	Montreal is my favorite city in North America.  If I knew french and found a job there I would be there in a sec.  I try to make it out to this park whenever I come to Montreal, especially on Sundays when they have the tam tams (basically a a huge drum circle).Seeing people from ALL walks of life hanging, drinking, smoking, playing or  just celebrating life in one beautiful circle really embodies the vibe I get from the this city.
5	This place has the most beautiful view of a city that I've ever seen. I can hang out here and enjoy  the view for hours. It's great.  My wife and I went here a couple of times when we were in Montreal, both day and night. Please do not come here in the daytime and miss coming at night. The daytime view of the city is great but the nighttime view is incredibleMontreal has became one of my favorite city to visit, and this park was one of the reason. After a long day sightseeing, it is so refreshing to just end your night here and just enjoy the view. I love that this place is completely free. I love that people just enjoy the weather and drink wine from the bottle. Montreal is truly an amazing city.
3	View- Amazing both day and nightAtmosphere Day- Great view of the city- Mechanical binoculars were convenient to look in the distance- Good for kidsAtmosphere Night- Great view of the night life from a distance- Not good for kids because there are many raccoons being pestered by teenagers making them stick around- Line of up cars just waiting for others to leave to take their parking causing a back log of cars on the street- Great place if you want to get high for free (this is sarcasm)- Could be scary for little kids because of all the teenagers hanging out
3	Montrealers are very proud of the fact that their major city park, Mont-Royal, was designed by Frederick Law Olmstead, the mastermind behind NYC's Central Park. But note that the Canadian park came nearly 25 years later; I'm pretty sure that between those two major commissions, Olmstead had a stroke and forgot everything he knew about park design. If you're used to the whimsies and surprises of Central Park - ponds, glades, fields, forests, fountains, ornamental bridges, and stone-lined footpaths - you'd never recognize the same hand at work here. Instead, Mont-Royal is mainly a series of semi-paved tracks through the woods, with little thought for vistas or variety. If you're a local, this makes for excellent jogging or cross-country skiing (and there are plenty of buff bodies along the trails to prove it). But for tourists on a time budget, the only real reason to climb the "mountain" is the excellent view from the broad terrace of Chalet du Mont-Royal. Five minutes snapping pictures, and you're basically done.
5	It doesn't matter how touristy this place can be, though its much more than a tourist destination. If you plan a trip to Montreal without going to Mont Royal and especially if you're a park lover, you'll be doing yourself an injustice. Mont-Royal is much more than just a tourist destination with an awesome view of the city of Montreal. It's an oasis within the city. Once you make your trek onto the mountain park, you'll slowly hear the sounds of the city dissipate and transition into serenity and tranquility. You can take the main road and traverse the park or you can take the off beaten paths and really get lost and see where it will lead. It's a huge park and there's so much to explore, nature to witness and a workout to get in.I wish I can write an enticing, majestic, poetic review but I'm not really good at it. Believe me, come here if you're in Montreal and just get lost. Enjoy the lake, enjoy the cemetery, enjoy climbing up the steep paths of the mountain park, bike ride, ride, jog. Come for Tams Tams, people watching, picnic, sports.This park has joined my ranks of favorite parks so far along with Central Park, Gantry State Park and Prospect Park and I'm sure you'll fall in love with it to.
5	Mount Royal was very tiring but well worth the trip. Make sure you have water, bug spray and a really good pair of sneakers when hiking up the mountain. It honestly wasn't too bad, but the slant was pretty steep coming from the metro and the stairs were long going up from the entrance. However, we survived it and the view was simply breathtaking. The view of the city was unbelievable from up high. I'm really happy that we stopped here during our vacation. Our legs were sore for 2 days afterward, but I would do it again if the opportunity presented itself.
5	It is really a good place to go on a date, my ex an I used to go there when we did know what to do just to have a drink an watch montreal, it is supper romantic place, fun and a must do for tourists.
5	Great view of Montreal, a must stop if you're visiting from out of town.  It's Fall right now, so I'm sure the changing of the leaves is adding to the experience.  If I was a local, I'd be here frequently, enjoying the nature or getting some running in like a lot of the other people seem to be.
5	Great cities have great parks! It is true, NYC has Central Park, San Francisco has Golden Gate, and Montreal has its namesake Mont-Royal. The views of the City and the River are wonderful. As are the moments when the canopy of trees and shield of underbrush create the impression of having quickly escaped into the woods. Walking (or jogging) around or up/down Mont-Royal is a great way to get  some extra greenery exposure (and exercise) while still being in the City and being able to get out on the grass or under the trees. While there are buses of tourists taking the drive up, (on the "back" / North side)  of the Park, one can avoid most of the out-of-towners by taking the foot-paths and stairs that blend from the City into the wooded park on the Southern side of the Park.Plenty of grassy spaces on both the Eastern and Western sides for lounging or having a lunch picnic or simply laying in the sunshine. FYI there is free WiFi at the top near the beautiful stone Lodge/Pavilion that sits just back from the viewing area and gardens. Also the water-fountain has cold and clean free water.
5	My hubs and I had a lovely week long vacation over the summer in Montreal. Upon telling our family that we were going we received advice on which sights were must sees and which could be avoided. This was on the must see list.    After walking around the city and meeting some awesome locals we ended up staying up all night drinking in our rental. Our newly made pal left around sunrise and my hubs and I weren't quite ready to hit the hay, so we grabbed a bagel from the shop down the block to help sober us up. After our bagel we decided to talk a walk to the park. Camera in hand we set off. We walked from our rental stopping for another cup of coffee on the way.     We got to the park and expected it to be a breeze to get to the top. I could not have been more wrong, especially after drinking all night. Anyhow, we hiked to the top, and let me tell you it was totally worth the trek. I did get a lot of interesting looks going up the mountain in jeans, with my camera and a cup of coffee.    Once at the top, we were rewarded with sweeping views of the city. This is the perfect place to capture some of the best panoramas of the city below. As well as snap a few snapshots of the hubs and I that will be framed and put on the mantle.    If I lived anywhere near here I'd be spending a lot more time there, lounging on the grass, basking in the sunlight.
5	This is a must-visit attraction when you're in MTL. Gotta go. Yes, it's touristy. But you HAVE to do it. The views are spectacular. Plain and simple.
5	Beautiful park.  Finding parking was a challenge.  Be sure to allow extra time to find nearly parking  and the associated walk before you actually get to the park itself.  All else once at the park was wonderful.
5	Parc du Mont-Royal is in the beautiful city of Montreal!  If you like to walk and you enjoy nature, then going to this lovely park is a "Must Do"!!  You will be rewarded with the best views of the city, if you hike to the top.That's all I got to say, just do it!  This truly is one of the best parks anywhere!
