4	Yes, it's cougarlicious. But I must admit, this is still one of my favorite bars.  I love that I can use the Merc as a bargaining chip to get my Scottsdale peeps to come into central Phoenix.  This place is not nearly as pretentious as its Scottsdale peers, and I love it for that.  Every server and bartender here is gorgeous, but nice, down to earth - one even offered to take photos of our party...Make sure you bring your night vision goggles as the tableside tea lights don't help much.  Also cougars and their admirers are definitely on the prowl here.  Drinks are a bit pricey, but the moody, urban lounge ambiance makes up for it.
5	I love me some Merc Bar, it's tres chic from it's comfy couches to it's awesome staff.  The drinks are indeed pricey but they pack a punch so it really all evens out in the end. How can you not love a bar that's got a twin in NYC and lets you dance on the tables?!
3	I have a love/hate relationship with the Merc Bar.  I love the ambiance, I love the scotch menu, if I were single-I would love the ladies.. or I would love it as a date bar.  On the inverse side, Merc is a tad snooty.  Once, I was denied enterance purely because I was wearing a hat.  Now, this wasn't some meat-head sporty cap, nor was it a gangsta rag; no, it was simply one of those little military style caps with the short bill that you see all the hipsters wearing these days.  Comeon folks, you're in a freakin mall, LET ME WEAR MY CAP, I'M BALDING FOR GODS SAKE!!  ONLY 3 STARS FOR YOU!!!
5	There is nothing better than going to a place where the drinks are well made- and when they play your favorite music... I walked in here one night to hear France Gall - only to learn of the manager's love for french jazz music...he even made me a CD of the night's choices- Meilleurs voeux...toujours bienvenu!
4	Trendy, yes. Small, yes. Dark, yes. But I like this place. The doorman was friendly, as was the bartender. My friends and I found a place at the bar and watched the room fill up. It was a Friday night, too. The music was fantastic - electronica with just enough funk to keep your foot tapping. The wine was incredible. I tried the house Cab. I was highly impressed. I would definitely go back. I like the location. If friends were visiting out of town, I would recommend this place - it's great for those who like lounges, a variety of drinks and music that won't put you to sleep.
4	Despite my typical prejudice against swanky scenester bars in Phoenix, the Merc Bar pulls it off quite well. Located just across from Houston's in the Esplanade center, Merc Bar is perfect drink spot for a dinner and a movie date. It's dark with sultry jazz music droning from the speakers, and the cocktails are swift-hitting and flavorful. Not cheap, but not outrageous. A great night capper.
3	ha ha, this was i believe the very first bar i ever went to. i was 18 or 19, and my roommate was a bartender. he got me in and, as a young punk used to drinking 40s in the desert, i was blown away.i think i even uttered the words to my older sister, "why does everyone look like they're auditionin for a calvin klien ad?" hee, hee, how young and foolish i was. for the record she did not answer, "so they can get laid," possibly in an attempt to protect my youthful innocence, but shrugged and offered, "i dunno, hey, you have to try a cosmopolitan!" i was then in for my second big shock of drinking in bars. i again, stupidly announced, "that drink costs the same as a bottle of Gordon's!" (you know, the safeway brand vodka)... ha ha.so, to get to the point- pretty people, expensive drinks, imported cheese platter-type apps. and yes, i was utterly disappointed and scarred by the "bar scene" for years, until i made my next underage bar visit to PV.
4	I haven't been here in over a year since I lived in the biltmore.I loved this place.  Great looking women and not as pretentious as scottsdale, pretty low key yet classy. Ran into Amare one night too.7$ for a large glass of stolli vanil on the rocks. cant complain about that.
4	Welcome to one of Phoenix's classiest bars. With its dim lights, sleek designs and sexy lounge atmosphere, the Merc Bar would easily be at home in Scottsdale. However, it doesn't have the snooty vibe that clubs like Six and Dirty Pretty Rockbar give off.  The drinks are pricey, the bartenders pour strong to give you more bang for your buck. And you may even see a celebrity or two here. A few years ago I spotted R&B singer Brandy.You'll feel like you've been transported into an episode of "Sex & The City" here. There's no doubt that Carrie, Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte would give Merc Bar two thumbs up.
4	Swanky, hip, dark, loungy... perhaps a tad snobbish, but grounded enough to let you in with whatever shoes... I do always feel underdressed when I'm there though. This place has been pretty reliable for over a decade...
3	I really do love the ambiance of this bar, the design, architecture.  I'll just say that as far as the crowd, sadly it's somewhere that if Paris were in town she might go there.  Also , I was there once, ordered a mojito and the bartender gave me an unapreciative tone, like it was too much work.  I'm sorry I had to make you do something for the tip you expect, the drink did cost $13.
4	Merc Bar reminds me of a friend's basement...but your cool friend who has the basement with the bar and neat 70s lighting fixtures.   (I think it's the wood paneling that gives it this feel for me.)  I love that they have magazines you can read, it just drives in that you're at home feeling a little bit more.  But yes, its very dimly lit.  I remarked that I thought Bonnie was right and they did run out of lightbulbs.... We were there fairly early in the night and it was very laid back.   (My husband was in shorts)  I didn't get a snobbish vibe.The bartender was good, although I asked for a drink with Ketel One, Red Bull, champagne and grapefruit juice and he gave me one with Ketel One, champagne, Chambord and pineapple.  Close, I guess.  They have bag hooks under the bar which is something that I haven't seen much of here in Arizona and I was really happy about that.   (I hate having to sling my bag off the chair or lay it on the bar.) Oh,  it looked like they might have free wi fi because there was a dude in a chair with his mac laptop.Update:Ok, so I came home from Merc Bar one night ready to write an update to discover it was the ROTD!  Strange conicidence, eh?  This time out we were there on a Saturday night which is a little more hopping than an early Friday evening.  Still casual though, people in jeans, sneakers, t-shirts.  (There were people who were more dressed up, but there was definitely those who weren't.) We were seated at a table this time which I would suggest since it gets full.  Even though it was a Saturday night I still didn't get a snobbish vibe, it was a laid back atmosphere.  Our waitress was a little slow, we had to flag her down every time we wanted something which was a little annoying and she didn't know what a Kir Royale was.   The music was good, well chosen, and not too loud.I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving "all the way" to Phoenix to come here!
4	What else is there to say about the Merc Bar?  It's an old standard.  I have been coming here for years...  at one time it was the only answer to "I'm in a lounge kind of mood".  There are definitely more options in the bar category these days, but that won't stop me from coming from the Merc.  It doesn't hurt that it is close to where I live...  and it is so pleasantly dark.  Not just dimly lit.  Dark.  And randomly located.  As you walk out of the parking garage through a swarm of high schoolers headed to the Harkins, you have that moment of WTF?  And then you enter the Merc.  I quite enjoy the contrast.  Plus, a doorman there once paid me a really nice compliment.  Ever since, I get warm fuzzies walking through the front door of Merc.  Ah, the power of positive associations.
3	Trendy, dark, crowded.When I think of Merc Bar, I think "ehhh"It's not bad, just not great enough for me to remember it or frequent it on a regular basis.  The drinks are spendy, but tasty.The sausage and cheese plate is good, but not memorable.Ehh.
5	There's nothing really to say that hasn't already been said about Merc, but i wanted to add my 5-star opinion to the lot.  The music is good, the cocktails better, and the ambiance the best thing about the place.  I don't know how they manage to avoid the d-factor, but they really do.  Maybe the music, low lighting, and classy vibe settles the buckle-shoe wearers down, so, to that I say, "well done, merc"The drinks here can really add up, tho ... and its not a complaint, just be prepared for it is all.
5	I loved the Merc Bar during my first visit, last week.  It had just the right amount of everything to feel like you're out for a night on the town, but not over the top.  I loved the music selection and was surprised that such a chic lounge could pull out the soul and 80's classics that I love!  They had a decent wine selection which is what I stuck to all night.  It was also a cozy place to get a table with friends and still chat under the dim lights and awesome decor.All that being said, I'm sorry that I missed out on this place all of my years in downtown Phoenix.  Perfect location from all over the valley and a great experience.
3	***disclaimer: my friend Melissa B. loves this place (please see her review). I think the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because I have gone with her and she's a damn good time!***With that disclaimer being said, I had an good time there. I mean, the music wasn't bad, and if you have a table, it's a lot more enjoyable. I do like the decor, it's really nicely done inside, and has some pretty decent people watching. I also love the fact that it's very close to my house.Nice stuff said, now it's time for the criticism: it's somewhat ridiculous. A bit pretentious and too expensive!! Cheapest glass of wine: $9. Martinis: $12. My poor friend had $12 vodka red bull. This is not the place to go if you're looking to get a little sloshed or are not a cheap date. I will go there again, yes, because my friends LOVE it (see Eric P.'s review as well) and it makes me feel like I'm in a chicago lounge. But, I think my warnings should be heard. :)
4	I loved this place when I lived in Phoenix! Back then, 10 years ago now, this was the only bar that made me feel like I was back home (SF). I remember being so happy when my date brought me here after dinner, it was definitely a very pleasant surprise. I was back in Phoenix last year when I helped move a friend, so our first night there, I had to show her my old favorite bar. It was still the same vibe and ambiance, except now I think you have to reserve the tables or something. Anyway, we hung out at the bar and had a good time that night. I don't remember our bartender's name, but he was very nice and cute!
4	Very well done upscale atmosphere in here. Merc is also located next to lots of great restaurants... I have been in here several times and especially love it during the week when it it less jammed with people.
4	I like Merc for the dark, sexy, loungy atmosphere. I think its perfect for small groups to share a cheese platter and a bottle of Champagne. And when the music is hot....its hot! Disclaimer if you've never been: it's situated across the corridor from Houstons (Camelback)  and I think the sign above the door merely says "Bar" or "Lounge". Enjoy!
3	This is the kind of place you go when you want to feel L.A. or New York. Has a stylish trendy atmosphere, dark interior with little candles on the tables. They usually play good music, have good bartenders, etc. Of course this all comes at a price as this is HARDLY the cheapest place in town to have a drink.
5	The sign reads "Lounge" above the door. I knew I found a gem some 4 years ago. This is what it's all about. Truly dope. It's tasteful to the likes of going in to relax by yourself for a quick drink or poppin it off with friends..... Yea, it comes with a pricetag, but you get what you pay for.It's not try-hard by all means. It's consistent and reliable for every visit.Cheers!
4	Tried this again recently and really enjoyed the ride.The atmosphere is lounge-like and upscale, the tunes are perfect, and the service is top flight. I don't  appreciate going outside the bar to smoke (no patio), but overall it is a nice place to hang out in the Biltmore area.
3	I don't really like going to bars that are dimly lit and swanky before it's dark outside. There's really nothing worse than going inside a dark lounge, letting your eyes adjust while you enjoy a drink, and then exiting to the glaring sun. My husband and I met a few of his co-workers here for a drink on Friday around 6 pm. Stepping through the velvet drapes to enter is a lush touch and the decor, especially the modern art behind the bar, was sensational. The drinks were pricey but well-mixed, and the bartender was really helpful and professional. I just wasn't feeling the atmosphere at that time of night. I'll reserve any major critique of this place until I have a chance to come back another time later at night. I can see this place being a romantic spot for a late night cocktail or glass of wine, and I will definitely give it another shot. For now, I'll just give it three stars and call it a sophisticated, but dark, spot to get a decent, but pricey drink!
4	Merc is a tough place to find, almost like a speakeasy... almost. You gotta know somewhat where it is because the only sign is a little 8.5x11 sized light that says "lounge"Let me tell you about my last adventure at Merc. A friend and I were drinking at Armadillo down the street, and some random dude starts buying us drinks (I'm a male) so I make it clear to him I'm not interested. He just liked my friend (shes a female) so we went with it... free booze. Long story short, we shortly later went to Merc, and spent 3 hours there drinking. The guys bar tab was 600 bucks at Merc, to entertain the three of us, and the random occasional shots he bought for the others in the bar. I refer to it as the "drunken asshole adventure" because that guy truly was a drunken asshole, but like I said free booze. Other nights have yielded handshakes from Steve Nash, Amare Stoudemire, Samuel L Jackson, etc. It's a good place to meet those with cool jobs. It's a pretty calm place too, one of my friends once was kicked out because they deemed him to be a little too lit up. So go here, behave yourself, and have a good time!
5	This place is such a nice break from ....well...every place else? You DO get what you what you pay for. The art, for the record is NOT the attraction. The location is a wierd place near the biltmore is So So. Atmosphere and drinks are killer.Yay for Merc. Yay for no smoking. Seriously people, it causes cancer.
3	Ok, so what? I do not like this place. I never had and i never will (Probably) To me its just a failed attempt on the "Cool" from other big cities - NYC, LA, etc. Sure its dark, sure there is music, of course there is a bar. So, what the hell is there not to like then? Yummm.... i do not know. Maybe tasteless blasting music is 40Db too loud for my aging ears. Maybe fact that i had to wait 10+ min for a drink just to find out that there is no mint for my Mojito does not sit well with me. Maybe few too many women that should be babysitting their grandkids instead of srutting their aging "Stuff" around making my old eyes hurt. Or perhaps a combination of all of the above. Bahh! Screw this place. If i did not NEED to go here i would have never set my foot there on my own."I like. NOT!"
3	If you're a raging metrosexual or a woman willing to deal with one, then this is the place for you!  Overall the bar is pretty nice with a dark and "mysterious" atmosphere.  The drinks are a bit pricey and skip on the food...it WAY over priced.  The music is pretty good and the vibe is contemporary hip.  People wise, it's a great place to meet after work or to start a night out.  I would not spend a long period of time there.  The women are usually very prettty.....they guys are too, but you totally get the bisexual vibe here.  I know girls and guys who picked up both sexes here.  (Which is pretty wild.)  A number of traveling business men here looking for a quickie at their hotel across the street.  (I'm just being honest here).     Aside from that it's a pretty ok place.  A good place to go for an after dinner cocktail from Houstons.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE! Being from the Bay Area I am all about a nice loungy atmosphere. This spot is right up my ally! Great music, chill vibe and good drinks. It's dimly lit and they play some good down tempo house music. My dirty Sapphire martini's were excellent... and they should be at $11a pop. I expected this place to be rather snobbish from what I had heard from a few people but I found it quite the opposite. It was a good mix of people, I'll say it was an "older crowd" but certainly not in a bad way. It just wasn't a bunch of random college age kids getting drunk and being stupid.
4	This place definitely has an upscale loungy feel to it. The only way I found out about it is because I work right in that area. I can see how it would be a nice change of pace from the typical clubs around the valley. It would be a good place to start the evening and maybe impress some people visiting from out of town. Think of a place you would see in L.A. or Chicago. I have been to places like this in each of these cities, dark, swanky, cool, hip. My secret hint for this place is that you can see certain Suns players come in late at night to hang out.
4	The things I really like about this place are the interior and the music.  They are both hip, chic and funky.  The fact that is somewhat hidden away in the Esplanade is nice too.It's a great after dinner spot with equally impressive people watching.  I am a fan of the Vacation Martini and the comfy couches.
4	Put on your most stylish threads and show up with a date, although not a first date.. the music is always blaring, and that would be awkward. Almost as awkward as people who still think going to the movies on a first date is a good idea. Nothing says "I don't like you" more than sitting in forced silence for two hours. But I digress. Merc Bar.. That place is quite dark and sleek inside -- very much a lounge. The drinks are all mostly $10+, but all of the bartenders I've been served by have been more than competent in their mixology skills.This is a little piece of New York or Chicago nestled in between an ice cream shop and some other place.. I always forget what that other place is. But a visit to the Merc should be done at least once or twice.
4	I dig this place because of the loungy feel to it.Drinks will be pricey but hey it's fun to splurge on $10 drinks now and then right =)
4	We finally went back to Merc Bar last Saturday night and as I suspected would happen, I liked the place a lot better when it was dark outside! My husband and I took my sister (who was in town for the weekend) to meet a few friends before dinner at Lola Tapas (review to come in a few minutes). We were the first people in the bar, which was a little awkward at first but kind of nice, since we had a fancy, chic space all to ourselves! We all enjoyed our drinks, including my husband's and my dirty martinis. My only gripe was that they didn't come with the blue cheese olives mentioned on the menu already in them. Instead, the server brought them to our table and then asked if we wanted the olives. I still don't think I'd linger at Merc Bar for hours (unless I was drinking Red Bull drinks to stay awake!) because I find the vibe just a bit too underground for my tastes, but I will definitely be back for a pre or post dinner drink.
3	A few things about Merc Bar:1. Inside its a dark lounge with comfy leather couches, this bar plays jazz and serves $12 cocktails....but....IT IS IN A STRIP MALL (which is maybe the case with everything in Phoenix).  It's impossible not to feel like the place is trying too hard.  And if you don't feel the same maybe YOU'RE trying too hard.1a.  Merc Bar feels like a place you should go if you're having an affair - its dark and if you go early enough the joint is empty and the drinks are strong.  It's got a great location - it's close to the mall, it's close to the corporate parks and, depending on your price point, it's close to hotels as well.  Best of all, should you see your significant other out and about you can always say you were going to McCormik & Schmick's for a gift certificate for him/her for his/her birthday, big promotion celebration, GED graduation and/or your anniversary.  Totally believable alibi.2.  I didn't have the cheese plate, but I read the menu....umm...really?  That's the best you can do?  I've assembled a more interesting cheese plate at the grocery store.  For 1/8 of the price.So why the three stars you ask....?  Numbers 3, 4 and 5:3.  Holy Crap the White Port Mojito is by far one of the best and most innovative cocktails I've had in a long time.  If you're a fan of Port I highly recommend trying it.  4. Merkin jokes.  Always funny.  Even funnier at the Merc Bar.5.  Merc Bar is far superior to "Deemos" across the fake, strip mall boulevard.
3	I really like the vibe and the drinks.  But at night, the music can be downright deafening.
5	When I first moved to Phoenix, I was walking around the Esplanade and saw this place.  I had lived in NYC for years and had lived on Mercer street where there was a "Merc Bar" so thought I would go in and see if there was any connection.  Sure enough, this place is the 2nd location of the NYC Merc Bar.  Since I live across the street I come here fairly regularly.  I'm usually a wine or beer drinker and my only critique would be the limited selection of draft beers and very small wine list.  To their credit, their three beer tap usually has both Stella and Guinness, two of my favorites.  Nonetheless, I still have not found a wine there that I really love.  Not many people realize that they do make some excellent cheese plates if you need to snack on something.  And the bar always has both goldfish and pretzels.  If you are on a date, the really great thing is that you can grab a cozy table in the back and talk if you don't want to deal with the bar scene.
5	This is an upscale place in the heart of Phoenix.  Not only did the door man recognize us every time we were there, the waitress did too (what can I say I am a good tipper).  She even got us a table on New Year's Eve with no reservation.  This impressed my out of town friends immensely.  They have some great signature cocktails (a little pricey but worth it).  Great top shelf liquor selection. It is a bit hard to find.  Located deep in the Esplanade, the only sign states "Lounge" in light blue neon lights.  The only drawback is that cheese plate is a 2 cheese minimum ($14 each).  It was a bit much for two people, although quite tastey.  If you are looking to impress a date with drinks after dinner or a client after work, this is the place for you.  Located right next to the Ritz-Carlton, the place is filled with business types and ladies ready to snatch them up.
4	Two things you'll see at Merc Bar on weekends: near-elderly masters of the universe picking up on gold diggers, and The Real Housewives of Maricopa County. Fantastic people watching, really. I once watched a bottle of Cris delivered to a table of grandpas in an ice bucket with neon chaser lights swirling around the bottom, a beacon to the 20-something +2s who promptly flooded their table with silicone and Jennifer Lopez perfume.The vibe is a lot different on weeknights. Less crowded, of course. A little more hip, a lot less Barcelona. My now-husband and I came here on our first date, sipping martinis at a low table in the lounge area and fell for each other, so Merc holds a special place in my heart. But even without that, the atmosphere is great, dark and mysterious, and every drink I've ever had there has been exceptionally well-made.
4	Ok this place is almost impossible to find. I walked right by it and wound up over at the McCormick's before I called a friend who kindly informed my that it was across from Houston's. Finally, I saw the tiny little sign by the door, and after peering at it for a minute realized that I had found it and pulled open the door. It's a great little joint, it really is. I almost imagine that this is what Hernado's Hideaway might have been like, had it been in Phoenix (I know *bum bum* a dark *bum bum* secluded place...). Dark and interesting, it just...it doesn't feel like it's trying too hard, which I like a lot. Well, not on a Tuesday night, anyway. It's the kind of place where you go in and you feel like nobody's expecting anything out of you...you can just sit at table or on one of their little couches and just hang out...no pressure, no expectations. Guess that's the difference between a place like this in L.A. and a place like this...well, pretty much anywhere else but L.A. It's just...normal. I miss normal.ANYWAY, enough about that. More about the drinky-drinks. My fellow lounge-mate ordered Greyhounds throughout the evening (which he claimed weren't the best he'd ever had), but I was a bit more adventurous. I started the evening with a Cosmopolitan, which was not only excellent, but was preceded by the waitress' very impressive walk over to our table, Cosmo in hand, which she performed without spilling a drop of the drink (which was almost sloshing over the sides of the martini glass). Next was a Sophia Loren, which included a strawberry puree and some kind of alcohol that I can't remember...suffice it to say, it was yummy, too. After that was Prosecco, which was...eh. Just ok. I've had better. My last drink of the evening was the Merc Mojito, and as my sister is so fond of saying, "a restaurant is only as good as it's worst Mojito." In this case, The Merc Bar is gooooood...my mojito had some good mint-muddling going on, and was just perfectly sweet. Mmmm!I'd go back for sure...I feel like The Merc Bar and I now have a special bond (yeah...right), which is good enough for me!
4	Good things about the Merc Bar:  It's dark inside and the decor makes it feel kinda swanky.  The service is very friendly.  They have lots of comfy chairs and couches for anyone to sit down.  The location is good - in the Esplanade, right across from the Biltmore,  where there's lots of restaurants you might be eating at (and includes free parking in the garage if you validate!) and it's kinda hidden, so you feel cool going there.  They have a great drink menu with a wide selection.Minus one star because the drinks are a little on the pricey side.I know there have been some negative reviews about the old age of the regular patrons, but honestly, when I've been there, it's been a good mix of 20-somethings to 40-somethings.  If you're in the Biltmore area, Merc Bar is definitely a place worth checking out as a start to the night or for a date.
4	Honestly, I'm only writing this review because I just made a list titled "Places I Get Crizzunk" and Merc Bar absolutely has to be on it. Because, well, I do. I'm not sure what it is about the place... I think because they don't really serve food here so just by showing up you're basically letting everyone know that you're there to party. Or maybe because the music is a little too loud to have a conversation, but it's not really a dancing place either. Or because it's all inside so you can't smoke and drink. Whatever the reason, Merc nights usually result in an extremely bad hangover for me the next morning. But I never learn my lesson and tend to end up there at least once a month.Last time, someone who was equally crizzunk started a Conga line when "Jump in The Line" came on...I jumped on (of course)...I mean, c'mon, who wouldn't want to do a Conga line to that song? But apparently the Merc crowd is too cool for school and weren't having it.  I know it's supposed to be swanky and classy, but really it's just a close place to my house that I drink at. Sorry in advance if I ruin your ambiance, but I always have an extremely good time here.
4	Sexy. Sultry. Dark. Cocaine. Cougars. Money. Athletes. Location. Leather. Cherry. See. Seen. Smooth. Drink. Drunk. DUI. Stiff. Staff. Longing. Shutters. Downers. Drug. Mink. Lust. Subtle. Sound. Hip. Swank. Hillary. Must. Musk. Heels. Haven. Rich. Refined. Brash. Fur. Stare. Gaze. Stalker. Police. Arrests. Artist. Velvet. Yes.
5	If you are wanting to escape the "trashy ASU-crowd pretending to have money" crowd of Old Town Scottsdale (ie Devils Martini) in exchange for some class, go to the Merc Bar. Unlike places like Myst, you won't have to deal with ASU students dressing up and pretending they are working professionals who have money and intelligence. Scottsdale used to be nice but since ASU continues to increase its class sizes, they just migrated up north. The Merc is full of true educated professionals who have class and don't need to rub their genitals on you while you order a drink nor will you see two trashy John Cena wannabe meatheads  with shaved heads and tight button down shirts getting into a fist fight. The Merc represents a different time and generation when people had jobs, money and class.  Think 10 years ago when people who were 25 were working for companies instead waiting tables, There are no meatheads here. It's not a sausage fest in which 80% of the place is full of guys in groups of 5 who are all staring down the few attractive women in the place. There are no thug or redneck bouncers at the door trying to intimidate you or make you feel small. In short this is a place with class and substance.It makes me laugh when people say it's nice and dark because that used to be the norm before Scottsdale decided to turn Porn-star. Thankfully, the Merc still has that vibe in which you can actually talk to people. I also laugh at the concept of "metrosexual dress" which for all intents and purposes means the people here dress sexy but not slutty. Is there cocaine here...it wouldn't suprise me because the people here can afford it unlike the 30K millionaire waiters who need to make their 8 am classes on Monday morning in Tempe
4	Love this place! Second only to the Vig! (PS: if you ask George, The Vig-Rig driver nicely, he will even drive you there for free if you start at the Vig like we usually do :-) ) Not only for the 30 second car ride it take to get there from my house, but just the feel of the place is cool. It's really chill, but kind of upscale nice at the same times. There is a large bar you can sit at, or two different sitting areas with couches and soft candle light. On the weekend is tends to become standing room only. My friends and I are pretty close with he staff and never have a bad night. Sean, the manager, always makes everyone feel welcome and makes sure they are taken care of. I will warn you though, if you are looking to have a chill night and keep it to a drink or two, don't go here. Make sure to wear your party pants! This is where my friend and I spent last New Years Eve, and it was amazing. Champagne toast at mid night and great music. you might have a hard time finding it though, as there isn't a sign outside or anything.... we like to keep it a little secret. It's at the Biltmore on Phoenix, next to Houston's. Cheers!
4	The place is cute.  I came here to enjoy a stiff drink after dealing with all the nut jobs at True Foods Kitchen.  The place is dark and sexy and a great place if you want to continue a date and get all sorts of romantical.  The bartender makes a pretty good gimlet and an amazing dirty martini.  Where's the Stoli though?  A little sad about that.I know this is a weird thing to comment on, but I love their water.  It's a huge turnoff for me when restaurants serve water that tastes like metal, but this place had water that tasted like SmartWater.  I really enjoyed that.This isn't a five star joint because of the redic reserved tables on a Wednesday night.  And it was reserved for a gaggle of "Woo!" girls who would not stop taking blinding pictures!
4	I totally forgot about Merc until the other night when my companion and I required additional alcoholic beverages after the bottle of wine we'd inhaled at True Foods. Quite an improvement since the days when we'd run across Camelback in heels, hoping a Beemer-driving drunk wasn't careening down the road at that exact time. The tunnel makes your transition into the dark sultriness of the Merc Bar that much easier.OK, admittedly, I forgot how sexy it is. I suppose in my more actively drinking days we'd end up here on the weekends, when it was SRO and the music rendered all conversation impossible. On weeknights, it's a different scene. Quiet, but not awkwardly so. Our server? Super hot, wearing an extremely short dress, doing lots of bending over and squatting at inopportune times, thus sending my companion into a bit of a frenzy. In addition to being hot, she was actually nice. A rarity, no? I know the drinks are expensive. What is the special ingredient they add behind the bar? Roofies? All I know is, I went in very mildly buzzed and left shitfaced. No, I'm not complaining.Rad. It's going back on my weeknight rotation.
5	Wow...if you are looking for a great date bar to take a lady for a fine drink and want to set the mood....this place is definitly at the top of the list for me and you would be wise to place it on yours as well.  Super dark, swanky, candles, couches,great dj and some nites they have live acoustic.  If your date is not into you by the end of the evening at this place she never will be my man.  I am pretty sure if Tiger had a mistress in Phoenix and didnt want to be seen he would take her to Merc Bar.
4	i would give this place five stars, but the service is slow and lame.  love the aspen - cabin vibe.  music is a bit loud so hard to have conversation with friends.
5	This place is hidden, and hard to find for someone whose not familiar with the area.  Great people, great martinis and great customers.  My favorite bar in town.  The people who work there have been around for a while.  They know you by your name and they feel comfortable to shake your hand or give you a hag......  Sofia Lauren Martini and some oldies are one of my favorite drinks at Merc.  They have another one in NY which i have been there but i prefer the one in Phx.
4	Ask for Simon!  He makes the most unique and inventive drinks.  My boyfriend and I went there last weekend and I had no idea what to get so I asked for something with Ginger and Simon whipped up a drink (not on the menu) and it was delicious!  If you love Ginger, you must ask Simon to make this drink.  The bar is very quiet and they had an amazing selection of music.  I kept Shazaming the songs with my iPhone app.  We'll be back next weekend!
4	This place has great drinks (especially martinis) but they are totally overpriced...so, stop here for a drink or two and then move on. The atmosphere is really chill, and they usually have a dj who totally rocks. It's a lounge and pretty sexy inside and I think a great place for a date.
1	OMG! what the heck happened to this place? It hasn't even been more than a year since I was there last, and it has totally gone down the drain. the ladies restroom was worse than a truck stop restroom. I've driven coast to coast 4 times, and from CA to AZ a plethora of times and have never been in a bathroom as sick as theres was. Worse part about it was the managers rude reaction. I pointed out the fact that the toilet paper was all wet, making it impossible for anyone to use it and all he did was pile up rolls on the top of the toilet. He didn't even bother asking anyone to clean up the paper droppings; being that the toilet paper was coming off in chunks there must have been at least 20 pieces of toilet paper all over the floor. I guess that is why the place was dead at midnight on a Friday. The over priced drinks, the horrible toilet paper and the bartender tossing ice all over the bar each time he poured a drink might also have something to do with it. I'm just saddened that with the influx of new businesses going in across the street, improving the area, this place is going straight downhill. The manager Sunny was a smart A-S when I brought the restroom issue to his attention as well. Guess I shouldn't have expected anything more, especially when the first thing you walk through when you arrive at this bar is a cigarette cloud; as you have to go out front to smoke. This used to be my favorite spot, but alas the times are a changing!
4	This place was cool six years ago. I loved their copper tables with dim lighting. The flickering candlelights would catch the light off their tables setting a mischievous tone. I especially loved their martini menu. They had delicious mojitos before they became trendy. Most of all I loved Carson and the people he attracted. They were mostly young professionals who had style. I saw him turn people away just to maintain a certain crowd. Carson was always such a gracious host to his guests.  He was passionate about keeping Merc's cool ambiance. I hope their legacy continues.....
4	This is a cool little bar in Phoenix.  It is right out of NYC, accept for the attitude of the staff, as they are clearly from Phoenix!I really like this bar and it is a good place to hang out.  My only issue is that they like to keep the blinds open to the outside, which really hurts the mystique.  I want to go to a dark bar with great music and not be reminded by the bright lights outside that I am still in metro AZ.  Yes, I am a New Yorker and want to get away from all of the chain BS.Check out the bar.  You will not be disappointed.  Be sure to try the Moscow Mule, as the server is the authentic way with Russian Standard Vodka!  It is the real deal!!
4	This place is unlike any place I've been to overall in Arizona. This lounge has such a dark and sultry feel to it. Barely lit, with velvet couches, leather chairs and barely lit lantern lights and a beautiful oversized mirror on the wall.  When my date and I had a seat and I was able to take in the ambiance, I couldn't help but notice the clientale. Very well dressed, upscale, sexy and almost secretive. The setup of the seating, seems to bring you in closer to whom you are with, which just looks shady or sexy, depending on the voyeur. The music was nice for the setting and the cocktail waitress was a sweetheart. We ordered the Dirty Martini's w/ bleu cheesed stuffed olives (my fave) and the bartender nailed it and even gave us a tastey orange drink to sip on. Tasted almost like a rich orange julius.Anywho, if money isn't a problem and you are looking for a very relaxed, sexy environment to take a date or enjoy with some friends, I highly suggest you take a moment to check out this spot.
4	I haven't been here in quite a while, but when I was coming here, they had a jazz band doing rock and alternative covers (their name is The Latest, though I don't think they play here anymore). The place is totally trendy, but I really see that as a good thing here.
4	Considering how douche-y it could be, it's really not that douche-y.Drinks are expensive but prepared right. Service is good. The seating is comfortable and the atmosphere relaxing. Note to the single guys wearing chin-strap beards and Affliction t-shirts while looking nervous and sitting at tables alone and not approaching women: Try "Hello" or "Nice outfit" or "Those martinis are great, aren't they?" or something. I'm old and fat and dress like I'm teaching a fishing class, but I'm not afraid of girls. Just talk to them like they are people.
4	My niece came in from LA for the day and since she was staying at the Ritz, I suggested the MercBar.Always liked this place and still do.  My niece and I had some great conversations over some dirty mules.  She's a drink aficionado and apparently, the MercBar made the dirty mule to her liking . . .
4	Tried this place out a couple weeks ago on a whim and must have picked the right night to go.  They had a live band that played great music.  The drinks were definitely pricey, but were good.  I wouldn't go here all the time, but it is nice bar that avoids a lot of the scottsdale club scene if you want to get away from that.
5	Since I'm a glutton for punishment, I've read both of Ayn Rand's popular Objectivist novels. There are scenes from both The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged that remind me of the atmosphere at MercBar, and I really love pretending like I am a character in the books. I take nerd to the next level, obviously. The ambiance is timeless with the low couches, leather chairs, dark wood paneling, and super dim lighting. There are candles everywhere, and most of the customers come dressed very nicely. The drinks are fantastic! The bartender, Brent, makes the best drinks: take advantage of it if you are able to snag a drink from him. The waitresses are all very nice and will walk you through their signature cocktails if you so desire. I just tried the cheese and fruit plate, and I think it is the perfect pairing for any of the drinks on the menu. It provides a little something for your stomach while you throw all those drinks back. This is really the perfect place for a date or a group of friends. The atmosphere is very intimate, but the music lends itself to a fun environment as well.
5	Love the ambiance of this bar, it truly feels like you've left phoenix and arrived in NYC... however, be prepared to pay NYC prices here. Very cool inventive cocktails, comfortable lounge setting, elcectic menu, and music to match the mood! Hands down my favorite bar in Phoenix! If you feel like getting dressed up and not having to deal with your typical Scottsdale crowd, check this place out!! And try a dirty martini!!
4	Another hole in the wall like Mabel's on Main. What they also share is the cool, dim lit interior, great music, wonderful service, and a nice clique of beautiful and sophisticated people - fewer of the average Scottsdale douchebags, which suits me just fine. (They're in Spanish Fly on Sat/Sun afternoons - quite a sight!). Recommend Merc almost as much as I love Mabel's.Why not 5... place was empty of a Saturday night. Go figure for such a gem!
1	I really hate to do this, because I have been a fan of the Merc Bar for years, but its a must.  My fiance & I were looking for a place to entertain our wedding party the weekend before our wedding and it was clear to us that the Merc Bar would be the perfect place.  We love the atmpsphere.  It usually has a nice & mature crowd.  The service is usually good.  It was perfect.  Unfortunately, it was the management and not the lounge that ruined our perspective of the venue.  The manager (Tommy) was slow/nearly impossible to reach and even harder to get info out of.....i.e. Whats your process for group reservations. He seemed annoyed that I conntact him and unwilling to make time for us.  After several incomplete emails he finally called me, at my request, but it became clear, after 5 mins on the phone, that he did not want our business.  It was also apparent that he lacked basic customer service skills.Since, the goal of the evening is relax & enjoy our time with our friends, not to worry about bad service, we took our covo with Tommy as a hint that the Merc Bar would not be a good fit.  We need a place with a more mature management staff.....so, we're going with the Montelucia.  Its a nice upscale resort, with an awesome spa, a very nice lounge & live music on Saturday night, a great pool & nice rooms.   Truly perfect.
5	Cool bar with no signs. Dark lounge feel with great music.
4	I liked this place, I wish it was not freezing cold inside, otherwise I would have stayed longer.  I had a strawberry lemondrop martini, it was delicious.  The place has a very cool vibe.  There were not many patrons when we went, of course it was a little early for a Saturday night.   Yes, the drinks are not cheap, but it is worth for a fun night with friends.
5	Merc bar hits just the right pitch for me in Phoenix. Always starts out slow (we got there early for the real estate) and ends up kinda packed. Staff and music always good and you don't feel like you are in one of those ridiculous cirque du soleil type places in Scottsdale full of shiny, happy young republicans nor one of the downtown spots full of emo, salty, better than thou modified arts types that think they are in the East Village circa 1980. Ugh! I'll take Merc each and every time, Thanks!
2	I visited Merc Bar for the 3rd time on Thursday night to meet some friends. I was never that impressed by it before, but wasn't opposed to it like I am now after that night. We had to signal one female server over so someone at my table could order another beer. She responded like she was being inconvenienced. When a "Boulder Hazed and Confused" was ordered, she looked like the guy was crazy and said, "I don't think we have that" to which he replied, "I just had one." So, not only was she annoyed by having to serve us, she didn't even know the bar menu like the back of her hand like any good server would.On to my difficulties in getting a drink: a male server came over to bus our table and take any orders. I ordered another glass of wine, and over the next 20 minutes, I watched him serve/bus other tables, hug patrons, and open a Christmas gift. No vino for me. The only positive part of the night was when I went to the bartender, told him what occurred, and he comped my wine. The bartenders seem less aloof, so I suggest getting all of your drinks from them.The Merc Bar seems to be one of those places to go if you're only interested in being seen, mingling with douchey patrons, and you're not concerned about receiving good service (even though their mixed speciality drinks command $12). It is like the Neiman Marcus of bars, where some of the employees act like they are better than you are, even though they work there and you're the one there spending money. On the upside, they had a band and their seating is inviting, but the wait staff remove that vibe almost immediately.
4	I have been to Merc Bar numerous times since this is one of my friends favorite places to grab drinks. Me and the girls decided to come here on a Saturday night recently to celebrate her b-day and it was super packed by 9:30PM. This place is definitely a little gem and the ambiance very surprising when you walk in. I love that most of the time it's just dark enough and there's usually a good mix of music playing; I also love that there is always an eclectic mix of people here ranging from people on first dates, b-day parties, to "that guy" trying to look cool at the bar.  After living in Vegas for 7+years I can say that this is actually a real lounge. I've found that many places in AZ claim to be lounges but when you walk in it's a full on club with super loud music and people dancing every where and little to no seating. At Mer Bar there's plenty of seating and the music is just loud enough to create that lounge like setting but you can actually hold a convo. Be advised that the drinks are not cheap! A specialty cocktail or martini goes for minimum $12 a pop so be prepared. Their food selection isn't that large so the only thing I've tried was their cheese and cracker platter which was perfect to snack on. Service is pretty hit or miss, on our last visit there was only 1 lady working the entire place, she said the other person called in but we had no complaints since we were having an awesome time chatting. All in all a good spot to start or end the night!
4	Cooler than average chill spot to come to, especially if you are on a date. You can cozy up in a quiet corner and have some drinks and really get to know someone. If you have never been, it can be a little hard to find, but worth it.
3	We came here two nights in a row and we honestly had a blast! The music is loud and rocking and the atmosphere is cool. We were staying right around the corner at the Ritz so it was convenient  to walk to. The first night we went we noticed the bartender consuming large amounts of alcohol while working, from shots to beers, was kinda strange but we were having a good time so I guess we didn't mind. Our friend left his sweater there so we went back the next night and they didn't have it. That was strange because we sat at the bar and no one else was around us except the bartender...... That second night we sat in a booth and a blonde cocktail waitress waited on us. We ordered some beers and a round of shots. She brought back 5 shots and we told her we only ordered 4. She said "I know ones for me"! Okay I'm starting to get it, the staff drink with the patrons! By the end of the night she was slurring and totally hammered! I don't know how they run a business like this. It was weird. Twilight zonish. We had fun but the staff is drinking the profits!
1	hours posted are wrong. arrived here at 4:45 today, opened door and was greeted by a woman telling me they didn't open until 5:30. well as of now posted hours here are from 4. I get that hours change and not all media gets updated, but their doors were open and their hours reported as such. No offer to be seated and offered a drink anyway or even an incentive to return during new business hours. just a simple we are closed until 5:30 and an escort out.  I repeat, hours posted on this site as of writing this review reflect my attempted patronage. lock your door or update online info or be courteous. there were only 2 of us, and not even a question if there would be more which there wasn't. never been here before. probably will not try again thanks to this experience
5	Great atmosphere, great drinks, friendly staff and plenty of places to sit. It's the best little bar you've never heard of and unless someone tells you about it, you're not likely to just stumble upon it.
5	Definitely one of the coolest bars in Phoenix.  Hidden, so you'll never know about it unless you know about it, and even then, will probably walk all over the wierd office complex it is in to find it.  But once inside, it's dark, woody, hip, just perfect really.  Even the crowd is not so douchy, it seemed.
5	I don't frequent bars all that often (mostly because I don't enjoy them) but Merc is my favorite, hands down.  It's got a cool, speakeasy, Prohibition-era vibe that is really unusual.  The cocktail menu is by far the most interesting I've ever seen.  You don't go there to drink - you go there to experience.  We sat at the bar last night and were greatly entertained by the bartender and chef.  The bartender (I think his name was Aaron?) really knew his stuff.  I truly wish I lived closer...
5	great place! love the inside lighting, and most importantly the waitress we had was great! will return and plan on hosting event there
4	Easily one of the coolest bars in Phoenix. I've been coming here for  years, and the service, crowd, and ambience are always cool.
3	The Merc has been around since before Biltmore lost its hip, and it is still a cozy bar at times, but as the working crowd clears out on a weekend, it becomes a little too skeezy for comfort. If we're ordering bottles of spendy bubbly, we kind of like to chat, and once the deejay sets up, the throb is way too loud for the tiny venue. The swank dressiness of the place descends into stripper sleaze, and all before 11:00 pm. Offering more than crockpot meatballs on the menu might help, as would offering valet service. The couches and tables are comfy, though, and the service friendly and quick as ever. I guess it's become a pre-shift watering hole for the Van Buren troops of dancers - an attraction for some and a repellant for others.
4	Definitely a cool, sheek, lounge in the heart of the Biltmore. The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed. The heart warming vibe makes you feel instantly at home.This is by far the hippest and most chic lounge I've seen in this area. Drink prices are reasonable, and the service is second to none. MercBar is great for a girls night or simply a night out in town with a small group of friends. It does get pretty crowded after about 8pm so plan on getting there a little bit earlier. Overall, this place is definitely worth visitng.
5	Two words: Jalepeno Margarita.  Just go.  Trust me.
4	So I'll mention the drink first because that's probably why you went here (or it should be).  First off, cordial responsive bartender like that of yesteryear.  I don't why this tradition has died in favor of bartenders that tend to ignore you and demand more than a dollar to pop a bottle top, but nay, that is not what MercBar offers.  I ordered my go to drink of Campari and Soda.  Kudos to knowing what Campari was because he immediately grabbed it without searching.  After this drink, I followed up with a "Moscow Mule".  Again bartender did not disappoint, quickly yet methodically, indeed caringly, crafted my brew.  I was pleased how well cucumbers soften the edge of vodka.As for the ambiance, I'm a bit confused how to rate it.  The clientele seems to be superficially well off and no one was sloppy in this upscale place.  However, for the same reasons I was nauseated by investment banking, does this crowd annoy me.  Don't get me wrong, I'm as snobby and obnoxious as they come, but I like to think I'm authentic about it and I know it's a fault of mine.  I suppose what bothers me about the clientele here, is that bar conversations tend to revolve around name dropping and pronouncing why each person is more accomplished than the next.  All in all a decent show, but a tragic, sad show but I would return soooo.....4 stars?
4	Took hubby here for pre-birthday dinner drinks, and we loved it! Love the dimly lit bar & terrific ambiance.  The bartender was very friendly and recommended great drinks. Had the best Bellini I've ever had.  Can't say it's cheap, we spent $50 just on 4 drinks, but for a special occassion it was worth it.
2	Girls' night out. We stopped in here after dinner for some cocktails. I liked the decor immediately. Dim, cozy, cool looking bar. I didn't really care for where we were seated, but it's a cool place nonetheless. They have an interesting cocktail menu divided by types of liquor. So if you're a fan of gin, vodka, rum, etc you can choose your drink accordingly. I sampled the Sophia Loren and Pisco Sour, which were $12 a pop. The SL was great, the PS I've had better elsewhere. Here's what rubbed me the wrong way about service: two of my friends are pregnant and we chose MercBar because it seemed like the type of place that could make a couple sexy virgin cocktails. However, when we inquired if they could fix up some "mocktails" for our friends, the waitress simply said "oh well do you want some juice?...or do you just want water." She didn't even ask the bartender or put an ounce of effort into pleasing my two friends at our table of four. That being said this place lacked major stars for customer service, and in my book that counts for a lot.
5	Very nice environment.  I would definitely go here again.  The bartenders really know how to make some luscious specialty drinks!!
4	Order the Moscow Mule; I promise, you will not be disappointed.It's a great bar; a gem in douche land that is AZ.  Great drinks, great service, most times.  I've been quite a few times and it depends on who the hostess/waitress is.  One girl is friendly, fun and attentive, the other is cold, annoyed by your presence, and unhelpful.  The bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly.  All in all, a great place to grab a drink before a movie, or  a great place to simply enjoy the night with a group or the lucky lady (or man) in your life.
5	I dont really like the Scottsdale crowd/vibe anymore, ( maybe getting a little old here), and Merc is a nice lounge to have some drinks with good company. Depending on your luck, and which day you go, it will either be completely empty, or filled with corporate type of guys who just cant wait to buy you all your friends drinks. It is nicely dimmed and cozy, and I always had a great time here. I did have an issue once where I was overcharged, but manager gave me a credit for next time. I would have preferred he just fixed this error, but he said he couldnt because of the computer ( ??!!! ???). Anyways, I will be back and use my credit!
3	This place was actually pretty hard to find as there are not signs outside the building. I would recommend using the valet  as the parking behind the building ends up being a lot more expensive.  When we got there the place was pretty full, therefore, the service was not the best. Our waitress took about 30 minutes to come around and get out order so our experience was not the best. There was also a DJ spinning all night long, mostly R&B and hip hop, but there were all today's hits. The place has a small dancing floor, but to be honest most of the people were not even dancing. Not a bad atmosphere but not the best bar/lounge either.
3	Merc Bar has been around for quite some time.  The place has stand the test of time and I can appreciate that.  One thing about this place is it's always able to adapt and be consistent.  That's why place works.  The place itself is swanky and smooth.  So trendy and cool, but that's what kind of people come in this bar.  I've always walked in this bar and bumped into someone I knew.  Needless to say I hang with cool people - wink!  There's not a lot of lounges around the Biltmore area so I would definitely recommend a drop by if you're around.  Great place to stop after the movies upstairs or dinner at Del Frisco's next door. - Enjoy!
5	This is by far one of my favorite spots!! It's kind of hidden near the theater area, so it can be hard to find. The inside is dark and chic. It's classy and trendy. This place is for almost everyone, there are hipsters and the "I live in the biltmore estates" and just regular people. It's great! It's perfect for when you don't feel like having a wild night and just enjoying a quieter night with friends. Their drinks are Delish! And so are the appetizers! Service is awesome! Music is good!Awesome place all around!
5	If you are after a pure bar ... this is it.  Bartenders that know their craft.  Interesting atmosphere.  Expensive but classy.  Top shelf products avaialble.  Interesting cocktail list and they'll custom bend upon request.  Theay are proudly difficult to find the first time (no sign/non-descript) - "we've been here 16 years ... the right people know where we are".  Francesco (Italian dude, hope I remembered your name correctly) is a pro.  When in town, I will be back .
4	one of my go-to cocktail spots in the biltmore area.  this place has been here forever but somehow manages to still maintain that "cool" appeal.  they have great cocktails and their weekend djs always play a good mix of songs.  the darkly lit interior and low-seating definitely help create a timeless feel when you're there. my normal drink is a moscow mule, but the sweet little sixteen and the blackbird are tasty as well.  they also have some upscale bar food if you're interested in snacking while you throw back your 4th old fashioned.
4	I loved the atmosphere here.  Very classy and lounge-y (is that a real word?).  On a Monday night there were only a few people here but that was nice because it meant my friend and I could get one of the tables with a couch and not have to fight anybody for it.  Right after we sat down our waitress came over to see if we knew what we wanted.  I asked about what kinds of flavored vodka's they had and she wasn't too sure but she did go and check for me which I appreciated.I went with a Stoli Raspberry and lemonade which was perfect and my friend ordered the Limerick.  He seemed to like it but I thought it was gross, personal preference I guess.  When our waitress made her second trip over I asked if they had any food which I guess they only have on the weekend but she did bring me some pretzels and goldfish which was cute and tided me over until we left and I could get some real food.  She was super friendly the only time and very timely with checking on us and bringing more drinks.  I would definitely come back in the future.
4	Jeff the bar tender is awesome. He is really down to earth and would recommend sitting at the bar
2	I don't know what happened to this place!  They once had great bartenders that knew how to make some amazing cocktails, not to mention they could handle a full bar in stride....I went there last week and this place is just awful now in comparison.  I am sorry Merc, your service was poor and slow, with a kind of haughty, supercilious demeanor.  Not sure I will be back.
5	Came back on a Friday night and it was even better.  Friend and I were able to snag a couple seats at the at the bar and had a great time.  If possible try to get Aaron as your bartender, he only works on Fridays and Wednesdays but he was awesome.  He was just asking us what kind of liquor we wanted and creating these awesome drinks for us.  My friend had something with egg whites in it that he loved, another that tasted like key lime pie and I had something called a Sophia Loren that was amazing.  Even the people in the bar sitting next to us were cool.  The atmosphere here is just great.  This is definitely one of my new favorite spots to be.
5	Wow. Even on a weekday evening with no one inside, this bar is worth visiting. It's set up speakeasy style with only a placard near the entrance door with the name on it. The inside is very dark and sultry. Lights shine on black and grey photos/ artwork above the bar. There are couches and tables. Our group relaxed on some couches and ordered several drinks off the menu and shared. Their take on the old fashioned was delicious. Though I can't remember the name, the rosemary-topped gin based martini was the absolute best. This place is fancy, for sure, but they don't seem to mind a flip flop before 7 or 8pm. Great services as well.
5	What a swanky little establishment. Great music selection great scenery and great waitstaff. I was greeted by Adam who suggested some great drinks and got us a table in no time. Our waitress Tasha was incredible as well. This place is for sure in the Arcadia rotation. 5 stars.
3	Still a swanky and classy place to grab a proper cocktail in style. I just wish that my fellow Phoenicians would respect proper dress code...What is it about dress code and Phoenix? This is the second place I've been to recently where dress code is completely out of the window. Years ago there was no way that you could get into this club without proper attire and I mean no denim. I went to meet with my business colleague for a proper and civilized cocktail, and immediately thought of the mercbar. A few minutes after arriving, two urchins arrived and plopped down in the seating area sporting t-shirts, shorts and sandals. Boo.
5	Amazing drinks, but prices are not cheap.
4	I've been to Merc several times throughout the years. I took my husband here for the first time last Saturday for a post dinner drink after we had dinner at Solo Trattoria, and he asked me why he hadn't been before? The drinks, while a little pricey, are consistently good and have high quality, fresh ingredients. The lounge is very comfortable and intimate, it's a nice place to hang out and have a conversation and not feel rushed at all. This lounge is a little posh, so maybe not the best place to sport your jorts and flip flops, but it's nice to have an upscale place to go to sometimes.
4	I decided to give this place another try, and I'm really glad I did. My friend and I stopped here on a Friday night around 8:30 before it got too busy. Apparently they take reservations for some of their couch seating, but table or bar seating is open to anyone. The hostess was also our server and she was busy all night! She still managed to check on us as she walked by and always noticed if we needed another cocktail. The drinks were delicious, but still a bit pricey. I guess that's the Biltmore for you! The music got much louder as the night progressed but I was still able to carry on a conversation with my friend. A much better experience this time!Of note, they validate your parking if you park in the underground garage, so make sure to ask and save yourself about $9. Hey-wouldn't you rather have another drink?
5	What a gem! I must have driven by this place a million times and never knew it was here. Thanks to a fellow yelper for introducing me! The place is sexy and mysterious - you feel like you know something others don't simply by stumbling into Merc Bar. Staff was so nice, drinks were delicious, and the Moscow Mules were a treat. I'll be back.
1	Waitress good, bartender slow... Could have a few more drinks but.... Could not order since bar backed up. Need more staff on the floor. Oh and this little gem! (manager did make right but I pointed it out), drinks were not consistent in volume. Moscow Mule in copper cup was 30-40% bigger than in a glass. Because we were having those we ended up with multiples in glass since they ran out of copper mugs. We did the water test (pour from glass to copper mug) and was 30-40% LESS! Pointed this our to the manager (Adam) he said he was aware but disputed the 30-40% claim, said maybe closer to 20%! WOW, don't admit that! . I told him to head over to the table and we will show you. My issue is this, HE KNEW IT! The price is the same, but you are getting less. I told him that the house wins every time in this situation. Less Drinks, Same Price! Did, I mention HE KNEW THIS! With a $300+ tab, he comped 3 Drinks ($36). He attempted to right a wrong, but only after I made a big deal about it. Thanks for the 3% comp on my 30-4-% less drink! Great decor, waitress was great, but based on the inconsitance of the amount you are paying for...WILL NOT BE BACK
1	The most amazingly bad service I've ever received. Drinks are good enough, but getting one in an hour is ridiculous....The staff seemed very friendly, but it's hard to make up for the lack of competence Sr. Management or ownership shows to their industry. This is certainly a one and out for our group.
5	This place is perfect for the chic solo drinker at the bar or the couple sipping on martinis in the corner or even the classy birthday celebration in the center of the room. It's really the perfect mixture of fun and class. love love love
4	My fiance and I tried MercBar for the first time last Saturday.  Loved the decor!  The drinks were excellent.  Great place!  I did wish the music was a little more chill, but it was a Saturday night.
1	Don't let this place fool you. To keep the story short the server, Erica, said there was no merlot. Okay. Ordered a couple Malbecs ($8 each) instead. When we got the bill she charged the order as both Merlots ($10 each).  She never told us she had it on stock. It was more like...surprise! Let's charge them more bc either the server is thinking a) I don't know what they ordered or b) I'm gonna charge more so I can get a bigger tip. For that we gave her $3 for lying to us!! Btw def didn't taste like a merlot.  Checked my credit card charges for 2 separate receipts few days later. The server gave herself more than 20% tip when I clearly put zero on one and $3 on another receipt for 3 drinks -- purposely!!! She doesn't deserve it! Called the manager a few days later and short story was the manager, Adam was trying to sound professional but totally sounded annoyed. Yes it's only a few dollars but the whole principle behind their service was shady to say the least. Adam said he would call back a couple days later. Nope!! One week went by and no one called me back. So guess what? I called back. Spoke with another manager, Francisco. He told me that Adam said it was an INCONVENIENCE for him to reverse the charges and that it will cost them!!!! Hahahahahaha really??!!?? You have to be kidding me! What kind of service is this!?? They're worried about a few dollars rather than their reputation??? Wow!! That really says a lot about them. He told me the only way to get credit back is to come back for a free drink. How about NO!! Why would I go back to a place that is shady? Anyway he said Adam will call me back. We will see about that. Maybe they will when they see this. Also I agree with the other reviews from Rick and Rich. Going cheap on the Moscow mule by serving it in a smaller glass. Classic.
4	Big comfy couches + soft lounge music= a great time! The ambience was chill and the drinks were strong. They accommodated our large group nicely without feeling overcrowded. Definitely pay a visit if you're looking for something more cool and low-key from the typical loud, raucous bar scene.
3	Nice ambience, friendly staff but super slow service. It was packed on the Friday we came in and they had one server in the section we sat in which is only out of two sections excluding the bar. We sat for about 10 minutes until we got a server and we currently have been waiting for at least 20 minutes for our check. Yummy drinks though!
4	This is an unusual review for me, but it is a story that deserves to be told. On a big drinking night we turned up and I ordered an 18 year old Macallan. Dear reader, you may or may not believe that I know better, but I drink enough Macallan to be sure I was instead brought the 12 year old. I merely asked the waitress which I had ordered and she confirmed it was the 18. Though I didn't believe this was what was served, I did not complain.  Minutes later, both she and the bartender approached, apologized and replaced my drink with a proper 18. I had indeed been served the wrong drink, and the team here was willing to own it. Cannot tell you how often I encounter bars that cheat their top shelf spirits, and it was more than refreshing to have this integral experience. Two thumbs up. Doesn't hurt any that our server was also exceptionally pretty. This is a great watering hole. Go out of your way to visit.
5	Wow!!! Aaron and Francesco are extraordinary mixologists!!! Not only do they make great cocktails, but the hospitality and customer service is above and beyond!!!! They make your visit ridiculously amazing!!! I will be returning, most likely, at least once a week!! The vibe and atmosphere is just mind blowing. They keep it clean and sophisticated.  Never wait long for my drink order to appear in front of me. I was also waited on a young lady named Lexi. She was adorable and timely. Always a smile on her face! The service there is impeccable!! I was beyond impressed!! If you're ever looking for a great spot.. Sexy atmosphere, great cocktails, and unbelievable hospitality and service... Merc Bar is the place to be!!!!
5	Wow! My wife and I decided to stop here after dinner last night for a couple of drinks, all I can say is we were very impressed. We started off with some bubbly, then I ordered the Mercer Sour and my wife ordered a glass of Malbec, which she is still taking about today. The GM came to our table, introduced himself and asked how we were doing. We really felt welcomed and well taken care of as if we were in this guys home. Staff was friendly, atmosphere was amazing. Doesn't get better than this. Well done, can't wait to go back.
5	I had my 50th Birthday Party last night at The Merc Bar & I can honestly say, it was one of the most Incredible evenings. Fate, Heidi & Staff were OVER-THE-TOP Amazing. I met with Fate numerous times & he was always accommodating to what I had asked of them & he always calmed my nerves. He made sure that everything was set up from the minute the first guest  arrived until the last one left. Most of my guests are in the Airline Industry & we know what great Customer Service means.  IMPRESSED TO THE 10's.
3	I've been to mercbar many times, and I have to say that sometimes it's a5 star experience and sometimes it's a 1 star experience. The issue is the bartenders, a good Bartender makes it a 5 star experience, last night however was terrible service. There was 10 people in the whole bar, but the male Bartender seemed more interested in sleeping with the guy in front of him than he was in serving us drinks. HIRE BETTER BARTENDERS.
2	Well Merc. You have let me and my friends down. I have gone to you over the years while living in the Biltmore/Arcadia area and  have recommended you time and time again to people who want a 'ultra lounge feel' as opposed to a 'club like feel'. Well. After arriving for happy hour last week we had the entire Merc Bar to ourselves at about 430pm and the bartender swiftly brought us a menu and waters. Nice! However, that awesome service went downhill fast and the decibel level of your 90's Culture Club and New Edition beats went way up at the same rate. Soon my two friends and I were yelling our conversation to each other! ' What?!! What?!!! OH right?!! ' Yes. I am not making this up. That music was loud & out of character for what I 'thought ' was a cool, swanky, hip, ittle ultra lounge. I'm thinking some jazz, maybe ?? Or at least some Michael Buble? At a level where your patrons can talk in a voice to each other that doesn't cause laryngitis the next day! We would eventually figure out as Merc began to fill up , that there was a group meeting here this particular day. There were so many, in fact, we could not make our way to the restroom without pushing thru physically. We never saw the cocktail waitress, and that meant we never got our waters refilled after that bartender brought us our initial glass. At any rate , our drink that our once attentive bartender gave us was called the Double A. It was a mix of tequila , grapefruit juice , raspberries , lemon and bitters. It was good! I won't deny that you have amazing fresh ingredient drinks made with premium liquors! That said, we would have stayed and ordered more , but the cocktail waitress had to be flagged down by going to the bar  , ( and fighting the Meet Up crowd again), and telling the bartender we wanted our bill. She came twenty minutes later and we were overcharged for our drinks. Fail. We went back to bartender again because she kept our valet and garage tickets! We felt that trying to 'fight' over a few bucks wasn't worth the effort of the crowd, the loud music and all of the frustration. Oh. MY. I give you a two based on your drink being unique and fresh and that is all. What you used to be, Merc Bar, I hope you can be again!
4	This place has a great vibe and the staff here are super friendly and accommodating. Definitely a great place to hang out and chill with friends.
4	Can't say I really KNOW this place, since the only time I've been to MercBar was around 2:30 AM. But it's a lounge. I think MercBar would even go so far as to say it's a CLASSY lounge. Lot's of loungy things like leather, and brass, and dark wood. The barmen are coiffed in style, although patrons won't be out of place in a nice pair of jeans and a nice t-shirt.Pizzazz does have a price though, and the "beautiful person upcharge" is in full force here. Expect a good $10 for a cocktail. They do make them nice though. The bartender was knowledgeable and served up an excellent Manhattan.Great for: the cocktail and conversation crowdNot great for: those prone to spontaneous removal of clothing/dancing on tables
4	First time in, and around, the Camelback Esplanade and wanted to check out this little classy dive bar because of the great reviews, here on Yelp. I was surprised how small and inconspicuous is was, and equally surprised that I was only the second person in the bar around 7:45pm on a Saturday night! Really?? ...oh, they just opened, no problem.I stepped outside to meet my party and returned in about 35min to find it hoppin' and much louder, which became a bit annoying, as I think I expected a more conversational atmosphere, like when I first popped in a short time before.Greated at the door, which was nice, but the service was a bit lack luster. The drinks (Moscow Mule and a Rum &Coke) measured up to par, and did not disappoint. I probably won't return, as I don't fequent the area often, and there are so many other places to choose from.
1	Beautiful place, nice ambiance. Ok drinks. Music could be better. The waitress was dressed very provocatively (large breasts falling out of the top of her dress- showing her panties each time she bent over- which was often)- it appeared that many ladies on dates felt uncomfortable, arms crossed immediately with the men looking at the ground... Probably more uncomfortable for the guys really- because one wrong glance or blink and that date is over! If this is the vibe Merc Bar is going for then... well done I guess.  I will say, it is awkward when a girls large boobs are coming out of her top and she keeps bending down with her chest in your date's face... kudos to her for being an attractive young lady, but it's a bit much when it makes the guests uncomfortable. Also,  as one woman left her table to use the restroom, I watched the waitress flirt and stroke her husband's arm up and down as she gave him the check... I have a feeling if the wife saw that.... well, I'm happy she didn't, because you just don't know how people are gonna react to that disrespectful, intrusive behavior. It knocked the place down a couple notches- not quite Hooters vibe or strip club lounge- Maybe Champagne room? I really did wonder if I got up to use the restroom, would this girl come over to feel my guy up too? I didn't like that one bit. It wasn't a good feeling to have out with your significant other- and unfortunately, this is the memory I so strongly took away. Then again, it was also interesting watching the guy that somehow ended up on a date with a transexual squirm in the corner as she insisted on playing with his hair and trying to kiss on his neck... That must have been an internet date, lol!Also, regarding the service, each time we would ask questions about the drinks the waitress would have to go ask the bartender. It's a specialty cocktail lounge- we aren't liquor micro-biologists asking for a chemical analysis of their concoctions- just regular basic questions. It would have been nice if she would have had some level of knowledge and training- given the niche and price points. \ All in all- I remember when this place was hot, back in the day- when I don't think I was even old enough to drink. It's still a nice place, but there are so many more options in this town now. Urbanity in Phoenix is progressing- gotta keep up with the times Merc Bar. When my barista knowns more about the soymilk in my Latte than this chick knows about a fresh squeezed lemon in a cocktail we have an issue. As for the drinks... They were okay. I wasn't blown away by the choices. We ended up going to Sidebar afterwards- I love their muddled blueberrry whiskey sour- house made. Delicious! The drinks were better at Sidebar and the vibe was a little more modern less stripclub/2001 Scottsdale nightclub.Sorry Merc.
4	Swanky and adult. Nice ambiance.
5	Not from around here but this bar is awesome. Plus Gavin is an awesome bartender (not sure if spelt his name right). Stop in if your lookin for a good time!
4	Pricey! Sophisticated lounge atmosphere and $12 cocktails. If you go, get the Pear Blossom and/or Apprentice cocktail. Your palete will thank you.
4	We headed to MercBar with a party bus full of 26 friends around 9:30 pm on a Saturday. The employees at MercBar were great, they immediately opened up the 2nd seating area for us, and had servers working drink orders quickly. Most of the drinks were tasty. The Apprentice was particularly good, while the Gold Rush had way to much lemon. You'll pay $12-13 for a drink, which is fine for one. Beers are well priced around $6. The atmosphere and music were great.
5	Merc Bar is an upscale watering hole that is always upbeat and fun! We always get a very nice couches/table combination when we go and the servers are fantastic and nice. I reccomend for anyone wanting to have a classy night!
5	A server at our favorite restaurant told us about this place, so we decided to check it out. We sat at the bar and Francesco took great care of us. He is an amazing bartender! The drinks were reasonably priced at $12 per cocktail and were very good. I was impressed that the bartender knew how to make a drink called The Last Word. Merc is the second bar that I have found in AZ that knows this drink. Other places give me a blank stare when I request it, so Merc gets bonus points for knowing it. The music, lighting, and vibe of the place are sure to have us coming back for more!
