3	Disappointed with the ambiance and facility but pleased with the Elemis facial treatment. My facialist had the softest hands and the products she used weren't harsh at all. I didn't come out red or looking like a 'monster' (BFF said I looked refreshed). Her massage pressures were perfect too. She was nice and friendly as well. She should leave this place and work at the Bellagio spa or Qua baths :)BFF had a good prenatal massage experience. She wants to get another massage but definitely somewhere back in the bay area.
3	i had a WONDERFUL hot-stone massage last weekend. my massage therapist was great (dang, i wish i remembered her name!).  The facility was very clean, and the amenities were pretty standard.  HOWEVER, i have to subtract 2 stars because of the front desk staff.  when i come in to a spa, i want to be greeted with SMILES.  the guy at the front desk was not friendly.  i am all about customer service, so this is where they dropped the ball.
4	This place really has a lot of treatment rooms! My facial was probably one of the best facials I have ever had. The lime and ginger body treatment was amazing too. I had the spa suite all to myself! My mom and dad also had amazing facials. The boyfriend had a wonderful massage as well with a cute masseuse. The other reviews do not do this place justice. It may not be as extravagant as other Vegas spas, but I was incredibly satisfied.
4	4 stars are for my masseuse, Monica. For the spa itself, I would probably give it 2.5 at most. When we first arrived, there wasn't anyone in the front to greet or check us in. We arrived promptly at 3pm, the time of our appt. When we checked in, they rushed us to change because we were already into our 50mins massage time. WTH? Not only that, but they didn't instruct us on anything; what to change into, where to go afterwards, etc. Not only that, but after I changed, I waited close to another 10mins before my masseuse came out! WTF? If you're going to rush your clients, the least you can do is be ready for them when they are. Thankfully my masseuse wasn't like that. She even walked me to the restroom before my appt, then took the time to do a complete massage. I sprained my ankle the night before, so she took extra care of that and even gave me something to put on it afterwards. Wish we had the time to enjoy the rest of their amenities. Loved Monica, didn't like the rest of the staff.
1	I had a really good massage. Emphasis on the HAD. I should have known when I first got there that the front desk staff was incompetent. They didn't know their policies or processes if their lives depended it.  To be fair, if you have a straight forward transaction like you'll use the credit card that you made your reservation under, stuff like that then you probably won't have a problem. They can't handle anything more than that. Also, their price list is wrong. They should follow the price list, I think by law, but they don't. They just say it's old. But then why have it out? And why are the internet prices the same too? They also tack on a mandatory service charge. Anyhow, my friends' experiences were not that great. They had rooms that were cold. One friend went with the four-hands massage. Well her room was friggin' cold and with two people working on you there isn't anywhere for you to be covered. So you're a$$ed out (no pun intended) with having a cold massage. She also complained of too much light int he room but they couldn't do anything about it as it was windows that were letting in the light.So she came out of her treatment crying. Mind you, this is a $300+ treatment. So we went to complain. The girl in the back was helpful, but she ain't the manager. It took the manager over 20 minutes to get back to talk to us. She couldn't even look at us. Kept her eyes shut as she spoke. What's worse, she was the concierge!!! WTF?!?! Shouldn't you be kissing my feet?Anyhow, she promised something and we hung out at the spa a little longer. When we went to check out, our transactions were already processed, where they said that we don't pay till the end b/c I was trying to pay up front and not deal with this mess after I'm all relaxed. Whatever. Whatever the concierge promised didn't get communicated back up front. No one knew what to do. The next shift manager hid from us in the back. It was lame.Oh and uh the spa facilities suck too btw. I guess the day we were there someone made off with the lotion. WTF?!?! Don't you have extra? Wierd.But if you are brave enough to deal with this mess, look up David as your masseuse. He is bomb! He has a warm room and even hooked me up with some hot stones! If I could write a review on just him, I'd give him 5 stars.
3	Hot stone massages are great. Definitely warranted after dealing with such helpful (read: incompetent) front desk staff!Also...it's really not hard to spell my name. Paul. PAUL. Not, Pall. Seriously.
1	WAY overpriced!!!Nothing was special about this place. And thats really sad because we spend like 350 for a couples massage for only 60 min... :(the shower/ steam/ jacuzzi area was awful! i mean my gym has better amenties then that!!Oh and the massage therapists didn't actually give you the whole time in my opinion...I think they included dressing time and stuff...lame..but not nearly as lame as the medicore massage that we recieved...ATTENTION: it's called pressure, and when I'm getting a massage I would like to feel some pressure...otherwise I could rub my own body thank you!! next time i'm in town i'm trying ceasers!
3	I'm sure this place is amazing...but the day we went was just not one of those.The place looks great. I love their interior. Looks very warm, clean and relaxing.Me and my girls got the ultimate manicure. And i loved the scrub and massage. But the entire time, the manicurists were trying to sell us products which was a lil annoying. The frontdesk girl didn't really show us around, so we had no idea of where to go or what we could use...she told us there was complimentary fruit in the waiting room and when we got there there was a bowl of whole apples and oranges...personally i dont really want to have to peel or eat a whole orange.We decided to change into robes...and that particular day, the cleaners had apparently not delivered sashes...so we had to complain and have the staff find us some.The mani was great. But they hurried us out the minute they finished the top coat. so we had to sit around for the polish to dry...the service just seemed to stop after the front desk. I just expect more when you go to a "nice" spa like this one and pay for good service and amenities.
2	This spa hit the mother lode of suckitude. I foolishly forgot to get a pedi BEFORE getting on the plane but I could not in good conscience put my nasty claws out on the streets of Vegas. My back was against the wall and I knew that I had to suck it up and spring for an overpriced strip pedicure. OK. Fine. I made my bed. Since I was staying at the Paris, I made a last minute appointment there. Here's where the annoyance comes in. I ask the lady at the spa desk for a pedi.  She says in a  voice with a note of contempt..."We have a basic...and I mean very basic...pedicure for $65." Now the voice gets shrill and upbeat "OR we have our signature spa pedicure, which is a much much more relaxing experience for $120." Thick painted on smile. I get it. You want to up sell me. So I ask what's the difference. The answer: Spa Chair. That's it? WTF. $55 bucks for a spa chair. No thanks. So I politely decline and get a look like I am the cheapest bastard in the world. Whatever. Just fix my feet, please. I return for my appt and am greeted by a less than friendly clinician. She then does the same up sell speech, showing me the spa chairs. (which are in no way gold plated)  Annoying. No thanks. But seriously, Paris, a rolling stool with no back in the middle of the main hallway? That's my $65 option?  It was like the pedi of shame.  I had to keep myself from rolling around while all of the other people walk by wondering what I was oing in the middle of the hallway. That said, I was determined to enjoy myself despite them and the pedi itself came out fine. When I went to check out, the price came to $80ish. I said, "I thought it was $65?" They say, we automatically charge a 15% gratuity. Huh? Where do you get off deciding how much I give for gratuity?  It's not like I was a table of 6 or more.I was going to tip 20% but now you can all suck it. And for that, 2 stars!!!
3	Tthis place is ok, i only came here because QUA had no more appointments open on a busy weekend. Massage was good, but what massage isnt good? the facilities cannot compare to QUA obviously, but i will go back again if i have to. I had the hot stone massage, very cool.but yes... i agree with the others, they are super stuck up (staff)...
3	Well, I am a little biases because this was my first massage experience, but let me tell you from the best I can. The waiting room and spa facilities were nice. One thing I personally both liked and didnt like is the men women separation. My bf didn't want to go because we couldn't be together so we went to the pool instead to lounge together. I later had a massage and body scrub and then a mani pedi. The massage and scrub was great. It could have lasted forever and the lady was very nice. Oh the waiting room. Not really anything to snack on there, even though they said they do. Whole fruit? more like decoration. and no orange juice. I am a sucker for orange juice. So they offered the choice between their basic mani pedi and the deluxe, and the difference was this little rolling stool and and  really nice chair, but I dont think i justifies about $50 difference. The manicurist was nice and keep trying to sell me stuff, but they get commission so I understood so it didnt bother me. She did a good job and I was done. I would go again for massage, but probably somewhere else for mani pedi.
2	had a massage here and had such high hopes...but was let down. i was stoked since i had my spa finder gift cards - but it wasn't worth the trouble. the massage itself was just "okay". the space and the amenities were so-so.the staff and service is what really brings this down a couple stars. my masseuse was nice enough but i can't stand when they are trying to sell you things. i don't know if they work on commission but basically she was pushing on having me buy some stuff (massage oil?) through the massage. sooooo annoying. and conveniently they had her recommended items ready for me at check out. (ummm, no).i don't plan to visit again. they managed two stars since it was at least clean. oh well.
2	I remember having a great experience at the Mandara Spa a few years ago so I decided to make an appointment for a massage during a recent voyage to Vegas.  Unfortunately, that experience didn't happen this time around.My Swedish Massage was $115.00 for 50-minutes but with a 20% service charge added, it came to $138, which is not bad.  My massage therapist was great, he had me sample the different oils that they use and asked about target areas.  Although, he didn't work on those target areas longer than I had hoped, it was a nice massage.  One thing that irked me little was when he used his arms on my back, I could feel his arm hairs, which kind of felt like sand paper but no biggie, it's a guy thing.The spa itself has significantly gone downhill.  The lounge area used to be a little more plush, with nice seating and furnishings.  Now it has three microfiber couches, a coffee table and a side table holding a huge 32" tube tv and a VCR...yes, a VCR.  Their beverage station offers lemon water, hot tea and in the mini refrigerator, there's a bunch of mini cans of juices, but no bottled water.  Apparently, they keep the water behind the counter.  Hmm...doesn't juice cost more than water??The sink area offers your basic amenities, nothing fru-fru that's for sure.  It almost feels like the sink area at your local gym.  You know, kind of stale and industrial feeling.  The restroom area is out in the open so you can hear (and smell) everything.  The showers are in a separate room/area, which is very dimly lit, but the shower stalls are private.The hot tub is pretty huge and can fit about 22 people, so the sign says.  But it looked quite dingy and could certainly use a good scrubbing.  The cold plunge is the size of a normal hot tub and was quite cold!  In the same area were the Sauna and Steam Room...which smelled mildewy, nothing minty or eucalyptus smelling like it should be.The spa staff was alright, they were on the young side, just out of high-school type.  So, they were nice but, not quite refined for the atmosphere.  One of the guys who I thought was restocking the refreshment area, was actually standing there and texting until I glanced over at him.Mandara or Paris needs to revitalize this spa because with all the other awesome hotels and super duper new awesome hotels around them, they're just going to fall way behind.
2	Do NOT waste your time and money in this place.The pre-spa sucks, the staff was unfriendly, the massage was ok (but rushed). And it is very expensive ($165 for a 60 min).Plus the building needs some major upgrades and needs to get current!The only reason they did not get a "1 star" was because the therapist was "ok" (not good, but not bad either).
1	I expected to be dissappointed with the mani/pedi because spas rarely give you your money's worth for this service but I needed it so I went to Mandara at Paris. I was more than dissapointed. This was easily the WORST mani/pedi I've ever had - from the exfolitation so vigorous my feet hurt to the "massage" better described as a lotion application to the polish that turned white (white?) within a day. I was also the beneficiary of sales pitches for every possible manicure product sold at Mandara. Once again I have learned my lesson, DO NOT go to a spa for manicures or pedicures.
2	You can find a better place. Over priced and they interrupt your "relaxing" spa experience trying to sell you stuff. Kind of pathetic.
2	NOT happy!!!This place is a bit like a modified girls gym.  The bathrooms are not clean. They aren't dirty, but i"ve never seen toilet paper on the floor of a bathroom or paper towels that didn't quite make it to the garbage can.  There is no one that goes in every 10 minutes to clean these facilities as they do in other spas both on and off the strip.  The atmosphere does not feel spa like at all.  It feels more like a gym and not even a high end one at that.  The lighting is bright in some places, and lowered in others without consideration that guests are moving through all of the spaces.  I showed up 5 minutes early. Is that cutting it close? yes for sure.  Does that mean that you take me into the massage 10 minutes late and then cut my massage time by 10 minutes because I am "late"?  Not cool Mandara Spa... Not Cool....The massage itself was acceptable, but again, I kind of felt like these poor masseuses have negative energy from a lack of repeat clients as the strip feels a bit like a churning wheels.  I would absolutely not go back unless some amazing sign was given by  a massive increase in positive reviews on Yelp.
1	Wanna drop a quick $300 for 2 mediocre mani/pedi's?? This is just the place! The manicure was extremely poor, mistakes were overlooked intentionally/lazily, and it lasted ONE afternoon for my shellac mani. The pedicure was rapid, no massage... Just a slather on of lotion (I mean you're there to get pampered, right??), and she spent the whole time trying to get me to buy things. Very unfriendly.But the worst of it came at checkout time... The gentleman charged us for our services, then casually threw in that there'd be a 20% "service charge." ok what is that?? Service charge?? We're staying in this hotel!? With a little prodding, he gave up that it's basically included gratuity, as it's optional. Clever way to get people to double tip.Find your way to another spa. This ain't the one to spend your afternoon, or your money.
2	I was not impressed by my experience here. My sisters and I came for Fire and Ice pedicures. I felt, right from the start, that we were second-rate customers. We were left sitting in the hallway for 20 minutes, when somebody finally let us into the relaxation room. This was my first time at a spa only getting a pedicure, so this might be the norm, but we didn't change into robes and weren't offered the rest of the amenities, and it really felt like we were just sitting in the neighborhood nail salon getting $15 pedicures--at many, many times the price.We sat together, which was nice, but they really could improve the decor and relaxation in the salon so that customers feel they are getting their money's worth.The pedicure itseld was mediocre, and I honestly feel that my regular, $15 pedicures are of better quality and more relaxing!On a side note, the restrooms were dirty and clogged!
2	Came here for a deal on Travelzoo. The facilities were ok. I wasn't very impressed. The jacuzzi was pretty small. Steam room was nice. Didn't hit up the sauna so I'm not sure how that was. Showers were ok. Felt dark and dingy though. The massage therapist I had was really nice and did a good job.The gym was pretty nice. Wish I brought my workout gear though.It's generally an OK spa, not great. Glad we got a deal on this or otherwise, I would pass on coming here again.
1	Hi I was just at this facility this past Sunday (11-13-11) and wanted to use the spa for the rate of $25 but then the girl talked me into getting a massage for $ 125 so I decided to go ahead and get it done. When they presented the bill I was busy chatting and didn't realize that they upgraded the time to 75 minutes and now charged me $258 for the services instead of the $ 158 that I thought I was signing for.. The other girl behind the counter even said be careful as they will upgrade you w/o telling you and then charge you for it.. I just didn't think that it would happen as I am standing right  there.  I called them and after 3 phone calls they would not do anything about the bill. You think for a $100 they would want to save their reputation but I guess times are tough and they will screw you when given the chance .. I am NEVER going there again and would not recommend it to anyone... I wish I had read the reviews prior to going over as I see the reviews are mediocre at best.. PS,. My friend also went to get a massage and she said the masseuse was too rough and when she asked her to ease up pressure, she went so light that it didn't even feel Ike a massage...So she opted out of the massage and got something else done.. NEVER ... NEVER... NEVER AGAIN...
2	this review is for the salon only.This place is a dump! They charge as much as the nice places. Go to one of the nice ones. Very dingy, dated salon. poor lighting. Pushy about upselling and products. Mediocre blow-out for $110. Go get a good one at Bellagio, MGM, or Venetian/Palazzo for the same price. MGM will even give you a glass of champagne, and you won't feel like you're in your grandmother's shampoo/set place from the 60s.
1	The massage was OK, but everything else wasn't. They don't use any nice aromatic oils or products other spas have. The spa facility needs a lot of work, the lights in the treatment rooms are too bright, the rooms are not decorated and look like doctor's rooms.  The ladies sauna was very cold and there was no staff members who could change the temperature. The showers get filled up with water, I think the drains are clogged or something is seriously wrong with plumbing. The cotton robes are very cheap. But none of these details are nearly as bad as customer service at the front desk. We had to wait 30  minutes to book it, 20 minutes to check in and 25 minutes to check out.  Everyone at the front desk including the manager is pretty agitated, not calm and pleasant as you would expect at the place where people come to relax. I can hardly believe they just raised their prices - given the reviews, they should be lowering them. Go somewhere else, you can get so much more for the money!
2	Mediocre: Went with friends who were getting pedicures, so I opted for a shellac manicure. When we arrived, we went to the front reception desk. They sent us back to the salon area. After waiting for about 10 minutes, with no one at the desk, and people who were working in the salon just looking at us, the woman across the hall at the spa called us over. She said the salon desk worker left for the day, and we had to go back to the main reception area. (keep in mind, this was around 2:45pm on a saturday!). We went back to reception, and they seemed confused as well... gave us paperwork and sent us back to the salon area. We were then told to wait in the spa.My friends were taken for their 3pm pedicure appointments at 3:02. No problems there. But my manicure appointment was at 3:15, and no one got me until 3:30. Less than five minutes after i was seated... my friends were done. They were supposed to have a 45 minutes "classic spa" pedicure, because the 25 minute express pedi was no longer available. Interesting, considering their pedis lasted less than 30 minutes. They went to dry.. while I got my mani. The first color I picked was dried up. So I had to settle for something else. The nail tech barely filed my nails, and didn't clean under the nail bed. She also didn't have me wash my hands after filing. When the polish was on and dry, she grabbed the lotion and slapped it on for about 2 minutes. No hand massage at all. Keep in mind, this was a $60 mani... with a 20 percent tip on top of that. Oh, the tip is added automatically, so even if you feel your tech didn't deserve it, you'll pay it.After the mani, I noticed two nails didn't have polish all the way to the edges, and one had at least 3 bubbles. The Salon area also looked more like a salon you'd see in a strip mall, not in a nice vegas hotel.You may want to check out other spas... I hear the one at the Wynn is gorgeous!
4	I have no idea why the reviews on here are so bad. I only went to the gym, not the spa, but I found it to be just fine. A 5 day pass to the gym was $100 (they have single day passes and a 3 day pass too). It was a little pricey but well worth it for a gym located just a few floors down from my room and considering all the buffet eating I did.The gym is pretty big with cardio and weigh training equipment in abundance. Of all the times I was there I only saw a handful of other folks. It's private and quiet. The equipment is clean and in good repair. In fact, I didn't see anything at all broken in the gym.There are several TVs, towels, a water cooler. All the comforts of a regular gym. My 4G coverage was fine in the gym, despite not having any windows or anything, so I could listen to Spotify for music if I wanted. The locker rooms are extremely nice, being part of the spa. The staff is very friendly. All in all, a great experience!
4	Too bad all the other reviewers' experiences sucked. Mine was great! My trip to Paris Spa was the highlight of my Vegas bachelorette weekend. (Yes, the partying was good, but I'm getting old and my bones are well aware of it.) Sure, it was the most expensive massage I ever intend to get, and I know I could have gotten just as good a one, or better, at home in DC for half the price. BUT, there was just something about the aromatherapy oil my therapist used that sent me into a trance. After my rub down, I was gelatinous. I'm glad they have little pots of decorative rocks right beneath your face -- definitely drooled into while my therapist was working my back. My girlfriends and I sat in the lounge for at least an hour, just relaxing. And we'd steam roomed and jacuzzed for at least an hour before that, just being. Wonderful. I wanted to get snacks and champagne, but getting room service to the spa would have taken 2 hours, unfortunately, so that was a no go. But the lemon water and tea selection was terrific!The showers were clean, the steam room was steamy (a little too steamy for me, tho), and my massage room was Heaven in Vegas. The jacuzzi was wonderful, too, big enough for 3 of us to fit comfortably. I was afraid it might be a little unsanitary, but I didn't have any awkward itching afterwards, so it must have been clean as a whistle.The only real minus of the experience was the upselling they do when you pay at the end. I would have loved to take home a bottle of whatever it was the therapist rubbed me up with because it smelled amazing, but they didn't even have it to try to sell to me. Instead, they pushed off other products. For example, one of my girls wanted a product her therapist used on her, but the reception person kept trying to sell her Bliss products she already owned. Weird. On my next Vegas trip, I'll try somewhere else because it's Vegas and there are a ton of other spas to try out, but I had a good experience, one worth repeating.
3	Let me first say that my massage therapist, Andrew, was amazing.  He worked out every knot and kink in my back.  Kudos.  Excellent massage.The rest of the experience was just okay.  The staff wasn't extra nice or helpful.  There was only one attendant for the entire women's side.  There was a shortage of towels.  Things I like at a spa: hairspray, deoderant, bags for my wet swimsuit, moisturizer, face wash... alas, none of that was available.  I had to ask for things and felt bad, since the attendant was all alone and busy... so I asked for a bag for my wet swimsuit and called it a day.  Check out took a long time.  The slippers are stretched out and not comfortable.Anyway... Andrew gives an excellent massage and is worth the visit.
1	Went in for a men's haircut. $50.00 + mandatory $10.00 tip. I expected, at least, a highness top notch haircut.....instead it looked like Edward Scissor Hands cut it. One side was cut at least an inch above the ear and the other side actually went over the ear. Horrible job. I asked for another stylist but guess what....the one the hacked it is the only one there for the next two days. So yes, I get to spend my time in Vegas with a complete disaster of a haircut. I am giving this a "one star" because the staff was nice and respectful to my complaints and they did reimburse me.
3	A nice spa. Service was good and efficient. Take note if you call and cancel on the same day you get charged full price for that service.
4	Not as big as i have imagined. They still have good jacuzzi, cold water tab, sauna and showers. Staff is helpful and very friendly.
3	Got my nail polish changed for 25.00 a little bit pricey but ok its Vegas ,really quick walked right in lucky to have a open appointment . Really patient with me as I kept changing color but came out nice , no hand massage or warm towel or lotion downside but I was in n out !
1	The only part of this spa experience that was note worthy was the MT Trinese. She  was professional, very nice and gave a good massage. I could of done without the scratchy brush thingy she did because I felt it cut into the massage time but it was still a good experience. My daughter and I went to the  spa the day before to check out the surroundings which i found ok.  The front desk lady was nice but wouldn't show me the spa. That should of been a red flag moment. But i didnt listen to myself. I also wanted to share this spa experience with my sixteen year old but apparently NV have super strict  laws that do not allow this to happen even in an all women spa. Funny law I thought, in a place  were women are being peddled constantly for lap dances just outside the strip. She still came with me next day but was only allowed to get a manicure and pedicure. We paid more than three times the amount we would pay for one at home. But I thought somehow she would get an extra special experience. Not the case at all! My daughter said it was no different than the one back at home and she didn't even get a hand massage. The  lady was also very pushy about her buying extra products. (They also tack on a mandatory 20% tip on to the bill ) Back to the "spa experience" the lockers were ok but the rug seemed out of place. And it looked like it needed a good vacuuming. When I wanted to shower after massage the showers weren't working. The hot whirlpool tub area was not attractive at all with their huge caution signs that are perfect for the Y but not for a spa. Their hot tub had some green questionable foam in the corners of the tub. I got out of there ASAP and thought about laying at the lounge. That didn't happen either cause it was just not inviting. It was dark with no sort of light ambiance. I left there so disappointed and not relaxed at all.  I got this massage as a gift from husband. They were in the form of spa gift cards that they accepted. That was one of the reason I ended up there .The hotel we were staying at (the Aria ) wouldn't accept them. I was trying to be economical but it backfired. I still felt that they ripped us off because the whole experience wasn't worth what I paid for.  My advice, stay clear away from this place if your looking for an amazing spa day. I don't think anybody will come close to my spa experiences at the Costa Rica Tabacon spa, now that's a spa!! I guess that one spoiled me forever.
2	I wanted to use their spa when staying in Paris hotel. When I talked to spa receptionist, she asked my room info and driver license. They charge 25 for daily use but because I paid hotel resort fee, I did not pay. They provided slippers, towels and bath rob. Change area looked clean. Got into bath rob, tried Jacuzzi, fairly big one that can take 13 people. It was hot enough for me. Problem was that the timer is on the opposite wall. Twice, time ran out and I had to get out to turn it on. Clothing is optional. There is also dry sauna and steam sauna. Both were very hot, loved steam sauna. There is also cold water Jacuzzi but did not try it. Showers looked clean but when I was taking shower, it did not drain well, there was water close to my heels. They provide shaving cream and shaving blade, low quality. They offer water, coffee, tea, apple juice and cranberry juice, orange juice, no food or fruit at all. My problem was, the day I checked out, they charged me, which was not fair since I paid resort fee for many days and did not use anything. Customer server guy in spa was kind.
1	Don't get the chi foot massage. They advertise pressure points and reflex. I spent $125 for someone to rub my feet. It was terrible. No skills. They need to change their description and their customer service. Very unsatisfactory.
4	I'd like to start by saying that I am a regular spa goer and have a membership at M.E. for over the past 5 years.  I also frequent other spas when my usual masseuse isn't available.  So, I know the benefits of massage, know the techniques that work for me and have been to dozens of masseuses in the past.  I have to say that my massage with Tamara on 4/26/14 was amazing.  Her technique was very smooth and fluid and the pressure was perfect. I caught myself dozing off a couple of times.  She worked out all the knots in my back in a rhythmic manner (didn't just painfully push) and spent extra time on my neck, head, ears, etc. (other masseuses usually gloss over).  She deserves 5 stars.The only negative thing about the spa - is the facility and aesthetics.  The spa facility is dated and the service at the desk was ok but definitely not pampering.  The facility probably deserves 2.5 stars for the facility itself. I don't normally go to the hassle of writing reviews but in this case I felt I should.  A group of friends and I go on a Vegas trip every year.  A few of us usually opt for a spa day.  On this year's trip, a couple of friends didn't want to go to the Paris Mandara Spa because the reviews weren't that good.  Instead they wanted to walk across the street to the Belagio for massages.  Personally, I like to relax on my vacation and treking across the street sounds like a lot of work for a massage.  I just want to put on my sweats and mozy down to the spa and then mozy back.  Being lazy, a couple of us just booked at the Mandara.  We were all very pleased with our massages.  The only down side of this spa was the facility. My recommendation is not to overlook this place!
1	I come to Vegas once or twice a year, though I had never stayed at Paris hotel.  After this visit, not again.  The spa at Paris, is the worst place I have ever seen.  It is unkept, dirty, scummy and smells like dirty feet.  The facilities are horrible.  The attendant frankly lazy and rude. Do not waste a penny.  I have seen high school gyms more appealing.
3	After reviewing the comments here, I was very hesitant to try Mandara Spa. I only went to Mandara Spa recently because I was staying in Paris Hotel. It was overpriced, and I agree with many of the comments here. If you find yourself in the same boat as me, staying in Paris, and in need of a massage, make sure you book the massage therapist named Ovid Owens. He was such a nice, genuine person and talented therapist, incorporating various forms of massage. I was so relaxed after my treatment!
1	Well...here is the rundown:1. The other reviews are right- the front desk staff were really lacking in positive energy.2. I had my arm around my boyfriend (not kissing or drunk or even anything remotely inappropriate) and one of the staff said if one of the guests sees us they might complain (awkward). 3. We had booked a hot stone couples massage over the phone but upon arrival they said they only do single massages. 4. While my BF got a great massage (Ovid), mine was super lacking (Patrice). I didn't get a temple message or eucalyptus over the eyes...the rocks stayed in the same position...you get the picture. Anyways if you're gonna splurge on a super expensive massage I'd skip this place unfortunately.
5	Gina and Irina (nail techs) are the nicest ladies. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our pedicures. This was actually my first one ever and I have a size 15 foot. Gina had a great attitude towards my huge never pedicured feet. My wife has had many and she confirmed they were very good!
4	Ovid Owens was assigned to me by chance but proved an incredible therapist. He is incredibly knowledgeable and draws on numerous techniques to best address your needs or issues. The facility was great and special offers through sites like Living Social make this a must-do!! Nice ambience.
3	Not bad! There's a variety of work out machines and it doesn't seem to be too crowded. My only complaint is that they don't have a water jug to fill up water bottles with. They have lemon water and cups. Also, it took us about 10 minutes to just get checked into the gym. We had to wait while people finished making reservations on the phone and then we had to sign two waivers.
1	My boyfriend and I celebrated our two year anniversary this weekend and I decided (although last minute) to book a massage for the both of us. I called the spa and left a message to see if they had appointments. Nobody called me back. I called again and finally spoke to someone. I let the guy know that I was holding off on purchasing a couple Groupons until I confirmed they had available appointments. He booked our appointments for 12pm and let me know that check in time was at 11:30am. We arrived at about 11:45am and were told that we needed to have our tickets printed (guy never told me this!).....after haggling with the front desk lady for a few minutes they let me know that I could email the tickets to them...well there is no reception there so I couldn't.....then they told me that because I was 30 minutes late that time would be shaved off our massage...which was ridiculous because check in time is different than my actual appointment time! I thought it was really tacky to say that to someone especially when that was not communicated when I scheduled the appointment. They eventually rushed us in, printed our tickets AND DIDNT shave the time off our massage...The massage was good but your service was pretty unwelcoming and lacked professionalism. Would never recommend this place...
1	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and needed at least one decent workout.The workout room felt like an afterthought.  A dingy underused conference room that had some machines thrown in to create a gym.  None of the equipment was well maintained, and there was insufficient  equipment for a good workout.I'd rather stay at the venetian complex and get the canyon ranch spa gym there.Now that's a real gym!
1	*Patient with cancer was denied a massage*  Bottom line -if you have cancer, or are pregnant (or who knows what other medical conditions they will discriminate against), do NOT go to this spa.  You will be treated unfairly. Please read below for full account and details.My cousin, Aunt and I purchased a Groupon in July 2014 for an 80 minute massage and 60 minute facial at the Spa.  We booked out appointments with no issues (my cousin opted to do the facial and massage in that order, so we could all get done at the same time to go for lunch).My cousin and I both put "cancer" on the paper that asked if you have any allergies, medications that you are on and any medical conditions.  At the bottom is a waiver of liability that you sign (yes we all signed it).  She was denied a massage, but I had a massage.  Discrimination or inconsistent practices??  We were previously at same spa for massages in November 2013 with the same diagnosis.  What changed in 10 months?My cousin then asked for another therapist.  That was not an option.  She asked if she could get her money back from Groupon and was told that she would have to contact Groupon directly.  When she asked if she could use their phone to call them, she was told NO.  The manager, Joyce, told us that the company policy said they cannot massage cancer patients.  I stated I just had a massage and that we were there in November 2013 without incident.  Joyce asked me if I put down "cancer" on my form and I said yes (as I did).  She said, oh, that shouldn't have happened.   I asked to see the policy, but she could not find it.  I said that there were NO policies on the website about medical conditions, nor was there any signage in the spa.   She said this policy is similar for pregnancy -they do not massage for pregnancy.  I asked to speak to someone at corporate who could explain this "policy" to me and the rationale behind it.  When I called Samantha Rohlfing the same day, I spoke to her assistant.  He took a message but I have not yet received a response.The customer service provided by the massage therapist and the manager, Joyce was deplorable and they should be retrained in customer service.  How, in good conscience, could you treat anyone, let alone a cancer patient, in this manner?  My cousin has been battling cancer and wanted a chance to relax and forget about her problems for a mere 2 hours.  You had to remind her of her cancer and then make her feel bad by discriminating against her by denying services.  You made her upset and ruined her vacation as well as the rest of our group.  Why would a manager of a spa do this after my cousin already had her facial and was waiting for her massage?Her sister was there and is a physician.  She knows that massage therapy in her specific type of cancer is therapeutic.My cousin deserves an apology from this company and Mandara needs to change their policy to disclose any conditions for which services will be denied.  You can't tell clients when they are already at your spa or in the middle of your treatment appointments.  That is a poor business model.I will never step foot in the Mandara Spa at Paris again.  Don't be surprised at the lack of customer service.
1	Poor customer service at front desk. Demanded tip up front prior to service, would not provide service without groupon printed out, although voucher on phone.  Was forced to wander around Paris shops to business office to print voucher as spa refused to print there. I was also forced to prepay my tip. Brittany up front kept saying 'you should have read your groupon' about the 20% tip, not realizing that some people prefer to tip after depending on customer service.  (When I did read the fine print, tip is added at check out, not forced on check in.)  I guess Brittany didn't read the groupon herself. Once in the service was great. Too bad the front desk ruined the whole thing.  Oh. And I left an extra tip (another $40 on top of the $87 the crumbs up front demanded) for the masseuse and esthetician Laurie because they were good, super professional and funny.  I would go back and pay full price if I didn't have to deal with the chumps up front.
2	As a licensed nail tech I believe its a must to write this review. While on vacation me and a friend of mine came to this spa. This spa is not apart of paris hotel if it was im sure the standard would be held much higher.The nail section of the "spa" is absolutely disgusting. Re-use of nail files re-use of foot files.They tell you the foot files are reuseable what a lie! this type  is reuseable yes FOR PERSONAL USE ONLY!!!  Techs do not use sanation jars for implements. No cleaning of pedicure bowls just a quick rinse spray and wipe . whirlpools must be kept in sanatation for 10 minutes in between each client.As much as people spend for a service here you would think they would hold a high standard of cleanliness for the safety of the client and themself!! When I went back to our room I washed my legs and feet I felt gross. I will not return!
3	Booked a last min spa on friday at 8am. Workout facility is decent. No bottle water in the workout room, just water dispenser. Good amount of treadmills and ellipticals. Room was a good temp. Good amount of free weights including bench press setup. The mens shower facility was clean but appeared outdated. There is a jacuzzi that was just warm and a cold bath that was just cool. The steam room was nice. The relaxation room was decent except that there was a leak in the ceiling that was in the process of being fixed. There were ample amounts of water (bottled), juices, tea, and coffee. By treatment was at 8:00 and they came and got me at 8:02. Im guessing my massage started at 8:05-07 and ended at exactly at 8:50. They are suppose to get you into the room and treatment started on the hour. The massage was just ok. You pay the same amount for this spa as you would with some of the other high end ones. I don't think it is worth the value. You get to use the workout facility with your resort fee. This is nice.
2	Although the masseuse was very good at the spa the facilities were not clean! The service was less than average and unfriendly wait staff and overpriced for what I received. The receptionist upon arrival was grumpy and I have been to other spas in Vegas that were very well kept and concerned about me as their customer, in this facility I never even saw an employee other than when I was having my massage. They had a shower that was out of order as well as the steam room was closed. The hot tub was very dirty, the showers were old and rundown the vanity area was lacking and what was so called the couples grand room was very small and the jetted tub was very dirty I am very disappointed having been to a Mandara spa before I expected better.
1	When compared to other spas on the strip, this place seems like an afterthought. The relaxation area looked like a waiting room at a doctors office, and featured coffee and tea. My locker had trash inside it, and the steam room was broken. That's my main complaint. There's a reason I go to spas in Vegas- to steam out all the toxins from last night! I saw another review from June that said their steam room was broken. That's at least six months that it has been down- Lame! The jacuzzi tub looked gross, and every shower had hair in the drain. Yuck!  I saw this in another review as well. Learn from your mistakes and clean up your spa! My massage was ok- uneven attention paid to each side. The room was cold and so were my therapists hands. The heated massage table saved me, even though it was kind of small. I was nearly hanging off it and I am 5'9". It was hard to relax. Perhaps the therapist did not really care, since she already made her tip before the service? I wouldn't come back, not even for the groupon price.
2	I do not recommend this spa! I got a groupon, which is why I went. It's small, not very clean, and not worth it. I was very disappointed. It feels more like a gym locker room. Go to another spa!
