5	So I'm usually not one for the whole pothead marketing scheme, which we've all seen many a Cheba Hut try to pull off, but Two Hippies is doing it right.  The biggest difference is that their food is actually worth eating when you don't have the munchies.  The place is tiny but they've given you a place or two to sit down.  It is filled with all of the psychedelics that you would expect and that you can think of.  But remember this place is all about the goods.  The Magic Mushroom Burger is a MUST if you like shrooms at all...the combination with the steak burger, cheese and "Liquid Sunshine Sauce" puts a taste in your mouth that is honestly a little surreal. I was lucky enough to score my burger, fries and coke for a 5 spot flat.  They also have some very special brownies that are a tasty treat after you've put down the goods.  But they are quick to let you know..."Don't Tell ANYONE Where You Bought Them."   They've just extended their hours to 9pm so stop by for lunch or dinner and I promise you'll get rocked.
5	MY girlfriend, my roomie and I stopped by here on Saturday. We had driven past several times before and commented on the place. OH MY GOD. Am I ever so glad we did. These burgers are the BEST in town, better than Hamburger Works, even better than (dare I say) Welcome Diner. We were lucky enough to be greeted by the owner, who explained that he is there every morning at 4am to prepare. Everything is fresh: cuts and breads his own fries and zuc/shrooms, even grinds the meat fresh every am. His wife and super adorable kid also work there. I got the Bacon Cheese, sub zuc for fries and a can of coke for 5 bucks. Did you hear me-5 BUCKS?!? That's an awesome deal on it's own, but factoring in the delish-ness of it all, it's a freakin' STEAL. Super cute inside, got all kinds of fun, old time candy for sale like wax lips and teaberry gum. The inside counter area is ringed with like 50 diffeent condiments, all wiped clean so no nasty mess is on the outside (nice touch). My girl had a salsa ketchup that was great. We will def be back to try his all natural dogs and chickin sammies...in fact maybe we gotta go back tonight...
4	I took my family here last night.  Interesting little place.  I definitely like the decor, but how could you not!  Tie-dye, hippie posters, psychedelic designs...  We started with the potato skins, pretty tasty.  Then we ordered 4 hamburgers and 2 hot dogs.  Gary and I had hot dogs, and they were delish.  It could be that they were delish because they just were or it could be because I haven't had a hot dog in ages!  Either way we were all happy with our dinner  AND the price!  Super cheep!The owner told us they had been open for 80 days as of yesterday and that they make the hamburgers and the all beef hot dogs there.The place was hopping too.  Lots of to-go orders, the front patio was packed and we sat on the back patio.  A mix of people, locals and business men, even a BMW motorcycle group in suits.  We definitely would go back if we were in the neighborhood.
5	I was slightly disappointed with my Magic Mushroom Burger when I just finally tried Two Hippies' flagship burger after reading about the sober, blown minds of other Yelpers. But as I got more into the "special" sauce (probably shouldn't ask any questions about it), reveled in the quality ingredients, and remembered that I just paid 5 dollars event for a large burger, giant sack of fries, and can of sod-e pop I started falling in love with the place.It and the whole strip of stores there have a definite time warp effect if you are there around lunch time. The kooky yet wholesome collection of stores, mix of intentional and unintentional nostalgic decor, genuinely friendly store owners, and time-is-not-of-the-essence attitude of the patrons throw me back to my feel-good childhood going to pizza parlors and mom and pop stores in Moon Valley. It has a near perfect blend of Americana in the stores there: Burger Shack, Barber Shop, Pizza Parlor, Head Shop, Motorcycle Repair, and the soon-to-be New Orleans Coffee and Balloons(???). (Well maybe I'll have to hold off judgment until that last establishment finally opens, but you can bet I'll be there on opening day to figure out what the hell coffee, balloons, and New Orleans have to do with each other in the same shop.)Two Hippies seems to be run by an actual Mom and Pop who are actually interested in learning the name and story of everyone who walks in and making sure they had a good meal. Meals then come in sack form and are difficultly eaten on dense collections of bar stools inside or outside next to a bar that is too high even for a tall guy like me to eat from. But the whole action of kicking it on a patio bar stool while eating a burger mid-air out of a wrapper just adds to the feel and will eventually evoke a Jules Winnfield impersonation, quoting, "Uummmm, that's a tasty burger!"I feel like now have our "Big Kahuna" burger establishment in central Phoenix. It's not as refined and awesome as Delux or Fez, or as high quality as Welcome Diner, but its an overdue innovation for a quick, cheap sack lunch.But keep in mind the area still can be pretty seedy even at lunch time. There is quite a few homeless people roaming around at all times, usually including the war veteran guy in a wheelchair with only a few teeth left that likes to wear wife beaters and direct traffic. I also got to hear a long and drawn out "bitch needs to gimme ma money" conversation when I was eating on the patio.My only other complaint is that part of their decorations is a vintage cabinet Ms. Pac-Man machine that is supposedly in working order that they are just using as a table to hold flavored candy sticks and other crap. It's a travesty. They need to fire that baby up.
4	I hate soggy fries. The rest of my household gobbled them up, but unless I get a good crunch as I bite into the potato goodness, I'll pass.That being said, the burgers at Two Hippies are good enough to keep a recovering vegetarian such as myself coming back.We went on a Saturday afternoon and the place had a steady coming-and-going of families, couples, dirty hippies and assorted other motley folk coming through the door. The place is tiny so most of us waited outside and watched the homeless pass by as we waited for our food. Grabbed our brown bag and everyone else in my party munched on fries the whole way home.. I sipped on my cream soda in an attempt to get the mushy-undercooked potato taste out of my mouth.I ordered the daily special, a green chile burger. Man-o-man... The burger was topped in a whole, perfectly-roasted green chile which added a nice bite to the special sauce. The bun was perfectly toasted and the fixin's perfectly piled (there's nothing worse than taking the first bite of a burger and having the toppings squeeze out the other end).. The beef was fantastic quality and the patty was a good size, but not one of those we'll-give-you-a-huge-burger-so-your-gut-hurts-afterward burgers.The signature magic mushroom burger looked great, as well. We had tried to go earlier in the week around dinnertime, but the sign on the front and back door says they close at 4 p.m. and they were definitely closed the evening we tried to go. I believe they're also closed on Sunday, so don't try to sneak in here instead of going to church.
3	Andy is a great guy, find him any day at Two Hippies, this restaurant is sure to open more as it builds a reputation.  $5.00 Burger, Fries and a Drink, this can easily equal success above the other thousands of burger locations in Phoenix.  The menu is to small to have a product like fries that become soggy fast.  The restaurant size gives the impression to grab and go.   I can't wait to give him four starts when the restaurant is in peak performance.
5	Hippies scare me.     So in my preparation to go to this place I ordered Xanax from an on-line Canadian pharmacy, which I have been taking for three days now.  Bought a tazer from Spy Headquarters in case one of them tries to hold me down and pours patchouli oil on me.  The fifth of gin that I slammed in the parking lot really helped with that last bit of extra courage that I needed to partake my journey into hippie-land.It was all for nothing. No hippies around, just a teenager behind the counter.  This place is tiny and the counters are about at mouth level. I don't know how anyone under 7'6" could easily eat off of them.  Anyways for $5 flat, you get a kick ass burger, a school lunch bag half full of well seasoned skin-on fries, and a can of soda.   It's true that the fries could have been a bit more crispy but they tasted so good I got over it real quick.I'd be afraid to ask what the special ingredient is because they might say "it's organic, don't panic".  Jerry's dead, but this place lives on.  Thanks hippies!
2	Barack Obama ate here!  That's right BITCH, the next Pressy had a burger here.  This from the owners mouth.At any rate, man did I want to LOVE this place, unfortunately my burger was over cooked.  The seasoning was great so I think it was just my bad luck.  I will go back.  But here's the real reason to eat here, it's Fucking CHEAP!  $5 get's you a burger, fries and a coke!  You can't beat that!
4	Me and my sis were greeted with a pleasant smile and I like the whole $5 part with the coke and fries. I dont really enjoy drinking soda but I'll take it anyway especially if its fruity, they have all the old school pop in cans Shasta and RC I should learn to take more pics but this place is cramped inside and I may be claustrophobic. I had the portabello mushroom burger see pic it had rice and all this other stuff that just kinda fell out all over the place it was super messy but pretty tasty. The fries are soggy which ordinarily we wouldnt eat but they were really good we couldnt stop eating them. We sat on the back patio and got checked on by I am assuming was the owner she asked how we liked it, was way nice I love the friendliness of the place we left hekka full and happy! Next time we go we will probably just share an order of fries though.
3	So I went to 2 hippies today (6/18/08) and I wanted to really like the place. I loved how tiny and cute it was, despite the drama of driving down Indian School Rd. It was close to the dealership I get my car worked on so I figured why not?Not sure if it is the heat of today, but people were driving incredibly stupid...and it just seemed so MANIC. Anyway I loved the decor and for some reason just seemed so out of place that I swear it should have been in Portland, OR or Seattle, WA. Loved the ambiance but I wish the food could have been better. I loved the people who worked the counter, too. Reviewers have complained about the soggy fries...I didn't mind one bit. If anything it was the super high salt content of the fries that should have been a concern. I got their special today - a cheeseburger. There was a sauce on it that vaguely reminded me of Togo's bbq sauce. The burger was a bit dry and I could see that they precooked it but didn't store it in a steamer to keep the meat from losing its moisture. The burger also had tomatoes on them as well - is that safe given the recall on tomatoes?  I digress...anyway the fries...well for me, one can never go wrong w fries except in 2 cases: they are undercooked and nasty OR they are salty. These were so salty that I had to toss them. I nearly wept. I love fries so to throw them away...my greed was in agony -- eat it or toss? I tossed because I didn't want to be laden with an overwhelming thirst on this super hot day.It is cool these guys recycle, even if it is not blatant. I had to ask the guy behind the counter and he took the cans. He was only too happy. It was a bit of a trek out to Two Hippies but I am willing to give them another shot - I had their special of the day which was a cheeseburger; my cousin had the same.The next time I get my car serviced I will go there again...hell, it only cost me $5.00 for a burger, fries and a soda.PS -- please forgive any typos...this was written into my phone and I'm terrible at self editing.
4	I am not sure that there could possibly be anything to complain about for a $5 burger, fries, and drink.  And we're talking a REAL burger here, not a centimeter thin frozen patty.  Unfortunately, I hate the kind of fries they make (personal preference though, right?) and my burger was cooked more than I like it (but next time I can ask for it more rare, right?).  I think just based on that meal, I would have stuck at 3 stars.BUT:  I can tell that burger will be delicious if I get it less done.  And I got fried zucchini that was YUMMMMMMY.  And the owner had me taste the potato salad, which I don't normally really love, but have been craving since that moment.  And the owner was as nice and friendly as can be.So I'm giving them 4 stars... and going back for more this afternoon.
5	Hippy hippy joy joy!The two hippies made me happy. How?  In the midst of moving my wife from Phoenix to San Francisco and packing up boxes and boxes of stuff, she took me here for lunch.  I had a chili dog that was hot, messy, and awesomely tasty.  The toasted bun was an added plus.  Along with that was a bag of the greasiest, yummiest fries in the world.  Were they soggy?  Well, yeah, but that's one of the things that made them so good.  This is one of those rare places where you wish your stomach was twice as big so you could just keep eating.There was no soda machine or fountain, but these guys had the class to offer RC and Shasta sodas from their refrigerator, and that taste just topped off an already fantastic meal with something more.Oh, and by the way, the whole shebang was $5!There ain't much to this place, there are padded stools, a bar to eat on, lots and lots of hippy decor, and a kitchen that's always sending out smoke and delicious smells.  This place is ultra yum.  Forget about the fast food places--Two Hippies pwns them all.  Better food, more of it, and cheaper too.  Stop thinking about it--turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream.  It is believing.
3	I really, really wanted to try this place. I've been seeing it for a while every time I drove by and I saw all the great reviews on here. The atmosphere is cool, the idea is great and the people behind the counter were tremendous. It really strikes me more as the type of place you would find in a ski or mountain town like Flagstaff, Durango, CO, Grass Valley, CA or even Vail. Unfortunately, the food is only so-so. Despite all the innovative toppings and seasonings, I really didn't find the burgers to be as good at those at Original Hamburger Works or The Chuck Box.The french fries were overly greasy and undercooked. I wish the owners would consider a drive to Tucson for a burger and fries at Bob Dobb's to see how tasty good fries and even handmade potato chips can be.With a few tweaks, this could be a 4 or 5 star lunch spot, but right now it only warrants 3.
5	So, i've worked at two yummy burger places (Delux and Fez), so I think I know a good burger when I'm presented with one.  Two Hippies is yummy, nothing fancy, nothing incredible, but what do you expect for $5? I got yummy seasoned fries (which were soggy, but the irony is I LOVE soggy french fries!), and the burger had yummy carmelized onions, which is Delux's secret!The best surprise was the owner, his customer service was incredibly great! Best I've had in a long time. SUPER nice guy, and even gave my fiance a free soda! Gotta luv that Dark Cherry pop!Go, it's cute and fun!!
4	Now, I'm not much of a meat-eater.  But I wanted to try this new spot in my neighborhood. Originally, i had though that the mushroom burger was a portobello mushroom burger, which is a bit more my speed, but after a quick explanation: a steak burger, made of ground steak, not like a steak sandwich.  This was enticing, especially since it was only 5 bucks for a meal.The burger and fries were served in a brown sack, and piping hot.  The burger was messy, greasy, and just plain DELICIOUS.  I like that I received hearty portions of WELL SEASONED food, and that the guy behind the counter was extra nice and answered all my questions.I give this place a thumbs up.  Although I have to join in on the french fry poll.. I wasn't too happy with the fries.  Had they fried them another 5 minutes, they would have been perfect.
4	Two Hippies is delicious.  Haute and hot.  Literally.  I stopped in mid-summer and the smell of burgers grilling, and onions carmelizing, mouth-wateringly hung in the air of this small, light on A.C., burger stand.  The owner, who, from other reviews as well as when I was there, it seems cares enough to be a presence, completely wowed and woo'ed me with his local restaurant vision.  (When reading, I would like woo'ed to be pronounced with two syllables, please.)  Anyway, the place was great, and I generally eat vegetarian.  I had 0 food coma, and only a little grease regret.  (Usually meaty meals leave me feeling slightly rohypnol'd.)  The condiment selection was fabulous, the 'grab your own beverage out of the cooler' was sort of a 50's throwback, and the stack of varied magazines to peruse while waiting, all made my Two Hippies experience completely repeatable.  He even threw in two free brownies to enhance my "first-timer" experience.  Hey kiddies, want some candy?  Just come into my hot van that smells like burgers...  No, seriously, all kidnapper van metaphors aside, it was delicious and he was super awesome and not creepy.  Also - it seems that he may have opened a Two Hippies Taco Stand??  Anyone seen this?  Sometimes my dreams get confused with reality.  Solid 4+ stars.  Fabulicious.
4	This place is good, cheap, and friendly.  The mushroom burger is absolutely amazing, as everyone else has said.  $5 gets you a burger or hotdog, fries, and a soda (an off brand like shasta or RC, but whatever).  The fries are a little undercooked for my taste, they still seem like they are in a 'potato' state, but honestly, at most places the burger alone would be $5, so I really can't complain.  This place deserves its accolades; The people who own the place are extraordinarily friendly and the atmosphere exudes friendliness.
4	I am right in line with he rest of the positive reviews about this place.  What you get for $5.00 seriously cannot be beat if you are craving a burger.  Since the reviews about the fries all said they were soggy and I don't particularly like soggy fries ... I decided on the onion rings.  They were perfect!  I got the mushroom burger with no condiments like mayo, mustard or special sauce ( i hate special sauces!) and it was very tasty.  The seasoning on the burgers is what in my opinion sets Two Hippies apart from your typical fast food joint.
5	As unassuming as the hippie decorations are, the $5 value meal as I would describe it is well worth it.  The only complaint I had in going here was the seating, and I could see how it could be a detraction when it's either hot or cold.  Seems everyone complains about the fries, I on the other hand liked them just fine.  On the day I went it was just right, I'll look forward to going back again and again.
4	This place is great !!! I had the $5 deal (Any burger, fries, soda) I just got the cheeseburger and it was charbroiled deliciousness !!! Also had an order of their cheesesticks...which come with ranch, I thought I was the only one that dipped this in ranch...guess not...they were awesome and cheap ($3.50) and come with like 6 sticks.We sat in the back at the picnic tables and one of the employees even came out to see how everything was and let me use their restroom even though it was not a public restroom.The food here is delicious, cheap, and the people working here are very friendly and appreciate your business.I will be going back and will be telling others to check this place out.
4	Solid 4.25 stars. Great service, very friendly, like they should be. Great decor. Very quick from order to sitting down. The food... excellent bun, excellent veggies, good cheese, great sauce, meh burger. It was thin and over seasoned. BUT since it was with all the other goodies it was good. I really liked the frys (they must have listened because they are crinkle cut frys now) and they were not soggy, but crisp on the outside and "meaty" on the inside, they too had too much seasoning. I would give them a 5 if they had a little better burger but for 5 bucks I will not complain. Plus they have Mt Dew. If you are not a scrooge and allow yourself to talk to other you can meet some cool folks too. Hey Chris... see you on Yelp soon.
2	I had looked forward to going, and was really disappointed. I love hamburgers, so trust, I know what I'm talking about. I got the regular burger, and I don't think it was real beef. It tasted odd, and the charbroil effect left it tasting sort of burned. Most of the reviewers complained about the fries. They must have changed the way they do something, because that was the saving grace! I thought the fries were pretty good.The $5 deal was awesome, the atmosphere was good, it was clean, the worker was incredibly friendly. I will try it again because it's close to me, but next time I will get a veggie burger, or a hot dog.
4	So, I went back, as I said I would, but this time I got a hot dog. I got "Chicago Style". It was a giant kilbasa type hot dog, with ketchup, relish, lettuce, tomato, jalapenos, and onions. WOW! Very good, and very BIG! I got the $5 deal, and I think that with the fries, 2 people could have split it pretty easily. (O.k. not 2 burly men, but 2 small people). So, I am now a big fan, and will continue to go back.
4	Mmmm Magic Mushrooms... *drool*I've been to this place twice.  Once with a buddy and once with the wife.  I usually test a place with my buddy before I deem it wife-worthy, and believe me... it is WIFE-WORTHY!  Everything is fresh according to Mrs. Hippy.  I found that statement a bit odd after seeing an empty box of frozen burger patties. Not that I care!  Those things are bad ass!  They also make their own thousand-island dressing for the mushroom burger and its phenomenal!Trip #1: I ordered the Jalapeno Burger, Fries, and a can of soda. Total price was $5 even. The burger was surprisingly unmatched, for the price.  I mean it is no Island's burger, but it is very tasty and inexpensive. The fries are those crinkle cut ones like you used to get in elementary school for lunch.  Fat, juicy, and crispy. The soda was... well... a can of soda.Trip #2: I ordered the Magic Mushroom Burger, Fries, and a can of soda. Total price, again, was $5 even. I'm beginning to like this! The burger had tons of Swiss cheese and mushrooms on it.  A dabble of thousand island (which was rich and creamy) completed this masterpiece. The fries, same. The soda, same.I preferred the jalapeno burger, just because that's how I roll.  I like jalapeno burgers.  If you are a Swiss n' mushroom burger person, I'm sure you will find that this burger is unbeatable.
5	Wahoo! This place rocks. I had been meaning to stop by this place for some time and so I just did it today. I pulled in and there was no parking so I parked next to Jack in the Box. I ordered the Magic Burger combo and was not disappointed to say the least. The burger was one of the best Mushroom burgers I have ever had and even the fries, which are dusted with moon dust, were yummy. The best thing is that it all came with a drink for only $5. and I couldn't even eat all the fries. You will see me there again.
4	we went here after reading a lot of good reviews on yelp, but it didn't live up to all expectations.i had a hot dog, which was pretty average and had, like, 100x too much mustard. also the onions tasted pretty weird. my lady liked the fries, and was bummed they didn't have any veggie burgers. the inside is pretty cool looking (no room for sitting, just looking, and waiting). there was an inspector of some sort there while we were eating in the back, which raised our brows. the seating in the back is kind of awkward, and right next to the dumpster, so that might explain the flies.still, the food wasn't horrible, it just didn't live up to all the great reviews this place has.
5	My friend and I been passing by this place for a while and finally decided to stop in....was it the giant hot dog perched on the roof, the small outdoor eating area where one can sit and watch the cavalcade of weird and wacky folks pass by? Or was it just the sign that said, "Magic Mushroom Burger, Fries and a Drink for $5?" that did it? --I gotta confess, it was the $5 lunch offer.But once we drove back behind the joint, parked and entered, it was literally like traveling in the Way Back Machine to when the world was a groovier, laid back place. There's blacklight posters, pulp movie posters, all sorts of doodads, swag, signs, you have you, within the tiny confines of the customer area. And then there's the food! The magic mushroom burger is exactly as advertised. The fries were fabulous!! [not that I need fries, mind you, but these are cooked in trans-fat free oil, so they're at least a bit healthier...] and the service is extremely friendly.We've been back several times and have yet to have a bad meal...I even brought my sister and her friend there when they were visiting from California. Now there's something you all should know about my sister--she REALLY enjoys life!! She absolutely loves the Phoenix freeways, she loves driving along them and looking at the artwork on the overpasses. There's only one freeway that runs through out hometown and it's not exactly all that----not to mention, she runs a cattle ranch so she doesn't get out much, but she DOES know a good cut of meat when she bites into one--and Lee Ann really digs Two Hippies!! She even took home some of the Magic Brownies--you know, the ones that say "Don't tell ANYBODY where you bought these brownies!!"Some of my co-workers even drive up there and bring back take-out.So come one, come all to Two Hippies--we'll make room for you on the patio.
5	I have been there several times and the Magic Mushroom Burger is great.  The mystery sauce adds great tang.  A burger, fries and a soda for five bucks it can't be beat.  Although I will admit the first time I had the fries they seemed hand made but they were soggy and flimsy.  The second time I was there they were crinkle cut fries and an improvement.  The place is small and seems even more claustrophobic with all the eclectic decor on the wall.  But that is part of its charm. Besides, most places downtown or mid-town are pretty small.  Everything on the wall is pretty funny, for example see the picture of the bibs.  The down thing is is only open weekdays and until 4pm which blows.  But after speaking with the guy running the place he states that they close early so he can be home with his kids after they get out of school.  So you can't be upset at that!!!
5	OH YA!!!  (Kind of like the Kool-Aid Man would do it.)This place is the BEST fattening burger around!  You know, the kind of burger that lumps up in your stomach for the rest of the day and puts you in a comatose state while staring at your office computer!  I would come here every day for lunch if I could (My waist wont allow me.)I usually get the "fat ass burger deal" for $6.50.  To be honest, I would gladly pay $6.50 for the burger alone.  It's better than anything your going to find at Arby's or Wendy's.  However, for $6.50 you get a double meat double cheese burger with all the fixings, a LARGE bag of onion rings and fries, and two canned sodas to wash it down with.  The burger tastes like it is fresh to me.  In fact, I was talking with the owner one day and he was telling me they ground their own chuck and season it in house.  I know one of the reviews insinuated it was a frozen patty and if it is, I want to know where they buy them being it's so good.  (Although, with that said, I HIGHLY doubt it is one of Wal-Mart's finest patties.)  The tomatoes, lettuce, onion, and other toppings always burst with flavor.  They are fresh and never taste old, wilted, or soggy.  If your skinny and need to gain weight, this is the place to go!  If your fat and trying to kill your self off, this is the place to go!  If you just want a damn good burger at a damn good price, this is the only place to go!
4	Two Hippies is a great little no brainer kind of placed to eat. Incredibly small and ran incredibly well, be prepared to squeeze your way in and out .   They have great specials and the price is definitely right. For 5.00 you have lunch and maybe a bit of an experience as well.   Today with kids in tow , the hubby and I had Guacamole Burger, Fries, Onion Rings and A super yummo  Mushroom Burger.  The mushroom burger was so good , love the mushrooms, cheese and the bun really worked. I am so glad they put some thought into the bread. The Guacamole was not what I envisioned  with thick guac, it had runny stuff that frightened me.  The kiddettes had sliders , so cute with their tiny little buns, the burgers not the kids.  We all adored the fries they just really work with the burgers, the seasoning is "lawrey seasonish " but what the hey it was good stuff.   Pretty fast service for  a line out the door on a Saturday afternoon , it was already past one and people were hungry , big orders in and out and lots of people !  They have service down you walk up order they write it on a lunch bag and wham it comes out in about 10 -15 minutes. They don't mess with  a soda fountain  so you have to be okay with drinks out of the can. It kind of gives it a "Whacka-whacka"  old school feel! For those of you young yelpers , yes we didn't have an endless soda fountain back when I was a kid. The parking really sucks , it is tough to get in and tough to get out I literally thought we were going to be in one of those chinese puzzles where you have to move the pieces  every which way to work .  People are very serious about getting in there !
4	Reasons I love Two Hippies:The gross fiberglass hot dog on the roof: It intrigued me, so I slowed down the car. Then I saw the name and decided this place was worth a shot, just for the sheer entertainment value.The hot dog: I like to consider myself pretty well-rounded in the hot dog world. This is the best hot dog I have ever had, I find myself thinking about it a little more often than I would like to admit (I had the bacon cheese dog). But seriously... the best... ever. The owner makes them.The price!: The best hot dog ever w/toppings + fries + a soda= 5 Bucks!!!  On another note: Not a lot of seating. But honestly, the best hot dog      EVER!!! If 4.99 stars were an option thats what I would pick.
1	I saw this place yesterday, while i was out running some errands. I was very intrigued. The idea was similar to Cheba Hut (which i am a huge fan of) So i just checked it out for lunch and was very disappointed. I ordered the Magic Mushroom Burger with frys. The girl who took my order was very cute, but my burger was extremely salty. This alone "killed my trip". I may go back for a Shasta Cream soda someday. Hopefully the same girl who took my order is still there.
5	Heck yay! All the reviews below are spot on, but I'll throw my two cents in. I had the lunch special (Magic Mushroom Burger) and ordered my son a basic cheeseburger. We both chowed down. Fries were a bit salty, but the burgers were bestest. And the $5 lunch special is toppermost!The counter guys even had little airplanes for my kids to play with while we waited for our order. We sat on the back porch out of the sun and had a great lunch. Will visit again when I'm around.
4	This area is teaming with unique options and real honest to goodness bargains. Stop by Magic Mushroom and get a burger, fries and a can of soda for $5 even. The owners start early in the morning to grind the meat fresh ever day that goes into the burgers, now that's some serious attention to detail. If available, and you're really hungry, try the Fat Ass ($7.50). This burger is just as much fun ordering, as it is eating. A couple of beef patties with all the fixings, plus bacon on a deliciously soft bun, sides of fries, onion rings and 2 sodas, whew! Go Fat Ass! Inside Two Hippies there's enough tie-dyed, flower child kitsch packed into this place to transport you to the summer of love in one step through the door. Look out Brady's, there's a new bunch in town!
4	What up Daren C? Thanks for getting me started on Yelp!!!!Five dollars for this meal? Are you kidding me? I love me some mushroom burgers and the only thing I have to say on this is that the burgers are a little salty but it won't stop me from coming back. The plus side it's a grilled burger and it definitely shines with the flavor. It reminds me of a good burger from the county fair where I grew up. Don't go here if you are in a hurry during lunch rush! If you have some time it is a great place to sit outside and eat and if you are up for some convo it is a great place to meet cool people. Next time I go I'm trying the hot dog... I've heard great things and if it's anything like the burgers I'm sure I'll still be a fan.I love to see local places like this sprout up and love to support them. I think the Two hippies have a good thing going and can't wait to try the big breakfast spot that will be opening.
2	Every time I eat their burgers I am reminded how salty they are!  I love the other ingredients, buns are fresh, lettuce is crisp, mushrooms are magical, sauce is mmm... but the MEAT is SALTIER than...chocolate salty balls I guess.  It's salty, to the bone.  Enough to make me never go back.  But... it's cheap, it's a good location, and the breaded mushrooms... well I love breaded mushrooms, and these are pretty decent.  So... *sigh* I'll probably go back, God help me.
4	Five bucks.  A burger, fries and can of pop.  How can you go wrong?I had the Guac burger.  It's the reason I took a star away.  The burger itself was great, but the guac?  Notsomuch.  They do have a good array of different toppings to choose from.  The fries were shoestring-cut and had a spiced salt sprinkled on them.  It was a good-sized serving.  I love a can of pop!  They have Shasta, which is two thumbs up for me.  It doesn't have NutraSweet in the diet, but Splenda.  Hooray!Getting out of this place is a bitch so here's my secret: Go out the back way, through the car wash to get to 7th Street.  Traffic on Indian School, right at the 7th Street light, sucks moose balls.
4	After driving by this place multiple times over the past few years, I finally got to try it today. I've gotta say I was quite happy with their food. The only down side (which really isn't a big deal) is the spacing. It's a very very small joint, so I wouldn't recommend coming here with a big group of people. Seating is very limited, with basically a few stools and counters inside and in the front outside, however there are a few bigger picnic tables out back. I think next time I'll shoot for the tables because the counter height compared to the stool height was very awkward (the counters were much higher, so standing is much easier). Maybe they do this so people eat and leave, instead of hanging around since it's so small to begin with. Okay...all that being said, the food was great! I had the Bacon and cheese chicken sandwich with fries and a drink. And like many others have said, I was very happy to find it was only $5. And they definitely don't skimp on the portions...the sandwich was very filling and they filled a bag with a ton of fries. Oh and the fries...dont get me started! They had the perfect amount of seasoning, and were hot and crisp, so they obviously weren't sitting around forever. My boyfriend had the Fat Ass burger...which I cant tell you exactly what was on it, all I know it was huge, and he absolutely loved it. The man can eat, and it filled him up, so that's a good sign. All in all, I definitely recommend to others, and plan to go back again, maybe just different seating next time.
4	Extremely cramped -and I mean wall space as well as floor space.  It's hilariously decorated inside - like the year 1972 just mushroom-clouded all over someone's walk-in closet.  But no complaints.  When you can get a pretty good burger (petite as it may be) and an off-brand fruity soda for $5, how can anyone?
2	I guess if you are stoned anything will taste good. Unfortunatly when I visited this place I was not, and therefor this place kind of grossed me out. The food was quite bad in my oppinion. The fries weren't crunchy and didn't have any seasoning on them. The burgers were also not that appealing. The place is tiny and manages to be the most cluttered looking place I have ever seen. It just kind of made the place look dirty.
5	OMG!!! If you haven't eaten here you are missing out. It has a funny name so some might be sceptical. However I have been a handful of times and this place is constantly delicious. My favorite is the guacamole burger. This burger is perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection. I usually go with the meal which includes a can of soda and a bag of fries for $5.00. If you feel like splurging also get a "special brownie" YUM! Definitely check this place out before it catches on because secrets like this don't last long.
4	Two Hippies is a lot of enjoyment packed into a small, hole-in-the-wall joint. Walking in one is greeted with much 60s graphic decor that seems to cover just about all of the wall space. Very retro. I remember some of those posters from college.The food is great, too. I vote for the Magic Mushroom burger. The lunch deal with the burger, fries, and beverage for $5 even, tax included is hard to beat.I give it four stars, and I'm a hard grader.
2	I was so disappointed with my food here.  We decided to meet a couple friends here that were up in PHX for the weekend.  We wanted something really cheap and yummy, and it seemed like this place fit the bill perfectly.  Parking was a little difficult, but it was expected, so no biggie.  The place is tiny inside so there wasn't much elbow room, but we were lucky enough to grab four stools at the counter.  I ordered the Magic Mushroom Burger Deal so I got a burger, fries, and a can of soda for 5 bucks.  It really is an unbeatable deal.Unfortunately, when the food came out, I was way less than impressed.  My fries were unsalted and very bland.  They were shoestring style, which I really like, but some were cold and some were lukewarm, obviously a less than favorable fry eating experience.  The burger was such a big let down for me.  I read on the menu that all burgers were cooked to medium, but instead I had a super thick dried out patty on the bun.  Yuck!  I would have been perfectly fine with it being well done if it were still juicy, but it lost all of its tenderness and flavor.  The cheese on the burger was gross and congealed.  The mushrooms weren't half bad but lacking salt just like the fries.  I think I was mostly disappointed because after reading all the reviews of this place, I was expecting some really good greasy and salty food.  Sadly, that was not the case at all.  Instead I only ate half my food and then did not feel very good later.  At least the place was visually entertaining on the inside.
4	I don't know what is wrong with my wife but she has the worst experiences when eating burgers at burger joints.  Strange.  While she may not have enjoyed herself, I certainly did.  I had the magic mushroom burger and, despite some of the magic missing, it was still great.  Tons of onions and lots of mushrooms made for a wicked good burger.  The fries weren't bad either but I wish they didn't serve them in a paper bag.  Seriously, for $5 you can't beat the combo deal.  Much love to the hippies - can't wait to see how the Breakfast Joint turns out.
4	I have been twice now and I really, really enjoy the burgers. Close to the best burger I have had to date in all my 32 years of living. Why then did it not get 5 stars you might ask??? The fries are terrible and the choice of soda is totally weak. So my suggestion, save your money: skip the fries and soda meal deal. Just get the burger! A couple other things to note: We were lectured by what I assume to be the owner. Which if the burgers weren't so good, I really would not go back. A group of us go out to lunch quite a bit at work and we are always looking for new, good, and cheap places in the downtown area. I am a big fan of supporting local business and usually refer to Yelp for help. We went as a group of five and all ordered and paid separately. I guess that was a big hassle and a problem for the owner. Apparently we slowed everything down. I had to listen to this lecture not once but twice, even after I apologized and said "sorry, this is our first time here." Today we ordered together and called ahead, just as we were told to do the time before. Asked him for lots of ketchup, he said it was in the bag. We didn't check and we got none. A major bummer for our entire party. They are fast however at the lunch rush. And a really cute boy running the register and not lecturing us, flirted with me: that was nice. Still regretting that I didn't put my number on the back of the receipt as he asked me to do.So there you have it. Very good burgers. Customer service, fries, and soda suck!
4	Definitely an interesting dining experience. A delicious burger (I had the guac one), fries, and soda ("It hasta be Shasta!") - all for just 5 bucks. Lots of 60s kitsch. Seating designed for people who are at least 7 feet tall; people of normal height who want to sit can go to the back porch of the joint, where they have family "picnic" style tables. I'll definitely be back to try the other goodies!
2	Had high expectations after reading all of the reviews.  The product fell short.  I enjoyed the simplicity of the concept.  Cheap burgers, brown bags, Shasta cola cans, etc.  Our problem was the burger and fries were not very good.  Both of ours were charred beyond belief and the cheap fries that they serve with them were of the poorest quality.  Maybe it was an off day for the cooks, but we were the only people there on a Saturday afternoon.  Hate to give bad reviews to local businesses, but our experience could not justify a good one.  Hope they can turn it around as the concept has the makings of a Phoenix landmark.
4	They have burgers, hot dogs and chicken sandwiches. A meal deal means you get an entree with a side of fries and a can of Shasta, which is actually a really good deal for this sort of all-American lunch. The burger buns seem to be freshly baked, not the crummy kind you buy in a bag of  8-12. They've still got a light dusting of flour on the top, and they're delicious. My husband is the pickiest meat eater, but so far he's found nothing to nitpick about with these burgers - not even a teensy bit of gristle. The fries aren't the best I've ever had, but they've been consistently hot and lightly salted, which is how I like them.
3	Occasionally, when I'm hungry I make rash decisions. I went here around the time the Magic Mushroom propped itself up. Ate an avocado burger, which was like most avocado burgers I've had. I appreciated their understanding of medium-rare being served medium-rare... thumbs up. However, when I opened the paper bag of fries I was quite ready to devour... well, I thought- blackened potatoes are THE THING, and they must be sporting a new flavor. This new flavor is: saturated-in-reused-grease-that-all-things-have-been-submerged-in fries. I wasn't a big fan of this new flavor, maybe you will be.
4	Holy cow! This is NOT a "where's the beef?" burger! And, they are hand-formed, saw the guy molding patties with my own eyes!!The greasy, heart-attack-in-a-bag $5 special is not for the faint hearted.The green chile delivered the heat. Couldn't even finish my fries!I WILL be back, but I'm definitely going to have to ration myself! Good thing it's not on my way home from work!!
1	The cool name of the place is the only good thing here. The burgers are below-average and unenjoyably (is that a word?) messy. Fries, too greasy. Seating, not comfortable. Skip it!
4	My family has a motto: "Pot just makes me tired and hungry; and I'm already tired and hungry." For some of the family this means "Say no to drugs"; for others it means harder stuff is where it's at; for me it means "I need a burger and a nap."Cue the hippies. Two Hippies served me up a real burger. Like a REAL one! you know curvy like I like em; not flat. The fries came in a paper bag so that no one can claim they had no idea it was bad for them and sue. The bad is clear by the time you take a seat...grease may be my favourite foodI am not going to be the only one not to mention that you get a burger, fries and can of soda (pop for Thomas S and the people of his homeland and surrounding areas--ps they say pop because they would just say soda funny.) for $5!! Way better than fast food for cheaper. I will now end this review because I am tired...and hungry...
4	This place is campy with tons of vintage posters and related.  The food is great.  I recommend it.  The price point is very reasonable.  I'll be back!
5	I love how this place is so unassuming and I hope it is able to make it in Phoenix. I decided to do lunch there as I've passed by it a million times and also tried stopping by there during business hours and it wasn't open! Well I know hippies and sometimes they lose track of time... Anyway, the parking was easy to find as I pulled into the alleyway just west of the building and squeezed my way into a space behind the building. The smell of cooking beef hit me square in the face as I stepped out of my car and I observed people eating burgers on the back patio. So far so good! The menu was easy to read and I tried the lunch special of a specialty burger of my choice (excellent to get to choose!), fries, and a Shasta (creme soda for me) for $5.25. The cramped lobby was filled with people waiting for their food and I noticed many people coming in and out, thinking this must be a good take out place. I sat outside and hoped to attract more passerbys to the restaurant as many people gawked as they drove by at the businesses at that busy stretch of Indian School. Got my bag of food and ate outside under the fans and shaded patio- wonderful! Juicy guacamole burger with nothing needed to be added to it and crispy shoe string fries made for a meal I couldn't even finish. Loved it! Will be back very very soon!
3	It was Labor Day, and we were out enjoying a driving tour as outlined by modernphoenix.net. We drove to a bunch of different neighborhoods, starting in Arcadia and ending in a scary area of Sunnyslope. Phoenix and Scottsdale have a lot of mid-century modern homes! I recommend you check it out.Anyway, we found ourselves in the area of the 51 and Indian School at lunch time. We first tried Lucky Boy Burgers, but they were closed for Labor Day. Since we had gotten psyched up about burgers, we sought an alternate location in Two Hippies Magic Mushroom Burgers. I had read about the place on Yelp and elsewhere, so I knew it would be worth a try. Hubby had the Magic Mushroom burger and I tasted it. It was cooked medium-well (as in-- no pink in the middle, grey all the way through) but not terribly dried out. There was quite a bit of "sauce" on there, and in this case it was probably a good thing since the meat was presented in a less than ideal way. If the meat had been cooked medium rare (I know, they won't cook it that way) or even medium, I think the sauce would have been a detractor. I had the jalapeno cheddar hot dog. The dog was split down the middle and had nice grill marks on it. It was a big link, more the size of a sausage with a delicious, smokey and salty flavor. The jalapenos were standard fare out of a can or jar, but adequate. The cheese was fine-- I would have liked it more melted, but oh well. We shared an order of french fries. They were crisp and fresh, medium sized and had the peel still on the end-- a nice touch. I would eat at this restaurant again if I were hungry, light on cash and in the area. I don't think I would go out of my way to go there, though, with so many other places in Phoenix left to try.
4	I was looking for a neighborhood burger joint- unfortunately living in Old Town makes it difficult.  I don't have anything against Stax, Roaring Fork or anything like that, but I just wanted a simple pile of greasy meat stuffed in a bun that I could run in, order, and take home.  Looking around on Yelp, I came across Two Hippies.  I'm glad I did.  I picked up the big-ass combo, and it was no joke.The Burger?  It's a burger, but it's a good one- simple, full of flavor.  The taste of an actual grill was very evident- no flat metal here.Fries and Rings?  They're fair, but I didn't go for the fries.Right now construction makes it a nightmare, but it's worth the effort and the drive, even from Scottsdale.
3	Did anyone else smell the irony when your order was taken by a person who looked like anything but a hippie?  He looked more at home in Brooklyn tossing a pie and making curt comments to ignorant customers who hadn't read the menu.  Nevertheless, this place delivers a solid burger at a price that ensures that you will never be tempted to lower your standards to Jack in the Box again.  The place is tight and uncomfortable but I suppose that is part of the charm.  Also, bring cash or be prepared to pay the piper at the ATM machine that is next to the register.
4	Totally lived up to my expectations.  The Magic Mushroom Burger was juicy and delicious.  Can't beat their deal either....Burger, crispy fries and a soda for $5 !  The inside is quirky and small with lots of stuff to look at while you're waiting, but the wait isn't that long.  We sat outside and enjoyed a nice October evening.  The only thing that bugged me was the ratio of height from the barstools to the bar counter.  It was too high for me, but then again I am not a very tall person.  I'll bring a booster seat next time.  :)Bottom line:  Great burger, Great deal.  GO!
1	What's with the cheese?  It isn't even Velveta.  It's liquid cheese food and it belongs somewhere other than on my burger.$5 burger and fries is a great deal IF -- IF -- it's a great deal.  This is just liquid cheese food on a hamburger patty.  McDonald's will do a burger and fries for $5 that's tastier than this dump.
5	I love Two Hippies, can I say it enough? I really do, and I swear I'm not just biased. I went to the burger joint and knew that I had to be level headed. I loved the taco shop, the breakfast joint, and the organic pizza.. mm mm mm... so I knew that I had to keep myself from liking this place simply for the name..But oh... oh oh oh... so good. I'm not a big burger fan, but I got the bacon cheese burger... so good. yum yum. So, like I said, not a big burger fan, so I was thinkin.. maybe I will just give this place a four just based on the fact that I simply love Two Hippies and maybe people would think I was lying. But then I tasted their hot dog. Oh. My. the bacon.. who else didn't know that bacon could come in anything other than strips, all wavey-like? And it was HUGE! Oh, and we can't forget the brown bag of frys. So good. I think they gave us an extra bag by mistake- I'm not sure though, we inhaled them too quickly to notice! Ding Ding, another winner for Two Hippies!
3	Not magical.
4	I've had burgers that cost twice as much with half the taste.  That's what my dad said about his Mushroom Burger.  This must be one of the best values in town and it actually tastes good.  Well, my hamburger has been a little overdone more than once.  But I think that charred flavor just makes it seem like I'm at a family cookout.  The seasoning on the fries is great and I had to stop myself from shoveling them in my mouth.  If you want to eat there, find the picnic tables at the back.  Sure, it's like eating in a parking lot, but you are guaranteed to have hot fries.  CASH ONLY.  They do have an ATM inside.
4	I went for the special tonight on my first visit. A little embarassed to order it because it was called the Fat Ass Burger. It was a big double burger meal deal for $7.50. Beef was a bit dry but I love that they are not pre-pressed frozen burger patties but more like burgers you form yourself.  I also likes the fries and onion rings that came with it, they were awesome. I also liked that ranch sauce they give you for dipping and an old school can of Shasta pop!I had left overs and my dog Ruby had no complaints at all with getting them.
4	As many others have said: burger, fries, and Shasta soda for $5 including tax.  I was a big sport, though, and got the Fat Ass burger special which came with a double bacon cheese burger, fries and onion rings, and a Shasta for $7.50.  In a moment of weakness, I also went for a magic brownie.  Total bill $9.50.  Knowing that I consumed enough calories for a whole family: priceless.The burger is like what your dad would make at a family cook-out.  Hand formed patties that are really thick compared to a McBurger.  The onion rings were good.  The fries were also good, but a little on the soft side.  I prefer a fry with a little more crisp to it.  I had the first black cherry Shasta soda I have had since I was probably 12.  The brownie was really good and definitely worth the $2 and associated guilt.If the weather is good, there are places to sit outside both in front and in the back.  If the weather is not good, get your food to go; there is some seating inside along the windows, but it would probably get a bit crowded when it is busy.
5	We stopped in here today while out running errands all over town. We weren't all that hungry, but I've been wanting to go here for awhile and really didn't know when I would be near here again. My husband was game for going. This place is like it should belong on a beach somewhere. It's small...no tables, just barstools, maybe 8 total with a few tables outside. I'm a vegetarian so I went with the Veggie Sandwich. My husband did the bacon cheddar hot dog. Of course, we did the meal deal. $5..can't beat it! My sandwich was so good!! I was thinking it would be a veggie burger or something similar, but it was eggplant with sauteed mushrooms and onions. I have no idea what everything was sauteed in, but it was amazing! Had a sweet taste to it. My husband said he could taste the charbroiledness in the hotdog and it was loaded with bacon and cheddar! The place is just a cool place all around. Good food and good prices, you just can't beat it. I like places are just a little different than the rest and this place is just that!  So, maybe I will be running errands on that side of town more often.I'm giving it 5 stars, just because it was above and beyond what I expected.
4	This place is great and a lot of fun. We ventured over here on a whim because we were waiting for a show at the Rhythm Room across the way and the traditional Rack Shack BBQ was closed and locked.The decor is quite fantastic and this little joint has a cool vibe. I was a bit guarded because it looks like the kind of place that might spring cheesy Ed Debevic's antics on you at any minute. But.. the guys were just cool. One of the guys in my party is on a low-carb diet and the proprietor was very accommodating, making menu suggestions and whatnot. I got the Magic Mushroom Burger, another person ordered the Fat Ass Burger but what ended up in the bag was the Hot Ass Burger, and the low-carb person got a Greek burger with no bun. We all got the meal deal which is simply phenomenal at the $5 price point. You can't even get a crappy meal at McD's for that price any more. The burgers were absolutely awesome, and the fries were perfect.There are bar stools inside and out in the the front. If you go around back, there are a couple larger booths by the parking lot. I wouldn't go back there again because a lot of people were standing around smoking and there was some tough-guy "Oh yeah? Well I'll kick your ass!" exchange going on behind the business next door. Give it a rest, guys. The proprietor did come around back and ask us how everything was, which was cool. I'd recommend to anyone.
1	The owner is a real jerk.  His attitude and lack of helpfulness was a real turnoff right from the start.  I decided I'd rather go hungry than give any money to support this place.  My friend who ordered before me (and also didnt appreciate the rudeness from the owner) did get some food.  Average at best.  Not worth the trouble.  The guy should think about closing his restaurant if he hates what he is doing.
5	I debated the number of stars, back & forth... 4 or 5.  Finally, I decided on 5.  You can't beat the bang for your buck!  No frozen patties, here, just thick, juicy, hand formed patties that were soooo tasty.  I had the Fat Ass special for $7.50.  That's a double burger with cheese & bacon, all the fixins, onion ring/fries combo, and a drink.  Seriously... you can't beat it.   I only wish there was more seating to eat in.  I will definitely go back!
4	This is a fun place to go, and a real bargain. While most kitschy places in Phoenix like to up-charge for the "niftyness factor". Two Hippies is the real deal... A charbroiled burger in a sack, with fries and a Shasta for just $5! Seating can be an issue at lunch, so don't have your heart set on eating in.
3	Based on food alone, would be a Meh, but great value @ $5 for burgers, fries + can soda, upgrades to A-OK.  Plus, not here to put out a gourmet product, just wanna feed you for cheap and still make a profit, kudos.
4	Two Hippies wasn't open for dinner when I lived at Central and Indian School. It's probably for the best that I moved away shortly after they started staying open for dinner - I would have gained some serious  pounds.My first visit, I ordered something called the Fat Ass Burger. It's a double-chargrilled cheeseburger with bacon and special sauce. It comes with a sack of fries and onion rings plus two cans of soda for $7.50. (The hippies prefer cash so the man can't track them down, but they'll take plastic.)The burgers taste like the kind you'd grill at home, but what will really blow your mind is how much food you get for the money.Now that hours have improved, my main gripe is that interior seating is limited, which could make for a sweaty lunch during the summer months. On top of that, I couldn't find a place to recycle my soda cans. What kind of hippies are these?Still, I'm willing to let all that slide because Two Hippies always help my stomach and my wallet find inner peace.
5	AMAZING!! I found the review in New Times (a local paper) and had relatively low expectations going in because with a name like Two Hippies I expected just kitsch. I was soooo wrong! I had a hot dog, Mushroom Burger and Fat Ass Burger (which consists of garlic aioli, swiss cheese and sauteed mushrooms) all meats were charbroiled, moist, and very well seasoned. The fries are shoestring and are very well salted. I tried the sweet potato fries which I've never had before--they were excellent!! The seating is limited, the owner is no frills, the food is GREAT!Highly recommended to all who want a good solid meal.
5	I've heard about this place from friends of mine for at least a year, but never had the desire and chance meet up in my schedule to give Two Hippies a shot. What the hell was I thinking??? I love this place!!! First off this place is as small and simple as it gets. Their location makes parking a car tough, but is only a short walk east from the Central and Indian School light rail stop. On to what matter's FOOD! In order to judge just how good they were I went for the simplest meal on their menu. Just a cheese burger, sack of fries, and can of soda/water. The burger was exactly how I like'em. Fresh ground beef, char grilled taste, fresh soft roll, six (not the usual 2 or 3) dill pickles, crisp lettuce, and thousand island dressing (you can get tomato, but I passed). The fries came in a small paper bag (sack), and were lightly salted and seasoned. Their drink choices are Shasta soda or bottled water. If you go the soda route give the fruit punch a go it was fruit-tastic! I came hungry and left satisfied all for $5 EVEN! How can you beat a delicious charbroiled burger, seasoned fries and a drink for only $5? You can spend more based on the type of burger or less if you get their sliders ($3). They also have countless different sauces along with Ketchup and mustard to top off your meaty treat. I went at 1:30pm on a Friday, but figure they get pretty busy around the noon time lunch rush. On my next visit I plan to try one of their big magic brownies. If your on the go and want to chow down on an above average burger and want to spend under $10 this is your place.
4	I stopped by because I wanted something quick and delicious.  I also wanted something affordable.  I saw a sign for burger, fries, and drink for 5 bucks and I was sold.  The building is tiny and kitchy, but overall kind of hip for a swift bite or to amuse yourself while you wait for your food.The food was both authentic and delectable.  The burger tasted like someone had actually made it at the restaurant.  It was more on the well side which is just how I like it.  The fries were seasoned and just a notch under crispy.  In a word, perfect.  Only a honey mustard or ranch dip could have bettered them.  I also snagged a lemonade as my drink, which was decent at best.  It tasted very thin and not so sweet .  Then again, it wasn't like the diabetes in a glass lemonades that I have had before at other places.  Great alternative to the fast food burger.
4	Huge fan of Two Hippies, this is my first love though.  I've eaten at this place as much as I can get there.  Only get the burgers & fries; tried the onion rings (sorry, not a huge fan).  Only thing about the fries; is they are cooked perfect; just not a big fan of seasoning on fries.  I like to season my fries (except salt); but the shoestring style of fries are some of the best in the valley.
4	Made my first stop at Two Hippies Magic Mushroom Burgers today and the joint (har) definitely lived up to the hype. I Hoovered a delicious chili cheeseburger with perfectly seasoned sweet potato fries (hand-cut, I'm pretty sure) and paired it with a Grape Shasta. The $8 tab is a little more than I generally like to spend but the meal was so dang good I could care less what it cost. Plus, KSLX provided a fitting Beatles soundtrack--all post-1965, so controlled substances were well represented. Those Two Hippies make a mean burger. Stop in and see 'em.
1	ummmm went in search for a hot dog today and stumbled apon two hippies....food did not come out right and they dont accept anything but cash although the do have a convient little atm machine that charges like 4 bucks to use....**** this place!!!!!!
4	In my ranking of burger joints, I am not sure exactly where Two Hippies would fall - it was fairly comparable to most other options. I would give it the edge on number of varieties and the fries come close in quantity to matching Five Guys. Although not flavored, I did prefer Two Hippies fries. I ordered the French Ass Burger. Having just returned from France I figured, why not? It had garlic and an aioli sauce that made for a descent flavor. Maybe I shouldn't have gone with that for my first experience, but it was good. The soda selection involves various varieties of Shasta - which I haven't seen since around 1978. On the downside, it is cash only. Fortunately this was a rare occasion when I carried cash. Also seating is limited. There are about 6 seats at around the inside of the restaurant, and while there is a back patio and a front patio, I wouldn't really want to eat outside in the summer. The price was good - the huge French Ass Burger, a Shasta and bag of fries was $7, but then I added the Two Hippies Magic Brownie (how could I pass that) for another $2. The restaurant is not really close to me, so I won't be a frequent customer, but if I hind myself around that part of town and a hankerin' for a big ass burger, I would stop again.
1	I have heard different people say widely varying things about this place.  The owner was once renowned for being associated with Roxsand's at the Biltmore, which was AMAZING. But sadly, gone now.   Two hippies...errr....is not amazing.  It's...kind of sad actually.  I honestly got the feeling that a hoarder had a great idea to expand their empire of junk by  opening a restaurant.  And possibly cooking the food in an electric dishwasher in the back.I decided to try it, going against my initial impression.  I had heard some good things.  But, all of the hippie memorabilia collecting dust from floor to ceiling made me wonder if the health inspectors had checked this place out recently. Strike one.The service was lackluster, and almost condescending for someone who works in a burger joint.  One of those situations where the cynical employee (or owner?), unhappy for whatever reason, sneers with his service.  Really?  Completely unwelcoming and I wish I would have smiled and walked out at that point. Strike two.  Not feeling the magic, guys.I ordered a 'magic mushroom' burger.  It was truly inedible.  I don't consider grease a food group.  I choked down two bites and the rest went into the trash.For a town filled with great restaurants where a truly good burger might cost you twice the price, treat your yourself elsewhere folks. DELUX, Zinburger, FEZ, go somewhere with some friendly service, where it is clean and uncluttered, and you can enjoy the flavor of your meal, and not the congealed fat from God-knows-what suffocating your burger.
3	One of my favorite burger places in Phoenix. Just greasy enough and the atmosphere is very . . . atmospheric. I have a feeling Two Hippies is on their way to being a national chain of weirded-out headshop looking places that sell great burger combos for five bucks out the door.
4	Finally, I catch this place while it's still open! Admit it, fellow Yelpers, you, too have arrived here too late at some point.It was definitely worth going out of my way. The place was even tinier than it looked from the outside. I had my choice between cramped seating in a tiny room, and the patio with a sun that is way too hot for November.At the risk of encountering the usual CenPho crackheads wandering the area (and I did, mind you), I waited outside for my glorious kickass burger. Hatch chilies, chiptole may, jalapenos, guacamole, and bacon. Tasty! I thought hatch chilies were supposed to be hot, but they were a welcome addition regardless of heat. The bacon is questionable. I don't know if crushing the bacon into what is almost a paste is preferable to just frying the strips. Also, the bun was pretty damned soggy. Not upset about it, as most buns can't hold the amount of awesomeness in this sandwich. Maybe...toast them? Get something better? Maybe I'm being picky.Some people complain about it being cash only, but you don't walk into a psychedelic-themed establishment without carrying some form of green. n00bs. Regardless of minor flaws, I am amazed by the price. $5-$7 for a burger combo of higher quality than any fast food place? Let's replace every McDonald's with one of these.
4	For one dollar more, you can experience a whole other world of burger.Here are some of my tips for the 6 dollar burger meal (you still get a boatload of fries and a drink): Sonoma style which comes with a creamy pesto sauce and pepperjack cheese.  Melty with hints of garlic and a oh so moist burger.  The burger with guacamole and swiss comes a close second.The one thing to remember is cash.  I would come here more often if I had dollar bills in my wallet.
4	I like simple places.  The downfall of many restaurants (IMHO) is attempting to do too much.  Rather than stick to what they can excel at, many owners try to extend themselves into arenas where they should not go.  This strategy is usually driven by incremental revenue or to appeal to new demographics.  What usually results is a culinary travesty that leaves everyone unsatisfied and ultimately another statistic in the world of failed businesses.  THMMB is not that sort of place, and I suspect, that it is the sort of joint that has real staying power.  The reason:  THMMB does one thing - burgers, and it does it with aplomb.  I get one thing when I come here - the green chili cheese burger combo for $5.Good burger, good price point.  Nuff said.
5	If you want THE BEST BURGER in town, look no further.  A very cool burger joint...
4	Once in awhile you find a small, hole-in-the-wall, cash only, eatery that kicks all forms of ass....and this is a burger joint that does just that!Very creative menu and, most importantly, very tasty burgers and fries.  I'm going to go ahead and rank this up there with my favorite burger establishments after only 1 visit.  I had the "Fat Ass Burger", and my girl had the "Kick Ass Burger".  The patties may have been a bit overcooked, but the burgers were still absolutely delicious.It's a small place with a few eating spots inside, as well as seating in the front and the rear.  There is also a hidden bathroom you have to ask for that requires you to walk through the kitchen to get there.  Parking is very limited, so I parked in a big lot across the street and walked over.
4	Pretty cool little place to grab some grub.  Hubbyman ordered the magic mushroom burger and gobbled it down - I had the Greek Chicken which was super good but CRAZY salty!!  Like pucker your tongue up salty.  The frozen passion fruit lemonade was delicious - I'll crave that one.  And the fries were outstanding!
1	Killer burger but I want to k1ll the owner! I tell the owner (joking) " It's my 1st time here, what's the one burger?"  He pushes the menu at me and says "the menu" then looks past me and yells " anyone here know what they want!?!? "The burger Nazi owns two hippies burger... He was cool after that but wow! Everything else about the experience was pure gold though! Still left a salty taste tho... ONE STAR FOR YOU! - the review nazi
2	Burger was great, but the service wasn't so great. When thumbing through my wallet for cash, the owner rudely interrupted me and told me they don't accept cards, only cash payment. When my friend asked what he would recommend, he shoved a menu in his face and said "I'd recommend looking at a menu". I fought back the urge to just leave and go somewhere else and ordered  the Good Ass burger, which was avocado and bacon, so you can't really go wrong with that. The fries were good and the burger was pretty good. Service: 1 starFood: 4 starsAverage: 2 starshttp://dietstartstomorrow.com/post/2983024079/two-hippies-magic-mushroom-burgers-phoenix
5	Read a couple reviews where the best the guys could do is pick on the owner because they could read the menu and left the house without $5 dollars. Owner has to stand on his feet in front of a hot grill everyday so you should try that and selling something for several dollars and see how you are.Have cash, know what you want and be happy because its a great little place.Burgers and hot dogs are awesome. Brown bag special cant be beat.
5	This is the best burger shop in the central Phoenix area. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, and an equal quality burger is unknown anywhere near this place. It's pretty small, and easy to miss if you've never been there, but the ambiance of the laid back atmosphere add to the intoxicating effects of this perfect, inexpensive burger. Kudos to management for the proper business plan for a successful burger joint.
3	Ok a short and sweet review. A place to get stuffed for cheap. This place has slices for $2.50 for a piece of pizza that is actually half a pie. The pizza isn't the greatest but not the worse I ever have had. Small place, fun, cheap. great service, enjoy. Good place if you are poor-lol!
3	Want unbelievable burgers? Come here. Want excellent service? Run away as far as you can! It's so bad, I think they think its funny and quaint... like a trademark on assholeness. Who knows. Bring cash to the burger nazi, or you won't be able to order for 1 year!
2	Just got back from this place about an hour ago and was so peeved that i couldn't wait to write this review. I decided to wait until I ate the food, which I examined closely before doing so. First, you have to park in their little parking lot down a little alley through a little gate. You can't pass anyone on your way in or out. So we got in there and looked at the menu and went up to order. The man working there scowled at me and asked if I knew what I wanted. I had my daughter with me so we got the kid's slider and magic mushroom burger combos. it was $10.50 - a good price for sure. But the guy was rude and acted like it was such an inconvenience to be serving us. There was one group of four in front of us. We went outside on the front porch to wait, and the group came out about 2 minutes later with their food. Then we waited, and waited, and waited. We walked in a few times to see if we saw any signs of food coming, but we didn't. One customer came in and picked up an order. We've now been there for 30 minutes, so I go in determined to find out what is taking so long. There's a sign up in the window that says "Closed. Be Back Soon." REALLY??? So, I stand there and wait to see one of these two guys and the curly-haired guy finally comes our way and I asked, "umm, is our food almost ready?" He gives me a nasty glare and says yeah, he's making it now. I was shocked at how rude he was and let him know that i didn't appreciate his attitude. he said "you're the one with the attitude." I had to fight the urge to walk out or demand my money back, but we'd been there for 40 minutes already and it was confirmed that they were actually making our food. Finally, after 45 minutes, he hands me the bag with the same rudeness and look of detest on his face. I am appalled at the service. I don't know if he's the owner or the other old guy is, but i will NEVER go here again and i will never recommend them to anyone. The food was cheap and quite good, so I gave them a star for that. But guys like that should not be in this business if they have no concept of customer service. I hope people think twice before going here, based on the service alone.
5	Just received delivery from Two Hippies.  You can not get a better bang for your buck - and this bang is absolutely delicious.  Phone service was extremely friendly, order arrived within 30 minutes.  They advised on the phone that they only take cash or business checks.  Extremely happy with the service and super delicious food.
4	The magic mushroom burger is my favorite at this place, for $4.50. It uses angus beef which gives it a natural taste, and comes with lettuce, tomato and thousand island type dressing. The burger was not dripping wet and it was not hard to eat. It is the correct size for it's price. Order turnover time is quick, usually no more than 5 minutes. Just yummy and it didn't give to much of a greasy feeling.It's a little tough some times to find and get to this spot. You only get one drive-in alley to make it to the building where the places is located at. Parking is in the back.
1	The food was not particularly good on our last visit there and the service was rude and not helpful at all.  I even emailed them afterwards to give feedback, in hopes that they would redeem themselves by showing some good service that way.  No luck.  Didn't even get a response.They will not be getting any more of my business.  Too bad because I'd actually had a decent mushroom burger there before and would have been a regular customer.  But the service last time was so bad that I won't go back.
4	The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the bizarre hours and that despite the fact that I live 2 blocks away, I can never be there before they close.BUT somehow the planets were aligned yesterday (Sunday) and they were Open and I got there minutes before the owner closed up shop. Good food. Cheap. So naturally, it's unhealthy :)
3	Tasty burger at a good price.  Definitely a good alternative to a chain spot, just bring cash.  The burgers are fresh and come on nice brioche buns and the green chili burger had a great hot taste from the freshly grilled chili's, I would suggest getting pepper jack on yours.  A touch of chipotle doesn't hurt either. Cash only!
4	They have one of the best burgers in town for the right price. The bacon is bacon bits instead of real strips. Anytime I can make it there before it's closing time I do, all too often I show up and they left early to cater something or because they felt like closing. For the bacon and the early closing time I gave 4 stars instead of 5.
3	For those who don't eat hamburgers or hot dogs, there are decent chicken and vegetarian options (including portabellas); as far as I can tell, the menu online doesn't show page 2 of the menu, which has these options. (I don't know if they cook those on the same grill as the hamburgers - I sure hope not.)  Sonora chicken sandwich is particularly good; buns are quality and hold together well. Other notes:-The "burger meal" rules don't apply to the chicken sandwiches.  "Burger meals" include fries and drink for $5.50, $6.50, or $7.50, with an extra $2 to switch to sweet potato fries - very good deals.  Chicken sandwiches are $5.50, with fries and drinks a la carte.  Adding sweet potato fries is the full $4, not the $2 deal for the burger meals.  (The employee who helped me at first told me the meal deal applied to chicken; I'm not sure what he meant, but he eventually made clear that it doesn't.)-Sweet potato fries are ok; I prefer the ones at Lenny's.-Cash only.  If you need cash, don't use their ATM, which charges $2. Go next door to the Texaco, buy something (like Tic Tacs for less than $2) and get cash back. (Thanks for the customers in back of me who gave me this tip - the employee only told me about the ATM.)-Lemonade is from concentrate. My personal preference is to avoid the overly sweetened concentrates and wait for the real stuff.-Food takes a while to cook, even if you're the only one there. Plan accordingly.
1	HORRIBLE! Awful service, burned food, dirty restaurant and cooks, ants on the tables, limited seating, the list could go on and on. The "Meal Deal" includes fries and a drink which is a can of Safeway brand soda. STAY AWAY! I will never go back to this place. If you want to overpay for food from a what looks like a dirty crack house, this is your place!
5	Why go anywhere else for a greasy burger and onion rings.  Be sure and ask Spyros, the owner: "Does the vegetarian burger have meat on it?"  He has a good sense of humor.  Great burgers, cool place, I just wish they had a liquor license and more seating to watch the crowds at the counter.  It's more entertaining than watching people at Disneyland or the bus station, I'm not sure which...  Delicious and owned by good people.
3	It's October 1st and they're still on "summer hours" according to a small sign on their front door, so when I came here last night (Friday) at 6:30pm they were already closed.  It smelled pretty good though, so I came back for lunch today.  I usually keep it pretty simple when I eat somewhere new, so I just ordered a regular cheeseburger with no tomato and fries.  The fries are a generous portion, but they're the floppy soggy kind. I suppose that's partially on me and I should have ordered them "crispy", but since he didn't even get the "no tomato" part right, I'm not confident that would have made a difference.But even with these difficulties, I still liked the burger and I'm a fan of these types of divey places--so I might give it a shot if I'm ever in this part of Phoenix again and they're actually open.
1	i'm going to make this short and not-so-sweet.  this experience warranted my first review, ever.  the man who was working the counter, whom i soon find out is the owner, was a rude smart-ass right off the bat.  when asked if all his burgers were beef, he smugly replied, "well, what else would they be?".  a pretty valid question when the name is, magic mushroom burgers, right?  and they do have other vegetarian options, which makes him that much more of a jackass for the reply.  when i unwrap my "burger", it is the biggest pile of unrecognizable slop i've ever seen.  i ate most of it because i was starving, then i threw up about 30min later, no joke.  DO NOT EAT HERE.  although the beef burgers might possibly taste better, the other ingredients are crap.  but mostly, this guy does not deserve your money.
2	See my other quick tips, I used to love this place. As of late, the service has declined and the quality of the fries is no longer what it was. Also, where did the chipoltle ketchup go! I hope management goes back to the way it was, 2 hippies was cheap, well made, and delicious. Now its just a few steps above fast food chains.
5	This place is not closed!!!! I ate there on Saturday..... The original owners took it back and just recently reopened it..... the food was fantastic.... the owner delightful... they do take credit cards.... the burgers and tater tots are to die for.... and the price is right....$6 for a burger, tots and drink... i will return in a heartbeat...
5	After reading on Yelp that they are indeed open I popped in there for lunch 2 weeks ago. Super, super friendly staff. I ordered the $5 burger, fries, and drink deal and couldn't finish all of the burger or the fries. Made  fresh to order and piled with toppings, the burger was fantastic. Loved the fries. The guy who took my order came to check on me during the meal to ensure I didn't need anything else. It was a little warm in there, is my only complaint. I sat right in front of the fan but next time I might just take it to go or come on a cooler day. But I will go back. And did I mention how friendly they were?
5	The $5 Bacon Burger, Fries & Soda sign on the sidewalk was what brought me in, I just started a new job down the street so I've been sampling the non-franchise hole-in-the wall joints in the area.  I will be back to Two Hippies, the kid behind the counter (Brandon) who to my surprise ended up being the owner of the place was super friendly, helpful with pointing out menu items and came around when I was about half way through my meal to check on me...today I went with their daily special (which changes depending on their butcher/meat selection) which was a prime rib pihilly cheese steak, fries and can soda for $6...this meal anywhere at any of the Camelback/Biltmore spots 3 miles east would have been an easy $12.  He mentioned Fish Taco Friday so I will plan on coming back to try those...also I learned Two Hippies and Long Wong's families are related and that is why he serves famous Long Wong's wings on his menu, another reason to come back.  Support your local non-franchise businesses folks! thx
5	Forgot the name of the burger but had fresh jalepenos, hatch chilies, sauteed onions, thousand island, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. Sooo good. Only five bucks with a drink and fries. I would have paid much more. Brandon, the guy working the counter, was very friendly. Even though it is counter service, he brought us our food and came and checked on us after we had eaten a few bites. I will be going here again.
5	We saw the sign out front that read "Under New Management."  I was a bit concerned because the last and only other time I was there, I got great food, service, & value.  As soon as I saw the same gentleman behind the counter (Brandon), I knew it was all good.  Brandon is incredibly friendly & accommodating.  He remembered me & my family from our only other visit a couple of months ago.  We had awesome, made-to-order burgers, fries, & drinks for $5 each!  We found the secret little patio out back and enjoyed our wonderful lunch. This is the kind of place that makes you want to forget about all the big burger chains & support the small local guys.  Good stuff!!
5	The story of two hippies and finally, a great idea.In a land filled with broken dreams and grumbling tummies, two hippies met while attending a Phish concert. Recognizing each other as hippies by their standard issue, Grateful Dead t-shirts, big daddy; as he preferred to be called, introduced himself to Little "T". In this moment, the clouds parted while angels played their harpsichords and trumpets from a Farmhouse. "Hey, you like burgers?" Little "T" asked big daddy. "Hhhehheehee, of course. You ever seen the northern lights?" asked big daddy.... fast forward seven years ...  Little "T" finally had a great idea. "Hey big daddy, wouldn't it be cool if there was a burger shop where all the hungry people could come and eat a burger, fries, and a drink for just a dollar?" "No way man, burgers are like heaven and people would pay like, $10 for an awesome burger, fries, and a drink." he replied.After years of debating and three failed marriages between the both of them, "T" and daddy settled on $5 as a great price for burger, fries and a drink. Today, you can find this $5 meal in Central Phoenix 365 days a year, except Sundays, holidays, between the hours of 8pm and 11am, or from 4:20 to 4:21 -- hippies gotta sleep; and, you know... ;-)Stop in for lunch one day (or dinner), order up their daily special, their house bacon cheese burger, or even a hot dog. While considering your options, browse the toppings list such as, fresh jalapenos, roasted hatch chili, caramelized onions, onion rings, house made habanero ketchup, and more. Side note to all you spicy food extraordinaires, the habanero ketchup is down-right fantastic. In fact, I think this ketchup steals the show. While greasy burger spots aren't on the normal "bucket list", if you love spicy food and in some weird way make a list of all the places you wish you could try before you die, you NEED to add this to the list. I almost wish I could buy a batch of this stuff to take home - OMG that was spicy!Oh, the burger and steak cut fries aint bad either ;-) I ordered the bacon cheese burger, sans the tomato, add jalapenos and a side of that delish house made habanero ketchup. It was a burger like none other I've had!Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	They take credit cards now! And no meal is more than $6. Best food ever!
4	This place is outstanding. We've stopped in 3 times prior to giving this joint a big thumbs up. It is small but the service is great, very friendly. The food is amazing and cheap! Burger, fries and drink for $5. I'm not a burger guy but am quickly becoming a fan. Everything we have tried so far is amazing and cooked with love to perfection. These Hippies rock. I leave with a smile every time.
5	This place is BOMB. For $5, I got the best burger I have ever had, some delicious and perfectly seasoned fries, and a drink. How do you beat that? And the guy behind the counter (Brandon) is really energetic and nice. You need anything, just let him know and he takes care of you. The first time my friend and I went in there, he asked if we had been before, we answered no, and he gave us the whole meal for $3 and thanked us for coming in. I was already sold and I hadn't even tasted the food.The place is also real quaint - total hole in the wall/dive with a really cool patio out in the back. There is literally no reason for anyone in the Phoenix area to have not tried this place and had it completely change their life.That's about it.
5	I love burgers. Now I am not saying this is the BEST burger ever, but I am saying it is 5 stars worth of goodness - on just the burger alone.  I got the double meat double cheese with everything on it, lettuce, caramelized onions, tomato, pickles, with a bit o' mayo.  Fries were on the side and a can of soda.  All this for 6 bucks.  No big deal.  Until the food came.  The food quality is wonderful.  It is amazing for the price.  They used to be under different management but are now run by the son of the original owners.  Well done Brandon, nice place, great food.  The hamburger bun....was what you wish for on a burger but did not know it.  Soft bread full of flavor and thick enough to stand toe to to with the beautifully laid out burger inside.  In the end it was a bit of a sloppy eat, the sauce went perfectly with the tomatoes on my burger.  I mean that.  I had fries left over I wish I could have finished...maybe next time.There will definitely be a next time.  You should swing by for a first time if you have yet to do so. These places are all run by different owners so similarly named joints are not the same, I had a bad experience  at another location.  This is not that location.  Come here because...., you will be happy with the food, happy with the price and back for more.  All I had was the burger and fries with an apple soda.  I left very happy.  (I have eaten a ton of burgers but I have not written many reviews about them, this alone says something.)
4	To me, a place like this makes me a true Yelp follower.  Had an inkling for a burger at lunch today.  Being new to the area, I was looking for an "in and out Burger".  Fortunately, I did not find one immediately near buy.  What I did find was that Yelp and Yelpers were telling me to I had to check out this place.  Yes, it was off my route by 1 1/2 miles.  But if a burger shop can get 4 1/2 stars it must be worth the effort.  I found about 10 parking spaces in the rear (no street parking as Indian School Rd is a busy one).  I entered the fully customized and highly decorated shop that can't be more than 20 feet across.  The outside front patio/porch had counter space for  8 - 10 people.  No tables - counters.  The interior had space for another 8 - 10 people, with only 1 or 2 tables to speak of, the other spots were also counters with stools.The menu is short, but to me that means they focus on what is important.  You come for a burger, you will get a burger, no distracting other extras. Though they do offer wings, which I will try one day.I was greeted by a guy who absolutely knows something about customer service.  He greeted me as soon as I came in, handed me a menu, asked if I had questions and offered to help.  He shared that they had a $5 special of bacon cheeseburger, fries and a canned drink.  I took him up on it.  He asked me what kind of cheese (at least 4 choices),   there or to go, and my name.  He had me take a seat and he brought my burger and fries to my counter spot outside.  He offered a few times a ranch dressing.  I declined until I figured out it must be something special.  he shared that they make their own buttermilk ranch dressing for the fries.  I took him up on his offer.  It was a fine addition to the fries (previously salted with seasoned salt).The burger was good, it is a simple 1/3 lb.  I did not notice a grilled taste, but he lettuce and tomato were fresh.  The grilled onions were a plus.  I had a great burger and fries 1 star.I had great customer service 1 starI had a great value meal 1 starI had a great visit to a quaint interesting business 1 star.My only reservations are these:  The hours are only 10 AM - 4:20 PM  (what am I going to do for dinner or late evening snacks)Tight eating quarters - I was there at 11:20 and it was already filling up, what would I do on a Friday at 12:15Small parking lot shared by other stores.  Next time I try the mushroom burger and the time after that I will try the Fat burger (two patties)
5	An AZ original 2Hippies! The best people, the best price, the best Burgers!
5	I love this spot, the food is good & the service is the best. You can tell that the owner cares about the quality of the food and service he gives to the clients.
4	Good burger great price, they make the fries right. Very friendly.
5	One of my favorite lunch places. It's within walking distance from my office and has great burgers for a good price. I usually get the bacon cheeseburger combo. For 5 bucks (including tax) you get a generously sized burger, fries and a can of soda. They even have mushroom burgers for my vegetarian lunch friends. The owner is very friendly and definitely makes you feel welcome. The only downside is the inside dining area is a little small (they also don't have alcohol so I guess there are two downsides). It seems to be hit or miss on the line- some days you might wait 10 minutes for the food but typically, it's out very quick. Love this place and it's especially good when you're low on cash and want a big meal. Highly recommend.
5	My friend and I were hungry as hell, and after driving by Two Hippies on multiple occasions, but only ever entertaining the prospect of stopping by for a bite, we finally decided to give the place a shot: good f***ing call!Immediately upon entering the restaurant, Brandon--the young man behind the counter--greets us with a smile, some helpful suggestions, and a candid candor which is all too often absent in the service industry. With a smile, he says, "We run two damn specials, every damn day!" and he went on to say that a bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink would only set me back $5....WHAT??! Furthermore, upgrading to double meat, double bacon, double cheese would only cost $1 more.(SOLD!) I give Brandon six bucks, and about six minutes later, he brings out my fries and a burger which I can only describe as MONSTROUS... and I chose the VEGETARIAN option! When I say monstrous, I mean this thing was literally so goddamn big that Brandon had to loan me a butcher's knife to cut through the bastard!! I'm 6'5", and I can palm a basketball, and this burger was TWICE the size of my hand: and it only cost six bucks!!!Needless to say, the burger was f***ing excellent! Roasted Hatch chilis and guacamole was overflowing from this masterpiece, and the breaded--that's right, F***ING breaded--portabello patties were nothing short of amazing.I'm not a religious guy, but if Brandon sold these burgers in a church, I'd be singing Hallelujah every goddamn day!Bottom line: the food is superb, the customer service is spectacular, and the price is AMAZING.  If you haven't given this place a try, I STRONGLY suggest that you do.
5	I have eaten here several times and have enjoyed every meal. The young guy at the counter knows the whole menu and will accommodate almost any request. After a couple of visits I found out this business uses fresh local beef and a local bakery produces the buns. This restaurant makes great food and supports other local businesses, a win win for us all and is very affordable.
5	This place rocks! Great food, we had the bacon cheese burger w fries n drinks, all for $5 with a coupon from AZ Paralyzed Veterans of America. Awesome service, too!!
4	Inspired food for a steal... don't be scared, just walk right in and order the carne asada tacos!
5	The kick ass burger is amazing and so is the price
5	Read the reviews and decided to check this place out since it's just up the street from my work. I can honestly say it was one of the best burgers i have ever had. Got  the Fatt Ass special burger w/ fry's and a drink for only $6!! The soda's are in a can and are Shasta brand which i think is great, kinda felt like a teenager again since that is all my parents would buy since we went through it so fast!! I highly recommend giving this place a try!!!
5	Love this place for a GREAT burger at an UNBEATABLE price!!Gotta love the $5 flat burger, fries and a drink!1/3 lb patty with pretty much anything you want on it (add $1 for a double) a MOUND of fries and a can of soda. These guys are always busy and it's no wonder why. The owner, Brandon, is a perfect fit for this little hippie shack, always friendly and NEVER in a bad mood... People like me love the idea of a $5.00 flat bill with no "apparent" tax. Makes us think that we're getting away with something =)Kudos!!
4	I was a bit bummed because they didn't have the actual mushroom burger there but aside from that place was great. Keep in mind the actual physical location is small so use that knowledge how over you'd like. Just so you all know I love this place.
4	No this is not a gourmet burger shop.....it's just a down and dirty, greasy, meat and bun burger, clog your arteries type of burger.......but it is good and cheap!
5	I love this place!! Danny is awesome and the whole concept is totally mind blowing!! From the LP's on the cowling, to the wild funky hippie music, which makes you want to smoke pot,  is totally rad man!!  Lol!  Seriously, the Magic Mushroom  Burger with Sunshine Sauce is amazing! Ya gotta try this place!!!
5	Great fish tacos, great service and great prices.Edit:  Upgrading to 5 stars.  Brandon is back running the joint--quality is up and prices are down!  BTW, I don't know where prices are coming from in reviews, but today the regular prices of the Fat Ass combo is $6 and the hotdog combo is $4.  You can't a better deal on lunch in central Phoenix.  And the food is good!
5	I just finished one of the best burgers I have had in a long while. Very juicy beef burger with the works including sauteed onions and crisp meaty beacon. Special treat included sweet potato tater tots which were "heavenly". Excellent customer service. Highly recommended ....Five Star Rating !!!!!
5	I've been told about this place several times for the last 5 years, and work fairly close to it. Never did I bother to stop by because of it's location. It's a bit congested with the traffic nearby, but today I had made my move. My uncle raved about it last week and told me to try it out. Especially, since I've been looking for something similar to those late night burger runs you can do out in Los Angeles, since they're open fairly late (Tommy's) due to all the hungry people who are looking for some grub after the nightclub, bar hopping, or the studious students, such as myself. Lol.  Anyway, I walked in and looked at the menu. I ordered a Magic Mushroom Burger combo (without the psychedelic affects it may give you lol). I love mushrooms, by the way. The burger had red onions, pickles, lettuce, swiss cheese, their special magic sauce, and mushrooms (of course), and came with fries and a can of soda. All for $6.50. I say that's pretty reasonable. Ok, so back to the meal, it was bomb. The patty was perfectly grilled, the cheese was melted just right, and weren't stingy on their mushrooms. So good! No wonder people had always recommended this place to me. Hmm...I have no idea why I hadn't tried it out sooner. Definitely will be going back.
5	I loved it!! My first time there and the staff is great very friendly...got the wings 8 with soda and great fries!!! The street tacos are$1 and yummy as well wilk be going back!!
2	The best I can say about Two Hippies is that it's cheap, and the founders are good marketers. Unfortunately, the dining room is small and uninviting, and the food is just okay. I won't be returning.
5	I have really been impressed with the service at this place. I've only dropped in three times, but each time it was a really friendly experience. I felt very wanted to be there. I don't get that at other restaurants really. The food is also incredible, especially anything they have with fish. The California burrito was exactly what I needed for a hangover. I'll be coming here a lot more. The only downside is I won't be able to go to Athens next door as much, because their gyros are freaking awesome too.
4	This place is a winner!   Cheap, tasty, and Brandon is awesome!At some point last year a friend and I stopped in and we weren't super impressed.  I've heard (from another friend) that since then the original owner bought the place back, the prices went down, and the quality went back up to what it originally was.So a lunch buddy and I stopped in the other day. WOW!  Big difference from before.  For $5 I got a bacon cheeseburger, side of fries, and a can of Pepsi.  The guy behind the counter was friendly, knowledgeable, and super smiley.   He even brought the food out to us because we were on the back patio.I'll totally hit this place up again! :)
5	Glad I found this place. It's one of those hole-in-the-wall little shacks that is easy to overlook, but it has a lot to offer! Friendly atmosphere, cheap prices, and great burgers..... This won't be my last time I stop by.
5	I downloaded Yelp because of this place. It is my FAVORITE place in the world to have a burger. The best staff and most relaxed, fun place to eat. I adore my hippie burgers!!!
5	Best Burgers, FISH TACOs to die for...Service is EXCELLENT..these people actually care about good food and good service..EVERYONE go try this place!
5	This place probably has the best lunch deal in Phoenix. $5 for an awesome burger, fries, and a drink. I'll definitely return here.
4	My mother had a procedure at the nearby hospital and we wanted burgers.  I searched Yelp and this place came and a couple others.  We decided to go here.  It did not disappoint.  We all ordered the Kick-Ass burger.  After tasting how fresh and good the burger and fries were my sister and I wished we would have split a burger and tried the fish tacos also.  Apparently they are even better than the burger which is a hard act to follow.  I think I remember that the fish tacos are only on Wed and Fri's so I'll have to make a special trip down and try those too.  Burger(fat), fries, side of fresh jalapenos and a can of soda for $6 out the door is fantastic.
4	This place is awesome. There isn't much room to sit inside but you'll wish you had more time waiting for your order while looking at the decor, which is a hodgepodge of 60's & 70's era records and photos.I grabbed the Hot Ass Burger, which was very good. The fries are crispy and yummy as well. Select your canned soda from a fridge.The staff was enthusiastic, respectful and friendly even though I came in dressed as some kind of "establishment" guy.You'll see some weird (cool) characters dining here, and if you are a child of the sixties, knew some hippies or can say hippy, I recommend you check this place out at least once. I want to come back to fully appreciate all the cool stuff on the walls and there are enough varied burger, dog and wing options to visit several times to fully explore the menu further.
5	Awesome little restaurant! I had the fish taco combo (2 tacos, fries, and a drink). The portions were large especially for the price. I would highly recommend giving them a try! They were amazing. The cashier/waiter was crazy helpful and friendly as well. I will definitely come back to this place
2	A week after changing ownership they had already changed to factory pressed patties and other poor ingredients. Any fast food place probably has  better food at this point.
4	Great burger for the value. Good fries, tasted a little fishy from same fry oil they cook the fish In. Bacon was awesome , good bun. Will eat there again for sure !!!
1	My wife and I used to frequent this joint regularly when the founders owned and managed the place. We enjoyed their company and no matter how busy, they would always come and chat and maybe sit and have a soda while we ate if time permitted. However, once they sold the business, it took an immediate and irreversible nose dive not only in food quality but most certainly in customer service. I took a group of my co-workers there as I was always talking it up but the owner was such a raging a-hole to every last one of us I was so angry and embarassed that I have never returned. I started in the service industry as a dishwasher, then as a waiter, and ultimately as a full service catering event manager. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that customer service is EVERYTHING in the food industry and this guy doesn't have it. Do yourself (and the valley) a favor and avoid this place no matter how tantilizing a $5 sack lunch sounds. There are far too many fantastic restaurants in this area to allow his ineptitude to perpetuate. Let him reap what he sows!
1	This is the second time I have driven all the way from Glendale and they have not been open during the hours posted which pisses me the fuck off. I went there last Saturday and got there at 305 and they said they closed at 3!' Even though it says 4. And today if went there to try and get tacos for a party and there is a lock on the door!! It's total bullshit all I want is their delicious tacos but if they can't get there act together about when they are and are not open I'll take my business and taco craving stomach else where.
5	I had heard about this place multiple times and I finally got a chance to check it out. I totally understood what everyone was raving about! This is such a great spot. I had a burger and it was excellent. Plus, you cannot beat the prices! It is a total steal. It does get busy, so I would definitely hit it right before or after the lunch rush. There is also not much space to eat inside, only a few tables, so be prepared to take it to go.
5	Awesome place to get a delicious meal on the cheap, especially if you have your student ID! Unfortunately they are on lyrics open for the lunch crowd but if you can make it in the burger an fries are awesome!
5	Delicious!  This place is my new guilty pleasure.  $5 for a burger, drink and fries = a great deal.  The staff bends over backwards to make sure you are happy and they were completely welcoming to my dog who dined with us at the picnic tables out back.  Excited that they are completely redoing this entire strip mall with their own concepts...can't wait to check it out!
1	We were excited to eat here, it is difficult to find. They were closed at 3 p.m. on a Saturday.
5	Best priced and taste in town!  Nice service!The fish tacos are huge!  The magic mushroom burger is the best burger in town!
5	Everything that has been said in the glowing reviews below is true. The burgers are top notch: in my estimation they are absolutely comparable to any of the burgers at ZInburger or D-Lux.  Beyond the burgers, the fries are phenomenal in that they are always fresh, crispy on the outside, and steaming hot. All this and a drink for $5. Simply can't be beat.
5	Amazing food and cheap lunch deals! The Burgers and Tacos are amazing and delicious. And you can't beat $5 anywhere.
1	I have tried to eat here twice and both times they have been closed during times they are supposed to be open. No sign or explanation or anything. I think I'll take my business elsewhere.
5	We were visiting my dad at the hospital acoss the streer and hunger set in for us. There were 5 of us. This restarant is unassuming, and locally owned. The food tasted great and the service was above and beyond!  For a Phoenix restaurant the pricing was CHEAP- Don't worry though the quality of everything was top notch.I live in Tucson, but I know now that when I go up I will need to coordinate my route to visit this place again.Keep it going guys... You have a good model for success!
5	Every item is $5 or $6 complete with excellent BURGER, soda, fries.. Simply excellent!! A+++ customer service too!
5	The Best people! The Best food! The best lunch spot! A little warm, very filling, but the great thing is that the food is such great quality that it doesn't leave you full and bloated an hour later. I hope for more places like this everywhere can revitalize downtown!
5	Got the portabello burger with a side salad and it was so so good. Everything on the menu sounds great. The employees were super nice. Can't wait to come back!
5	For less than what it costs to eat at McDonalds, you can have the best lunch in town.
5	Just had pizza at their new restaurant next door and it was AWESOME!! 6$ for two big slices of heaven.... The Chef is authentic and experienced.The original owners are back and in full force. Customer service is great again and food is fresh.  Will definitely bring some friends in later this week!
5	I walked in one day by accident. Best accident ever. I was looking at the deli next door, but it wasn't opened yet.The burger was fantastic, and they let you substitute fries for wings. Only 3 wings, but still they were some of the best wings ever. Large wings, crunchy on the outside, and the honey/hot sauce is more on the hot with a hint of honey which is just the way I like it.I'm sweet enough without super sticky sweet honey sauce with a hint of spice.My new favorite lunch in town is a burger and half a dozen wings on the side from Two Hippies Magic Mushroom Burgers.The owners are really nice also and it's a pleasure to speak with them whenever I'm there. They always come out to say hello and socialize.
5	Amazing food, Impeccable Service, Incredible Prices!! This place is AWSOME the food is delicious. I have never had poor service or bad food. They have a wide variety of foods and have recently opened a section that sells pizza and gyros. For $5 you can have a very large gyro, a side and a drink!  They also have five dollar burger meals and more. My children love this place and have made a wide variety of choices from their menu. They love them all. If you are ever down by the VA, stop in and enjoy a meal. You won't regret it.
5	Everything is amazing. I've been twice now and have been totally pleased both times.  A solid selection of burgers and fries, unlike the two hippies other location,  which is a burrito heaven. I'll definitely be a regular.  You should be, as well.
5	The food is amazing and the people are very nice I work at sundevil auto down the road I will come here all the time !!!! Absolutely amazing
5	Great service and great food . Loved their homemade mac salad. Had the fat ass burger and it was worth it!
5	Amazing food and amazing service to match! I got a burger here and the kids ordered street tacos, we had no idea how big they were so they got two, one would have been more than enough! My burger was loaded with flavor and toppings. The prices are more than fair a quality burger, fries, and a can of soda for five bucks, can't be beat. The staff was so friendly and remembered my name. We took the kids with us so we were probably more demanding than the usual customer and the staff did not hesitate to help us with our every need. I will be going back here again and again.
