2	Totally underwhelming Mexican food.  Even Macayo's and Chipotle burritos have cost less with bigger portions, and tasted better.  I ordered a simple rice, bean and guacamole ($6.95) burrito for lunch.  I mean, how hard can that be to MESS up?  But they piled some warm slimy goop (frijoles, I imagine) in a tortilla and called it done.  I have heard this location has been several other ill-fated restaurants before.  Let's hope this one can stay a while.  Lunch service was slower than expected - only 2 servers but with 10 parties.Their signature dish was the poco pollo - basically a chicken chimi with heart clogging jalapeno cream cheese - a standard dish at most Mexican eateries.  Might be worth it - who knows? The inside decor is nice a warm modern Mexican look, but with booths and cheap tables/chairs throughout.  They also serve tequila and margaritas yet have NO BAR.  WTF?
1	I'm gonna agree with Stevey P. You can find better mexican food elsewhere.  Is it terrible? No, but it isn't something to write home about. The service was adequate, but they did get one of my party's order incorrect.  He did get his plate replaced rather quickly, but it was a simple red/green burrito mix-up.The hostess/waitress's breath was KICKIN!  IT was a serious problem!  They have a giant bowl of mints by the door, I really wish she had taken full advantage of that.  And while her service was attentive, she brought drinks out like no body's business, we really didn't want her coming to our table.  It was really bad.  I would probably not come here again.
5	I used to work across the street but moved to a different neighborhood.  I still go there on Sunday nights for the excellent service and great food.  The margarita's aren't bad either!  They have the best salsa and chips made fresh.  I've tried many menu items and have never had a bad meal.
4	Best mex in phoenix and the lines prove it! Great salsa and hot sauce. Fresh chips and great food great service. I have been going there with my wife for years. Tried others and it was always disapointing compared with don rubins!
3	I almost wore out my mouse the other day flagging all the obviously self-posted or solicited 5-Star reviews for this place, so today when I was feeling ornery, I whipped up there to try this place & then come home & really tear it a new one!!   :-OWell, a funny thing happened on the way to my all-caps 1-Star rant.  The food turned out to be real good, & messed up my whole plan!  Here's the rundown:I love a good Chile Relleno, but I'm really picky about them, so of course I ordered one... & got ready to hate it before they even put it in the oven!  This was to be within a "#3 Combination", which also included a shredded beef taco, beans & rice, plus a basket of chips with two little bowls of salsa on the side.To make a long story short, everything on my sizzling hot plate was delicious, & so were the chips & both salsas.  Ok, so here's my non-shill assessment of Don Ruben's:The food?  Great!  * * * * *The atmosphere & (booth) seating?  Comfortable.  * * *Staff friendliness, quality & speed of service?  All good.  * * *Zillions of 5-Star reviews that appear to have been self-posted or solicited!  *Bottom line?  3 Stars.Hey Mr./Ms. Owner:  Why don't you stop being so paranoid & screwing up Yelp with all these BS reviews?  Your restaurant is capable of pulling REAL ratings that you could be proud of.PS:  Great Chile Relleno!    :-))
5	They have the best chips and salsa to start.  The chips are light, thin, crispy, delicious and warm.  I love their Poco Pollo (Pollo Fundido).  Absolutely the best flavor.  Yum!  I highly recommend it....
4	I dont know why so many not so great reviews... :( I live in surprise and whenever were near and hungry we try and stop in and have some good cooking. There food is good, the prices are good, service has always been excellent. No its not omg amazing and i cant live without but its good.
5	We had dined at Don Ruben's on several occasions, impressed with the quality of food we decided to use them to cater our business event.  We were impressed with the dedication to customer service the staff provided to us. The food is amazing! everyone at the event was thrilled with the food and have inquired about  utilizing them as well. Don Ruben's is a family owned business and an an asset to the community. Thank you to the owners and staff for helping make our event a success!!
5	the best mex ever!  my wfe andi have been coming hrer for several years, nev er been disappointed
5	First Off...Salsa is some of the best I've tried...growing up in  So. Cal.and now in Az...that's a statement!My friend and I ordered both Mexican pizzas....We enjoyed both equally, and could not choose a favorite! Service is very good, and the owner dropped by for a quick chat and greeting.Prices were very reasonable and the portions were large.
4	Me and my family are frequant visitors of Don Ruben's.  We love their food especially their chips and salsa.  About $10.00 for a combo plate...usually the service is right on.  I do like Garcia's and Macayo's but would pick Don Ruben's 9 out of 10 times...Love their fish tacos....
2	I live right down the street from this place and have been there more times than I can count. At one point we were going about once a week. The food is just okay, but the margaritas and guacamole are very good. That's the main reason to go.I've had two BIG problems with this place. First, they take reservations but don't honor them when you show up. We had a reservation, but when we showed up (on time), they simply put our name at  the bottom of the waiting list. And then told me that's how they do things. We left and didn't return for about 8 months.Second problem came when I took my mom there for lunch. I ordered the taco plate, bit in and broke a tooth on the taco shell, which was NOT fresh. It was hard as a rock and yet gummy, like a stale shell had been steamed. First time I'd had a problem with freshness here, but it was an expensive problem. Anyway that was 4 months ago and I won't go back.
5	We love this place. The food is very good. We love the green chili and rellenos. Great cheese crisp too.
5	Don Ruben's is a combination of excellent food, friendly atmosphere and savvy business sense - 3 things needed to stay alive in the restaurant business.  Am I one of their "plants"?  No....I'm one of their most important commodities - a regular customer.  Steve welcomes us every Friday night for our TGIF dinner and drinks.  The food is always delicious and made-to-order, the staff is fun and efficient, and the atmosphere is 'Welcome Home'.... Try it again with a good attitude and a keen idea for business, other reviewers, and retractions you will print.....
1	I have read all the reviews below, and still want to give it a try. Only becasue my son, bless his heart is taking me for a birthday lunch.... i do plan to write more once i get back.... so here it goes.
5	Hands down one of my favorite places to eat. The Maragrita's are killer and food amazing.
1	We used to really like this place and have taken at least two dozen people here, some of which are regular diners now. That was then..My husband tried to use a coupon from Dine4az.com and the owner refused to take it, saying it was a fake coupon. First of all, Dine4az.com is a site that restaurants sign up to promote their restaurants. Not just anyone can create a fake coupon and post on that site. The owner completely embarrassed my husband in front of a very large group of friends tonight and made my husband pay for the cheese crisp on the coupon. We will never be back!
1	The food is okay but the service is horrible. They won't even accept their own coupons and claim that companies put out fake coupons. This was from the owner himself. Lying to my face. Dine4AZ isn't a fake coupon site. But that's what he said when he decided he didn't want to take the coupon. Seriously?? And the coupon? For a free cheese crisp with purchase of an entree. Oh yea - and we had a party of 30 PEOPLE. Won't ever go back being treated like that.
4	To dispell any myths, I am a REAL Yelper. I am not bought and paid for (Everyone has a price, and they can't afford me. No free margarita or cheese crisp will pay that fare.) I have not been solicited, or asked, or suggested to write my review. The food REALLY is that good. And worthy of every 4 Star rating it has received (which BTW I never read, until I saw that someone spent many hours reporting all of those imposters). My GF had been there many times, and she suggested we go. I got there, and THEN read the 1.5 star rating. WTF? I make it a point to never go anywhere with less than a 3 Star rating. I suggested we leave. She said, "let's stay. Last time I was here, it was good. Besides, Bo, could it be any worse than Macayo's on Cinco?" Well played, good friend. I was expecting shit rolled into a tortilla. I was expecting service on par with a 1.5 star dining expereince. And I waited. I was exceptionally critical of all aspects of the expereince. PLEASE GIVE ME A REASON TO PROVE EVERYONE ELSE RIGHT, DAMN YOU!!! AND BOY WAS I WRONG.The service was EXCEPTIONAL. So much so that my GF said, "Don't you think it was 5 stars for a Mexican Food joint?" Well, GF, it's still my Yelp and I say 4.5 Stars for the expereince. And maybe it was, but when I left, I left delightfully full, contently happy, and feeling like I had a stellar expereince. Maybe the loss of 1 Star had to do with me needing to stand up to tell a patron to shut the fuck up,  keep his voice down, and stop being an ugly, foul-mouthed American in front of my GF's 5 year old. But, that's not the restaurant's fault. That's the fault of an immature, small, insecure man behaving like a small, insecure, Ugly American. Back to the topic at hand.... The service was awesome. Glasses refilled before hitting the E light. Chips full, until we asked for no mas! Food was SCORCHING hot, so you KNOW there was no wait time in the window. The food was incredible. I kept thinking... Where have I had better Mexican Food? And the only place I can think of is in Albuquerque, and it's called El Pinto.We ordered a cheese crip. It was how WE like Cheese Crisps. CRISPY. FLAKY. Breaking apart when you pick it up. Crunchy... Melted cheese oozing. That's how we like em. That's how we got it. Without being asked.  The 5 year old got a Taco. Al a Carte. PLEASE BE SCREWED UP SO THAT I CAN TELL EVERYONE HOW MUCH YOU SUCK!! No dice. She ordered the enchilata plate. They were almost better than what I ordered. And I ordered the Canitas burrito poco style. If we've met, I'm a big dude, and I can eat. A lot. I couldn't finish it. The beans were smooth, flavorful... And the rice... While I'm not a fan of Mexican/Spanish Rice, I tried it in an attempt to find SOMETHING wrong. I liked it. No enough that I wll eat it often, but I had more than a couple bites, and enjoyed the flavor. The only thing that we could think about seeing the reviews here on Yelp is "HATERS GON' HATE." And the world is full of haters. It's already hard to find really good Mexican food in this town. Yelpers, don't hate on a good thing. We need each other to find little gems like this one.  The decor is nice. I did make the comment that it would be awesome w a bar and Happy Hour, but they are a small joint, in tight confines. DEFINITELY WILL BE BACK. FREQUENTLY.
5	We love this place have been going in here for years. The food, ambiance and staff are great. They have the best cheese crisp in town.. What's up with all the bad reviews is beyond me. A lot of people now days love complaing and trashing people behind a computer when they don't get their way about things. Go try it! You won't be dissapointed guaranteed..
5	I really wish that we could rate something 4.5 stars.... Went back last night. Even better than before, because of a new discovery.$3.75 MARGARITASNo gimmicks, no shenanigans. Menu price. The service was STILL excellent. Our server had a fun, witty sense of humor. The food was awesome. If there IS a gripe, it's that the food is too hot when it comes out. SCORCHING, so be careful!These cheese crisps are THE BEST in town. If I could figure out how to make these at home, I'd be breaking fat person records. Best I leave this one to the pro's.  Since I'm continuing my quest to find something wrong with Don Ruben's, I tried something different on the menu, as did my gf. I did the Carne Asada tacos, she did the Spinach Enchiladas. Two plates full of AWESOME coming right up! The low rating befuddles us, and the recent accusations of "imposter postings", or "shill postings" throws us off, so we talk about what WOULD make Don Ruben's a 5. We can't think of anything. This is the best Mexican food in the Valley. There's a few others I'm obligated to try, (DAMMIT!) but that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make to get a fair comparison, and to bring an accurate review to my beloved Yelp.
5	We LOVE Don Ruben's!!  We have been eating here for years.  I have been using Yelp for a couple of years as well.  Tonight as we were sitting at Don's, as we call it, I said "they have the best chips and salsa"  then I said I'm going to go home and write a positive review on Yelp for them.  I have had or tried just about everything on the menu.  I am a fourth generation AZ. native, been eating Mexican food in Phx. area for years,  There are other good places, but we like Don Ruben's the best.  My favorites are #3, #9, #11 combinations plates, and the fish taco dinner, not Mexico style, but very good.  We have had a couple of occasions when we had  so so service, but only like twice in all the years.  Too Hot????  What??  That is what Mexican food is, Ooey, Gooey, Hot & Cheesy Goodness .  Delish!!!
3	Pretty good, but I can think of other Mexican places I prefer. The service here was ATTENTIVE but a bit disorganized. I asked 3 different people to bring water for hubby and I (we were the last in our group to arrive) and we wound up with one water glass. However, they were quick to bring refills of chips and salsa, and checked on us frequently throughout the meal. The water glasses may have been a fluke because it was a pretty crowded table and we didn't have any other issues with the service.The food was decent, if a bit spicy for my taste. Yeah, I know it is Mexican and I'm a wimp. No one else seemed to mind, so take that with a grain of salt. It did seem to sit a bit lighter than most Mexican food, so that was good. The margaritas were STRONG and a pitcher was more than enough for the 4 of us.
4	Don Ruben's is the first acceptable Mexican food restaurant we found since locating to the Valley. Particularly good is the Green chili burrito served red enchilada style. Great Margareta's and Green chili tostadas. I have a difficult time understanding the poor service, unorganized, unfriendly reviews I've read; our findings were totally the opposite. Always friendly and great service.I suggest/recommend you give it a try and write your own review.
5	If you want a great fish taco this is the place to go. Since Ive moved here which wasnt too long ago, I always order cheese enchiladas with rice and whole beans (if I can find them) and a fish taco on the side. The fish taco was seasoned and fried to perfection. It reminded of what I got from back home growing up. The fact they have whole beans (here for some reason in arizona they call em ranchero versus charro or borracho beans which what I call em) are one of the reasons I  love this place. Being able to mix my rice and beans is as good as it gets with a pacifico. The cheese enchiladas I had were also tasty. The sauce was very tex mex and made it that much better. I have been there 3 times now and the place just keeps getting better.
4	Not bad by any stretch but it didn't rock my world either.I would normally give this place only 3 stars but I was wowed by our waiter when the pitcher of margaritas I ordered for the table came to us as a full pitcher in addition to every glass being full as well. Most places just don't do that and it was a very nice gesture to make up for the extra few minutes we had to wait for them to make it. I don't know if this kind of behavior can be expected per se, but I am definitely grateful for that added touch and they found a way to differentiate themselves from the hundreds of other Mexican food places in phoenix...for me anyway.They deserve an honest shot in my opinion. Don't know if I will rush back, but I am glad I tried them.
2	My wife and I waited for a while to be seated despite several tables being open and cleaned. The regulars, who came in several minutes after us, are catered to by the staff (several parties were seated as we were but their tables had chips and salsa already waiting and they received their service at the same time we did). The food itself was good but lacked spice. I wasn't impressed but I wasn't unimpressed either. It is just an OK place to eat. Next time we'll drive a few more miles.
4	Their green chile burritos are great! Enough for my husband and I to share too. Really love the chips and salsa! Better than many other places!
3	Fun friendly place. The food is ok & better than other Mexican places in the same area.
5	Aw I am sad to see so many negative reviews. We love this place. It has good food and we have always had good service. We have lived in this area about 4 years now and it's a nice place close to home. I do recommend this to my friends too.
5	best mexican food ever! Taco dinner plate is great and the margaritas are second to none.
5	This is by far our favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley. So much we just came here two days in a row. When you sit down they bring everyone a glass of water and chips and salsa for everyone which is a mild and a hot (which isn't very hot). The chips are thick with just the right amount of salt. I could eat them for days! The food is always piping hot and comes out really fast.The service isn't always personable but it's always efficient. We've never had a bad meal or bad service. We'll definitely be back.
5	I have lived in Phoenix for over 20 years and just started eating here last year! Crazy...I know! A few months before I had my daughter last year,  a friend of mine wanted to meet for lunch and suggested this place. Always saw it when I would drive by but never went.....until that day....and since then I have been hooked!The place is small and fills up FAST but the food is worth it and the staff is super friendly! Its the only place to go for Mexican food in the west valley. So if you are in the mood for some really good food, dont waste your money by going to a mexican food chain. Grab the family, friend (s) or a date and head over to Don Rubens. You all will leave happy and and satisfied
5	Just awesome. Great service. Really good food. Outstanding cheese crisp. Yummy margaritas.
5	By far the best mexican  food in the Phoenix area.  Food is authentic, home made and service is awesome.
4	Good. Everything from the staff to the food was good. If this is near your home office or you are in the area go here.  It appeared to be busy until I realized the place is just on the smaller size. I doubt I would drive from Chandler to eat here but it is americanized Mexican food done well.
4	I've lived here for 30+ years and just recently tried this establishment. I have driven past here for years and even lived down the street and never made it in. WHAT A MISTAKE THAT WAS!!! I WISH I would have gone in here sooner! The food was amazing. I ordered the Poco Pollo. So good and the jalepeno cream sauce was perfect. Not too over powering to take away from the flavor of the food and not too wimpy to make me think it was sour cream. Will definitely be going back. This is my new favorite mexican restaurant!
5	If you ever want authentic mexican food then this is the place to try. My family and I have been coming here for the past year and absolutely love it. The food, service and atmosphere is amazing!  The owner is extremely nice and very welcoming. I can't stress enough how amazing the food is, especially the Poco Pollo Pizza and of course their margaritas too!
1	Chips were tasteless, pretty sure my enchiladas were made with Alfredo sauce. Nothing was fresh, just loaded with fat.
5	Small dining area but they move folks in and out quickly. Food is super yummy and it's clean.
3	Had lunch on a early Saturday afternoon.The salsa did not impress me. It3 tasted like onions. They were so overpowering I could not taste the other ingredients.The chips were good. I had the Pollo Fundido. They have a different name but they also call it a Fundido in their description. It was good, but nothing special. It had lot of chicken but it was dry. The sauce was very good, but they skimped a little on it. Not good when the chicken is dry. I really liked the Spanish rice.The servers were very attentive. They were training our server, so we had two. Drinks were kept filled without even asking (Nice!).I felt the trainer was a little standoffish when my buddy ordered his taquitos and asked if he could have one beef and one chicken.She was almost snotty when she told him that to be the same.I cannot figure out the logic why they couldn't make one each. Does it throw off their inventory that much? Or maybe it confuses the cooks? Still wondering...Then they put guacamole on them when he was very explicit about NO guac..and he was still nice about it when they put in another order without the guac. The servers were too (prolly because it was their mistake).I was not impressed with my first visit. But I will give them another chance sometime in the future.
4	I felt that I had to write a review after seeing that Don Ruben only has 3.5 stars. I mean, every time I eat here I'm pleased. I like that the atmosphere is cozy and visually interesting--definitely not a hole-in-the-way type place.The service is always good. It may be better for us because Don Ruben is my parents' default "date-night" restaurant. Today, the server came by at least 3 times to check on us, in addition to taking our order, bringing the food, and closing the check. If you want to split a plate, they'll plate it that way in the kitchen and give you extra rice and beans for $1 extra. My mom and I did this, and still had carnitas left over. Some places make you feel bad about splitting a plate, but our server was totally gracious and offered the $1+ deal to us. After tax and tip, our total tab was under $20.And of course, the food. I've never had the $3.75 margarita because my mom likes 1800. We didn't get it this time because it was noon on a Tuesday, but I've had it before with 1800 too, and its muy deliciosa. I'll admit the chips and salsa aren't the bestest ever, but they're still solid. We usually get the carnitas because they are BOMB. Slightly crisp, well-seasoned, keep picking at them after I'm full. I've had some of the other offerings, and recall being pleased. Everyone seems nuts about the blah American diner next door, but I'm all about Don Ruben.
1	You will have better food on taco night at your Mom's house, than at Don Ruben's.People lauding this place as the best Mexican food in the Valley? Really? REALLY??!!! I had the Taco, rice and beans combo, my standard first plate at any Mexican food restaurant, which is my own personal test.  If said restaurant fails this test, I don't come back.  Guess what, Don Rubens failed pretty badly.  The food is total generic Mexican food.  The chips were slightly stale.  So was the taco shell, which by the way, seemed like they went across the street to Fry's for their ingredients.   The shell must have been the Kroger brand because it was pretty nasty.  Same with the rice and beans.  I felt the food definitely did not justify the prices. The wait staff were not rude, but were definitely not welcoming or very attentive, and we seemed to wait a long while to both have our order taken, and have the food delivered.  I do not recommend Don Ruben's
5	Love it! Don't let the little shopping plaza its hidden in fool you. Once you enter the door you'll immediately be welcomed into a lovely restaurant with a great atmosphere, friendly staff and wonderful food. Almost everyone at our table ordered the poco pollo. I substituted beef instead of chicken. Incredible. The group I was with have quite a few picky eaters, and no one had a complaint.
4	Awesome happy hour Margaritas for $3!!Everything you could want in a Mexican Spot- service isn't the greatest but everyone is super friendly! Great atmosphere and my Son who never eats anything but fries loved the chicken strips!!
5	I totally disagree with the one star review. Thats insane.  I'm a foodie and love a good mexican restaurant. I just moved here from Chicago and Don Ruben is a few blocks from me. I thought it was a hole in the wall dive, but I was wrong.It's clean and nicely decorated, with two rooms for patrons. The salsa is delicious, just the right amount of tomato, onion, spice and kick! I'm not a fan of the their hotter version, so I'd skip that. The chips are always fresh and hot. Great margaritas and even better at 3 bucks on weekends. I always get the shredded beef enchiladas with ranch beans. I've had this in numerous places and theirs is THE best. The sauce on the enchiladas is delicious. It's a full plate and enough for leftovers the next day. The deserts are amazing too. The wait staff is always friendly and quick!I love having this close to home, but there goes the diet!!!
3	A couple of friends suggested we go here one night.  I would have never found this place on my own, not exactly a part of town that I hang out in.  When we got there, there were lots of people standing around waiting for a table and while I was pretty hungry, I was starting to question my decision to try it.  The kids did a great job of entertaining themselves and the wait was only about 10 minutes with a group of 5.  The waiter was very impressive, working with us on kids meals and the request for extra rice for my daughter that can never get enough rice in her life.  They were great with the kids and everything flowed very well.  Food was very authentic and tasty.  I got the shrimp burrito, T got the bean burrito.
4	Pretty amazing mexican food... I live 1/2 mile from this place and am very lucky to have such quality food I can turn to . The service is outstanding , and the food is pretty darn good .. I have had numerous items on the menu and have never been disappointed.  Try the poco pollo pizza amaziglng !
4	i was refered here by a friend and i must say my husband and i loved it the food was amazing and the service was great Mexican is my favorite food and  this has become my new favorite place  i will go many many times  and we are very very very picky
4	Good brunch time . served fast . good margaritas. never had anything I havent really liked
