5	Arrived at this place and realized this was their soft opening.  We were excited to see another pizza place in this location because the other two had failed and all I can say is WOW.  We ordered the honey hot wings.  They game out piping out from the fryer with great flavor.  We ordered a large pizza with pepperoni and sausage.  PERFECT CRUST, wonderful fresh toppings and Delish fresh mozzarella cheese.  This place is awesome!  Tons of tv's, great customer service.  We will definitely be coming back here!
3	DH & I went to Upper Crust for Happy Hour. We had a pizza and wings, which were on happy hour specials. The pizza was good, similar to the grimaldi's style. The wings were a one star. The ambiance was a little dark, could use some color. Lots of TV's to watch any game were available.
4	Great place for a good pizza and a drink. Indoor on the family side or next door in the bar. They have a great patio as well. Basic pizza and Italian food menu, including salads. I had the personal sized pizza and it was excellent. VERY VERY Grimaldis type. Thin, nice sauce, great crust and ample Mozz cheese. I ate the entire thing. $ 8 for the cheese add $1 for the Pep. $9 lunch meh.. a little expensive.  Share a large with 4 people. LOLStaff was great, nice and friendly. I wish the owner would have been a little more proactive at meeting his customers. :(Prices on the drinks seem steep. I doubt I would go just to have a few drinks.Next to the Coffee place in the Costco shopping center. North west side of the complex facing Cave Creek.
5	The pizza is excellent. I had a thin crust pie with amazing sausage, sun dried tomatoes and cheese! This is a wonderful place to get great food and a cold beer.  They had Left Hand Milk Stout and 90 Shilling on tap which is always a plus.  Prices are very reasonable, and there are literally dozens of TVs to watch any game that is on...  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  Can't wait until it warms up a bit so I can sit out on their nice patio.
4	Ate there for the first time last night and the food was fantastic. They did a great job on the remodel, so it's a lot more open than it was before. They have an extensive wine list and the service was wonderful. We will definitely go back!
4	Went here with my wife (Shannon V) and another couple for dinner last night.  the atmosphere has drastically changed, for the better, from when it was Native New Yorker and Brickyard.  The wine list is big but not so large that it's daunting.  We ordered the Bruschetta, with thin pizza dough instead of regular bread (smart), and it was delicious.  My wife and I split a small pizza (more than enough for the 2 of us) that was delicious.  Very New York style, with just enough pull and crunch on the crust.  Our friends ordered a Calzone and the Lasagna, which they said was delicious.  They were still doing their soft open so not all items were ready yet, but that wasn't a major problem.  The only minor issue I had was a small breakdown between the server and the kitchen; we order sun dried tomatoes on our pizza but ended up getting regular tomatoes.  I like both so it wasn't that big of a deal though.  All in all, a great place to go with lots of TV's to watch any sports event on at the time (possibly more than when it was a dedicated sports bar).  The owner is the same gentleman that owns Arena Sports Grill on Bell, so hopefully his business savvy will keep the place open for a long time.
3	The pizza crust at this aptly named pizzeria was the surprise highlight of a recent Saturday night visit. I didn't care much for the atmosphere, but oh, the dough! Beautiful, savory, sexy dough that yields the kind of thin, flaky, flavorful, air-pockety, lightly charred crust that I love *shiver* Think Neapolitan style, like you might find at Bianco or Pomo. Soooo yummy. Soooooo goo-goo gooey good. The amount of sauce and the fresh mozzarella were on target, too. So why only 3 stars? Alas, the rest of the dining experience simply didn't live up to the restaurant's upper crusty epithet. Like the space's previous Native New Yorker/Brickyard tenants, Upper Crust is split into two dining areas, the family side and the 21 & over side. I'm going to go ahead and put ironic quotes around "wine bar" because: A) The wine menu is pretty limited, similar to what you would expect at any restaurant. B) There are at least 16 TVs tuned to sports. C) Picture a wine bar. This is not the place you're picturing. Aside from some minor renovations, the interior didn't seem much changed. [Insert personal pet peeve: red and white gingham linens. Uggghh, so kitschy. *bad shiver*.] The added patio is a nice touch though, and has ample seats for lounging and dining. As much as I was seduced by that fabulous crust (don't get me started again), the toppings were a bit underwhelming. The basics were there, sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, and they were of good quality, but the Neapolitan style crust just begs for some more authentic options like sliced fennel sausage, roasted garlic, prosciutto, basil, or egg (not all together!). The service was fine. Considering we were one of two tables, there was potential for over-attention, but our guy was friendly and available when we wanted him and made himself scarce when we didn't. As a whole, I think the concept is a little convoluted. Perhaps they're trying to please too many different demographics? The fabulous crust is a start, I just wish the menu and ambiance could top it.
4	What a nice find. Gluten free for the wife, and half price wine on Wednesday night for me!  The pizza was excellent and prices seemed reasonable. The wife said the gluten free crust was excellent b
4	Food was tasty, This place has a great wine and beer selection. It has anchor stream on tap. Menu needs expansion though. I would like to see pre made combos on the pizza menu and a kids menu. I think this place has potential though if it expands its menu as the pizzas are excellent.
3	Very excited to have another restaurant in the neighborhood.Ate here last night with some friends. Pizza was very good but the wine is way over priced. $42 for a bottle of Petite Petite is crazy!  I don't think they can classify themselves as a wine bar.  The wine selection is not of wine bar quality and the atmosphere does not allow them to charge as much as they do for the wine.I will go back for the pizza but will not make this my neighborhood wine stop.
5	My second home, no seriously , its that good! Cant say I was ever in the place before so I wont be making any comparisons. Dough!- The pizza is perfect! I always get the personal size, with italian sausage and ricotta cheese. Its big for being a personal , I usually share it with my main man and it fits us perfectly, however I think for most people its not for splitting. Its thin crust , sorta similar to Grimaldis but better! and not as pricey. They seem to use a similar style bread on the spinach dip too and it melts in your mouth! noms!Friends behind the bar- I have only been at the bar seats, but the servers are all friendly and happy to chat with you even when your not at their table. Bartenders are super awesome. All are fun and talkative. Making drinks quick and having a good conversation is hard to find!!Wine bar?- The sign says Patio and wine bar, soooo it is.. but its very unpretentious , so if you are just getting into wine or are not at all , dont be shy come on in.. its not pricey and the guys are here to help! Plus a good selection of draft and bottle beers! If you like good wine, get in here! I you are a beer drinker, get in here! If you just like a goo place with good friend and soda, get in here!Break it down Jess- All in all its a great place, half price wine bottles on Wednesday, and a great happy hour. My only thought that if you go to this wine bat for a bottle of wine with friends for a quite time, dont go during any sporting events as there are tons of tv's( which is great) but could easily turn into a guys bar during those times. But I love this place!!!!!!See you there!!!
4	My husband and I decided to go to Upper Crust, I will admit, because we had a coupon.  We live north of the 101 and there aren't very many places to choose from up here, we were excited at the opportunity to try a new place at a discounted price.  We received a coupon for 1 free dozen wings with the purchase of a large pizza and decided to give it a whirl.We arrived around 6:45 on a Friday evening and decided to sit in the bar- the place was busy but there were still a few tables available.  We sat at a booth and were able to have privacy in addition to a view of plenty of televisions.  It took a little while for someone to come over and greet us but that is my only complaint about the whole experience.I ordered a glass of a house red wine, on recommendation from the waitress and my husband got a bud light draft ( both were discounted because of a HH special that lasted til 7!!!).  We ordered wings as an app and they were FANTASTIC, as a side note a dozen without a coupon will run you  $6.00- which is nothing considering how large the wings were.  We had the honey hot, great flavor, good size, a lot of meat,  we will definitely order those again.We then put our order for a large pizza (neither of us was that hungry anymore b/c of the wings but the coupon required the large) and the waitress even tried to down-sell us on the pizza, letting us know that their large is more than enough food for the two of us. We appreciated the consideration but had the coupon so ordered the large.  Our pizza had sausage, garlic, and pepperoni...and was fabulous.  The amount of sauce, meat etc was perfect and the dough was amazing.  My husband actually commented that the lady next to us wasn't eating her crust... he couldn't understand why she was wasting it when it tasted so good.  We ended up with extra slices to take home for leftovers and overall a great experience.I highly recommend trying out Upper Crust, it's a nice local joint with good service, great food, and reasonable prices.... a combo that I think is hard to find!
5	The pizza was just amazing here -- what a wonderful surprise.  I have never in my life eaten the crust of a pizza, until visiting this place.  Nice atmosphere -- we dined on the patio on a very comfortable sofa.  The service was exceptional -- the manager (owner?) greeted us and asked how everything was going -- nice touch.  They had a nice wine list -- not a huge one, but good selections nonetheless.  I very much look forward to returning.
4	So far, so good. Just stopped in to try out a togo order (craving some hot wings) and I'm impressed by how much its changed since the sportsbar was here.
4	I'm lazy. I'm lazy and I like wine. What I really like is to be lazy on patios that I don't have to clean up while I drink wine. Therefore, I have found a new happy place. Ironically, we didn't sit on the outside patio as we had my daughter with us and the patio is 21 and over. I was bummed out but am sure the euphoria that will be induced by lounging with wine sans kids anywhere near me at a future time will make it all better. Our waitress was adorable and explained that she can take our order with her iPhone and that, no, she wasn't texting. Cool technology, people. We ordered the fried mozzarella after she explained it wasn't like lame fried pieces of string cheese. Oh, she steered us down a happy path. The mozzarella is fresh house made and it was wrapped in thin pizza dough and fried. If I could married it, I would have. The marinara dipping sauce was spicy and tasty. My kid hogged all the cheesy goodness. Damn her. Next, the three of us shared the small fettuccine with meat sauce with a few meatballs thrown in for good measure. Didn't feel like pizza but that looked REALLY good. The pasta was a little over cooked. More mushy than al dente. That's why they only get four stars. The sauce was yummy and the meatballs were freaking awesome. They had great flavor and held together really well. Personally, I would have dunked them in sauce and then served them. Just serving them baked, no sauce, made them seem dry. Boyfriend and I had a glass of Pinot each and the bill came to $40, and we had a $10 off coupon. Pretty sweet. Perfect amount of food. We'll definitely be back. The staff is lovely and so is the atmosphere. Looking forward to some unpretentious wine patio lounging.
5	i went to this place expecting very little, we would always drive by and it looked like no one was really there. But this particular Friday night, the lot was full. I had never seen the patio in front but as we walked by, i saw it had great, loungy outdoor patio furniture. Both tables to eat at and couches to chill on. It was already full by 6 pm though. it had been a long day at a spring training game, so i was reluctant about going out in the first place. But this place exceeded my expectations ten-fold. Its minimally decorated with dark walls and several TVs that all had some sports. There was a nice sized 21+ lounge that we did not see but looked very fun. We were seated and served immediately.They brought out pizza dough for my son to play with, and the service was so spot on and FAST! The food...OH MY this was the best part... so fresh and amazing, and our server Matthew was very knowledgable. He reccomended fresh salami for my caprese salad which was great. We also ordered a small (if small is 16 inches!!!) cheese pizza. It was margherita style and they make the mozzerella for the salad and pizza fresh on location. Very thin, fresh crust, but not too crunchy. The wings were the best part. I am sure this chicken has never been frozen, and not to fatty or oversauced. Speaking of sauce, they have 8 different ones to chose from. I love wings and i am tempted to say these were the best ever.It was midrange in price, $55 for pizza, wings, salad, beer, wine, a lemonade, & tip. More than i was expecting but i also didnt go into it knowing it was family style. The tables are a little small, and they have no kids menu, but overall I am very excited this place is in my neighborhood. Definitely coming back for date night.
3	I'm not usually one to criticize, but I read the good reviews for this place and it seemed like a pretty safe bet.  Went on a Saturday evening and the place wasn't crowded at all ;-) Our server, Matthew was fantastic - a really nice guy.We ordered a large pizza with 4 toppings but the pizza arrived with only 3 of the 4.  Matthew was very apologetic and said he would bring us a glass of wine on the house for the mistake.  He left and returned a few minutes later saying they wouldn't allow him to give us a free glass of wine, but he could take the charge off of the bill.  Being a business owner myself, I though, hmmm, pretty poor customer service.  The pizza itself was fine, however, we ordered it with sliced tomatoes and much to our chagrin, it seems the tomatoes were the first thing put on the pizza because there was no sauce, cheese or anything else under them and they covered 80% of the pizza.  The sausage was sparse at best with maybe 10 pieces on the 18" pizza.  The crust was so thin in the center that it couldn't even hold the tomatoes without disintegrating. So it was disappointing, but on the other hand, the patio was very nice and Matthew was great. If I could give the management one piece of advice, it would be to never let a customer leave disappointed - it may have cost him a glass or two of house wine, but I would have returned.
4	I  frequent this joint often to relax outside on the patio and drink wine and/or beer.  The service here is outstanding.  My vegan friend particularly likes this place because they make her vegan friendly pizza.  As a carnivour I love their italian sausage.  And for all you cheese lovers their mozerella is made fresh daily!  I am more of a beer fan than a wine person so it is worth mentioning they have an extensive beer list, including quite a few beers on tap.The sign above the patio says 'Patio and Wine Bar', so it can be easy to miss if you are looking for the full name on the sign.
3	Visiting this location for the first time last Friday evening.  We sat on the patio to enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather.  The service started out slow as we were passed several times by a male server who practically stepped over us and avoided all chances of eye contact.  Finally a female server greeted us and could not have been friendlier.  The food and beverages were served promptly and everything was delicious.  We were particularly impressed with the fresh ingredients offered in the Mediterranean salad.  The portions however were ENORMOUS and we definately over-ordered.  (In the future server should mention portion sizes to new guests.)  The restroom facilities were also very clean which is something any guest can appreciate!  Our experience turned sour as we were preparing to leave.  Another guest on the patio chose to light up a cigarette even though they were the closest table to the entrance and near other guests (including myself who was 9 months pregnant at the time).  We attempted to wait indoors for our bill but the smoke was EVERYWHERE.  When we notified the service staff they made no effort to follow the law and require the guest to be the appropriate distance from the entrance.  I realize as a new establishment it's hard to be difficult with guests but this definately impacted our experience and we heard grumbling from other tables around us as well.  Overall a good experience, hopefully in time the staff will be more comfortable in handling guest issues to ensure everyone is able to enjoy their dinner.
4	Really good pizza, wings and wine. Lots of tv's for your viewing pleasure and a real neat outside seating area to enjoy the spring weather.
5	Wow I was impressed!!!I purchased a voucher off kgb for $8 after a discount from a previous deal. That gave me 30$. Drove down with my bf and was a little turned off with the location (in a strip mall). After finding a nice seat on the patio we felt like we were in a nice scottsdale/dt phx area. They position the umbrellas to block the parking lot/strip mall behind you. I ordered a glass of pinot and my bf got run&coke for drinks. We ordered a large caprese salad to share ($10.99). It was great! They had a small for $7.99 and this large one. It is a really great size, especially for a caprese salad, the basil was super yummy too! We ordered a large (12$ + 2$/additional topping) with mushrooms, kalamata olives, and half jalapenos (for him) and other half ricotta cheese (for me). It came out and we were in shock - it was HUGE! After our first bites we were addicted! It tasted so authentic and delicious. I can't wait to go back for that exact meal! The waitress was really nice and I was impressed how technologically advanced they were as they took orders on there iphones! Very cool! We even think there pizza is better than CIBO (which we thought would be hard to beat). Super impressed with this little restaurant & can't wait to go back again :)
3	The service was not any good but the pizza was delicious! Just get it to go!
2	A group of 4 of us visited Upper Crust last night for the 2nd time and were very disappointed compared to our first visit about 6 weeks ago.  We loved their antipasto platter the first time around - it was almost a meal in itself with good quality cheese and meats- for $11.99.  This time it was half the size and mostly roasted red peppers out of a jar.  The pizza crust was good, but we order sausage and sundried tomatoes and there was hardly any sausage on it and the tomatoes were quite dry.  Last time, they brought a pizza like this to our table by mistake and it looked so good we knew we would have to try it next.  The white pizza is still quite good.  The service in the bar area was better than last time.We all agreed that we would not be going back.  There is better in the Valley.
4	Hung out with some friends here this past Saturday night for the first time. This unassuming pizza place is right down the street from our house and provides a quick "go to" for some good food and excellent service. We had such an enjoyable time sitting on the patio having a couple glasses of wine (beer for the guys) and eating from very tasty food. I thought at first it would be weird on the patio with the parking lot right there, but it really didn't bother any of us and we kind of forgot where we were for awhile... so, don't let the location deter you from going here!  As far as the food is concerned...we all shared the stuffed mushroom appetizer and bruchetta. Both were good and somewhat unique. The mushroom was stuffed with italian sausage, which I love, and the brushetta was make your own on pizza bread. I was pleased with both appetizers and their prompt service. In addition to little noshes, we all shared 3 pizzas, the buffalo chicken, a pesto with sausage, and plain cheese. I've got to say the pesto was my favorite followed closely by the buffalo chicken. I didn't care too much for the red pizza sauce, just didn't taste that great to me. We also had the cookie dessert, which was mighty fine. Since this place is so close and better than other pizza places near us (mainly humble pie), we will be frequenting here whenever we have a hankering for some good quality pizza.
4	Went there the other night, had Pizza and wings.  The pizza was ok-good, really not the style I like, so if I were you, reading the review, I'd take that wiht a grain of salt.  It was large and very thin.  Like 1/2 as thick as a Rosati's.  The good news is the price is much mroe reasonable than Rosatis.Now to the really good news.  The wings.  Very, very good, like a 14 out of 15 on my proprietary scale of wings.  Would have been 15 out of 15 if they had left them in the fryer a few moments longer.  they bake the wings ahead of time, then fry them quickly to crisp them before adding a perfect, thin sauce (not the ketchup like stuff you get at some "wings" palces".  These are, in my opinion, some of the best I've had in Phoenix.  Let's give it another shot to ensure they're consistent... and ask them to drop them in the frier a little longer!The other reason I gave them 4 of 5 - and if they ONLY did wings they'd already have a 5/5 - was I don't care for the happy hour policy.  I understand it, but I think they could be more accomodating.  You see, to get the HH hour pricing, you need to sit on the "bar" side.  However, if you are there with anyone under 21 you can only sit on the restaurant side.While I apprecaite that I don't want to necessarily expose kids to the bar scene, at the same time, I don't feel I should have to pay more just for travelling with kids.  Make the HH prices restaurant wide, and we'll be good, or let us take kids into the bar area.  Kona does it!
4	Pleasantly surprised.Nice but casual atmosphere. I like how there were TVs to watch the games but it didn't have that dirty sports bar vibe. Fast, nice, and efficient service.Reasonably priced beers. And really good selection of bottled beers. Wish they had a bigger selection of drafts.We had the fried mozzarella which by husband loved and I thought was okay. I loved the texture of the breading around the cheese but I wish the breading was a bit more seasoned. My husband had some wings which he thought were really good. And he was happy they made them "extra crispy" for him. I liked that you can order them by the half dozen for just $5. Most places you have to order them in larger quantities which sucks cause I'm a vegetarian.We ordered a large pizza with Kalamata olives, artichokes, and tomatoes. We liked the pizza for the most part. The cheese tasted delicious on it. I liked the texture of the crust, just wished there was a little more flavor in the sauce. Luckily if you order tasty toppings it makes up for it.The value of the pizza was amazing. $12 for a large, $2 a topping. They only had 2 specialty pizzas on the menu, both chicken, which I found puzzling. I was hoping for a few veggie varieties.Overall, I'm psyched we found this place. We ordered a ton of food and 2 beers for $43. I am looking forward to trying their happy hour.
5	This is my new favorite spot! The pizza and wings here are amazing. The wings are super crispy with a nice flavorful sauce. I would recommend the hot ones, because the medium is lacking a bit of heat. The pizza is also to die for. The cheese is very fresh and all of the toppings are very fresh. The sangria is soooo good too. It really does rival postinos. If the weather is nice, sit on the patio. Finally, the prices are extremely reasonable. A large pizza is only $12. My husband couldn't believe it when I told him!
3	Our first visit was on a Saturday around 830pm The place was not busy and it took awhile for someone to seat us. The service was ok. The pizza was very tasty and the wings were amazing! The second time we meet up with a friend for happy hour; enjoyed the 5 dollar pizza but no drink specials . Definitely will be back for the food!
4	This was our second visit to Upper Crust.  It's located at the SE corner of Cave Creek & 101 in a nice suite that seems to be cursed for some reason...  First, there was Native Yorker (serially successful in the Valley across many locations)... After a few years, they gave up here and Brick Yard (a nice sports bar) took over the spot.  Just a few months later, that was over.In the last year, Upper Crust moved in.  Our first visit, shortly after they opened, was not great, but showed promise.  The wings were average, and the pizza was straight up soggy in the middle.  However, you could tell the ingredients were good and it was reminiscent of Grimaldi's (same style, almost the same crust...).  The salad was... well... FRIGGIN' AWESOME.  Simple romaine, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, and kalamato olives topped with nice feta tossed in a simple vinegarette.  I'm not sure what kind of olive oil they use, but it was just perfect.  Just the right amount of dressing with a perfect balance of the buttery olive oil and tangy red wine vinegar.  Maybe a bit too much feta, but damn... it was good.  The pizza was much improved.  The center was still just a bit on the soft side, but as before the ingredients seemed top notch and the sauce was just right.Happily, we can say that the kinks appear to be working out.  Tonight, we had a couple beers, a small Mediterranean salad (they say it serves 1-2, but as a first course, it's more like 3-4), and a 16" w/ onions, mushrooms, and sausage.  The atmosphere is casual, but a bit on the quiet side (sad to say, it was probably because the restaurant was about 1/2 full on a Saturday night).  They retained all the TV's and sports programming from the Brick Yard/Native New Yorker days, but don't crank up the volume, so it's a bit unique, but cool.The service is pleasant and earnest (admittedly, our server seemed a bit inexperienced and awkward, but effort was all there).We'll be making an effort to visit more often (gotta hit the neighborhood places a bit more...).  Really, this place is just an over upgrade away from being right on par with Grimaldi's and the prices are bit better.
3	So my bf and I came back here for our 3rd time (never wrote a 2nd time review bc it was great like the 1st time) 3rd time meh not so good. We ordered the Caprese salad which is our fav! But the cheese tasted like rubber! it was so dry and hard and we were surprised b/c it was sent out with HUGE pieces. I told the waiter that it didn't taste right at all and he tried to convience me that it was more "fresh" and that is why it tasted like that...I beg to differ, I order Caprese salad prob 2x/week for yrs and this was not good. He took the plate away and we sat and waited for 10 mins for him to at least offer us menus. We never got them. At that point I just wanted the pizza. My bf ordered 6 wings which he said were average, nothing special. Pizza was amazing like always. The waiter returns and told me in fact the cheese was dried? wrong and the manager and agreed and said that they were going to stop serving the Caprese b/c it got too dry or the water was taken out of it too much? I don't really understand the process of making mozzarella cheese but I was happy he at least agreed with us. Kinda thought they would offer a small salad or dessert to compensate but nothing. Just had the pizza and my bf had some extra wings. I would return but JUST b/c I love the pizza there. We may order the caprese again since it is such a big portion and usually really good. But this waiter totally turned us off. The last 2 times we were there we had female waitresses who were AMAZING, maybe the male servers aren't that good? Hope I am not being too sexist hehe :)
2	The first time we went, the place had been opened for a week. Food was average. Nice neighborhood joint. We had a server that was clueless and ruined the experience for us. I gave them some slack because it was opening week, but the server had no idea of the beers they served. We decided to give them another shot a month later, the service was great, but the food was still not that great. For some reason they season the food with quite a bit of salt in everything, which really ruins the flavor. We tried two pizzas which came out undercooked and the lasagna which was ok minus the insane amount of salt and being burnt on the bottom.Great ambience for a drink, but the pizzas, pastas are not that great.
3	Groupn had a special $30 coupon for $15 so we went there for dinner. They have up-to-date ipods which takes and sends the order to the kitchen for a fast turn around which is awesome! We ordered a large house salad which could have been tossed a little better as all the dressing flavor was at the bottom of the plate. A few more olives also could have been added. The medium wings were not bad and they had decent blue cheese dressing, son had ranch which he said was pretty good. The wings were crispy and the medium sauce wasn't too hot or spicy. Not over or under cooked. Would try the hot if  you like more spice and heat...the wings came out tempature hot and needed a minute to cool down.We also ordered a large pizza with sausage, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes and 1/2 with onions.  They added a bit too much dried tomatoes and besides tasting all the sun dried tomatoes the pie was plain in taste, a bit rubbery, but at least not soggy...They have a nice layout and if it wasn't too warm out the patio would have been a great spot enjoy. Wife thought the place was just okay and most likely will not return any time soon. If we didn't have the Groupon we would have passes it up.
4	I have been here a few times now, and it's been usually great!I love the patio and the fact that the patio is only for age 21 and up.  On a nice night, it's great to sit out there having a drink and eating their delicious pizza!  I also love that they have one of my favorite beers, Ace Pear Cider!  Not many places carry cider, so this is a huge bonus!  There were still seats available at 6:30 in the evening, so it wasn't too full.  The wait staff has always been pleasant and nice.I do love their pizza!  I'm from Chicago and I feel like I am a bit of a pizza snob, but I love their thin sausage pizza!  They use such fresh ingredients and I love their mozzarella.  So fresh and delicious!  I also like their Mediterranean salad.I have ordered pizza to go from here twice, and both times I wasn't super impressed with it.  I think once I got it home it was cold and just not as good.  But I know I love it when I'm there!
4	Their pizza is quite good. Real, delicious mozzarella cheese but a bit expensive @ $2 per additional ingredient on a large. That, plus the fact that the more relaxed inside dining room is 21 and over (even with supervision) are the only reasons this place gets 4 stars from me.
4	Great food, service and wine.  This is a great casual date place.  The wife and I were impressed.
2	I really really wanted to love this place. Great location, super cut atmosphere, food looks good. But it really fell short. The salad was eh and and the pizza WAY under seasoned. I read in another review it was too salty, I wish I had some of their salt. Even though the food was just mediocre the service is really what ruined it for me. I chose to sit in the bar, as im a bar fly, plus I think they have more specials in there. Anyways, all the tables were occupied except for two dirty ones, a high top and a booth. I opted for the high top, im sure I sat there a good 15 min before anyone stopped to help clean the mess. Sure I got lots of eye contact but no one seemed to want to serve me. So I moved to the dirty booth. It was cleaned quickly. My server showed up with menus and wanted a drink order stat! Whoa nelly! i asked if i could have a couple mins to decide on wine ( half off btls of wine on mondays) and for my guest to arriive. well bad idea cause then it took her like an hour to return. and this set the mood for the rest of our meal. at one point we had to get the busser to grab her and another i had to get up to order another bottle of wine from the bar. towards the end of our vist we were hoping for a pizzookie, well turns out the kitchen had been closed without our knowledge. too bad, i doubt ill be back
5	Wow, I was impressed!  Upper Crust is a family style restaurant; the owner and staff are very interactive and make every guest feel right at home.  We ordered a 'small' pizza and a 'personal' calzone; both were absolutely delicious. The ingredients were fresh and the service was excellent, it felt like I ate a million calories but I guess that's always what if feels like when you eat something this good.The portions are huge so expect to have leftovers!
3	I've only ever ordered take-out since this place is right around the corner. The pizza here is decent. Thin, chewy, quality cheese, good crust. I wish they would come out with combo pizzas instead of having to pay individually for each topping. $2 per topping is too much for, say, a penny's worth of garlic or 25 cents of mushroom... especially considering sausage is the same price as veggies. I never understand places that price this way. Just put a veggie pizza on the menu! Their wings are awesome though. Ever since they graciously gave us a free order for having to wait a while picking up on our first time trying the place, I've been hooked. I have to have them, and then wind up eating all the wings and leaving the pizza to the fiance.
1	My niece and her baby girl were in town and she eats at Upper Crust in Nm.  I was not impressed; the waiter took our order via text which basically meant no personality just a person looking at his cell phone.He also repeatedly put our HOT dishes within reach of the baby in a high chair putting her at risk to be burned.  He was not personable at all!!However the food was decent; not fantastic and for the price plus the annoying lack of personality and experience I'd rather not go back.Also why have high chairs but no kids menu? we paid for an entire order of noodles with butter ( about 5 noodles eaten by the baby); I just think for a "family style" serving restaurant they should be more family friendly.In an age where everyone is on their cell phone and disconnected most families go out to dinner to have an experience.  This was just another disconnected moment in our lives and should have been an easy relaxing time to catch up with our family.
4	Great pizza and a great beer selection. Big improvement in service over the brickyard (R.I.P)
5	Definately one of my favourite places.... everything is home made... including the mozzarella EVERY DAY.... it certainly makes their deep fried mozzarella the best I have ever had....add that cheese to the thin crust fresh sauce pizza... amazing.Went on a Wednesday for 1/2 bottle of wine... great deal with large portions on foodStaff always friendly and make the dining experience even better.Can't wait for the weather to cool down to enjoy that patio....
5	This is by far one of my husbands and my FAVORITE spots.  Living up north off of Cave Creek there are not a lot of options.  Many restaurants have occupied this space all of which we hated.  Amazing lounge area with lots of TVs, free wifi and  great staff.  Matt or Kevin usually wait on us in that area and we now actually consider them friends were there so much!!!  Only bad thing is you can not sit in the lounge area with kids...which is awesome now but will be annoying once we spawn. Gluten free options for me and when we feel like cheating delicious artichoke dip!   Patio was nice in the spring and were looking forward for the cooler weather to sit out there again.  YUMMIE PIZZA, BEER, WINE  AND SALADS and a good spot for watching sports!
5	I can't believe I'm doing this but I am going to go public about my favorite pizza place. I've looked for great pizza in Phoenix but have only found a few contenders - but for my money, it's really hard to beat Upper Crust. Upper Crust is a somewhat undiscovered gem in North Phoenix that offers excellent pizza at family prices. And if that weren't enough, the appetizers are also fresh and first rate. If you're a first timer, I suggest you go with the fresh deep fried fresh mozzarella for a starter. It's flavorful, light crust is never greasy and the marinara sauce is rich in flavor without being over-spiced. Follow that up with a pizza with your favorite ingredients. You can't go wrong with the fresh fixin's and their light sauce plus their cheese makes all the difference in the world. If you can save room for dessert, the creme brulee is the perfect way to end a fantastic meal. There are pizzas that are more well-known in Phoenix but very few that taste better. If you're like me, service is a big part of dining out. We've always had great luck with the friendly staff who take accurate orders (using an iPod touch - how cool!) and they have the uncanny ability to anticipate our every need. If you have young kids, be sure to ask for some fresh dough for them to play with and the kitchen will even bake their crusty sculptures and post them online. Of our numerous visits, the only misfire we've ever had seems to be the salads. Don't get me wrong, I love a plate of fresh, quality mixed greens as much as the next guy but get the dressing on the side to suit your  taste.The large portions and friendly service ensure that you'll leave rubbing your tummy with a smile on your face. So there you have it. The word is getting out. I hope you enjoy it as much as we do!
5	My wife had to literally drag me to this place, mainly because I didn't expect there to be a decent pizza/wine place away from Old Town/Kirland/Desert Ridge areas. The place blew me away! Delicious food, friendly service, and a comforting atmosphere. Atmosphere: They really spent the extra cash and attention in the build out. Three sides to the restaurant, family dining area, a sports bar area, and a patio. Since college football was in play we sat in the sports bar area. There were a dozen or so TV's to catch all the games that were on. The atmosphere here was clean and inviting. Food: Good selection of wine and beer. Since we were watching football I thought it only natural to go with a cold beer. Was nice to see they had beers on tap that is typically not found around town, gives me another reason to go back there. Like I said before, I had low expectations going in so when our appetizers came out it blew me away; THE best stuffed mushrooms I have ever had. Next, we tried the wings, not the highlight of the meal but still fantastic. For our entree we shared a ceasar salad and pizza. If you are expecting to get a $10.99, 3 topping pizza from Dominos, with greasy cheese and crust, this isn't the place for you. The pizza is higher end with fresh topping and higher end cheese. Not the type of pizza that makes you want to gorge after, it was light and delicious. Reminded me much of Grimaldi's but with better toppings.Service: Very friendly staff. Couldn't decide on the beer I wanted so she offered us a couple of samples. Really gave us a fantastic experience, THANKS LAURA!!
5	Awesome pizza!  Quote of the night:  me: "What's your best pizza?"  Server:  "The best pizza is the one with the toppings YOU like." We had pizza with roasted red peppers, saussge, kalamata olives and sliced tomatoes. Out of this world!
5	Amazing service, outstanding food, mozzarella  made fresh every day!
5	You don't expect to find a good restaurant in a strip mall, next to Costco, but Upper Crust is all of that. They have fantastic food, including fresh made mozzarella (made at the restaurant), really good chicken wings (ask for them crispy!), and, yes, great pizza. There's always a happy hour special going on and the bar and restaurant sides are totally separate, which is great for both families and the no-kid crowd. And, now, that it's cooling off, you can finally enjoy the patio!
4	The pizza here is top notch.  Family style Italian food which is all good.Have a decent selection of beers on tap and the wine selection seems varied (not a wine lover).Has a NY type feel and the staff are friendly.Decent size bar and a patio for the cooler weather.-1 star for a pizza we got to go that was cold.
5	One of the only local places that carry my favorite local micro brews! Plus they have multiple TV with the football games on. Try the stuffed mushrooms- best thing I have ever had!
4	Upper Crust is going through a major identity crisis. On the door it says "Patio Lounge and Wine Bar" which makes you think of Postino or some upscale snooty place, but before you even walk in you can see all the TVs showing sporting games through the windows. Are you a sports bar or a wine bar? And then you feel like you're in the middle of New York when you're sitting down and looking at the red and white checkered tablecloths and old school photos. But, there's no denying that the food is pretty tasty.  We had the Mediterranean salad to share, and a pizza with sausage and sun dried tomatoes. The chef was a little stingy on the sausage; I definitely could have used more. Someone else in our party ordered the pasta with meat sauce and it was pretty delicious. Not my favorite pizza but definitely near the top.
4	I enjoyed this place a lot.  Of course when you are having fun with your friends, the places is even better.  It was our twin moms night out, so we had about 15 moms.  Good thing I decided to share not only my wine bottle but meals too.  Portions are insane.  The "small" calzone fed 3 moms and we had 2 pieces left.  We also shared the meatballs, they were very tasty and a Mediterranean Salad.  It was very good.  I will come back with my hubby for another great time.
4	Great Pie! The small pie is perfect for two people -awesome date place.Stuffed mushrooms a great added bonus to the meal. (the artichoke, and Italian sausage made those mushroom oh so yummy!) If you can ever make it there for happy hour you should, and not just for the pricing but to try all the other small serving items on the happy hour menu. Such a great way to start the evening and end it with their desserts! Fantastic food and fantastic service.
3	The food here is good but the service can be hit or miss and they sometimes seem to stuggle with large groups. I like this place because it's close and they have a good happy hour. The outdoor patio is nice too but during a recent visit here a group of friends filled up one section of the patio and had bad service (I think the waitress was new as well) ... and to make it worse, when the last of our food was delivered (1.5 hrs after it was ordered) the waiter delivering it had the gawl to start arguing with us about the actual time we arrived there and ordered and then mummbled on about how our group was too big for that area... bad move on his part. Another waitress came out later who was very nice and cheery and she tried to remedy the situation but we already felt burned... A large part of our group WERE regulars but I can see that changing after this recent experience.So I would still reccomend this place but keep the groups on the smaller side and stay indoors if you want good service. The owner has talked to our group while we've been there a couple of times and he seems nice and he means well...he can't control everything that happens there...perhaps the staff just needs more experience.
5	Upper Wine Pizza and Bar has a very chill atmosphere and had delicious food.  I came here with a generous Groupon.  The menu had a great mix of items from pizzas, wings, salads, sandwiches, and a whole lot more.  We were initially were heading for wine tasting, but we decided for a place that combined food and wine.  We got a chance to sample between 2 different Pinot Grigios, and the one we chose had a sweetness, but not as sweet as a Riesling.  The wine went perfect with our BBQ Chicken Pizza.  To start off, we got a Caprese Salad.  I could taste the authentically made cheese the server raved about.  I was very excited for our pizza, and it did not disappoint.  I really wish I had 2-3 stomachs because the pizza was heavenly, and they give you A LOT of food.  I would say a small pizza is good for 2-3 people.  Overall, we had a very pleasant experience.
4	Went with Ashley L. and another friend.  We got seated right away and enjoyed our pizza.  That fresh mozzarella is great.  I didn't like the way they take orders, via iPod Touch, but I think that is just how things are changing and eventually it will be the norm.
5	Some of the best pizza I have tried so far in phx! Delicious! The place is really classy too. Loved the vibe. Still laid back for a wine bar. Good prices as well. I will definitely be back.
4	Looking for the perfect thin crust pizza? Well if you like homemade mozzarella then try out Upper Crust Pizza and Wine Bar. Our friends introduced us to this restaurant on a recent visit to Scottsdale. This restaurant is situated in a strip mall and doesn't look like anything special from the outside but take a step inside and you'll feel differently. It has that "cozy" feeling that makes you want to keep coming back.They make a variety of homemade pizzas to order that come out of the oven with just the right amount of "crispness".  On my short trip to Scottsdale I made 2 visits to Upper Crust. (We just liked it so much the first time I couldn't wait to go back). In addition to pizza they feature calzone and pasta on the menu. It's a casual place that's big on "atmosphere". On both visits we were lucky enough to have "Laura" wait on us. She was personable and made our experience very enjoyable. Pizza sizes tend to be larger than what you would expect. The "personal size" pizza was plenty to eat for my party of 2. If you're a wine lover my tip would be to make a visit on a Wednesday night.  All bottles of wine are half off!
5	Everything from service to food was top notch!  I highly recommend Upper Crust!
5	Woowza!!!! I've been here five times and I can't believe it's taken this long to "yelp" them. Tonight was the kicker! I ordered the veggie pizza and added pepperoni, plus a caesar salad with chicken. What got my heart (which everyone other items on their menu has, but not like this) veggie pizza and added pepperoni. The veggies are so fresh . The artichoke hearts are smokey and the perfect blend of the veggies, touched with the perfect amount (not too much) pesto. I'm not the biggest fan of Caesars, but my hubby really loved the dressing and the freshness of the salad and best of all fresh grilled warm chicken. We will be regulars on a weekly basis for sure. The prices are in expensive for the quality of food too.
4	We have been here s couple of times, once for wine, once for dinner. I got a calzone for dinner. It is huge. It was good I would order it again. (However, you need to ask for sauce).  The other night a friend brought over a pizza...fresh mozzarella and pepperoni. By the time he got to our house it was cold, but it was still really good. I think their wine is a bit over priced...and while they offer 1/2 price bottles on Wednesdays, you can still find the same bottles/years at other restaurants for far less than their regular price.  Overall, I like the atmosphere and I will be back to try more dishes.
5	We loved our experience from HomeRun for Upper Crust. Food was excellent as well as the service. Have been there several times and will go back again.
5	YUMMMMM! The atmosphere is so comfortable, I especially love the patio area where we like to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple of appetizers. The food is excellent especially the pizza and I think its hard to find good pizza!! This is a great place for date night or to bring the whole family......we do both :)Great food at an excellent value with wonderful service! What more could you possibly want.
4	This place has the best pizza.We usually eat in and that is a good thing as the take out can be cold before it gets home.They have a decent selection of beers and wine and the service is good.As a family dining place we like to bring our out of town families and friends!
4	Hands down the best Pizza in North Phoenix.  Not even a competition.  The patio is good for enjoying a glass of wine on the patio while having a slice.  Two sides of the restaurant make if family friendly.  Good place to watch the game on the bar side if you want a quiet enjoyable spot with great food.Amazing HH specials on top of everything else.
4	Mostly really like this place...(see below)I've eaten at Upper Crust six or seven times now.  I've been there alone, with my husband, with my immediate family and with a large family gathering.  The best experiences I've had were the first two times.  Both times we have excellant service and very good food.  We are a little disapointed with the lack of consistent good service.  Management, why don't you use the really good servers to help train the not good servers?  Is there ever a manager on the floor watching for "training opportunities"?  I have never been greeted by a manager or been asked how everything was.  Each visit, the food has been from good to great...except for the Gluten-Free crust.  Don't order it until they have replaced their supplier...it's currently not edible and even our server acknowledged that it was bad...after we sent it back to the kitchen.  Hint:  it would have been nice if the server had warned us in advance so my daughter could have had a dinner that she could eat.  BTW...no manager came out to apologize for the nasty pizza that time, either.All in all it's worth the visit because the ingredients are mostly very fresh, the portion sizes are a good value and the beer selection is great.
5	We went there for lunch on a Wednesday.  The lunch menu is fabulous. The service was great.  The pizza was delicious.  My husband had the pizza on the lunch menu and it was a good size.  The crust was thin and the mozzerella was fresh. Just delicious!! I had the Honey Hot wings and they were pretty good.  The wings weren't saturated with sauce so that was nice and it had a nice bite to it. The total bill for 3 people for lunch was $25.00 before tip.  We will be going back!!
1	I've been coming to this place for awhile now and this last experience has been so awful I am NEVER coming back!!!!I made a reservation for my husbands birthday for 12 people on a weds night in the bar area. We arrived to find out that they lost our reservation and we're told in a condescending manner that, "we don't take bar reservations".  We explained that we talked to Kevin and he double checked that the our reservation In the bar would be just fine. When I told manger/owner this, instead of apologizing and trying to rectify the situation, he acted as if we were out of line or lying about our reservation.  So then they shoved some tables awkwardly together and NEVER said sorry or that they were going to take care of us in any way.  I'm not sure why we stayed but we did, we were trying to have a good time for his birthday.. When the "incompetently obnoxious" server finally came over to get our drink/food order ,it was at least 5-10 mins. She took our order  and got everyone except myself.  She never asked me again if I was okay or if I was eating anything.  Long story short, it took forever and we waiting about 30 mins for our checks.. Speaking of split checks... Two couples in our group asked for separate checks because they had to leave early.  That wasn't a problem for them to get separate checks but when we asked for our checks to be split, she dropped off one check and told us to circle what we had!  We did so And of course she screwed it all up.  We also had a $25 gift card that surprisingly didn't work. They took the card and comped our bill. But really we paid $25 because they be we gave us a new gift card, (not like I'd ever come back).   Don't waste your time here!!!! The owner could give a shit about giving good service or making customers feel wanted.
5	I have been back, a couple more times, still my FAVORITE pie in Phoenix. Nice work Upper Crust!
5	Yum!Just had the wings here for the first time last weekend and I really don't think I've had better wings! They were soo good! Ordering them "hot" was just perfect!Infact, the pizza and salad were just as amazing. I had friends next to me raving on the bread and meatballs they had ordered. We had a large group and the service was excellent. They were very friendly and were nice enough to inform us there would be 2 servers since it was Sunday and they like to tagteam if they are slow!
1	I am so disappointed in the experience myself and friend had last night. He was so excited about taking me here because he said the pizza was some of the best he had ever had and he knew how much I like trying new places. We arrived at around 9pm and it wasn't busy. We were greeted nice enough and asked if we wanted to sit in the main seating area or the bar area. We choose the bar area so that we could also watch highlights of the game. We got a booth, the waiter in the next booth over saw us sit down so it wasn't like no one knew we were there. A waiter took care of a table two tables behind us and another waiter took care of a table that was seated one table to our right. Again nothing. We even watched as 3 waiters congregate around a table to chat it up but again nothing. After 15 mins we decided to leave. Yea we waited 15 mins. My friend was more disappointed then I was only because he felt that he had talked them up and he felt like he let me down. I told him no worries as it was there loss. I was there to hang out with him anyway. The pizza would have just been a bonus. Will I be back?  Probably not anytime soon. I wish I could say that it was because they were so busy. Oh well.
5	Wow!  Sampled the ravioli and meatballs during Yelp's Ultimate pleydate event.  I wanted more and will make my way to the restaurant to fulfill my desire.I didn't wait long to go to the restaurant after trying the samples.  Went the next night.  We ordered meatballs and the stuffed ravioli as well as a pizza topped with artichoke and garlic.  Everything was very fresh and tasted wonderful.  The manager and our server, Ivan, told us why: They make everything from scratch.  Even the mozzarella is in-house.  This is not your typical pizzeria.We had the cheesecake with strawberry sauce and it was VERY good.  Rich and the sauce is, again, made from fresh ingredients.  The menu has a number of items we want to try and we will be returning to do so.
4	Who can beat half price bottles of wine on Wednesdays? The food is always delicious and good service. Bloody Marys are awesome too. I love the vibe of the place very cozy and upbeat.
3	So this place i would rank in the same exact field as spinatos. This is a tough category to be in. Not quite sure what they were going for with the decor. There were/are tv's everywhere (in the family/restaurant) section of the place. I mean i won't lie i love to watch sports everywhere i go, but this is just screaming for me to get in trouble if i go with my girlfriend.The food wasn't cheap in price, but wasn't ridiculously priced. Lets start with the good: The pizza. The place is called upper crust they better have a good pizza. and Just like their name the crust is great. Infact it is the best part of the pizza. Yes i will admit we got a weird combination of toppings on the pizza so that probably didn't help much, but here we go...The sundried tomatoes should have been slightly rehydrated before putting in the oven because...they were super sundried tomatoes. the cheese was good. The crust, it was a good thin crust pizza, but it didn't have enough to put it over as GREAT. To be honest if they made the crust a garlic crust or something, add a little pizzazz to it. Yeah it would have gone over better with me. But to be honest, if you want a straight forward pizza. They got you a great straight forward pizza.Because they are in the same category of spinatos. They are getting graded against what i would like to say the best sit down pizza THAT I HAVE PERSONALLY tried in the Phoenix area. The specialty pizza selections um...,how you say. Small... i was expecting more of a selection on this from a place called upper crust. We also got their stuffed mushrooms. They were good, i won't lie i don't get too picky about my stuffed mushrooms as long as they have a good tasting mushroom and is stuffed with something tasty.I don't think they were worth the 7.99 price tag they had on it though. I'd come back, but i'd have to try other things to convince me of a better rating. Maybe i will go to the "lounge/bar" side next time. (the wings looked decent i will try those next time).
5	Great fresh sauce and spicy pepperoni.  Mozzarella tasted handmade and crust had the right thickness.  Good pie.
4	The boyfriend and I were big fans! We came after finding them at a Yelp event with a free pizza certificate. Assuming it was for a personal size, we were shocked we could order a large so we did! The boyfriend was impressed with the beers on tap and happy watching three games at once in HD. I was really impressed with our server Jonathan. He was fantastic and knowledgable. He had the chef slice some mozzarella made in house so I could revive some Bronx little Italy memories. It was not quite there but I was really impressed by the effort. The ravioli with meat sauce was quite good. We can't wait to try the lasagna next time! As for pizza, the peperoni was more impressive than the margarita but both fared well and I cannot wait for leftovers!
4	So my buddy and I walked into Upper Crust Pizza and sat at the sports bar side which had TVs on the wall with all the games on- sweet! The area has a classy yet relaxed and fun atmosphere. Right when we sat down our waitress, Aliyah, came to take our order. Aliyah was very friendly, social, and just had a great attitude. The best part of Aliyah was her pulchritudinous and mesmerizing looks- almost as she was radioactive with "bueatiful-ness-energy" radiating from her.  Aliyah, with her ridiculously piercing good looks, recommended the Fried Mozzarella and they were delicious- something new that I've never tried. On to the main dish where we had half mushrooms and half pepperoni on our pizza. The pizza came out in about 15-20 minutes. The crust I'd rate a 4/5, the sauce 4/5, could use  a little more topping to really taste them 3.5/5, but the cheese was a 5/5 since you could definitely tell that the cheese was high quality- something most pizza places skimp out on. Overall the pizza was great! However not as great as Aliyah's supermodel good looks!
4	So I walked into Upper Crust and then totally felt like I was transported to Patsy Grimaldi's. The Decor, the glasses, the tablecloths I mean everything was identical.  I love Grimaldi's so I guess this isn't a bad thing for me.  So after sitting down I was given a menu and again blown away it's Grimaldi's menu but vertical not horizontal.  This was just getting weird, but I was there so I went with it.  I placed my normal Caesar salad small as it's huge (just like Grimaldi's) and a pizza with just sun dried tomato's for topping.  Prices are similar to Grimaldi's so nothing wrong there for good food.  The pie is identical except no coal flavor from the oven which is good because I can still say Grimaldi's is my favorite.
5	Tasted their food at Yelps pleydate.  They were sampling some awesome meatballs and raviolis.  They also handed out a coupon for a free pizza.  Their location is across town, but decided to give it a try hoping that their pizza would be as good as their samples from the event.  Excellent pie.  If you like Girmaldis style pizza, you have to check this place out.  There is a Girmaldis closer to my house, but I would rather drive here for pizza.  Great crust and the mozzarella is outstanding.  This is our new favorite pizza place in town.
5	This place was very similar to Grimaldi's in Phoenix.They have a family restaurant environment with TV's everywhere. It is awesome I did not have to crane my neck to watch the Coyote's playoff game at all. The service was really good, attentive, the also have a party room with an absolutely MASSIVE TV in it, as well as a nice indoor and outdoor lounge. The outdoor lounge has nice plush furniture to sit on and relax, it would be a fantastic place to take a date!Their wine list is nice, I was sad they didn't have a moscato on it however the Reisling was really good so I couldn't complain. My husband and I always have the Pepperoni and Mushroom Pizza wherever we go. It was really good, Just the right amount of sauce and toppings and I have to save the left overs were really good cold. (Breakfast of champions right there)We also ordered Hot Wings and Teriyaki wings. Its a good thing I love my husband or I may have bit him for the Teriyaki wings, there were fantastic and I could have made a meal out of them by themselves.Certainly give this place a gander, I don't want them going anywhere soon, except for expanding locations!
5	Just like Maria said about a long drive to get here, Abby and I did the same trek as well. After trying their food at the Yelp Pleydate it was a no brainer to try this place in person. Their location right off the 101 makes them able to serve a larger population than a typical family run pizza joint. They were super easy to get to and if I lived somewhere in the Desert Ridge area I would be here often! We arrived on a Friday night and was able to grab a seat right away which was surprising since after looking around I couldn't find an empty table anywhere. Our waiter took good care of us. We were entertained by the TVs showing different sports, but it was the right amount of TV's (if you've read my reviews you'll know I don't like to be overwhelmed with TV's). I started out with a Sleepy Dog Brewery beer right from the tap so +1 point there! Then we shared a "Specialty Pizza", the Buffalo Chicken Pizza that was super tasty! It survived a night in the car (since we went straight to the bars afterwards) and is still making a name for itself in our fridge as a left over. We finished things off with Upper Crust's Pizookie. I remember reading about it in another review so when the waiter asked about dessert I ordered one with no regrets. I really wish this place was closer so I could try some of their pastas. I would have taken my mom here on Mother's Day if it were the case but either way, if you're in the area or want to take a drive to eat some bomb food, go here.
5	Love their pizza!! I have gone here with large groups as well as on a date. The service is great, they never run out of anything, and it's cozy and clean.
3	If there was a 3 1/2 star, that is what I would select for this place. The first time I went during happy hour, it was fantastic. The other two times, not so much. The personal pizza for $4 plus $1 per topping is a good value. They make fresh Mozzarella cheese and you can definitely taste it. The wings are also pretty good. Honey Hot is how I like em. They have a nice beer variety and $3 house Merlot during happy hour is a nice offering. If it was more consistent, it would get a 4 star rating. The pizza sauce seems to vary in flavor from sweet to a tad spicy. Not sure why this is the case. The layout and flow is nice and the patio for outdoor lounging is nice when the temperature is below 90 degrees.
4	I've decided to change my rating of this place from 3 to 4 stars... some time has passed and I've been 3 more times now. I've noticed a nice improvement to the speed of service at this place. The food has always been good it was just lacking service before and now I'm much happier here. The bar staff is really nice as well. I wanted to say "great job" to the staff here for improving and bringing this place back up to what it should be!The large pizza is a good deal at $13 and is very tasty with a nice thin crust and fresh cheese and toppings.
5	Yummy... Nice thin crust, homemade mozzarella, and close to home! What more can you am for?
5	I came here after receiving a free pizza at a Yelp event.  Upper Crust had some of the best food at the event so I couldn't wait to have dinner at the restaurant.  My friend and I came here on a Wednesday and were pleasantly surprised it was 1/2 off a bottle of wine day.  I can't remember exactly which wine we ordered, but it was a Shiraz and it was good.  We shared a happy hour appetizer of mild wings and a large pepperoni pizza with basil.  It was all so delicious!  I also came here a different day with my boyfriend and we shared the meatballs with cheese on top and a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and basil.  Again, it was very tasty!   Everyone was very friendly and prompt.  I will be back to Upper Crust!
4	Upper Crust is like Grimaldi's on steroids. The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. Upper Crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which I am not crazy about. The wings are huge and delicious, especially with the honey BBQ sauce. The meatballs are nothing special (with or without the mozzarella cheese), but Stephanie H would disagree. Happy hour is Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm and on Wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine. Overall, it is a very good pizza and I plan on returning. Next time I'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. I really liked Upper Crust, but Grimaldi's in Old Town is still my favorite for traditional NY style thin crust pizza.
5	Oh. My. YUM!!!!!I had a coupon for a free pizza (thanks to a Yelp event) and have never been to this place so we decided to make the drive and check it out. Sooo glad we did! I wish I would have gotten our waiters name, he would have gotten a 1 star. We were seated and sat and sat and sat. It was a Thursday (5/24) at about 6pm, there were maybe 3 other tables with people. NO ONE acknowledged us for a solid 10 minutes. We finally flagged down a bus boy who went and got our waiter. The waiter was not personable at all. Whatev. Although twice a lady brought our food out to us, she was so super nice and we had even said to her that we wished she was our waitress, very personal and nice. We ordered several things to try since it was our first time. We did an order of wings, an antipasto salad, the mozzarella and then a pepperoni pizza.I don't eat wings, so I cant say how they were, but they were the biggest I've ever seen and the guys really liked them a lot! The antipasto was fresh and tasty! We will for sure be ordering that again. Note a small is big enough for 4 people! The fried mozzarella was super tasty! Very different! Loved it! Not the best I've had though, that award goes to Lo Cascio, but I will for sure order it every time I go! The pizza was HUGE! A large will easily feed 5 people. It was so different, loved the amount of cheese on it, though I do wish there was slightly more sauce on it, the sauce is soooo tasty! This will for sure be a repeat place for us!
4	My family and I came to Upper Crust after receiving a free pizza card from Yelp's playdate.  It was a pretty long drive for us, but well worth it.  We had good service.  We asked the server what she suggested and she said that the mozzarella was a must.  I always ask for suggestions, but normally still order what I originally wanted.  This time I listened.  I am so glad that I did.  The fried mozzarella was wonderful!  I would order it again.  It was sooo fresh!  We also ordered the mushrooms which were ok.  The pizza looked beautiful, but it tasted ok...it needed a tad bit more marinara.  I would go back.
5	Found this place through Google offers and so happy we did. Maybe the best tasting pizza in Phoenix. They have buy 1 get 1 free on Tuesdays so you get 2 amazing pizzas for about $13. Don't miss this place.
5	When I was a kid, I used to look forward to Friday night pizza parties at the local pizza parlor. Since moving to Arizona, I haven't found many pizza parlors here that mirror my childhood experience. That is, until I found Upper Crust. Upper Crust sneaks up on you. Literally. It's located in a small strip mall just off of the 101 and Cave Creek Road but the second you walk inside, it's a whole little sports bar/pizza parlor experience. To the right of the restaurant sits a dining room complete with red checkered tablecloths and family style tables. To the left sits a bar with at least a dozen flat screen TVs, several high top tables and a large bar top. It's the perfect spot to watch a game. The pizza is outstanding. It's large and in charge! One slice is probably the size of 2-3 regular size pizzas. It's thin crust with soft bread, gooey cheese and any toppings you want. This is the ideal Friday night pizza. If you're ever in the area, visit this hidden gem for some delectable pizza!
4	Ate here with my family in tow and... WOW! Get the fresh mozzarella.  I never had fresh mozzarella and I am glad I did.  If you are going here try the mozzarella please.Be prepared right off the Cave Creek exit in a strip mall, had to make a U turn to get into it.  Also the windows are all blacked out so at first I was not sure it was open.  Great place to have some pizza, everyone liked the pizza....Yes my kids are good judges of pizza.  When they get full on pizza and not ask about dessert you know its good :)
5	WHY?  I simply want to know WHY?! Why is there only one of these places! And it's way up north in a strip mall with very limited parking.  Almost a hundred reviews . . . that must tell you something. The pizza is incredibly good. Nothing "out of a box." All homemade tasting yummy goodness. Melt in your mouth cheese. Crust that you do not want to leave a single scrap of on your plate. And the toppings? Stop me before I salivate into a flood of desire for yet one more piece of p-pie!Last night we had 1/2 veggie & 1/2 BBQ chicken. I literally could not make up my mind which was better. They both were incredible. And we started with a Caesar salad . . . I loved it! It seems such a simple thing, but not many eateries get it right. Upper Crust serves a mean Caesar salad.Ok, so it's about 30 miles out of my way to go for pizza . . . but totally worth it! Wonder if they deliver?????
3	I've only been here once but it was enjoyable. They did accommodate our group of about 25 people. Food was good. Don't really recall my veggie pizza being anything special.  Will go again.
4	Loved the pizza here. I first tried their food at the Yelp pleY date event and it was delishious! Their meatball, ravioli, mozzerella cheese sampler at the event was awesome. I just had to come and check them out.The pizza is not quite what I would call a thin crust, but the dough is not too thick either. I may just be trying to convince myself that pizza is good for you here, but does thinner crust = less carbs? I think so, and thats what I'm going with at least. All their pizza's come topped with their home made mozzerella, and I finished mine off with meatballs, which seemed like a good idea at the time. I was right! The meatball pizza is nothing less than super. They seem to have different daily specials. Swing by on a Tuesday for buy one get one free pizzas and bring home some 'za for tha family.
3	Awesome pizza! Wednesday half off bottles of wine is great for a ladies or date night. Nice bar and patio area.
5	I wanted to add Upper Crust to the best Happy Hour list, that is why I logged in, but my friend and I visited Upper Crust Pizza for lunch today.  He was as pleasantly surprised as I usually am.  There are many reviews on Upper Crust and I am happy that they are somewhat close, sorry Rachel C.  The pizza is fantastic and my favorite appetizer are the stuffed mushrooms.  Dang those are good!  I have had more items but for a $5, the mushrooms are a happy hour favorite. They are with cheese and sausage with a generous portion, it's fantastic. It also deserve mention that their pizza is awesome and for $4 the personal cheese is YUMMY!Well, I am glad that I make it here at least once a month.
4	This restaurant serves EXCELLENT pizza. The stuffed mushrooms are also delicious. I have had a few different pies here and each one is delicious. Great wine and beer selection too. Definitely will come here again.
5	This is hands down the best pizza spot in AZ.  I have spent the last 8 years trying to find the best pizza in AZ as I am from Cali.  This is it!  The pizza is fantastic. My children love it too.  Not many spots where both the kids and parents are happy with the food.  We recommend this spot to everyone we can.I have to add that the chicken wings are amazing.  I do not eat chicken wings anywhere, but here.  They are that good!
5	Upper Crust has AMAZING fried mozzarella!! We always go for that to share for an app, a medium pizza, and a bottle of wine and four of us are STUFFED.  The crust is SO good to and the pizza is even good 3 days old in the microwave!
4	I went here with friends last night.  I read the reviews and knew I had to have the fried mozzarella which is home made every day and stuffed mushrooms with spinach dip, and I was not dissapointed at all.  They were delicious!  The pizza was amazing also. Everthing is Family style. They have a full bar, and a wonderful menu of wines, and they also have some that are not on the list.  Would have loved to go and sit on the patio, but the Haboob had other ideas last night!  But definitely somewhere I will go back again to again.
4	We have lived down the street from this place for a couple years but have never tried it until the other day.  We were very pleasantly surprised.  Our waiter recommended the fried mozzerella (he said they make their own) so we tried it and it was pretty good.  I'd say Maggiano's does it better, but Upper Crust's was definitely above average.  We also split alfredo pasta and a small pizza.  The alfredo sauce was really good, and the pizza was surprisingly good as well considering it hardly had any cheese on it.  The crust was thin and very flavorful.  The only negative is the crust was a little soggy and it does not reheat well.  We will definitely go again.
4	1 more star awarded: Upper Crust, you've grown on me. Reading through my previous review, I still have all the same criticisms about the ambiance, but three return trips and I keep finding more and more reasons to like you. * Excellent and attentive service, busy or slow* Michael David Petite Petit by the glass* Wine Wednesday: 1/2 off bottles* Great deals through social media* To-die-for yummy crust
1	I would have loved to like Upper Crust, as I've heard good things about the food.  However, they don't seem to care about families or taking care of their customers so we never got to try.  I called a day ahead to make reservations for 12 people (2 kids included), and inquired about the happy hour options and seating.  I was told they didn't take reservations, but we could sit at tables near the bar and receive happy hour for our group.  I sent the email confirming this to our friends.  The day of, one of our friends called to ask about the specials and was told by another employee that we weren't allowed to come in for happy hour with kids.  Of course, I received the call from my friend while we were all en route to the restaurant.  I called and spoke with the bartender (no manager on staff) and asked if they could do something for us.  She said they don't allow kids in the bar area period.  I asked if they would allow us the happy hour pricing in the restaurant side and they said they would see what they could do.  We showed up, and received a big fat no- no apology- no offer to make anything right for our group.  Which by the way, all of us live in N. Phoenix and this would have been our first visit (that's 5 families).  I asked to speak to the owner and was told he was in a meeting.  I asked for a phone call back when he was out of his meeting, which I never received.  Not only were we misinformed, then inconvenienced, there was not a shred of concern, nor even an attempt by the staff to take care of the situation.  We were told the owner doesn't allow kids on the bar side.  It is not illegal for kids to be in a bar with their parents at a table having pizza and a glass of wine.  The owner clearly just doesn't care- which is completely disenchanting but in the end, his loss.  Instead of making an exception and allowing happy hour prices on the restaurant side, they lost the business of 5 local families forever.  We went to Kona, sat at a table for 12 and had a wonderful happy hour.  If you want good pizza- go to Cibo or Humble Pie.
5	Best Pizza in town! I've Been looking for a good pizza in town for 8 years. Well I found great pizza at Upper Crust. Oh yeah don't forget  about the honey-hot wings well made wing sauce. Great service, excellent food, and great atmosphere.
4	Place is so cool!  The waiters look like theyre using their cell phones yet theyre actually placing your order on phones. Our drinks arrived while our waiter was still taking our order. Now that's impressive! Awesome food as well and good pricing!
5	I've been to Upper Crust several times with my in-laws, and the food and service are always top notch.  I don't always have time to write reviews; however, something that Upper Crust did last week was so nice that I wanted to make sure to thank them for it.Last Monday was my birthday, and with a two year old and a six month old, eating out can be tricky.  My boys and I go out fairly often, but not for dinner (my husband prefers my cooking, how nice!).  My birthday fell on a Monday, and after working all day my husband just wanted to eat at home.  So he asked what I'd like for my birthday dinner, and I asked him to pick up pizza, wings and a salad from Upper Crust.  When the folks at Upper Crust found out it was my birthday, they included tiramisu (sp?) in the to-go bags, and it made my night.   Everything was delicious as always - the honey hot wings, the pizza, and the house salad, but it was so nice to include an enormous piece of tiramisu (perfect to share) and we did not ask for it.  THANK YOU Upper Crust, your consistency in providing not only excellent food but top of the line service will keep us coming back again and again.
4	I didn't give it five stars because there is a slight chance there maybe better pizza out there, but I doubt it.
4	Whoop, typed in the wrong text for this place. Upper crust is awesome, I will expand on this later.
5	If you like Grimaldi's, you'll love this place, and the price. It's almost too good for the area. Nice light pizza, great atmosphere, you'll love it.
5	So, my husband and I have been to Upper Crust Pizza a couple of times now.  It is by far my favorite pizza place in town.  The meatball and Ricotta cheese pizza is to die for.   If you are looking for a pizza place to eat in north phoenix, this is the place to go.
4	This place is conveniently located near my house.  Its one of the nice places nearby that you can eat/hang out and isn't a chain restaurant.  The pizza is thin and crispy like I like it.  The restaurant is a pretty decent size place with PLENTY of TV's for all the sports addicts.  The patio seating is nice as well but its a shame the only view you get is the parking lot.
4	Killer Wednesday night wine deal: all bottles 1/2 price.  When was the last time you sipped on a ZD Cab?  Never, right, the thing is $70-80.  But for $35, not a bad splurge!Cute server, tasty, fresh food, sweet patio ambience
2	I ordered the personal pizza with onion, garlic and basil. The onion and garlic were both raw. The pizza lacked cheese and sauce. Two days later and I still taste garlic.Will not return.
5	Great pizza!! This place was a great last minute pick!! We decided to bring in the big 2013 with a small get together celebration at this pizza joint!! The service was great!! We had a friendly and patient server with our undecided group. Also we loved the surprisingly good tasting white sauce on our pizzas!! Everything was amazing!! The Mozzarella appetizers and the Extreme Hot wings!! Oh so good, fatty food!! We look forward to coming back!!
4	Fantastic pizza, loads of screens to watch the footy. It was a bit quite, but guess it was just after Christmas. Patio is right in the sun and the service was good. Will go again.
5	I absolutely love this place!!  They have an amazing happy hour (till 7pm) and great lunch specials:)  Thank you Michelle for introducing me to this fantastic place!!!  The pizza is top notch!!
2	My husband and I decided to take our 3 kids here for an early dinner and happy hour on a Thursday at 4pm. After we had gotten settled into our tiny booth, we asked the waiter for a happy hour menu. Well apparently happy hour is only in the lounge area, which you have to be 21 to enter, even in the middle if the afternoon. So we got up and left. They definetly arent family/kid friendly, why should I have to pay more for my drink juat because im with my kids and have to sit in the 'restaurant' side. Also the tables and booths are tiny. A heavier person could not fit in a booth. If we go back, it wont be with the family.
4	Very much enjoyed it! Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.
4	My brother told me that this place had great pizza and thought it was of the best in Phoenix, so he dragged me down there one evening. Upper Crust is located in a shopping center shared with Costco which doesn't always give the best first impression. The previous tenants were pizza restaurants that didn't last so I was hoping that UCP would be good and stick around for a while. We started off with fried mozzarella, which wasn't like mozzarella you've had before. This cheese is made fresh on the premises and wasn't too heavily breaded. We devoured these white nuggets of goodness and couldn't wait to see what else UCP had to offer.Next up were the chicken wings. OMG, these buffalo wings were epic! They were just the right size, good portion of meat to bone ratio and the sauce was outstanding. These wings could arguably be some of the best in town.Finally, our awesome waiter brought out our pie topped with pepperoni and sausage. Now, depending on what style of pizza you like will depend if this a winner for you. UCP serves more of a thin New York style which I enjoy. I would give the pizza a 4 out of 5 knocking one point because I thought the pizza was too flimsy. Overall, the pizza tasted great and you can tell they use quality ingredients.To sum this up, my brother was right, UCP served up some great food! I am glad to see that people like this place and I think it will be around for a while. I noticed they had some valuable happy hour offerings which one could take advantage of discounted drinks and appetizers such as the fried mozzarella or chicken wings. Another great thing about this place is that is has a main dining room or you can walk through a door and go into a more private wine bar which offers outdoor heated seating.
4	Really good pizza and a great happy hour! Unfortunately, I feel like the service is hit or miss. They have a cozy little patio with comfy chairs.
4	3.8/5 Stars - Pizza was better than average but didn't blow me away. Service was outstanding, but I can't include that in the rating. Had really good happy hour prices which I do include in the rating. Would go back a second time and try the pasta.
5	Michael was our server.  Ask for him!  He knows the menu, is a great advocate for this restaurant. Food was fantastic!  Wings, excellent and we will definitely be back. Great food and outstanding service.
5	Saturday afternoon visit!  Our second visit here and outstanding service again. The fried mozzarella was amazing, pizza delicious and the Bloody Mary was to die for. Made with Clamato!  Our server was Ms Schmidt. I didn't catch her first name. We will be back regularly.
4	My boyfriend and I have been there a few times now. We really love the atmosphere. The service has been great every time. The food is great and I especially enjoy the wine selections.
2	I'm not sure why this place is rated as high as it is. I just placed an order to go and these guys are NOT organized or efficient. To pick up your order you have to go into the bar area and ask one of the bartenders to get your to go order. I think a bar tender is better suited to serving drinks rather than helping with to go orders, don't you? As a restaurant owner I would want them pouring drinks. First, they couldn't find my ticket. And you have to understand how busy this place gets. It's BUSY where they have you picking up to go orders. It's right where the waiters put in their orders and also the kitchen is RIGHT there. It's just a very high traffic area and there is nowhere to go when the waiters are trying to bring out food from the kitchen, so you have this, excuse me--cluster F, of a situation. Then more people start piling in to pick up their order and it's just a big mess. So on the way out I had to put myself back together again because I'm carrying this 14" hot pizza box, my purse, my debit card and my wallet and there's no place to set anything down. I stop by the front entrance near the hostess stand and sit down to collect myself. At the hostess station there was, what I would consider to be either a host or the owner, I'm not sure which...In any case, exasperated, I exclaimed to him that the to go order pick up process was inefficient. You would have thought I'd told him his hair was on fire and he was wearing clown makeup...Total deer in headlights. Didn't give a CRAP that his customers have to jump through so many hoops to get to their food. In addition, many of their servers are pretty grumpy when I see them. If you don't want to be there, go find another job.I don't think I'll order take out from them again after this experience.
3	The food is really good! Don't complain about service or how long it takes to get water & a kids lemonade from Tammy, because she will come to your table and argue with you about it. Thank you to the gentleman who fixed the situation.
1	The pizza was good. Their small is actually a large. So if you want a medium, go for the kid size? Good beer selection. The wings were on the weak side, but it wasn't bad.The service was questionable. At first we had good service. We had order 3 beers, 1 pizza, and a 12 pc wings. I asked if I can have 2 different sauces for the 12 pc. So when I got the check, I was charged for 2 orders of the 6 pc. There was a price difference of 1 dollar. Personally, I dont really care about that $1. But the server made it a point that it was our fault. Clearly it was not. And why would it matter? Made our experience a terrible one by not accommodating our tiny request. It was the stupidest disagreement about $1. Emotions were running high. We came in a very good mood, but we left with foul vibe.
1	We live close by and tried this place out now 2 times. The food is not good but I convinced my fiance this second time just to go for a simple glass of wine on the patio since its so close. For a wine bar they have a poor selection of wine. We were never noticed walking in, even stood there to let someone know we would be outside. We walked and sat outside with our 6 year old and about 5 minutes later we were told at 8:45pm that we could not sit outside with him, only on the restaurant side. That is a first for me. Needless to say we left.
5	Their lunch special is a great value. $4-5 for a real authentic pizza with character and home made mozzarella. Wow. Love this place!
3	Spinach dip is deliciously not good for you!
4	I've been at least 5 times and I will continue to go back. We usually order a pepperoni pizza with ricotta and wings. Ingredients are quality and togo orders are quick. Bar is nice and usually pretty packed on Friday and Saturdays. Lunch menu is cheap 8inch cheese pizza and salad for $6! I highly recommend giving them a try.
5	I've had a consistently good experience at Upper Crust and would definitely say that it's the best pizza place in the North Phoenix area. Plus, it's super convenient right off the 101 and Cave Creek Rd. Many days I call in or order a pizza or wings or whatever to pick up on my way home since there just aren't many options up in Cave Creek.Just blew my non-gluten-free friend away with upper crust gluten free pizza! Also a bottle of Rambauer chardonnay half off (on Wednesdays)?! Yes!They have a pretty good variety of gluten free options if you're into that - but I don't know how good they are about cross contamination. Since I'm just gluten sensitive I don't really need to worry about that.The restaurant is split into the bar area and the sit down restaurant, so you can choose your experience. The bar area gets pretty crowded for happy hour! But the restaurant is completely fine if you have kids. There's even a pretty nice outdoor patio area (really nice if you consider this is like a strip mall) for great Arizona evenings. Great wine selection, pizza, appetizers, location, service... and a cool atmosphere - what else could you want? I've found the service in both the bar and restaurant to always be fantastic. They also make their own Sangria if you're into that. Personally, I do the sparkling wine splits when I'm alone. But I like a little fancy in my day.
2	So here's the thing usually I like this place I've been here 10 or so times. The last time I went here it was a pretty slow night.  during our dinner the server seemed pretty preoccupied with something in the kitchen.. We had to ask for extra sauce a few times but that's okay.. he was pretty understanding of my accomplice and I's particular taste in alcohol..After our check came, and I left around a 25 percent tip we left. Long story short he ended up charging my card for the total amount of the dinner as his tip.(instead of charging 55.00 as the total he charged 99.00) Even the most competent server knows when their bank is off.  and if they don't, that is what you check when they tip out. Just a big inconveneince all around. Reading some of the other negative reviews I agree for the main part. The food is pretty good, a bit pricey but oh well. But the service staff could use some retraining. It will be awhile before I will be back... if ever.
4	I have stopped here for lunch on multiple occasions and continue to be surprised about this hidden gem.  I wish I can live closer to hear to come by in the evenings because the ambience seems really fun.  Try their appetizers they all have been good, I have tried the mushrooms and the bruschetta and the mozzarella balls that are made in house.  They have a bar area and a dinning spot.  They use iPods to order your food and their pizza is awesome!  What else can you ask for?
3	Pretty good pizza, not great. Like the bar, but the prices aren't great. They do have a mediteranean salad that is excellent. Service is always pretty good. Good place, not great. We'll be back.
5	The pizza is great, the staff is friendly, and the happy hour specials are awesome!  I've only eaten in the lounge, never in the restaurant.  It's great place to watch a game and grab some grub.  I've been here probably 10 times and the food/service has been consistently good.  Definitely recommend the pizza and the wings.  I'm not one of those crazy "I know everything about the best pizza" people, but the crust is thin with great texture, the toppings are good, and the CHEESE...Mmmmm....There's lots of places to meet up with friends, grab a drink, and watch a game.  The food here makes this place better than most.  No more settling for "freezer to frier" bar food.  Their food will keep you coming back.
4	My only issue here is the music is too loud at times.  In the dining area I have been able to get it turned down.  No getting it turned down in the bar area.  I always come here for their pizza.  About as good as it gets anywhere in Phoenix.  Did have one time when they overcooked it and it was just OK.  Only reason it only gets 4 stars from me.
2	I've been here twice and both times my problems were with the service. We went there yesterday. When we got there the place was pretty dead yet we had to eventually walk into the bar area to get service to be seated. Ok, no biggie. I asked our server what their "house white" was. He had no clue... went to ask... came back about 5 min later stating no one in the back had any idea and that it was "just a blend"- but of what they have no idea. I'm not a huge wine snob so I ordered a different glass which took about 10 more min for our drinks to come back. Now mind you, the place was dead so not sure why it took so long. After waiting about 30 more minutes after placing our order of a house salad and bruschetta appetizers I inquired about where our food was. He said he just checked and had an issue with the computer so the order was not placed. He was very apologetic which I appreciate but at this point I was pretty irked as he could have noticed this a bit earlier. We placed our credit card on the table (you know the universal sign of you're done and want to leave) and he walked by multiple times without picking it up. Eventually I flagged him down and we got out of there. I see all the great reviews and really want to like this place because it's right near my house but am disappointed every time. I highly doubt I will ever go back to the regular restaurant,  maybe I'll try the happy hour but I'm not too comfortable drinking a wine that no one has any clue as to even what kind of blend it is. *Sigh*
4	This place was really good- I'm surprised that I haven't been here sooner considering how close I live.  Came here with my husband, son, sister, and nephew.  They had only been open for about 3 minutes when we came in so we were only the second patrons (plus it was 11 a.m. on a Sunday- no one goes for pizza at that time).  A cool thing about this place is that they brought out a little pizza tray of dough for the kids to play with (complimentary) and popped it in the oven when they were done so that they could eat it later (like a bread stick).  Those didn't turn out so great- but the fun in it all is really just playing with the dough.We ordered the large veggie pizza and it was amazing.  The crust is thin but can support the toppings, and the slices are large so you have to fold them in half.  So good, I will definitely be ordering that again.We also ordered some boneless wings for the munchkins- I was unimpressed with them (in my experience boneless wings are breaded, but these weren't) but the ranch dressing that came with them were awesome.We will be back for the pizza!
5	This place is a new favorite for me and my husband! We were due with our first baby and wanted to try a new restaurant for our last date without kids. We saw that it had awesome reviews and decided to try it out. We were NOT disappointed! They make their own mozzarella daily and you can tell; fantastic. We have been back multiple times. That staff has always been friendly and accommodating, they use iPads and iPhones to write down your orders. As far as the building, it's so cute and relaxed.  They have a lot of options when it comes to wine and beer. (They even have root beer on tap and a great root beer float I might add) Food wise: the personal pizzas are big enough for me to share with someone and the perfect amount for my husband to eat it on his own. Their pesto veggie pizza is to die for and their pepperoni is awesome as well. I liked building my own pizza too. I've also had their stuffed mushrooms (that have mozzarella, sausage, and some other stuff) and their antipasto salad which I will DEFINITELY have again next time.  This place is priced very reasonably, too! A great date night option!
1	I am not sure why we returned to this place.  Our last visit, we up and walked out.  We thought this time we would give it a shot.  They have a great price on Happy Hour chicken wings.  Well, we walk in with our 13 year old and are told that we can ONLY get the happy hour price if we sit in the bar area, BUT it is 21 and over.  Being that we want to have wings at the happy hour price, we ask if we can just sit on the restaurant side.  Not allowed.  10 feet away in the bar, wings are one price, but in the restaurant they are FULL price.  Great way to drive away business.  We are sure to never visit this establishment again.    Horrible business plan
3	Food here is great! Except I wouldn't recommend the calzone. Service is very good if you dine in. On 2 different experiences in the bar and take out, the staff was quite rude and unfriendly.
4	Pizza is great wings are great.  It's one of my favorite places to get pizza, and I am a pizza snob.  The only downside, which I hope they see this and change is the way they handle pick up orders.  You have to pick them up at the bar, which is sometimes very crowded.  So with no open chairs, you have to flag down the bartender from over some guys shoulder, and then proceed to squeeze between two customers to sign the check and get the pizza.  Not bad but kind of annoying because it makes me feel awkward.
5	One of our favorite pizza places!  We usually take out, but the times we have eaten there have been enjoyable as well.  Their Pizza and Salads are very good!
2	I've been here a few times, it's ok in a pinch. The calzone was soggy on the bottom, so was the pizza crust. Usually I'll drive past it on my way to Spinato's, even Gus' down  the street has better food.
5	Pizza was great, homemade sausage - very good - service was great - so happy we finally stopped here
1	Bleh. Bland, tasteless pizza, squishy pasta, watery sauce. The service was lackluster and the music is LOUD. Such a bummer, since it is so close to my house.
2	Worst service I have had there!  Inattentive waiter and took forever to get our wings.  We only got them after we got up and asked someone to check.  When we first started going there, the service was great - including iphones that sent the order from the table to the kitchen immediately.  I really don't know what happened tonight since the waiter mumbled an apology.
5	I recently moved to this area and I was excited to try this place. I was not disappointed in the slightest. Their pizza might just be the best in Phoenix, the sauce is extremely flavorful and the crust is perfect. Mike and Alan in the bar are awesome dudes. Ive already made this one of my regular spots.
3	Lowering the crust... Man I loved this place when it opened, and honestly I still like the food quite a bit. But the service is heading downhill. My last meal included a waiter who had just woke up, water glasses with soda syrup dried up on them, leftovers not placed in a box but smooshed together in foil because, to quote our server, "our owner is so cheap he won't let us give boxes to customers", then a wrong bill, then a corrected bill with an extra charge that was not explained when I ordered and was then not removed.  I hope they can pull it all together, the food is stellar and it is a great option in the area. I have a feeling it is struggling financially and it is effecting the atmosphere and server's focus. My wife never wants to return, I hope that changes.
1	We've had slow service and not so great service before, but nothing as bad as today.  We were in the bar area for 9 minutes and nobody acknowledged us (there were 2 tables and about 6 guys drinking @ the bar) so we walked into the dining area thinking that would be better.  We waited another 8 minutes...2 waiters CLEARLY saw us and didn't say a word and had 2 small tables.  Finally we got up to leave and my husband asked one of them why the service was so bad.  His excuse was, "we don't have a hostess today".  What does that matter?   Then he asked to speak to a manager...guess what?   They have no manager either.  The guy never apologized or took any responsibility.  He only said, "well I can wait on you now.". We will never ever ever waste our money here again.  Not when there are so many other pizza and wing places nearby.
1	Went with friends this weekend.  Couldn't get the bartenders attention or one of 3 waiters (or 2 waiters and a bus boy) if we set ourselves on fire.  The place had maybe 12 people.  We told them after 15 minutes why we were leaving and they said, "we'll, we don't have a hostess today."   Why would that matter??   We weren't greeted, we didn't have anyone take our drink order, and nobody gave us menus in 15 minutes.   I will not try them again.
4	The owner contacted me to assure me that they have maintained their high quality of food and recipes (which I certainly agree is top notch) and are working on the proper training of their staff. He asked for another chance at our business, which we will do. I appreciate him reaching out and caring about our community, we need more of this and less of the chain restaurants. I'll update when we get a chance to eat there again.
1	Horrible service. Wldnt honor a postcard we received months before Halloween because we didn't keep it. No where on it did it say this was a coupon that wld need to be presented, it was a post card that's it. Will be taking our pizza orders somewhere else, they left us in a jam with guests over. Upper crust doesn't apparently need any more customers.
4	Good stuff here.  We prefer Humble Pie and Spinatos so we usually don't order from here that often..
2	My review is based on the service. The food was fine, as it always has been. The service has been either so-so or bad every time I've gone, so I have taken the hint and will likely not be going back.I went to meet a friend at Upper Crust last week, and we got there at about 8:00 p.m. It was a Tuesday and was empty in the lounge except for two people sitting at the bar, so we sat in a booth off to the side. It took a few minutes for someone to come over to us, which was no big deal, as I noticed the bartender was busy speaking to a customer about something, but did not see a server anywhere. After a few minutes a server (I think his name was John? Jim? A tall, slender young guy), came up and greeted us asking us for our drink order. I was trying to decide on a glass of wine so he said he would be back with two waters that we asked for. We didn't see him again for about 6-7 minutes. He came back with our waters, got my wine order, came back with the glass of wine, and said he would "be right back" to get our food order even though our menu's were closed and we were clearly ready to order. I would've understood if he had a busy section, but we were the only table sitting in the entire area. The restaurant side was empty as well.After about 10 minutes he finally showed back up again to take our order. Once our food was ready he dropped it off but we did not see him again for another 25-30 minutes. The bartender obviously noted his absence as he came up to us to check on us saying he had no idea where our server is but wanted to make sure we were okay.Any interaction with him was sort of slow and tired on his part, and it was pretty awkward, especially when he came back to our table reeking of cigarettes.I hate to pull the "I work in a restaurant" card because I know how annoying that can be, but from working in a restaurant for so long I guess I notice these things and they disappoint me, especially when I feel that everyone deserves a tip, but shouldn't feel entitled to it and should take at least some sort of pride in their job.
4	A friend and I went here last night to sit on the patio bar.  Since the weather was perfect last night, all the patio tables were taken, but we decided to wait for one.  A server (Andrew) saw us waiting and noticed that happy hour was ending and asked if we wanted to get a HH order in before it was over.  We were very happy about that.  Our table opened up right away and we got our bottle of wine (1/2 price on Wednesdays) and our food quickly.  Andrew was super nice and actually I sat in the restaurant last time I was there and he was my server then too.  My husband and I asked several questions about the menu (we can be picky) and we loved that he was honest about everything and we really enjoyed our meal.  Definitely a cool place to enjoy some vino and a bite, especially on the patio!
3	Pros: good Italian food, good wingsCons: mediocre service, a tad priceyWe've been here a handful of times and not been disappointed until tonight.  Their Upper Crust House Salad had chunks of chicken that were as dry as chalk and the dressing was flavorless.  We told the waiter and the assistant manager.  Both apologized but did nothing to make it right, especially since we told them we wouldn't eat it.  All the other food was good.  So we paid $11 for something that had no value.  So, keep in mind if you get something you're not happy with, you're stuck with it at this restaurant.  Disappointing.
1	So my boyfriend and I went here tonight and stayed all of 15 minutes before we got up and left. I know it's friday night and they were busy but when the serve at the bar area sees you says sit anywhere and you sit in her section she could at least give you a menu. We waited and she passed us twice along with another server and some food runners and nothing happened.  We were so mad we just decided to leave and then she finally acknowledged us and said have a good night. Wow seriously I couldn't believe it. I was so angry we love to eat and drink and will tip very well for good service so there's some money they lost out on. So all in all this was a huge disappointment because we live right up the street and were hoping to find a cool little spot to hang out sometimes but we will definitely never go back.
1	We've had the pizza from here a few times.  It's good when your order comes out correctly.  They are one for 4.  The last time we ate their one of the pizzas was supposed to be a white pizza and it had buffalo sauce on it.  How do they screw that up??  AND they didn't bother coming over to apologize, get us a new pizza or comp their screw up.  We're sticking with Grimaldi's.
5	We love the pizza and wings here--I'm not sure what all the service complaints are because we have never experienced any issues with service. We always sit in the restaurant side because children are not allowed in the bar so maybe the service ha better in the restaurant. One of the best pizzas in town--fresh mozzarella, not greasy at all, thin crust--so good!!
5	This is our second time here and loved both times. We have been hearing great thing about this place for sometime so we decided to change things up and finally give it a try. We looked online for their Happy Hour specials and boy are they great!! $3 house wine!!! And $5 appetizers!!! Plus, they had coupons to use too!! (I think they expired at the end of 2013 - not sure if new ones are posted yet).Our first experience was great! Service and food was awesome. We transferred from sitting at the bar to the outside patio under the heaters. The server came out a few times to check on us but mostly we went inside to the bar to order our drinks b/c HH was winding down and we wanted to get a few glasses of wine at $3 before it was too late.  While I was standing there waiting (it was VERY crowded) a nice gentleman who was standing in the crowd asked me if I had been helped. I replied, "no", and he hollered for the gal behind the bar. While I was waiting for my wine, I asked him if he was the owner. He replied "yes, I'm Steve". I thought that was great of him to notice my need for service! Well done!Our second time, we took our best friends who were getting ready to move out of AZ to Missouri. We again sat in the bar area but at a high-top table. A server came over very quickly and introduced himself as Joe. Joe was AWESOME!!! He really made our last night with our friends very amazing and we have some great memories from that night.  Joe was extremely attentive throughout the night even while the place was filling up to watch the BCS football game. We were there just during Happy Hour and ordered from the HH menu. The food is awesome!! The mozzarella is AMAZING!!! And wine for $3 a glass is a great deal.I HIGHLY recommend this place.....and when you go, ask for Joe and tell him the crazy people with the floating condo (boat) idea in San Diego sent you ;-)
3	I was a little shocked at the appearance of the pizza. Granted, I got it to go. But it had white cheese and was super thin. It tasted "ok." I'm sure I'll go back bc the have a great pino...but I'll probably order the wings.
5	Andrew was the best server! Made our experience at Upper Crust memorable. I cannot wait to go back! Best food, best drinks, best service I've ever had!
4	Pizza and wine joint! I was a fan before I walked in. Thank goodness they didn't disappoint! That was close. The place has two different rooms to experience. When you walk in there is a hostess to greet you and a room full of tables and booths covered in red and white checked tablecloths. Yes, real table linen! This room in for a quieter more formal dining experience. Just to the left is a door that leads you to the "bar" area. They have high top tables, bar seating, booths and a nice little patio. When we arrived the hostess asked where we would like to sit and before I could reply, a patron leaving suggested the "fun side". The bar it is! We ordered the spinach dip appetizer and a veggie pizza. The dip was flavorful and the focaccia wedges were thin and crispy. I could have had that for my dinner. The veggie pizza was great! They do a thin crust, white pizza with artichokes, broccoli(shredded), onions and small mushrooms. I really enjoyed this pie for two reasons. All the toppings are chopped small, so every bite has all the goodies! And second, it's amazing reheated in a hot oven the next day. Yum! Basically it's green and white! Go Spartans! Speaking of collage and this leads me to sports, they have at least 8 flat screen TVs broadcasting a variety of sporting events. Fun place! Our server was friendly and very attentive. Drinks where also replenished quickly. Overall a nice place to relax and enjoy some delicious food and tasty beverages!
3	I actually located Upper Crust by doing a search of the area on Yelp. Once I read the reviews and saw that they were like Grimaldi's, I knew had to give it a whirl. I got there like an hour before closing on a Sun night and they were very gracious hosts. They didn't force us out or make us feel rushed at all. I can't give more stars because I didnt try the pizza yet. We just had drinks and an appetizer. But the service is 5-stars for sure!
5	Love this place! They make their own cheese, everything is so fresh, great wine selection.  The service has been great every time. Reasonable prices and great happy hour also.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  My girls and I love coming here (close to home).  Andrew is our favorite waiter, he recognizes us, knows our favorites and treats us awesome!  We come back, always...and will continue!
5	We went here bout a month ago... Sat in bar. Order gf pizza n wings. Server was great. Cool personality talking w us n table next too.  Pizza was fabulous... Being gluten free that is huge bonus!!   Reminds me... Think we will revisit today!!  ;))
4	We love this pizza and wine bar.  Very, very good pizza with fresh quality toppings and homemade mozzarella.  Good wings and other appetizers.  Great selection of wine and beer.  All at a very inexpensive price unlike a lot of other wine bars.  The wait staff is always friendly and has good wine suggestions.  We like the patio seating and inside bar area.  Highly recommend this one!!!
5	So good!   We started with the spinach dip and super hot wings and they was a perfect start.  The dip was full of flavor and the soft bread triangles served with it were perfect!  The wings were excellent, they brought the heat, which was exactly what we wanted.  I had an antipasto salad and it was over the top fresh.  Love the fresh mozzarella!  We also had a sausage stromboli that was excellent.  We will be back!
4	Great Wings and Pizza
3	I had Grimaldi's pizza the night before and really hoped this could rival or beat it, as Upper Crust is a good 15-20 minutes closer to my place.  Definitely not bad (the cheese definitely tasted fresh), but the sauce seemed a little bland and the pepperoni seemed to be just the generic, thin sliced kind you can get pre-packed at any grocery store.  All this considered, the crust was so good it elevated the whole to a pretty decent pizza. I was on the cusp of giving the restaurant 4 stars, but I had to wait ten minutes beyond the time I was told the pizza would be ready.  I'd understand if the place was packed when I got there, but it wasn't.   All in all, I liked the pizza enough to give this place another shot sometime in the future.
4	Great Sauvignon Blanc and antipasta.
5	I LOVE the pizza here. So good. Thin crust, great sauce. Wish they had a 'little' better wine selection but otherwise I love this place. Had pizza and a house salad. The salad was yummy. Lots of stuff in it. All in all I would recommend this place for sure. It's not the greatest location but since it's been there for over three years now, looks like it's gonna make it.
1	This place is as much Italian as Pizza Hut.  Server was very nice but the food is bad.  They want $12.00 for a small Linguine "dinner" that includes nothing.   I asked for a side salad and I got a few pieces of lettuce in a bowl right out of the cooler for an additional $2.50.  I asked for bread and they do not have bread unless I want to order it off the appetizer menu.   WHAT REAL ITALIAN PLACE SERVES A MEAL WITHOUT BREAD!!  If you like Pizza Hut stye food this is the place for you.  I am staying far away.
3	I have been a fan of UC since the first time we met, but I believe things have changed.  The last several times I have been, the service is not what it used to be.  Most recently, I tried to book a party of 20 for THREE days. This is my sons favorite place to eat and he wanted to spend his 18th birthday here.  I cannot even get a return phone call or email. #iamdoneUPDATE- Been back a few times now.  Service has improved.  Food is still excellent.
5	Enjoyed Happy Hour here last night. The $3 house red was great, as were the bruschetta and small pizzas. Server was extremely busy but still personable and provided good service. It was a nice place to spend a Friday evening.
2	To start couldn't get seated because my whole party wasn't there even though there was an empty restaurant. Than three of the four people ordered beer and server said "Sorry to be a dick but can I check your guys ID" (Christopher was our server) Beers took forever to get to the table, overall horrible service! Food on the other hand was pretty good, love the fact that they use real mozzarella for there pizza.But our server rang in the wrong pizza than proceeded to blame it on the kitchen saying the kitchen is slammed and made the wrong pizza (again we where the only people in the restaurant) Stuffed Mushrooms where not the greatest thing, short on seasoning and bland. Would definitely not recommend this place...
5	I've been to upper crust twice. I love the pizza. They have a very thin but tasty crust. The pizza sauce is so flavorful and robust I love it. For a large 8 slice pizza it's a price you can't beat and way better than delivery from a big name place. If you like tirimasu give theirs a try for dessert. You get a huge slice that you can easily share with your date and it's delish!  The staff is kind and helpful. If you have small kids they will bring you some raw dough so they can shape and cook up with dinner.
4	The husband and I went here for dinner (after wanting to come here for years...literally since we tried them at the Yelp Pley date...whoa) on Friday night after a not so good happy hour somewhere else. We were pleasantly surprised by their amazing service...they were on top of their game, friendly, helpful, attentive. The place was SO busy! I couldn't believe it. Despite this, we were seated fairly quickly. The food was good, we split a 'personal' pizza and the appetizer meatballs. The meatballs are really good, very juicy, and topped with house made mozz... yummy. The pizza was thinner than I expected, but it was tasty...you know what made it better? Putting some of the meatball on it...so good. Here is the weirdest part....their pizza was even better as leftovers...seriously, microwaved leftovers....it got crunchier and just was awesome...that is a good thing to note since leftover pizza isn't always so good. I would definitely make the trip out here again.
5	Yum! Started with the spinach dip and it was delish. The crust on the pizza is awesome, as well as the meatballs! Caution-huge portions!! Plenty to share!
4	Both times I've been here I've had a good time.  The food is excellent, the atmosphere as well.One side caters to the breeding crowd, while they have a bar side which I've visited.  I've enjoyed bellying up to the bar and being greeted quickly by a bartender, even if they were busy helping someone else.The wings when I tried them were crispy!  It's a refreshing feeling to bite into the skin and feel the crunch yet find the meat is still tender.The pizza was delicious.  I recommend the buffalo chicken pizza.  It's got a blue cheese sauce to it that compliments it nicely.  Furthermore, their beer selection is large enough to make me happy, including a few micro brews around here that go well with the menu.I suggest if you find yourself on the north side of Phoenix to make the trip.  It's well worth it!
5	OMG! Their pizza is off the hook delicious.  Everything about it...perfection!  1st time here today and definitely not our last. Atmosphere is chill and relaxing.
5	I am so in love with the pizza here. I've had the Hawaiian and the BBQ Chicken pizzas so far and I totally loved both. I especially love the BBQ Chicken. The pizza has a very thin crust and is full of flavor so you can have more slices of pizza than you normally would. I ordered an 18" large recently for only $16.75. The restaurant was kinda dark inside, but it was a beautiful day anyway so I was already planning to eat at the patio. The patio had 3 tables and some lounge chairs and sofas. It isn't a huge patio area so I can see how it might be difficult to get a seat during dinner or perhaps lunch. I gotta thank my niece for introducing me to this place. I am so a fan now.
4	We've been back and are pleased with service and food.  One or two more good experiences will bring this rating up to 5 stars.
4	pricey and the service is hit or miss, however they do have great pizza and the place is great to watch the game when all my PACKER NATION bars around me are packed full !
5	One of the main reasons why we keep coming here is for the server Joe! The food is 5/5 stars for sure, but servers like Joe make the atmosphere enjoyable. His recommendations for wine, beer, and food have never led us astray! He is personable and a great server!
5	Great pizza and the meatballs are to die for. I ordered the salad which was gigantic btw, everything all around is great  here
5	Go for the pizza! All ingredients freshly made in house. I love this restaurant. It is always nice and clean (even the bathrooms). Great for families because they have an entire seating area with booths that is separate from the bar. The best way to enjoy Upper Crust is outside on the patio; on there huge cushioned patio couches, relaxing in the shade of over-sized umbrellas, with a bottle of chilled wine. Oh yeah, if you thought it couldn't get any better... IT'S A WINE BAR. I do not know who categorized it as a sports bar, but I guess any bar with more than five tv's has to be a sports bar. The full title on the sign outside the place it Upper Crust Pizza and Wine Bar
3	First rated when I was new to Yelp. Four stars is now only reserved for places that I deem deserve them. All comments previously posted are still valid, it's just my star ratings have now been adjusted.
4	Amazing pizza. Cute little wine, pizza place  in the middle of chains. We only had take out so that is our reason for 4 stars. Next time we will dine in!
5	Solid pizza and great specials.  How can you beat that.  The beer upsale for $1 is worth its weight in beer.
5	Best pizza in the valley!  They make everything in house - the crust, the sauce, even the cheese!  We usually start with the Mediterranean Salad which has crisp lettuce, feta cheese crumbles, black olives in a really light vinaigrette - it's huge and so good!  Then we always get a large pepperoni and onion pizza - so good we haven't been able to try anything else.  Go try it!  You won't be disappointed.
1	This place serves disgusting food at a high price.  There is also a creepy, male-dominated atmosphere that I find offensive.  The waitresses seem cowed.  Their "meat" sauce and "meat" balls contain pork, but the menu doesn't mention that.  If you get chicken with your pasta, it will be served as a whole breast that is cut into thick strips and placed on top of the pasta.  The chicken looks and tastes nasty and old.  I almost thought I was eating a chicken tumor, rather than an actual breast.  I imagine the Upper Crust head chef picking out the tumor at the market, throwing it in his backpack, and then riding to work on his bicycle before preparing it for me.I asked for some basil to lighten up the very heavy flavor of the tomato-cream linguini.  They gave me some and charged me a buck.  When I am paying $25 for some noodles, cheap sauce, and a tumor, I think they should give me the basil for free.  The fact that I asked for the basil indicates that the food isn't very good, and they should care about that.Sorry, Upper Crust, but I will be stepping out and paying you no heed in the future.
3	I unfortunately have to downgrade my previous review.  My big complaint was that picking up the pizza to go was a big hassle.  You must pick up the pizza at the bar which is usually very crowded.  It was an annoyance, but tonight was the last straw.  The bar was completely full on a Thursday night around 7. I squeeze in by a little hallways that leads to the kitchen, people constantly squeezing by me.  I get handed just the check, no book or anything. I hand my card over which gets passed to the bartender to run.  He hands me my card back along with my copy and the store copy to sign.  No book to sign on, no space on the bar.  Myself along with another lady had to literally sign the paper on our hand.  I even mentioned that this was a terrible system to pick up food.  I got a reply that they only did it at the bar when it wasn't busy.  The place seemed pretty busy to me though.  I thought they built an area by the front to pick up orders, however I have never seen it used.  I guess it's too much hassle for them to walk to the back to get my check and pizza for me?
5	Upper crust has great pizza and wings. Also take out and just the same when you get it home ;) wish they delivered !
1	The food is legit, don't get me wrong, but we sat outside and asked what the happy hour specials were. Our server listed them off and then said he would be back with our waters. We put our order together and waited for him to come back. And waited. And waited. After 2 cigarettes, we figured he didn't want our money and left. As we left, he was standing at the bar hanging out with the other staff. We came in prepared to spend money. Oh well.
1	I just moved into the area and I ve tried the food a few times and it's great no complaints at all about the food. Just one teenie winnie problem. .. EVERYONE that works here besides one kinda shorter white guy.. felt bad to say everyone for one second. Anywho everyone is just miserable and assholes for some reason it's awful and who I really feel bad for is the owner bc I'm sure he's loosing so much money bc of this awful staff bc his foods good sadly and I'm n hospitality and my fiance is a chef at the boulders and our dream would be to own a restaurant and we would know how to treat our guests so it's all sad. So I would get it to go they make u feel like ur bothering them being there and it's so awkward when ur the one kissing ass and being pleasant.  No personality and ruin an outing so good luck owner..
5	We've been here quite a few times and its always been great pizza.  They make everything in house, fresh cheese, fresh sauce and fresh crust...oh the crust!  In my opinion its the crust that will set you above all others, and this crust is fantastic.  Try to go on Tuesday for the special $10 one topping large pizza, we usually get pepperoni and its not greasy like most pizza places.
3	Great pizza place. Came here for a celebratory dinner and drink and requested to sit on the patio so I could watch the sunset. All was great until a group of older men began hitting on me, sitting at my table, smoking asking to buy me a drink etc. Though I politely declined they were extremely persistent to the point where another table when inside to bring the issue to my waitresses attention. They were asked to leave and the manager came out and personally apologized for their conduct, which I thought was very sweet. The pizza was perfect, the sauce wasn't too sweet and then have gluten free options! I ordered a small Gluten Free Buffalo Chicken pizza and was not disappointed. It wasn't too spicy and hot as some buffalo pizza's can be, the blue cheese that gets melted on top was a great compliment to the buffalo sauce. I ordered dessert and had the Monster Mud Pie. It was a little frozen so I had to wait a bit for it to melt, which wasn't very long in the AZ sun the wine pairing I had with it, Los Vascos, completed the whole experience.I will definitely be back again.
5	We were just visiting AZ and staying at a near by resort. A lady at the pool told my wife that we had to go to Upper Crust to try their Pizza as it was the best in Arizona!  With that being said, we went.  Service was okay, however the food was great. The small salad was enough for 3 people. We enjoyed it so much we wanted to go back a second time.  Honestly the best pizza I have ever had!  Prices were excellent!
4	This is a pretty cool little pizza place to come have a beer and watch a game in the bar room on one of their many flat screen TVs. They have a good happy hour 3-7. Their pizza is ok. The boneless wings are pretty bad. Nothing you would find at a Buffalo Wild Wings. The rest of the food is pretty good tho
3	We went there this evening, and to address the service problem our experience was very positive. Excellent service and we were happy to tell the owners. Now for the food ....well it is really not that special! My husband had pizza. He complained that there was too much sauce and ( it looked almost burned to me)that aside, he enjoyed it. I had Stromboli. The crust was soggy and disappointing and the marinara sauce was bland and watery. I am sure that most customers enjoy the pepperoni but for my taste it was way too spicy. The wine and beer were excellent. I have left the best for last...the wings were wonderful, crispy and saucy. They definitely rank right up there with the best and we have eaten wings all over town!  So go for wings and a beer.....that's what I will do next time.
5	My favorite pizza place in n phx.  Great atmosphere and the food is spectacular!   You won't be disappointed.
1	Walked in, awkwardly sat myself after no one greeted me. Waitress came and took my order (a beer), and then I sat there for about 15 minutes watching her serve everyone around me. Finally just walked out. Not sure if anyone even noticed. So, yeah...that happened.
2	Review is for Lunch only.  We've had dinner here and regularly been pleased.  But the last 2 times for lunch, there have been order mishandling and errors that I'll spare the details of here.  The reason for 2 stars is that both times, management attitude has been policy over customer satisfaction.  I'm truly easy going, maybe that's the problem.   But each time I've talked to a manager, I've ended up paying full bill and walking out the door dissatisfied.AVOID lunch!  Enjoy dinner here.
4	Tucked into the shopping complex this location can be easy to miss if you aren't looking for it. We ventured over here since it was close to our place at the time and we were hoping for good eats close by. The inside has a definite New York style feel to it when you go it. We were seated right away and had our drinks quickly.The menu is a variety of what you'd expect from any Italian eatery - pizza, pasta, calzones, etc. The food was tasty and the ambiance is nice if you are looking for a good date night spot. They offer a variety of weekly specials, so check it out to see what may be happening when you go.Overall: AGood eats, easy going vibe and nice staff.
1	Stuffed mushrooms? With what? Fried mozzarella? If you like 5 pounds of cheese.  Garlic pepperoni pizza. We'll lets jut say I won't be hunted by vampires any time soon.  It was hard to take and we love garlic.  The server was nice but Un-attentive.  My boyfriend never got a 2nd beer and was never asked if he wanted one. I had to give him the rest of my Moscow mule.  By the way the Moscow nuke was delicious.  I guess kudos to the bar tender.
5	Just wanted to add that over three years later, the pizza is still amazing.  We ventured outside of pizza and ordered the calzone, which is also quite tasty, and sometimes order the mediterranean salad to go with the pizza or calzone, which I am now addicted to.  The stuffed mushrooms and wings are also noteworthy.  To top it off the service is always consistently great.
5	Great place for an after work drink and appetizers. Went Wednesday night for 1/2 bottle night. Try the meatballs and fried mozzarella, it's the best in town.
5	My review is on the take out service. I have not dined in yet. I always crave this pizza. It is the best in the area, hands down. Great togo service. The lady even asked me if I wanted plates. I think she read my mind! (I was low on plates and just ran the dishwasher) great little place. Keep it up
1	Great pizza but the service is horrible had to wait 20 mins after my stated early delivery time and they acted like it was no big deal. Great pizza and wings service is poor
5	The best well planned mistake I have ever made! I am always looking for a new place to try and I am glad I tried The Upper Crust. A couple months ago my frugality guided me to their website where I found a coupon that was remarkably good. I ordered wings (the honey-hot were delicious) and a pizza (their crust and cheese is remarkable) over the phone. I presented my coupon to the staff when I arrived and they happily accepted it along with my credit card. The staff looked at the printed coupon and slipped into the back for several minutes. When they returned, I was informed that the coupon was posted in error as it was not supposed to be for such a high discount. Fortunately, as my scowl was surely peeking through my normally pleasant demeanor, she surprised me with her professionalism and noted that it was their mistake and they honored it anyway! I wanted to share this simple gesture of integrity that so many small restaurant lack. Keep up the good work!
5	I have been here 4x and always had a great experience. Everyone I take loves the pizza. The staff is courteous and efficient and always gets the orders right. I love how you can choose family dining or the bar or the patio, 3 different atmospheres for whatever your mood is. Prices are good for the high quality pizza and happy hour has some really good deals. It's become my go-to pizza place.
4	Went here for the first time and it's decent. Unfortunately we started with the Focaccia Bread... It was bland at best. When I asked if we could get a side of marinara our server told us it would be $1.25 extra... I told her to go ahead and charge us. Otherwise there was no way I'd have eaten it. My advice would be to try something else as an appetizer unless they start serving it with the marinara or seasoned olive oil... something with more flavor. We ordered the BBQ Chicken Pizza and it was pretty good. The pizza crust is thin and crispy. The BBQ sauce had good flavor. There could have been a little more chicken on the pizza. For dessert I tried the Tiramisu. It was very good. One of the better I've had in a while. Overall, they're a solid 3 to 3.5 stars, but our server Miranda pushes it up to 4 stars. She was friendly and attentive all evening. There were 8 of us and no one ever had to wait long for anything. A big thanks to her.
4	Picked up two large pizzas last weekend.  Was shocked on how big these pizzas are.  Four hungry adults couldn't eat it all.  Also amazed by how many TVs are in the restaurant.  Will be dinning in soon to watch some football and eat some great pizza.
4	This place is usually pretty good. Nice beer selection. Food is pretty good . Not too fancy but definitely good
1	We normally love this place. We saw a roach in the bathroom and when we asked to speak to the manager the waitress said: "we don't really have a manager" This is my last time coming here. - former regulars.
2	I'm very disappointed.   I've been sitting at the bar for 10 minutes and I've yet to be greeted. They have a high top with 6 guests and another with 8. They have 9 other total guests managed by a wait staff of 3.  The food here is actually pretty good but I'm completely underwhelmed by the serviceOk, my pizza arrived and I've done my best.  Way way under cooked.  Yuk. Raw pizza is a bad thing.  Stand by for a cost/ price evaluation
3	I'm compelled to write this after having dinner here last night.  I ordered the house blend but was informed they were out. I said ok let me have 2 glasses of wine X. On my second glass they came back and said they were out of that wine also. I said ok give me what you have of the Pino Nior.  Now the problem I am having is that the bill comes with prices for wine that I had no intention of purchasing when I arrived. I asked if they could adjust the bill downward a little to offset the cost a bit.   I was informed that they would check and returned telling us that there was nothing that could be done. This is where I have a problem.  There was no possibility of taking anything off the price or as I suggested was to give it to us at the price of what they ran out of?  This apparently @ 830 pm new years eve half hour before closing was to much to ask for. Paying $72 + tip for a pizza, salad and a few glasses of wine is excessive for me and my wife. Pizza was good. Just can't handle the nothing I can do for you..  In this day and age, there is always something that can be done to get your customers to return. Now not so sure. Arena's would have taken something off the bill. Call me picky.
