4	I kinda miss the funk-y-ness of the old Aladdin hotel, it was different and pretty neat. The Miracle Mile is a shopping center in the new Planet Hollywood hotel that isn't really full of Miracles. And I don't know if it really is a mile, or even how they might measure that (do you measure each side the concourse count? Or is it an overal measurement? What about square feet?). But it does have booze. And Music. And it still has that aladdin facade, complete with the bow of a ship. And it IS a Miracle that there are shops in vegas that arn't horribly tacky, that an average poor person like me can afford.
4	The faux cobblestone floors in this bad boy are being replaced with super slippery tiles (gray and black). Upside? You can see up people's skirts in the reflection. Downside? Forget about traction when you walk in. I wore some flip flops and walked in the entrance near Sephora, nearly fell flat on my ass, and was told by the Sephora security guard that happens daily. So be careful, wear sneakers, and take a strong person with a good sense of balance along with you.Lots of decent shopping with some crazy stores thrown in. A little disorienting when you're walking thru, because it's shaped in kind of a circle. I think I walked thru about 10 times trying to find the restrooms. Oh, the restrooms are nice, and have private little stalls. Good potty break area. Lots of good restaurants.
3	I was drawn inside by the Urban Outfitters, but didn't check out any of the other stores due to painful kitten heels and a long walk from my hotel.  Most of the stores I did see looked affordable, so my guess is this would be one of the best places on the strip to shop for people who aren't ridiculously rich.
2	I liked this place better when it was the desert passage. The stores here are just your typical mall-type stores so it's not as exciting. When I think of miracle mile, i think of chicago. This certainly isn't Chicago's miracle mile....
3	Decent collection of regular mall shops and affordable restaurants. I just love that Sephora is right there so if you need a new lipstick or lashes for your night out, you can pick them up here. Also, if you're like me and never want to wear the clothes you bring, you can always hit one of the shops and buy a new top! There's also a super cute Bettie Paige store where you can pick up some vampy heels and cute-sexy lingerie. Yes, like Vanilla P. said, the floors are slippery (hello, this is Vegas where ladies and some gents like to wear heels daily).
4	Now here's a place I can AFFORD to buy things.  It's like every other mall, except that it's in Las Vegas.  The Bettie Page store here is really effin' cool though.  This is for all the people who aren't high rollers with a ton of dough to spend.  I like it a lot.
4	We did a lot of "shopping" (read: browsing) in Las Vegas.  Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile was the only place we thought about actually buying anything.  As we joked, the Miracle was that it was the only place with shirts under a couple hundred dollars.  This Mile is much more accessible than say, the stores at Caesar's Palace, which were fun to look at, but unreasonably expensive.
4	I'd really have to say 3.5 stars, but compared to other shopping areas on the Strip, this is my favorite.  I actually didn't do a ton of buying this past weekend, but lots of window shopping and a little browsing.  I just really like the atmosphere in here.  It has that cool fake-sky ceiling thing going on but isn't packed so tight you can't walk (like the Forum Shops at Caeser's -- what a madhouse).A nice variety of options, some you can find in a regular mall and some you can't.  They've got an ABC store and Hilo Hattie here too if you need a Hawaiian fix.  I just enjoy spending time in this "mall" overall.  It definitely still feels like you're on vacation and not just shopping at home.  It even "rains" in here every hour or half hour.
3	Well, it is a regular mall with regular stores, however it was my first time in a Clinique store, since when did they have their own store?! Only in Vegas, I suppose. It has a nice facade, big silver and round button-like decor, very shiny, very Vegas-Hollywood, after all, it is next to Planet Hollywood Hotel.Overall 3.5 stars since I found what I was looking for, to heal my chapped lips. FYI Saw the billboard that H&M opened their doors in this mall last Thurs, Oct 4.
5	Favorite mall in Vegas, although it's gonna have stiff competition from that new thing on the South end. Got some shoes at Baker, some earrings at H&M, some undies at Victoria's Secret, some shoes and a vest at Urban Outfitters on clearance, and almost bought a purse at Benetton. The only place I can come on the strip and actually buy anything. It feels nice to walk out of a mall in Vegas with bags in hand.The new shops are nicer than when it was the Aladdin. It's trying less hard to be a mini Forum Shops now. The new facade is hip, and the shops are right up my alley.
4	After seeing the outside of Miracle Mile, I was very curious to go in and check out just how miraculous this mile of shops was.  The parking lot is pretty big and runs for about 10 floors.  Pretty useful because they have both escalators and elevators.  The elevators take forever, so I would suggest the escalators, and you can get to the mall main entrance in about a minute.After walking around the Miracle Mile shops for about 2 minutes, I knew that it looked very very familiar.  And then I remembered, it used to be the Aladdin! Wow, good thing they remodeled it.  It looks much better than when it used to, and there are shops that I actually want to go into.  I liked Miracle Mile because it's decorated nicely, and not trying to be super nice like the Forum Shops or at Bellagio.  Also, there are stores that people actually shop at on a daily basis - Victoria's secret, H&M, etc.  They've got some bars in the middle of the mall.Overall, cool mall and much better than before.
4	I spent about 2 hours in here trying to kill some time before my flight. I remember the ph hotel when it used to be the Aladdin Hotel and the Desert Passage shops. It looks much better now. If you have the time, it's a great mall to browse and find bargains and stores that aren't in main stream malls. There were things that looked like a Benetton and also a Sisley outlet which had great bargains. They had your usual Bed Bath Beyond, Victoria's Secret, Gap, Urban Outfitters, but they also had Frederick's of Hollywood, Nestle Toll House cookie shop (never seen one before, was like a Mrs. Field's, but not). And as your are walking around, there is always a casino entrance so if your sig other gets annoyed, you can continue shopping as they go gamble or something.
3	I don't really care to walk a mile for that many things. Especially when I am not in exercise mode and I'm wearing cute shoes. So, that being said, I was not super impressed with the Miracle Mile Mall that I had to walk through just to get to my hotel (Planet Hollywood). In fact, it got real old, real fast.Maybe because I live in the Bay Area where we have access to just about everything; I did not find that much to get excited about here. I saw a lot of folks from the midwest who seemed to not be able to get enough of this place. Well, that makes sense. But, we have most of the shops that were there here, so it didn't seem like that big of a deal to me.I did enjoy their restaurant area as I get sucked right into that "you're indoors but doesn't it seem like your outdoors now?" mode of decor. You know, I'm the sucker for the outdoor patio dining, evening if it's really indoors! Gosh, that probably says something about me that even I haven't  figured out yet.And we all loved and enjoyed our visits to Fat Tuesdays but that is only because we were in Vegas for the weekend and if you aren't consuming some type of alcoholic beverage by 9 in the morning then there is probably something wrong with you and why did you come here anyway?I did not enjoy the constant harassment by the multitude of kiosk employees. That was annoying on day one and unbearable by day four. However, they were always good natured even though I can't make that same claim for myself.
4	I like this mall because I can afford the prices and selection for the guys is cool too.  Urban Outfitters, H&M, MetroPark, Aldo, blah blah....I know these stores are found in every city but still it's my fav place to shop.  I like knowing that the things I buy here will not look odd back in my city since Vegas designer clothes tend to only work in Vegas....Oh yeah I like that cookie shop here too. lmao
4	Very cool with what Miracle Mile did with the Desert Passage shops. Stores are still the same, but the atmosphere is different. Very chic. Very nice. :)Lots of great places to get new outfits if you run out of stuff to wear or if you need shoes to hit the clubs to look cute, too.And an ABC Store! It brought me back to those memories of Hawaii. Aloha Las Vegas! :)
3	Nowhere else can you get Nars blush and a French Connection sweater at midnight, all while consuming a behemoth of a margarita without interruption. And a beer. And some gelato. I love you, Las Vegas.
5	Very cool mall, just walked in off the strip, did not plan to shop any more. It's nice to just walk around and look too. Lots of places to eat inside. You can almost get lost in here! This is where I bought my little Vegas shot glasses, t-shirts, etc. Some stores are expensive, some are regular mall stores, really cool atmosphere, feels like you are outside. They had a magic show in the middle that people just stood around and watched.  Once you go in it's hard to find your way out so you have to back track, LOL
4	I didnt find a review thing for V the show. So i will review it here. The show is good. We got free tickets, i forgot how. I think through some timeshare. The show is funny. Maybe a little inappropriate for kids 10 and under. other than that it was good. And hilarious.
3	I'm so glad they have an H&M and FCUK here.Although the H&M here isn't as great as the one in San Francisco, i still think that their taking a good step forward to bring affordable and stylish clothes everywhere!And fortunately FCUK was having a up to 75% sale where my mom and I fished some good stuff.We didn't have time to look around the shops on the outside but I would have loved to look around at UO also!
2	It's just a normal mall... nothing special.  The only semi cool thing they have there is this "storm" that happens once an hour and makes it seem like it's raining in the mall.    Oh plus it's airconditioned which is why we were there.
3	What a difference from when this used to be part of the Aladdin Resort.  Gone is the 'sky' ceiling and the 'stone' covered walkways.  Instead, it's pretty cold looking.  White walls and ceilings.  Marble tiled floors in plain black.  Mostly the same stores as before (Gap, Sephora, Max Studio).  Added H&M, Urban Outfitters, and some other specialty boutiques.  All in all, it's just a mall.  Though it's much brighter now, I liked it better before when it was more themed.  It didn't compare to the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, but it was a simpler wanna-be.  Now it's just a simple mall, nothing much that raises it above any other mall.Oh - and I don't like being hassled by the folks trying to sign me up for things right as I walk through the door.  They're worse than car salesmen.  We walked in and first thing they did was step in front of us and asked "where are you staying?"  Uh, number one, who the hell are you?  Number two, we're not going to answer that.  It was just plain rude.  So, watch out for these people - they cover all the entrances to the mall from the strip.  They try to get you as you're walking out too.
3	It's a regular mall that is hooked up to the casino. Regular stores that you will find in your hometown.I can't complain though because I needed a new dress to party in one night, stopped by Bebe and picked up some pieces. I freakin' got lost in here too. I couldn't find my damn way out!! But that's what Vegas is known to do anyway...
4	This place is a regular mall, but that's what's good about it. I forgot to pack shorts, but was able to find an adorable mini skirt for twelve bucks. I found clothes that I could find at any mall in Chicago, but as a tourist I loved the cheaper tax.
3	Not too bad if you have time to kill early in the afternoon.  I liked their Metropark.  For some reason they were advertising H&M pretty strongly outside but once you actually see the store, it's not all that.
2	Pretty generic compared to the Forum Shoppes and Fashion show and certainly more pricey than the outlets......we have malls better than this in my home town of Toledo.  While I dig the pseudo-sky that used to be Aladdin's, I'm not quite sure why this place LACKS a planet hollyywood, yet there is  planet hollywood in some of the other malls.  Its going to take some work for this place to reach the level of any of the myriad Vegas shopping options....but I likely won't be back.
3	Uhhhh, not a mile long... not even close. However even though it's not a mile long, it's really easy to get LOST in the funky shaped U thing they have going on... it took a map, 3 gals and 15 minutes to find H&M in this place.Regular ole mall...kinda like any which one you'd have at home. But it worked to kill some time walking around on a slow evening after dinner. Of course I managed to find something to buy, I always do!!
1	This place is gross.  Crossing the street from the bellagio, walking through Planet Hollywood, walking through this disgusting strip mall.... I felt like I needed to disinfect myself from STD's and unknown venereal diseases - I blame the neon strobe lights through PH and the "party promoters" handing out strip club coupons in the street.  Stay away, nothing good to see here.
3	With all the shopping options, Miracle Mile next to Planet Hollywood is mediocre.A lot of the shops are small businesses, but you can also find some chains such as H&M, Sephora,..etc.Overall I would choose other shopping destinations first, but this place is conveniently smack down in the middle of the strip across the Bellagio.
3	I actually don't mind the Miracle Mile. Although if you're a clotheshorse, you probably won't like it as much as the Forum, but I like it cuz it has Sur La Table and Sephora in there! Of course if you're staying at Planet Hollywood, it just makes sense to go walk around here since it's attached to the casino area.You can still see the remnants of the old Desert Passage when the hotel was Alladin in the shopping are with its Mediterranean motif in the architecture.
4	I'm a huge fan of Miracle Mile shops because I really enjoyed my childhood memories here when this place was not Planet Hollywood but was Aladdin instead. I remember lots of memorable decor and things that were in the miracle mile especially the thunderstorm show.Recently, due to the PH acquisition, Miracle Mile has updated its shops and I find it to be a pretty pleasant experience if you're looking for your normal average shops plus some lower class ones that sell the expensive souvenirs which cost less than a dollar to make.Overall, nice atmosphere and I always have an enjoyable time here.
4	i really didnt expect this much from THIS mall. it didnt look like much from the outside, but i was pleasantly surprised. the design of the palce is pretty cool. this probably isnt the best shopping considering all the shopping options in vegas. i would say this is a better shopping option for the younger generation. its also conveniently located right on the strip. right across the street from bellagio and connects to the planet hollywood casino. you can just walk down from your hotel room if youre staying in planet hollywood. they a lot of the popular stores like H&M, footlocker, champs, urban outfitters, etc. also a lot of good eats like oyster bay, ocean one, and blondies.its also a good hangout for watching basketball games haha. they have a circular bar right in the middle of the mall with 4 plasmas. the LA FAKERS and celtics were playing on christmas day, a large crowd just hung around there and cheered loudly for their team, cool vibe
3	The Miracle Mile isn't much of a "miracle" as it is a mall trying to be the Venetian shops. Compared to the rest of the casinos in the area I would rate The Miracle Mile about 5th out of 10 though. They do have better and more affordable shops and the carts are well priced as well, plus they do have 180 Octane slushy.... it's 180 proof slushy goodness..... Check out the restaurants they're pretty good, but be weary of the italian place, I had a nasty run in with the lasagna. But do try the Brazilian all you can eat meat! And yes the girls in the bikinis squirting people in the front are part of the miracle mile and yes it bumps it up a half a star, but that's all! Just half...Enjoy.
3	This place is great....but I kept getting lost, I have no idea if this place is in a loop or a figure eight or what the hell but its totally confusing!  great shops, needs better dining options for sure.this place is great if you are already on the strip, but if not I would recommend Town Square instead.5 Stars to the Valets!!!  Such gentlemen and so helpful!
3	Affordable prices? Yes.  Wow, On the strip, you can actually find places that sell drinks for reasonable prices and you can shop at old favorites like Foot Locker (I needed shoes for my sore feet) and get your coffee at Starbucks.  Sin City Brewing is inside as well, and overall this isn't a bad place at all.
3	Its an okay mall.  If you're wanting do to shopping on a budget, then this is the place.  However if you're looking for more high end shopping or looking for unique stores that are only in Vegas, then skip it.  My two favorite stores here are David Z NYC and Parallel. Everything else is somewhere on the strip or back home. Unlike other malls on the strip, this one is a simple loop around.
3	It's just like a mall, but it has a casino next to it! I like how you can get your last minute shopping done, like if you need to find some clothes to wear to go out.  They also have a cool water fountain show next to the V theater that goes off, like a miniature Bellagio fountain. hehe
4	I maintained my buzz while shopping with my wife.Solid 4 stars.
4	I acutally like this place.  There was a store I've never seen  called David Z's that I liked.  This place is pretty nice.  We walked around and drank daiquiri's.  What more can you ask for?
4	I've had to run into this mall on several Vegas trips b/c I forgot this and that - I can always find what I'm looking for! It may not have upscale shops like Wynn or Caesars, but it gets the job done when I need underwear, medicine, band-aids, eyeliner, coffee, cheesy souvenirs for the family, a new purse, cheap bottles of water, etc. So glad it's connected to one of my fave hotels, Planet Hollywood!
4	I like this place . It kind of reminds me of SF . SF has almost all the stores they have here . I like that it is an indoor mall with a really cool looking sky ceiling on top . You'll know what I'm talking about when you see it . I love the decor of the place .. it's very soothing . It's a nice break from all the wild things in Vegas .
4	Somehow I always manage a visit to the Miracle Mile at every Vegas visit.  This trip was no different - except this was a much better experience than last time.  No more people hassling us right at the door.  Still love the shops and the dozens of restaurants.  So many stores to look through - love the big SALE signs.  Another place to get some early gifts for the holidays, and of course, a little something for me.
2	One gigantic circle of a mall. This place has a mish mash of stores, organized in no logical manner. You have to walk past the crappy stores that sell Las Vegas tourist stuff in order to get to what you want. The kiosk vendors are quite aggressive (is it the economy or what?). I think it's hilarious that people gather to watch the "rain show." People, have we never seen rain fall from the sky before?? The Not-So Miracle Mile shops are not good for someone like me who shops with a list. If you like to wander and browse, this place might be better for you.
3	Tons of shops food and places to sit and drink...Miracle Mile I walked all over you in the previous nights club ware and no one gave me a second glance...that is why I love Vegas...I also love miracle mile for having and Urban Outfitters at the end right across from Sephora...Definitely come here for some shopping...nothing that amazing really it is kind of packed with Douche Bag stores and Douchebag Brand knock off stores...but theres some good here and there...and there is a lot of places to stope and eat or drink or both whatever floatrs your boat. Check it out...it wont take that much time and you'll enjoy the walk. Just remember you are inside though...if you are drinking and walk through the center with the sky painted on the ceiling...you may feel disoriented...at least I did.
4	Great shopping area in Vegas! I think I visited the Miracle Mile at least 4 times during my 2.5 day stay in LV, which is saying a lot. The shops I visited there were Urban Outfitters (got my sis a Christmas gift), H&M (good basic tank tops & huge hair barrettes), Sunglass Hut (bought some new Ray Ban Wayfarers, yay!), Lucky Brand (oggled all the gorgeous clothes), and ABC stores (which has great cheap snacks, drinks & goods, unlike the Excalibur convenience store where I paid $13 for a 3oz tube of sunblock that I don't even like, COMEON). It's also a nice place to just sit & people watch. Lots of crazies come through there. Then again, it's Vegas, there are nutty looking people everywhere. But this is a nice AIR CONDITIONED venue in which to people watch. I recommend visiting! It's in the Planet Hollywood hotel & casino, or next to it. Whatever.
4	Loads of different kinds of shops, places to eat/drink, great place to wander around and people watch. First time coming here (I usually go to the Cesar's one) and being a shoppaholic, it was all very appealing. Like clockwork, I ended up spending too much money, but went in just about every store. Great deals the weekend I went there. And dangerous because we were staying at the Planey Hollywood hotel... Oh, and I like how it's a circle too. Never get lost! :)
3	This mall isn't as aesthetically pleasing as The Forum shops, but it had way more shops that I could afford things from. A lot more food choices as well. You can access Planet Hollywood Casino from here as well, which I guess would be nice for their hotel guests. One nice thing was the ABC (general market) store, which is cheaper than trying to buy anything from your hotel shop that you may have forgotten at home.We didn't get to see the rain show, we'll definitely have to check that out next time. Oh and the Halo bar will rip you off, so just get a drink somewhere else, you'll be better off.Decent place to get some Vegas shopping done.
4	I think it's pretty much a standard mall, but in Vegas that may be a good thing. Everywhere else is nice for window shopping like at Ceasar's Forum shops and the Wynn, but my middle class ass cannot afford Manolo's, Chanel, or Gucci. Miracle Mile has your staples: Sephora, Urban Outfitters, BCBG, White House Black Market, Sur La Table, and all of the "normal" stores. I guess Vegas is the epitome of excess, but if you're from So Cal like me and Vegas is a hop skip and jump away and you don't gamble too much, nice place to walk around and seek some refuge from the heat.
3	3.5 stars. Decided to do some tourist stuff so we went shopping for a bit. I had a better time here then at the Cesar's shops, I could actually afford stuff here. Checked out a lot of stores, it wasn't that bad crowd wise and it every store we went to the service was consistently friendly. Great place to spend a couple hundred bucks.
3	Nothing great here unless you're going for average style shopping. All I can remember is an H&M, a store that sold Ed Hardy goods, and some random private boutiques that didn't sell all that much.I would much rather choose Caesar Forum Shops or Palazzo Shops. If you want to shop somewhere with a lot of variety, then you might as well head to the mall!
4	Good selection. Enjoyed walking around here while the rest of our group was off golfing.
4	The Miracle Mile shops are centrally located on the Vegas Strip adjacent to Planet Hollywood.  They're not as fancy as The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace but serve the basic needs of the everyday consumer within a mile stretch with 140 stores, 14 restaurants, a bar, casino, and themed shows throughout - a laser light show, a simulated thunderstorm, and a fountain show.  We walked the whole length of it and enjoyed watching the customer service on wheels.  If you're looking for something, you don't have to hunt down a directory or guest services, customer service was almost everywhere you needed it to be which was pretty neat.The Miracle Mile shops are an affordable alternative in Vegas when you've gambled away your last dollar.  It has a semi Moroccan theme with a painted sky and the hourly shows are great to watch.  Since it's indoors, you can escape the elements since it's usually either hot or cold in Vegas and never in between.
3	Pretty impressive mall with a nice theme, but I think the Forum Shops and Canal Shoppes are probably nicer.Still, the fountain was pretty cool and has shows every hour at the top of the hour. Two songs with water lit up by colored lights, but after seeing the Bellagio water fountain show, this is pretty boring. Anti-climatic, in fact.A little further down there's a sort of pond or something with thunderstorms every half hour. Also anti-climatic. The rain is barely rain. It's more like sprinkling. I guess it's rain for Las Vegas...Didn't get to see the laser light show, but after those other two...I'm guessing it would be anti-climatic as well?
3	Just like any other mall this place has a lot of shops and good variety of food and clothing shops. I like that the mall has themes and the sky ceiling makes it seem like you're outside. Also, all throughout the mall, there are light, water, etc. shows to keep you entertained. If you want to go shopping while being on strip, then Miracle Mile might be a great option. Another option would be Fashion Show Mall just down the strip.
4	I'm sad I just didn't stay at PH instead of the Venetian. The Miracle Mile shops were classy and affordable! Sorry, I can't afford Gucci clothing. They did have a Herve Leger shop though so I did take a moment to drool over the gorgeous dresses there! Wanted one so bad! O well.... :(Shopping here was way better than the Canal shops, and less crowded. Very clean and more stores than Canal Shops. Also, canal had a lot of random stores that sold junk, not here. I enjoyed Max Studio, Guess by Marciano and also got some great Aveda hair products and Clinique. Classy place to shop! O, and stop by Cheeseburger for lunch!
3	If you can't afford Gucci, Prada, and Louis Vutton, then the Miracle Mile is your best alternative.  You may not find something unique, but chances are you'll find that cheap girly girl dress.  My captain obvious statement: It's a Westgate.  It's a Mall, like any other mall you may find at home. Complete with a Gap, H&M, Urban Outfitters, I was a little underwhelmed. The Miracle Mile is great for those who have lost their luggage or did not pack right.  Only suggestion: I wish they would have more Las Vegas stores.  You know, the stores where ladies of the night shop.  I am just saying...if I need a banging dress..I need a banging dress.
4	This was a pretty good shopping center It's not like a couple of the others (Caesar's, City Center) where you go in and go, "Oh, nice" but can't afford even a sock in one of the stores. They have some shops to browse in and some nice places to just sit and relax. Can't be beat!
4	I really love the Miracle Mile.  While not as luxurious as the forum shops or the shops at the city center across the street, Miracle Mile is a bit more accessible as far as the shops they offer. Instead of the totally unreachable stores that have nothing under $1K in them, these shops boast a Sephora (looooove!), Sugar Factory (sweets) and lots of shoe stores (a girl's dream)!  I really enjoyed shopping here.  It is easier to navigate than the forum shops and a bit brighter.  If you are staying at Planet Hollywood it is a perfect spot to walk and get a coffee and get away from the casino floor.
4	A regular mall on the strip connected to a casino, nice. When in Vegas I come here to pick up pre-fade bottles at one of their gift shops. Forget the name. I also swing by here if i'm not satisfied with the clothes I brought and want something new to rock that night.  I also pick a crown with diet coke at one of them places in here that sells them huge frozen margaritas to sip on while I walk around.
3	Cool stores!
4	Always love coming here at least once for each Vegas visit.  The stores are great and various...something for just about anyone.  Restaurants are great too...fast food, sports bars or fancier ones are all around.Plus, the shops are right next to the casino, so I can go roll some dice while the wife spends my money :)
3	It's amazing how many times I have checked this mall out and I still bust the same maneuver. Took two laps here on accident looking for the Champs and Pink's hot dogs. Really didn't mind because on this journey I also picked up a refreshing lil summa sum at Fat Tuesday. Nephew tried out the original Pink's earlier in the week and was excited to try this place out. I do remember that this mall goes in a circle with one little corner that can lead you to the Champs and Pink's. Well we missed that little turn of a corner and walked the mall twice maybe even thrice. It's all good. Chillin with the fam made this a Vegas vacation like no other.
3	Miracle Mile is your typical everytown USA mall. You'll find alot of the same stores in here that you see elsewhere. There's nothing wrong with the mall though... it's actually pretty nice. I just wouldn't spend time in it when there is so much to check out in Vegas that has that WOW factor, when the Miracle Mile is pretty standard.
2	Sure, they have that uber looking pseudo-Arabia interior from when it was the Aladdin. But good God the mall itself is just confusing. Unless you're staying at the Planet Hollywood and this is the convenient option for you, I assure you there is much else to do in Vegas that would optimize the use of your (I'm sure) precious time while you're there.You get the typical range of stores that you would in a regular suburban mall, except the salespeople with little stands set up are aggressive and you'll have at least three people try to stop you to sell you on some weird new face product or a massager within 20 minutes. Why not just go to a local mall when you're back home?1* for the shops and such, 4* for the interior.
4	Everytime I'm in Vegas, I always stop at Miracle Mile Shops. Whatever you are looking for, this place has it...H&M, Victoria's Secret, MetroPark, Bebe, Bakers, Fat Tuesday, Guess...and also small boutique shops you wouldnt find anywhere else.The prices at many of these stores were a little high...but, that was expected...it is Vegas....
3	It's a tourist haven when you can't afford LV, Gucci, Prada, Tom Ford, Marc Jacobs, etc. We stopped by after lunch to walk around and soak up the AC inside this mall. They do have alcohol here and took advantage of it. The one thing that struck me was their HUGE Sur La Table store. Oh hello. ;o) There is a parking garage, too.
4	I hate shopping.  If you want walk for days come here.  Its like a never ending loop of shops, restaurants and novelties.
3	These are the shops connected to Planet Hollywood.  There are a decent amount of shops.  But I'm not much of a shopper so I come to these areas for the architecture and the shows.  This stretch of shops provides two shows.  One is the "rainstorm".  Not much of a storm nor much rain.  The 2nd show is the laser light show by Fat Tuesdays.  The light show is pretty tame too.  I would skip both if you are coming to this area for the reasons I come to shopping strips.
3	Basically a common mall located at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and is connected to the PH Casino. You will find most of these stores in  any major metropolitan city mall. Average to low end stores if your looking for Prada or Lanvin go else where. The mall still have some of the architecture from the old Aladdin hotel when it use to be the desert passage mall the Rain shower show still occurs in the mall. Over all average mall nothing to special except a fat Tuesdays.
4	If you're on a budget, this mall is your best bet. They have everything a regular mall would have.
5	This is definitely a place to go and check out when you are in Vegas. The shops have everything from food to shopping to just people watching.  Name brand stores, along with plenty of entertainment. One of our stores that we stopped in several times was the 'ABC Stores'. Thats the place you want to go to when you need to get water, snacks or a souvenir for someone back home. You can spend hours in this mall and practically do nothing.
4	I really like this mall attached to the Planet Holloywood casino/hotel. The stores/restaurants that I like are: Ben & Jerry's, Sephora, Urban Outfitters, two ABC stores (Hawaii's version of the 7-11 store), The Body Shop, The Gap, GapBody, Ann Taylor Loft, Crazy Shirts, Tommy Bahama, Blondie's, Victoria's Secret, The Walking Company, Todai, & Front Row Sports. The Urban Outfitters Store is two levels and it's got tons of unique items. Sephora is a little small. There are a  couple of art galleries. If you're a AAA member, show your AAA card at the customer service desk, to get a free discount booklet. There is a Laser Show that seems to get a lot of "Ooh" and "Ahs." Many tourists come here to shop- great people watching. The greeters (time share) are very persistent, offering show tickets for free. Some of the hallways seem really narrow, and when it's crowded, it's worse. Sometimes we come here to walk around in a climate controlled environment (walk off a meal), so we don't always shop. It's really close to where I bank and near my job, so it's convenient to go shopping here after work. The Free Parking Garage is very convenient,
3	This mall used to kind of suck to me, but it's gotten a lot better.Pros:URBAN OUTFITTERS!!!Neutral atmosphere, you never feel like you're not supposed to be there.Generally laid back vibe.While a lot more expensive than my usual shopping haunts Boulevard and Meadows, much more affordable than Caesars or anything else on The Strip really.Cons:Still too touristy.Too much gimmicky stuff all throughout the mall(like that random light show or the weird fountain show in front of the V Theater).Tries way too damn hard to be hip.This has become a lot cooler place than it originally was, but, unfortunately, just like the rest of Planet Hollywood it still tries WAY too hard.
4	I am not a big fan of Planet Hollywood. The Miracle Mile shops are it's only saving grace in my opinion. And what a saving grace it is! There are tons of great shops, both your standard neighborhood mall type stores as well as some more upscale ones. Some of my favorites are Urban Outfitters, H&M, Sephora, Betsey Johnson, and bebe. There is a good variety of restaurants and bars too.And I really love that I can get into the mall from the parking garage without stepping foot in the casino.
4	almost like the Fashion Show Mall except you see drunk chicks stumbling around trying to text their bff's. didn't really go around much, i was sick and tired of checking out malls. they had "fcuk" i haven't seen that clothing line in almost 10 years since it came out. . it's a nice place to cool off though. and man they have free Wi-Fi inside. ^_^
5	Guess cause I'm an out of towner I heart this place to pieces. I was staying at Planet Hollywood and after being checked in my bf and I come downstairs to walk the strip and come to find we are right on top of a freakin mall. GTFOH! So the whole week we stayed in Vegas we attempted to find our way around this maze of a mall and got lost every single time. It got to be a little overwhelming after a while, but luckily I had my good shoes on so my feet werent too tired. There are various locations to stop and buy liqour in here, regular stores of course, tattoo parlor (that doesnt allow food or drinks...found out the hard way dammit) and the V theater (i think) or some kind of theater. The only annoyance I had were the shopping cart vendors who were so damn persistent but with enough alcohol in you or tolerance, you can deal.The mall it self is huge, and beautiful. Certain parts has the appearance that you're walking outside because the ceiling is painted like the sky, and they have a little dancing fountain display by the Polynesian restaurant and the theater. Great plus to ones who are staying at PH and love to shop.
5	fun set of shops!
4	I like the MM shops. There is a great variety of stores, including many familiar stores from the neighborhood mall, and the price points are reasonable.   It's a nice break from the high-end shops at the other hotel properties on the Strip.The location is great....if you are walking on the strip, its a nice break from the heat. You can shop, gamble, eat, drink, etc, etc....
4	I havent been back since I've worked here a bit back. Lots of stores have changed and they seem to really cater to their demographics of a younger crowd. Good in some ways since it's pretty much more affordable and unpretentious, but really, I can only walk by so many club hoochie and rhinestoned douche gear stores before I have to laugh. Still, when I worked here I must say I caught a lot of great sales (Lucky Jeans, Gap, Victoria Secret, Fredericks, Bebe, Ben Sherman, Urban Outfitters,etc.) so I'll give it a positive rating for that and for the stories. Yeah, with the random mixed crowd, and rowdy younger people here it makes for amazing people watching over the years of working here. For the hell of it, I'll share my favorite stories and people I've met courtesy of being here on a daily.* Of course, the given is random yelling by drunken bafoon barely 21 groups is a daily. I've also had several customers sway and spill drinks. The best ever was the lady who was so drunk that everything smelled so lovely to her and she proceeded to buy everything....then she fell and passed out and I had to call security to help. * Sad but once I had someone standing by our display window balling her eyes out. She was begging into a phone about give me my stuff, don't throw it in the trash to later switching the conversation yelling that she and her guyfriends is going to fuck em up and screw you for breaking my heart. Then she walked away and got some Auntie Annies. Twisted day calls for some twisted goodies. * A guy walked in to our store for no reason but to talk to me and my coworker. He proceeded to ask if we like jokes and started a 30 minute joke and magic trick set. Then he gave us Las Vegas keychains and said he'll come back later and if we're good he'll bring us Godiva chocolate. Haha. We never saw him again though. *There is a crazy lady that looks kinda like a tranny operation gone bad. She has some sort've mental condition and lives in the shelter. Anyways, she goes to beauty shops to try stuff on. The best is when she tries makeup, most people blend things like foundation and shadow if its being tested on the face. No, she just has random dots of smudged on foundation, blush that is just a track of multi colored fingerprint dots, so much lip product it's dripping off onto her chin..... Well she comes into the store and sometimes all she does is follow me and stares at me and what I'm doing intently Once she even walked into our backroom and I had to persuade her to stay out. It's scary to me since she's 86ed from places like Fashion Show for accosting a Makeup Artist. The MUA couldnt put makeup on her during a demo event because she has open pimples/sores. She got mad and spat in the MUAs face and said "Its cuz I have AIDS bitch!" *I've seen many club girls slip and fall. Funny. I've seen many club girls fall and flash me their brazilian wax job. Once the girl was just walking and her dress hiked up so much I got butt cheek flash. Ladies, panties are your friend. Las Vegas is too dusty and chairs are too dirty to let your coochela be out and about. I've seen more vagjayjay flashing here than I have when lesbians hit on me (I think they like "straight" girls like me...cuz that line is flexible) Haha* At the bathroom I had one momma going crazy on her phone yelling "dont call me, dont message me, dont voicemall me, youre the devil! Youre evil mothafucker! youre evil! Go to church!" *I had two drunk guys come in to ask me who dances better and one grabs my hands and asks if I know how to tango. That was super fun.*Ive had people come in and try to pass off fake money to me and when they saw I had some things to detect couterfeits, grabbed the cash out of my hand and left. * I had a southern lady tell me she wishes there were Asians in her town- she wanted mixed grandbabies. She then told me they have a branch of my store there and that her son was single because he works alot. Next trip she tried to set me on a blind date with him.*Once a guy walked in and asked me if I like pussy. I said I have one so I suppose I gotta like it. He said it's because his girlfriend would like to experiment but is shy and then he gave me his business card. She was standing inside Fredericks of Hollywood and was actually really cute. If I ever called, well, thats for me to know :-)* A guy that saw me on a dating site decided to find me here. I gave my myspace/fb to browse more my pictures saw that I listed I worked for this boutique in Miracle Mile. He showed up at my work. Kinda weird. Either way, he got me a tea latte at Coffee Bean and was actually intelligent conversation. Too bad a few days later my friend visiting from out of town was getting ready for a date when I got home from work and she was super excited because he was smart, well to do, and handsome (looks like Christian Bale a bit). She shows me a picture- it's the same guy. Apparently he likes trannies and then there's me. Err...
4	The Miracle Mile is a decent mall for the average person.  As opposed to going to Caesar Place's Shops and feeling too poor to walk into any of the stores, this mall has stores you can actually afford!  The best part is the "thunderstorm" that happens in one area about every hour.  Another one of the best FREE attractions in Vegas, be sure to watch the storm as the "sky" of the mall darkens, thunder rolls in, and it "rains" over the ponds in the middle of the mall.
4	As an opposite to Ultra High End mall of Crystals this mall is for the common mall for everyone else!Lots of shops and eatery here.  Also located in this mall is the famous Earl of Sandwich restaurant.  This mall also has a popular attraction, an indoor rain showering down on a pool of water at every top of the hour.Why minus the one star?  It's location is at Planet Hollywood Casino and one of the entrances to the mall is connected with the casino which equals smoke pouring out on some parts of the mall, how unfortunate. :-(
4	Cool place.  Kinda forgot I was indoors with the ceiling painted like the sky. Not too over priced for being a mall.
3	If you find yourself in Planet Hollywood with absolutely nothing to do, then give the Miracle Mile a tour. Though I have never measured the distance from one end of the shops to the other...it does seem like a mile's worth of shops (though not as nice as it's Chicago namesake). There isn't anything overpriced or fancy about the Miracle Mile shops, just a decent selection of shops to either kill time or find that shirt you've been wanting from back home, but didn't have the time to purchase.Plenty of restaurants inside the Miracle Mile as well, so if you have time to grab a bit in between table games, night clubs, and everything in between, then stop by for a bite. Don't expect anything fancy though, as everything is basically glorified mall food.
3	I'll say it again: it's a mall. The only difference here is it's in the ghetto Planet Hollywood and therefore a little more affordable for most folks. It's really dark though, and bathrooms are hard to find.
4	I love this mall. Filled with the clothing stores that fits my style (Urban Outfitters, H&M, American Apparel, and all the other hippy and vintage stuff). The only store that's missing for me is Levis but Urban also carries their 510 skinny jeans, so it's all good in the hood.Restaurants here are also great and I like the fact that it's connected to PH casinos and bars. Coming from Cali, I dont have the luxury of having this inside a mall.  What sucked at first was the traffic to get here. But I was a newbie local taking the LV boulevard instead of the back way from Koval St to reach the parking garage.This is one of the places I like to bring visitors because it's in the center of the strip too, an easy access to do more tourist stuff for the outsiders.
3	As gorgeous as the Miracle Mile Shops are, and as refreshing as it is compared to the Fashion Show Mall, I must say, it is quite difficult to enjoy simply because most of the stores are overpriced and way out of a normal person's budget.  It's definitely a lot of hype and they have plenty of distractions - like rainstorms every hour, security and hosts on Segways and other things that make you blurt out, "cool" without realizing it and then wishing you could take it back. It was super cold during my stay in Las Vegas and I didn't have any warm coats suitable to go out in, so off I went in search of a reasonably priced pea coat and leggings. About a 1/2 mile in, I gave up trying to find reasonably priced, and was just trying to find a pea coat and leggings. I had no luck.  Yes, there were coats, but most had gaudy buttons or fur. -__- Sorry, but I'd like something I could wear OUTSIDE of Vegas. Bonus points for the Fat Tuesdays at the center of the mall. :] I love me a Fat Tuesday! Overall, great for aesthetics, not great for your wallet. You are forewarned.
3	This is great place with tons of shops. I get lost though because the way it's set up. The entire shopping center is a big loop, wrapped around the PH casino, and with walkways through the center. It's odd because it used to be called the Desert Passage and they remodeled the entrance but inside is still themed as a Arabian marketplace. There are some restaurants here too. There is a good price range for the shops and restaurants. There is "fake rain storm" attraction that features mist, lightning and rain. It plays every hour. I never park here but at the Bellagio and walk across the street.  ^_^*~
4	Miracle Mile offers a wide selection of stores and small restaurants in a welcoming, muted environment.
3	Born in New Jersey I know my malls and all in all this is a pretty good one.Pros:-good selection of stores-clean-centrally locatedCons:-the merchants at the carts along the mall need to CHILL-I do not want to buy the shitty purse you are selling with interchangeable patterns.-the bathrooms are located in one area and can be far depending on where you are
3	This shopping center had the potential to be really good, it's got a bunch of shops that you can actually shop in instead of dreaming because it's too expensive. The problem with this place (and just like every other shopping center in Vegas) are the people in the center trying to get you to come over and try their one of a kind beauty supply that isn't good enough to get a full retail shop. They are just hounding, I hate being someone that ignores people so it makes you uncomfortable. I noticed they start walking down the isles with you now too but the point of a shop is that when I walk by it, if I'm interested, I go in. I have never found the next best thing by having it shoved down my throat in a mall. Take the pushy sales away 5 stars.
4	Good god, this shopping venue really is huge. I always get lost. Miracle Mile shops is probably one of my fave shopping places on the strip. Sorry, I can't afford anything at the forums shops.. I love sooo many of the stores here. Urban Outfitters, H&M, Sephora, Aldo, Quilksilver. I like that it is a circle so you don't really have to back track to come back around to parking.The customer service riding on the segways are very helpful. Bathrooms are hard to find and kinda hard to come by.. I've been finding that is the case more often than not at most malls. I haven't eaten at any of the venues here yet. They have some sort of loud thunderstorm show every once in awhile too.I don't come to strip very often but if any of my friends or family wanna check out UO I normally bring them here vs. going to Mandalay.
4	Really oddly laid out. It spirals in on itself. But, it has great stores, especially the ABC Stores, they have all the casual snacks and stuff you'll need. There are some upscale stores and some really affordable ones. Since I'm not a high roller, I prefer this mall.
4	This is be of the most visually appealing malls that i have been to.  The mall is setup so that the ceiling is painted blue with clouds, and the walls are painted like individual buildings.  So as you are walking thru the mall, you feel like you are outside in some European village, but in reality you are inside a building.Located in Planet Hollywood at the south end of the strip, the mall contains a wide variety of stores that are both affordable and common to the general public.  If you are looking for more of the designer name brand boutique stores like Gucci, Prada, etc you will be disappointed.
5	This was so much fun! The decor was very pretty. Different shops for everyone including boutiques, restaurants, and well known stores (quicksilver, DC, etc.). I did enjoy this more than Fashion Mall because of the atmosphere and the variety of shops not found in my home town.
4	Excusez-moi, madame, while I juggle this gelato and beer, while scouring the shops for the latest fashions. A mile that embodies America's virtues: shopping, eating, gambling, and indulgence. I like that it has an Urban Outfitters, Ben Sherman, H&M, and Sephora in one place. I don't like that I have to drive to Planet Hollywood to get here, though. Whatevs, you give and you take. Also a major plus, amazing views of the strip and insane drivers that cause mayhem in this glorious city near the entrance. I'm loving Vegas more and more each year. Happy New Year, y'all!
3	I have been through this shopping area many times.  The big draw for me to keep coming back is Sur La Table which moved into bigger digs just after my previous visit.  This is the largest Sur La Table in the chain and it doesn't even have a training kitchen so there are enormous areas of floor space.  As you go through the shopping area the decor  and feeling of the place changes.  This may be due to the fact it was built in stages and even changed owners part of the way through.
3	SHOPS:  A decent collection of shops, but some are a bit pricey.  I don't think you'll be finding any kind of bargains here.LAYOUT:  I always seem to get lost at this mall for some reason.  Just when you think you're going the right way, you turn a corner and you somehow end up where you started.  Although it's mainly going around in a circle, there are tangents off the main walkway that will lead you to Las Vegas Blvd, or to the Casino of Planet Hollywood.BATHROOMS:  WHY in the world are the bathrooms located in the deepest darkest corner???DECOR:  I find it so weird that although this mall has been given a facelift and renamed the Miracle Mile shops, remnants of it's former life as the Desert Passage can be seen as you walk along the corridors of shops.  For example, as you walk along the area where the "rain storm" attraction takes place, above the shops there is a bow of boat with the words "Desert Passage" written on it.  AND the facade of some of the shops still have that Desert-Passage-Look to it.PARKING:  There is self or valet parking for this mall.
4	I usually am not a fan of this place; it's pretty much an average mall to me. HOWEVER, i bumped this review up a star for two reasons.1. French Connection store. YES!2. Earl of Sandwich: The origin of the sandwich; you cannot go wrong.
4	Located at the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino, the Miracle Mile Shops are a pretty cool place to go shopping.  There are a ton of stores and the Earl of Sandwich (one of my favorite Sammie shops) is located there.  The food selection is pretty good too.  There's a food court and a ton of restaurants in the mall.....something for everybody.The only negative for me is that the layout of the mall is confusing.  Only the shops that are near the parking garage are easy to remember the location....the location of the rest of them don't make sense to me.  It's probably because it has been remodeled a few times and the design has evolved over the years.Overall, it's not too bad of a shopping experience.Return Factor - 80%
4	Love Miracle Mile!  Don't come scouting this joint if you are looking for pricey-head over to the Forum shops to get your retail fix on there if that's your bag...To sum it up it's a typical mall with more visual stimulants...Bright lights, hotter people and even the franchise shops carry more trendy fits. MM has a great selection of "real people/real wallet" type shops and has saved me SEVERAL times after losing my baggage...spilling cranvodka on my dress...or on a whim to grab a quick wardrobe change when a Vegas night calls for it. If anything...on a hot Vegas Summer, its a great place to beat the heat and cool off a bit before heading back on the strip.
3	This place is connected to Planet Hollywood an the Westgate Towers which I've heard bad things about on their review section. This place is full of a variety of shops mostly geared toward a younger crowd. They have Swarvoski Crystal shop with some pricy items but nice. Down the way is the Nestle Toll House shop.. which I always have to share a cookie with whoever I'm with @ the time b/c its so good. I love walking around these shops if I need to get my steps in for the day b/c its air conditioned but not full of the isle people that are constantly trying to give you free samples like @ the Las Vegas Outlet Center.. blah.. I hate that .This place has a lot of cute shops, i.e. Betty Page, Urban Outfitters, but I've probably only bougjht things from Sephora in this place. I am a poor college student so I limit my actual shopping to Ross, Marshalls, Burlington and lets face it black friday. But if you're here to impress you'll definitely find somethings to buy here.. OOh ck out the HAT SHOP. I found an awesome black cowboy hat there that my bf wanted to get me but I already have so many.. no need to bulk up on that. :)But in all seriousness when I have visitors in town this is one of the places I send them to b/c they have a Fat Tuesday refill station there.. so as you make your way down the Blvd you can get your refill here til you can make it bk to Caesars Forum Shops (which this place is much cheaper than that one! shop wise)Restaurants: Ive eaten @ that La Salsa Cantina in the shops which is ok.. but not good enough to say I'd go back. I thought it was way overpriced for the quality of food and I dont think i'd go there again to be quite honest. The chisp they gave us were all broken and the plate had to be sent back b/c they didnt put sauce on enchiladas?? thats like forgetting a patty on a hamburger?/ Must sees: the rainstorm they have toward the back by "Chico's" and the mock shipboat.. just a pretty atmosphere.. and they have a rainstorm every hr I think. Its just neat to watch and makes u want to snuggle up to your loved one... ahh. good times in the LV!
3	Dear Miracle Mile Shops...I remember when you were new and had a great mix of shops (remember Joan Vass?). Now you're showing your age, and stores - with the exception of the cheesy souvenir places - are found in any Mall USA. Yawn. You're large and confusing as well, several circles connected? I was lucky to find my way out. Perhaps you wouldn't have looked so shabby if I hadn't just come from the Crystal Shops - which is totally on the other end of the spectrum.You do have lots of food and bar options. The rain storm by Chicos is cool, but the water "show" in the middle not entertaining and started 10 minutes late. That's important if you're waiting to see it - I just laughted at myself for expecting more. The big plaster pole dancer behind it is entertaining to look at, so that helped redeem you. At least you kept me out of the casino for awhile. So thanks for that.Everybody raves about your Earl of Sandwich. Me...not so much. Maybe I didn't drink enough to fully appreciate the experience.
4	I don't do much shopping here, but I have been to the V Variety Theatre and the Saxe Theatre several times.  The only store I regularly go to is Sur La Table.  I could just look at all the cooking things there for hours.I also enjoy going there to people watch.  It's interesting to observe the tourist in its natural habitat here in Las Vegas.  They wear shorts even when it's 60 outside.  They go without coats in the middle of winter.The Miracle Mile Shops provides me with a great space to do this people watching - right under the glittery mask.  I also go to the Coffee Bean and use their free wifi.There's much to praise the Miracle Mile Shops for.  It is a neat place!
3	If you like stores then you'll like this place. It didn't seem to offer much besides what you'd find at a regular mall, but I don't do much shopping so I could be totally wrong. I bought a t-shirt there. And a gun. I didn't buy a gun. Just a t-shirt. A quality t-shirt.If you're still reading this you're pretty awesome.
3	Like i said in my review of H&M i think you are better off going to the big outdoor mall a little over a mile away going south. THe stores just aren't that great with their selections. They have some cool stores just lacking.
4	I went to planet hollywood's miracle mile shops for one thing and one thing only. Their Pink's hotdog restaurant stuck on the side of the mall.Maybe it's because I'm originally from a small city, but this mall was freakin amazing. They've got a random swimming pool outside, a casino (duhh what building in vegas doesn't..), many eateries, awesome shops!The decor inside the building is just mind boggling. There's this huge disco ball-like thing that changes colors. I literally stood there for about 10 minutes just watching it change colors. There are many staffs conveniently located at the entrances that can direct you where to go if you get lost. It's a huge mall, so these people are very handy-dandy. I didn't buy anything from the mall but just to look around was a lot of fun. If you get tired from tirelessly looking at stuff and people watching, there are many couches around so that you can be lazy and lounge around. I've noticed that there were computers for internet use as well. However it's not free.
4	Out of all the malls on the strip, I think I loved this one the most. This mall is pretty huge and conveniently located inside Planet Hollywood (Conjoined to the casino&resort). This mall is open until 12pm (every night, I think?). Anyways, this mall is a great balance between the restaurants and stores. I didn't eat any of the restaurants besides planet dailies (which inside the planet hollywood casino). But it seemed as though there were plenty of deals going for dinner/lunch! Also, this is the only mall that has a coffee bean. There's free WIFI at coffee bean. This store also has a huge UO - it's about 3 stories but not really. There's a FAT TUESDAY inside here, as well. The Fat Tuesday looked a lot bigger other fat tuesdays on the strip.I really loved the vibe at this mall. It was extremely chilled. The sales associates were extremely nice and weren't pushy whatsoever.  I saw plenty of people drinking at this mall (maybe b/c of fat tuesdays) but didn't see much people drinking at the fashion mall (are you even allowed to drink at fashion mall?)The mall is pretty spacious but the way it's constructed is kind of odd, I guess it's because there are plenty of entrances into this mall. Parts of the mall have couches for people who are tired and want to lounge around for a bit.Anyhoo, if you're in vegas and you wanna shop - definitely come by this mall!
3	Love the Urban Outfitters there, and found a perfect little dress at FCUK.Other than that, I thought it was a boring mall, and would go to Cesars Forum in a blast before this place.
4	There's really a few things you can do at Vegas. If you're not the gambling type, then you're probably the shopping type. The outlets are far off the strip and well, this is the next best place if you're on the strip. It's situated within the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino, so after you've struck rich, you can just plop in to the mall and get yourself a new Frederick's lingerie to wear to that new dance club to swoon all the men, wishing they were with you and all the women wishing that you weren't so scantily clad...okay I was going to a different point in my head, but I need to censor myself.Anyways, great place to buy a yard and then walk around and then refill it. There's a Todai's too if you're sick of the over priced buffets at the actual hotels. Beware though there's a ton of people always waiting right before they open. Also this is definitely more affordable than the Caesar's, Bellagio's, and Venicia stores....yeah I definitely am not a richie.
3	High end shops like Chanel and random no name retailers alongside yummy eateries and restaurants? Who's awesome idea was this? Its never ending and decor is ogle worthy.
3	I went to MMS during my last vacation because I wanted to check out the Incoco Nail Bar (there's only three in LV, and none back home).  Since the other two branches aren't at places I'd ever go to (Hawaiian Marketplace and Harrah's), MMS was the best bet.  Also, this mall includes a Bath & Body Works (which both my friend and I wanted to shop at), so we knew we could manage to "kill two birds with one stone."As soon as my friend and I walked into MMS (from the North Entrance), we had to deal with politely refusing an "offer" to attend a timeshare presentation.  We were short on time but since I really hate to cut people off when they're talking, we stood there for a good 10 minutes or so listening to the sales pitch... *cringes*  After that, we grabbed a mall map brochure and proceeded toward somewhere to eat for lunch.  TBH, there weren't many choices to pick from, in terms of what I was willing to eat / spend.  We ended up going to Cheeseburger Las Vegas (I've been to other branches).  While we sat in there, I took a look at my mall map to take note of what stores I wanted to check out.  FFS, what is with the color coding system (especially since it's based on store location instead of store category)???Following our lunch, I stopped by Victoria's Secret to buy a few things for the remainder of my trip.  Then I went to the Incoco kiosk while my friend went to the Massage Professionals for Health kiosk.  Not much to say here other than I probably shouldn't deal with any kiosk vendors when I'm half-asleep...  Oh well, lesson learned =PAs it turns out, BBW was the highlight of shopping at MMS.  We browsed at several other stores, including French Connection, H&M, Bread & Butter, United Colors of Benetton, and The Walking Company.  None of these stores impressed me much.At the end of the day, I'd have to say that if Incoco had more kiosk locations around Las Vegas - specifically, in The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace - I'd go there and completely avoid MMS altogether.
4	I go to the Miracle Mile mainly to get Fat Tuesday while I walk around and browse. Some of the stores at this mall are great and some are just too expensive for my budget. It's a nice mall to just browse and look at the stores that we don't have back home. They have a cool display that rains every once in a while. It's nice to look at. I DO come here if I forget a clothing item at home and need to get something quick. It's definitely good for that!
4	I like Miracle Mile a lot and I think it is the best strip mall for Value shopping on the strip. It also has a few bars inside and decent restaurants. I really like the most to park here since it centrally located and easy to get in and out of.
4	I actually like Miracle Mile Shops better than The Forum Shops...maybe because the shops and restaurants here won't burn a hole through my pocket as fast but, kidding aside, I actually like the place because it offers a variety of things for different types of people.  I just like it when a diverse group  is at my front door (my hotel, PH).Unfortunately, the parking is just as awful as that of The Forum Shops (Caesars Palace).  What can you do?  Valet is not any better.
4	Spotted a cute Bettie Page store here! Much more affordable stuff than the Forum Shops, a maze of pretty cool stores. But really the only thing i'm looking for here is Earl of Sandwich.
3	I went to the Miracle Mile Shops to find a decent pair of shorts since I forgot to pack a pair before coming to Vegas.  The MMS is a decent mall compared to most places in America, but it pales in comparison to the Forum Shops, Fashion Show Mall, Canal Shops, etc.  That's not to say the MMS is totally without its uniquely Vegas charms.  It does have the Stripper Bar!  Hahaha...but seriously, there are better places to go to get your "souvenir" from Sin City.  Most importantly, I didn't find a decent pair of shorts!
3	With Sur La Table gone, there is very little that this place offers that is different than any other mall.  The H&M is not as well stocked as the Town Square one and I can barely find any good deals at any of the other stores. The Urban Outfitter is better than the one at the Mandalay Bay though. Their clearance section is larger and organized well. The selection of jewelry at the individual carts can produce some fun finds as well. The walk around the complex is more productive than the shopping. The exercise is often what I get out of coming here.
4	I prefer the Miracle Mile Shops over Forum Shops or City Center because, um, you can actually shop. This working girl isn't used to dropping dough at Louis Vuitton or Gucci on a weekend trip so the Miracle Mile gives you the indoor shopping experience-complete with cloud covered ceiling, but with stores that us regular people can actually shop at. Granted, if you had a lucky night at the casino there are shops to splurge too. It's worth a walk-through.
2	Nothing special, just Shops in a Casino......only plus is they aren't as high end as the Forum Shops.
2	there are some decent shops in this mall...  -h&m-american apparel-urban outfitters-steve madden-wild pair-it's sugars-sephora-bath and body works... etc otherwise, it's a lot of energy to make my way out here for really.... a long walk.  if you want to take a stroll, maybe a grab a drink... it's ok.  the casino is central.. the pool is open to local m-th...earl of sandwiches is probably the only decent place to eat... maybe sabarro. the gelato place...  i gave it an extra star for people watching.  mostly everyone is a tourist and walking soo slow you wanna push them down.  lol jk.  no i'm not.
4	Shops and restaurants.. what's not to like?!I love Vegas shopping.. it's something about the atmosphere that makes shopping so much more fun than shopping at home.. That being said.. I enjoy the Miracle Mile Shops.. it's similar to the Forum Shops.. but I seem to identify more with Miracle Mile.. maybe because the Forum Shops are so elaborately laid out with the spiraling escalators.. it seems to fancy-schmancy for me..Miracle Mile seems a bit more down to earth for me.. I like that I don't have to navigate through several floors of stores.. it's just one floor of stores and restaurants..Then you can hit up the casino to spend the left over money that your didn't spend shopping.. thats the life!
4	Came here for the semi-annual sale on Sunday. I got  almost ten items for 24 bucks! Yay me. The staff is friendly and as busy as they were I didnt wait in line for long. They know what theyre doing here and they fully staffed the place for the busy weekend.
2	Holy cow!!! This place is ridiculously large. That being said, I got lost many times because everything looks the same, there are no real points of reference, the signage sucks, and there are very few maps. I pride myself on my sense of direction and this place simply stumped me.
4	It's pretty cool to have a staged thunderstorm in the middle of the strip of shops. I like how they incorporate lighting and effects from on top of the shops to make it seem more real. The thunderstorm occurs every hour from Monday to Thursday and every half hour from Friday to Sunday. At first we almost missed it because the area blended into the shops pretty well. Make sure to park at Planet Hollywood for easier access!
4	Every time I go to Vegas, I inevitably "forget" to pack some item of clothing or another, which "necessitates" a shopping trip for a replacement. I can't step anywhere near the Forum shops, and I am not about to schlep it all the way north to the outlets, so this place is perfect.H&M, Urban, Steve Madden, Chinese Laundry, Sephora...everything a girl needs is here.
5	When staying here this place is awesome.  Everything you want you'll find it here.  If you don't valet be prepared to walk that miracle mile to get to the casino or your room.
3	It's a place to shop. Nothing particularly interesting or unique when it comes to stores or atmosphere or set-up. But they do cover most of the basics (Ann Taylor, White House Black Market, Bebe, etc.) in a smaller shopping area than say Caesars or the Fashion Show - so that's nice. It's also not near as crowded as those shopping areas - which is also nice. And it always cracks me up how about half of the area is still all old Aladdin. You go from wannabe modern and chic to old Middle East.
4	Great variety of shops, dining and entertainment, my favorite shopping place in Las Vegas!  Check out the Variety show there, it was shockingly good.  Wayne Gorsek
5	I LOVE THE MIRACLE MILE SHOPS!!!It is super convient no matter what hotel your staying at.They have every store you can possibly think of. (H&M, Journeys, Lids, Champs...etc)Btw the rainstorm is a neat feature..
3	The only reason I came here was because I needed to hit up H&M to find another top and skirt because I didn't bring enough clothes with me. Otherwise, being from the bay and working right next to a mall and living right next to a mall, there is no reason for me to shop there... EXCEPT!drum rolll please...FAT TUESDAY!Get your mile long drinks here people! SO worth it! Don't think about the price. It will be priceless to see your sig other or friend babble after taking too much of one drink down... Believe me, my fiancee will still not let me forget that fretful trip a couple years ago when I .... ... ...(what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas).
4	Convenient location with a wide variety of places that have all your bases covered (apparel, food, necessities, etc.).Just wish they wouldn't have made the place about 25% too big for the number of shops they have. My lazy ass almost wished there was a moving walkway/conveyor belt system (a la the one in Wall-E) to shuttle me around.
4	First of all, where else is the closest ABC store without having to fly to Hawaii? That's right, head to the Miracle Mile shops for the ABC store, Fat Tuesdays and get your shop on those brand names while being hollered at by nightclub promoters :)
4	Lots of shops. I love comin' here to escape from the heat and to check out what's goin' on and what is new. There are some real interesting spots in here. I love doin' the window shopping with the wifey. We always find something here to take home for someone, whether it be a friend of family member. The bar spots are always a sight for sore eyes. Fat Tuesday is always a must stop shop, i guess you can say it's a shop. The wife and I tend to always share somethin'. I like that this mall is for "regular" people, not the ones who are trying to buy everything from ulta luxe high end brand name spots. You don't feel out of place here. Parking is plentiful and free. I have found a few things at the Swarovski located here for less than at the Venetian. That was a plus.
4	Tons of shops. The Miracle Mile is connected to Planet Hollywood. Tons of Shops and Different Restuarants to choose from. My Favorite is the Lobster Roll shop just devine .   Todai AYCE Buffet  is also located there. The Cool thing its one big loop.The ABC store is a good place to get Toiletries and Adult Beverages.The Miracle Mile shops alwaysm seem to be one of my Destinations when Im in Vegas.
4	this "mall" is located in the Planet Hollywood hotel and casino.  this string of shops and eateries is not bad at all, and kind of reminded me of shopping at Ala Moana.... only indoor, and shiny-er. there are lots of shops to browse here, so take your time, and take advantage of the air conditioning.  i hear Earl of Sandwich is really good, so check them out..... if you feel like blowing your money somewhere other than a casino, come to Miracle Mile shops!  its a good way to kill about 2 hours O_O
4	Lots of choices for shopping at reasonable prices.  The Pampas restaurant is a hidden gem.  There is a magical theme park-like architecture found in the eastern part of the mall.  The ceiling is painting a beautiful blue with wispy white clouds.  It adds to the shopping experience.
5	I practically lived in this place while in Vegas!!!! Lots and lots of stores, and a great place to eat if youre on a budget. Lots of breakfast and lunch specials, with free drinks etc. Is pretty confusing to get around, mainly because all of the stores look the same! We were looking for one store imparticular for, let's just say, quite some time. Good for eating, shopping, hanging out, going to see shows. Centrally located beside the Paris.
4	Came here to the V Theater to watch Sin City comedy and stayed a little bit looking around. It's got all your typical mall stores but does have that one or 2 unique places (V Theater and The Stripper Bar for one) only the surroundings offer more eye candy than your typical mall. Comparison: A cleaned up Arden mall meets some serious neon lighting.
5	I just love a mall I can take my kiddo in the stroller and sip beer..from Sin City Brew ..while shopping.Me and a friend had such a good time here doing just that. We must have went around that circle 40 times.Its so much nicer now that they re-did the floor. It used to be a horrible cobblestone floor that girls in heels would be killing themselves on. Its much safer. I wonder how many girls broke an ankle on that old floor? LOL
1	This place was better when it was Desert Passageway.Had to use the bathroom, but they were closed for cleaning. The family bathrooms a few steps away were not. So I used them. Finished up. Put soap on my hands and went to the sink - water was not working.Came out with soap on my hands and asked if I could just wash my hands in the bathroom. Surly mexican woman with a walkie talkie said no. I went, "I have soap on my hands. The least you can do is get me a paper towel from inside since you won't let me in." She rolled her eyes and complied...i waited for a minute and I could hear her talking behind the door with the others. Meanwhile I'm left standing there with soap on my hands and other women who desperately needed to pee.She took so long I ducked into the men's bathroom and freaked them out. I said, "You all have something I've seen before, but since the cleaning crew is taking forever and won't let me into the women's bathroom to wash the soap off my hands, I had to come in here...sorry!" In the time it took me to say that I was able to rinse the soap off my hands, actually wipe them on paper towels and then run out...making them wonder if they had really seen me at all...I'm fast like that.Bathroom criticism aside, this isn't what I'd consider higher end stores - this is like going to your regular everyday mall where you'd find a Hot Topic, Chico's and, well...you get my drift. Everyday shops you can find in everyday life all over the US.While there was a Sephora there, it still can't induce me into giving it more than one star after that bathroom disaster.By the way, it's not really a mile of shopping...it's just making you walk around in a loop twice so it equals a mile.
3	The design of this mall is very catchy! Then again, it is Vegas! I really wasn't into most of the shop. My friend and I only really came here for Urban Outfitters where we also found some great deals at! They also had a pretty decent sized Sephora here as well but their H&M sucked! Come here for the touristy stuff but as for the shops, I think you're better off going to the newer mall, City Walk, I think it's called.
4	Coming here is a rite of passage of sorts when you're in Vegas. There are a plethora of stores for everyone! Wear some comfortable shoes so you can walk around and not wish you were wearing flip flops. The stores are really cute and they have decent restaurants inside as well.
3	One of the more affordable malls in Las Vegas and conveniently located mid-strip in the Planet Hollywood hotel.  I love stopping into the Sephora, American Apparel, Victoria's Secret and huge Urban Outfitters.  The Urban at this mall always has an amazing clearance section!Something I didn't love, however, was the fact that there are a few stands around the mall where people try to get you to stop and talk to them about discount show tickets or free show tickets if you go to some sort of "no-commitment" meeting.  I'm not so into being harassed while I shop.
5	This mall is huge! I loved exploring, resting my feet in the lounge area, and then finishing it all off by popping into the Planet Hollywood Casino. More malls should be like this.
4	good stores . While being in the warm in the cold month of December. SHOPPING AND DRINKING DO NOT MIX. But it sure is fun (: I loved the random stores inside.
5	This place is amazing! When I was in Vegas last year with my family, we spent hours here. My favorite store here had to be the Betty Paige store, even though I could NEVER afford anything from there! The dresses there are absolutely adorable and retro. If I am ever filthy stinkin' rich, I'm going to buy the whole damn store. Before Utah got an H&M, Vegas was the closest one to us. My mom and I went nuts in H&M! We loved that there were shops in this mall that Utah didn't have. There are plenty of places to eat, and we chose a Mexican place to get lunch. I don't recall the name, but it was delicious. Each of my family members found a shop that they were interested, yet I was the only one who left empty handed! I can't wait for my next trip to Vegas, so I can actually shop here.
4	We spent quite a bit of time here, eating, drinking, shopping, going to shows. Good location. Lots of walking, but that's part of being in Vegas.Our first night here my wife's feet were killing her because her new shoes weren't broken in just yet. We found a pair of sandals in the Quiksilver/Roxy store marked down in her size that made the rest of our evening bearable.This mall will be one of our regular stops.
4	This is the people's mall. Forget about Cesaer's where you are doing mostly window shopping. The Miracle Mile Shops have a ton of great stuff us normal folk can afford. I mean don't get me wrong, it's fun to try on a $400 collared shirt, but by that thing forget about it. You'll find many of the same stores here that you could find in your local mall, but I do think that they definitely have better selections at these places.
3	I definitely don't go to Vegas to shop, they have the same stores as most large malls, but it wasn't the worst stroll ever.
4	Nice facility with plenty of options...
4	This mall is great ! . And the architecture and the design of the stores in the mall and the background on the ceiling is beautiful. They didnt offer all the good stores like fashion mall did, but there are tons of restaurants to choose from. things that stood out??:Their urban outfitters has been the most organized store ive seen everr--The h&m store had nothing to offerThey have a cute restaurant cheeseburger las vegas, good food for good price and good customer service.Giving them 4 stars bcus of how the mall is designed outand wait i think they only have one restroom ???? i think
4	I love these shops! They have a mix of upscale and "normal" shops. You don't feel intimidated by the security standing in the stores like at The Forum Shops. It was super crowded in there this past weekend but what do you expect....people love to shop.
4	I don't like gambling. I'm more of a "I know where my money is going and I'm getting something of value back". So while some of my friends went to donate money to the casinos, me and some friends went to shop. The stores are moderate level stores - in terms in pricing. I see stores like H&M, ABC Store (I buy my water here - No CRV!), Lola's (LOVED that boutique), Sephora, Urban Outfitters, Bakers, Aldo, etc... and some high level stores: Betsy Johnson, BCBG, Guess, etc. So it was a good amount of stuff. The strategic thing too for Planet Hollywood and Miracle Mile is that you need to talk through the mall to get to the casino from the parking structure. SMART. The food selection kinda sucks. We walked around for what to eat and eh, the reviews were not fantastic for the shops in here. Overall... this is a great place for someone who hates gambling... but if you want hardcore shopping - go to the outlets.
5	I got lost everytime I walked in here, but I didn't care cause there were plenty of things to see and do!!!If you're in the mood to shop..  this is a great place for it! They have a H&M, Quicksilver, ABC store and the list goes on!There's also a good selection of restaurants and bars in this mall! Cabo Wabo for Mexican food, Panda Express if you want Asian food, and etc!
3	Vegas sucks.  If you don't lose all your money gambling, then you wind up shopping and buying all kinds of stuff.  If you don't lose all your money gambling or shop and buy all kinds of stuff, you pay an arm and a leg for drinks.  If you're like me, you lose all your money gambling, you go shopping and buying all kinds of stuff, and you pay an arm and a leg for drinks.  So, yes Vegas sucks.Anyway, this is a decent set of shops.  There's a lot of stores you'd expect to see in your neighborhood mall and a couple higher end shops.  They've got a good selection with decent prices.  There's also a couple dining and drinking options.
1	The graffiti etched elevators should be your first clue this place is low rent scuzzy.The whole place felt slimy and like any ordinary shopping mall in decline - definitely not worth visiting in a place like Vegas with so many better options.I agree with other reviewer, the place smelled like bathroom throughout.
4	This is a conveniently located mall if you are on the south end off the strip and Harmon (staying at Planet Hollywood or any City Center property) and do not want to venture up to Fashion Show Mall. Variety of shows and stores as well as restaurants are here. H&M, David Saxe Theater, and one of my favorite sports bars on the strip, Blondies is here. There is definitely a little bit of everything for everyone to pass time.
3	Okay shopping mall. Variety of stores, many chains like footlockers, gap, h & m, loft,....it's fun to go for a little afternoon of shopping.
4	Sure, it's easy to get lost or not keep track of where you're going because of so many shops in this mall! You'll see nice architecture along the way and there are a couple water shows that play every hour on the hour.
1	This place sucks!!! Cheap stores, and full of families with strollers. It's like a low end Caesars. Won't be back!
4	Great mall has everything in there we loved the Air Conditioning but i dont like how as soon as you walk in they are selling you time share.
3	This mall is a bit confusing to me, so many turns and SOOO LONG! But the design here is very chic and attractive. The stores are never-ending...especially when you are walking with heels...Thankfully there are lots of seats everywhere...BREAK TIME! =)
5	Love this mall.. My main stop is always Victoria's Secret.. Love ABC Stores now that they have Hello Kitty Las Vegas souvenirs.. Ate here for breakfast @ Cheeseburger Las Vegas!! That was delicious!! Lunch @ Ocean One Bar & Grill!! Again, delicious!! Will definitely shop & eat here again!!
5	Love the Miracle Mile Shops! So much to choose from. Everything from your typical mall stores, to Las Vegas gift shop stores (discounted prices and better selection that the gift shop in your hotel, fyi) to bars to restaurants to stores that are hard to find, like my favorite, the Bettie Page store. If you want a nice place to pick up some souvenirs, grab a bite or just walk around a bit, come here.
2	Somehow, I always end up at the Miracle Mile Shops when we have guests in town... or on that rare occasion when I decide to pretend I'm a tourist and walk aimlessly around the Strip.This place is okay during the day, but at night, the creepers come out to play.  And it smells.  Sometimes it smells like pot or dirty diapers.  The other night, I watched a couple of guys follow a woman and say perverse things to her, even after she asked to be left alone.  She wasn't with anyone else, and I noticed how fast she was walking - it was obvious that she was kind of freaked out.  Worse yet, they passed right by a security guard who did NOTHING.  Until I flagged him down and kinda gestured to show him what was happening, he seemed completely unaware of his surroundings.  It made me pretty nervous thinking that I was more vigilant than someone who is PAID to be vigilant.I do like some of the stores.  However, I will only come here if the sun is still up.  After that, I don't feel entirely safe.
4	3.5 stars. Does tend to get very crowded in here, but rightly so! Fat Tuesdays is a must go-to, as well as earl of sandwiches and other yummy places around. This place has everything from food to clothes to art and tattoos. I definitely recommend this place! It can get a bit frustrating since it is crowded and you have drunk people crashing into you, but overall it is a nice daytime activity to do.
3	One star down for NO SERVICE ... although I'm not sure I can blame Miracle Mile for this ... since I get no service anywhere in Vegas. You'd expect a better selection of shops here ... but in reality, it's highly disappointing. The only things that make this place worth going to are the drinks/food: Earl's and Fat Tuesdays. If you're an avid Vegas goer, you know what I'm talking about. BUT, can't lie ... if you're looking for a place to kill time, this would be it. I get lost every single time and i've been to Vegas more so than I should. Plus, this place is clean and modern looking, so eh. Points for that!
2	Did not care for Miracle Mile shops at all...the least exciting of the Strip shops - selection is that of a regular mall, no labels you couldn't find elsewhere. The sole redemption of Miracle Mile shops might be Sephora for last-minute needs. Don't  care for the crowd here - can be sketch.
5	Left at the Quetzal Coatl, Right at the sign of the Angels.
3	I was prepared to give these shops a bit fat two stars. So much of it feels like it's meant for either really young kids or people with a taste for kitsch.But I managed to find a few shops that had some great selection and decent prices. The Penguin store had a great discount section and the American Apparel that I walked in to was the least obnoxious one I've been to--and I've visited quite a few.
4	The Miracle Mile Shops are a great addition to the Las Vegas Strip! It was nice to be able to walk around in the cool air and see all of the stores and restaurants that were available. There's nothing tremendously special here but there are some cool things to see including the area where there are inside simulated thunderstorms.
4	I am not sure but I think the Miracle Mile shops are much longer than a mile. This place is huge!! And they have stores in there that I can afford!! Which really is a big deal, because Vegas has so many high end shops, its easy to feel inadequate when forced with the decision on whether to pay your mortage or purchase a handbag.  Be prepared to spend a half day shopping or walking around.  But no worries, when you get famish, there are plenty of restaurants/bars nearby to provide you with a picker-upper to completer your journey in the Miracle Mile Shops.
4	I am an 18 year old, in a family of six, my parents, my two grandparents, a sister of 16, and me. Our family loves to go to Vegas, but there are only a few things that my sister and I can do in Sin City. Instead of staying in my hotel room all day, my mom would take my sister and I to the Miracle Mile Shops during our stay, usually when my dad and grandparents go out gambling. The mall must be more than a mile long. It is filled with both high end very expensive shops, to even a few more affordable younger shops for the younger generation. I love to walk around here, shop a little bit, and spend a good day in the vacation mood, and having my mother buy me things that I want. Its a good mall for everyone. Miracle Mile just happens to be right next to Planet Hollywood, a casino that is in the middle of the Vegas, right on the Strip. If shopping gets boring, take a walk around at night to see the glistening lights that Vegas has to offer.
4	Love going here when I'm staying on the strip or walking along the strip.  Perfect place to take a break out of the sun and heat.  Large selection of stores to shop at.
3	Despite the unnecessary/confusing layout, the Miracle Mile shops are definitely worth a browse. My favorite was the Bettie Page shop, they have some great dresses in all sizes there!
4	Favorite place to shop in Vegas.  Perfect size for a quick 3 hour shopping trip with stores for every budget.Everytime I go to Vegas this is the place I do my shopping.  I do like the Forum shops but this mall in Planet Hollywood has the best stores and is always clean and not super crowded like the Forum shops or Mandaley Place. Winners
5	Earl of Sandwich?  DC store?  Sugar Factory?  A place to earn $15 in survey testing?  This place has it all.  I really like Planet Hollywood for its convenience.  Whether it'd be retail therapy, to cure your sugar fix, or to simply enjoy a good meal w/ good company... this place definitely can satisfy just about anyone from all walks of life.  We went here 3 times during my 3-day vacation in Vegas.  It has been over a decade since I've been and it was such a nice experience to go to Vegas, kids-free, to eat my heart out, and best of all: to share this experience w/ my boyfriend and his younger brother.We went to Earl of Sandwich 2 times.We went to that Hawaiian convenience store 3 times.We sat by the bar area overlooking the pool 2 times.We shopped at the DC store.. "Thanks for the 2 shirts you bought for Gav and I, babe."We were talked into doing a survey for Michelob (low calorie beer / cider-like).  The survey paid $15 and I think it took about 30 minutes total.  I thought it was such a waste of time at first but earning $15 for doing nothing and I was giggling and laughing w/ the boyfriend interim so it's a win-win situation.Next time I hope I to stay at Planet Hollywood.
4	This was a fun mall to just explore during some down time when I stayed right across the street on two different occasions.Great to see the Laser show here at various times, nice fog effects and everything.There is a rainstorm here too, saw it last time I was here.  It is indoor thunder and lightning every half hour on weekends.-Good stores to run into and get food and a quick drink like Blondie's Las Vegas, Auntie Anne's Pretzels,  Earl of Sandwich (within the Planet Hollywood actual part), La Salsa Cantina, Pampas Churrascaria Brazilian Grille for some amazing breakfast for a cheap price.....steak and eggs special ($5.99) , and Fat Tuesday (worth a visit for a drink on the go). -I also took part in one of their survey testing, earned $50 right before my trip back to the airport in my 2009 trip here.  That was win on the way out of Vegas.-There were some other decent clothing stores to just browse and the family dollar (sort of ) store just to buy chips and sodas back for your room adventures.  -Worth a trip to visit next time you are in Las Vegas.
1	Stay away from this mall.  Both Sephora and H&M are super small while other shops are average brands..What makes it worst is the mall is filled with little carts selling no-name skincare products.  The sales were so aggressive pulling you over to sell you whatever they can at whatever price they want to set.
3	The Miracle Mile mall is a tired hooker -- all done up and gaudy, but past its prime.Wrapped around the Planet Hollywood hotel, the Miracle Mile is probably the easiest shopping center on the Strip to get lost in.  It's a near certainly that you'll lose all track of where in the ginormous circle you are, and there's literally like 1.5 miles of corridors with poor signage.  Can't find the exit? ... Forced to shop forever? ... Well, I guess that's the point.But, really, if I must shop forever, can't it be in nicer surroundings?  The fake sky and faux Middle Eastern details were impressive back when this was the Dessert Passage mall surrounding the Aladdin (am I dating myself by mentioning that?!?), but now the paint is faded and chipped.  The chic-ness has given way to cheap-ness.  Both the free fountain show as well as the resident theater show (V - The Ultimate Variety Show) are pretty low-rent, too.On the other hand, sometimes cheap is good.  Unlike certain other malls in the area (ahem, Crystals, I'm looking at you), the Miracle Mile is an awesome place to do some actual shopping.  Not far from the entrance lies the only Penguin clothing store on the Strip, which was having a 50%-off-everything sale on the day I went.  I found some killer deals at the French Connection, Ben Sherman, and Sisley boutiques, too.  (Seriously -- if you're on the hunt for mens clothing, the Miracle Mile has the best selection on the Strip.)Also ... Krave nightclub is attached to this mall.  If you've never experienced the thrill of running through a giant mall at 3am after one too many vodka drinks, then the Miracle Mile can be the hooker who de-virginizes you.
5	I love the miracle mile shops.  Tons of variety and food choices.  I love getting a Fat Tuesday drink and walking around here.  They have a lot of my favorite stores so one can truly spend a full day in here.  They also have a fantastic tattoo parlor.  My boyfriend got his first tattoo here and it was an awesome experience.
4	This mall is located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. I usually only come here for H&M and Urban Outfitters. However, you can get lost in this mall very easily. It's hard to find the directory here (maybe it's because of the dim lighting), but you should grab a pamphlet near the entrance so you can just carry a mall map around with you (trust me, you'll need it).We are starving when we came so our first stop was to find a reasonable priced restaurant. We walked around the entire mall looking for a directory! We ended up eating at Ocean One Bar & Grille near the rainstorm area. If you've never been to Vegas, you should at least stop by this mall and check it out. The rainstorm is pretty near since before Vegas, I've never seen that in a mall before.
2	I love the decor and there's a pretty fountain in it.   But you know what threw me off on this place?  The guys manning the carts.There was some guy that tried to sell me a solar charger while I was trying to text my cousin, and when I said "no thanks", he yells .... OH HO..... I SEE.... or something and causes a ruckus.I mean, seriously.   It's one thing to be in sales, but it's another to be an annoyance.Overall, there's quite a few food choices that anchor the place, and there's a Fat Tuesday (slushie alchie drinks) that I know people go bananas for but outside of that, it's a pretty typical mall area.The signage was pretty terrible.  I was in self-parking, and it took me two looks at separate directories to find Planet Hollywood since I didn't know the area and never been there before.   Then going back, it was the same.  They should have large signage that actually directs you towards areas just as any other mall.  It's almost as they don't want you to get to your destination.Saving grace of this place?  Earl of Sandwich.
4	Because my hotel was basically in this mall, I went here everyday. It was a quick go to mall for anything the girls and I needed last minute. I like it because not only are there cute boutiques to shop at like Lola and other stores (I forgot the names of) there are a bunch of restaurants and places like Fat Tuesday! This mall is really pretty too. It is really nice to be inside and walk around again and again. I think I walked around here so many times I know where everything is located. It sucks they don't have a F21 here though....If they did this mall would be even better!
4	I have to say it is a breath of fresh air walking into a mall and see all the vacancies for stores filled and throngs of people shopping. Here in Northern Colorado the malls are good at one thing. Dying. The Miracle Mile shops at certain points as you walk through the mall look like you are in the Forum Shops only the stores are not as high end. Still there are plenty of unique and touristy stores to go into to shop till you drop!
4	Ahhh!!! Shops my broke ass can actually afford to shop in! Sweet!
5	Fantastic...I love at least 10 stores in this lovely mall. I mean you've got Urban Outfitters right in the front...This is a very unique store...MMmm I guess I call it hippy chic. Keep walking...Lets see..H&M stores, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf Store...Hello Hazlenut Ice Blend!The mall walks around in sort of a circle. There are some off the chart Art Galleries...Many places to dine..Some very unique boutique..(Omg I just rhymed) stores.And a Tattoo Parlor named "Club Tattoo" Where I hope to get my first tat somtime in 2013. So, If you would like to go to a mall that is loads of fun...This be the place!Oh...And also parking gargage in back of Mall..If it's a weekday lvl 3...Weekend probably higher up...Okay go shop till ya drop!
5	This mall use to called Dessert Passage when the hotel first opened as Aladdin and bow it's now called Planet Hollywood and it still has that Aladdin theme even though they have done massive renovations to the mall. The layout is like a shape if a U with 2 entrance located by the strip adjacent to the Planet Hollywood casino ans the Elara Hilton Hotel. Compared to the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace and Crystals at City Center, this mall is geared towards the budget friendly and has some really good deals throughout the mall if you can find them. Some of my favorite stores to shop are Urban Outfitters, Penguin, French Connection (FCUK) and the rest I can't remember. =(Besides the stores are the average priced restaurants, the bars located around the mall and the kiosks. They also have the desert rain storm show located by the V theater to incorporate it with the Aladdin theme but I'm just surprised its still there after Planet Hollywood took over. It's also nice to walk around and enjoy the eye candy or relax from the 100+ heat and if your at guest at Planet Hollywood, this mall is just a few minutes from your room and it's connected to the casino.
4	Affordable shops and eateries for every pocketbook.  On one side of the shopping corridor, there is a modern look and feel of Planet Hollywood,  and on the other side it still has the look and feel of the former Aladdin Desert Passages.The big plus for me is the recent opening of Chicago's Garrett Popcorn.  That was reason enough to come twice over my three day Vegas visit.
4	All kinds of shops, if you have time, go to the Goretorium on the third floor :)
5	The most affordable mall on the strip! This is a nice clean well run mall full of a diverse variety of shops and dining choices! We visit Vegas twice a year and always end up here at the Miracle Mile. Definately worth a visit!
4	A nice selection of eateries, bars, and affordable shopping, as well as your higher end shopping. They also have a tattoo shop, a fountain show, and showrooms. The shows can be a bit pricey depending on which one you wish to see but most offer a locals discount and/OR have plenty of coupons- you just have to look for them. I can easily spend an evening here- a little shopping, a bite to eat, hang out with some friends at a bar, and then see a show- all in the same place.
4	This indoor mall of 170 shops is on the Vegas strip connected to Planet Hollywood.  It doesn't seem like there's that many stores in there, but I guess so.  It has some unique stores and restaurants that aren't at most malls.  There's both a Wyland and Godard art gallery too.  A person can do some pretty good shopping there.
4	Seems like they have a little bit of everything here....Good spot to shop if you are a tourist, but I can't really see myself fighting strip traffic to get here, to shop at the same shops I find in other malls around town.I am sure there are plenty of little vendors I am not familiar with that are more PH secular, but since I don't shop there, it doesn't matter to me.The food in the mall is meh, but lots of decent spots in PH to eat!  Check out Earl's Sandich and Gordon Ramsays BurGR for example!  Awesome food!
4	Great place to shop, eat or relax.  Lots of nice stores.  And the signage is very clear and easy to navigate from one end to the other.  The kiosks are bunched up pretty close to each other and you are asked to sample this and sample that, "do you have a minute to try....," but other than that, a very nice place to visit.  And it has a variety of stores, from fancy to cookies to convenience stores.Check it out, a great place to spend a little money, get off the strip, waste a little time or rest.
3	This mall doesnt contain alot of high end shops so you can actually afford to buy things here. The best thing about this mall is that it is not designed to get you lost and keep you imprisoned inside like Caesars Forum Shops.  This Mall actually has several points of escape should you become bored with shopping :)
5	Spent a lot of time walking around on a recent trip and enjoyed ourselves.
3	A fun place to hangout and shop, it's pretty much like every other mall shopping. Except the fact you can buy some booze and walk around with it. And definitely more on the mid scale of shopping prices.
4	My first time. Was excited. I will be back :)
2	Meh sums it up.You can hardly call this a mall, most of the casinos have more and better shopping, more restaurants and exciting things to see.We took a stoll, checked out all there was and were on our way.Yes, its nice, clean and new but there was nothing special about any of it.Save yourself the blisters for a more exciting walk elsewhere.
4	Most of the stores had a lot of sales going on. They had mostly high end stores like BCBG, French connection and Tommy Bahamas but they also had H&M and Sketchers which had a lot of 70% off sales. If you are at Planet Hollywood and need to buy a new outfit after upchucking the night prior all over your luggage, it would be a good place to find something. Just saying. Not that I'd know from personal experience. ;)
4	Shops, food wafting through the air, mixed with smoke, beer & sweat, who could ask for more!It's Vegas, be happy there is a mile of air conditioned things to do. All you need is in one place and you can't miss the people watching experiences.
4	What better way to spend some hard earned cash and then have some entertaining people watching to do as well! Love the ambiance of the miracle mile. Also love the fact that they have a jamba juice inside :)
5	Fat Tuesday's is in this place this is why this is my favorite mall. Its got other things in here as well but that's my spot. Its very nice clean and the staff that work here are so cool. They have items for your budget and you wont go broke here. I give it five stars total. For the food & the fun. I do believe the most fun I had at a mall was here at the miracle mile shops. You can take the entire family out here and have a ball together. Never a dull moment this mall has a lot to offer.
3	An array of stores here to shop at or just browse.  There are plenty of restaurants to choose from for whatever cuisine you desire.  You want entertainment?  Well, there are several shows to choose from at the Miracle Mile Shops.For the most part, we will come here to because it's pretty cool just to hang out here and people watch.  Also, it's a good place to escape the smoke filled casinos.  During the hot summer months anywhere with air conditioning like the Miracle Mile Shops is terrific to go to.
5	Shops I can actually afford! There's a great selection of shops here I actually want to go into and I can afford. Self parking is very convenient, enter from Harmon Ave. The main walkway is wide and bright. And the layout is a simple oval, unlike other casino malls that are confusing to navigate. There are many bars and restaurants, including Planet Hollywood casino.
2	Not the best mall to shop few chain stores nothing great. Mainly just get harassed by the sales people trying to sell you everything at the kiosk stands. I found this place somewhat annoying to shop.
4	One of the places I like to visit while in Vegas.Great place for window shopping and getting lost! Awesome selection of shops. Most of them open till midnight. So you have plenty of time to window shop.
4	There are lots of stores here and quite a few restaurants.  It's a great place to get out of the heat and walk around and if you don't want to spend crazy amounts of cash at the nearby high-end and designer stores then this mall offers a lot of the standard places like any other mall around the country.
4	Finally! A mall i can afford LOLLocated at Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino lies a mall geared towards the modest budget.. "translation" If you happen to loose HUGE at the craps tables, this is the place you probably wanna hit up. ;). You got your souvenir shops your low end to some high end stores  your restaurants (fat tuesdays)., A fountian show every 1/2 hour.. A giant Stripper statue u can stand under and do countless obscene things to..... what??... just me?... i know I'm not the only one... -__-. A pretty stylish place with lots of color, lights and cool architecture ;)
4	Great shopping in a centralized location. Has everything you need from Restaurants to procurements such as emergency needs e.g. Socks, pharmacy needs, clothing, tattoo parlor, show tickets. There is a simulated thunderstorm they do every hour or half hour in the center. The painted cloud ceiling looks to be emulated from the Caesars Forum shops. Not bad
4	Mall that adjoins Planet Hollywood. Typical mall shops, nothing that really stands out except the ABC stores. That's right, the ones from Hawaii! I scored some cute Vegas Hello Kitty socks for about $5 or so. The layout is really easy so you don't get lost and the shops close around 11:00 pm or midnight depending on the day of the week. One highlight was the Razzle Dazzle spray to clean your jewelry. Located at one of those kiosks, I was a skeptic. However when they sprayed that stuff on my topaz and diamond ring it totally sparkled. I bought a small bottle for about $10.Also ran into some guys in front of MAC who insisted on taking their photo with me. I was tired and hungry, but kindly obliged. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/miracle-mile-shops-las-vegas?select=TtBtg0BIkVTR-YWNpFTRxA#TtBtg0BIkVTR-YWNpFTRxA
3	This used to be a cool mall to go to - 10 or so years ago.I'm from Hawaii, so we didn't have a lot of the stores that Miracle Mile has - we only got Victoria's Secret and Bath and Body Works within the last 5 years...maybe shorter!This past trip, I really only wanted to stop at H&M - which was a disappointing experience.I don't think I'll be returning here on any future trips.
4	I always spend time in these shops, if just to get out of the heat for awhile.   Large variety of stores to choose from along with restaurants and art stores.   Take time to watch the rain storm, too.
4	NO 4G or LTE signal. I missed out on a lot of shopkicks. The available seating areas are hard as a rock. Made it real uncomfortable as I sat and waited as the girls did their shopping.  I felt like I was on punishment. And then no internet access! Minutes felt like hours!
4	A great choice to shop/window shop at the height of summer in Vegas. Parking is adequate and you will not wilt from the heat outside. So many shops and restaurants to choose from. Not a fan of their restrooms. The only place that does not have air-conditioning so guess what? I saw roaches. Yuck.I'd still come back to visit the many different shops and restaurants and to watch the rainstorm show, but I'd make sure to use the restroom of the restaurant instead.
3	Yay, Sephora! So I can blow my budget not on liquor or gambling but on makeup! I also picked up a really great swim cover up from Bikini Bay. One of my friends got a pair of Steve Madden flats for $10 on clearance, so it wasn't a complete waste of a mall. I just wish there was a Nordstrom so I could buy my exclusive mascara, oh well. Those kiosk workers are super annoying and Nestle overwhelmingly smells like cookies when you walk by (that's how they get drunk people!) My favorite part is that we could walk partly through the air conditioning to get to other casinos instead of completely walking outside, it's a big deal when it's 110 out!
5	Budget friendly mall...great place to shop or window shop.  (I personally had a great time time splurging at Sephora, Ben Sherman and other stores.)  ...and it's a great place to people watch - with the occasional celebrity sighting.  On my last visit  (last week), Mike Tyson was shopping with a security entourage.
2	bunch of shops.. nothing extroardinary..
4	Unless you got money to blow like Drake, you probably will be a window shopper here. Pretty and clean and open, but pricey!I enjoyed going to united colors of benetton, the young man there was so cute and helpful and sweet and friendly! Theres actually nice people in this sinful city!
3	the mall was like oh my god jaw dropping. people are so friendly here and its so clean and beautiful. its kinda pricey like everything in the store but whatever and  the view from my room was whatever . enjoyed my stay here though!
4	Great shopping and great selection of Restaurants.  My favorite is the PBR rock bar and grill for some grub and beer ( when I used to drink)  and for a kick in the pants you need to go to the bathrooms in between the S theatre and the Street Corner convenience store.  I'm sure the Men will find this more amusing.  These bathrooms are equipped with what looks like a park bench style pot that sticks out of the wall.  These are connected to another pot on the other side of the wall which goes into the womens restroom.  In the event you have to drop the kids off at the pool and someoneof a larger size sits down on the other side or adjusts themselves to get comfortable you WILL notice because it will feel like a see saw.  Depending on how bad the other person on the opposite side has to go will determine if you have to sit through a rodeo episode or park horse ride.  Yes, I am guilty.. I did give someone the National rodeo champion episode a few years back in retaliation and yes.. I just gave a review on a bathroom.
4	OMG! Can't believe I'm reviewing another mall...dang ex....she dragged me to all these malls and it's like I have to go and review to be fair....ugh..rant over...now onto review.  This is actually more than just a mall, as it has two theaters, some eateries and a thunderstorm light show.  The eateries looked really cool.  I wanted to try a lobster roll as I've never had one, but was kinda hesitant.  However, Gordon Ramsey's BURGR is connected and the theaters are surprisingly big.  I was in the V theater and it was nice.  All and all, very good mall that even a guy can tolerate.:-)
4	The circle of stores is accessible from the parking garage so you don't have to go through the casino.  Well lit with quite a few dining options (try the Lobster Rolls at Lobster ME)  A wide range of stores makes the Miracle Mile more of an everyman's mall as opposed to the rich man ones at Caesars, Bellagio, etc.  You will find most of the standards here.  There is a restaurant around every curve and Blondies, Stripper bar, and cheeseburger surround the theater.This place always seems bustling and if you can avoid the timeshare salesman and survey thugs you can have a fun time shopping.
4	In all my trips to Vegas I never realized how huge this shopping center was. I assumed it was just the shops you were able to see from the outside. Not so, it's a full blown mall basically. There were tons of shops, places to get drinks, and places to eat. The mall in general was very well kept and clean. We did notice however that certain areas have poor cell reception, so if you need your phone you might have some trouble. They have this weather simulation show that happens at the top of every hour. It simulates fog, lightning, thunder, and even rain! This won't blow your mind, but its interesting to see once.
2	So, I was really expecting some upscale shops, but I didn't really see many.  Went to a couple cheapie stores and bought some tops buy one get one free.  One store had a black dress that I can easily make at home for $149.  There was nothing special about it either.Other than that, the only semi upscale shops I saw were Swarovski, Original Penguin, French Connection, bebe, Tommy Bahama, and United Colors of Benetton.
4	I think the Miracle Mile Shops are awesome, mainly because it stays open until 11. We know most malls close at 9, but having one being open at 11 is so convenient and cool. You're expecting the mall to be closing, but then you find out you have 2 more hours to shop! Pure bliss...The entrance to the shops is very cool and bright, and it contains a lot of shops for your shopping needs. The most awesome one is probably the All Saints store, which is the first one I've seen! I don't think they have any of the really upscale fashion houses like LV or Gucci however.
4	Have not been here in a few years, surprise to see some shops still here, but sad others are gone, used to love Sur la table! Roughly about 170 stores, many restaurants and of course the casino just inside! There are a few bling and glitz stores, just as many shoe stores and some good food places!Nice indoor cool place to brouse, shop, and just hang out.
4	It's still strange to me that there's a mall in the middle of the Vegas strip. Oh, I know they don't call it a mall, but if it looks like a mall, acts like a mall, and smells like a mall...well, then it's a mall in my book.You know that typical indoor-mall smell I'm referring to. Don't look at me like you don't!I love that there are casino entrances dotted all along the different passages. Just in case you're experiencing withdrawals from gaming or buffets or alcohol, you can dart in to a casino, get your fix, and then stagger back out to the mall.There are quite a few good stores here, which also surprised me. I mean, hell - there's a Chinese Laundry right across the way from a Steve Madden! It's a good thing I don't live in Vegas!The mall itself is a bit confusing for directionally-challenged people like myself, but it's not like you can get lost or anything. The entire area was clean and bright, it's almost easy to forget that you're in Las Vegas...until you stumble upon the giant stripper girl in front of a restaurant.Still, it's climate-controlled, they have a ton of parking available, and you can pretty much find anything you need at any stop along the way. As malls go, this one isn't so bad.
4	You can literally make a day out of this place between all the shops, restaurants, and casino action. Don't let the thought of shopping on The Strip keep you away! The options and prices at the Miracle Mile will satisfy all walks of life. Oh, and they have a huge self-parking/valet garage attached right on Harmon Ave!I got 50% off everything at The Gap on Black Friday. I'm a happy boy.
4	It's a nice change of pace from all the high end shops in which only a small percent of folks that go to Vegas can actually afford (or willing to pay the price).The MMS (Miracle Mile Shops) is located central Vegas Strip at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.  It's like your mall back home (where ever it may be).  They have your typical stores like Journey's (shoes), GAP, H&M, Urban Outfitters, Guess, etc.  There's a few spots to wine and dine in between each store as well as kiosks that sell everything from cell phone cases to hair straighteners.  There's even a theater that has variety shows.You can easily spend half the day roaming around this place.  Given that the decor isn't as nice as other spots like the Forum Shops at Ceasars or at the Palazzo or Venitian, it's still well done and again has more affordable brands to choose from.
3	Would've rated this 3 1/2 stars but since there isn't one well 3 it is!This shop was great knowing that it was connected with the hotel I stayed in, and very convenient knowing I didn't have to walk far at all.  I just wish this shopping place wasn't so confusing!  If you like a particular store, do yourself a favor and just walk in, because if you try to find it later you will get lost.  I'm pretty sure I walked around in circles trying to find certain stores.  Other than that it's a cool place, good shops, lots of restaurants around.
3	Tired of swanky boutiques? Top notch celebrity restaurants? Then head on over to the Miracle Mile Shops.  You could probably buy 10 purses for the same price you would shell out for one Louis Vuitton.  And you could even get something other than the brown poo color.  Get your Britney concert shirts here and "Work Bitch" gloves. The shops here are probably more like the shops you would go to when you go to the mall in your hometown.  Unless your hometown is Costa Mesa or Beverly Hills.  And if AYCE Vegas buffets just seem to be  edging higher and higher in price for you, there is a Todai you could go to.  Coming here helps me to break away from the Vegas fantasy for a moment, and puts me in touch with the harsh reality of my life.  Then I could go back to my hotel and continue pretending. But what I truly appreciate is the layout of the shopping center itself.  It is fairly circular so I can go from one end to another without any weird overlap or dejavu. Don't forget to experience a desert rainstorm indoors.  Imagine that, who wouldn't think that this is fantastic when you are actually in the desert...outdoor real rainstorms are so overrated...and wet.
5	You can really catch some great deals if you look around here. I went into a Frederick's of Hollywood and got 7 Cuteass panties for $25! They were ribbons and lace and shit. Hot stuff. Great for strip teasing in the bedroom. Lol
4	MMS sports numerous restaurants, bars, artsy places, clothing stores and souvenir shops as well as a couple ABC stores.  This is more of a mini mall than a tourist trap and it's a great escape from the smokey atmosphere of the casino and hotel.
3	***Unlike the interior of the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino, this mall (attached to that casino) has a very clean and modern look; they have your standard mall shops, but they also have Earl of Sandwich (a popular, low-cost alternative to the many overpriced Las Vegas restaurants) and the only Garrett Popcorn in town (a very popular Chicago popcorn brand that mixes salty artificial cheese popcorn with caramel popcorn in their Chicago Mix)***I have never parked here, but I imagine Planet Hollywood offers complimentary self and valet parking like all the other major hotels and casinos on The Strip.
4	Miracle Mile Shops are connected to the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino and Elara Hilton Hotels which, I usually stay when I'm in town.  Very convenient to come right downstairs to shops, restaurants and entertainment.  Now, they have 2 ABC stores at MMS (memories of Oahu, Hawaii).  The deco or ambiance of MMS.  The shops are sometimes over priced if you're a bargain hunter you need to go to the Premium Outlets (North and South). We had fun at Pampas Brazilian Restaurant and Cheese Burgers located next to the V theater. Show a few good shows and had a few good meals.
4	Miracle Mile shops is a tiny, tiny, teeny, circular strip mall. I rated it down one star because it does have a few random stores and attractions that seem really out of place. Yet, for you, my fellow Yelpers, I have compiled a list of the actual useful stores you might want to pay attention to: H&M, Sephora, Victoria Secret, Lola, Fat Tuesday, Earl of Sandwich, and the ABC store. Just think of it this way..you can drink, get your makeup done, get a sandwich, eat dinner, buy some new clothes, and get aspirin for tomorrow's hangover -- all at the same mall! I prefer to think of this mall as having a random adventure :)
4	As far as Casino shopping goes this is my favorite.  I don't go out of my way to go here but when I do I like the easy underground valet parking that leads right into the shops.  I like that it's not filled with high end establishments that I would only window shop and not step foot in.  Instead, it's got stores like Ann Taylor Loft, Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body Works, Urban Outfitters, etc.  It's perfect for a day of shopping with my girls because we can grab lunch and drinks for a reasonable price and gamble a little and call it a day.  Add to that you can't beat the people watching the Strip offers.
5	Would be 4.5 stars...This mall is part of the Planet Hollywood Resort. This place has a lot of stores for you to check out. Prices there range from cheap to very pricey. The interiors and decorations of the mall looked really cool. They even have water fountains that are lit up, and sometimes synchronized with random music (pics attached). They also have the thunderstorm show too, which was really worth watching. I actually watched that while sitting at a table eating at Panda Express. It was a perfect view from where I was sitting. Overall, it was worth coming here.
3	So where should I start, there is 2 theaters in here very modern and always stays clean, same as the miracle mile shops, never dirty always has a nice clean look. Lots of entertainment, many different places to eat, my personal favorite is LobsterMe. About 6 sunglass shops alot of clothing stores and a few massage places for a good price. Some places here are really cheap considering the location. You get what you pay for. Anyways for tourists I say you should check it out maybe even some of the shows but you can't go wrong with the shopping.
4	There are a few casino malls on my must do list, and this is one of them.  Attached to the Planet Hollywood Casino, the Miracle Mile is quite large.  Parking garage is pretty big but can get challenging during its busy hours.  Unlike my other favorite casino malls at Caesars or Venetian, you will find shops that you can afford to purchase items.  It also has more affordable good restaurant choices too.  It cannot compare to the designs of Caesar or Venetian as far as the design, high end botiques and wow factors, but it still will blow you away.  I find myself coming here and so should you.
2	Very expensive only time we stroll through is when we are stopping in for a show no locals in their right mind would shop here
1	Do NOT  purchase anything from Big Balls kiosk.  What kind of "business" won't give you a refund on something you bought 10 minutes ago and realized it will not make the plane ride home??!?  It's cheap plastic crap, and they would only do an exchange, even though it's not posted on their crap cart, or the receipt.
2	This mall is a lot like what you would experience anywhere else, except more aggressive kiosk and store salespeople. We were not going here for the mall experience, but rather to get to the V theater for a show. We were hounded, or I should say actually run down by these salespeople. In particular there is a store called Adore Cosmetics. They have two locations in this mall, but the other one goes by a different name. They have this really cool bait and switch routine...like a vegas magic show. They pulled my wife and I in by giving her some hand lotion packet - which she took. The lady used that exchange to grab her hand and say something about another item they were going to give us. We were wisked away to this nice Asian lady who applied a wrinkle product under our eyes. We had a few minutes to kill before the show so I let her have at it. This turned out to be much longer than that. The product I discovered (after further research) was not at all what they told us it was. They used an instant eye-lifter...basically a super agressive temporary wrinkle reducer you can find at Walgreens for $20. Most people have not experienced these products but the results extreme and temporary, tightening the skin up like nothing else you could imagine. The product they tried to pretend was what they used in there $800-1500 eye serum and cream. They will constantly reduce cost as you threaten to leave with all sorts of stories about how it will only be that price for another few hours, other discounts I am sure as you head closer to the door. You can get the same exact product on Amazon for about $40, but that is still not the product they used on us which is more temporary and dramatic lift product. I never buy from these types of operations, and this magic show was no exception. I can't imagine all the customers who get baited in by this and realize later there are no returns, and it was actually a different product they used all together. The actual product they use (eye serum and cream) is actually good (I found out later) but not $800 or $400 dollars good. These are from Israel and go by Permier Dead Sea cosmetics, etc. Another kiosk-based mall operation with an even worse reputation than Adore. Same products, same gimmick however.  The instant wrinkle product they used (and pretended it was their eye serum and cream) goes by Peter Thomas Roth Instant FIRmx Eye, Wrinkle Magic, Eye Magic, 90 second Eye lift, etc. for between $30-40.  Like I said bait n' switch for a different product completely.As far as the mall, do yourself a favor and visit the forum at Ceasars, Venetian, or City Center. This place is a flea market comparatively.
2	This mall is grossly outgunned by the newer and better designed competitors farther up the strip. After taking a couple minutes to flip through reviews, the one common observation in all the highly rated reviews is they are written by people who have not seen any of the other malls at the time of their review. The ventilation in here is atrocious. It's a funky mix of bus stop and hotel rot. And if you're walking around wondering why the decor doesn't make any sense, I'll tell you. Before this hotel became Planet Hollywood, it was the Aladdin, so, the whole Eastern motif was ok. Back in the day, this mall was decent, before you had the finer experiences at Caesars forum, Venetian, etc. etc. There is one good thing about this mall. If you have the time, there's a sweet Brazilian Steakhouse near the north entrance. Too bad they didn't build the whole mall out of steak.
5	Love love love love love this place!  I was able to find crystal covered shoes here that I wasn't able to find anywhere else and their clothes are definitely that which is unique.  You can literally show up in Vegas without a suitcase and hit this mall and find something for any event, whether you're trying to dress up for a club, dress classy for a wedding, or just get some relaxing threads.It's also nice you can grab a bite to eat at some truly amazing restaurants and relax after all your retail therapy.  Every time I hit Vegas I always go with the plan of spending money here at the Miracle Mile Shops.
1	My senior parents bought this product at a retail store in las vegas during a trip . Tony at the Adore store at the miracle mile shops in vegas assured my mom that the $491.86 of Adore product including the facial peeling gel would work wonders. He allowed her 30 days to test the product and get a full refund if not satisfied. He hand wrote this full refund claim. My mom tested the product in New York and after 2 weeks contacted Tony at the Adore booth at 3663 las vegas blvd and was told to file a customer claim form.After weeks of waiting, my parents called Tony back and were told to dispute the refund through their credit card. Nothing ever came of that even after repeated followups. The credit card cannot help as they say that Tony at the Adore shop manipulated the sales receipt. There are no refunds and Tony scammed my parents. Adore will not help as they say you can only return unopened packages. So how is someone supposed to test it to see if it helps !! The product made no difference in  my mom's skin. Do not buy this product as it is ineffective. And do not give Tony at the Adore at 3663 Las Vegas Blvd any of your trust.
2	EH. I needed to kill some time after checking out of my hotel at 3pm (flight was scheduled for almost 9pm), so I took a cab here for some shopping. While the interior looked pretty cool (the painted ceilings and architecture were definitely kitschy), the selection of stores was very mediocre. Quite a few souvenir shops, all of which sell the same crap. I went into a few stores I frequent at home, such as Sephora and H&M, but was unimpressed by most everything else. Also, while this is going to make me sound like a technology snob, I couldn't get past the fact that I couldn't get service while inside the mall. I ended up spending about an hour at a Starbucks on my iPad, and after circling the mall four times, went to the airport three hours early. I can almost guarantee that you'll enjoy this place more than I did, especially if you're drinking and with friends. I was alone and sober, so maybe I was just bitter and jaded.
5	One of my fave malls to walk through in Vegas.  They have lots of decent priced stores.  And their Urban Outfitters has one of the best sales I've ever seen.  Love it!They also have a Fat Tuesdays in here so you can get your drink on.  And lots of great restaurants like BRGR and Earl's.
5	We went in here for the first time about 3 weeks ago and loved it, u name it they have it here. The parking structure is conveniently located on Harmon Bl and you enter the mall from there. Movie theatre, food court, art galleries, an inside rain show every hour, convenience store, and plenty of apparel and specialty shops. Its perfect for the person who wants to shop but not go broke doing it, if you like the expensive shops you wont find many here, this mall is for us working people. You could seriously spent an entire day here. My girls spent their time in the galleries, they love art. I shopped until i dropped. We have added this to our list of places to go to on our Vegas trips.
1	Don't buy anything from the Dead Sea Premier Kiosk - Please Read!  I was there this past weekend and got sucked into a demo. The results were absolutely amazing - the puffiness and lines under and around my right eye INSTANTLY disappeared.  I am turning 45 this year and the cream they applied to my right eye made it look like I was 20 years old again - no lie. But I just couldn't bring myself to spend $270 on the product and so I walked away with my right eye looking 20 and my left eye looking 45! Problem is, my friend was so impressed with the results that she bought a jar of the "Premier Supreme Instant Tightening Face Lift" and they threw in a "free" bottle of toner and a "free" bottle of glycolic acid exfoliating gel. They emphasized multiple times that they are selling you the product at an incredible discount and even show you the Premier Dead Sea Skin Products website where this product is sold for $799!  The morning after my friend bought the products, she came to my hotel room to apply the cream to my left eye.  She opened the sealed box and started to unscrew the lid to the jar.  The lid "popped" off exposing what looked like an oxidized and rusty metallic cover that once sealed the jar shut.  The cream in the jar looked gray and lumpy - nothing like the stuff they applied to my eye the day before.  It appeared as though the box of cream had somehow become spoiled (rancid) because the foil seal failed.  My friend was disappointed but decided to go back to the kiosk to exchange the product because she genuinely wanted to use it.  The guy (he was either the manager or the owner) who sold it to her the day before wasn't there but a girl who was there agreed to the exchange.  I urged my friend to open the new box and the jar to make sure she didn't get another spoiled jar. As soon as I did this, a second male employee charged toward me, pointing his finger in my face and yelling at me that they were dealing with my friend and this was none of my business.  I was so shocked that I moved about 30 feet from the kiosk because I didn't want to embarrass my friend.  The first box/jar they opened was spoiled....the second box/jar they opened was spoiled.....this went on 6 more times (a total of 8 boxes/jars of very expensive spoiled/rancid product) before my friend decided to ask for a refund.  The girl (who is now starting to get snippy) told my friend that she didn't even know how to process a refund because their policy is to never give them.  My friend said that she was not taking a rotten jar of cream so the girl called the manager who sold the jar the day before.  He told my friend that he would mail a new jar to her home in San Diego, but at this point my friend didn't want to take a chance of receiving and being stuck with a spoiled/rancid product that she couldn't use or return so she again asked for a refund.  The manager who just the day before spent over an hour buttering us up and gushing about how wonderful the product was, suddenly copped an extremely rude attitude (as if my friend purposely did something to the jar of cream to make it rancid) and barked at her that because she didn't bring the "free" gifts with her, they could only give her $50 back.  She explained that she never intended to ask for her money back but only wanted to exchange the bad product for a jar of good product.  It wasn't her fault that all of their "face lift" cream was rancid and she shouldn't be punished or forced to pay for something that they were willing to give away for "free".  She also offered to mail them back both of the unopened "free" gifts but they refused her offer.  After about 15-20 minutes of trying to get her money back, it finally occurred to me that these shady, unethical predators knew full well they were selling bad product.  They never once apologized for the rancid product or acted surprised that they couldn't find a "good" jar of cream.  Once my friend realized they didn't have any good jars and asked for her money back, they became very rude and defensive (bordering on abusive) in their attempt to make my friend feel downright guilty for questioning the quality of their product.  They prey on unsuspecting, vulnerable out of town visitors who may be starting to show the early signs of aging.  They tell you only to use the product once a week - this is important and ensures that you don't open the crap they've sold you until you are back home where you can't exchange it or ask for your money back.  They eventually agreed to "let" her pay $50 for the "free" toner and $50 for the "free" exfoliating gel (they told her both products retailed for $100 each) - in the end they refunded her $170.  When I got home, I found you could buy both of these $100 items from amazon.com - the toner sells for $25 and the exfoliating gel is $11.  The bottom line is that these evil predators make a very nice living conning people out of their hard-earned money.
4	Not a bad mall. It has the essentials in terms of shopping. There are eateries scattered around. There are plenty of options for the non picky eaters. Good place to come and people watch. Good place to come and cool off on a hot summer day. Seating isn't the most comfortable but I guess @ least there is seating. Haha.
3	These shops have a bit of an identity crisis.The last time I was in Vegas, the night I left was the opening of the new Aladdin.Yes it was wrought with issues, money and otherwise.. so they ended up selling and through a bunch of hoops and curves around the bend, it became now what is Planet Hollywood hotel.What they will no doubt tell you was paying homage to the old tenant, but to me, just comes off as a bit lazy.. they have half of a newer feeling decorated area of shopping.. and then the other half is like a bazaar in the middle east. This is all highlighted by the fun.. and previously reviewed (go ahead.. take a look. I'll wait.).........(you good?)Harbour Rainstorm which is fun, but feels incredibly out of place in a hotel called Planet Hollywood.The actual shopping within the confines supplies a pretty decent smattering of different types of shops. The ABC stores are pretty decently priced but for the most part, and in spite of the absolute saturation of shopping on the strip.. they are tourist level pricing.
3	This is the cheaper counterpart to the Forum Shops at Caesar's. One of my biggest complaints is probably how CONFUSING this mall is -- I think the structure of the original Aladdin's isn't really helping Planet Hollywood. For example, one weekend, I spent all this time trying to find Urban Outfitters only to keep ending up at a dead end. And to top it all off, I asked an employee at another store, and she was clueless. It seems that this mall confuses EVERYONE. But nonetheless, there's a great affordable variety here -- H&M, Victoria's Secret, Fredrick's, etc. Then you have a little more expensive with Sephora, Urban Outfitters, and American Apparel. As you can see, the selection is pretty young, which fits in with the hotel.There's a lot of GROUPONS available for restaurants in the Miracle Mile Shops, such as Ocean Grille and some burger places.
4	Wow, if you are looking for the change for lunch/dinner between the cushions of your hotel sofa because Vegas has sucked you out of your money, look no further, walk down to the Miracle Mile shops. It's a miracle how cheap everything is in this complex. You can find your standard fast food chains that charge normal prices, the ABC (?) store that sells you gatorade, water, booze at reasonable prices as well as non luxury shopping stores for some cheap shirts/pants if you need them.  I'm not sure if we made a wrong turn while in the shops, but it definitely seemed like we walked a mile, but somehow exited adjacent to where we initially entered so maybe it's a big loop? Not sure, but definitely a place to go to if you're trying to do Vegas on the cheap!!
1	Avoid Adore skin care products AT  ALL COSTS. The products are highly allergenic, the sales techniques are very high pressure, and we were not told that the products were non refundable before purchase.  This appears to be a SCAM. We were deliberately not given receipts that stated the refund policy. The only receipt we were given DID NOT state this policy. AVOI D ADORE.
4	First off, we are not big shoppers. That being said, we love this place. There is quite a selection of restaurants, several offer bargain breakfasts. We seem to go to La Salsa Cantina the most, the 99 cent Bloody Marys are small but tasty. We have been to quite a few of the reasonably priced shows at the V Theater. So glad they built this right across the street from our timeshare.
4	Great shops! Great place to hang out and people watch!
5	This place has tons of stores! They have original/unique Vegas stores and also shops that you might find in any other mall. My favorite new discovery was the Alex and Ani store.I also love that they have an ABC store here. The mall is huge.... Yes, a mile! But you don't realize that while you walk around. There are plenty of restaurants and places to sit.There are also several places to exit to get back to the casino. Beware of people at the kiosks in the mall. They might try to hustle you.
3	The Miracle Mile Shops have a great variety of stores of different types and prices (although price-wise, you won't have difficulty remembering that you're still in Las Vegas).  I don't know if it's actually a mile long, but the mall entertainingly winds for a long distance, interspersed with theaters, restaurants, and a couple water features (one which provides a regularly scheduled "rainstorm").  The dim lighting, shopfronts (two-story shop-homes of Middle East design), and ceiling (cloudy sky) -- all left over from when this was the Bazaar of the Aladdin Hotel -- add character.  All the stores I stopped in had friendly, patient staff.
1	Avoid the Adore skin care shop at the Miracle Mile. It is a SCAM. The salesmen are Israelis masquerading as Italians, and they are very high pressure - they even brag about their "skills" to the unfortunate customers. The products are highly allergenic and they do not give refunds-AND THEY DO NOT TELL YOU THIS! We stopped payment on our credit card, stopped the delivery of the products so we did not have them, and they STILL want to be paid for products we do not have. Stay away from this place.
4	It is a mile of shops!  All indoors an air-conditioned!!  Men, plenty of places to sit and enjoy the view.   Prices were comparable to any mall.
3	Not really your "Only find this in Vegas" shopping mall..  Except for maybe the Vegas Store!It is an okay mall, with stores you'd see in most malls.  So you can afford to shop here unlike lots of the high-end shopping spots.  But, why would you?Well, if you are wanting to beat the heat and avoid the strip for a while AND you are already here, why not?  But that's really not an endorsement.Personally, I love window shopping the designer stores elsewhere in Vegas like The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace and The Grand Canal Shops.  That's the fun of shopping on the strip.As far as the Miracle Mile goes, this basically the same mall it was when it was under the ownership of the Aladdin.  With a few cosmetic changes.  I liked the old Aladdin feel much better.For a really enjoyable shopping experience with tried and true retailers, some upscale shopping and dining options, in an open air, relaxed European village atmosphere, go to Town Square.  Away from the strip, dine, take in a movie or just stroll at a comfortable pace. Now, THAT'S a fun shopping experience.
3	A pretty good selection of shops and to people watch. It is cheaper to drink and watch a game there than the nearby restaurants.
5	I can't believe I'm writing a review for a mall, but I am and it's just that good.First-off they call it the Miracle Mile because that's what it is if you make the entire lap of the mall.  It's single-story which is nice.  Quite a wide variety of shops, restaurants and theaters contained within.  It's a great place to walk-off that extra helping you just had at the buffet!
3	It's just a mall. But hey, it's a mall with normal mall prices in the middle of the strip! It's a convenient place to pop in to pick up something that you may have forgotten at home or to replace that shirt that you ruined the night before.
4	After hitting all the shops in this labyrinth of stores, it certainly feels like you walked a lot more than a mile. The good thing about this mall (that's connected to the Planet Hollywood hotel aka the old Aladdin) is that there's a nice variety of stores and the prices won't blow the bank.  There's a nice mix of standard mall brands along with some interesting shops that sell a variety of items - from clothing to jewelry to art.What I like about this mall is that it's close to the Paris, which is sorely lacking in terms of any real shopping options (which to some may be a good thing).  It's also a short walk away from the Cosmopolitan and the Bellagio as well.Personally I just like wandering around these shops whenever I'm not in the mood to gamble in the hotel or just need a break from the action.  The restaurants here are so so, though it's nice to see the Todai seafood buffet here.  The food there is actually decent so it's worth stopping by if you're not in the mood for the standard hotel buffet.
1	Victoria's Secret has the all time worst service. You would think the salesgirls would help you find your size in an item that you like when you consider how very high their prices are. This Victoria's Secret sits right across from Frederick's of Hollywood where the salesgirls do everything they can to help you. Went into Victoria's Secret tonight to pick up their deal of 3 panties for $33 which when you think of it, isn't that great of a deal - each panty costs $11. I had seen the panties in their latest catalog (you usually get about 10 catalogs a week from them  : o ). I found the first pair of the three that I wanted very easily on my own. The second pair was impossible to find in my size!!!  A salesgirl came up to me & asked me if I needed help. I said, "Yes!"  As soon as I answered her, she said she forgot that she needed to do something else and simply walked away! I kept looking for my size, when a second salesgirl came up & asked to help me. I told her I couldn't find the panties I wanted in a medium. She made no attempt to help me locate the size & style I wanted; she simply said look in the drawers marked medium & walked away. I got frustrated searching so I gave up & left. I had wanted to buy the 3 panties & a bottle of perfume but it was too aggravating to stay there & hunt for what you want when the store is stocked with sales help that can't be bothered with you. I left & went to Frederick's & bought an adorable chemise for a much more reasonable price & was helped the entire time by the sweetest girl. The only way to shop at Victoria's Secret if you are simply determined to overpay for an item, is online. It is no wonder that new sites such as "Adore Me" are taking over the lingerie market. They have excellent quality lingerie at amazingly reasonable prices. Good bye Vic Secret. I won't miss you. You suck.
5	Stores are open super late. You can always find something to do! I can spend hours just roaming. All your needs are right here.
5	The only place I visited on the strip while recently in Vegas. I loved it! They were having some great sales. We had the chance to watch the rainstorm which was neat. It reminded me of rainforest cafe. I wish I had more time to shop!! Hopefully next time.
4	My go-to mall in Vegas when I need to hit ABC.  At part of Planet Hollywood, there are lots of restaurants, shops, entertainment.  Check out the Customer Service desk for a coupon book if you plan on shopping and eating in here as you can get free items if you spend a certain amount or a discount at places.  If you walk all the way around, from the doors on the Strip towards Harmon Ave, there are a few restaurants that and don't seem too busy.  There's a sushi and seafood all you can eat place that we didn't try but the price seemed reasonable at less than $30/person.  I'll put that on my list to try for next time.The location is great as it's pretty central and the hub for lots of street entertainers.  I like that it's not too crowded either and you can walk through at your own pace.  Lots of restrooms along the way too.
5	This is probably the best mall in Las Vegas ! It has a wide stores selection and great prices.They have an amazing restaurants and great women's care places. This is my favorite mall.
2	It's pretty much like an ordinary mall, with a couple of differences. 1, the decor is very nice, enjoyable and contributes a lot to the atmosphere. 2, the sales people are uncommonly aggressive, coming out of their stalls to corral you and do their best to hard-sell you something. I felt almost like I was in a middle-eastern souk, with merchants tugging at my sleeves. That part was very unpleasant, and is reason enough for me to stay away from here in the future.In particular, there was a shop selling cosmetics for prices that were beyond ridiculous - literally hundreds of dollars for a jar of goop. They practically drag you in there and it's difficult to leave. I barely got out with my wallet intact. Avoid this shop like the plague.Several impressive-looking restaurants are in here. I tried only one, and sadly it wasn't as good as its appearance promised.
3	Interesting to walk through. Thunderstorm is an interesting experience and mall decor is artistic. Shopping is high priced. We've been here twice and never buy anything. Kiosk sales people are relentless. We avoid them like the plague. A few nice restaurants and snack shops. Valet parking available via entrance off Harmon.
4	Large, diverse shopping mall containing most of the typical stores you might find at your local mall.  Not so extravagant as some of the other shopping locations in Vegas (think The Forum at Caesar's or Bellagio shops), but perfect for any basics needed and/or children's gifts & random perusing. There are plenty of eating & drinking establishments, and there is sporadic entertainment events, like a mini fashion / makeup show while we were there).  We found a cute little barking, walking puppy for the toddler, and some sports gear for the aspiring basketball star, as well as other useless touristy Vegas-themed paraphernalia. Cool place to visit for wasting some time.
5	Awesome mall on the strip, part of Planet Hollywood.  They have just about everything you could want plus lots of cool eateries.
4	I like this mall. You can easily get lost because the mall moves in a circular motion. Happy to know that there is an Urban Outfitters and a H&M store here. This mall has a cool thunderstorm scene here. I think there are like 4-5 sunglass specialty stores, 2 being Sunglass Hut.
4	Lots to see here folks! and is a good break if its tooooo hotttt outside. The mall has quite varieties of shops but also incorporates some restaurants and few theatres. Its is not as good as The Forum at Caesar's but is nice to check out.
