5	A delightful addition to the neighborhood--my new favorite cafe in Glendale.
5	I had heard of this place from a local blog and have been meaning to check it out. It's right off the freeway and I pass it daily on my commute. I ended up stopping by the other day with my daughter since I was in the neighborhood. She got a how chocolate and I picked up a Banana Bread Latte.First of all this place is huge! Probably the biggest coffee shop I've been in. The staff was very friendly and even played to my daughters needs while she ordered her own drink. The atmosphere was very pleasant and had a mix of clientele. The coffee was excellent and there was even free wifi which is always must have. They're even open till 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays which makes them that much better.If your in the Glendale area you should definitely check them out. I hear their food is great as well.
4	A friend asked me to meet him here and I was pleasantly surprised!The staff was friendly and efficient and the place itself was really modern looking, spread out, and clean. I also heard they have a separate room that you can rent out for study groups or small meetings, which is really nice. The drinks are good and not powdery tasting like some smaller coffee places. Their tea selection was also very gourmet and the acai white tea was amazing. The owner of Next was off work and just sitting down at a table reading the paper and having a drink with her husband and child, yet I saw her get up multiple times and walk drinks over to people or just ask how everything was. It was a happy medium between the corporate hand of huge coffee chains and the pretentious hipness of too small of coffee shops.
3	I enjoy going to coffee shops to do some reading or studying so I find myself at Next pretty often. But I am not sure why.Just walking in you see a very large coffee shop, not overly large but compared to any of the chains. My recent visits I have been immediately greeted by a friendly staff member who gives me some suggestions on what I should get. I love trying something new and different from previous visits so I usually listen to what she says. You can get any of the coffees hot, blended, or iced. I think I have tried all their specialty coffees at least once. They are all pretty good but it seems as if some of them should only be served hot and serving them iced or blended takes a lot away from the drink.They also have a variety of sandwiches and warps. Most of them are decent but nothing outstanding. They also have some fruit and salads which I only had once. A fruit and cheese plate was recommended and I went with it. Before I opened it I noticed the fruit looking pretty bad and as soon as I opened it I saw that the strawberry had indeed gone bad. Bringing the fact up to a staff member, she quickly gave me a different one but it wasn't much better. I will admit that in all my trips here I have never had the house coffee so I really can't say how it is. But of the specialty coffee is any indication then its probably decent.Its a pretty nice place. But I can get what I am looking for, coffee and a place to study, at any chain coffee shop, and I may be able to save some money.
3	Great seating area and location, with optional meeting room for private parties.  Convenient from the 101.  I see a lot of business professionals and medical students doing important looking tasks here, so it must be good!Seriously though, the coffee and food is rather average, but the atmosphere and location make up for it.  If you're tired of Starbucks and looking for a change then this may be the spot for you.
3	Okay. 'Next' offers a pretty good array of the caffeinated beverage. As far as location... whateverAs far as ambiance... whateverI've yet to try each bit of the selection, to convince the senses that this place is really what is ... "NEXT".
4	We have been hanging out the last 2 weeks for Gangplank NWPHX at Next. What a great place! Nice and big and the fact that they let us set up shop for an entire day is quite cool. I love the staff and the food is pretty good too. You'll have to swing by one Thursday and hang out with us, we have all sorts of fun. :) See you there!
4	This is the perfect place to chill or meet people on this side of town. The sandwiches and wraps are unforgettable as well as the coffee and tea to compliment. Tables and chairs are well laid out and not the cheap lot you find at the typical coffee chain. I've yet to hear any complaints about the Internet (WiFi password on receipt) or variety of power outlets. Overall, I think those who enjoy this place are those who don't value their self worth by which logo is on their cup.
2	I constantly try to like Next. I really do. It's close to where I study. They have unlimited refills on their coffee and....Well, it kinda ends there. The bottomless coffee is the only thing that gives them more than one star.See, their coffee (while containing the much needed caffeine I crave) constantly is either full of grounds or oily. Either way, it usually tastes like the pots are terminally unwashed.The food is hit or miss. I've tried a lot of what's on the menu. Most of the wraps have been left out too long and they certainly taste that way. On top of that, they halved the size of their sandwiches and wraps. Did the prices drop by half? Of course not. And it's not really like it was worth the prices they charged to begin with. However, I should temper that with the fact that their chicken quesadilla is both good AND worth what they charge for it. The meatloaf sandwich is pretty decent as well. Worth it if a $6.5 sandwich the size of a good meatball is up your alley.Service here is just as spotty. Most of the staff are generally friendly and competent barristas. There are a few I avoid ordering mixed drinks from, but it's never too bad. My biggest annoyance is when they're playing "talkative coffee shop person" and not tending to the queue forming. Or, what vexes me more: when they play the aforementioned "talkative coffee shop person" when they wander by cleaning and I'm obviously engrossed in studying.  Sometimes with headphones on.Oh yeah, and they're next to a college and they close at 10pm. That strikes me as a questionable business move. Then again, the 4 other coffee shops in the area do too, so I guess none of them care overmuch about tapping into the student market.
4	Checked out Next Coffee today for #GangplankNWThe place is spacious, with lots of tables, chairs, couches & bar areas to work from.On Thursdays & Friday's, they have an omelet bar, cooking up made to order omelets. I tried a veggie omelet with feta & parmesan & thoroughly enjoyed it.They have a couple different Iced Tea choices, with free refills included. I tried a green iced tea with fruit flavors & it hit the spot.The WiFi was acceptable for the majority of the time I was there. At one point, I could not pull any data & could not reach the DHCP server. After rebooting my PC, I was able to reconnect with no issues.Next is a great place to grab some coffee, tea, breakfast and meet up with some people. I'll be visiting regularly.
5	If you have work to get done and need lots of room, free wifi, great food and coffee - this is definitely your place!
4	FREEEEEE:- wifi- air conditioning- comfy seats to study in- happy and excellent serviceNice and convenient, this is my go-to coffee stop when I need to get down and serious with studying. Always bubblin' with lots of different customers, you'll never feel out of company. I love that they always have a great assortment of different foods to choose from everyday, from quick hunger fixes to elaborate and delicious meals! If you're a student, make sure to show your ID for a 10% discountMinus one star because I often seem to spend more than an arm and a leg for a drink....Other than that, it's not a bad idea to make Next your next stop!
5	They have a chai tea drink called the Himalayan Hammer. It sounds like a sex position.It's just as good as one.Nuff said.
1	Can I give a place zero stars?  Or better yet, a negative rating?  No?  Well then I'll just write out why that might need to be introduced (at least zero stars) and I'll let you decide.Next Coffee sucks.  The food sucks, the coffee sucks, the staff sucks (not as people, I'm sure they're all fine upstanding citizens, but generally not people I would want working at my hypothetical coffee shop).  The food consistently tastes old and stale.  The coffee continues to look more like an oil spill than anything any human should be ingesting.  If the carafes ever were cleaned, I might be able to taste something other than that film on my coffee.  The staff still seems as inattentive as they've ever been.  Much happier chatting to each other rather than actually serving the customers.  The wifi works....for PCs.  For whatever reason, Macs seem to have problems connecting to their network.Also, they removed the student discount for orders under $10.Here's what really annoys me though: they have ZERO impetus to improve or provide a decent product in any way, shape, or form.  Students will go there.  Students will buy their terrible food and drink their disgusting coffee.  They can take away the discount, and students will still go there because it's the easiest option.  They will continue to make money off of the customers that will flock there from the medical school next door.  Coffee and a place to study is all any medical student really needs.  Next, to be fair, provides these.  In the same way that an old banana peel and tissue paper could provide food and shelter.  They have their market cornered and can happily drop the quality of product since, no matter what, stressed and under caffeinated students will show up.If the place showed any positive signs whatsoever, I might be willing to give them another chance.  But for now, I'm gonna go to any of the number of coffee shops in the region that provide a decent product.  The easy option is definitely not the right one in this case.
5	I love Next Coffee. It's exactly what my neighborhood needed in the way of a coffee company that is constantly expanding and improving upon their already delicious menu. And to top it off, they're now serving wine and beer. Great deals abound and they even often tastings. Plenty of tasty treats too, but not just typical coffee fair. They have excellent lunch and dinner options as well.It's a student haven being across from Midwestern U, but the atmosphere isn't librarian at all. Some evening include music, poetry or comedy entertainment.You need to find out what's coming up Next!
4	We went to Next about a week or so ago.  I got coffee and the wife got some sort of fancy foamy drink, which I can't remember right now.  I did think that there prices for lattes/frappes/etc. were a little bit higher than the nationals.  Anywho, I got my coffee cup and went over to the side to choose from the two coffees that were up there.  I must have gone during a switch because when I topped off on the way out the door, there were now four coffees available.  The coffee was quite good and I liked the atmosphere.  I could definitely see going back here and having a coffee drink and hanging out, maybe even on the patio outside.I rated Next 3.5 stars and was debating between rounding up or rounding down.  I decided to go up based solely on the employees.  Not only were they friendly the day of service, each of the next week we were recognized when we went to the farmer's market that is in the center and Next had a table set up.  Definitely impressed with that.
4	Let's see - food? check. drinks? check. free wifi? check. Need I say more? Perfect place to study/work. Spacious w/plenty of tables and outlets. Cashiers are very helpful.
1	Edited to add: GOOD THEY CLOSED. NO SURPRISE!I would like to add to Michael D's comment, much of which echoes my experience with Next.Recently I went there during a bellydance performance. The hours are clearly posted as being open until 10pm. I showed up around 9:45pm; the place had at least two dozen people in it watching bellydance, as well as a few tables where folks were finishing eating. A reasonable person would assume they were still open for business, given all of this, yes? Well, silly me. THE DOOR WAS LOCKED. A customer opened the door and let me in.Then I walked up to the counter, foolishly thinking that someone would sell me a coffee or at least have the courtesy to tell me that they were not serving any longer. I stood there like an idiot for 3 full minutes while about the entire staff walked right by me and avoided making eye contact. RUFKM? Wow. There was also a woman whom I assumed to be either the owner or the manager, judging by the way she was dressed, her imperious attitude and utter refusal to make eye contact with any of us or even say a goddamned word of greeting to myself or anybody. It was like it was a huge imposition on her that anybody was still there.I also let in two other people about five minutes after I showed up (9:50pm). They also wanted coffee and since nobody at Next Coffee could be bothered to greet those horrible, pain-in-the-ass customers who had the temerity to show up before closing time without giving prior notice to the staff, it was up to me to tell them that the rude, jerkface staff not only was not going to sell them squat even though it was 10 minutes shy of their posted closing time, they wouldn't even have the courtesy to say, 'sorry, no service now'. Shortly after 10pm, there was another woman who was there who wanted to buy something to eat. They have plenty of pre-packaged, ready to go food there. All it would have taken is one person with the initiative to take her $7 or $8 and hand her the food. Nobody had to break out the bread or meat or whatever which had been put away. But, of course, nobody could be bothered to take her money and it would have been a huge imposition to mess with cash after they put away the cash drawer. I'm sure it would have been WAY too much to expect them to sell her the food and just put the money aside and ring it up the next day.The people at Next Coffee just didn't give a damn.I run my own business, and I have also worked in food service. I have never, ever, EVER run across a restaurant owner who would lock the doors 15 minutes or more prior to the posted closing time, and refuse to serve any food or drink when there are still over two dozen people in the restaurant, several of whom were willing to buy more coffee and food. In fact, I am positive that it would be a firing offense at any of the restaurants I worked at, to act like this.This particular evening, the rude people at Next gave up, easily, $20 of business and possibly more, because I'm not counting the over two dozen people still milling around when the performance ended, who might have wanted to pick up something for the road (in fact, I was hungry and might even have bought some of their prepared food for the road).In fact, most of the restauranteurs I have worked for would gladly take your money and serve you something that's take-and-go, if you showed up even 10 minutes after closing. Because they were good businesspeople and they gave a damn about the customers and about making money, unlike the people running Next who seem to have more important things to do than, you know, their jobs.$20 may not sound like much, but multiply that by however many nights a  month they pull this crap, that's a few hundred bucks a month and a few thousand dollars a year. That's the kind of money that makes a difference between staying afloat or not, sometimes. Not to mention the ill will this kind of rude and clueless behavior creates, which leads to who knows how many lost sales in the future.Maybe Next is doing so well that they can afford to treat customers like sh~t  and stay afloat. If so, good for them. Must be nice to be able to get by with such arrogant behavior in this economy. I wish I could give them negative bazillion stars.
3	Next Coffee is a difficult place to rate. It has some things I like, and some things I really don't. Overall, it balances out to 3 stars for me.First, the likes. I like that it's close to my house and that it's one of the few non-Starbucks coffee shops that braves the lousy coffee scene of the west valley. I also like the fact that they have a lot of space with various seating options, as well as large tables that lend themselves to laptop users.Now, the dislikes. I don't like the fact that their baristas are not particularly competent. I often have received espresso shots which were not well pulled and over-steamed and over-frothed milk. Tiny bubbles, people! They're not just for champagne.I'm not a huge fan of the pastries either. I haven't had anything which really wowed me. Sometimes I've had the feeling that the pastries have been out all day and become a little dry and stale. Other times I get the feeling that they're just not that great tasting.Next serves actual food such as salads, sandwiches and they now have beer and wine as well. I admit I haven't tried any of this, but I do wonder what Next's focus is. The environment and ambiance doesn't really seem to be the coffee and wine bar type, so I have the feeling that Next is trying to be all things to all people, but not exactly succeeding.Overall, the convenience of Next's proximity to my home will probably keep me coming here on a semi-regular basis. But when I want the coffeehouse experience I really enjoy, I'll keep heading to my favorite places in Tempe or CenPho.
4	So I took Clarice W.s advise and had the Himalayan Hammer. WONDERFUL!!I've only been here once and really enjoyed it! I was with my 4yo niece and she ordered some hot chocolate and was VERY specific about how she wanted it when ordering and they made it PERFECT (I got to drink the last half). It was nice inside. Modern, well decorated. Friendly service and good drinks. I will definitely be back.Free wi-fi BTW
5	Cool coffee shop. Great food. Live music was great.
1	You think a local coffee shop should be cheaper and hopefully better than Starbucks.  Your guess is wrong.  It is equivalent pricing as starbucks and coffee bean.  They use to give student discount on all the items you purchased.  Starting almost 6 months ago, they only give d/c on purchases greater than $10.  I realize that starbucks always spelled your name wrong.  I am okay with that as long as they make the drinks right.  Next has the other problem.  Tell me if I am wrong, but I know blended caramel macchiato should have the espresso, milk, and ice blended all together.  They blended the milk and ice and dropped the shot of espresso on the top.  Since it is blended, I am drinking only the ice and milk first.  NASTY.  They made a mistake on my drink at least 75% of the time, and this is just one of the incidences.Manager is horrible.  I understand that you can tell customers they cant bring outside food and drink in bc it is a store policy.  This manager decides to tell me that it is a HEALTH VIOLATION for bringing outside food into the store.  i was like wtf?  Then she said this is not a study hall and I cant allow outside food into my store.  So what is it blonde? health violation or YOU dont allow outside food in?  Yeah, just lose another customer in the business also.  Starbucks and Coffee Beans I welcome you back.  btw, you know coffee beans also have free Wifi while Next needs you to purchase something in order to get their password for the Wifi. hint hint
5	On a recommendation from my wife for a great place to have a meeting, I suggested to my new clients that we meet at Next Coffee Co. For a first visit I was surprised when the folks behind the barista immediately recognized me as a new customer and took the time to explain their services. As an avid tea-drinker I was pleasantly confronted with many options for both iced and hot tea.With a full breakfast buffet and a solid selection of beverages you can't miss with Next. Make it your next stop in the west valley!
2	This is a tuff review because I LOVE  the drink I get,  but on the other hand I would like to know why the people that work there are so unfriendly and just plain bothered to serve you or take your order for that matter,  forget it if it's a little complicated they just walk away if you start to change it up a bit.  Never eaten the food  it always looks like it going to be dry sitting open in those display cases.
2	it's too much.  i get that they're trying to be a place where a variety of people with different tastes can all get together, but... the variety has gone too far.  i don't WANT a place where i can get coffee, breakfast, lunch, snack, beer, wine, study tables and live entertainment.  i want a place that does one to a few things WELL instead of doing a bunch of things mediocre.  it IS a great place to meet with people -- much more room to chat than most starbucks or other chains and you can spend a few bucks on a beverage instead of going to a restaurant and feeling like you need to scurry away when you're done eating.  But i don't even want to spend the money on the sub-par beverages.which brings me to the other "too much".  the prices are way too high.  it's at least as expensive as starbucks (if not more for some things) and i still haven't found anything that i thought was delicious.  the safest thing to do is to order an iced tea -- i've never felt like sending it back, but the coffee is too weak and tastes a little.... off.   and the small is still 16oz -- too much.  i want to fall in love with this place and i've given it several  goes, but i just can't.
2	So I have been here three other times since my last review. I've always had good experiences; good service and good food.This time was a bit different however.We showed up at 10:36am (I'm actually still here). There was one person in line in front of us. We placed our order a minute later. My dad ordered the breakfast buffet and was promptly told they stop service at 10:30. There was still plenty of food all still on display in the buffet line. He told the cashier he just wanted a couple pieces of sausage and some egg and would not be going up for seconds. She again told him no, they have stopped serving for nearly 10 min. Again, everything was still out and ready.So he got a yogurt parfait and iced tea. The yogurt parfait was pretty damn good. Probably best I have ever had. I ordered the Cafe Chau Chau which was good (but shouldn't take 13 minutes to make right?)So about another 7-10 minutes, right out on the floor, one of the employees is throwing away all the left over food from the breakfast buffet. Yes THROWING it away. And there was quite a bit food left over still. It didn't make sense that they would rather throw it all away rather than make a few extra bucks and serve one last person.
4	Very good coffee and great atmosphere
4	So, had a few hours to kill before a gig tonight.  I was already on this side of town and figured I'd stop in.  They do comedy here once a month and I'm glad I finally checked the place out!All I had was iced tea, but the review is about the service.  Free wifi.  They print the password on your receipt.  Genius!  That's how they get people to NOT just go and use their wifi.  I'm cool with that.  The place is gorgeous and as I was leaving, there was an acoustic set going on.Two thumbs up, Wayne.
3	I sooo wanted to give this place a better rating!  I absolutely love good coffee and I love a place that I can share my coffee with that has a good feel~vibe to it.  I've been to the Next Coffee Co. on at least five different occasions now and keep hoping they will figure out they are a coffee shop that offers a wonderful place for peeps to meet, surf the web if needed and enjoy an occasional entertainer ever so often. It leave this place saying, "where's the coffee"? What's keeping them from that 4 or 5 star status for me:~ they make coffee the side dish and make their "buffet" their main attraction?  I don't get this... It's cool to offer breakfast or even dinner if your a restaurant, but your a coffee place!  "where's the coffee"?~ they offer pastries, snacks and sandwiches, which is OK but when you walk in to order your coffee you have to peek through a mound of biscuits, pastries and even dog cookies that have oozed every where on top of the counter because they have soooo much of it to sell.  "where's the coffee"?~ when you order one of their delicious looking sandwiches from the "counter to pastries and dog cookies" you will find out that it is actually made somewhere else and cold so they reheat it in a microwave-oven thingy ma bob.  Taste = not delicious but rather like a reheated left over.  "where's the coffee?"It's only because this place has some fantastic peeps working there and it is a very good place to hook up with friends I will return to ask my question again, "where the coffee"?
3	So let me start by saying the latte was very good, best I've had in this area at least. Much better than Starbucks, even though that's not a very high standard but one that everyone can relate to. Good atmosphere, comfortable seat and lots of it... The live music was deceiving as it looked good for the out side (don't we all) and sounded horrible (but I'm not reviewing that am I) :) I was actually helped by a guy there who matched the place well. Good service with a grin and not the overly caffeinated pep talk baristas of a certain chain often feel pressured to give.I'll be back if only for the latte.
4	I love Next.  I love the coffee and I love the atmosphere.  I can sit there for hours.  One of the best little hideouts in Glendale.
2	I really like the vibe at Next, and the cubano coffee drink is delicious.But my experience with their sandwiches sadly takes the top three stars off my review.I have eaten the sandwiches three times.  Once I had the "tiny tuna," some tuna on a roll about the size of an English muffin, for $4.95.  I also tried the BBQ chicken sandwich and the turkey burger, both the size of a six-inch sub, for $9.95.  The tuna was very plain, with just some soft mixed greens on the sandwich.  The meat on the BBQ chicken sandwich was kind of rubbery, and the bottom piece of bread was completely drenched into mushiness from the coleslaw on the sandwich (which seems to be added when the sandwich is prepared at the beginning of the day for the display case, and simply taken out and heated for a few minutes when someone orders a sandwich.)  The turkey burger was dry and without much flavor.They were not terrible sandwiches, but for the price, especially the larger ones are entirely not worth it.  For $10 I expect a restaurant-style sandwich, with flavor, and maybe a better side than the cheap tortilla chips they serve with it.I am not a normally negative reviewer, you can see if you look at my other reviews.  And I worked in the restaurant industry for four years, so I understand the struggles and I try not to be super-picky about my food and its quality.  But, I went to Next three different times and didn't like a single thing I ate.  So I figure I should at least warn other visitors not to drop ten bucks on a sandwich there.Sorry Next!  Let me know if you improve things and I will come try again!
2	This had all the elements to be a decent experience, the space is great but I went there for coffee and that's where they failed. Once again I requested and paid for extra shots of expresso only to be shorted and the zembala or whatever I ordered was supposed to have orange, cinnimon and spice and instead of any hint of citris it was chunky with cinnamon, seriously chunky, weak and unpleasant. So disappointing :(
1	This place is a RIPOFF... the manager, Rose, goes to the Fry's down the street and buys the sandwiches they sell for $5, takes them to her shop, cuts them into quarters and puts a markup on them. ALL THEIR FOOD COMES FROM THE DELI AT FRY'S..... Save yourself some money and buy it fresh yourself from the grocery store.
1	This is your warning! Don't throw your money down the Next toilet!I have noooo problem labeling this the worst place. The service, food and coffee are all on the same level of terrible. I live in the neighborhood and was very excited to try this awesome looking establishment. 1st experience - I had already gotten a coffee earlier in the morning so I just needed breakfast and an excuse to check out the inside. I decided on the breakfast burrito that the counter chick had recommended.I paid with my  cc and signed the receipt. Her happy go lucky attitude changed so quickly I thought a killer with a knife had walked in behind me!Then it hit me. I didn't tip her! OMG is she really that mad? I thought she would just grab my burrito from the case and hand it to me. I didn't get coffee so why tip? I thought it would be a 2 second transaction. Well...she made me wait 10 minutes and I was the only one waiting. I couldn't believe it. What a fantastical first experience. That is when I decided...nope not for me. Then I ate my burrito and it was the worst thing to hit these lips in quite some time. It was horrible. I would imagine having this in a hospital cafeteria. I'm not kidding...bad. About a month later I was looking for a place to study and meet up with a friend. I decided to try Next again. It's soooo close and I hadn't tried the coffee yet so why not. I ordered a black and white mocha.  It was not good. It reminded me of gas station coffee...the kind you get on long ass road trips. The kind you put your cup under hit the button and let go about 1/3 from the top. My friend arrived about 30 minutes before they closed and ordered a drip. She went for a refill about 15 minutes later but they had dumped all the coffee! They had just had a convo with her. They couldn't have forgotten about the customer they just sold a drip to who might want a refill! They were so worried about closing up and going home. They had dumped everything and closed up 15 minutes before closing time. That is crazy to me! I can't stand the service the food or the coffee at Next. It sucks because the space is amazing...they just suck badly!
5	This is one of the best coffee spots ever!  The people are incredible and the food rocks!  I am there at least once a week. It is an fabulous place to meet with your friends.
2	The food here is actually quite good, and the atmosphere is exceptional. Great place to come relax and get a cup of joe...So why only two stars? To be honest it's just so exhorbitantly expensive that I can't in good conscience recommend it until the prices come down. For example I just bought a half sized brownie and it cost over 3 dollars.. A cookie, and a banana, and a bottled water will run you close to 10 bucks!!
3	I went here with my brother and sister for a morning coffee date. We had great service. I ordered a breakfast sammie. It wasn't anything to write home about, but it did its job. The coffee was good. I even tried my sister's caramel macchiato - better than Starbucks. I would frequent Next if it were closer to where I lived. I have found I am craving their coffee but can't bring myself to drive the nearly half hour to get over there.
3	People this is coffee not brain surgery.. I drink OK cofee.. and let's admit Starbucks is warm swill.  there is room, music, and wifi.  This is not the Met.   so relax coffee Nazis
3	:Last night I went to Next coffee company and they had an up and coming band called "Karma Band"and I want to give them kudos for inviting local bands to perform.  They were great and performed a variety of songs that related to everyone in the audience. Also the atmosphere was great and the baristas were friendly and accommodating
1	Meh. Over-priced, and the people who work there are never friendly.
4	Pretty cool coffee shop. This is definitely the place to go for getting work done (or in my case grading papers) and is VERY student friendly. The food is really good and pretty much made in house but I have to say is quite over priced.
3	Pretty pricey and the baristas definitely can be slightly condescending, but lots of seating and a nice place to grab a coffee and do some light studying. I'd strongly recommend the "Himalayan Hammer."
2	Used to be an awesome place to study, now they bring in really really loud live music every night, and it really kills the vibe, because the acts aren't that good. Right now I am in a room full of students trying to study, and there is one guy playing a guitar on stage to an audience of one old couple and no one else... I really hope they stop this whole live music thing soon lol
5	Coffee was great! Girlfriend and I had a good time, excellent atmosphere and employees were very friendly and charismatic. Clean and cool. Great place to come when its warm out or just hungry.
2	I have been eager to try this place but it ended up being an expensive waste of my time & money.Ordered a 16oz triple pumpkin americano... $4.20 and after the necessary tip $5.20.. for an AMERICANO! Being a barista myself I was feel necessary to tip at least a buck, today, I feel ripped off!! My coffee barely a touch of pumpkin (maybe that much), the coffee wasnt so great and the service was very unfriendly. The atmosphere looks like this place has great potential, so bummed!
3	I want to shop local .  I appreciate the fact that my local purchase support local people. But I am not sure Next  is really interested in my business.  The line on a Wednesday was 4 or 5 people in , which first made me think it must be a great place. but then after watching , I am think it's just a matter of workers who are interested in being helpful . They appeared to just leisurely make the orders with  little enthusiam or interest. When  I got to the counter I had a few questions . I was wonderfing about their holiday flavor , if it could be blended etc . But I felt as though getting info or suggestions was like pulling teeth. I felt embarrassed like I was inconvincing him but I then I remembered I was paying them to make my order.When the equally apathetic barista made my order she also refused to intereact or say anything to me. As I gave her my sweetest Polly Anna smile  she may have even grunted at me. I hate grunters.   Guess the big chain will get my bucks next time.Please NEXT  make an effort to engage the customer and try using those nifty words , thank you , please and your welcome ....maybe even , glad I can help....
3	Next. Well I am not sure what has happened to this coffee place. I love coffee. It is a necessary part of my day. I have been here a few times, but recently the prices have gone up and the quality down. I am truly sad to say this, because I want local places to survive and thrive and bring in the $$. I know that the cost of coffee is going up, but the consistent quality should not suffer because of that.All that being said, Next is nice and large in fact it is lovely because I do not have to listen to other people doing work or having conversations when I want to do my own work or have my own conversation (hint hint Starbucks). It is clean and welcoming, but I am in it for the food and drink...please don't do me wrong Next....you are a great shop...
5	i just have to say that this place is GREAT. I love the coffee. They have many events going on on different nights from wine tasting to jazz playing. Ive gotten to know the employees very well. They are all so nice. They buy from locals which i like alot! its very roomy and has free wifi! I will always try to go out of my way to stop here for my coffee instead of starbucks if i can!
1	This place is pretty awful to say the least. We went there on a Wednesday night after the farmers market.  The staff was so unfriendly, we got a numbe of things including a quiche, I ended up giving it to my dog, it was covered in about an inch of water at the bottom. Not to mention no flavor. The pop tart things were okay and the magic bar was okay, but 4 dollars for a small thing of orange juice? Really!  But the real kicker is I asked for a cup of water for my daughter while ordering smoothies, etc. they told me they could not give me water because it's a health code violation! What? I can't comment on the coffee because it was night time and we were not interested in coffee but after reading the reviews on the coffee, i am glad I didn't order that. Even though the attitude was awful and I felt like a huge bother to them to have tried their establishment, I was still going to tip, but after them refusing to give my 5 year old a glass of water, I had enough.  I will not be back!
1	I will never go to NEXT COFFEE again.  I stopped there on the way to a 10:00 Little League game.  They were not busy at all.  The staff of young "college students" (what it says on their TIP jar)  was very rude.  They slowly made my 2 hot chocolates (which were terrible) and put them on the counter without letting me know they were ready.  When I asked if they were mine they said "ya probably," then walked away to continue chatting.  My coffee was terrible and the kids wouldn't even drink the warm milk they tried to pass off as a $3.50 cup of hot chocolate.  It was my first time there and I will not go back.  There are too many other places to go.
4	So I'm a Starbucks fan for the to-go coffee and a quick bite but this is the place if you actuallywant to hang out for a while. Much more hangoutspace than any Starbucks and a much better selectionof food. Seems like clientele are mostly Midwesternstudents but I find this place as a relaxing placeto have a meeting when I don't really want to hostit at home. They're open till pretty late - ten mostnights except Sundays. Service is decent and I haveno complaints in all the times I've been here over the years.
4	Their coffees are pretty good. I like my coffees black and their coffees generally have pretty good flavor.But if you chase the milky sweetened coffee drinks, I gotta recommend the caramel machiato or the Himalayan Hammer. Hammer's one of their most popular products. It's got a chai tea holiday cheer to it and it's quite yummy. =)Breakfast burritos there are okay. They do an interesting thing to their burritos and actually press it under a grill panini-style. It gives the outer tortilla grill marks and a bit of a subtle crunch sensation when you bite into it. Ambiance is solid. They seem to have lots of art hanging up all the time and those are always fun to look at. Some of it is actually quite pretty too!Also, sometimes in the morning, this super awesome mysterious old man sits at a table with a chess set and waits for challengers or something. And I feel like that kind of thing only happens at legitimate coffee shops hahaha! Soooo ya. Solid coffee. Good study environment. Sometimes they have live music! What's not to like?
2	Bad service, pricey coffee. A few of the employees are polite, but most of them have bad attitudes. The quality of the drinks is above average but not a good value for what you get. Has great potential but you're better off going the extra half-mile north or south to one of their competitors.
5	Great place to meet or get some work done (I'm a writer). Across from a college this place was designed with ample seating (with tables and outlets), reliable and fast free wifi connectivity, and a diverse coffee bar. In the evenings they bring in musical acts and, I believe on wednesdays, host an open mic night (comedy and music). Friendly staff, good coffee (and beer/wine) good regulars, and great wifi speed. As started in the beginning its a great place to meet or get some work done. I can't recommend this place highly enough.
2	Found out this place is closing and I am not very surprised.  It seemed to lack a good atmosphere and the coffee was not that impressive.  Best of luck to the owners, check out Crossroads Books and Coffee to support a local shop in the burbs instead.
4	A little more than we wanted to spend on coffee and breakfast burritos, but very good.  We will visit again.
5	It pains me to say that Next Coffee Company has closed. Good cofffee, good people, and a wonderfully diverse atmosphere (including live music and comedy in the evenings) was no match for this crappy economy. Sad days.
