5	The best Korean-Mexican fusion in town!!!!!!!!! I've reviewed Komex so many times, and almost every time they've delivered a high quality product at an incredibly affordable price and the taste has always been consistently delicious.  This is their newest location and features one of the owner's as the featured chef.
3	I finally got to try komex. I had a fish taco, pork taco, chicken taco, beef taco, and pork belly taco. The fish taco was fried. I asked the waitress if it was grilled or fried and I was told it was grilled. That was a minus. The pork, chicken, and beef tacos were all ho-hum. Nothing special. Beef was probably the best of the 3. The pork belly taco was very good. Best thing I ate. Surprisingly, the sauces were really good. I'm thinking try should bottle the sauces and sell them. There were 3 red and 1 green sauce. The reds were super good.
4	New KoMex location. Same very delicious KoMex food. If you haven't tried KoMex yet get down to this location or the original location ASAP. I hated the long almost 1 hr waits at the other location on some days. Yes it's that good. So I'm very happy this one finally opened up. Korean Mexican fusion is an excellent combination. I ordered their Fusion Burrito, my usual order, and inhaled that sucker like I was in a pie eating contest. Why waste time eating 1 yummy thing when I could eat 2 yummy things, didn't do 2 but wanted to. The one thing that you must do is add lots and lots of their hot sauces on anything you get it's a big difference maker but in moderations. I almost ate all 4 of the containers of sauce on my own. It's very good. They should bottle them cause I might want to take some home.Their fusion tacos, burritos, nachos, fries, etc are served with various meats like spicy pork, pork belly, chicken, and more all come with a Korean/Mexican twist. Even their cheese steak was different, using bulgogi. Check out the pictures and reviews at the original location it will pretty much tell you wassup.I enjoyed the customer service friendly, complementary chips, salsa, guacamole, fortune cookies, and oranges to end the meal. They were still finishing up construction and decorating, fine tuning things like only cash at the time, 1 out of the 6 menu books at our table was without a menu inside, and temp banner outside but things are looking good. Seems like more space for more seats and even a bar area. I'll probably be back before the weeks over. No I will definitely be back before the weeks over.Located in the same plaza as BabyStacks Cafe and Hikari SW Buffalo and Flamingo.Did I mention that they're pretty cheap in price.
4	At last they are our neighborhood! We got the kimchee fried rice with combo meat. They do an egg on top.  It was excellent.  We also got the chow fettuccine with chicken. I like it a little spicy. They have amazing sauc es. The sweet - spicy Korean is my favorite. Although we picked up the order to go it was just as good as if we dined in. That says a lot in itself! Great food and as always friendly service.
5	Found the new location in my hood and couldn't be happier about it. Empty for dinner last Friday night but not for much longer. The new space is large and has a bar, with beer and wine coming soon according to the owner. These are super nice and hard working people that will make this place wildly successful in these parts I'm guessing. Delicious bulgogi flautas and a cheeseteak I'm still thinking about if you're wondering what we had. Same great food, and now unlimited potential in this new spot. I see big things for this place here and probably 10 more pounds around my gut. This city's affordable food options get better every day.
5	1st time trying komex food..  And I have to say..  It's good! I love both xD and so happy this is rite by my place now. I will be there all the time know I hope this place stays..  Cuz in that spot has been like 2 restaurants that came and gone..
1	This second location simply does not compare to the first location, which I love.  My fiance and I went there the day after the "grand opening" and ordered kimchi fried rice and bulgogi burrito.  Burrito - we were not sure if the meat was even marinated.  Kimchi fried rice - just meh.  I might have had the food poisoning - I puked up everything that night.  Also, there were only 2 other tables, but the service was still agonizingly slow.  I really can't think of anything nice to say and not sure why there are so many glowing reviews.  NOT RECOMMENDED.
4	I have heard a lot about KoMex Fusion so when a new location opened up near me, I wanted to give it a try. The place was packed, but luckily there were still 2 open tables to choose from. I have no idea how many employees were in the back, but I only saw the same two girls working the whole time and they were doing a fantastic job at keeping all of the tables taken care of. Our server took the time to go over the menu with us and suggest things we might like try. After my "Mexican Coke" was brought to the table some complimentary chips, salsa and guacamole soon arrived. The guac was fresh and delicious! The salsa had a nice fresh flavor too. Hubby and I decided to order a few different things to try buffet style between us. Fried Wonton's ($1.50) - These came 5 to an order and were good! They were stuffed with green onion, ground beef & pork. The dipping sauce that came with it was sweet and yummy. Chicken Flauta ($2) - The flavor was very good and I can't even describe it, you will just have to try one of these tasty flautas yourself! It had some sour cream and pico de gallo on the plate as well. Fusion Tacos ($1.75 & $2.25 for flour tortilla) - I tried the pork and beef with one being on a corn tortilla and one on a flour tortilla. They weren't totally bad, but nothing spectacular to me. Beef Chow Fettuccine ($8.50) - This was the dish hubby wanted to try most. The cabbage and carrots were left out, but the portion was still hearty. The flavor of this dish was something new for me and I liked it. You can't go wrong on this dish with the price, portion and flavor. At the end of the meal fortune cookies and a fresh orange were brought to us. The orange was a light and tasty finish to our meal. I was very pleased with the service, taste and price here at KoMex Fusion!
5	Like others, I'm glad there is an outpost of Komex farther west.  As it's new, the restaurant is bright and airy and seems to seat more than the original location.  We arrived around 5pm on a Friday and was seated immediately.We had our standard order of kimchi fried rice, calamari tacos, a trio of tostadas, and fusion nachos.  This was enough for four adults with healthy appetites. The deep fried rice patties for the base of the tostadas were especially good this time - crispy yet light and chewy.  Out of the three available meats - beef, chicken, pork - the chicken is the least inspiring.  Service is always prompt and friendly.  Water glasses always filled.By the time we left around 6:30, the place was filling up fast.  Plentiful parking and not in  a sketchy neighborhood.  We'll be back soon and often!
3	From the second we walked in the door to the time the check was paid, the customer service was excellent. We were immediately greeted with a cheerful hello and the waitress, Liz, promptly arrived to deliver the menus and take the drink order. She came back with drinks and a basket of complimentary house made chips with salsa and guac. I said that we were first timers so she helped us make some selections and recommended we give the fusion tacos a go, and we did. We sampled shrimp fusion tacos, fusion flautas with dak-bulgogi (chicken), stir fried kimchi, fried wontons and veggie chow fettuccine. Everything we tried was ok but I was a little disappointed with the spicy level. I was expecting HOT and I got mild at best. But it's nothing a little hot sauce won't cure. Also, I'd probably order the kimchi fried rice (Liz said it was really good) instead of the stir fry in the future. For the price, the portions are large. It's a decent spot to grab some quick, cheap lunch and I can't imagine I won't give it another go. I want to give some of the other items a try. I've got my eye on those nachos everybody is raving about.
5	Indeed the best fusion food I've ever had! The flavors mix so well together. Amazing! The fusion tacos and fusion nachos are a MUST!
5	The food is absolutely amazing! The parent restaurant (Komex Express) is just as good if not better. I was doing some research on the previous yelp reviews posted and one customer feels that this is a let down compared to the other location. I do not agree with that comment since the original chef from Komex express works at this location, and all of the meats are marinated on site and delivered to the Decatur location daily to keep the flavors consistent. So how could the two restaurants possibly not compare?! This continues to be my favorite weekly dinner spot and I'm happy to see that the new location is a success. My compliments to the owners for another success!
5	This is my husbands favorite restaurant. He lived in Korea for two years, so he's very picky about his bulgolgi. We love the fusion flautas, fusion nachos, and the awesome service that never fails.
4	Komex opened up a secondary new location! It was not as busy as the original, though it's brand new and I wonder if people just don't know it's here. It's not far to head here though if the other one has a fairly long wait. We met up with our friends and shared a few items and got some individual tacos: Tacos - they now offer pork belly which was rather tasty and tender so I definitely recommend getting it on something with it. Also got daegi gogi/pork which is my other favorite taco. Pork Belly Fries - Lots of cheese, salsa, jalapenos and pork belly. Messy, but good and a large share- able portion.Fusion Wings - This comes with plain fries and the wings were nicely crispy with a sticky sweet and spicy glaze. Really enjoyable as I have a little bit of a affinity for sweet and spicy wings.Fusion Flautas - This is one of my favorite things to get. The flautas are crispy and yet fluffy fried tortilla stuffed with a good portion of meat and cheese. I enjoy the mix of guacamole with sweet Korean sauce they do. I love that there is more than enough for the flautas and extra always to dip chips in! Service was friendly enough. We had a second round of tacos and unfortunately it took long to get it. She did apologize and explain that a large party was before our order put in so not really their fault. The food taste the same, which is a good thing and I saw one of the owners here running the front so I'm glad they seem to be doing right with consistency of a second location. Will be back, it's not far from my work.
5	Same great food as their original location, but a much more convenient location. The place is bigger and they now have their liquor license. Anything from the fusion side of the menu is great. I have yet to try anything on the Mexican side. The beef fusion tacos are my fav. If you're going to dine in try any of the deep fried options like the chimichanga or flautas. Prices are still reasonable. You can feed a family of three for less than twenty bucks. It may not be as cheap as their original spot when they became popular a few years ago, but at least I don't feel guilty about paying the minuscule prices anymore. Some of the best cheap eats in town.Don't forget to download the Epoxy app for their frequent diner card. It'll save you a few dollars down the road.
4	Solid place to grub. Service was great. They had Mexican pepsi on the menu but our server said it was not available at this location yet but should be soon. They did have Mexican coke so I had that. The real deal pepsi has me curious still so I will need to come back. Our visit started with free chips, guacamole, and salsa. I do not eat the green stuff so that went to the wife who liked it. I did think the salsa had a good taste. The chicken flautas here are very good yo! I am not much of a chicken fan but man these are good. Fried wontons were cheap and good. I don't remember what was in them, some type of meat but they were good. The main dish I wanted to try was the Beef Chow Fettuccine. It was a damn big portion and tasted great. The fusion tacos were okay but not my cup if regular tea. Priced here are reasonable. When the bill came I was surprised at how cheap it was for all the food we had. I also got a fortune cookie that had 2 cookies in it! Does this mean I am going to get extra lucky? I will be lucky enough to eat here again because I liked it.
5	I've been here two times since this location opened, and I will definitely be back. The food is incredible and the service is great. The flautas are delicious! You can get acombination of meats in each of the flautas. I tried the pork, the beef, and the chicken. The pork is definitely the standout though all three were delicious. I love all the sauces they offer. The green one is my fave! I wish they would put it in squirt bottles though to avoid cross contamination from previous customers.
5	I am a HUGE fan of Komex. I've been going to their other location for a while. Everything is so amazingly amazing. When I moved into my new condo and found out their was a Komex within walking distance it was a HUGE selling point. This location is a lot bigger than the other location. They also serve a small selection of beers. They have a little bar area as well. However other than that the same old Komex amazingness. If you haven't been there stop what your doing now, and go. I recommend the wontons, bulgogi (fries or nachos), tostada, as well as some of the entrees. If you don't have a huge appetite I recommend going with the half portion.
4	Pretty good Tacos which are big enough to actually need that second tortilla !
4	1. Kimchi salsa2. Bulgogi burrito3. Go!Pros:   Great Korean Mexican Fusion   Decent Service   Decent Prices   Serves Beer and Soju   This location EZ Parking and Not PackedCons:   Decor could use a little bump
5	I have had few Korean Mexican mixes before, and I gotta say that they did a great job! We ordered Fusion burrito with beef and Fusion bulgogi fries with kimchi. They are both really delicious but that fries... it's a must. Service was wonderful, quick, and delightful. Overall, wonderful  place that's well deserving of your money.
1	This place is very slow. We went the first time and left after waiting for almost an hour and we still never received our food. The second time it looked like we would be in the same situation so sadly we didn't stay. We have been to the original location and had a totally different experience. Maybe it's timing but I've about given up on this location. May have to just do take out. But they do have a sign that basically says they reserve the right to be slow because the food is made to order but not worth an hour wait.
5	Great food. Obviously it's Korean and Mexican fusion. This is the second day straight I've showed up here.  Food comes in at a good rate and prices are very, very reasonable.
5	Came here on a Friday morning - we literally sat outside waiting for 11 am to hit so we could run inside. We intentionally came to this location so we can see how the new Komex is doing before heading out of town. What I'm happy to see is how much bigger the seating area of this Komex is. I always felt a little claustrophobic in the main one. There are still complimentary chips w/ salsa & guac, and the cute orange at the end of your meal. These are both awesome, and I hope they stay forever. The real testament was the Chicken Bulgogi Enchiladas ($7.50) - they were as fantastic, if not even better (!) than I've always remembered. :-) Big pieces of perfectly grilled dark meat, a ton of gooey cheese, and the mild sauce that lets me jazz it up with the 4 sauces they put on each table. The service is still friendly and awesome. Really wish we had Komex out in CA, I'd probably eat there everyday. Keep expanding, please! :-)
4	My man and I were craving pupusas one day and I remembered while dropping off some dry cleaning that I saw a place next door.. Esmerelda's I think??? Well "Esmerelda's" is no longer there and Komex is and we could't be any more pleased. We had been wanting to try Komex for awhile but never found ourselves in the neighborhood of their original location... The interior is nothing special.. comparable to an upgraded Roberto's.. but the food mmm mmmm mmmm,,, There is now no reason to go to LA to get good Korean fusion tacos/burritos.. We ordered take out and as we took our first bite we knew that Komex was a winner... We ordered the bulgogi burrito with kimchi, kimchi fried rice with chicken and 3 different fusion tacos. Well, we halved the burrito, barely made a dent in the fried rice and couldn't even touch the tacos so that tells you a lil something something about the portions... The food was soooooo yumm and we will definitely be going back...HOT TIP: get extra hot sauce... I believe it's made in-house and if you love garlic then you will LOVEEEE their hot sauce.. mmmm mmm MMM
2	This is definitely a place you have to try for yourself, if you're are into or require the following: a) greasy foodb) an option to fast foodc) high caloriesd) a good hangover foodIf your'e into healthy eating, then this is probably not the place for your.  The food was alright, but I felt so guilty and had to add extra time to my workout just to balance things out.  I didn't even eat a quarter of my Kimchi fried rice (it was SUPER greasy, heavy and just probably exceeded over 1000 calories).  The pork lettuce wraps were yummy, but again, that guilt feeling took over and I only had one.  If you could careless about the caloric intake and greasy foods, this is a better option than say Jack n' the Box or Panda Express and especially Taco Bell; but in my opinion it's comparable.Try it for yourself; I did and don't think I'll be back, but at least I tried it.  My fortune cookie was hilarious though, it read:"Over prepare, then go with the flow" [in bed].  haha!
5	From world of mouth via friends, I was looking forward to trying this place. It's a bit out of the way for me, but I found myself in the general area today and thought it would be a perfect time to check it out. We were there at 2 pm, the restaurant was completely empty. I was not deterred based on all the great reviews their N. Decatur location had received. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful on choosing what to order. I naturally wanted to eat everything - but managed to narrow it down to the bulgogi Fusion Chimichanga. Go big, or go home. Right? It was loaded with flavor! My friend tried a trio of meats (pork, chicken, steak) with the Fusion Enchiladas. We both loved our dishes, made even better by the quad of sauces brought to the table. I found the sweet chili, and the Asian style chili sauce to be the best toppings. Originally I had meant to order the biggest thing, and take a good portion home for my husband to try. (He was very jealous that we had gone without him.). But, I found myself inhaling the chimichanga and ended up just taking home the butt end of it. Sorry Hubs! I look forward to coming here again soon and trying more things. I have to add that my friend is quite particular in what she does and doesn't like, and she really loved her meal.  KoMex Fusion lives up to its hype. If you have schizophrenic taste buds like mine, you'll love this place. Sweet, spicy, salty, savory....yummmmm.  I can't wait to come back!
5	Food was good! Thanks for the recommendation Jose :)
3	The food is greasy and ill prepared. I'm only giving it three stars because of the bulgogi burrito  So unless you like sloppy, greasy, psuedo korean-mexican food avoid this place.
4	Had to wait a while, but the waitress definitely made up for in and was courteous that we were in a time crunch. I highly recommend the chimichonga. Best one of my life (if you like cheese.)
3	I was thrilled to learn that a Komex had opened up a bit closer to my workplace. Love their food especially the fusion beef bulgogi and pork belly tacos. The Buffalo location is bigger even if the layout is a bit odd. A bar which looks like it will never be used, takes up a large portion of the room. This Komex isn't as hectic as the other smaller location at lunch time. However, during my first visit here with coworkers, someone apparently placed a large takeout order which resulted in waiting for our food for nearly 45 minutes. Even made to order food shouldn't take this long. They need to have enough staff to cook these call-in orders in order to not affect restaurant service. We were patient though and their food was delicious. I tried them again on a Saturday at lunchtime and the food came within 15 minutes and the service and food were spot on. I had fusion tacos again and my husband tried their enchiladas with different meats. So far so good.But during my most recent visit on a weekday and lunchtime with coworkers, all sorts of things were off. The water tasted funny and they put the skimpiest portion of pork belly meat in one of my tacos. A coworker and I both asked for kimchi on the side. Hers was a generous portion and was on a small plate, like a true kimchi side dish. Mine? Well, it looked like a few kimchi shavings in a small tin container like what people use to hold ketchup or tartar sauce. I asked our waitress what was up and she said that the kimchi orders are the same (really?) and that there are 2 different chefs that made our items. So I got the short end of the deal then? Sigh. Anyway, our waitress never offered to remedy this blatant inconsistency in the food- which I thought was bad form. Food should be consistent even in the case of two different cooks/food preparers.So if you're going to eat at this Komex, get ready to play some food roulette.
4	This place lives up to the hype.  Reasonably priced Korean Mexican fusion.  The bulgogi enchiladas, Korean nachos, and Philly cheesesteak are great.  Service is good.  This is not a health food, arugula, anorexic chic restaurant.  This is a place for people who like food and are ok with the fact that eating involves calories.
5	What do you get when you mate the land of Starcraft with the country of donkey shows?  You get KoMex.  Don't let this Korean and Mexican fused restaurant fool you with its weird fusion of ingredients.  KoMex will make you fall in love with it and will make you put a ring on it.We arrived about a half hour when it opened and there were people sitting at tables.  Fortunately, we were able to get a table for 6 with the quickness.  We sat down and admired the paintings on the wall:  people with the mixture of Korean and Mexican features.  Oh, it didn't stop at the paintings, it was also on the menu.  We opened up the menu and explored it....hard.  Damn, everything sounded good.  Burritos, tacos, fries, rice platters, you name it they got it.  We decided we were going to order about 2-3 plates each because everyone on Yelp were saying this place was awesome.  The waitress was super cool-- big smile on her face, cracked jokes with us, made fun of us, and overall, made us feel like family.  As she wrote down our orders I know she was thinking to herself ," Man, these guys are high."  Haha......maybe...just kidding.  Crack is whack!  D.A.R.E.!I ordered 2 fusion steak tacos, 1 pork belly fusion taco, a half plate of fried rice, and a half plate of fusion fries.  I'm a big boy, and I need big boy food.  Let me say this-- when I got my food, the half portions looked like full meals.  Geez....I wouldn't have been surprised if my heart gave out on me that day.  The fusion tacos were delicious, especially the pork belly.  So fatty, greasy, flavorful, but enough about me, let's talk about the fried rice.  The fried rice was something your parents made at home.  Sike.  This fried rice was way better than what your parents made.  The rice actually didn't taste stale!  I swear, most fried rice dishes you can taste the staleness of it.  But this rice, this rice was soft and delicious.  Oh, don't let me get started on the fries.  DON'T LET ME GET STARTED.  Do I really have to say something about them?  Ok.  Fries good, communism bad.By the way, this place gave us a free full plate of pork nachos.  I don't care if they dropped it on the floor.  Shoot, if it did fall on the floor, the floor tasted just as good as the food.KoMex, will you marry me?  Seriously, everyone must try this place out.  Let me say this-- it's wayyyyy better than Arby's.
3	It pains me to give my beloved komex three stars, but it's what I felt was deserved on my lunch here.Overall the same yummy food. I mean seriously how they do make the perfect creation of fries each time I come. Their bulgogi fries are to die for, and like I said it's one of the best fries you can get in Vegas.But sadly, it is not the same as the original komex. Maybe its the lack of workers? But it seemed like it took FOREVERRRR to get my food here. Along with re fills of my precious water. Maybe it's because I came in during lunch and there was only one person working. But still there were probably only three customers in total. That and the prices are totally raised up from what they were two years ago.Still....those damn bulgogi fries hold a special place in my heart.Prooo tip: If you're in a rush call in advance and you can pick up the food!!!!
3	My boyfriend and I got the fusion burrito and the fusion fries during our visit. He got spicy pork in his burrito and I got pork belly on my fries. For the amount you pay the portion was decent for the fries. They tasted great except I felt like there was barely any pork belly. Also, since pork belly is a bit more expensive than the other meats I expected to receive more. My boyfriend enjoyed the burrito and I say it's worth it because it is pretty huge. You also get orange slices and fortune cookies at the end of your meal so that's a plus. Overall this place is good.
4	The original KoMex location is one of my favourite places to go in the city for delicious eats and friendly service.  This new location is larger and shinier than the original and boasts a bar!  (No drink menu yet though.)  There was even a large, flat-screen TV in the bar area, conveniently situated for those wanting to watch the current sports game whilst enjoying KoMex's fusion delights.  I DID find it odd that there was a large empty space in front of the entrance.  Perhaps the restaurant's order for more tables and chairs was exceptionally tardy?I'm glad to report that the food is still as yummy as found at the original KoMex.  Service is still friendly, but my server must have been new, because she was on the slow side in responding to requests (we wanted condiments and utensils!).   We still received our free chips/salsa/guacamole and the dessert orange and prices, while slightly higher than in early 2013, are still very reasonable.All in all, I'm glad there is a second location on the west side, as that is evidence that the owners are doing well!
4	I'm always up to try new food especially any fusion restaurants. I had the fusion burrito with spicy pork and the pork belly fries. They also gave complimentary tortilla chips with salsa and guacamole. I don't know what it was about the guacamole, but I couldn't get enough if it.As for my fusion burrito, it tasted unique and great. The portion size was huge for what it was worth. For the fries, I got the half order for $6 and replaced bulgogi with pork belly for $2. The fries were cheesy with the right amount of spice, but I wish they gave more pork belly. I suggest getting the full order for $8 and just keeping the bulgogi.This place is definitely worth a try though and the service is great.
5	So. Good. Seriously. So good.This new location is dangerously close to my bf's house and it has become a staple in our diet. I mean, where else can we get delicious fusion food we both enjoy that fills us both up for $15? It's ridiculous.My favorites are the chicken fusion tostada and the fusion pork belly tacos. That crunch they develop on the rice tostada is just delicious and provides a much needed textural component to that dish. And the pork belly tacos are just yummy goodness. I mean, it's pork belly.My only complaint is my breath seriously smells like onion for a whole day after eating here cause of the asian slaw. Good thing the bf and I both eat here so we both have onion breath!But this location is much more convenient for me than the other, and it's significantly larger with more seating area as well. I have been and will continue to be a Komex fan.
5	yum. yum. yum. YUM! This place is delicious. I mean delicioso... Err I meant to say . Okay, well whatever your language or culinary persuasion is (providing it's within the confines of Korean and/or Mexican cuisine) this place has something for you! I walk in with my mom and we were immediately greeted by our waitress, host, and presumed owner (I'm sure this is a family joint) & were seated at our table with a view of their awesome flat screen showing college basketball. I'm in love already. Oh wait, you want to hear about food right? Okay gotchya! Browsing through the menu, they have all kinds of awesome options. I opted for the korean wings with seasoned French fries. The sauce on these was incredible, nothing to overbearing, but a little sweet... A little spicy... With some sesame seed. Mmmm. My mom got the bulgolgi chicken enchiladas. The marinade on these was succulent, and the rice truly ties this dish together. Next time I'm getting the bulgolgi nachos or the bulgogi combo plate... With stir get veggies!!!! So epic. #supportsmallbiz
5	I am OBSESSED with this place and I bring in people who become obsessed after trying this place. I recommend it to anyone who loves trying new things. I always order the bulgogi chimichanga. ITS A MUST!! So much flavor and goodness. The mozzarella was a genius move. Well done, komex. Also when you're seated, they serve you complimentary chips and ahmahzing salsa. It's a family owned place and they are about the nicest restaurant owners I've met. Excellent service. They'll help you on anything on the menu if you're a first timer.
3	First time I decided to try it & I ended up grabbing take out. The Philly sandwich was pretty good, except it was so soaked in grease that the bread turned into bread pudding. The fries were nothing special. I'd give them another chance for dining in.
3	3.5 stars So I gave Komex 2 chances. The firsttime I loved the nachos! My husband ESP loved it for their "fluffy airy" chips but the flavors were pretty delicious. The pork burrito was good but it was too spicy for this wuss. The chow fettuccine was yuck in my opinion. I like more noodles than veggies/meat and the ratio of meat and veggies was about 2:1 noodles. The noodles were all broken and I noticed in other pictures that's just the way it's made? I decided I would go back though after that...My second visit we got the nachos again and I wanted to try the musubi and shrimp taco. Musubi was just your average musubi. The shrimp taco was soggy but that's what happens when you get it to go. Maybe if I had asked for the pico on the side it would have helped but I wasn't impressed this go around. I had some qualms about fusion food as other fusion places I didn't care for either. I like that it's fairly quick, but maybe I'm just too old school for the fusioness scene.
5	The original KoMex is about 1 mile closer to home but I opt to come here:- Easy to get seating since it's a larger place.- Beer is available.- Same great food I've become addicted to.  - For the price, KoMex is my favorite place to eat in Vegas.  I eat here at least twice a month.
4	So happy that they decided to open up a Komex on my side of town!! Always a good place to go to for a quick bite. I also come here when I wanna introduce this place to people from out of town or if they've never been here before. I come here strictly for the fusion tacos. The spicy pork tacos are my favorite. Delicious!!! I have tried some of the other items on the menu on the other hand. They're alright.. nothing too "fusiony" or special I would say
4	I have to admit, I wasn't thrilled with my first encounter with the original Komex location. So I wasn't as excited as most when they opened up a new location closer to me. I have always wanted to give them another chance so when I saw their discounted tacos available during their three-year anniversary celebration, I took it as a sign that it was time to give them another try.We ordered some tacos and a large fried rice to share. Since tacos were only $1 we got two each and figured we would have plenty of rice to take home as leftovers. Boy were we right about that. Our food arrived and the rice was enormous, so were the tacos. For just $15 and change we got enough food for lunch and dinner along with drinks and chips with salsa and guacamole. On my previous visit, I had tried nachos and a burrito and didn't love the flavor combinations. This time I was much more impressed with the tacos and fried rice, probably because they were simpler and cleaner flavors. I'll definitely be back now that they're in my neck of the woods.
1	Ordered to go, got the fried rice and beef and pork belly skewers. And maybe I ordered the wrong thing but the fried rice was very bland. The skewers we okay.Just not very flavorful. It was a miss for me.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Decor in different parts of the restaurant don't really work well together (ie: bamboo wallpaper vs. Korean-Mexican cartoons). LIKE  Larger space than the other location which means little to no wait at all. Location is closer to home. The complimentary chips with guacamole and salsa.LOVE  The fusion concept. The amount of food for the price. The kimchi fried rice. The musubi with fried egg. The knowledgeable and energetic server. The different options for almost each entree.
5	Yes yes yes! I am SO happy that they have opened their Southwest location. It is literally right behind my son's charter school, so you may find me here any given day after school... I used to make the 30 minute trek all the way to their Decatur location, but it was just too far to do every week, so when I heard that they have opened much closer to my home, we had to stop in of course.On our second visit to this location, Linda was as sweet as ever, remembering my family from months ago! The new location has plenty of seating, so there is no wait for a table anymore. However, when we ate here, there were only about 2 other occupied tables but TONS of people came in and out ordering take-out like I used to. However, the people that are doing take-out are missing out on the chips, guac, and salsa as well as the orange slices and fortune cookies! So, this is my second time ordering the tacos as lettuce wraps and I LOVE them! I watch my carbs when I am provided with alternatives and I love that I can get all the flavors that I love in a lettuce wrap. I ordered one of each protein: beef, pork, and chicken. In the 15+ times I've ordered from KoMex, I never tried the pork. I have been missing out. The flavors from the marinade really stand out and are so great. The bugulgi is wonderful as usual with its hints of sweetness. The chicken was good, but did not have the korean flavors as much as the other 2. I'd say if you're weary of Korean flavors, start with the chicken, but please please please try the beef and pork. They are amazing and you will not be let down. Always get kimchee on them, or on the side. I have also tried the tofu taco which is yummy and they said that the tofu taco is not naturally vegan, but they're able to make it vegan, so I can bring my vegan friends here!My husband ordered the mixed fried rice that comes with every protein including shrimp, as well as the bugulgi burrito. My kids shared what we ate as well as spam masubi. We were stuffed and even had left-overs for about $30 before tip. My favorites are: lettuce wraps/tacos, burritos, chow fettuccine with beef and kim chee fried rice with spam. Make sure to try their korean hot sauce. It is the best! I love that I could technically eat here 5 days straight, yet be eating a different culture of food every day. Their menu is expansive, yet everything is done wonderfully. Thanks for being so welcoming Komex. We will see you soon!
4	My daughter and I went and had a late dinner here. We were immediately greeted and were told we could take a seat anywhere we wanted.  The lady came and gave us placemats and the menus.  It took us a while just to order, not because service was slow, but because I couldn't decide what I wanted! There was so many yummy choices! My daughter ordered the Spam Musubi which were HUGE. She liked them and couldn't finish the 2nd one. One order comes with 2 musubi. There was an option to get them with egg, but she declined. I would have ordered it with, but that's neither here nor there. I ordered the chow fettuccine with beef bulgogi. I forgot to ask if I could get it without onion or bell peppers. I didn't mind it having it. That part was not overwhelming. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the whole dish had a black pepper and sesame oil taste to it. It was so delicious. I only ordered the half order after the server say it was actually more than half the size of a whole order. Needless to say, I still took half of it home. I ordered the bulgogi burrito for hubs when we ordered our food and asked her to make it "to go." Our server did not forget. She brought me a box, the check and my husband's burrito. This place is really good. The prices are really too good to be true.  I don't want to say cheap because to me that sounds negative for such delicious food. We will definitely be back here.
5	Picked up a Vegas weekly mag and it highlighted this place for its Nachos. Next day I checked it out for myself. Bulgogi nachos/fries are legit...can't go wrong.
5	Excellent food and service. The food is delicious and cheap. I highly recommend this restaurant. My experience was amazing.
5	Love this place! Food is great! The owner is really nice! The restaurant is clean! Our first time at this restaurant. We were undecided on what to get. So I yelped some pictures. I was not disappointed at all! Had the Tacos (1 beef, 1 chicken, and 1 pork) I didnt know which one I liked the most.The kids had musubi. My daughter can eat 2 normal sized Musubis but these were a whole nother caliber. For $4 you get 2 pieces but they were huge and my daughter couldnt finish the second piece. Also the Bulgogi Nachos were really good. We had a half order because they give you complimentary chips and salsa ... didnt want to over do it. Definitely a must try place... support your local ma&pa businesses!
4	Great service, great food, great prices!They'll start you off with complimentary tortilla chips with salsa and guacamole (Delicious!). Something to definitely try are their Fusion Fries! I like bulgogi (Korean marinated beef) on it with extra jalapenos. Also, their Fusion Fried Rice (Chicken, Spicy Pork, or Beef). Tacos are good and so are their burritos. The restaurant is always clean and the staff has always been great to me. I've enjoyed the gritty Korean/Mexican fusion food trucks like Bool and Kogi since I've lived in L.A., and even though Komex's tacos and burritos aren't as good, they still do other things really well.
5	Besides the booze, clubs, gambling, and all the other glitz and glamour that makes me want to come back to Vegas, this place is up there!As a Californian, I've had my fair share of Korean-Mexican food (hello bool, Kogi, and Calbi trucks).  When I found out there was a dedicated Korean-Mexican food place on yelp in Vegas, I couldn't help but have to try it.  Dare I say, it is better than all the Korean-Mexican food trucks in LA?! I recommend ordering bulgogi as your meat choice in whatever you order. We ended up ordering the bulgogi quesadilla, bulgogi flautas, and the half order bulgogi fries.  All were absolutely delicious.  Their bulgogi is moist and full of flavor.  The portions were huge, better than what I expected.  For the two of us, we barely finished most of those three dishes even though we were starving. The bulgogi fries are basically a carne asada fries but WAY better since they use bulgogi and the Korean hot sauce complements it well. A half order of fries is enough for three people to share.Although it is located away from the Strip, trust me it is worth the drive out of the glitzy area to this place.  It is located off of Buffalo and Flamingo and is inside the same plaza as BabyStacks.  There is a decent amount of sitting and prices were reasonable with most dishes being under $10.  This location closes on Mondays while the other on Decatur Blvd closes on Sundays.Needless to say, this place is on my must go to eats list in Vegas!
5	This place is amazing the steak tacos are so flavorful. Everything I tried I've really enjoyed.  The service is also very attentive.  If you have not experienced komex go n try it, you won't be disappointed. ..
4	Have eaten at the original location at least a dozen times, but never tried the shrimp fusion taco - until today. The shrimp quality is amazing, almost lobster-like & not 'watery' like cocktail shrimp. My favorite house salsa is the bright red one with green onions in it. Perfect medium-hot heat. I put at least 1 ounce of it on each taco.Reasonably-priced, and incredibly nice service. Not exactly a great date spot or a place to impress your in-laws - just creative, quality food served up with love. Nothing wrong with that!
4	I have been wanting to try Komex for a long time now and finally stopped in for lunch. I ordered the fusion nachos with the beef and my husband ordered the fusion chimichanga with the bulgogi beef. While we were waiting for our food to come out we were served a basket with chips, salsa, and guacamole.  The salsa was okay but I was impressed with the guacamole. It was a bit more chunky than what I make but had super good flavor!Onto the nachos and chimi, we were both pleasantly surprised how well the sweet garlicky beef married with the Mexican flavors of the nachos and they didn't skimp on the toppings.  I asked for hot sauce and our server brought out a caddy that had 4 different ones. By far our favorite was the chunky salsa that was spicy and sweet at the same time.  The true star of the show was the finely chopped bulgogi beef,so tender and delicious. We will definitely come back!!!
5	This was everything I've ever wanted in a restaurant. The flavors, the service, the price, the extras, the creativity, the portion. It was all there!Our waitress was super helpful in choosing dishes. We got the fusion fries and fusion tacos. She told us which sauces paired well with which foods. The food was super hot and was a huge portion. Total for 2 was $14! What?! So good.They have your free chips, salsa, guac, and a sliced orange. Def coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	You can never go wrong with the bulgogi nachos.  The chips are always crisp,  toppings are plentiful and portion size will fill you up. The fusion beef sliders with fries are great. Who knew a bulgogi cheesesteak would be so delicious, they did that's why it's on the menu. I love getting the pork belly skewers as an appetizer. I always leave full and satisfied with some leftovers to take home.
4	I have been meaning too come check out KoMex for awhile now. Or could say all the times been too babystack cafe located in the same shopping plaza keep thinking too myself need too try KoMex the next day. Well I finally got around too it.  It was a mixed experience or really one not very star any worthy dish and then one that was home run. I came for lunch. The house chips and salsa/guacamole talk about great start too any meal of the day. The salsa was really nice not too spicy but still had a nice little kick too it. The guacamole was awesome! The chips was crispy, hot, and really could tell fresh tortilla they fried off. The seasoning on the chips was spot on too. Just make sure not too overload on them. Or just cave in too the addiction that once get one need another and another...I ordered two dishes the fusion sliders and the kim chee fried rice. The fusion slider for me not fan of at all. The bulgogi meat that was awesome had really nice flavor, moist, and could have had whole plate just the meat. I felt like  it failed especially came too the slider buns. It was little bigger then normal slider buns. I felt with every bite was eating more bread then the whole compliment of bulgogi and the topping too the hot sauce inside the slider. The bun by itself was very bland and sandwich not sandwich if your bread all out of whack too start. Where the fusion sliders not the best thing on the menu. Once I got too try the kim chee fried rice with spam and topped with fried egg. Back in my Happy place with food. The spam goes really well with the kim chee make nice balance of flavors and fried egg on anything easy sold on that idea. I love me some fried egg. The portion sizes are decent size as are the prices. Most of the entrees all under $10 or not many that recall that went over that amount. The service was great, friendly, suggested spam with my fried rice (I was going in different direction but always trust the servers recommendation?), and very attentive making sure everything was ok. Although it was hit and miss. KoMex definitely place come back too try more of the menu. Not only reasonable price, good food, and even better close too the house!!
4	Komex is one of those places where a little goes a long way.  $10 gets you a lot of food, and the food is good.  The food is also consistent, with this location serving the same dishes with the same flavors as the original spot.I've stuck with their fusion offerings, since fusion is in the restaurant name.  The tacos, tostadas, and flautas are my go to dishes.  Taking this style of food and using Korean style meats works out quite well, with the pork being my favorite meat.  Service is friendly and food has always been fresh.  With the larger restaurant space, this location is a great place to stop by for a quick lunch or small dinner at a good price.
3	We came on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't very busy so service was very fast. Ordered bulgogi beef tacos and pork belly tacos. We took it to go so we didn't have a chance to try their complimentary chips and salsa but we did get their "chunky" salsa. The salsa has a hint of Korean flavors almost like a kimchi salsa and so hot I was almost seeing colors, I love it!. I've never had bulgogi style beef so I didn't know what to expect. It was tender and mildly sweet. It was plentiful and flavorful. The pork belly had a good flavor but it just didn't mesh well on a taco. I will dream of the bulgogi nachos tonight!
3	Great initial idea. Korean flavored beef in Mexican preparations and they do it pretty well. Bulgogi burritos and quesadillas are nice. It's a dive joint and maybe I want to much. I wish they would finish the thought and make some Mexican flavored Korean dishes. Carnitas noodle bowls or something
4	FINALLY, I got the chance to try KoMex.  I hadn't known that they had one near my work, so I was exciiiited.  My hubs has been wanting me to try this place for the longest.  He works up North, but we live on the opposite side of town so I never agreed to going there until we were on that side of town.  Well that never came around, but here I am at their other location.  We came right when they opened and I have to say that this restaurant gets really busy.  So if you are in a rush, they even put a sign up saying that there will be a wait.  Well I had every intention of trying one of their fusion Tacos or Burritos, but I basically had my mind set when I saw the Bulgogi plate.  I was so thankful that they brought us chips, salsa, and guacamole.  I was so hungry.  Guacamole was awesome!  On to my main dish.  Can I tell you that I was impressed?  I would be the type to try what their best known for, but I went on a limb and just did Korean.  The bulgogi is flavored right, the fried rice is a great option to compliment your choice of protein, and if you think thats too much carbs and protein you can add on veggies which is what I did.  Oh, the hot sauce, on point!  I'm pretty sure its made there.  It has a really nice kick to it.  I want to return and try their bulgogi fries and a burrito, however, I'll need my husband to assist on finishing their large portions.  LOL!
5	My wife and I got takeout from Komex and they were nice enough to make our order even though we arrived a couple minutes after closing. The food was delicious and what I was hoping from a Korean/Mexican place at a very reasonable price. My only complaint is that the menu is a little hard to read since all of the items start with the word Fusion. I get that it is the brand and all, but it is hard to scan a menu when everything starts with Fusion.
5	We tried the tacos (Bulgogi, Pork Belly, and Calamari), KoMex Nachos w/KimChi, and Wonton soup. Everything was delicious and the meat was really cooked perfectly! There wasn't a bunch of fat on it and it wasn't rubbery or chewy. Their slaw they put on the tacos is kind of sweet and if you want hot sauce they bring you 4 types (2 Mexican and 2 Korean), though none of it is really that spicy. Food portions were decent and my wife and I ended up with take out after ordering only a half size nacho and soup to split with the tacos. Service was friendly and the price was reasonable. We will definitely be back.
5	First off, for what you pay, portion is way generous.  Pregnant wife ask if it will be enough to fill her... yup! She said she is way full. Fusion done right! Taste so good!!I ordered togo but wait wasn't long. Plenty of seating for group. Bathroom was clean too.I'm telling you, generous portions. Ordered: full bulgogi plate, beef flautas, half order season cheese fries w chicken
4	I ordered the nachos with bulgogi, fusion enchilada and wontons.Food-only ate here once but i love how they mix it up with korean and mexican dishes.  First timer and it was pretty good.  Nachos is awesome.Ambiance-Felt good nice place to chillax and watch the game as well.Customer service- on point! Super friendly and efficient.  Very helpful and patient.Food 3 stars, customer sevice 5 stars.
5	We chose to go the unconventional route and had our 30+ person wedding rehearsal dinner at Komex. Lynda was a pleasure to work with and made things so easy for us. We sent her a menu of what we wanted and an explanation of how we wanted the tables/chairs configured and her and the staff executed things perfectly. They did an amazing job staying on top of any additional orders we had to put in, clearing away plates, and keeping our buffet table clean and organized. I frequent Komex regularly and what I was most impressed by was their ability to present us with the same high quality food throughout the night since our party was so large, and they had other guests inside the restaurant that they were serving. We got a lot of bang for our buck here and I'm so glad we could share something we love about Vegas with our out-of-town guests. Bonus: they now have a TV inside and since the NBA playoffs were going on, guests didn't have to miss out on the games. Now that the wedding is over, I'll definitely be back to Komex for my favorite fusion cheesesteaks!
4	Clean restaurant, good food seasoned well, large portions.  I am a fan! The beef bulgogi plate and the pork bulgogi plate are both very good and I recommend trying both of these meat plates.  If you spring for the fried rice, it is delicious!  I recommend giving this place a try for a good meal at a good price when you are in the mood for something casual yet adventurous.
1	This restaurant is quite terrible to its taste in atmosphere and I will never return to this place and general.
2	I had high expectations after hearing so much about this place. It was ok. Everything tastes the same. A lot of items with bulgogi. I would like to have seen more variety. Pork belly tacos were nothing special; nachos were ok, order the small - large is huge and eating too much of it is a little overwhelming. I was expecting more.
3	This place is okay if you go in with the expectation that you'll be getting fast food that you can't really buy anywhere else. As for the quality, everything was extremely greasy.We got the fettuccine noodles, a cheesesteak sandwich, and a bulgogi plate.  Each item was greasier than the last.We saw the reviews and were really excited to try this place but it was a let down.  The price is what makes this a three. Otherwise the food alone was probably a 2 to 2 1/2 stars.
4	I've tried another Korean-Mexican place in L.A. and had the runs, but the adventurous part of me still wanted to give this classification of cuisine another shot. I went with family and was thoroughly impressed. The tacos had the right texture and aroma with the tortilla, and the burrito was well done. Though the beef bulgogi was on the sweet side just a bit. It worked well with the burrito, but not so much the enchilada. Staff was friendly, and the toothpicks for the oranges were cute. The men's bathroom was clean, though it was intimidating seeing a poster of the godfather woke I was peeing. I highly recommend!
5	Thank god they opened one on the sw part of town. We love everything on the menu! We usually get the taco w kimchi on the side, and the spam fried rice.
5	We decided to throw my son's 1st communion reception at this Komex location and it was the best experience. You wouldn't think to throw a big group party here, but Linda and the staff made hosting my party of 40 people a breeze. Linda made the reservation and ordering process so simple. She answered EVERY question I had and made sure I was well taken care of throughout the whole party. The staff was so helpful and the food was fresh and ready to serve when I requested. They split my appetizers of bulgogi fries into proportionate servings so that I could spread it out amongst my guests and they set up a buffet-style area to serve the main dishes. They even allowed my to drop off my cake to hang on to until serving time and provided a knife and plates for that as well. I was worried about the expenses of drinks since they only sell by the can or bottle but they provided pitchers (actually fancy serving bottles) of filtered water to offset that cost tremendously and I just ordered non-water beverages for whoever wanted it. They set up the tables in rows so my party can all sit together, and they also covered the tables with tableclothes for a more elegant appeal. I also appreciated the complimentary salsa and chips to feed my guests until everyone arrived. Thank you all so much for such an amazing experience and I can't wait to go back!
4	Yummy food but the service is just okay. I had to wait a long time for water but it was worth it for the delicious bulgogi tacos
2	I don't get what the big deal is.  We ordered a bunch of different things and honestly nothing stood out.  Food was bland.  Meat quality was subpar.  Restaurant interior was boring.  Won't be back.
5	Great food, amazing price, the most friendly staff! Love the new location withy the option to get some ice cold beer. The owners couldn't be nicer and their food is always fresh and delicious! My favorite spot in Vegas for a quick, cheap, and yummy meal!
5	Delicious! Great customer service and speed in delivering items. They did a great job making recommendations based on my food allergies (celiac disease-no gluten!) I ordered tacos in lettuce cups and they were delicious. My favorite were the beef tacos!!!
5	Komex is great; great food, great people, great prices, good location...I am always happy I chose to put their food in my belly and my money in their till. Their menu is just the right size; big enough you can try a few different things, although why would you do that, Bulgogi Tacos are where it's at, and ---oh, you're gluten free? Well those come in lettuce wraps. And your friend is a pescatarian? Well we can do those with shrimp? Both of those people are in your same group? No worries, is there anything else we can get for you?The owners are amazingly kind, and I've run into them a few times without realizing. Food in the restaurant is as awesome as takeout, as long as you don't wait forever to eat your takeout. This is the sort of local gem that everyone secretly hopes gets discovered so the owners can have a million billion dollars and hopes never ever gets discovered so it never changes. Komex soars in the intersection of the cuisines; spice and texture. The korean slaw, crisp and salty and vinegary, playing off against the beefy spiciness of the bulgogi, and the spice of the korea-mexican red...stuff. We'll call it salsa. All in a taco shell or lettuce cup while the juice spills down your fingers...Get the fusion stuff, and step up your usual spice level, and you'll get what the "deal" is. Pros;- Great food, people, prices, and locale.- Easy parking.- Open pretty darn late.- Easy takeout.- They really make it easy for you to give them your money. Never any complaints about splitting checks, half cash half card, debit cards.Cons;- Con....con...con...The chimichanga was my least favorite of the things I ate there? It got pretty soggy halfway through. But I'm pretty sure that's inherent to chimichangas.- This is sort of my Yelp mantra, but Know What You're In For. If you order All the Wrong Things you will have a pretty "meh" experience.
4	Love the concept, pretty happy with some tacos, other dishes are pretty average. - chicken nachos, very meh, not sure if it's because nachos should never be made fusion style or the lack of the korean sauce ruined it. - Calamari tacos-- MEH, Do Not get.  Basically two fishstick like pieces of calamari with tartar sauce, Disgusting. Onto the good. - Fish taco is delectable. Very well seasoned and tasty. I've had shrimp and bulgogi at the other location and those did not disappoint, the Pork belly was average, nothing to write home about, not very flavorful, it sounds exotic, but it did not deliver.Musubi w fried egg was ok. A tad on the salty side, and I would've liked more rice, but for 4$ for two giant pieces, I aint complaining.  Makes me miss Hawaii.
1	Gross. This is not fusion.  This is like "hey, your Korean condiments got in my Mexican food".  Server was not in the best of moods not was she helpful with suggestions from the menu.  The food was gross. They had good chips but have us(group of five) one tiny basket to share with one tablespoon of Pico Dee Gallo....no offer to fill the chips.  Ambiance was not impressive. I will not be returning it suggesting this place to anyone. I love Mexican food and Korean food so I can't even say how disappointing this place was.
3	Sorry, but I just don't get it. Yes, it is fusion but it maybe my taste buds or the things are made. Walked into the door, and yes, the service was exceptional. Greeted right away and sat right down. Ordered their tacos: beef, chicken and pork belly; & nachos with spicy pork. I have to admit, it's kinda weird because I'm used to eating Korean food -- Korean way not mixed with Mexican.I do have to admint that the pork belly is worth getting. One more thing, this place has an odd smell. Maybe it's their cleaning supplies? Just cleaned the area where I sat?
4	Really good food mixing Mexican and Korean food style together! Gotta try the lettuce pork belly wrap!! Really affordable and the service was great considering there was only 2 people working
4	I'm so appalled that it took me this long to try this place but whew, finally! I love the concept, of course. The menu is not extremely extensive to the point where you get so confused on what to get. I opted for a simple Bulgogi & white rice because I was craving it but I also got to try their Bulgogi Chimichanga and Kimchi Fried Rice.Nom! Everything was so tasty and unique. I really enjoyed my meal. Our server was extremely friendly as well. Tried to get the Fries to-go but she mentioned how it might be too soggy so she suggested the Nachos. Based on my cousins devouring it in minutes, I'd say the Nachos were delicious.Can't wait to go back & try other dishes!
3	So we stumbled in here because babystackz was super packed and we were starving. When we walked in we were able to pick wherever we wanted to seat and that was cool. Started looking over the menu and wasn't too sure if id like it here not. So I'll just go on to rate the foodCalamari tacos (4.5/5) kind of expecting squid with tentacles but nope just strips so probably frozen. But the flavors were so simple and tasted great.Chimichanga with bulgogi beef (3.99/5) when I'm eating something with bulgogi I feel as if I'm exPecting the meat to totally blow my mind with bursting flavors but it wasn't as bulgogi as I expected. I'm not sure that makes sense but some of you that read this may know what I'm taking about. The Mexican part of this dish was very good and their salsas that you can put on this are all greatPork belly musubis (5/5)- omg! This was probably my favorite thing here. it wasn't just covered with teriyaki sauce like mostplaces just to give the meat flavor cooked right the pork belly had the good crisp on it like bacon but I would like it a little more crisp. The coolest thing was our waitress did say I could add an egg on it and have like mini breakfast musubis so ill be back to try this for sureKimchi fried rice( 3/5) this dish needs some work so I don't have that much to say but the flavors need to be brought it with more vegetables that I feel were missing from a kimchi fried rice. I don't mind the soggy sometimes as long as fried rice has that little burnt taste like it was cooked on a hot wok but it wasn't there and too mushy.Korean Chicken wings (3/5)-one of my favorite things if done right but some disappointing news for you here from me was the chicken was frozen and fried which made it hard. im very picky when it comes to chicken and yeah it didn't compare to the same wings from soyo or buldogis.The prices and the service was good so we will definitely be back to try other things I just hope I can give my honest review first and maybe they can work on these things and ill enjoy the food more going forward.
5	Komex is a must when we go to Vegas.  We have been to the other location a few times and decided to try this location on a Sunday. (This one is closed on Monday, the other is closed on Sunday).We shared a 1/2 order of beef nachos and 1/2 order of pork fried rice.  The 10-year ordered the calamari tacos.The nachos were my favorite, I think I prefer their beef over the pork.  Huge portions and these were just the 1/2 orders.This location is a bit further out from the strip, but its roomier, newer, and cooler (literally, like better air conditioned) than the first location.
3	The Skinny: tried their beef, chicken, pork belly, fish taco - would only recommend getting 1 out of 4 (3) Service: good and prompt (3) Value: given we'd only order 1 dish out of four again, I think we'll pass on this (3).I'd been wanting to try this place out for a while given everything that I've read and heard about this place. Finally, they opened a location close by my hood? Game on.So we ordered their beef, chicken, pork belly and fish fusion tacos to start.We were served up the complimentary chips, salsa and guacamole which was decidedly meh. I forgot to take a picture of the guacamole but it was brown and relatively bland. The salsa was alright but nothing special. The chips were clearly their homestyle fried corn tortillas which were overly thick and greasy.The fusion tacos we ordered were quite filling and the serving size is quite large. All the tacos were topped with shredded cabbage and tomatoes (FYI, I thought the tomatoes rather flavorless pale beefsteak tomatoes - not a of which I was not a fan.) There was a little too little meat per veggie ratio in the taco for my tastes.The fish in the fish tacos had a really tough coating on it and missing a nice light sauce on top to tie everything together. I found it overall to be too dry.The pork belly and the chicken tacos were okay - both had a hit of smokiness however they were oddly underseasoned for Korean food. I expected big flavor hits of chili paste and sesame oils... which weren't there.The best thing we tried was the bulgogi taco which was good - it was seasoned right and had a good amount of grilled flavor to it.Overall, given that we only really thought 1 dish was good out of 4, I think we'll pass on this place even though we were glad to finally check out what all the fuss was about (3 starred review).
5	This place is simply clever. Taking the Korean world and fusing it together with the Mexican world, you get KoMex Fusion. Such a brilliant idea and the food does not disappoint the idea. My favorites is the Bulgolgi Nachos. It is very delicious and it gets me craving it just by talking about it. The best part about this restaurant is that the price is so reasonable and the portions are perfect. This is a very unique and delicious food experience!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants to eat at especially when I'm pregnant. I'm not as daring as my husband, I stick to the Asian menu.  I always order the same thing: Chicken Bulogi, Fish Tacos, Kimchee Fried Rice, Wonton Soup and the Chow Fun. The staff is very friendly and I can't wait to try their Soju-tini!
4	Nice tasty food.  good place to go.
2	I've been to their other location a handful of times and love it every time I go there. But since I was closer to this location, I decided to give it a try.The food is the same. Its always just as delicious, but the reason for this two stars was the service. The waitress made it such a bad experience. She had an attitude the whole time! From the minute we stepped in, she wasnt even welcoming. She had zero patience for us when we were deciding on chicken or beef (a 30 second discussion). She only refilled our waters once while there were only two other tables here. Not even a smile from this lady!I love KoMex and I will continue to go, but definitely not this location.
3	Like most places in Vegas, KoMex is in a random little strip mall. We ordered the tacos, bulgogi burrito, and fettuccine chow mein. All of them were good, but nothing blew my mind. The tacos were probably my first choice of what I would order if I were to go back.The burrito second. It was good, but the bulgogi wasn't as flavorful and wasn't nearly as saucy as I was expecting.The noodles (to me) were the most disappointing, so we took these to go after our meal. I personally thought these tasted better as leftovers.I do like the complimentary chips & salsa (though this is purely mexican and not korean at all)KoMex has a great concept going, but I believe that their large menu leaves a lot of room for improvement. I'd like to see them narrow down the items they offer, and improve on those.
5	Who would have thought the best grilled cheese I've ever had would have come from a burrito place... and a Korean/Mexican fusion burrito place at that. Seriously, the grilled cheese is three dollars and is the best I've ever had. Bulgogi beef, melty cheese and sourdough. Where has this been all my life? Other appetizers than the grilled cheese included short ribs and some sort of fried fish, which were good but not great, but maybe had an unfair shot being put up against the grilled cheese... which i think i mentioned was pretty good.  As far as the actual specialties... the fusion burrito is a combination of what you would find in a traditional Burrito (rice, lettuce, cheese etc), but with Bulgogi beef and kimchi (ask for it inside). Throw on on spicy fusion sauce and you've got something that makes you wonder why this "Komex" country doesn't actually exist, if only for the food.  Service was good, prices reasonable. Only drawbacks are1. The inside feels something like a mix between the DMV and a classroom2. Chips and salsa/guac seemed like an afterthought - but hey if you are giving it to me for free I will not dock you for it.
4	Me, my brother, and my cousin hit this spot up. We sat at the bar ordered 2 rounds of Hite and a couple shots of soju. I ordered a bulgogi taco, a calamari taco, a bulgogi flauta, and a pork belly taco. My bro got a shrimp taco, bulgogi taco, and 2 pork belly tacos. My cuz got the bulgogi burrito. The chips salsa and guacamole were good. The bulgogi was dry and it was not marinated long enough. The calamari taco was excellent. My bro gave me one of the shrimp from his taco and it was tender and good. The flauta was dry to me and with the bulgogi not being marinated long enough it didn't work to me and I had to add guacamole and sour cream to every bite to finish it. I think the crown jewel was the pork belly tacos. The pork was thick cut and had a smokey flavor to it. I mixed a couple of the salsas together and it rounded out the taco nicely.I like this spot!
5	Awesome food! Nachos and fries were more than enough for two people. Bulgolgi beef is tasty. All the ingredients are fresh. The Kimchi fried rice is excellent! I will definitely come back again!
4	I love Mexican food and my wife loves Asian food. Lucky for us we have KoMex! Best of both worlds. Definitely have to try the spicy pork tacos with the fusion hot sauce. The beef is leagues above what you get from Roberto's or similar taco shops. They also have chips, salsa, and guacamole while you wait. Btw we had excellent service and the food was done within 5-10 minutes. My only suggestion would be to less oil in the cooking.
5	This is amazing! Great fusion of the best Asian Mexican foods! Something for everyone. Great service even better prices and huge portions! Must try fusion nachos, kimchi fried rice, fusion sliders! Love!
4	We originally planned to go to the other location but that one is closed on Sundays. Good thing we came to this location because they have special bar menu items that are not available at the other one. Let's just say the bulgogi burrito and grilled cheese are two MUST tries. I'm sure everything with beef in it will be good since they marinate their bulgogi very well. We tried the chicken with quesataco and it was good but nothing special. Chicken is tender and the flavor is average, however this is probably one of the healthier tasting item we ordered. We also tried bulgogi half fries and half nachos. I personally don't think getting the nacho was a good idea because they give you free chips so if you really wanted to you could just mix that in with the fries. But overall that dish was okay. The flavoring wasn't as good as the rest of items we tried and it probably will never order this again now that I know what it taste like. There are still some items on the menu that we would love to try but didn't get a chance to. Definitely will be back again next time we are in the area.
2	Marketed as a Korean/Mexican fusion joint.  KoMex is somewhat lacking at both of those aspects.  They essentially are a standard Roberto's style restaurant quality that also serves fried rice, noodles (chow mien, etc.) and Mexican entrees with korean style meats like bulgogi, pork belly and the sort.  They also have pork belly saimen.  I had the kimchee fried rice with shrimp.  All the ingredients were there.   A bit spicy and there was a good amount of shirmp in it.  It was pretty good, but then again how can you mess up fried rice really.  3.5/5Members of our table ordered the fried fish plate w/fried rice.  A bulgogi enchalada, bulgogi tacos, french fries and the spicy wings.  All of these were of bar grub quality.  Fries were light & crispy but could have used some salt.  The wings looked like buffalo style wings with a touch of Thai chili.  The bulgogi enchelada and tacos were sub par in flavor and there literally was nothing else in the tacos but thinly sliced meat.  No sauce no onions or veggies.  Nothing much stood out. 2/5 overallThe restaurant itself was lacking in ambiance.  Very cafeteria-esque.  Too bright.  Much less inspired than similar places like L&L or Aloha Kitchen for example. 2/5Not much of a chance for a return visit.
4	Another great visit.  They food is always fresh and good.  I do prefer the other location but no biggy.  Nice staff.
4	Yum! I'd come back here again. It's a tad pricey, but the food is delicious. I ordered a beef bulgogi taco, pork belly and fried egg musubi, and beef bulgolgi fries. The beef bulgolgi taco wasn't anything extraordinary. For those who have had Kogi Truck, Kogi surpasses by far. But the musubi and fries were much better than I had anticipated. Everything in the musubi was perfectly marinated. The order comes with 2 musubis for $6, plus an extra $1.50 if you add egg. Totally worth adding the egg. The musubis were huge and wanted to fall apart when I picked them up from the plate. But they were sooo good. I can imagine grabbing them on the go if I'm running low on time. The fries were also really good. It'd be nice if we could get them with add-ons (namely avocado). But the flavors were really good. A whole order is enough to feed 6 people if they're ordering other food, 2-3 if they're only eating the fries. My friends also ordered bulgogi burritos, shrimp ceviche, and flautas. The burritos were like little babies, big and fat. Looked tasty and monstrous. The ceviche was shrimp and avocado sitting on a chip the size of a tea plate. And the flautas looked crispy and come in a set of 3. Of all those, I'd probably only see myself getting the burrito in the future. The service was also good. Seems family owned. One of the waiters doesn't speak English, but he's really nice. The woman who seats everyone and takes their orders is also really friendly. I'd come back!
5	You have not lived until you have ate KoMex!!! I use to eat at the Decatur location ALL the time and I am super excited that this new location is less than a mile away now! That can be either good or bad :-/ it's not the most healthy food but it for sure hits the spot every time! Tonight I placed a to-go order which seems to be the more efficient and time effective way to get your food without much of a wait! I do know that they are a fresh to order kind of place so it's not like you can walk in and anything on the menu is already prepared! Tonight I ordered the Bulgogi quesadillas and the musubi with spam and a fried egg! Delicious! I usually get the Bulgogi fries but tonight I switched it up! This place is a MUST! If you're looking to order a cocktail they do have a bar in this location which is most definitely a PLUS! Go KoMex!
5	First time going here and I was blown away! Entered and was greeted immediately. We got to choose where to sit and their menu is clean and simple. Me and my friend ordered the:Fusion (beef) Enchilada Plate $8.00(3 Rolled Tacos in Corn Tortillas topped with Red Sauce & Cheese) with Mexican Rice and the Fusion Nachos/ Fusion Fries combined 1/2 Nacho - 1/2 Fry COMBO $11.00 Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno & Korean Hot SauceWhile waiting we were given a basket of chips, salsa, and guacamole. Chips were stale and the sauces were okay. Food came in within 10 minutes and the portion sizes were not too big yet not too little. It was perfect! Nacho/fries fusion was so delicious. You can taste the marinated bulgogi and the mix of cheese, korean hot sause, and pico de gallo. It was the perfect flavor combination. We ate the plate clean ;)As for the enchilada plate, it was also good but not my favorite. Bulgogi was spot on and the rice was okay. Paid $21 for a very filling, satisfying lunch for two. Not bad I must say! Going here more often now!
3	KoMex is a solid restaurant if your looking for a quick meal. They are located in the same parking lot as Baby Stacks on the corner of Flamingo and Buffalo. The service is pretty good and so is the food...but don't expect to be blown away. Ive been here three times, and each time has been the same...average.
5	Such great food! Really good mix of both styles. I ordered the Fusion Chimichanga. It was so large I didn't know where to start :-) . My boyfriend ordered their calamari taco, some wontons and shrimp ceviche. He loved all if it! The Calamari as really good. Would be awesome if they had it just as an appetizer on its own as well. Wonton soup was good too!
5	I've been to this location a couple of times and each time our waitress/hostess was awesome!  Not sure if there was a different waitress that the other review was for, but we've had the same one each time.  The service was good, they were constantly refilling our drinks and making sure we had everything we needed.  They have lettuce cups for taco shells if you're looking for a lower carb friendly option.  We've had the skewers, lettuce cup tacos, bulgogi burritos, bulgogi chimichangas, egg and spam musubi, nachos/fries... all have been delish!Closed on Mondays, but their other location is open.
4	Looks can be deceiving...don't judge a book by its cover...this place looks shady but the food was excellent!The interior is very low key. I mean it's simply tables and chairs. It's clean and I like that! The service was very good. Our waitress was nice and knowledgable. She gave recommendations and I was pleased with the food. We ordered bulgogi nachos which were amazing. They had a Korean sauce that had a perfect kick to it. The meat was tender. This dish was on point. We also had the flautas which were fried just right. The guacamole to dip it in was great. We tried a pork belly fusion taco as well...eh. I've had better but it was tasty. The meal came with complementary chips and salsa. Chips were hot and fried! Will return to have the nachos but want to try the other location!
3	A pretty decent spot overall, IMO, this spot deserves about a 3.5 stars. I liked the food here, but wasn't completely sold on it for what it's worth.This is a much bigger spot than the original location, and it also has a bar that you can sit down and order drinks, unlike the original location. After trying the food at both locations, I can say that for a fact that the food is exactly the same.After sitting down, the server asked us for our drinks. I have to say, the service here is pretty good, even though they could have used more than one server. Our complimentary chips and dip then came out. So, I've never been a fan of flour tortilla chips, which is what they use here. But to each his/her own. The salsa was slightly better than the guac, but both were pretty weak. The guac could have used more acid and seasoning, and I wasn't big on the tomatoes they used for their salsa.Fusion fries/nachos - I've tried both versions. In the end, it's just OK. The fries weren't as crispy as I would have liked, they became soggy rather quickly. Besides having the bulgogi, spicy pork bulgogi, and kimchi as toppings, the rest itself is pretty plain.. Something that you could get at any video poker bar.On a brighter note, I had a bite of my friends' spicy pork quesadilla and it was good, except being just a tad too sweet. The portions here are great considering the value.For the fusion part, they take Korean ingredients and incorporate them into Mexican dishes. This is just my opinion, but I would like to see it the other way around as well. For example, they can make a carne asada/al pastor/ or carnitas fried rice or chow fun. It's just a thought. It's their business and they can run it as they deem fit. They seem pretty successful with their own formula, but I think that would be pretty cool to see, even just as a special. I thought the food was ok here. Some of my friends are fanatics about this place, and I wouldn't mind tagging along with them if they were in the mood. But, I can't see myself stopping in by my own accord.
5	BOMB BOMB BOMB!  KoMex Fusion nacho fries are amazing!  Also had the enchiladas, SUPER!  This is one of my favorite spots to eat, GREAT food, service and very affordable!  You have to try it!!!
5	This place is just amazing. I love everything about it. The food is great, the price is fair. The selection is great as well. I love the idea of Mexican and Korean fusion, wish I could come here more but living in Henderson makes this place far.
5	Komex is amazing. Very original flavors. I always get the pork fuzion burrito and my wife loves the chicken. Used to go to the one on Decatur and was so happy I found they have new one here next to where I moved. They won't give me the hot sauce recipe but don't blame them its freakin awesome.!!
5	We had this recommended to us by a friend and I thought the mixture of the 2 was really weird. I was pleasantly surprised to find that they have some really great food. I've been here 2 times now and out of everything that Ive had so far, the nachos are my favorite. If they had these nachos at a random movie theater that theater would own all. The kalbi  sticks are a great quick snack. Service is fast and the lady we had explained things very well especially at explaining how hot some of the meals are.For the type of place this is I can't really imagine it any better.
3	Experience:  I came with some friends to try out the fusion.   I have wanted to try this place for almost a year.  Maybe sometimes that wait sets your expectations to high. It was decent, but not as good as I tasted it in my mind. Food: they put chips and salsa on the table that were okay, but definitely not my go to Mexican choice. I ordered 3 tacos which had your choice of meat...I picked the Bulgogi (Beef), Daeji bulgogi (Pork) and Pork Belly.  All there were good, but not amazing. My friend ordered the Kimchi fried rice.  It was a HUGE portion.  It was pretty tasty.Another friend ordered the bulgogi nachos that I tried, which were pretty disappointing. Even he was regretful at his order. Service:  the service was not too great.  I had to get up and find the waitress to get a beer. She was pretty slow to take our food order too.  It was a little busy, so that might have been the issue, but this is never an excuse as the management should staff better. Facility:  it's pretty small, but comfortable enough for this casual cuisine. Overall review:  it was ok.  I would probably come back with friends, but not at my suggestion.
4	The food was wonderful. My friends and I ordered the tacos and lettuce wraps. I couldn't complain about the food at all.The reason for the four stars is because the service was so slow. We had to wait about 20 minutes just to order our food after we were seated.
4	This place is great, I've been here a couple times now and the server is always very polite and attentive and unbelievably friendly. Also the food is delicious. I strongly recommend this place.
5	We are regulars of KomexI have tried several things on the menu and enjoyed them allMy personal favorite is kimchi fried rice with pork for the meat it is delicious and spicy (love kimchi and spicy food)Spam masubi with or without egg and it a nice big severing and you get 2Plenty of different drinks to choose from usually just get water, if it's cold out then hot white/green tea which they serve in a nice pot Highly recommend trying Komex
4	Love this place, I always get the bulgogi burrito. They give you free chips and salsa, it could be better, but I'm there for the actual dishes. Like I said I get the bulgogi, I tried the chicken before and definitely the bulgogi beats it. The place is clean and the staff is great.
5	Food was awesome. The staff was great in taking our order amd getting our food out quickly. We had a group of 25 adults, teen and kids and we all enjoyed our food. As soon as we arrived our table was ready and when they took our order our food was out in a few minutes. Food was great and fresh. The complimentary chips are freaking good. Don't fill up on them because you will not be able to enjoy the food. The Bulgogi nachos rocked! The Kimchi Rice rocked! All the food that we ordered rocked. Sometimes going off the strip you find a great place to eat. Easy parking, no fussing with the casino and getting lost and for the cost of a buffet you can actually order a wide variety of their food and still have change!
5	First Korean Mexican fushion I've ever went to!In the morning, it was empty - the waitress was very nice and kept checking up on us and talked to us sweetly; really brightened my day!Ordered the dak-bulgogi burrito with kimchi: And OMG, the kimchi was really good, pretty authentic kimchi - just like the type my grandmother makes :)The burrito was HUGE - (And not in that way, for the minds in the gutter lol), and stuffed with friend rice, lettuce, tomatoes, cilantro, pico de gallo, cilantro, and dak-bulgogi (which is korean chicken). Only wish that the hot sauces were more spicier, they didnt have any form of spice to me! But will come back again :)
2	Don't understand the rave reviews at least not for the fusion fish tacos. They are pretty bland with no pop for a place that has Mexico and Korean flavors. Anyway the toppings were fresh which is good and their salsas were good too.  I just expected more taste in the fish and batter.  Waitress was friendly and I appreciate that.
5	Very good Chinese food. Pan Fried Noodles was awesome! Very friendly over the phone and when I picked up.
5	Love this place! My aunt and uncle introduced my family and I to this spot while vacationing in Vegas a while back and this by far is one of the best restaurants ever! The customer service is great, the food is fantastic, and the price isn't bad either! I recommend it to anyone looking to try something new or just simply experience fusion dining.
5	I'm always super skeptical of fusion foods, because they usually don't turn out that great... but KoMex is definitely an exception. The service is noticeably wonderful and I like that they have both tables and bar seating. The food portions are huge, especially for the price. I ordered the Bulgogi Rice Bowl ($8) which has bulgogi, rice, KoMex slaw, jalapenos, kimchi, lettuce, a fried sunny side up egg, and this spicy sauce. It was filling and the amount of spice was just right. Of course there is a rack of hot sauce for the more daring diners.This happens to me a lot... but my friends usually order something better than what I have. Apparently for a limited time only, KoMex is serving Bulgogi Tater Tots ($9) which are tater tots topped with bulgogi, pork belly, bacon, sour cream, tomatoes, green onions, cheese. Best late night meal you can possibly ask for. Anyone who loves potatoes will be floored by the Bulgogi Tater Tots, so give them a try before they're off the menu!There are so many great options on the menu, all of them with raving reviews on Yelp, so I can't wait to go back and try more.
5	This is my new go to place. Everything was delicious. The fusion wings are to die for, the fusion fries are also to die for and we had the cheesesteak which was excellent. You get a basket of chips guacamole and salsa the soon as you sit down. We had a calamari and shrimp taco that were so good probably some of the best tacos I've had in Vegas. And make sure you ask them for the little turntable of hot sauces because they are also to die for. I will definitely come back over and over again.
5	this place is a hidden jewel in vegas! i kid you not. great fusion of korean and mexican foods. had the nachos and sliders and portions are amazing for its price. i actually wonder of they make profit when i see the portion of korean meat since it's expensive. anyhow, service was great and owner was really nice. wish they have one in cali!
