5	Another location of the already well-known frozen yoghurt shop in pittsburgh
4	Yummy, light and fresh :)Love their green tea and the red bean flavors which are not as easy to find in pgh. Their frozen yogurt  actually taste like yogurt, but not too tartty (except the tart ones, which I don't really can take). The fresh fruit toppings also make me feel not as guilty indulgent in some yummy dessert in the afternoon.
5	The Best Yoghurt Ever.
5	I died when they opened this second location.  The place is huge, the options are many and its soooo cheap.best fro-yo in pittsburgh.
4	Delicious yogurt. I wish they wouldn't use such GIANT cups. It's deceiving, and then I end up getting more than I want. It's nice that they have so many flavors, and interesting ones, too! It's fun to serve yourself. Good bright atmosphere, actually conducive to conversation.
5	The frozen yogurt is good. Toppings are fresh and numerous. Price is AMAZING. Staff is friendly. Opens till midnight. WHAT MORE CAN YOU EXPECT? I got raspberry + original mix and it was good but the TARO WAS AMAZING!
4	This second location occupies the space where Maggie's, a vegetarian/vegan eatery, once stood on Craig.  The interior looks a lot like Maggie's, and compared to Razzy Fresh's original Squirrel Hill location, this place is huge.  Like running laps huge.I'm a fan of the taro, and the other fruity yogurt flavors like banana and mango.  Sometimes the yogurt seems a little on the soft side, though.  The fruit toppings always look fresh, and they carry my very favorite topping, mochi bits.  I'll second another reviewer's comment that I wish they gave us the option of smaller cups.  My eyes are always bigger than my stomach (and my grad student wallet).I prefer this location to the Squirrel Hill one just because it's so spacious--even if you can't snag one of the numerous tables, there's plenty of standing room, though your stomach and taste buds will be satisfied at either place.
5	SO delicious, I need to write a review on another location. This one has the benefit of 1) being really close to CMU campus and 2) being right under the labs I spend all my time now.Favorites: honeydew, mango, green tea.Runner-ups: original, taro, (most "tart" flavors).The only thing to beware of is the gaping hole in your wallet after you've punched out an entire card in 2 short weeks.
4	I visit Pittsburgh fairly often, and always make it a point to get Froyo at Razzy Fresh.   It is a neat and clean establishment with a wide variety of fresh fruit toppings and yogurt flavors.  I really don't like it when froyo places don't provide a selection of fresh fruit toppings during the winter- LAME, but this place doesn't have that problem..  This place is the Bomb, and open late too!
4	The hours and location at this razzy fresh are awesome--open till midnight on most nights and in a great location on craig, the closest fro-yo place to CMU's campus.  The only semi-downside is the prices but think about it, random person who compared this to cold stone prices--at typical fro-yo icecream places you pay by the topping and don't have the option to add or limit what you want to put on top. At razzy fresh, it's in your control plus if you like fruit, it's actually fresh--not the week old, used-to-be-frozen shit you get at say, tutti frutti. the ice cream is really cheap if you choose to limit the toppings (or neglect them) and don't dump gobbles and gobbles of fro-yo into your big white cup.
4	How many froyo places do you know of where you can go and get a smattering of as many flavors as you wish?  Not a lot.  Razzy's flavor selection can't be beat.  And, as others have commented, they are super-convenient to both the Pitt and CMU campuses - especially for study/work breaks.Fav flavors are french vanilla (doesn't really taste fat-free, but I'll take it), and the taro (tart) flavors.  Agreed that the yogurt consistency can sometimes be a bit on the runny side.  Best to test before committing to a bunch.One other let-down is that some of their toppings are a bit off.  For instance, I don't know how old the peanut butter cup topping that they've used lately is, but it tasted pretty stale, and not so much like peanut butter cups (yikes).  Generally, I avoid non-fruit toppings and stick with the basic froyo.If I could give this place 3.5 stars, I would, but let's throw them the benefit of the doubt and just say 4.
5	Food: Of all the frozen yogurt places in Pittsburgh, Razzy Fresh has to be considered the best.  There are 8-10 choices of yogurt to choose from ranging from original, to exotic fruits, to chocolate, and you can mix and match as many as you desire.  There are tart and sweet varieties and lowfat, no-fat, and original too.  There are at least 15 toppings to choose from, and you put them on yourself! You can stack as many blueberries, fruity pebbles, or gummy bears on as you want, unlike other frozen yogurt places which place the toppings for you and charge additional for each one.  There are many fresh fruit options and all the typical ice-cream topping goodies too.  The cup you are given to load up your yogurt into is huge and you can help yourself to a lot or a little.  Price: You are charged by weight, so however hungry you are determines how much you pay.  I loaded up a pretty large cup that was more than enough to fill me up and paid around $3.50.  This is much more affordable than other frozen yogurt locations in the city.Atmosphere: If you choose to eat there, there are plenty of tables for a small or large group.  We parked on Craig St., which is always a challenge.Service: The line moves fast.(+): great taste, great price(-): parkingWould I go back again? Absolutely.  My new favorite dessert place.  And when made correctly with fresh fruit, I don't even feel guilty about it.
5	The first time I came across a self-serve yogurt place like this was in Vegas a year ago and I was pleasantly surprised to discover Razzy Fresh residing in close proximity to where I live.  I scanned the flavors and decided on cake batter and a bit of irish mint - put a few sprinkles and M&M's on it and called it a day...or rather dessert.  I enjoy the whole concept of this place, especially the fact that you can take as much or as little as you want and you pay depending on the weight.  For somone who prefers tastings to main entrees this is definitely my kind of place.
5	razzy m-f'n fresh!!!!
5	Pretty standard but nonetheless awesome frozen yogurt.Steer clear of the tart flavors.. I prefer sticking to the more ice cream-y ones like cake batter and new york cheesecake.Good selection of toppings and a really spacious area to sit and hang out with friends in.. best ambiance out of all the neighboring joints on Craig St.
5	This is basically like a gourmet frozen yogurt buffet- you pick a cup, choose your own flavors (from soft-serve machines), choose your own toppings, and then weigh your cup at the register to get rung up. The process is very quick and easy, the prices are fair, and the result was delicious. I can't really imagine picking another dessert place over this one.
5	Ridiculous number of flavors, fast service, good choice in toppings :) pretty much perfect!
4	Frozen Yogurt Buffet of dreams! Bam, I'm there! I know this has been a big thing in the "big cities" and finally trickled down to our "big little city." I have to say I really enjoyed this experience more in our city! The one I visited in NYC had only three choices of yogurt and the staffers scooped your toppings for you. This location lets you do it all! Which can obviously put you in the danger zone of overloading yourself to the point of no return. Not that I've had that happen.... BUT I like that there's so many different flavors to choose from. I REALLY wanted to choose the Cake Batter yogurt but looked around and decided that since it was one of the only ones that wasn't no fat I'd be a good girl and get one that's no fat. I choose the raspberry, which was equally as delish. Of course I totally loaded it with chocolate, so I ended up canceling out that no fat theme. But I couldn't resist those little brownie bites! Eek! Of course I MUST go back to do my own "research" on different combo's of flavors and toppings.
5	Best frozen yogurt around! Try the taro with some blackberries and strawberries on it.
4	I like by-the-weight frozen yogurt places! Even though I always accidentally get too much. This place has good yogurt and good toppings. They had taro, which was great. Also I liked their raspberry (I like tart yogurt). Yum!
5	Great selection of yogurt!
3	Eh. I didn't think this froyo place was that great.First, no mochi! What! How can you not have mochi!Second, I did like the selection of flavors...but I felt like the tart flavors weren't tart enough. I enjoyed my taro and original froyo...but it didn't have the smooth feeling like pinkberry or yogurtland. It was....okay?I did like the fresh fruit though, and the bright colors. And I did enjoy all the flavors...but I really wished it was more tart...and add the mochi, please? :P
4	Hurrah for the new RF location! I am a huge fan of their toppings selection (chocolate brownie bits, cheesecake bites, mochi, fruits, gummies, etcetc.)!! And their Taro froyo is sooo yummy. Also, I love that they have a "Buy 9 Froyos, get 1 free" program! In general, their prices are more reasonable than your typical froyo place.
3	Frozen yogurt with more toppings than I can fit into, well, a frozen yogurt cup? How can this go wrong?!Razzy Fresh isn't my favorite of fro-yo (let your "booing" begin now for saying that) places, but I do love the self-serve aspect of their design. I'm one of "those" people who thinks the mini blizzard at Dairy Queen is genius and was more excited than I should have been and definitely more excited than I should admit in a public forum when the new size was revealed. Alas, self serve means I can get however much or little that I want, I can pile on the strawberries until you can't see the crystalline white yogurt anymore and I get charged by the ounce. Wonderful!The shop offers a variety of about 8 types of frozen yogurt ranging from their original, mango, taro, lycee, banana, honeydew, raspberry, and passion fruit. Their original which is labeled as tart isn't what I expected, as it is actually sweet if you are used to European or Greek yogurt. Nonetheless, it is good. The toppings include different fruits, candies, bits of sweets, etc., at least a few dozen options in all. This place is popular with college students and keeps busy, but since it is self serve that usually won't cause much hold up, so you can get your fix and enjoy it before it melts. There are tables where you can sit around and enjoy your masterpiece-of-milky-mixology or--if it is nice outside--there are a few benches in front of the building.  Good to know: They accept credit and debit, but because transactions are typically small there, prefer if you can use cash.
5	I absolutely love Razzy Fresh. They have a great selection of yogurt flavors, some of which rotate regularly. There are the traditional flavors (vanilla, chocolate), but also fruity flavors and indulgent flavors (e.g. cake batter). There are also non-fat options, if you swing that way.The topping selection is also sure to please, with several different fruit options, as well as many sweet options. My personal favorite offering is the chocolate chip cookie dough (CCCD), which is the best CCCD I've had as an ice cream topping. Usually CCCD toppings suck because they are clearly made with crap to replace the eggs. Razzy Fresh's CCCD tastes just like it was sliced off of a cookie dough log. Mmmmmmm.
5	Yes. YES.I'm no dietician, but if Razzy Fresh had vegetable and meat toppings, I'm pretty sure all the food groups would be covered and I could eat here exclusively for the rest of my life. Sadly, I do not live anywhere near RF, and have to revert back to my normal diet of bourbon and bourbon.Every time I walk in I feel like I'm some celebrity chef on the Food Network. Stay with me. Lychee, taro, and chocolate yogurt? Fucking obviously. Mango juice balls, Captain Crunch, and 27 gummy worms? Top that ish off. This is some Bobby Flay ice cream-equivalent shit right here.
5	This is as good as frozen yogurt gets. I must admit, I first visited a frozen yogurt stand in NYC (Pinkberry) before the craze ever hit Pittsburgh and I was turned off. Granted, I had a bad experience with taste, but I credit Razzy Fresh for reigniting the love with FroYo. The flavors of yogurt are vast. The toppings are all great. The price isn't terrible either. Truth be told, there isn't much else to say because this place hits the mark in all spots.
5	can' really say anything else except that it's SO GOOD. I wish they started makingi the cantelope flavor but other than that, I'm so happy Razzy Fresh has made their business in Pittsburgh. I'm no longer a student in that area anymore so I don't get to go as much, but there are def times I crave it so badly.
4	Make sure the screen by the handle says "Ready to Serve" before pulling it down. Sometimes when the frozen yogurt is still in "Freezing mode" you'll get this liquidy goop.
4	I made my first plunge of eating fro-yo in Pittsburgh at this Razzy Fresh. If you've got mochi you already have my heart. I like how fro-yo places tend to be self-serve but they give you the only option of big bowls since price is by the weight you really do have to be cautious and have self restraint in how much you put in. So I simply got some berry fro-yo and mochi into my bowl. After paying, I took a bite and deliciousness. The berry fro-yo was light and flavorful and the mochi was soft and tasted on point.
3	I don't think this froyo place was that great. Most others have more flavors and more toppings. The topping bar was almost empty, and the fruit didn't look very fresh. Also, it wasn't very clean and the tables had not been wiped for quite some time. I will give you three stars simply because the yogurt was good. Nothing more, nothing less.
5	Yum! Always my favorite dessert place in Pittsburgh- just have to go there every time when I come back to visit. Really close to CMU's campus, and a great place to sit and hang out with friends. They always have a huge bunch of flavors and toppings to pick from...I personally love the peanut butter frozen yogurt with the peanut butter ice cream. Not very expensive.
1	This place is seriously disgusting.  Not the froyo but the mess.  The froyo machine is a mess.  It isn't cleaned and the froyo drippings is just left there.  The toppings is even worst.  It is all over the place.  The condensation turns it into a lovely puddle mess.  All the while, the worker dude with glasses sits and stares into his phone until you reach the register.I haven't been here in a while and sad to see how messy it still is and how this dude still works there.  If they're half assing on cleaning up who knows what else they half assing on.  I wouldn't risk it.  Avoid this place until they clean up.
3	I have two theories about Razzy Fresh.  My first theory is that Razzy Fresh puts highly addictive crack into their froyo.  My second theory is that the place uses some type of subliminal messaging or hypnosis to get people to keep coming back.  Either one of these theories would explain the mass appeal of this place.The irony of the situation is that I am aware that Razzy Fresh isn't that good, the machines are dirty, and it's expensive, yet somehow every time the Partner In Cuisine and I are walking by, he has to pull me away from the door as I blindly chant "Raaaaazyyyyyy Freshhhhhhh!"  I'm pretty sure he's planning an intervention soon.
4	I love me a tasty yogurt treat made just the way I like it. I was disappointed with the loitering college students outside of this location, however.
3	I like it.I mean, what's not to like about tasty frozen yogurt and a plethora of delicious toppings. I think that yogurt stores of this kind are a dime in a dozen but that doesn't stop me from enjoying my weekly fro-yo. I'm giving the place 3 stars, not because anything is wrong, but because there isn't a lot special about the location. At this point I have visited so many times that it feels very familiar... but that doesn't make it any more special than other frozen yogurt places.I recommend checking out Razzy Fresh next time you're wandering around Craig Street.
3	SUPER UNIQUE FLAVORS & SERVE YOURSELF BINGE EATERS FANTASY!I'm writing this after visiting the over sensationalized Pinkberry in DC area and so thankful to be returning home to Razzy Fresh!1) Great flavors: red bean, honeydew, passion fruit, regular tart- honeyew is the secret winner!2) Serve yourself array of toppings! I was turned off by Pinkberry's teaspoon serving of fresh fruits here you can loose your mind & money bulking up on crazy toppings at Razzy!3) Less pretentious not full of themselves workers and managers! It's Fro Yo not brain surgery people! Step off the high horse!
2	As much as I love Razzy Fresh, over time I've come to kind of accept this location but not go out of my way to get to it. While their froyo is definitely delicious, the shop itself has never really screamed "come back to me!"For starters, delicious froyo or not, the actual selection of flavors kind of pales in comparison to what I've found in other shops over the years; this place sticks to standard flavors only. Additionally, I always notice that toppings have fallen into other containers throughout the day. While this is usually not a big problem for flexible ol' me, I admittedly worry about anyone who may be coming in with allergies when I see this. I definitely recommend asking for fresh toppings if you have a severe allergy, just to be safe.Additionally, while in other shops the staff say hello and offer right away to give you samples of froyo or answer any questions you may have, I don't think I've ever exchanged a word with the staff here about anything other than how much my froyo costs. You just walk in, get your yogurt, and then just leave after paying, unless you want to sit at one of the tables scattered throughout the store. And many times when doing this my friends and I have had to throw away leftover napkins and clean the tables ourselves...Sorry, but delicious frozen yogurt or no this store's just not my favorite stop for froyo, although a few basic improvements would definitely elevate them in my book.
4	Went here the other night with Sarah S. You can put AMAZING things on yogurt and you can taste EVERYTHING! I really liked the pistachio with coconut on top. The pricing wasn't bad either less than $5 for both Sarah S's. and mine. BUT the decor of this place??? WTF? Ok, so I may be wrong, but we don't farm yogurt do we? ...There are pictures of farmers and some sort of corn or grain all over the walls. Now, not to say that this is unpleasant, but how does it relate? Just weird if you ask me. I would expect some cows or something but apparently they have the magic farmed type of yogurt (don't quote me on that).
4	They have great flavors, great buffet of toppings then just when you're ready to check out there are more toppings! The price is great and it's an awesome treat. I bring my friends from out of town often and they fell in love too. There's starting to be more competition in the area though.. I've ventured to those due having way more flavors to choose from. I still can't hate on Razzy Fresh though!
4	This has been my go to place for fro-yo ever since I moved to PIttsburgh! Unlike frozen yogurt places in other major northeastern cities, I love the fact that this place is a self-serve store with so many yogurt flavors and  topping options. Self serve yogurt parlors are unique to Pittsburgh. In most other cities(NYC, Boston, DC), your yogurt with toppings are piled together by a staff member who decides the amount of each ingredient to pile on to your cup and you get charged on the number of toppings rather than paying per weight. I love the pay per weight system where you have the option of trying small amounts of new yogurt flavors or loading on toppings you love while skimming of ones you just want to nibble. In PIttsburgh..by far Razzy fresh has the best yogurt flavors with several seasonal options such as pear, honeydew with all year round favorites such as original, vanilla, mango and chocolate. I do feel the topping options can be expanded and improved only because I have tried the yogurt place inside Ross Park Mall which has fantastic topping varieties. Make sure to get a loyalty card if you are a frozen yogurt junkie like me so that you can avail of a free yogurt once you hit the 10 yogurt mark. Overall: Razzy Fresh flames the fire of my Yogurt Craze by allowing me to have a truly a customizable experience!
5	Yummy...love their strawberry and banana non-fat yogurt.  Throw on some strawberries and sprinkles and voila - perfection!
5	Despite eating here multiple times this place continues to surprise me with its amazing variety of flavors each and every time. During my last visit I tried the new Watermelon and Almond flavor....OH MY GOD!!!....delicious doesn't even begin to describe how good it was! The watermelon sorbet was light and leaves you feeling fresh! Oh I could eat several bowls of just that!You still keep flaming the fire for my yogurt desire Razzy Fresh...you still do!!
5	Tart Lovers Paradise! They had original tart, mango tart, taro tart, lychee tart, raspberry tart! They also had non-tart flavors. I chose salted caramel (yum!) & Irish mint which tasted like mint chocolate chip. They have tons of real fruit - strawberries, mango, kiwi, etc. They also had candy & chocolate toppings. They have taster cups to try the flavors. Highly recommended!
4	So glad we popped into here while taking a walk. I have been on a quest for quite awhile to find a place with Green Tea frozen yogurt and this place had it! It was a bit more tangy than expected, but I did enjoy it. The flavors here were more on the unique side versus the standard boring ones every other yogurt place has...of course they change the flavors, but t I hope they keep green tea on their rotating list.It was definitely more of a college student hangout due to its location and time that we went (it was at night). It was clean, brightly light with nice energy.Look forward to returning when I am back there.
5	Razzy Fresh was my first legit frozen yogurt shop experience, and nothing can top it.I've been to 3 of the locations and none of them were ever less than fantastic. All of the locations have about 15-20 flavors to choose from, with a well stocked topping bar. Of course, some of the flavors are always available, while some of them rotate and you can go in and find a brand new flavor to try. My favorite combination which my friends and I stumbled upon was Triple Chocolate mixed with Salted Caramel Pretzel. It is as majestic as it sounds. Obviously the toppings are up to you, but do not sleep on this combo. The Triple or double chocolate is always available in my experience, but the salted caramel pretzel could be considered rarely available. If I was lucky enough to be there when it was, I immediately notified all friends within a 10 mile radius. If you live nearby and like some frozen yogurt, get a punch card. I believe if you get 9 punches you get your next 12oz. free or something like that. Plus all of the managers are nice and occasionally give you a double punch.
5	This is my favorite froyo spot by a landslide! The yogurts are the best and I love to mix the sweet and tart ones. The topping bar is always stocked and clean. Love the chocolate, original tart, coconut tart, and cake batter flavors. The little mochi, cheesecakes, and peanut butter sauce are my favorite toppings. Don't forget to start a punch card!
3	This is probably the first froyo place I've tried where the froyo tastes like yogurt, which is a good thing. However, some of the flavors were overpowered by the yogurt taste. Ended up just getting a mix of French vanilla and triple chocolate. Ehh.
4	I've been here several times--enough to fill up a punch card (if you come frequently, get one to earn your free froyo!).  Generally, I've enjoyed the flavors of froyo I've tried.  My taste generally runs more toward the tart flavors, my favorite being the taro.For toppings, I try to strike a balance between the healthy (fruit) and the less so (candy). In order to do this, I usually get the cheesecake bites and two fruit ones that look appealing (kiwi, blueberry, strawberry, etc.)  The fruit is fresh, so no problems there.  However, one time I decided to get Jelly Bellies around Easter, and I almost cracked a tooth on them (hint, hint: please replace them periodically!)  I recommend the cheesecake bites in particular, which are always soft, fresh, and delicious, with just a hint of crispness.They charge by the pound, so keep this in mind when creating your froyo concoction.  I believe you need to purchase at least $2 worth to get a stamp on the card, and once you fill it, you receive a credit of $5.  4.5 stars.
5	I love going to this Razzy for two reasons. First, it's really close to CMU campus and the CMU apartments so I never have to go out of my way to come here. Second, it has a HUGE variety of flavors. I've been to a few other frozen yogurt places around Pittsburgh - even another Razzy - and they just can't compete with the number of frozen yogurt and topping choices that this Razzy has! This place also has seasonal flavors and switches out their choices every so often which is great because then there's always new things to try!My favorite is definitely the Taro froyo topped with coconut shavings and little mochi bites. Not every place offers mochi as a topping so +1 to this place for having it! I also really like the pumpkin seasonal flavor with crumbled graham cracker topping. Mmm - I'm craving some just writing about it!There's also a nice seating area which is actually much larger than most frozen yogurt  places. Assuming it's not too crowded, you can go in with a group of 8 and actually all sit together. All in all one of the best frozen yogurt places I've been to!
1	The yogurt tastes horrible. The store is very unclean. Also you pay way too much for yogurt that tastes like medicine.To continue, they only had light whipped cream, and the cashier was sweaty and didn't smile or say anything. So yeah, all very gross. Sorry to be harsh but it's all true.
1	This has been my favorite frozen yogurt place in Pittsburgh for a long time, and I continue to support this chain's other locations. However, recently I have observed unhygienic employee behaviors at the Craig Street location that are extremely concerning. Most notably, on multiple occasions I have witnessed a particular employee handling food without gloves, or eating out of the toppings buffet with his bare hands. If you plan to visit this place, please consider one of Razzy Fresh's different locations or going to another frozen yogurt place.
5	Great variety of flavors as well as toppings. This is the only frozen yogurt place I've been to, and it's amazing. I would feel like i'm cheating on them if i went anywhere else.
2	Bring from NYC the worlds capital for Fro-Yo, I was disappointed by Razzy Fresh. The flavors change seasonally, at least thats how it appears to me, and toppings are limited, however they do have a good balance between healthy and candy. Also the fro- yo itself is nothing special, and over priced, even for being in a city. I do love Fro-Yo as do other college students so I feel as if they generate a following just because they are the only fro-yo place around, however, if someone else came into town they would struggle.
1	There are major food safety issues occurring at this shop that customers need to be aware of. Since my last review I decided to give Razzy Fresh on Craig Street another chance. Today I walked in as an employee was cutting fruit for the toppings bar with his bare hands (no gloves) and several open cuts on his hands (seemingly from cutting the strawberries). If this is was going on in front of the customers, I don't want to know what is going on behind the scenes. Customers wanting to visit this restaurant need to be extremely cautious due to these major food safety concerns.
