4	Lunch and sushi specials from 11am-3pm.  Can't say I've tried anything else other than the sushi.  3 rolls for $25 can't be beat.  Well, it can when it adds up to eating there 4x a week for two weeks straight.  You do the math, I really don't want to think about the cost too much.
4	Absolutely delicious sushi.  Just thinking about their yellowtail roll makes my mouth water because the fish was so delicious.  Spicy tuna and Boston rolls are also pretty good.
3	2 1/2 starsI'll start with the positives.  1. Muramoto has large cuts of decent quality fish.  2. They have a large saki list3.  The space itself is trendy.  Now the negatives. 1. The service is terrible.  I've been there numerous times and I always leave vowing to never return because the service is so bad.  I won't get into specific examples so you'll just have to trust me.  When you're spending a fairly sizable amount of money on sushi and saki you should get good service.  Some servers are better than others but overall there is a feeling of ineptitude.   2.  They're always out of the more interesting cuts of fish. 3.  Its in a mall. 4.  No saki flights like the one downtown.  Why?5.  A bit pricey.  $16 for a roll?  Ok in some places but Muramoto's are not big enough to be $16.  6.  Tables are a bit crowded but this is more of a minor concern compared to the rest of the shortcomings.  Overall the lack of an alternative 'fancy' sushi place in Madison keeps me going to Sushi Muramoto.  Unfortunately I feel like the negatives are beginning to outweigh the positives as the restaurant matures (it should be the opposite).  If Takara was not in a strip mall next to a dollar-store it'd be my go-to.  But for now Muramoto is - somewhat disappointingly - 'it'.PS I agree with the other reviewer's take on the edamame - mushy and not edible.
4	I came here for after-dinner drink. Hey, if you're city girl (or guy) like me, you'll like the chic decor. it totally reminded me of the city life I used to have, and something I can't get on State Street. The bartender is really cool, too. My asian saketini was strong (and this is pseudo-alcoholic speaking). Extensive sake list, and Choya- plum wine ...  gets me so nostalgic about my mom's home made plum wine.
4	Come here for the sushi, not the rolls. Probably the best cuts of fish I've seen anywhere in the U.S. -- certainly better than anything in Chicago or on the east coast. The rolls are very good but not worth $16. I thought the service was fine. The positives far outweigh the negatives. And while it's in a "mall" it's a super-yuppie mall. I definitely plan to go back on my next trip to Madison. Like I said, I haven't found sushi this good in Chicago.
5	Shinji has no equal in Madison when it comes to sushi.  His choices are way, way deeper then other places and everything is great - the rolls, the nigiri, the cooked dishes.  Try the sweet and sour soup also. It is also the only place in town, to my knowledge, that offers "real" or fresh wasabi (made on the spot by grinding an actual wasabi root with a shark skin grater, not the instant play dough stuff). The decor is also great and the sake list is good. I will agree with one of the other reviewers that the service can be spotty. Most are very good, some are quite bad.
4	This is excellent sushi. The fish is fresh and the selection superb. I usually order the small chef's choice sushi plate. I always enjoy the array of sushi and rolls I'm given, and it is a bargain at $15. Be sure to try the bonito... Wow. For sushi lovers and haters alike, the miso black cod is a star. Nice sake variety too.
4	Best sushi I've had in Madison, but it's pricey and tricky to schedule since they tend to be busy but don't take reservations, at least not for small amounts of people. The food however is absolutely great. If you want the best sushi Madison has to offer and don't mind paying for it then by all means this is the place to go. I do like some of their rolls a lot despite what others have said on here.  One (the name of which escapes me right now) has srirachi hot sauce and is dang tasty to my srirachi-addicted palate. That said, for more low-key sushi cravings I hit the half-price sushi happy hour at Ginza. Their sushi isn't as transcendently delicious as Muramoto but still pretty decent and the happy hour prices are uber cheap.
4	Fresh, tasty and all in all a great experience. Although it is pricey it's worth it. I wish it were less pricey, with the same quality, as I would dine there at least once a week... if not more. The seaweed salad is to die for! The steak is also so tender and delicious. I want some right now!
4	Excellent, excellent sushi. And really, I did not find the prices to be that outrageous. I had dinner for two, with alcohol and an appetizer and the whole thing was under $50. Everything was superb, from my extra strong and yummy Saketini, to the exquisite lobster rolls in a hollandaise sauce we had preceeding our meal and my crispy duck was quite tasty and well done.  Most definitely will be returning.
4	I am a fan... but I cannot afford to go back there unless it is for a very special occasion. I will say this the service was good. It was my first time eating at a Japanese restaurant and I loved it I will try others though to see if they are just as good but for less money. But on a nice date with my husband... and if we have enough saved... yes I would go back :)
4	Went there with my boyfriend and his parents a few months ago--I definitely wouldn't want to go too often on my own dime.  The food is good, but I have to say that I found some of the specialty rolls a little overly busy--I know that's sort of standard for special rolls, but sometimes I just want something that does a simpler flavor very well.The plum wine we had was excellent, though, and it's a nice atmosphere for a special occasion.  We also all shared a dessert, I forget exactly what, but it had fresh berries in it and was a very nice end to the meal.
5	Inventive, delicious & gorgeous...Sushi Muramoto is our favorite sushi place in Madison. You get what you pay for, and since cost is a concern for us, we hit them at lunch for the specials!!!  Same great food, but at a lower price, and I've gotten out of there for $6 at lunch!
4	This is my favorite sushi place in Madison. Their tempura shrimp appetizer with asparagus and wasabi sauce is amazing!!!! Their plum wine also goes very well with their sushi, and the edamame tastes excellent too. A bit crowded inside, but otherwise awesome food.
4	Best Sushi in Madison.  Costs a pretty penny.  Some waiters were really weak over the 15-20 times I have been there.  Including an instance where we had a party of 16 and asked in advance to have each order billed separately.  The waiter insisted that it would be much easier to break up at the end.  When we finished he presented us with one bill, undivided and we ended up spending the next hour (not an exaggeration) break up the bill properly.But it's so good, especially like the high quality Miso soup, the Shrimp tempura appetizer (when it includes enough hot sauce, sometimes it has none and is a lot weaker) and generally high quality fish.
4	Best sushi in town. I loooooove the nigri here (more hamachi por favor!). This used to be my ex's and my go-to restaurant for... really anything and everything. He's left Madison now but I still stop in regularly. Their lunch special is pretty freaking awesome too =)Avoid the hot and sour soup but everything else I've had here is great.
3	Compared to all the other sushi places in Madison, Muramoto is hands down the best out of everything here. The selection of sashimi is surprisingly massive and fresh. The rolls are tasty, especially the spicy ones (Volcano is my favorite), but my gripe is that I have consistently had sushi rolls that have fallen apart at a poke of a chopstick. Tastes the same but it's annoying to be getting lopsided, lumpy rolls when I'm paying top money for it. There are some asian fusion entrees and appetizers available too. I'd say skip those at Sushi Muramoto and take a trip to Restaurant Muramoto for those offerings.
5	Visited on a recent Monday and the place was still fairly busy which is a good sign. Had the hot/sour soup which was excellent and a tuna sampler.  Unliike some here the service was fine and the overall experience very good.  I'll be back anytime I'm in Madison. Some of the hot items looked very good and I want to try them.
2	The food is okay, but the service is terrible! I've been there twice, and both times we've had strange interactions with our waitress (different people each time).  The most recent time our waitress was bending over my husband and I to get plates off the table - except she was leaning on us too heavily.  I'm 9 months pregnant and got up because she was pushing my belly into the table - and my husband got a smudge of her deoderant on his cheek!!!!!!  Unbelievable!
4	I live for Muramoto Roll. Shiso + squid, wrapped in a thin egg sheet. . It's is awesom!
4	I would have to agree with the last reviewer, this is the best sushi in town.  This is one of a few sushi places my ex and I would frequent.  We came when we wanted to treat ourselves a bit.  Everything here is just better.  Better selection, better quality, better atmosphere, and better service, and all at a reasonable price.  If you've ever wanted to try Toro in the Madison area, this is the place to do it.  I would also recommend going with the fresh wasabi.  It will cost extra but is well worth it.   I can't say enough about the atmosphere.  Hip, trendy, and yet very intimate.  A great place to take a date, especially with David Bacco's next door.  Just call me Hitch.In response to one of the other reviews, I've always found the service here to be top notch.  In fact that was one of the things I remember most about first experience here.
4	We went at night. It's a little difficult to find if you don't know the area because they don't have neon signs of the restaurant's name.Ambiance is excellent. The chicken wrap is awesome! I had to split it with my sister because it was massive. Food presentation is spot on. The green tea was hot and bitter; just the way I like it. I had the catepillar roll. It tasted fresh and cool.  Service was excellent. I shall return.
4	If one must have one item from this place, it is the kobe tartar. The dish has the right flavor and the beef is so tender. Simply amazing. All the dishes, both the tapas and the sushi rolls are good. If only the place is easy to find and the waiters are friendlier I would have given this place a 5 stars instead of 4.
2	I am surprised at how many positive reviews this place has received.  I was so excited to try this place because others had talked up how good it was. I live in Phoenix and the selection of sushi restaurants there is phenomenal!  I went here for lunch with my sister and ordered a lunch special.  I tried to force it down, but was unable to.  Maybe they were having an off day or the sushi was old...either way I will not be back to find out.
3	Not bad.  The dining room was cozy but not too crowed or noisy. The vibe here is more of a modern/fusion japanese restaurant  rather than a traditional sushi bar.I ordered mainly nigiri (Toro, Hamachi, Sake, Ikura, and a spicy tuna roll to wash it all down)Overall, the sushi was average in terms of freshness, flavor, cuts, and taste.  appetizers are around 10-18sushi runs around 5 - 18 for 2 piecesrolls are all around 8-10 for starts.Not sure if I would make a huge effort to return but if you're in the area and craving sushi this might hit the spot.  I don't get the 4-5 star ratings.  Perhaps this is as good as it gets for sushi in the Madison area.
4	This place is a very solid choice. We came here on a weeknight on a trip, and the location here was appealing because we could walk around after dinner.The decor inside is very sharp and clean. They have a full bar, and a good-sized menu. Our crab cakes were delicious. I was pleased with my "Tarantula" and "Godzilla" rolls; pretty comparable to what I've had at other places. We all shared a plum wine. Unfortunately, I do not remember the exact name, but it was tasty!
4	Best sushi we have had in a long time.  A little more expensive than other places, but worth it.
5	This is, hands down, the best sushi restaurant in Madison. I mostly order sushi, but I've tried some of their other dishes and those are delicious as well.Their fish is flown in every day, which is a great rarity in the Midwest.If I want sushi, Muramoto it is. There is not one sushi restaurant in Madison that even comes close the the freshness and quality that they offer.
1	Singularly the worst sushi I have eaten....I ordered bluefin, yellowfin and salmon sashimi. Besides the bluefin, the fish didn't look fresh , the texture wasn't good either. Someone made a comment that their rice is like Uncle Ben's - I couldn't have said it better myself. So bland and so not sticky. The miso soup wasn't bad but it is impossible to screw that up....well, almost! I've had good sushi in the Midwest notably Cleveland but this is definitely not the place to go...order pizza instead.Madison, you deserve better!
2	I love the Muramoto downtown, but I live by Hilldale, so my friend and I tried it out last night.We were seated quickly, and brought our edamame and wine within minutes. The waitress was efficient, but didn't smile once. Then, we waited over 45 minutes for our soup. My friend asked the waitress when it would be out, and she answered without looking at us: "Should be right up." 10 minutes later, she wandered over and said "Oh, you haven't even gotten your soup yet!"No, we haven't, and you obviously weren't listening earlier. How long does it take to ladle out two bowls of soup? We watched her ask the kitchen staff for the soup, and she was back with it  a minute later. Easy fix. She brought out our rolls before we were finished with the soup, then brought us the check before we were finished with the rolls. Her timing was way off.The food was good, and about average price for sushi in Madison, but the service was really disappointing.
5	Best sushi in town.  Favorite dishes: spicy shrimp roll & shrimp tempura appitizer.  Food is always fresh and yummy!
2	Sorry, but this restaurant's sushi is not worth the price.  You are better off spending your money at Ginza.  It was maybe a step above grocery store sushi.
3	Had high expectations and really can only give a average review. Atmosphere was loud and you are close to each other. Sushi was ok! That's the best I can say I had better and worse.
4	Seafood + Madison = bad callSushi + Madison = Sushi MuramotoOnly sushi place in town that gives you a true sushi experience in Madison.  Their Tuna plate guarantees you can always have fatty tuna a rarity in sushi places.Great atmosphere and fresh fish are the only reason i venture to Hilldale
3	Bad service and mediocre sushi. Stick to sushi when you are on the ocean --- the midwest and sushi don't mix. Sashimi was OK, Godzilla roll was good and Rainbow roll was bad.
2	Service was good.  Food I ordered was below average.  Reading people's comments about the rice made me pay special attention - I agree with those who think the rice they use for their rolls is like Uncle Ben's, kinda bland plus it's VERY sticky.  I had the California roll which was really bland and flavorless, usually it's one of my favorites.  I actually thought maybe the rice was contributing to its blandness and tried scooping out and just eating the insides without the rice (the crab, avocado and cucumber) to see if that helped, and that was very bland too.  I also tried the soft shell crab roll, that was just okay, I think the fried tempura stuff made it more flavorful. My favorite was the tuna avocado roll, that one was pretty good if you could try not to pay attention to the rice.   Incidentally, and nothing to do with the food, but if you turn the faucet on too quickly in the sink in the women's restroom a large gush of water comes out and splashes up the sink all over your shirt. Not that it happened to me.
5	i'd give it 5 stars and say best in madison if i had tried all other spots, which i haven't yet. Place is good and believe it or not my favorite thing here isn't even sushi now that i've been there. Love the pork belly, but, I REALLY have to recommend the hangar steak plate for lunch or the appetizer at dinner. the potato salad garnished with salmon roe is to die for and goes perfect with the medium-rare cooked cut of steak.  we sat at the sushi bar and kept our backs turned on the comings and goings at the front of the house. Its also more intimate and allows you to see the attention to detail that goes into the making of your food while holding a private, uninterrupted conversation.  (i'm originally from W coast, lived in Asia, and don't feel the food is intolerable in the least bit).___ update: its the bomb! hands down best in Madtown!
5	By far the best sushi in Madison. For a Midwest place, this place has it all.In the 1+year I lived in Madtown, I was at this sushi joint more than any other restaurant.I always asked my server what was fresh that day, and it never disappointed my appetite for delicious raw fishies.I love this place and miss it terribly.
5	Went here on a lunch date.  The sushi was delicious!  The server was attentive but not clingy and the restaurant has a nice feel to it!  Just a great place to go for some good sushi.
5	Sea bass lunch special is the best deal in town.  I have never had anything there under perfection.
4	The tarantula roll is a must-try if you like soft-shell crab and the anago offers a nice twist to the ubiquitous unagi,  The rolls themselves are a bit lackuing in creativity but the quality of the fish is excellent and the presentation great.  Plus the braused pork belly app is one of the best sushi starters I have had in Madison.  This is the best sushi restaurant in town, I would dare venture.
4	Best sushi in Madison. Not the best ever, but considering Wisconsin is not exactly ocean-adjacent, it is really impressive.The Muramoto Martini is one of my all time favorite cocktails:"death's door vodka or gin, wasabi infused shochu, served with wasabi and ginger stuffed olives"Its just plain awesome.
4	My wife and I have been regular patrons of Sushi Muramoto since they opened.   We think Muramoto is hands down the best in Madison and holds up well against other sushi restaurants we've been to across the country including those in San Francisco, LA and New York.  We really like the sushi there.The last three times we've been in, however, several members of the wait staff have been wearing almost overwhelming amounts of personal fragrances.  This would be bad in any restaurant, but in a sushi restaurant with food having such delicate flavors it is unforgivable and has a very negative impact on my dining experience.  It may not bother you, but I think I'll be getting take out from now on.  Sorry, Muramoto.
4	We joke that the best food in Madison is Japanese, and Muramoto is consistently our favorite go-to restaurant in Madison, especially for the lunch specials. We tend to stick to the special rolls, so can't comment on entrees. Ambiance is nice but not stuffy, and service has been consistently good. Waitstaff have always been friendly and accommodating, though we tend to go at non-peak times. A note to first-timers who rarely frequent Hilldale -- trust your GPS, the place is actually there! It's just that the exterior is so minimalistic that you will probably miss it unless you walk past it at least once.
4	We tried eating in the restaurant again and not one of the staff were wearing a fragrance.  I don't know if they made a change or it was luck, but it was a very pleasant meal.
4	Good service, nice "sushi" atmosphere.  Compares favorably to some of the sushi places we've been to in San Francisco, which is good considering we are a bit far from  the ocean.  My only negative was that the wine list was a bit short on options.
5	Awesome sushi. Super fresh fish and some of the best I have ever had. Consider myself a sushi snob and have had sushi all over the US, from New York to San Francisco and everywhere in between. I hear Sushi Muramoto flies in fresh fish everyday and I believe it. Ate there twice last month and both times it was OUTSTANDING! On a down note they are always packed. I refuse to penalize their rating for this because they can't control the fact that everyone wants to eat there. They offer a call back service where you give them your cell phone number and they will call you when your table is ready. Plenty of places to window shop or cruise while you wait for your table.
5	Considering Wisconsin is not next to an ocean, still love this place. It's in my favorite shopping area in Madison {Hilldale Mall} & conveniently right across from Sundance Cinema.  The sushi rolls were so good. I think the only thing I would have changed is for them to warm the edamame & add more salt to it.  mmmmm can't wait to go again :)
4	We ordered take out for lunch yesterday, and it was pretty good.  A lot of the menu items seemed a bit steep, but my 3 roll chef's choice lunch was only $10.55?!  I thought that was a decent deal.  It came with an oshinko roll, a whitefish roll of some sort, and a spicy tuna.  The spicy tuna was spicier than most, which I appreciate.  The wasabi also seemed very good, and I am intrigues to go back and try the grated wasabi for an extra $5.  All in all, it was a decent meal for the price.  One thing I did not like was the packets of soy sauce.  For take out especially, I think it is much better to have a small container so that you can have something to dip into.  Aside from that, i was very happy with our meal.  I want to go back and dine in, because I hear that it is realyl nice inside.
5	I'm not a sushi expert, but everything about this place is great.  The setting, design, service, food.  Everything is as it should be.  Priced fair in my opinion.  My favorite place in town.
5	Seriously, no toro?  Home for ten days on leave and there's no fatty tuna, here or anywhere else I visited?  Someone hates me...Over my leave, I ate sushi twice, first weekend in NYC, and then again for my last weekend here in Wisconsin.  Checking through the yelp, this was to be my last taste of sushi until I come home in the fall.We drank.  And ate.  A lot.  At one point, our server laughed at all the clear liquid filled glasses on our table.  Between the shochu, namazake and water (had to clear our palettes with something), it was a pretty full table.We started with the steamed mussels, which were awesome.  Not a single bad one in the bowl, and our server brought spoons for the broth (coconut and lemongrass with sausage and thai basil).  The only way it could've improved would have been bread to soak it all up with, but, alas, sushi places don't keep baguettes.That was followed by our giant platter.  We had six pair of different nigiri favorites, except for toro and yellowtail (both out), including the uni (very fresh) and the wasabi tobikko.  The tobikko was insanely hot.  Watching my girl alternate between pain and relief with every chew was hilarious...until I ate mine.  When you bite down, the wasabi pounds through your sinuses, and then breathing and opening your jaw clears it.  Repeat a couple times and you'll see.  Still worth the taste.With that, we also had three rolls.  I know, I know, I'm the only one who can get fat on sushi.  We had the Rainbow, Godzilla and Tarantula.  All three were pretty huge, had their own distinguishable flavors and sauces, and tasted amazing.  Of note, despite containing cream cheese, the Godzilla wasn't packed with it.  I highly appreciate that.I loved coming here, toro aside.  I've not been to the two sister restaurants, but, by the service and quality I experienced here, I've got a solid expectation of what I'll find there.  I was tempted to go four stars for depriving me of my seven month (now one year) dreams of toro, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on my return to the states.
2	I can't believe all the five star reviews. I went here last night and experienced both below average sushi and service. I think this place was better a few years ago and has since fallen apart. Nothing tasted fresh, which is obviously one of the things I look for with sushi. Even the ginger was turning brownish and lacked a nice crisp. I had the veggie tempura and spicy tuna - not impressed by either, everything was very bland. Those I dined with had similar feelings about their meals/sushi, too. Our server was not friendly at all and brought one person's entree 15 minutes before the rest, which is awkward. Anyhow, I will not be back to Sushi Muramoto.
1	I can't agree more with Shea F., I don't get all of the five star reviews.  The sushi selection is...eh.  The service is incredibly pretentious.  Two check-ins and the first one was alright, but the second pretty much destroyed any positives from the first visit.  The first Friday we went (and we figured Fridays were safe for deliveries, maybe we were incorrect on this assumption?), the service was decent, we waited patiently for the bar for 30 minutes.My husband and I have been used to ordering omakase for years now, mostly in LA.  Yes, Sushi Muramoto will give you a big platter of omakase nigiri.  However, it will be drowned in all sorts of sauces.  The actual fish selection wasn't very fresh, and probably reflects the heavy use of sauce.  I realize that the quality of the fish here will just flat out never match the west coast, but what's surprised me the most has been the lack of imagination of the chefs here.  Both times Bee served us almost identical plates of sushi.But the weirdest thing that we had was sitting down the second time at about 8pm on a Friday night.  Again we waited for the sushi bar (we don't look at that as a negative, just part of going to a sushi place that doesn't take reservations).  We ordered a couple of appetizers, and the waitress served the mussel soup without spoons and promptly disappeared into the kitchen for a good 5 minutes.When seated, Bee proceeded to avoid all eye contact, and took 20 minutes packing up his station and moving all of his fish to the middle station, cleaned all of the cutting boards and knives, and not a word the entire time.  When I finally caught the tiniest glance (I'm not shy on conversation), I asked him if he was done serving for the evening, and he responded that no, he was just consolidating the particular station.  Last I checked, sushi bars have refrigerated stations precisely so that you do not have to transfer fish around. He then proceeded to make us two plates of omakase nigiri that were pretty much identical to what he'd served us the previous week.  Any regular sushi place in LA would dance circles around this, sorry.
5	Excellent sushi!
2	Seems more like "the place to be seen" than a place that's known for quality sushi, but I guess that's par for the course for any business in the Hilldale area.  I've dined here more than a dozen times, and the experience seems to border between 2 and 3 stars; more often two than three.I'm unlikely to add any new info or insight - with 60+ reviews at this point, folks have covered the ins-and-outs of this place.  Drinks take forever to arrive - whether it's an iced tea, a beer, or a cocktail - expect to wait around 10-minutes for your beverage.Servers are hit-or-miss, with most leaning toward the entitled side.  They're largely absent; they'll take your drink order, then disappear for 10+ minutes.  Your drink will arrive and they'll take your sushi order, then disappear until the food is ready.  The next time you'll see them is when your plate is clean and they ask if you'd like the check or dessert.  I've honestly never had a follow-up or a "check-in" from a server during any of my meals here.The sushi itself is conservative and safe.  It's not exciting, and it's not "knock your socks off amazing."  It's about what you'd expect from an upper midwest sushi spot.  Having enjoyed sushi from both coasts, I guess I'm a little spoiled (and jaded).  Prices are a touch on the high side, but it's not unreasonable.  You can do worse than Muramoto.
3	Located in Hilldale, this restaurant serves great sushi, slow service, and swanky but not-so-private seating.  We went to Muramoto because of the great ratings.  From our experience, if you can tolerate a slow wait staff, and cozy up with your fellow diners, you'll have a good time.  We were seated to a table in the middle of the room.  A couple minutes later another group joined the table next to us.  With only a couple inches separating our tables, we felt like we were dining with our neighbors; so much so, that it was almost impossible to zone out their personal conversations.  Our waitress took our order, but was nowhere to be seen after our entrees were served.  Good thing the sushi was great.  Oddly enough though, we ordered "the special" sushi dinner, and didn't get to choose our rolls.  "They (the chefs) will make you what they feel like making."  We ended up getting great tasting rolls, but it could have been hit or miss if they "felt like" making different rolls.  The ambiance is beautiful however, and worth the money if you can sacrifice privacy and speed.
5	Absolutely amazing.My wife and I regularly visit Sushi Muramoto, and there is a reason we keep returning: the food, and service, is outstanding. The Kobe beef sashimi is incredible! The lettuce wrap chicken appetizer is ridiculously delicious. The food is authentic Japanese. What more could you ask for? Thank the gods for Sushi Muramoto...!
1	Horrible excuse for authentic cuisine. I have eaten at many sushi places and this has to be the worst experience I've ever had! I'd compare the sushi at Muramoto to grocery store (think Woodmans) 'trays.' Bottom line: learn how to cook your rice, Muramoto. Way waaay too overcooked leaving all rolls etc. mushy and a mouthful of goo. Second: don't put overripe avocados in your rolls. Just don't do it. We spent over fifty bucks at this place and it was just ridiculously bad. I'd give Muramoto zero stars if I could.
2	Cute, chic little place with a front door that makes it look like a speakeasy, but disappointing sushi. The most important thing in sushi is freshness: if it's fresh, nothing else matters, if it's not fresh, nothing else matters. The seafood at Sushi Muramoto is not that fresh and you can tell just by looking at it. You're better off with the fusion cuisine dishes, but skip the curry bouillabaisse- nice try with daring spices, but not that flavorful. If you want a good bouillabaisse/cioppino in Madison, go to Bonfyre instead. Kobe beef and foie gras "sashimi" are great.
3	I'm sorry to say that Sushi Muramoto is overrated and overhyped. I'd much prefer the other sushi places around Madison. I'd also much prefer Restaurant Muramoto over its sister restaurant for its location (downtown!!) and all-you-can-eat option. If I can get the same grade sushi for a cheaper price, why not?I have to say though, the tuna poke is superb. Definitely a must-have if you are there!
5	Sushi Muramoto is the place to go for Sushi In Madison.  The quality of the food is outstanding.  If you like Tuna they offer a Huge Variety of different types of Tuna that you can buy as nigiri or sashimi.  My Favorite by far is the Fatty Tuna.  The Fire Roll is my absolute favorite roll.  Try the shrimp Tempura as an appetizer its absolutely fantastic.  I have never had a bad meal here.  Check it out!
3	I love sushi although I wouldn't say I know all that much about the technique, etc... just that I like when it tastes good! silly, I know. I have always had delicious food (sushi and otherwise) at this location.  The service I think is pretty uppity.. and I'm from Madison and work at Hilldale so that's saying something ;) I also think that it's incredibly expensive. I understand that sushi requires skill and high quality ingredients so the price will always be partly reflected there.. however I prefer Red anyway.
2	come on man, even it opened by Japanese, but the food is sooooo weak. how can they charge this price for their weak service and food, all my friends are still hungry after we paid hundred dollars there. our three go to M to get burgers lololol
4	I went to Muramoto for lunch last Saturday. The atmosphere was quiet, calm and clean. The taste of sushi and rolls (especially Godzilla rolls) was much better than what I had expected before even though they needed more freshness. I loved the variation of sushi and rolls, but the price was too high. Spending over $50 for two people for lunch was just ridiculous. If you do not care about the price, Muramoto is a really good place to taste Japanese fusion foods.
5	Easily the best sushi in town. Great attention to detail and excellent service. Fatty tuna was amazing.
2	Just not good.  The first lesson in Sushi is how to make rice.... fail.  The rice was completely overdone to the point that it would not take a connoisseur to realize it.  The avocado was BROWN... no excuse for that when you have a few grocery stores within walking distance.  Way overpriced.  I have eaten in sushi restaurants 100x as good for half the price.  When we brought up our complaints with the server, in a respectful manner of course, she just looked at us blankly and nodded.  To be honest, they kind of have a good thing going... Big money in the area and apparently lots of people who don't know any better.  I will save my sushi nights for trips to Chicago.
4	Super duper delicious miso black cod! Awesome house salad
3	Sushi Muramoto is a popular place and the food is good, but I really hate how there are at least 6 tables that have one or more seats facing the pickup window to the kitchen. The business side of the restaurant needs to be addressed, I can think of much more attractive scenery than the reminder notes to staff and the credit card terminal. It's a small place and I'm not sure where they go, but our server was MIA during the most critical period- I hate waiting for the check. Makes me feel like a hostage.
3	I agree with those who say this place is overrated and overhyped.  Good, not great, sushi and the prices are high.  The upside is the selection of high end tuna, the downside is they are often out of one or more types.  A good place to be seen around Madison.
2	This restaurant has poor service for the most part.  The food is very inconsistent.  I have tried this restaurant too many times.  The last visit was the worst, with a big gross  black hair in the shrimp tempura.  Alas, another spot in Madison that is crossed off the list.
5	Been coming hear for years and I can honestly say this offers the BEST lunch deal in Madison. The Sake Cod is so affordable for what they give you, I am amazed they offer this perfect piece of fish for $10. However, it's hard to pass on their awesome sushi. They do it all very well.
5	Sushi Muramoto gets our vote for the best restaurant in Madison. Consitantly deliver excellent quality, service, and flavor. Thank you!!!
2	I'm a long time customer of Shinji Muramoto's restaurants and have always had a good to great experience.However, my meal at Sushi Muramoto this last weekend was not up to par.  I've eaten the miso marinated black cod more times than I can count, and this time, the flavor was plain off. The dish also suffered from poorly washed bok choy.  I had a small amount of sand in my food early in, but pushed through.  I was with several ladies, celebrating, and did not want to send my food back since I was already behind them (they had sushi, which was served first).  I kept going (big mistake) and near the end, chomped down on a small rock - just large enough to do some serious tooth damage. I, who in my 30 years have never had a cavity, am now experiencing my first dental pain.  I think I'm going to have to get a filling as a result, since I can't eat or brush without sharp pain from the top of my tooth, thanks to some poorly trained kitchen help who failed to thoroughly wash their produce. I realize it's hard to get dirt and sand out of bunched greens, but if I can do it in my home kitchen, I expect the pros to be able to do it, too.
3	There is a place in Madison that is a bit better....
5	Not sure why this place doesn't have a higher rating.  Was here a few months ago for dinner on a Saturday night.  Had one of the best sushi meals of my life.I went with the chef's choice special.  I was concerned about letting the chef choose, but I put fate in someone else's hands.Luckily I was nothing but happy with what the chef decided.  I ended up getting a Godzilla roll, a spicy tuna, and a salmon roll.  The quality tasted good, and everything came at a nice pace.Our service was top notch.  Noticing there were 3 couples, our waitress immediately asked us if we wanted separate checks.  The restaurant had a nice interior and ambiance.  I would definitely go back again.
5	This is without a doubt the best sushi spot in the Madison area. There may be a couple of other places that come close or equal, but not better.  They serve a great product and have a nice selection on the menu. Service is generally very good.  If you have someone in your party that isn't into seafood, their steak dish is very good.
5	I moved to the US from Japan when I was 18 and have experience working at a Sushi restaurant in Hawaii. When I moved to Madison, I had given up on finding good Japanese food. I couldn't have been more surprised when I discovered this place. There are only two sushi restaurants in Madison I would recommend, and this is the first. The sushi and sashimi are 9 out of 10 times "Tsukiji-quality" and the sake/shochu list is phenomenal. Whenever a friend comes to visit, this is the second place we go (beer and cheese curds take priority when in Madison, right?). The staff are friendly and always greet me with a smile. They really help me feel at home.Recently, Sushi Muramoto opened a bar on the other side of the restaurant, and started serving real Japanese "Izakaya-style" foods, like Tako-Wasabi, Shio-Kara, and Moro-Q. Some of these items I cannot find anywhere else in Wisconsin. There's usually a 20 min wait for a table, so having these rare delicacies during the wait time is a treat. They make excellent side dishes for that first beer of the night ;)The price is more than reasonable for the quality of seafood you get. The sea urchin, ama-ebi, scallop, and salmon roe are always top notch. It's not cheap, but comapred to a similar-tier restaurant in Honolulu, NYC, or SF, Sushi Muramoto is a bargain.The only complaint I have (and they know) is the lack of Tamago on their sushi menu. One time they did take off my favorite shochu off the list, but it's back! Otherwise, fish is great, beverage menu is great, and the service is awesome!
4	I am reviewing about the lunch: it was really good! and its also 9 dollars, which makes it really affordable! each entree comes with a salad and rice. the salad was very good, with cornflakes instead of croutons. I had the crab cakes, which did not compare to maryland crab cakes but it was still pretty good.but it was still pretty nice. The fish lunch special was not too great however.
4	Best sushi in Madison, but we're in the Midwest, not the coasts. It's a bit pricey, but it's worth it if you love sushi. I go nowhere else for sushi in this town.
3	Great sushi, great wait staff, but the way they take/don't take reservation is a big issue. 45 minutes wait on busy nights so the need is there but they don't call back, or accept reservations for less than 6 people.  And then they only take 2 reservations per night for the entire restaurant. Curious to say the least.
5	Hands down the best sushi in Madison! Always fresh and delicious! I what's test my luck and go with the Maki combo. I have yet to be disappointed. I also really enjoy the seaweed salad. Very filling and satisfying. I always want to order an entree, but have yet to do so. The sushi is just so good and so filling! One of these times I will.... I also love the location in Hilldale-- I usually do some shopping beforehand, then end our date night win a movie at Sundance. It's perfect! If you have a craving for sushi, make it Muramoto!!!
4	I have yet to have a dish I don't like at this place.  The staff is friendly and the few times we've had to wait for a table, it's been well worth it.  This has become our go-to place. Definitely call ahead for a table. Ordering take out is awesome.  They told me 60 min and called sooner to advise my sushi was ready. Friendly and well worth waiting for!
4	3rd Sushi is a charm? I've eaten lunch here three times, each has been the same experience.Polite and attentive staff. Clean and pleasant atmosphere.  Lunch special has been perfect, with Chef's choice on rolls.Hot tea and water glasses refilled, it all worked smoothly.Maybe smooth is what I can say as a takeaway.The food was beautifully presented and tasted fresh.It's not the best sushi I have ever eaten, but I would give it 4 stars.
4	I came here last night for the first time and split the Small Plate and Maki Combo with my roommate. They gave us a spicy tuna roll, 2 rolls that were tuna and wasabi I think, an Ecuador roll, and assorted nigiri. I really like specialty rolls, and was impressed by the Ecuador roll, although my roommate didn't care for it too much. All of the rolls were very good, and the fish was flavorful and fresh. The restaurant was very classy and simple, and didn't seem like it should be in a mall! I was skeptical about a sushi restaurant in a mall, but Sushi Muramoto far exceeded my expectations. I will definitely come back (or go to the location near the Capitol, since that's closer to where I live).
1	They should focus less on being trendy and hard to find and more on making amazing sushi. The place was cold and dark and hip. I got lost coming back from the bathroom.The sushi rice was loose and falling apart and the fish was tasteless.My avocado roll was okay.The hot and sour soup rocked!The veggie tempura only contained two types of veggie. One of those veggies was a thick raw carrot. Lame. My boyfriend and I were super dissatisfied and peaced out as soon as we got the bill.Don't go here. Unless of course you dig being served terrible sushi.
1	Not good.  Chefs not wearing hairnets nor gloves.  Rice overdone, ginger in sushi rolls?   Wtf?  Would not go back again!
3	I had the vegetable tempura and sashimi plate, both pretty good. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount and quality of the sashimi. For 18 dollars, that's pretty decent. I was surprised they didnt have a chirashi bowl on the menu and that it was really heavy on the sushi rolls, but I guess that's where more of the demand is. I sat at the bar and enjoyed watching all the rolls come out and nigiri prepared. I wouldn't say their rolls/nigiri is the highest quality in terms of preparation... but it's fine. I wouldnt pay more than 10 dollars for most of those rolls. I am really debating whether to give this place 4 stars or 3, but considering how much I like the other places I gave 4 stars to, it's only just to say it's OK. I would like to point out that I'm really picky about sashimi/sushi being from the west coast and being asian... sooo i would take that into consideration. :)
5	Best sushi in Madison, hands down.The guys at Sushi Muramoto do it best. The staff is always professional, attentive, and polite. I have never had a problem getting seated here as a walk-in. They have an extensive beverage menu, including many varieties of sake as well as wines and beers. Ironically, my favorite item on the menu is the Miso Black Cod. The cod is marinated in miso and broiled to an almost buttery texture. It is served with a side of bok choy, cauliflower, and eggplant in a deliciously - once again - buttery sauce. It is also delivered with a side of rice with spice on top - yum! A total umami experience.Another favorite of mine on the menu is the Muramoto Roll - tuna, sweet shrimp, squid, shiso, sprouts, and salmon roe wrapped in egg paper and topped with a spicy shiso mayo. It's extremely unique and well-portioned for the price. Usually it comes very quickly. However, once, I was dining here with my mother and the lunch rush took over at full force. It took the sushi a little longer to come out but our lovely waiter compensated for it. Great service!
1	Got take out sushi today - half of the avocado was brown - like really brown.  If this is a sushi place you would think the products they use in AVOCODO sushi would be fresh.  Or at least call the customer & say that the avocados aren't good - would you like something else.  Not just send the product on it's way - my hubby picked it up - so not sure if he even looked at it before taking it.  I would have taken one look & refused it.  Got all the way home & it just looked gross - feel really bad cause my little daughter was the one that wanted it .  We picked out the good ones & tossed the rest.  Now - saying this to the manager - he didn't even offer a refund or an apology - second manager did - & offered an apology which the first manager didn't even offer.  Really disappointing.  Feeling sick  with stomach pains - which is what prompted me to call.  Very disappointing.
4	I like this place. When giving ratings to sushi restaurants in Madison, it's always hard to know if I should base it on a Madison scale or a national scale. In other words, if Sushi Muramoto delivered the same quality sushi in california, they'd probably only get three stars. But being that we're in the midwest, they deserve their four stars. I'd have to say that Sushi Muramoto is one of only two sushi places in town that serves decent quality fish.My only complaints about the food are: 1. the red sauce they put on the bottom of some rolls is WAY too overwhelmingly spicy. It takes away from the taste of the roll. 2. you could tell that they used the shittier hamachi for the negihama roll compared to just the yellowtail sushi. I love love love yellowtail so I'll usually get two pieces of sushi as well as a yellowtail+scallion roll. There was a noticeable difference in the quality of fish they used for each :( Also, 3. I ordered coke and got pepsi. I know it's not THAT big of a deal but it's a big pet peeve of mine, so I thought I'd mention it anyway. Read my tagline. I hate pepsi.But this place gets gold stars for not being overpriced. I feel like some of the more upscale sushi places can get away with charging outrageous prices for items that should be cheap (e.g. miso soup or inari). Here, I found that they don't really do that. So props to them.The restaurant has a good vibe and a cool lounge you can hang out in while you're waiting for your table, which you'll probably have to do. I'd definitely come back.
2	I usually come here before a movie at Sundance, but after my experience on Sunday 4/6/14, this will be my last visit to Sushi Muramoto.Sushi Muramoto and King Muramoto have different menus, and we came here for the lunch specials. Our friends specifically mentioned they wanted their food as soon as possible, while late-comers like my boyfriend and I and two other friends could eat our food at a leisurely pace. It was essential because we had a movie at the Wisconsin Film Fest and wanted to get the best seats possible.The waiter acknowledged the request, yet after 30 minutes of wait time, the entrees have not arrived. Apparently, our request was ignored, and all entrees were served together, alongside with those for the latecomers.The only meal that my boyfriend and I had for Sunday, and also till 4 days later (today). We shared the Black Cod Miso and the Hanger Steak. The afternoon following the meal, I experienced severe food poisoning symptoms and so did my boyfriend, the same night. I do not think it was the hanger steak as several of our other friends ordered that dish. However, one of my other friends who had the Black Cod Miso experienced mild food poisoning symptoms like being bloated and loss of appetite. I do not wish to claim that Sushi Muramoto has a trend of poor food hygiene as I have eaten there previously. However, the poor service and terrible reaction I have had to the food has me resolved never to return to this location again. P.S. As an adventurous eater, I have never had such severe food poisoning symptoms for as long as I can remember. Definitely not within the last 15 years, even when I explored countries of much poorer hygiene standards.
4	Amazing cocktails and great food! Best sushi in Madison! Try the spicy shrimp and the Lychee Martini!
4	Love their lunch specials! Unlike many restaurants in town which only offer lunch specials on weekdays, Sushi Muramoto offers lunch specials all seven days of the week. Which means that if you sleep in on the weekends, you get to wake up to great Japanese-fusion food!! *yums*Their blackened miso cod and their steak make for great items on the specials menu. I love their salad, which comes with light Japanese sweet-vinegar dressing and is topped with cornflakes. The cornflakes really add an extra crisp to the salad, so unusually perfect ~~ They serve nice sushi, but coming from Asia I have always thought that the sushi here are kind of over-priced, and to me they are luxurious items which I only order on the occasional side. With that said, though, this is one of the places where I would feel comfortable ordering sashimi because they serve high-quality food using fresh ingredients. One more thing, calamari. I have always associated calamari with Italian restaurants, where I'd had some of the best. So I never thought a Japanese-based restaurant could re-invent calamari and make it so good!! They are fried in light batter till crispy, and served with Japanese soba and ponzu mayonaise as dips. You will not regret trying this ~~And how can I leave out the desserts?? Go for the classic Japanese ice-cream. Black seasame, so indulgently rich. And the red bean pudding is awesome too, not too sweet, makes a nice balance to the meal. If you go in groups they have kind of a private dining area at the back of the restaurant. Service is pretty good for the most part, though at times you have to get your waiter's attention if you need something, especially when they are busy.
2	After having experienced Sushi Muramoto catering some of my old company's events, My wife and I figured we'd give it a shot.First off, the pros.  The food is above average and there are definitely some stand out signature items.  The braised pork belly is outrageously good and they have several specialty rolls that would definitely join my top tier list.The cons are the service.  I'm hoping that my experience was a one time negative, but our dinner took 2 hours!  We're pretty certain our waitress forgot to enter our order but we're not sure because we'd get periodic items every 15-20 minutes.  It was one of the most frustrating meals I've experienced and they most likely won't get the chance to make up for it.
4	Best Sushi in madison I've come across. If you are from one of the coasts and are sushi fans this dinner won't live up to high expectations but the food is good non the less. I like the decor and atmosphere, wait staff has always been nice to me. All in all a good little place for a date night.
4	This is probably the go to place in Madison to get sushi, and since I'm enamored by sushi, Muramoto is an automatic high rating. Since I've only first tried it not too long ago, I only have a few comments, and here they are:- The Godzilla (Gojira) roll is to die for. Loved that one. Possibly the best Madison sushi roll i've ever had! Also, my sushi plate had great presentation. It's rare for me to notice that sort of thing, but the whole plate just looked stunning. There was some good thought put into it i'm sure.- Others have mentioned some problems with the service, and I can possibly see where they're coming from. Our Edamame appetizer took longer than one would expect to come out. But, the main course came out quickly, and everything else was up to snuff with what I expect at a good place. Our waiter was nice, but like some people have mentioned, he came off as kind of pretentious. As I was interested in trying out multiple rolls, I asked him which 3 rolls were in the chef's choice for tonight (Which I didn't find unreasonable to ask here in Madison WI, but in eastern countries this might be frowned upon), and he explained for all too long what "Chef's choice" meant and I didn't receive the names or ingredients of any of the rolls. I got the chef's choice regardless, but i'd rather not be assumed to be completely clueless about how to order anything.- The sign thing (or lack of sign thing I guess?) people are referring is not a big deal at all. There's a sign on the door, and it's only going to be a potential issue the very first time you go. If you're going to complain about places with lack of signage, then check out the Natt Spil on King Street. It has no labeling at all, nor does it even have a phone to call, and guess what? That's a potential problem only on your first visit too! It's an easy thing to get over. It was a thought out decision by the owners in order to help establish their setting, and I applaud their decision.I'm teetering between a 4 and 5 for Mr. Muramoto, but for now i'll go with a 4. The waiter thing I mentioned wasn't really a big deal, but i'd like to scope out the place a couple more times to make sure the quality of my experience is consistent, as others have mentioned some of their service experiences being poor.
5	Awesome sushi... Have been here twice.  LOVE the escolar!!!  Also very much appreciate that the waiters knew what was gluten free and brought me wheat free soy sauce.
3	Sushi Muramoto was my first restaurant experience in Madison.  Since then I've eaten here several times.  The sushi is really very good and I thoroughly enjoy their seaweed salad.  The dining quarters when busy feel a bit cramped but comfortable.  Comfort is important here because regardless of how busy they are the wait is always long. If you're up for the wait, the menu is good and provides sufficient options for those who love or dislike sushi.  The price prevents me from eating here more often and when I decide to go, I always go in off-hours so I can get in AND out in a reasonable amount of time.It's certainly worth going once.  After that, if you have a pet sushi place with more reasonable prices you may wanna just stick to it.
2	My experience at Sushi Muramoto in Hilldale was fairly disappointing.My friend and I went on a weeknight and shared a plate of nigiri and a couple of rolls for filler. Our edamame appetizer was nice. She had a lemon drop cocktail that was proclaimed good, and my Sapporo was just fine.Sushi is all about the fish and the quality here did not live up to the prices. I was served a piece of salmon that I knew was not good enough to be sushi grade by looks alone. The Spanish Mackerel lacked sharpness and dimension. Freshwater eel was room temperature and overly sweet. Other nigiri were fine, but forgettable. The two rolls my friend and I shared were good -- the Yellowtail and scallion roll and pickled radish roll were great.Service was O.K.; however, for the price, I expect better fish. I don't know how much of this I can put down to sushi in Wisconsin but hey, planes fly everywhere so there's not much of an excuse. I don't recommend Sushi Muramoto.
4	Joined the wife for a belated birthday dinner where we sat at the sushi bar.  I would say a quiet dinner but the dining room is hopping on a Wednesday night. Ordered Bell's Two-Hearted in bottles and started with the Miso soup. Menu is varied with the old standards and some real innovative special rolls. We settled on bonito and snow crab nigiri, smoked salmon and philly rolls and a special roll of yellow tail, tuna and jalapenos called the Ecuador. Stars of the show were the snow crab and the Ecuador.  The snow crap was incredibly sweet and tender, an incredible texture and taste. The Ecuador was nestled in srirachi and aoili with a tangy jalapeno in the roll crusted with tempura flakes which set off the texture perfectly. Didn't need wasabi or ginger for this one.  After another Two-Hearted considered getting more snow crab sweet enough to dessert but went for a delicious chocolate creme brulee.
5	Hand's down best sushi in Madison. I love the miso black cod too. I love the $10 3 roll sushi lunch special -- it's more sushi than I can eat, so I usually share that and order an appetizer or two.
5	On the expensive side for Madison eating, but it's easily the best sushi in town. Great decor, wait staff, and tunes. The only disappointing thing is they never have Spanish mackerel!
4	Beautifully understated transcendental decor completely compliments the visually arresting and thoroughly satisfying menu offerings. It was perfect place to take my wife on her birthday and we threw caution to the wind and ordered whatever we wanted, without fear or favor. Very nice West side establishment.
4	I really enjoyed Muramoto. Great service and it's difficult to not overdo it on ordering endless rolls.
5	Sushi Muramoto has been my go-to stop for sushi in Madison for a couple of years now. Service is a huge part of the experience to me, and the waitstaff is always super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu items and different kinds of fish available. I've been there multiple times when it's packed, but I've never waited more than 5-10 minutes for a table. The last time I went with a large group (with 2 add-ons to our reservation) and we were accommodated immediately with no problem. As for the menu itself, there is no shortage of diversity and there is a dish for everybody (even if you aren't crazy about seafood and fish); dishes are also priced really fairly for their excellent quality and size. The only downside to Sushi Muramoto, I would say, is the dining area: it is a little cramped, and when it's busy and full, it's almost impossible to avoid eavesdropping on your neighbors. Great place regardless.
4	good environment. nice plating. I want just wondering if the kobe beef is really from Japan or just "Kobe-style" beef made in USA...cuz the kobe beef sashimi tasted a little bold.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place.A bit pricey for dinner, but their lunch specials are excellent.I had the beef hanger steak w/ rice and a salad. Only $9!I was feeling in a spendthrift mood, so I also ordered the Sushi Combo 1, which is a chef's choice roll and 7 nigiri. Very delicious and honestly pretty filling for $15.
4	One of my favorite places for sushi in Madison, has a really great atmosphere and the food is always great! Fast service too... Only unfortunate thing is that the tables are so close together because it's a small place.
4	Can't remember how many times I came with my friends. Very good quality of food, fresh, and authentic. Wish the price could be lower..,
5	We have been to numerous restaurants for sushi across the U.S. as well as outside of the U.S. and I can confidently say that Muramoto is one of the top 3!! The reason I am posting this is not only because we love Muramoto, but because a great place requires the service to go along with the food and tonight they impressed me. We ordered takeout and they forgot 3 items and by the time I arrived home I had received a call apologizing, before I even knew this, for forgetting these items and that they really wanted to make it right. Since I used a card they credited me the items along with an additional discount for the items we actually had. I was shocked! Since I had ordered more than enough sushi already I wasn't really upset I didn't have the 3 rolls, so I was fine with what they had offered. Could I have gone another avenue in negotiating what they could have done, certainly, however how many places will catch something like this, A, and if they do will immedietly offer something in return? Only the best!
4	Very good stuff.
5	My husband and I are newer to the Madison area, and we were hungry and near Sushi Muramoto, so we just walked right in. Great place, great food, and we'll go back!If you're into uber-modern decor, this place is for you.We split the crabcake appetizer and ate two rolls. Everything we ate was quite tasty and fresh. Our server was friendly and attentive. Next time we're near Hilldale Mall, which will be sooner than later, I know we'll revisit Sushi Muramoto.
