4	Horrible unfriendly service but great food!  This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in LV.  My cousins live in LV.  My wife and I used to drive from LA to LV not to visit family but to eat here.  Kinda insane considering there's lots of great Chinese eats in the LA area.  My favorites are the Spicy Salt and Pepper Pork chops and sauteed kang kong (sp?) vegetables with garlic.  Smallish restaurant expect to wait for a table.  Good for groups of 6 or more....Parking is plentiful.
4	oh i just had to take my friends to this place over the weekend.  my expertise is not that great in this area, but my mouth believes that this has to be the best place for Cantonese food in the city of Las Vegas.  Many locals refer to this place as THE Best Place for Chinese Food.  I was introduced to this place over 10 years ago when i first came to visit.  It was good then, and it's hella grub now.  yeah, the name is weird.  when i first heard that i was going there, i was saying, "food express!!!....sounds like chinese take-out or cheap fast-food."  oh man, i spoke too soon.  the salt-pepper crab, salt-pepper pork chop, house pan fried noodle, and crispy green beans in XO sauce were all so delicious.  i just recently had the steamed chilean sea bass in black bean sauce.  that thing was so buttery!!!  i also had some of the salt-pepper shrimp w/skin and head w/jalapenos.  and finally, i loved the deep fried tofu b/c it was so warm and silky in the middle and crunchy on the outside.  i just love dipping it in the accompanying mixture of soy sauce and hot chili oil.  also, the place does not look all too spectacular.  it is small.  it is in front of the Fantastik Swap Meet, but hell it the most yummy chinese food in VEGAS!!!
3	This place is one of the few places to offer authentic dishes at a very affordable price, but include a variety of Chinese American dishes (egg foo young, anything fried etc.) as well. The service was borderline terrible, they were rude and "clanged" our glasses and plates on the table. This place was quite crowded, often leaving very little room between parties at certain tables. Despite the reasonable prices, this place is not worth going to on a frequent basis. Good for the occasional late night craving, but failing to strike a point in the unique arena.
5	Truly an Authentic Chinese experience. It' looks like a Panda Express from the outside. Inside is a whole new story. Bunch of Chinese waiters running around. There's the infamous cliche of a fishtank. When we got here we were seated next to the fishtank. And fish were looking at me.....So I ordered one. Fried. With a black bean and spicy garlic sauce. Teach that fish to look at me....GrrrrrBut in reality. You can order chinese food on the menu. I like things off the menu that only the cool asians know. So my advice - learn some chinese food that's not americanized with sugar and sweetness. And order off the "cool secret menu".Update 6/2/08SEE I FUCKIN TOLD YOU - BEST CHINESE! EVER!
4	Neither the name, location in front of the Fantastic Swap Meet nor physical appearance would suggest fine Chinese dining, but fine dining is what we enjoyed.  Unlike many Asian restaurants, service was both cheerful and attentive.  We shared orders of sauted shrimp coated with mayonnaise with honey walnuts, Singapore rice noodles and pea leaves with garlic.  The latter was not on the menu and relatively expensive at $11, but delicious.
5	i     l     o     v     e          t          h          i          s               p               l               a               c               e.
5	Hands down, the best Chinese food in Las Vegas, without breaking your wallet unlike places like Jasmine in the Bellagio. This place is a ways off the strip, a pretty expensive cab ride. If I recall correctly it was close to 20 bucks from T.I. My family used to have property in LV and whenever we would be in town we would frequent this place a lot. You would expect to that this place would be in Chinatown but its actually off of Spring Mountain and closer to auto-row. And it's next to a Subway so you can't really miss it. Service here isn't upscale, its not even close to Vegas. It's more HK than anything else. You sit down, get a pot of tea and that's pretty much it until you order. So when the time comes, what do you order?From my experience, the best things to get there are:1. Ginger and Green onion oysters- They lightly fry the oysters first and then wok toss them with ginger, green onions, and their sauce. The oysters come to your table piping hot, steaming and fragrant. One bite and it's almost instant nirvana. Hands down, quite possibly the best oysters in this style that I've ever had. 2. Dry Beef Chow Fun- Yeah i know it's a common staple everywhere and almost everyone knows what this is and can find it at any Chinese restaurant. But is it ever GOOD? They say that although it may seem simple. this dish takes a master chef who knows what he's doing to make it taste the way it's supposed to taste. By far, this place has the best version I've ever had. It's so aromatic, so flavorful, the balance between the light soy sauce and the marinated beef, the onions and bean sprouts, it's all so perfect. But the best part is literally the time and effort that they take to make this dish. Usually whereever I go, the ho fun noodles come to me either completely brown, smothered by soy sauce, white with a few tinges of brown, or the yin yang effect where one side of the noodles are brown, and the other is white. At this place, you'll find your noodles perfectly golden brown, with a bit of 'crust' on the side. This is where you know they spent that time on it. The extra seconds the chef spent on this dish, tossing it in the wok, results in the edges of the noodles being burnt ever so slightly, thereby giving this dish a characteristic taste you won't find at most places. 3. Corn sauce Fish- dunno what to call this in English, but basically what it is is batter fried fish filets, smothered in a corn and egg drop sauce. It's so good I can't even describe it. 4. Garlic and Chilli Eggplant- You can optionally get this with Duck feet, but altogether this plate is awesome. It's tangy, its spicy, its decandent, it's delightful.Overall, I must say, coming from San Francisco where the Chinese population by far shadows the population in LV, this place has better Chinese food. I'm serious. It's seriously comparable to Hong Kong style. Maybe they imported their chef. Almost everything on the menu is awesome. Forget those high end places like PF Changs or Jasmine. This is the place to go for affordable, authentic, and REAL Chinese food.
3	If this is best Chinese in Las Vegas, I guess I will have to put up with mediocre local chinese until I get back to northern California.  We weren't put off by the rude and contemptuous waiters -- that's the way most of them are to gaijin in Chinatowns.  But we do need more than a minute to peruse a new menu.  We ended up with Potstickers, Sichuan Shrimp, Salt and Pepper Pork Chops and Beef Chow Fun.  I would have liked some more vegetables, but there was no eggplant or green beans on the menu.  Just a lot of Tofu and mysterious mixed vegetables.  Although the food was good, none of it was outstanding.  Certainly not worth driving all the way across town for.But the real mystery of this restaurant is WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL THE PLATES?  We were given one tea cup (no water) and one saucer.  A saucer?  We kept waiting for plates, but none ever appeared.  My husband grabbed a couple of saucers and cups from the table next door.  But regardless there was a lot of spillage as we tried to balance any thing else on the saucer besides a spoonful of rice.  Yes, you can eat directly off the serving plates, but that too is pretty messy.  I was feeling rather embarrassed about the state of the pink tablecloth until the waiter started removing dishes and spilled the saucer of potsticker sauce over the table.  Yeah, I had to tackle him in the back hallway to get the check.  Plenty of food there, rather tasty, but nothing worth going back for.
5	I didn't expect much when I was told by friends to meet here for dinner. Shit, what the hell is Food Express? Is it similar to Panda Express?  Well, don't let the name fool you. It is the best  chinese restaurant in Las Vegas! There was nothing fancy at this restaurant. They served Cantonese cuisine which means greasy, filling and tasty. Everything I've tried in my several visits to this place have been fantastic. My favorite dish was the claypot fish.  It gets crowded during dinner so best to come early.  Good portions, reasonable prices and service was fast, but don't expect too much in that category. Credit card accepted and plenty of parking.
3	OK will someone tell me what the hype is about this place?  I never expect authentic Chinese food restaurants to be that clean or even that well named.  I have found with international cuisines that the more hole-in-the-wall they are the better.I stopped here to grab a lunch special and ended getting an order of Kung Pao Chicken, which seems to be my go to meal and therefor barometer of how good a restaurant is.  The food was so-so at the best, portion wise it seemed a bit small and my lunch mates chicken seemed to be very fatty (even when I expect fat from Chinese food).  The fried rice was nominal (but I never expect much from lunch special fried rice).   It also came with a wonton and a spring roll.  I took one taste of the spring roll and promptly spit it out.  Overall I would try this restaurant again... for dinner, and that is more based on my fellow yelpers then anything else.
3	I had high hopes for Food Express after reading some of the "best chinese food in Vegas" reviews. But alas, I was disappointed by my visit. Out of the 4 dishes we ordered, 2 were hits, 1 was acceptable, and 1 was a miss (but the free soup was good). My parents ordered this exotic dish, which my mom claimed was duck intestines in black bean sauce. I was skeptical but decided to give it a try. Much to my delight it was a hit. The other hit was the stir fried duw miu sprouts with abalonushrooms. The gravy was very tasty and the sprouts had the hot wok taste. The empress chicken was acceptable, but it seemed more like regular bak jam gai instead of empress chicken (gwei fei gai). The big disappointment was the beef in XO sauce. I could not taste the XO sauce at all and the beef was a pile of thinly sliced cheap meat, not like the tender little cubes of high quality meat used in a really good version of this dish.This place is definitely HK style, with the fish tanks, spartan decor, and dirty bathrooms. Contrary to HK style, the service was surprisingly good. They were very attentive and changed our plates midway and ran over with napkins when my Dad spilled water. However, the service did taper off near the end and they were busy with the large number of customers rushing in.The final sting came when we received our bill, which was $64 for the three of us including tip. This is on the high range of what I'd expect to pay for HK style cooking, maybe at a "high end" restaurant, without the word express in the name.Best chinese food in Vegas? Possibly. Compared to what you can get in Sacramento, LA, or SF? Nope.
5	Yes, nothing fancy, but greaaat service!!!!  We were brought here by a local friend as they come to dinner here all the time.  After coming to Vegas so many years, we would still never know about this place, unless for the recommendation.The service here is almost like no other nowadays, attentive waitstaff with friendly suggestions and help at all times.  GOOD,FRESH, YUMMY, authentic chinese dishes if you just want to get out of the strip and have a sit down chinese meal, it's not an "express" at all!They let you roll 3 dices in the end of the meal and if you get the same numbers then the next meal is on them.  Well our first try we didn't get it and the next we did!!!!!  And they REALLY do follow through with what they say and came back with a matched receipt of over 200 bucks for our next meal in which we redeemed before we left Vegas!  I don't think it can get better than that.  they also give some great free dessert, depending on which day, and free "lion's eye" fruit.  Steamed crab is great but some of the fish is really really pricey, 40-120!  they also have live shrimps that can be made as sashimi style or fried black peppered.  squab is good, everything is good!  : )  Nicest owners and mgrs..
4	One of my parents friends, who has been living in Vegas for ages, recommended this place for some authentic Chinese food. They just gave me the address and the Chinese name. I pull up and see a place called Food Express. I call them to make sure they gave me the correct address. They confirm its the correct place.As I walk into this place, I was pretty skeptical. How good can a place be with a generic name like Food Express? Like my 3rd grade teacher taught me, "don't judge a book by its cover". The rest of my party arrives and we dig into the menus. It has the typical Chinese fare. We order a few dishes and hope for the best.The food came out in a timely manner. Wow. It was surprisingly good. The food reminds me of some of the Chinese restaurants I used to eat when I was back in San Francisco. I wouldn't necessarily say this is the best Chinese food in Vegas, but it was good nevertheless. The service was also good. I would definitely come back here to eat.In fact, a few days later I did come back. I ordered some take out which was promptly ready when I arrived. I ordered some Honey Walnut Shrimp, Beef Chow Fun, and Hong Kong Style Beef and Chinese Broccoli Chow Mein. As always, I posted some pictures. Enjoy!
5	I won't go anywhere else for Chinese.
5	This is a great Chinese restaurant.  It's a very nondescript restaurant, no flourishes - just excellent food!  We ordered the steam flounder with garlic and ginger sauce, string beans with garlic and pork, and black soya sauce chicken.  Really, really good food.  Give it a try!
1	Went to Food Express on Chinese New Year's Eve and the restaurant was all dark.  The sign on the front door said it was under renovations and closed as of Jan 18.  Bummer!  Anyone know what's happened to Food Express??
4	One of the best resto's here in  Vegas for Chinese.  Sometimes its hard to order because of the accent, but in every state that i went to the Best Chinese Resto's are the ones that has a hard speaking english.:)
4	Food Express is one of the restaurants that we always go to whenever we are in Vegas. Unfortunately, Food Express is still under renovation. There is, however, a Food Express II located in Palace Station. I haven't tried the second location yet, but I did notice that there were fewer choices on the menu. The prices were also a bit higher.On a side note, we drove by Cathay House (another restaurant we always go to) and the Chinese name of the restaurant changed (new management?). Anyways, we took a look at the menu and they seemed to have a lot of new items that used to be on the menu at Food Express. Maybe one of the chefs from Food Express went over there? Too bad I didn't have time to go to either restaurant.
5	The best Chinese food for 200 miles.  Recommendations: chicken lo mein, spicy cold noodles, cream cheese won tons, Ku Ting Crispy Shrimp...I can't wait to come here again, so yummy
3	Yea I know, Food Express Chinese Restaurant, sounds like a place in a Southpark episode. When I arrived, the place was packed with Asians spinning their lazy susans around, which is always a good sign of a good hole in the wall chinese restaurant. The interior had strip mall written all over it from the Casino carpet (probably from Station's Casino) to the cheesy neon fish light fixture, i don't even know what to call it.  I came here because of the yelp reviews and i was not dissapointed but not wowed. Take into consideration i tried only two dishes, the Mongolian Beef and the Shrimp in black bean sauce. The beef was very delicious, tender, juicy, not over sauced and just the right amount of spice. The Shrimp was standard but i thought they skimped a little on shrimp, all i saw were chunks of bell peppers and onions. The service was good and friendly and i enjoyed my time here. I would give them 3.5 stars and would go back. I did notice a lunch special they had mon-fri for $4.25, looked like a good deal for under $5.00, will try that next time.
4	I been coming here for about 17 years now, It's my favorite Chinese restaurant in LV. This is the best Chinese restaurant here, even thought that doesn't say much, because there are just not too much choices. They were closed down for remodeling for a few months and we have no place to go eat. We had to suffer with high priced and not so good Chinese food for a while, and it sucked. I think I suffered depression because of it.If you come here and order salt and pepper pork chop, fried and braised Chilean sea bass, and veggies, there is no way they would screw that up for you.The best part about this place is "price is right".
5	Don't let the name fool you.  I found this place based on YELP reviews because I got tired of trying to find good Chinese food.  This place is off the strip but very close.  Sahara exit, drive away from the strip and right on decatur.I was blown away.  The food here is very flavorful and cooked properly like how real chinese food should taste like.1.  Salt and Pepper Pork Chops are yummy.2.  Sizzling beef with pepper, GOOOD!3.  Pan Fried Noodles with chicken (chicken is very tasty, I love it!)4.  Beef Chow Fun-I can't stop eatingThe service is real quick and I plan to come back here many times to try more dishes.  Their prices are very reasonable and you get good food.
5	We went there again. They have this $25 special lobster and crab dish. The lobster and crab is cooked together in ginger and green onion. The lobster and crab tasted very fresh like they were live before cooked for us even thought the menu did not state that. The food here is just so good. I hope they still have this special next time we come.
4	Since this is the first listing to pop up when searching for a Chinese restaurant in Vegas, we just HAD to try it out. We went to get take-out to bring to eat with others so I'm basing the service and food on the experience I had from that. First of all, there's nothing 'express' about this place. It's a sit-down restaurant, not a 'scoop food' place. There is also a location inside the Palace Station hotel.We arrived and the staff were very helpful. We ordered a bunch of dishes and were told to take a seat while they prepared it for us. The man even offered us tea while we waited and then chatted with me in Cantonese. I thought they were extremely friendly (but again, it might be because I spoke their language). Throughout the whole time of waiting for our food, all the staff stopped by to chat with me.So take into consideration that it was about 20-30 mins from the time the food was cooked to the time it was consumed.....Beef and broccoli (okay, not my choice) -- was really flavorful, the beef was tender and the broccoli was fresh and not overcooked.Shrimp fried rice (once again, not my choice) -- not bad for fried rice although as a Chinese, we don't really like only shrimp in our fried rice. We like a bunch of stuff.... but it was good.Garlic gai lan -- nice garlicky taste -- they didn't skimp on the garlic! Salt & Pepper pork chops -- these were very tasty even after sitting in the take out box for 20-30 mins. In fact, these were so popular the people who ordered the shrimp fried rice and beef broccoli ended up eating most of this! *grrrrrrrrrrrrrr*Braised tofu -- also done very nicely with stalks of choy sum and dried shiitake mushrooms. I thought everything was really tasty and wished we had dined in instead. This place is definitely staying on my list of places to return to on subsequent trips when craving Cantonese style Chinese food.Wasn't too pricey either. For all of that including steamed rice was $40 (tip not included).4.5 stars!!!
5	The food here is very good.  Most of the Chinese Food in Las Vegas sucks.  Food Express is one of the few good restaurants in Las Vegas.  Don't let the name fool you.  The food was made for Chinese tastes.  If you see Chinese people in a Chinese Restaurant, then that passes the tastes tests.Recommend:  Deep fried Roast Duck.  It's nice and crispy.  The deep fried crabs is good.  The tofu is deep fried as well.  This is much better than PF Chang which is water down Chinese food made for Americans.  And Panda Express is NOT chinese food.
4	This is the probably the best authentic Chinese restaurant in Vegas right now, with probably one of the worst names.Food: Asians love their seafood, so I had to go for the Lobster & Crab with ginger based on Steven's recommendation. It was really good and fresh.  For $25, didn't expect to get the good parts of the crab or lobster, and didn't. I was questioning if the lobster was a big crawl fish, because that lobster was small. I also got the sizzling beef tender. Really delicious. The second time with more people, got to try the beef chow fun, which was really okay, but nothing special. Didn't have the flavorfulness that I'm accustomed to. The pineapple chicken, fried crab, oysters, and lobster in ginger sauce were all stellar and flavorful. Desert was on the house. Soup was on the house as well, if you bring enough people apparently.Service:The service here is average, isn't winning any awards but isn't bad either. One of the waiters was helping this family with learning how to use chopsticks. However, this is not without incident free. When we were out of tea, we had the lid raised up to signal we wanted more tea. Didn't get it for a good 10 minutes. When I got a fork, there was a piece of lettuce stuck to my fork that needs scrubbing to come off. Lastly, one of the ladies sitting in the table next to us got gum on her dress from a chair, sucks for her. The wait staff admitted to any mistakes they made have made, which shows some class. But, the service could use some help to prevent this from happening in the first place.Price: This place has a lot of inexpensive items, but you can also splurge out on the seafood where it would get very pricey quickly. The lobster & crab in ginger and onion sauce came out to $25. A group of us also got a live lobster in the same sauce, I would say no more than 2.5lbs, that came out to $88. Holy crap. While we should have asked, that is one pricey lobster. Excluding the incident with the $88 lobster, this place is a great value for what you get, just be sure to ask how much is everything first.The WTF Name: How can a restaurant with the name Food Express be deemed as one of the best, if not the best in Vegas? By having great food! I straight up asked the owner, why the name. He explained that 14 years ago when this place opened (good sign), it was like the hot thing to call a Chinese Restaurant. This idea died like pEoPlE tHiNkInG iT wAs CoOl To TyPe LiKe ThIs and Asian guys wearing baggy pants with bangs long enough to use as nun-chucks. The place lasted through this whole era, and the owner kept the name. He consider changing the name, but claimed that many people know about this place and has already been established. Sure it may attract more new people, but I guess the people that know about this place will keep this place thriving.Summary:Great food, if not the best in Vegas for this cuisine, but be careful of the pricey items on the menu. Service is above average for a Chinese Restaurant, but a notch below American ran places. The WTF name is staying, so we just have to deal with it. Yes, this better than Sam Woo in Vegas.
5	I love the lunch menu!!! Soup, egg roll, fried rice, and a topping which you choose from the menu all for only $4.99. However, there's this one particular dish that my boyfriend ordered from the regular menu that made me feel like I was back in my home country. Sea Bass w/ Gravy was the English name for it. The dish was well made and I couldn't stop eating it! Another good thing about this place is that the manager and I are from the same hometown. ^^Will definitely come back to the restaurant!
4	Was recommended by a co-worker years ago and I have been going ever since.  Solid inexpensive chinese food, nothing fancy but I don't think I have had a bad meal here.  I have tried many places in china town that we have read about on here and a lot are good but they really can't beat this palace, and considering the price it's our go to spot.  Way better than all those "whatever WOK" places that are in every strip mall all over the valley, at least all the ones I have tried.We are still searching for a fantastic place, can't seem to find one in vegas.
4	Mmmm authentic Chinese food!  I was so impressed with this place that we actually came by twice on our vacation here in Vegas. I loved the salt and pepper spare ribs, salted fish fried rice, beef chow fun (they didn't overkill it with too much oil or bean sprouts), and honey walnut prawns.  I also noticed other patrons ordering stuff that you probably can only get if you speak Chinese.Next time we're in the neighborhood, I'm bringing back up (my mom's Chinese speaking boyfriend) so that I can get in on the good stuff.
5	Finally. I found home. For two years I've searched Vegas for the same authentic Chinese cuisine I are in hong kong and on Guam. I've tried many, liked them, but this is the only one so far that is authentic and tastes EXACTLY like home. Yelpers, I tried it based on your reviews and I'm so glad you are all right--this may look like a hole on the wall but it's far from it. The restaurant has nice seating and great staff. I love the fact that the cooks and staff speak Cantonese. It's a sign that the food is genuine. The prices are ridiculously cheap! Walnut shrimp was only 9.95!!! Everywhere else sells for 14 and up. The food:-jellyfish appetizer: I love cold jellyfish and theirs is awesome. With kimchee seasoning and on top of pickled white radish and onions, it's a great way to start dinner. -fried shrimp: light and seasoned well. Served with great sweet and sour sauce. A must try. -walnut shrimp: crispy with a nice lemon mayo sauce and sweet, crunchy walnuts with sesame seeds. My favorite dish and they make it right!-marinated crispy chicken with seasoned salt: OMG. So good. Well seasoned, very crispy skin and lots on the plate. A must have when you come here. The chicken is marinated for a day, at least, because the marination was down to the bone. -salt and pepper pork chop: finally made right. Light and crispy, sliced with bone and topped with fried garlic minced up with peppers. It was heaven. -egg drop soup: thick, eggy and mushroomy. I loved it. Overall this is the only place I will be from now on when I crave Chinese cuisine. It's not out if this world orgasmic, but comforting and very, VERY good. I'm already craving more!
3	Yummy.  Good service.  Open late.  Potstickers are cheap and very good.
5	I went here with my wife the night we got married for a delicious vegetarian meal.  Best chinese greens I have ever had - I had an entire plate worth nearly all to myself.  We had a great tofu dish and some excellent chow mein  as well.One thing I really liked was their tea.  I could have sat their drinking it all night long.I saw some really interesting dishes on the tables all around me that were very tempting.It is a very authentic Cantonese restaurant.  It was crowded until very late at night on a Sunday with people enjoying their meals immensely.  It's a nice relief from the fast food on the Strip!
5	Funny little hole in the wall that I found interesting...I would always see a bunch of Chinese people outside smoking on my way home. If I didnt see it, I would think to write it off as one of those cheap fast food Chinese counters. I asked my BF about it and he said that long ago when we worked in the area his coworker would often have to order for them there in Chinese....he even sent my BF with a little note when he had to pick up. Anyways, I do really like the food here. I know I'm not Chinese but part of my family is-my half brothers are, my godfather is Chinese and we went to Hong Kong to visit him so I grew up on a lot of authentic foods....this is authentic and everything we've gotten has been really good. No "just okay" foods mixed in with standouts- everything has been home cooking authentic.  I think it's funny though how a lot of authentic places kinda treat us ignorant. Me looking like an Asian, but not quite easy to place and my gweilo BF I suppose don't look like lovers of the OG dishes. Like BF went to pick up food for us once and ordered half Ginger Scallion Chicken once and they thought they better tell this whitey "has bone. it okay?" hahaha. I get it though, I've seen some funny exchanges of dumbasses who think this is Panda Express. Before my BF ordered the guy had an exchange with a father and son all mad that Fried Rice is a la carte and doesnt come with orange chicken like it does at Panda Express so they left. It probably helped that dudes frustrations with Gwailos extend to us.Saying Hello in Canto helps before I order.Food wise, this is probably my favorite Chinese spot. It's so much like home...Salty Fish Fried Rice is comfort at its best, Salt and Pepper Pork chops here are the best I've had in Vegas, mmm eggplant hotpot is soo delicious, Walnut shrimp is great (and its cheap compared to everywhere else!), duck is crispy skinned yet juicy and tender meat,  veggies with XO sauce is bomb, salty egg pork was comfort for me though BF did not like, Chow fun was so perfectly cooked and flavored and I dont even really like Chow Fun! I'm done listing because I'll probably have a comment for everything on the menu. Yeah I cannot wait whenever we say we're coming here to eat as I can always find something that hits that comfort spot and this spot in me that gets warm thinking about childhood foods. I love that feeling and I have gotten that everytime so far.
3	Read the reviews and thought I found the wrong resturant. The lunch was cheap but the quality was horrible, the lunch menu has about 10 items on all for 4.25 each (which is why I didnt give it a lower score). But the food was not good, the flavors were ok but the ingredients seemed old. The soup was good, the eggroll was not wrapped properly or re-fried again or something. The inside was mush and skin was not golden brown it was more dark brown and super oily. We ordered salt and pepper pork chops here to compare with HK Star and the pork shop were better here but everything else was below par. I would come here again for the pork chops and white rice but for more than that.. The lunch special caters to non asian palate. Fried rice on every plate even if you order noodles is a no-no. This is one of those situations where less is more. If they didnt serve the egg roll and fried rice I think I would of gave it a better score.
5	This is a hole in the wall that I have been going to for many years during dinner or after hours!  The food is just so good, especially the deep fried Cod! I definitely recommend this! Egg Foo Yung wasn't that good, but everything that I have always ordered from Express has been yummy....my usual cravings for Chinese food to order are:Salt & Pepper Pork ChopDeep Fried TofuGreen Beans w/ Oyster SauceAll of their clay pots are very good! I just wish they deliver for lunch!
5	dam good food. best i have ever had. love the feeling of it being a hole in the wall. top quality food at a great price. the staff is awesome too.
4	A nice place to eat, I came in at 11:30 pm and was one of two parties there.  I was greeted by an older gentleman, owner I believe, kinda reminded of my father.  He was very polite and friendly.  I had the walnut shrimp and pan-fried vegetables, both were very good and reasonably priced.  Another plus is that they don't charge extra for rice like some places do.  The tea was good too, I had an upset stomach coming in, feel a lot better now.  Given the limited late night options in this town, I see myself coming back real soon.
5	Whoa, hold the horses? I will drive 30 minutes to get here. Not for those of you that have western taste, this is about as real as it gets.From the "soup of the day" or jing tong, to the typical good ole Cantonese cuisine that is truly authentic, this is an awesome place.I cannot comment on the americanized chinese food, as I do not order this stuff, but the menu is full of the real stuff.  Go for it.
4	So I had my labor day weekend vacation in Vegas. We've been eating in Treasure Island (where we were staying) for two days straight and my old man was dying for some L.A. seafood. My aunt from LV told us about this place. Tonight we made it at around 7:30PM. The place is small. We ordered:-Seafood tofu egg soup (very good)-Lobster and Crab combo (very good about $35; very fresh)-Snow pea leaf garlic stir fry (WoW. my top list have must have vegie)-Fermented black bean clam (very good)-Half of white chicken (not good at all; way too tough)Service was crazy good. They keep checking our tea and rice. Kept changin our plate out. Total: ~$82
4	I got a craving for some salt and pepper pork one afternoon so I went in and ordered takeout. Yes I ordered takeout because I can't eat alone in public, there I said it. I also ordered the salty fish fried rice. They were both better than I could have ever expected. The batter on the pork was crispy and savory. They were spiced perfectly. The salty fish fried rice was completely new to me so I ordered it based on the reviews. I am a self admitted saltaholic so the salty fish pieces were bits of briny heaven sprinkled throughout the rice. The portions were very generous. The fried rice fed me three times and the pork twice.  I will definitely be back and order the exact same thing as last time!
4	YUM.  I've been coming to Food Express ever since we moved here 6 years ago.  The other reviewers are right--  so few good authentic Chinese places in LV.  This is the spot.Fish maw and crab soup, garlic stir fried pea shoots, salt and pepper pork, mapo tofu.  All fantastic.  My favorite is the steamed fish with scallions and ginger, but make sure you bring enough people--  the smallest sized fish is usually 2+ pounds, so, sadly mostly too much for 2 people...Service is quick, but abrupt, so don't expect to get catered to.  This place is the spot for great authentic chinese food, NOT 5 star service.
5	every time i have been here i go here the food is amazing. you can not go wrong with any of your choices. they even have fresh crab, lobster, and fish. none of it is overpriced either.my wifes favorite dish is the honey walnut shrimp. it tastes like candy not like shrimp. my favorite is the cantonese lobster and the steamed sea bass with black bean sauce.the people who run it are so nice they always offer "what is good today" probably because i always ask that. but its always really good service. best part is they are open till midnight. go here try anything i guarantee you will not be disappointed.
5	Found this place by accident and it is a gem! Great Chinese food for a very good price! I absolutely love the beef chow fun! The portion size is enough to split with someone and still  have left overs.  The outside looks sketchy but the place makes great food!And their lunch menu is the best in town at $5
5	Tried this restaurant for the first time today.  I am used to the best Chinese food in the U.S.  As I have eaten in NYC's, SF's and LA's Chinatowns.  This is the only Chinese restaurant that is like eating in NYC's Chinatown.  It is true Cantonese style cooked by Chinese chefs. This is TRUE Chinese cuisine not nouvelle or fusion.Aside from what's on the menu, they will cook anything you want with the fish, meats and vegetables they have.  They also serve Jasmine tea with the meal - a definite plus.  It is incredible good.  You don't find that in the other Chinese restaurants in LV. They mostly serve Oolong which is very bland in comparison.The portions are huge.  You can feed 3 or 4 with one portion.  You will have plenty to take home if you want. (Definitely, take it home if you don't finish)Doesn't look like much from the outside but inside are table clothed tables.  Prices are reasonable.  Service is excellent.You must not pass this one up.  Go ASAP for a great meal.
5	When my man and I are in the mood for Chinese take-out, we call up Food Express and drive over since they don't do take out. It's so worth it, more than the luxury of delivery. Movie nights would be complete if they would.I urge you to try the jellyfish appetizer! spiced and slightly pickled, its REAL GOOD.Our other favorite is the Honey Shrimp. It's like candy.The only thing we didn't like so far was the Duck tongue in xo sauce. The bone inside made it really awkward to eat.So glad to find knockout Chinese in vegas. SCORE.
5	Haven't been back in a while and the BF and I dropped in twice in the last month. Still very good. We've been busy trying out new places that we haven't been back, but now I'm asking why? It's still one of the best Chinese places out there, open late, service is decent enough, prices are cheaper than the competitors.  I have a new favorite- stuffed tofu with black bean sauce. I love everything about it. Black bean sauce- noms. Crispy yet silken inside tofu- nom, nom, noms.  I know, that was pretty damn eloquent. Not really much to say except, if you havent tried it, please do. This is my little slice of comfort Chinese food.
3	I read the review. Wow... it must be heaven sent. After my visit with my friends here, it's more a disappointment. But this is Las Vegas after all. I have to remember that.The limited foods I've tried were on the authentic side. I had West Lake Beef Soup, and dry Beef Chow Fun. My friend had S&S Pork. But portion was average despite some reviewers had claimed to be large. I had a lot more elsewhere on the plate for cheaper price.Talking about the price, it might be the cheapest in town but it's about average in big cities like Sacramento and Portland, OR. It's more than those in LA and its suburbs by $2-3 each. The cheapest main dishes here was $7.97. The seafood items cost $13.95 minimal.I thought the restaurant was hole-in-the-wall, based on the namesake and reviews. But it's actually more a standard Chinese restaurant. Apparently it was renovated recently according to my friend. The service was OK. The wait staffs tended to ignore things when they were busy. But they were quite attentive and friendly when the crowd had died down.It was not very well-lit outside the restaurant. The cemented ground was not even. My friend took a fall outside.So diners, this is one of the better choices in Las Vegas. But don't go Gaga over it if you're from out of town. Less disappointment that way.
2	Okay this place does some of the best food in town, but the only reason i gave it two stars is because of the service ,it was bad the only time I've been here. They didn't offer our table drinks and it took awhile for them to ask us if we were ready to order. I do plan on going back sometime just to give them another chance.
5	The name of the restaurant sounds like fast food chinese which i was a bit hesistated to go at first but was glad i did because it was so good, one of the best chinese restaurants.For 2 adults and 1 kid, we ordered:- salt and pepper pork chops... very very good, it is dry not too oily, has the perfect spice and crispiness even my daughter likes this a lot. The best salt and pepper pork chops i've ever had.- honey walnut shrimp.. very good also, generous portion with generous walnut- sea bass with tofu claypot... very good, not too salty, just the right amount of spice and very tender.overall, we were happy with our food and plan to go back here again if we visit Vegas.
4	So don't let the exterior fool you, this is not fast food, nor a buffet.Walking inside you are greeted by a helpful staff, and tables dressed with china and tablecloths. Totally surprising!We ordered the beef chow fun dry which was excellent, the honey walnut shrimp, very tasty. Also ordered pot stickers which came with a delisious sauce.The Jasmine Tea was delightful, and hot.Really an anomoly, talk about keeping your resturant on the down low...the signage is  a strip mall fast chinese food sign, we never would have walked in had it not been for Yelpers!We will be back!
3	I wasn't expecting much with a name like "Food Express" for decent Chinese food but I was very happily surprised with the food came. It's by no means a greasy fast food Chinese place, but your typical sit down Chinese restaurant with the fish tanks filled with seafood in the back. I ordered the Prawns with Honey Walnuts and was delighted that the dish didn't come out and the entire thing didn't tasted like mayonnaise. Bottom line, i suggest this place to satisfy your Chinese food craving that doesn't involve heading to Panda Express!
5	Was looking for a good late night Chinese food off strip. This place has generous portions, is open till midnight, has good authentic Chinese food (I am not one of those people that would ever order orange chicken), and the service is good and the food reasonably priced too! Will definitely plan to stop by in the future if I'm in Vegas and craving Chinese food.
5	Excellent REAL chinese food at an affordable price.
4	Looking for a new chinese food joint after our neighborhood place, Full Ho, closed at 95 and Jones.  Checked Yelp and decided to give this a try.  Went for lunch with my brother and ordered from the lunch specials, plus an extra apetizer of moo shu pork.  I had the mongolian beef and my brother had the chicken with lemon sause.  Both came with fried rice and a spring roll.  Large portions priced right.  The food was all excellent, flovorful, spicey and great service.  This is my new place to go!
5	Had a craving for some authentic Chinese food while visiting.  Food Express Chinese is an unexpected gem not too far of a drive from the Vegas strip.  Great classics dishes and some with a twist.  Their staff is friendly and attentive.  I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
5	My family favorite restaurant since 2000!!! Still loving it! The hong kong style seafood chow mein the best!!!!
4	Do you ever wonder how many crappy places you have to try to find a good place if it Yelp doesn't exist? Dude, it's unfathomable!!! (is it a word or did i just made that up?) Anyway, I was so hungry one day last week and craving some pan fried noddle, and it was closed to midnight. I didn't think any Chinese restaurants were still open but I went on Yelp anyway. Voila, I found Food Express Chinese Restaurant and they opened until midnight. I called them on the phone and ordered Chinese broccoli and beef pan fried noddle and salt/peper pork chops to go. The guy taking order said they're closing soon and I need to be there within 10 min. I said "no problem". Good thing there were barely any cars on the road, so I got there with 2 min to spare. The pan fried noodle was sooooo good. Crunch noodle, soft beef and cai lan (Chinese broccoli). The salt/peper pork chop was crunchy on the outside and yet juicy inside. Will definitely come back to this place to try other items later. One tip: Reheating salt/peper pork chop through either microwave or toaster oven will yield the same result, which is stringy stale pork chop. :=)
2	After reading some of the previous reviews, this place is over rated. Had lunch today and ordered WOR won ton soup, Cashew Chicken, Beef Broccoli, Combo Fried Rice and the Walnut Shrimp. Really disappointed in the won ton soup...it looked good...it just didn't have any umph to it...the rest of the food was...shall I say...americanized?CJ Palace in Sparks, NV...now there's some good chinese food.
3	This is decent, average Chinese food.  Nothing great, but certainly nothing bad.  Possibly a tad over-priced for the quality, but not the quantity.
4	We ate here once years ago ,because my wife's friend recommended it, and it was good, but with so many restaurants we kinda forgot about this place , until I ran into a few reviews on yelp so we went back.            We had the chicken chow mein very good wok flavor still not my favortie type of noodles the spaghetti looking ones but the flavor was really good , I can overlook the noodles.           The salted pork chop was fried perfectly , not greasy and tasty I can't help but think it would be much better with a sauce, next time i'll ask for hoisin or sweet n sour sauce.          The stuffed tofu in black bean sauce very good ,the tofu was stuffed with shrimp and the sauce was really good.          We also had the broccoli beef the waiter ask if we wanted american broccoli or chinese broc I had to smile, hmm? chinese restaurant ,what do you think ?  Very good dish flavors very good.             Now for the only downer of the night,  the roast duck was kinda blah did not taste fresh to me.  Overall a very good restaurant and we will be back .
4	Food Express is my go to Chinese restaurant when I'm in Las Vegas.  A lot of regulars come here instead of the busy Spring Mountain hub bub, as do I, because the people here truly appreciate the business when you walk inside their doors unlike some others in the Chinatown area.  The people here are really nice, and despite not having been there awhile, they know when you been there before.  It's nice to be recognized as a regular!Now, don't let the name fool you.  This is no Panda Express.  This is a real Chinese restaurant that just so happens to make your food fast.  Hence the name, Food Express Chinese Restaurant.Although I've tried a lot of dishes here, the one dish that makes me keep coming back for more is the EGGPLANT W/ GARLIC SAUCE (clay pot).  You cant pass it up, trust me!  I would also recommend the Chicken & Corn Flour Soup and Roast Duck.  I can't ever see myself going to Food Express and not order at least one of those items.  Good people and good food.  What more do you need?
5	While visiting Las Vegas, my husband and I had a craving for Chinese food, but we were not familiar with the area so we decided to yelp for a  Chinese restaurant  and came up with this restaurant.   At first we were hesitant to go to a restaurant with the name express, because most of the time express means cheap and quick food.  We decided to take the chance anyways and was not disappointed.  The food was very good and the service was not bad at all, maybe because it wasn't  too busy when we were there but anyways we got our food on time and our glasses of water was constantly refilled.  Over all I really love this place.. we will be back soon.
4	Good, authentic Cantonese food (I'm from HK).  We were given complimentary soup (traditional brothy vegetable/beef soup) and dessert (red bean soup). Reasonable prices.  I'll be back!
5	The food here is fantastic.  Because of the name, I was expecting more of a casual restaurant.  This place is actually a full-service Chinese sit-down restaurant. They even have the tanks of live seafood. I grabbed some takeout to take back to my hotel.  It was ready very quickly and it was pretty inexpensive.  I ordered 5 items and it was about $40.  The portions were also huge.  They threw in about 5 lbs of steamed rice for free.  The fried pork chops were amazing.  I couldn't eat them fast enough.  They were perfectly crispy and not greasy at all.The combo fried rice was very good and full of flavor.The mabo tofu was tasty with a spicy kick.  It wasn't overly oily.The pork chow mein was very good as well.  The portion was very large and there was plenty of pork. The mongolian beef was nice and spicy and had a very good, bold flavor.I really enjoyed the food here.  The staff was nice and helpful.  The portions were large and the prices were great.  Each item was around $8 and I the portion was large enough to fill one of those large styrofoam take-out boxes.  I wish that this place was closer to me so I could go here more often.  I am going to make sure to eat here every time I travel to Vegas!
3	Not bad, not great. I ordered a shrimp egg foo young which wasn't on the menu. Got charged $11.95 which I think is a bit much for egg foo young. There were only like 6 shrimp in the whole meal and they were in the gravy, not baked into the egg foo young like most places I have eaten at. The fried rice was also just ok. Overall it was like $22 for all of this which is too much in my opinion.
4	You want authentic Chinese food well this is the place and the portions are so huge. I used to live in NY and I know Chinese food. I had food for dinner that night and lunch the next day.I ordered the shrimp and broccoli with chicken fried rice and it was so good I could not stop eating, and my husband had some beef dish(can't remember right now). They bring you soup, egg rolls ad hot tea before your meal. This place is great.
2	wow... i dont know if this place went down hill or is just bad. i will never EVER be going back...the soup at the beginning is piece of corn in corn syrup essentially. not even swallowable without alone ediblenext came the entries, chicken and broc and kung pow chicken. the kung pow chicken actually wasnt bad, it wasnt good, but it was ok. the chicken and broc however... the sauce was wayyyy to gingery, the broc was way undercooked and hard, and i had pieces of raw chicken.... on top of that.... in there "seafood tank" 3 were empty and 1 had all dead prawns in it.... gross....  (atleast 7)absolutely vile. only reason its getting a 2 instead of a one is because the spring rolls were decent and the kung pow chicken was "ok"
4	We were looking for Chinese for lunch on a Saturday & was very pleased.  The food was great & service was excellent.  Prices were average. Will visit again!
4	Good, eggplant stuffed tofu, black bean pork chop with Mandarin sauce on side, combination chow fun, beef with Chinese broccoli all good favorites.  My husband and mother in law are with me today and we always defer to my husband for ordering.  He picked a good menu and the my mother in law still talking about the pork chops.  Good quick service, prices are good, food is excellent.
4	Enjoyed dinner here on new years eve 2011. We got there early so it wasn't too crowded. Ordered the fish fillet with black bean sauce, choi sum with garlic, half a duck, and pan fried noodles with seafood. That was a lot of food for two people but it was so good! Good food, great service. I highly recommend this mom and pop shop.
4	Went to Vegas with a group of 20 and searching for Chinese Food....Thanks for Anita Lau's recommendation....we found Food Express Chinese Restaurant.The service was super friendly and we ordered several dishes to share.Their Peking duck was really juicy and the skin was very crispy. Everyone loved that.We also tried their dried scallop fried rice with egg white....super yummy!The salt & pepper pork chop was on the greasy side but the taste was good.Gai lan with Garlic was very tasty...fresh and lots of garlic!My least favorite was the Mongolian beef....the beef texture was kind of strange and too thick.Overall, the experience was pleasant. I will definitely go back to try other dishes.
5	My daughter and I stumbled onto this place one night and it was awesome! The wait was short, the food was inexpensive and delicious. Plus, many of the diners were actually speaking "the language" of the servers. That's always a good sign, in my opinion.
5	A great, authentic, great tasting chinese restaurant. My favorite dish is the Salt & pepper pork chops. The mandarin pork chops are also really good. I have been coming here for 10 plus years. They are great for groups.
4	The food here was exceptional! The staff was friendly as well as helpful. Our party of eight was helped quickly and pricing was very affordable in a town where a $100 meal can be unjustly over priced. Will definitely be back next Vegas trip! 4 stars because I just haven't been to a place that's worth 5 yet.
3	During my recent trip to Vegas I figure I'll steer off the usual path and see what the locals truly enjoy here... Looked up online and found Food Express and decided to give it a go...Despite the fact that I've already had an early dinner, I was craving some salt and pepper pork chops so that was my target all along!  Well... gotta say that their S&P pork chop was pretty good... but since I'm from LA, I guess I've had similar quality?  But nevertheless it was made pretty tasty.I wanted to try other dishes so there will most likely be a future review from my next trip...  Thus hopefully increasing the star rating at least one star higher...If the food is good, you may ask why I gave it a 3 stars?  To me... if a customer gives you a bill to break for your bill even though it's not much of a change, you should always give back the change and let the customer decide what to do with the rest of the money... well, the guy hands me my food and said thank you....  I was going to give him the tip anyway but I didn't understand why he didn't place it in the tray and let me make that decision.... why does he have to make that decision for me?  Yes... I'm Asian, but I definitely would never do that because the change is still "not my money until given"  So that irked me quite a bit even if it's a little bit of chump change...Hopefully my next visit all the food will be fanstastic and that they will actually give me my change back.... if not, I'm gonna once again raise hell on yelp about it for sure!Don't mind my rant.... enjoy your hot and crispy pork chops!
3	Tried this place for lunch a few weeks back based on the Yelp reviews, and SOLELY on Yelp reviews as based on principal alone I don't think I'd ever randomly walk into a place called "Food Express"   Just on a whim I could come up with at least 515,129 better names (list coming soon!), but I digress....Not sure how others use Yelp but I like to type my address and then find the Highest Rated and "Best Matches" within driving distance.   This one kept coming up extremely high on the Best Match list.   Sold.I then like to find the dishes most people seem to agree on.   Salt and Pepper Pork Chops.   Check.    Called it in and picked it up 15 minutes later.   So far so good.  Upon trying the pork chops, I was slightly underwhelmed.   Perhaps I had too high of expectations?   They were definitely tasty, but I thought they did seem a little greasy/gristly as I was eating them, and they didn't scream "freshly prepared" to me based on the lack of warmth.   Did I eat them all anyway?   Shut up.So yeah, definitely tasty, not quite as impressive as I was hoping I'd find them, and I havent mentioned it yet but the price was a good value for the amount of food I got.Won't be in any rush to try it again but it also wouldn't take an act of God to make me try it again (hello Applebees)
4	I had dinner here at a recommendation from a local person I spoke to at a department store. This is my dinner and feed back:- Spring rolls were good but not great as they lacked enough spices for my taste.- Pork fried rice was good and I would definitely order it again.- Kung Pow chicken was very good with just the right amount of spicy flavor for me.- Mongolian beef was also very good although just a slight bit too salty but I think that comes from the soy sauce reduction when cooking.All in all nice sized portions as it was just me and they did not cut back on portion size for one person so I had left overs for the next two days. In closing I would eat here again if I have another rental care when in Vegas.
5	This place is dynamite. I got the pork fried rice on my first visit. Full of veggies just how I like it. I plan to return to this place. well worth it.
3	Most of my visits here have been for lunch.  You need to ask for the lunch menu and it has some great deals.  I always get the lo mein.  The noodles are great and the dish is flavorful.  The fried rice is always good and i'm a sucker for old-school egg rolls.  I have had take out at night that hasn't been very good.
4	Great Chinese food for a reasonable amount of money! I have been coming here for years... Best Chinese in Las Vegas, hands down!
5	My family and I always come to this restaurant for the delicious food, fast service and great employees. Even though it's far from where we live, the family dinners here make the drive worth it.
4	Don't let the bland name fool you, the food inside is quite good.  I went last week for lunch with 8 of my closest friends (co-workers).  Our big boss had tried it the week before and wanted us all to go for an office lunch.  A lot of different food was ordered.  Pot stickers, kung pow chicken, sweet and sour pork, cashewnut chicken, sauteed fish and vegetables, shrimp with brocoli, Mongolian beef, chicken chop suey, and chicken wrapped in lettuce.  The soup served to all was a cup of hot and sour soup.  Not my favorite but good nonetheless.  For $4.95 most of us got a plate of fried rice, an egg roll, our entree, and the soup.  Don't forget the pot of green tea.  It was delicious.  I was full for hours after leaving.  That is a big deal for me.  Most of my co-workers ordered from the lunch menu.  If you focus on that, there is a good selection but nothing when compared to the grand scheme of things.  The rest of the menu is huge.  They have live fish and lobster to choose from.  There are squid dishes.  Abalone.  Sea cucumber.   I even saw jelly fish listed under the apetizer section.  This place is the real deal and worth checking out.  I plan to go back.
4	Great  and authentic  Chinese food. I would recommend their fried rice and their Hong Kong noodles. They also offer the option for you to eat  fresh lobsters!!! If you are craving Chinesse food I would recommend thisplace. services: FairPrice: FairBad thing: They only offer can sodas- no refills :(good thing:  If you want some beer or saki with your meal.. guess what? they have it!
4	Yummy! The hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had. The shrimp fried rice with tofu added was amazing. Delicious. We will be back!!
5	My favorite Chinese spot in town!!! Legit and very tasty Asian Cuisine is surved here every night. When I want real Chinese, not Panda, this is where I end up. I highly recommend it!
1	Waited almost an hour to sit down and waited. I asked the waiter if the wait would be much longer. The waiter began to yell at me to go somewhere else if I can't wait, "there's a lot of people and we're busy". I asked him not to yell and at me & walked away. I told my family, let's go. We've been here many many times before and I can promise you, this was our last.
5	This place has the best Chinese food, PERIOD.  I love the unassuming title, building exterior, location, etc.  But don't let all that fool you.  Food Express knows Chinese food, and they make it fantastic.  Their prices are more than reasonable for quality Chinese food with generous portion sizes.  The potstickers are divine, as is the Mongolian beef, orange chicken, walnut shrimp and BBQ pork fried rice.  The chicken corn soup is lovely, as well as the chicken or pork soft noodles.  But the real star of the show is the SALT AND PEPPER PORK.  These crispy, salty, piggy bites of Heaven are so addicting.  Friend will become foe battling over the last piece, so do yourself a favor and order extra! The staff is always welcoming and accommodating; even laughed when my four year-old laid out on the chairs in the front door area from food coma.  This Chinese food is as good as it gets.
4	We used to come here (small place, could qualify as a "Hole In The Wall") a long time ago, before the Chinatown district was established (family and ex) but hadn't been here recently until last night's takeout visit. I wanted soup again (ok, it's cold outside), so Wor Won Ton Soup it was, for dinner last night. I remembered that the food was really good. We were around the corner doing some grocery shopping. Open 7 days a week. The filled parking lot ensured a crowd inside- just a few tables. A large menu with the basic Chinese dishes such as Fried Rice, Chow Mein, etc. and exotic dishes like Shark's Fin Soup and Pig Intestines. Since my long absence from this restaurant, another location opened inside the Palace Station casino which I think is related, and closer to my house.This clear broth soup had shrimp, chicken, pieces of squid, white fish, roasted pork, broccoli, and carrots. My husband added salt. I am watching my salt, though not as so strict as when I was pregnant. I liked it- the seafood was a nice surprise. The broccoli was tender but not mushy. The size/amount was good enough for two people to share it. (We also had leftover rice from the previous night, from a different restaurant.)
5	Food Express Chinese Restaurant is truly a hidden secret. The food taste really good and the price are well worth it. I found this restaurant by looking it up on Yelp. The ratings where good so I decided to give it a chance. The portions sizes are good and the if you are in the mood for fresh fish they have fish tanks' with live fish swimming around. Just point to the one you want to eat and in a few minutes you get fresh fish.
4	Just to clarify, this is not a fast food place, or an Americanized Chinese take-out counter: it's a (small, straightforward) restaurant. The food here is fantastic. Take a clue from the regulars - get the combination noodles, the salt and pepper pork chops, and an order of roast duck. It's all very rich and flavorful, without being overwhelming - there's no skimping on the salt or soy sauce here, but it's all in good taste, especially when you can eat half of what you order, and take the rest home. It's great food at highly competitive prices - most dishes hover around the $8-12 range, and the servings are generous.  The staff is polite, and they seem to be genuinely concerned about you and your visit. They took the time to entertain the to-go customers as they waited for their orders, which was cute to see. It's evident that the food and good service have won them such a following despite the saturation of restaurants in nearby Chinatown.
5	Crispy chicken a must!!!!
5	best mongolian beef anywhere, swear....
5	My family has been going here for years..great food, calamari, salt/pepper porkchop and the house special pan friend chow mein is our regular.  Location is awkward because its right next to swapmeet and Subway, but its a great place to eat.
3	My experience here wasn't as great as I thought it would be based on the number of average stars Food Express has for the number of reviews.  We had a language problem a couple of times last night.I ordered the moo shu pork for an appetizer for the two of us and chicken with green beans for a main course, also to be shared.  The moo shu was brought out in a relatively quick time.  There were four plump pancakes filled with goodness.  It appears that Food Express used the tortilla like wrappers instead of the thinner, traditional pancakes.  The rolls were flavorful but before we even had one eaten, the server was back with our main course.  I hate that so much.When the chicken arrived, it was not chicken with green beans but chicken with broccoli.  That was a language problem or simply an error on the server's part.  We took the meal.  I wouldn't waste that food for one vegetable.When we were finished, I asked if there was a dessert menu.  The server mumbled something, pointed to the kitchen, and then left the table.  A few minutes later, he came back with two small bowls of warmed, sweetened red bean soup which was our dessert I guess but he never said anything more.My wife didn't care for her dessert so I finished two.  I'm glad it was small.There are many things on the menu I'd love to try but I'm a little gun shy.  I'm not sure I'll be back.  Spring Mountain Road, I think I'll go your direction next time.
4	4 star just to be humble and leave room for development, otherwise perfect 5.
5	5 stars on the food, however, there is one employee an older evil looking, never smiling staunch owner and/or manager with no personality, who runs the business like a friggin Nazi. every other staff member is a gem, very nice, there is always 1-bad apple though. Came in with an autistic brother who sorta stood around and rocked before immediately sitting down, so this guy tells my brother a 40 year old grown man. Sit. Sit Down, Sit here. Go ahead and sit. like he was ordering him to stop standing around. I had to yell at the employee and say Leave Him alone, he will sit when he gets good and ready!!!!   Geesh some people really have issues, I asked for one of the younger waiters 2 very handsome Chinese boys.   very good food that's why I didn't leave immediately...
5	The food is always prepared excellent even at lunch when busy Theres a group of us who orders lunch every Friday always good especially the sweet and sour chicken
3	Reviews are positive and pictures made the food seem both traditional and legit, so I dared to phone in a late-night order to go: combination pan fried noodle (BF's fave!) and an app of the fried shrimp balls (because duh- shrimp balls, yo).Was told it would be ready in 10 minutes. That's like Jimmy Johns fast.The drive alone took me nearly 10 minutes because I didn't know where it was- it's easy enough to find though, adjacent to the drive-thru Subway on Decatur. Interior of restaurant initially smells like the Subway it's next to- very odd. Service is about what you'd expect from a Chinese restaurant with four large tables of Asian families dining on traditional dishes. That is to say, lackluster service. Somehow I even had to ask for chopsticks. I was a little bummed that they didn't include fortune cookies with my check as they did for dine-in customers. Oh well, it was late (almost 10:30).Got home and was pleasantly surprised by the packaging; the corners of the shrimp balls' styrofoam box were removed to vent so that the condensation didn't build up and make them mushy. And the crispy pan fried noodle was in a box alone, with the accompanying gravy in a lidded soup cup. Genius!Plated the noodles and gravy, and BF tore in. It was super, super hot (temperature) despite getting there a little late and making the trek home. Hot and delicious, though I prefer a few more veggies than I got. The shrimp balls though, were legit. Small and crispy and shrimpy and tasty, with a cup of that pinkish red sauce that wasn't too ketchuppy but just right.Would order from here again. Seems like it may be worth dining in next time.
5	Food is amazing,  hubby and I love this place, they are always fast and we are pleased everytime.
5	Food is excellent!  Everything was fresh and prices are very reasonable. One of my top favorite Chinese restaurants in Vegas!
5	I forgot about this hidden gem they have been around for quite awhile. I use to eat here all the time when I worked close by that was years ago. The food has not only stayed at the same quality but the portions have to and to my amazement the prices havent gone up too much. Food Express kills most places in China town when it comes to the quality and taste of their food. Every item we ordered was so fresh and full of flavor. Hell even the mushu appatizer was the best i have had.Then you add in that it's almost half the price of every place in China town. It's a no brainer Food Express best Chinese resteraunt in town hands down. Your doing yourself a true injustice if you haven't been here. O and another thing to add our server was great to which I know this place in the past is known for bad service. Not now when Ronnie is working you will be taken care of.
5	This is a must visit for my parents whenever they visit me in Vegas and I have started to go there quite a bit myself even though its quite a drive for me.  The food is authentic and tasty and they don't put their thumbs on the scale.  We always order a pound and a half of live shrimp and its often larger than other chinese restaurants' two pound orders.  The crab in salt and pepper is always exceptional.  I personally really enjoy the hong kong crispy noodles and the salt and pepper pork chops.  Yeah, its not in a great area (near the swap meet), but its well worth the drive.  Oh yeah, the prices are exceptional.  I have had some of the best chinese in the world and for the price, this is one of the best.
4	For the most part, the food was ok, nothin really phenomenal, the name of the restaurant does say "Express", so expect some short cuts in the cuisine.The prices seem to be in the average for the Chinese food industry here in Vegas.They have a menu for a quick lunch plate or, you can dine in for Family style dining.I don't want to judge to harshly but I know my 808 peoples from Hawaii may not like this Americanized version of chinese food.So, here's what a group of us locals from the islands ordered:Gau Gee [Potstickers] : umm, obviously it was the frozen brand you can find in the asian section of most grocery stores. Pan Fried.Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings: definitely the rockstar of our meal - because there were 9 of us, we order 4 portions! :)Orange Chicken : it was like eating Chicken tenders in Orange Sauce with Orange segments as garnish, very basic and simple presentation.Mongolian Beef: This was good - definitely give this one a thumbs up.Hong King Style Short Ribs: Skip this one - nothing like how it's supposed to be, instead you get a breaded version of pork spare ribs drowned in sweet and sour sauce.  Just order the regular sweet and sour pork and save yourself the trouble of having to bite into bones and cartilage.Deep fried Chicken - Half Order : Just like its name. Needed ketchup...Pan Fried Noodles [Beef & Seafood] - Both selections were pretty good.Egg Drop Soup: Egg Drop Soup - 'Nuff Said :)The waitstaff are friendly and pretty attentive, you do have to request the Chinese Hot mustard and chopsticks, our waiter was smiling and knew we weren't from the states, he stated only people not from the states order those items.I gave 4 stars because the Family Dining experience was a nice laid back atmosphere, the food portions are adequate, and the look and feel of the restaurant was typical of its kind and clean.However, I felt the food was pretty average - but for some dishes, not in a positive way.I would definitely come back for the wings when I have wing cravings, but I think this is and will be, a onetime stop for my O'Hana and I.
4	This little Mom & Pop spot is delicious and affordable. You can never go wrong with the salt & pepper pork chop or their salt & pepper shrimp. They used to have a short rib stew, but unfortunately, they no longer serve it.
5	I LOVE this place. My boyfriend introduced me to this hidden gem and I have become addicted to it! They serve the best wor wonton soup in town! The people are always nice and offer great service.
5	Since finding Food Express about 2 yrs ago, we have not been let down yet.  We have always ordered pick-up 'to-go' food from them.  Best reasonably priced Chinese food off the Strip, and after so far haven't found better!!
3	The food was good with the exception of one item.   However much better than a Panda Express.   Open late which was nice but the staff is not overly friendly.   Because I prefer all white meat,  I was disappointed the only item was the General Tsao menu item.   I ordered it and it was a deep fried half cut chicken.   No flavor and I had to pick the meat off the bones with two forks. Everything else we ordered was good.   Be aware they have an older man with a scowl on his face and others have commented that he's not friendly.   Although he was there,  fortunately we didn't have him as our waiter.
1	While the food is good,  my experience with the wait staff was extremely disappointing.  I was with a group of six so when the bill was brought to the table we added a 20% tip and divided by six.  We each contributed the appropriate amount in cash and triple checked for accuracy.  The busboy came and took the tray with the $168 in cash.  Shortly afterward our waiter returned to the table and slammed the tray down, accusing use of not leaving him a tip. His voice was was so loud patrons at surrounding tables turned to view the scene.  When we explained we had left him a substantial tip he all but called us liers.  No matter how we explained what we thought had happened,  the waiter refused to believe us and continued treating us rudely.  One member of our group was so embarrassed over the incident,  he left an additional $25.Since the staff is mostly family, a customers explanation holds little valuevalue. I seriously doubt I or my friends will ever return.
3	I went here from work to eat lunch. As you walk inside you can see all the tanks with lobster and crab and different kinds of fish on the menu. I wanted to get chow me in instead of rice and they wouldn't su substitute even for an additional fee I had to order an entire order of noodles if I wanted them. They waiter was rude and seemed to steer clear of us the whole time. The food was only decent. For their outrageous prices for such mediocre food, I'll probably not return.
5	Updating to 5 Stars Revisited yesterday for my birthday. Perfect this time!!!!- 1st ReviewOnly because I have had better Chinese in LA. The food was good, service was kind of slow today. Took 10 mins to get our Check. Also Orange Chicken was brought to our table sitting  for 15 mins with the Spring Rolls. Finally after 15 mins they brought us our Pork Rice, Beef and Broccoli. I will be going back hopefully next time it wont be as busy. Definitely the best Chinese in Vegas. Mos def check it at yall...lol
5	No one has mentioned the crispy fried oysters, which are amazing. I love this place. Soups are big enough for four so take some home. My wife loves the honey walnut shrimp. Pretty much everything is good, but I always go in expecting to try something new, but I cannot get away from the enormous, moist, flavorful, crisp oysters served on a bed of lettuce with a dish of salt. Incredible. Another winner is the crispy duck, perfectly prepared. Since I am having the oysters I order the duck to take home for another meal. If someone or Yelp didn't tell you about this place you would pass it right by. Do yourself a favor. One of my favorite restaurants in the world.
3	Came here the other day and had Michael K order for me while I went to the ATM. While trying to order take out for us, the server was kind of rude to him for no apparent reason, so don't come here expecting good service or anything. Not that this place is nice either because it's tiny and literally a hole in the wall. I'm really glad we got our food to go instead of eating here!The food was aight...been to Chinese places that give a lot bigger portions though, even if it's a lunch special. The Mongolian beef I got was mostly green onion and other veggie fillers and not much beef. The fried rice tasted almost like white rice with grease and veggies in it, but the spring roll was surprisingly good. Lunch specials run Monday through Fridays 11 am to 3 pm and range from $5.95 to 6.25 depending on what you order. It's a pretty good deal but I hope you like lots of veggies!Not sure if I'll come back again, perhaps...definitely can see why it's not located on Spring Mountain because nobody would go
2	I really used to love this place but I just went there and service and food sucked. First we sat down and asked for iced tea he brought us hot tea and said it's complimentary. Ok cool can I still have a iced tea. He said no so I laughed and said can I have some ice then and was told no agian.  Wth anyways I was just thinking well whatever at least I know the food is good so I order the honey walnut shrimp.  So it came out and it was a small portion for 12.95 and soggy.  Oh ya and had just tasted like it was tosed in mayo no honey. Well needless to say they lost my business.
5	I found this place about 15+ years ago and always come back!   The food is fresh,  tasty and service is always great.
