5	So glad I decided to try out this filipino restaurant for lunch today!!!  The place was nice and clean.  Very spacious.  The food was in those buffet line looking warmer, and they have so many varieties.  The chairs were kinda uncomfortable though.  There was no cushion.  But after eating the food, I forgot about the non-cush for my tush.  Pancit Palabok-The noodles were bigger than the ones I had before at Jollibee or Goldilocks.  It had a nice thick layer of pork rinds on top.  This adds texture and flavor to this awesome dish.  We asked for 6 wedges of lemon and squeeze them all on this dish, mix it around and wa la!!!  Pure DELICIOUSNESS!!!!  I must say this is the best pancit palabok I have eaten!Lechon Kawali (Pan Roasted Pork)-roasted nicely with the right amount of crispiness to it.  Wasn't hard at all.  I usually get this at the chinese bbq restaurants, but this is a contender.  Wow, I am pleasantly surprise.  Love this.Beef Caldereta (Filipino Beef Stew)-I recently decided to eat as little beef as possible, but I did try this.  The chunks of beef was tender, the stew was nice and comforting, with the yummy taste of different veggies that it was simmered in.  I somehow tasted a peanutty flavor, in which I was never a fan of peanuts.  However, this is still a nicely composed dish.  Pork Adobo-So good!  I love tender pork.  What can I say?  Who doesn't right?  Full of flavor.  Yummy!Dinuguan (Pork blood stew)-The color may look scary to some (ME!), but it's a savory stew of blood and meat simmered in a thick, spicy gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili and vinegar.  I am one to experiment with food so I tried it.  It's bursting with flavors!  Halo Halo-This was yummy too!!!  It has the typical beans in the Halo Halo, the ice was easy to chew, and it has a scoop of halo halo ice cream on top.  It was missing the rice crispies though.  I found a small chunk of banana it it...which was a bit different then the ones I had at Goldilocks and Jollibee.  But I still enjoyed it.The staff were very friendly and helpful.Food was flavorful...Love Them!!!!!!  Yay, this is my favorite Philipino Food Place!!!Oh, and the 2 items with rice is only for $5.49...So cheap and yummy!!!!
3	I tried this place out because one of our friends ordered party trays at their party of the Pork Adobo, and it was a hit!  We wanted to see and try this place.....Location -  very interesting - tucked away and not easiest to findDecoration  - very simple, but comfortable and large enough to have large parties.Food - more buffet based, what is cooked is in the large aluminum trays on heaters, so this is what is available. If you go at wrong times, you are not going to get what you may want.Menu - Good Selection, but based on what is already cooked.  Checked out the selection of baked goods available for sale too.  Service - You are served at the food line and they know their stuff and will let you try some things. Ask questions and they are very helpful.Overall, nice place to try out filipino food, and the food quality is good for sure.  I just found it to be very salty for my taste, and a bit on the expensive side.  However, I will try it again for sure.
4	I came back for more, but this time, they ran out of what I really wanted to eat or don't have what I've been looking for.Binagoongan-this is pork in salted shrimp paste.  I really wanted to eat this dish, but they didn't cook it today either.  They did recommend me something that is kinda similar and gave me a taste of it but since there is a peanut butter taste, I didn't like too much.Ok, that's fine, so I wanted the lechon, but they ran out :(So for my two items with rice, I chose the safe route and got the pork adobo.  Yum yum like the first time.  For the second item, I asked the guy there whether the fried fish or intestine taste better, and he said the intestine.  It was kind of salty.  I kinda stayed away from this after a few bites.  These fried intestines could definitely be made with less salt.Their lumpia shanghai was good.  Nice little appetizer to munch on.I tried the melon cooler this time, and it was pretty decent.  I will order it again.So lesson learned, call them prior to making a visit to see what they got cooking.  Service is still awesome.
3	Had lunch here today. The place is brand new; they are still setting up all their decorations. Well, maybe that's their Christmas stuff.Anyway, it's your standard Filipino buffet-style layout. It was $5-something for two items with rice. I went with Menudo and Sinigang. I'm a bit of a quail egg addict, so when I saw all those quail eggs on top of the Menudo, I was sold. Unfortunately, I only got one. Boo. Both of the items were as good as I would hope. I also got their Melon drink (cantaloupe) and it was delicious.I like the decor of the place. It feels friendly, inviting, and clean! They have a couple of TVs in the back - one for you to get your TFC or GMA or whatever fix and the other was playing ESPNews.I like this place enough to return. It's a good drive from work, but it's on my lunch list.3.5 stars (Sorry Teri C... I'm going to start biting your style... when necessary)
3	This place just opened up near my house so one day the BF and I stopped by for a snack:-2 Chicken Barbecue Sticks- Good but I think I would prefer it if my stick wasn't double dunked in the sauce- sauce overload but good-Lumpia (eggrolls)- Salty Good (I like salty, better than bland) The lumpia was goodI look forward to trying the pancit and veggie eggrollsThe inside is clean and service is fast- I can't stand the smell though- not a typical bad smell just a strong food smell- so I will take my food to go
4	Disclaimer:  This review is written by a non-Filipino....I have eaten at Fiesta Filipina three times now.  The first time I was there, the pancit was the best I'd ever eaten, and the BBQ chicken was just marvelous.  I am a sucker for pancit, so I ate it the next 2 times I was there...but something had changed.  The 2nd time, it was so full of big celery chunks, that's about all that was in it.  The noodles were a lot thinner than before (and clumped together), and I literally had 2 small pieces of chicken in it.  The 3rd time it was better than the 2nd, but still not as good as the first time....I guess it depends on who makes it.  Also on our 3rd visit, my BBQ chicken was very cold.My husband likes their lechon (sp?), and has had it twice.  He has also had the sinigang, and I tasted some.  (Honestly, I like my hubby's better, but he said it was good).The fried plaintains (not sure the proper name for them) are wonderful!Overall, I think (other than the pancit), that their portion size is just a bit on the small size.Taste:  Pretty good, but some consistency issues.The place looks very nice, although we have always gotten our food to go, so I cannot comment on how comfortable it is.Will definitely go again.....but am losing patience on the consistency of their pancit.
4	Got homesick in the office this afternoon, and had a real hankering for some authentic Filipino food.  Luckily for me, it's right around the corner from my work.  Walked in, and  was actually impressed by the clenliness and decoration of the establishment.  They had a great selection on the steam table, and none of the food looked like it had been there for three days.  Got the sinigang, and they make it just how I love it, sour.  Will make this a regular lunch spot for sure.
3	I've been waiting for a good Filipino food place since I've moved to Vegas (having refused to learn how to cook it properly myself). This place is like a rebound SO; it won't replace your true love, but it helps ease the sting of not having them. Their food wasn't just like home cooking, but tasted close enough that I would come back.For my first visit, I went very basic:Lumpia shanghai: Good recipe, but they need to either cook smaller batches or keep them warmer b/c lukewarm definitely decreases taste.Sinigang beef: Nice moderate tamarind flavor that will be easily tolerated by the masses (my ideal sinigang is super sour, so I'm not going to knock points off because this one wasn't). Beef was very tender and fell right off the bones. Turon: Same as the lumpia (need to keep these puppies warmer!). Also, would have liked to see some jackfruit mixed in to up the sweetness level. Pancit bihon: Nice consistency to the noodles (not too soggy). Nice ambiance inside too with the ABS-CBN blaring from a nice flatscreen. People unfamiliar w/ Filipino food beware: it's buffet style service a la Panda Express, but without the helpful placards telling you what the dishes are.
3	I had a craving for Filipino food after work, so I decided to finally make a visit to Fiesta Filipina Cuisine. I have been driving past this place and I was curious to try it. I walked in and first noticed the shelves full of baked Filipino goods. I was really tempted to pick up several packages of kutchinta (orange sticky rice flour cake) or puto (white rice cake), but I had to refocus and remind myself why I was there.I was there for fast, to-go Filipino food. And that is what I got. I was immediately greeted by the friendly lady behind the counter and she knew what I wanted. "Combination platter?" Yes, please.Out of the 12 or so dishes, I chose my usual favs: kare kare (peanut sauce stew with oxtail/beef) and sinigang (a tamarind sour soup with beef and vegetables). I also got suckered into a large piece of toron (fried banana egg roll).The food overall was pretty good. I can't help but compare it to my mom or lola's cooking. The sinigang was the best of it all. I'd go back for that alone. I was kind of disappointed that the kare kare didn't have tripe in it, but I can't blame them keeping it out for mainstream purposes. And the toron was a little burnt, but the taste wasn't bad.In the end, I would return here to fulfill a spontaneous Filipino craving and to purchase some of those desserts on the shelves. I also saw that they have crispy pata, which really excites me. I wanted to order it then, but I couldn't justify buying that large delicious hunk of fried crispy pork all for myself. ...or can I?
2	I live near this place so if I'm ever desperate...it's a good default place.  I finally stopped by to try it and see if I will be coming here a lot. I guess I will only go if I am around that area and if at all. I park and the outside looks inviting.  Lots of decor that reminds me of home.  (Philippines)  The decor inside was very native and warm.  The place looks clean and the TV was on and OMG what a surpise TFC was on.  (I don't really care about the TFC part-lol)There was a guy behind the counter who was not very talkative until I asked for what i chose.  TILAPIA- good, crispy and was flour dipped which was nice and helped keep its crunchiness.MONGO- kinda thin, the pork fat was really more fat, lacked flavor, bland and had bokchoy (?).  I guess I''m used to ampalaya and spinach.  DINUGUAN-was not cooked enough and the "timpla" was not right.  I guess it was authentic since they used a lot of non-meaty parts (prob belly and and fatty stuff since it's cheaper).VEGETABLE LUMPIA-nice and big, however greasy and lacked flavor.PORK SIOPAO- all dough and not much filling.  You can tell where they skimped on quality and lack of taste.   I will try one more time and maybe different dish.  - then I'll just add an addendum to my review.
4	The ladies at Fiesta Filipina were very patient with me. As I pointed to something they described what it was. I was very pleased with my selections. I have had Pancit and Lumpia, so I was able to try something new. I'm sorry but I don't know the names of the dishes, but I will do my best to try and explain what I got. I got something like beef stew, w/ rice that was very good, along with some pork with gravy w/ rice, this was a little salty, but it was still good. The lumpia was OK, and I loved the pancit. I also got the fried banana's wasn't my cup of tea, I liked it without the bananas I thought for all the food I got it was very reasonable!
5	I LOVE FIESTA FILIPINA. me and my plus 1, went 3 days in 1 week once! i they're setup is buffet line and you pick and choose your selections. each menu item may be a different price, but they also have combination plates. had different selections every time i went and thats what fun about this place, every time you come try something different! pork bbq sticks are juicer and have more flavor than chicken bbq sticks. rice of course and sinagang (soup) they make it just like how my grandma use to make it! the soup itself is complimentary so ask for just the broth and soak your rice! the other times, we ordered fried fish and he ordered fried pork.. i'm not a fan of fried pork but fried fish with the soy sauce/ lemon tasted so good! their palabok (white noodle, orange sauce) i was very disappointed in. dry and not enough flavor, there wasn't chicaron (pork grinds) to add on top of the dish, which usually gives the noodle dish a crunch. some must have: sinagang, pancit (dried noodles), and turon (jackfruit and banana glazed eggroll) =) it's great that they open this location in henderson. my parents are pleased that this cuisine is bringing out the filipino in me!
5	What a wonderful surprise.  This is my first time trying Filipino food.  If you like Chinese, Indian, Thai, and Spanish food you'd love Filipino food as much as I did.The decor, the servers, the cook, even the clients seemed to be very Filipino.  I Tried the Lumpiang Shanghai (similar to spring rolls), Beef Caldereta (super soft beef in tomato sour stew), and Sinigang na Baboy ( lime based soup with super soft chunks of pork) I'm definitely coming back...
4	Glad they opened this location so that I don't have to drive all the way up to the one on Jones and Desert Inn!The food was fresh. Ordered a juicy tasting pork skewer, pancit canton, and beef steak. I was skeptical and picky about trying the vegetable lumpia because my mom's is my favorite but this one was also good as well. Will come here the next time I need my filipino food fix!
2	Fiesta Filipina is another good Filipino restaurant gone bad.  I was in love with this place when it first opened!  Everything about this restaurant was legit, from the theme, food and decor. Not baduy, or bakya at all, looking classy with all the Filipino paintings/decor. After more trips, and a few months later it went down the same horrible path as other Filipino restaurants.  Shit service and a shittier smell. The service is always good, unless you get the female worker.   Beware of the female worker!!!  Trust, she is not hard to spot.  She's the cashier queen.-Tore up from the floor up-Caked up face thicker than the earths crust.-The most vibrant, electric, blinding eyeshadow. Whenever she takes our order, or rings us up she always rushes.  Rushing leads to confusion, confusion leads to pissed off customers and bad reviews.  She kept on saying "extra charge for credit,  so i give turon .50 cents, .50 cents!!" In her mind that means, I'll say the charge is .50 cents, but its really a few bucks, and I wont give you any turon- ___-  I felt raped, robbed and broke after leaving the restaurant.  The food was shit too. -Barbecue is good. But  DONT use the same brush you use to baste raw meat, to baste the cooked ones too :) Big mistake and health hazard. -Carioka was hard, tough to chew and over priced.-Ukoy was (excuse my language) the worst fucking shit ever. Honestly, do yourselves a favor and never make it again.  Paste is what it is, thick pasty batter that was slightly fried.-Puto was pasty, and a few were rotten, before the sell by or expire date.I guess if you need a Filipino food fix, come to this place early, and stick to simple dishes.
4	These guys are also fast and excellent when I order takeout food. Their lumpia shanghai platter is not only cheaper than at Goldilock's but is also cheaper.
1	I must say I've never given a 1 star rating to any business until now, but I just had to this time for this restaurant. We went there on Sunday July 17, 2011. The food was actually pretty good, we ordered the pork and chicken barbecue, mongo, pork adobo, halo halo, lechon, and a few other dishes. I was with a group of 6 people, and after we ate here 5 out of 6 of us got sick from the food. Diarrhea, Fever, Chills, and puking. I rarely get food poisoning from restaurants, so something must of been seriously wrong with their cleanliness. We also noticed that most of the food we ordered was cold, (except for the rice) we think that was the reason we got food poisoning. It's highly possible that the cold food had some sort of parasites causing us to get ill. Luckily my pregnant wife was the only one who did not get sick, even our 1 year old niece got sick, so NOT worth it.I will NEVER go back to this place. Fiesta Filipina Cuisine, please heat your food properly otherwise you are a health hazard.
3	Ok so my hubby decided to eat out for dinner tonight as the food he was cooking would not be ready for quite some time and we were both hungry.  Since our last visit to a filipino restaurant was lacking the flavors he is used to he wanted to go to Fiesta for a redemption on the steak and onions that he last had at another filipino restaurant.  The following is what we ordered:Steak and Onions: The steak was thinly cut and tender while the onions  freshly laid on top.  Some of the onions had been marinating in the sauce so it was a tad soggy.  The sauce was just right and exactly how he liked it.Lechon: small a la carte is enough to feed two people so it was a good sized portion for both of us.  Some pieces were a little too well done as it had a burnt taste.Pork Adobo:  Now this was one oily, greasy dish!  The server put so much oil with the pork that looking at it made me nauseas.Beef Calderetta (sp?): This is always my favorite and tonight was no different.  The beef was tender and fell apart to the touch.  The potatoes, carrots and red bell peppers were also just right as they hadn't been sitting there for too long.Turon: overly sweet.  Seemed like it had been soaking in sugar and then fried.  The wrapper was covered in carmelized sugar.  I've had turon before and a good turon does NOT need to be drenched in sugar...my 4 year old liked it...maybe because he thought it was candy.Overall our experience here is average.  The service is so so.  Wish they would give more rice as it seems their scoop is extra small...and you know you need rice with every filipino dish!  Will definitey be going back there again.
4	Food: The typical stews and stir-fry's are good, but I have to recommend the Barbecue. You can see them grill it behind the counter. The meat is tender, and the BBQ sauce is really good.Service: Cafeteria style. Don't expect much.Ambience: Typical Filipino fast-food asthetic: tacky.
1	Been there two times. First time was the bomb, younger guy heck of nice.  2nd time not so great younger gal kind of rude. Food is great but need to work on customer service. :(
5	I was such a fan of the restaurant on Jones and used to go there everyday for lunch. My office moved and it became out of the way, that's why I was so excited once they opened this one on Rose Parkway. Everything from the Lumpia to the Halo-Halo is amazing. I love pretty much all the items on the menu so it's difficult to choose each time I go. I get the Barbecue A LOT! So Good!! We threw a retirement party there for my co-worker last month, the staff was so accommodating and made sure everything was perfect. They treat you like family if you've been there once or a hundred times. If you are looking for authentic Filipino food and fantastic service, look no further, this is the place.
4	food here is pretty good. Have to go with someone that knows there Filipino food or you wont know what your getting. Small place all homemade and fresh. Items on the menu that they carry are the fast moving items. You can sit inside and eat as well as take out. we dined in and saw the place fill up twice, like line out the door. Not that many people dined in that night we were there. I would go back just for the BBQ Pork and Adobo. very good.
4	Crisy Pata FTW!!!! We always have to order a large for the table or for home along with whatever combos we get.  Its a must try.  Dip with the soy sause that they provide or the lechon sauce.
4	Great place to eat. Its very clean, some filipino restraunts are dirty. The food is off the chain!!!!
5	I'm from Cali here on vacay, heard about this place from some friends who live out here. Jon greeted us the second we walked thru the door and the staff was very quick, professional, and happy! The food was hands-down one of the best I've had in a long time and the place was cute and clean. The BBQ chicken, taro leaves, cantelope juice, and halo halo were my favs!!! One of the employees even stopped by our table to ask how our food was and if we needed anything. I will def b stopping by here every time I'm in town!!! Def a must GO!
4	Filipino food super close to my house in Henderson... shooooooot.i even took my boy from manilla here, and we went nuts on some pretty good pinoy grub.the GRUB:- chicken adobo... salty, soury, peppery chicken stew... a good version of a very philippine food staple... mix the sauce in your rice with a little patis for the real deal.- chicken bbq stick... red like tocino or char siu sauce, sweet and charred over fire... very tasty- they dont have Sisig on the line up ever (because you have to order it in advanced only) but they do have lechon kawali - fried pork belly - which is pretty dang awesome with hot white rice and mang thomas sauce- lumpia (shanghai) was standard fare - dip in the spicy jufran for a kick- my friend ordered chicharon bulaklak and mung-go beans... and said it reminded him so much of home... it was that good- HIGHLIGHT: CRISPY PATA !!! nothing like the picture on the wall... made to order (done in like 5 mins) - but a deliciously deep fried pig hip with crispy chicharon skin, soft roasted-like pork meat on the inside, and on the bone w tendon attatched for extra eats - so much flavor... it is accompanied with a house dipping sauce of soy sauce, vinegar, garlic and hot chilis... so awesome.- turon (banana fritter), babinka especial (rice cake with cream cheese), leche flan (caramel custard), halo halo (filipino shaved ice and ice cream sundae), and calimansi or ube or mango shake... all yummy choices for dessert- they have canned soda only (booooooo!!!) - but at least they have sarsi soda... or the fresh cantaloupe juice drink.the JOINT:- best comment from my manilla friend: "ferds, this might be the cleanest pilipino restaurant ive been to here in the states... actually, anywhere for that matter."- plenty of seating, plenty of light- very filipino decor... including a small seating section that looks like a backyard (barrio) fiesta / straw islander hut / hawaiian lanai- there should be alot of available parking in the strip mall- 3 46" LCDs - usually showing TFC, but i have seen sports on too - like the NFL playoffs (49ers) or NBA games (Lakers)the SQUEEZE:- about $9 for the combo and the drink- $14 for the crispy pata - but i think it feeds a family of 4 - ha!- everyone if very helpful and friendly- cash and card is acceptedFINAL SAY:for Henderson, especially right off of Eastern and St Rose Pkway... this is a great find... and probably a good place to meet single pinay nurses on lunch break from the Hospital across the street. ha!
5	Next best thing to homemade
5	Ahhh-haaaaa. A Filipino restaurant, actually, close to me! So close that I've eaten here for lunch 4 days in a row. I always seem to come here right before noon; and because of that I always catch them in the makings of my favorite item there: BBQ PORK BELLY!!!!!!!!!! Mmmmm, just thinking about it makes my mouth water.Because I come here as they're making it, they always seem to remember me. I guess have my cute nephew with me is, also, hard to forget.This spot, also, had thee best crispy pata. Crispy Pork! I just love the sauce they have with it, too. It's a vinegar, soy sauce, chili goodness that I love to dip anything into.Took my mom here 3/4 times and another friend the last time.My mom now requires me to take her here when I'm off. My nephew LOVES their cantaloupe juice. And my haole friend loves it, too.Excited to live closer to this spot. Although, I'm sure I'll have to buy bigger sized jeans because of it.
2	My co-workers and I went here for lunch today. I have read mixed reviews on yelp so wanted to try this place for myself. The food is pretty good. I had the fried tilapia which is a pretty good sized fish and the pork adobo. I also tried the BBQ chicken on a stick. It was good. And the Pancit Palabok was good too but it took them 30 minutes to get that out to the table.  The decor of the restaurant was ok. The only drawback of the restaurant which will keep me from going back is the service. The cashier was stone faced and rude and the people serving the food was rude as well. They really need to brush up on their customer service skills.
1	We use to like this place which maybe masked the poor customer service until it became apparent that they have none. We went there for the last time and we will NEVER go back. They act like their $h!t don't stink. I absolutely HATE stuck up people behind the counter thinking like we owe them something or they are too good to be serving us.  WTF we are not just paying for the food but the overall experience and you guys/gals need to learn how to have decent customer service. Too bad. Good luck and peace out!
4	I was not planning on coming back to this restaurant but a Filipino friend of  mine was in town and she wanted to try it. The food was good, as it was the last time I was there, the service was even better. The stone faced cashier was not there. It was nice friendly guy this time and it made the experience a lot better. The people dishing out the food seemed nice this time around too.
5	I normally do not like going to filipino restaurants because I've been to many and it just isn't like home cooked food.  I decided to go to Fiesta Filipina because it's just a block away from my work and I had to have that filipino food fix.OMG, this is the first time I had filipino food that tasted like it was home cooked.  I loved it!  The sinigang was awesome!  The BBQ Pork was to die for!  The pork adobo was yummy!I loved it!  The only problem I have is it's too close to my work and I now I'm going to be craving filipino food more often.Gotta try it!
5	Food is absolutely delicious and prices are reasonable! I definitely like coming here for my Filipino food fix..
4	Today was the first time I've visited Fiesta Filipina.  A friend at work suggested we try this place for lunch and being that I'm Filipino, I thought, well why not?!When we got here, I noticed that there was a huge spread of food behind the counter.  Reminded me of some Panda Express, Filipino style.  I saw a lot of my favorites, like Pinakbet (most common pork "stew" with fish sauce and veggies such as bitter melon, eggplant, okra, tomatoes, etc.), Sari Sari (what I'm used to is similar to pinakbet without the bitter melon and add small dried shrimp), Dinaguan (blood sausage) and Adobo (today's choice was chicken).  They offer a  2 choice combo with rice for around $6-$7.  Here's what I got:Choice 1:  Lechon- Crispy fried pork chunks.  To me, food is better when there's more marbleization.  In this case, lechon is PACKED with fat.  I think it's a great thing, but if you're not used to it, might be a turn off.  The lechon has a very crispy skin with lots of fat, topped off with tender pork meat.  They serve this choice with a sweet lechon dipping sauce which ties the meal very nicely together :)Choice 2: BBQ Pork skewers.  Sliced pork, kabob style, grilled and drenched in a red, sweet BBQ type sauce.  This was great choice because of the BBQ/Grill combination.  They have a chicken skewer if you choose that route.  AMBIANCE:  The place is packed with food.  Food everywhere.  Desserts, snacks, business cards.  Everywhere you look there's something new.  A little busy in my opinion, but something I expect from my heritage LOL.  There's a back part of the restaurant that looks like a very cheesy bamboo hut with the words, "mabuhay!"  Must we be so cliche?! LOL.For the price and the amount of food you get, it's definitely worth it.  I haven't even begun to crack the surface on the amount of the choices they offer.  I will definitely be back to sample more delicious entrees.
5	Nice and decent food. Big portion and affordable!!!
5	This was my first experience eating Filipino food.  I found the staff to be very helpful and were happy to describe various dishes to me.  The food ended up being delicious and was very reasonably priced.  I will go back soon.
4	This place is an amazing place to get your Filipino fix.  They have great kari kari, and caldereta.  The huge heaps of rice are appreciated but certainly not necessary.  They also have a small selection of baked goods at the front.  I personally do not care for this brand of pandesal but the kutsinta was pretty good.If you like filipino food, or are just looking for something different try this place.  They are super friendly, and will explain what each dish is
3	Not really my fav place to go but it is decent. My taste in Filipino food is different whenever i eat here. Other filipino restaurants style of cooking their food appeals more to me.
4	Great lumpia. Not so great service. Maybe it's because I don't speak tigalig.
4	Crispy pata a must in this place! if you have party they can cater to your needs.
4	Fiesta Filipina is a great restaurant to try filipino food.. When I am here i usually order the BBQ pork with rice for only $5.95 and i usually get a side Lumpia Shanghai for like an extra 4.95.. If you dont like those they have all kinds of filipino dishses form veggies to pork, beef, to longanisa.. I really love this place cause its a quick in and out place and love how its located near my house. This place is located across St. Rose Hospital on the corner of St. Rose parkway and Eastern..  Try now if your interested in tryinging filipino food!
4	This place is quite aways from the Strip but it was well worth the drive. Food was very good but a couple dishes were not to our liking, that is the reason for four star rating.      The service was very friendly and helpful. Restaurant was very clean, especially when compared to other Filipino restaurants I have been to.. BBQ chicken kabobs were the best as well as Lentil beans.
1	I only put 1 stars because the server was so rude. He was in a hurry to go somewhere I suppose? I arrived around 2pm. I ordered pork and chicken bbq sticks. NOT enough flavor, and they were COLD. Which mean the warmers that they are using are not hot enough to keep the food at the correct temperature. I was going to purchase some sweet bread, but they looked old and the bread was already hard. So why sell something that's old? I would be so embarrass if I was the owner of this restaurant. You represent Filipino cuisine in Henderson...take pride in your business. Perhaps then more then 4 people will be eating in your restaurant and you wouldn't have so much leftovers to reheat and serve again....Needless to say, I will NOT be back, nor would dare take a friend or family member here to eat. Save your money and go somewhere else.
4	Good stuff nuff said. I never leave this place with out a happy belly. =)
4	This is good FIlipino food.  Friendly, louder atmosphere - two competing tv stations on four screens.  It is your typical turo-turo style filipino restaurant.  2 scoops of rice and 2 dishes.  Fiesta lacks a little consistency, but when it is good - the Mungo is really good, the BBQ and the caldereta.They had a case of mango yesterday that had more wrinkles than old elephants arse.  Skip the bakery goods and produce - they do not understand fresh rotations.  Keep them FRESH!
5	This is the place I go for pinoy food....i have tried several places and this place is always clean and the staff is always helpful. I go here at least 5 times a month and we always cater for our parties. Everyone so far that we take here loves the food.
4	This is a great place for filipino food. The prices are fair and they are always busy at lunch. I have always come at odd times so I avoid the line as much as possible. I come here for the BBQ chicken kabobs and lumpia. They are really to die for. My whole family consumes them like candy. The only problem I ever have is that there are no signs indicating what each vat of meat and sauce could be. For a non-asian like myself, its be hard to know what these dishes are just by sight. Unfortunately when you ask and are told what it is, I still don't know what it is. Regardless, this place is my top filipino food find and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal.
4	Fiesta Filipina is a hidden gem in Henderson. It just happened that we decided to spend a couple of nights here before we check in to an extended stay hotel in Las Vegas during our recent move from TX. So my mom was craving some good Filipino food near the end of our road trip. Fiesta Filipina was the closest to the hotel so there we went. The place was a decent size if you compare it to a typical "turo-turo" restaurant. Plenty of chairs and a couple of TVs were seen airing local Philippine news and soap operas. Nice inviting traditional decor. Plenty of parking as well. The staff behind the counter greeted us with warm smiles and asked us what we want in rapid fire Tagalog. I can understand why non-Filipinos can be a bit intimidated upon entering the premises. There was a Caucasian couple behind us who couldn't decide what they want right away, and the staff quickly shifted gears to explain the dishes as best as they can. (On that note: I can't understand why they don't provide a sign next to the dish so it'll save them the time and trouble explaining things to those who are unfamiliar with Filipino food? I've lived in California for nearly 8 years and nobody ever does this! A simple index card with basic ingredients can be a quick solution)Let's move on to the food.Crispy pata (roasted pig) - flavorful, crispy, delicious.This is a good dish to share with a group of people. Pansit (rice stick noodles w/ pork belly strips, veggies, and shrimp) - good flavor, the veggies were not soggy and just enough saltinessDinuguan (pork blood stew) - I don't eat this but my husband had rave reviews.Pork/Chicken BBQ skewers - great flavor w/ good amount of meat on the sticksLumpia (fried pork spring rolls) - decent, only because my husband makes the best homemade lumpias :-)Sinigang (tamarind soup) - above average; sour enough with generous servings of (your choice of fish or meat here)Ginisang Munggo (sauteed mung beans w/ pork belly & other veggies) - yummy!Kare-kare (oxtail soup w/ peanut sauce) - very goodThe prices are more than fair. We recently brought our aunt and her friends here visiting from Maryland and for a group of 10 people you can expect to pay $120 including drinks with plenty of leftovers to take home. If you liked the soups, you can always ask them for a complimentary second serving (without the meat) just like we do in the Philippines ("Kuya, pahingi pa po ng sabaw!"). I thought the overall ambiance was excellent, and they checked in on us once or twice to see how everything was. There is also a pastry/bread cart by the entrance where you can try various sweets such as pastillas (sweet milk candies), polvoron, mamon (french sponge cake) and yema. If someone would ask me where to go for a taste of good Filipino cuisine, I would not hesitate one bit to point them to Fiesta Filipina. It is the next best thing to home cooked Filipino meals.
4	Heard about this place for a long time so I checked it out today for lunch! Walked in, clean and nice... You order from a buffet line. Not knowing Filapina food, its a bit difficult to look and order. So I ordered what looked familiar, BBQ and pancit (stir fry noodle) I also order a fried patty that had bean sprouts, carrots and a shrimp in the middle. Not sure of the name, but I am always open to trying new things. The BBQ pork was tasty along with the noodles. The fried patty was cold, and chewy. They did offer a vinegar sauce which was good on it. The staff was very friendly. I look forward to going back again and trying something else.
3	The Longinisa is my favorite the quantity is a lot I couldn't finish my plate and the service is very fast as all the food is ready to go, but It is a little greasy
1	Been to this place a few times over the last 2 years and it was pretty decent up until recently when I ordered the Beef Caldereta and the meat was spoiled.. And the wife got the bisteak that also tasted old and spoiled.. Very disappointed.
3	Decided to give this place another shot and the food seems to have gotten better.. Maybe they just got a bad shipment of beef that day.. Check your supplier guys..
1	Today was the second time me & my husband came here to eat. We will never come back here again! The older employees are RUDE! They don't even acknowledge you. They leave you hanging there as if its such a hassle to serve you. Their food is not even great! It's so oily and no taste and expensive! Thank goodness Nanay Gloria's just opened a block away from this place.
5	Great filipino food. Their krispy pata is definitely the best in town. Everything else i've ever had has been top quality.
4	When I'm homesick or been longing for some FIlipino food, I typically visit Fiesta Filipina as its just about a 5 minute drive for me. It's a nice spacious turo-turo style restaurant, playing TFC or some filipino channel. Fairly soild spot considering Las Vegas isn't necessarily a hub for awesome Filipino food (go to LA or the Bay Area for that). However if you're in the area its worth going to if you've been havin' a hankering for the cuisine. 3.5 stars rounding up.
4	Another great place to get filipino food in Henderson. Food is very good and the place is nice and clean. A great alternative if you're not feeling like having a buffet (from the other filipino restaurant down the street). Prices are fair and staff is friendly. But the dish to get here is the CRISPY PATA! (Deep Fried Pork Hock--it may sound unappetizing, but don't knock it until you try it) If you need to get your pata fix, this is the place.
4	I've been going here for the past year and I absolutely LOVE this place for my beefsteak fix....yeah i know it's not spelled that way, but that's how i say it and that's how i'm gonna spell it! lol.I've tried other items, but nothing has come close to what I'm used to with my mom's cooking, so I stick to the best of the best of their items - the beefsteak. Thinly sliced meat with onions in the oh-so tasty lemon/soy sauce concoction. Everytime we go here, this is all i ever order - that is until I saw a sign for a new item they have - lechon manok.  mmmmm.....ok, this is a must try for me - along with the crispy pata which i've been lagging on trying.So, I could be wrong, maybe one of these items will move up to take the reign!Cute restaurant - love the little hut decor that separates their dining area.Was just there yesterday and going back today after work to pick up one of them rotisserie chickens (lechon manok).Not sure if there is new management, but kudos to Fiesta Filipina for responding to sub-par reviews and attempting to provide better customer satisfaction - nice touch, because even though you might not know it, yelp customers do check to see if restaurants do acknowledge or even make changes to address issues that are brought up and looks like Fiesta Filipina is doing just that!Keep up the good work...6/29 - just wanted to update that we tried the lechon manok and it's an easy pass.  Costco and Wal-Mart have way better rotisserie chicken.  Still a great place though.
4	Best bbq pork stick in town!!   Tried it at many location but nothing come even close to fiesta. The bbq pork is pack with flavor and very tender. Whenever we throw a party at the house we usually order a tray of 50 sticks, that's how good they are.     I love the way fiesta look on the inside, nicely decorated make you feel like your in phillipines. Fiesta has 2 location, both places serve good food but I prefer the one down south on ST. ROSE, its alot closer to the house. Overall good filipino food with ok service.
4	2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #8We found ourselves at Fiesta Filipina for our 8th Halo-Halo taste test.  I can't believe that we just started this challenge last week and we are now only 2 contenders away from completing this challenge.  Terri and I met up with Ian A for this challenge.  We had some eats, but our primary reason for this stop was obvious...how is their Halo-Halo? Fiesta Filipina has a regular Halo-Halo for $3.99 and their special for $4.99.  The only difference between the two is ube ice cream.  Since we are maximizing our craving, we decided on the special of course. So, what's in this special Halo-Halo.  You get ube ice cream (two scoops), condensed milk, shave ice, nata de coco, macapuno, pinipig, azuki (red beans), white beans, and some legit ube.  This is our only 2nd stop that had real ube in it.  What's missing is the flan and lanka.  After mixing my Mix-Mix and sampling it, I already knew that Fiesta's Halo-Halo is ranking up there in my book.  The ice was just right, taste superb, and the mix was almost perfect.  I stress almost perfect because flan was the one missing ingredient that I was looking for.  By the way, you can order flan on the side (about $5) and add to it if flan is a must have in your Halo-Halo.On a side note, I did have some food here too.  The ambiance of this restaurant reminds me of the Flip joints in SF, SoCal, and Daygo.  I loved it and felt at home.  But I wasn't too impressed with the food.  The food is cheap and for $5.29 you can get two Chicken BBQ Sticks with rice. Sounded and looked appealing, but I'm no fan of rubbery chicken. Overall, I am a fan of their Halo-Halo and see myself coming back just that. Food...well, that's a different story.PS:  One thing I learned during this quest for our favorite Halo-Halo in the valley is that real spoons (not the flimsy plastic ones) are ideal when mixing your Halo-Halo. These plastic spoons work like catapults when you're mixing your Halo-Halo. Last thing I want is an ube shot in the face.  Stay hungry, my friends.  2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwContender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:selfContender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQContender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:selfContender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXwContender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDgContender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
4	Glad they have brown rice! Clean place, nice staff and good service. Great atmosphere and delicious food. Will be back!
5	I had my daughter's 1st birthday party catered by Fiesta Filipina.  I've had some bad Filipino food in Las Vegas so I almost gave up on the idea, but I wanted to incorporate my culture into her birthday.  A friend recommended this place, so I gave it a shot.It was soooooooooooooo delicious!  Being half Filipina myself, I grew up on this food.  But, a lot of my friends in Las Vegas are multi-cultural (most are not Filipino), so I ordered what I thought more "white" people would enjoy.LumpiaBBQ pork skewersBBQ chicken skewersPancitChop suey (in case there were any vegetarians)Lechon (my favorite indulgence)Everything was outstanding!  Even the guests were raving about it and asking where I got it.  Definitely will go back for a regular meal.  It's a drive for me, but worth it!
3	Good combo dishes... Excellent fried pata!!! Super yummy!!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 94/100Cantaloupe juice. Can you say thirst quencher?I've been to other location before for when our Filipino food cravings kicked in but have to admit I like this one better. It just seemed brighter and more authentic. The colors and decos gave the buffet-style restaurant a more festive atmosphere. My friend and I didn't get a chance to stay too long. We were in a hurry to get to a dry cleaning place and get some clothes so we basically had our orders in - 2 cantaloupe juices! - and made a run for it. The drink felt like summer in my mouth with a touch of sugar to compliment the natural fruit flavors. Just so you know, this was hand made and it was not the only option. There was also calamansi and lychee juices! Guyabano and buco (coconut) were packaged in a drink box so I'd assume they're sweeter with added artificial flavors. Couldn't forget how great the place smelt as we walked out to the door! Hoping to come back for a real meal one day!
1	Got here at lunch at first it wasn't that busy, everything was smooth, service was ok at first when they handed our food but when we reach and we had to pay and started getting busy the cashier was so rude.. We definitely not coming back they just ruin our lunch after we experience that.
5	They have the best Bangus Sisig I've ever had!!! Truly the BEST Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas and Henderson!!!!  I tried a lot  of other places for the past 6 years I've been here and this is our favorite Filipino restaurant. Worth the drive if you want quality Filipino food, reasonable price, clean, and great ambience.  Friendly staff too!
4	Enjoyed it even more on our second trip! Think it will be among our go-to bookmarked spots! The two item combo with rice is only $5.99 and is plenty for one... We each get one with different items and share. Love the BBQ pork!!
2	I was more than excited when I heard there's a location near hm that serves pata. I've been in search for a place that serves pata and couldn't wait to try it out. I came in on a Monday and was surprised they're busy for being a weekday before lunch hour. I ordered a pata which was $17.99 and a few vegetable items. The food was kept in a warmer similar to fast food joints. I added rice for an additional fee. It's served fast food style. The employees here needs to be more helpful since I don't speak their language. I feel like I'm treated with less respect than their people. The employees here are extra nice to the philipino's that walk through the door and I get the stare.The food came out cold and the pata wasn't hot to order as claimed. Seemed like they went in back to the kitchen to bring out an order of pata that was cooked earlier and re heated. I was disappointed cause my pata was flavor less, cold, and greasy. It took me 15 minutes to wave the employees down to get a togo box. Another 5 minutes to get it. 15minutes to get my desert which was another disappointment.   I paid $5 for a cup of halo halo. A cup of 90% ice and 10% mixed crap to be exact. I wonder if giving this place 3 stars is being over generous.
2	I've gone a few times craving something like KARE KARE or pata etc.... Always reheated, or not available you get the "stare" and the prices for each thing sucks! I give it two stars because at least they tried to establish something decent but fail to follow through with quality product.
2	Past 2 times I've come to this place around 10am in the morning they stopped serving eggs with the silog dishes...WTF!!!! McDonald's stops a 11am!!!Yet...their food counter had all the silogs and garlic fried rice...that's just BLASPHEMY!!! You lost paying customers twice already for this reason.If you fix this situation, please let me know. I'm Filipino and I love my Filipino Food...but that is just wrong.
2	Its not the best, but it's the closest. Two things that are consistent are the bbq skewers and crispy pata. Everything is either oily, too salty or rice is soggy.
3	Filipino food always sounds good to me and I don't always feel up to cook. My bf chose this place nearby, I was hesitant.  Lots of people in and out. This was a good sign. Walking in I was reminded of back home with family, comfortable smell of Filipino food. It was pretty busy. You line up and choose the items you'd like before you pay and take your food to sit down and eat. I wanted a little bit of everything.  I chose Fried Bangus (milkfish) around $11. I had that with rice and a small order of lumpia shanghai (7 pieces). They have a table with all of the necessary condiments available from banana ketchup, vinegar, fish sauce to name a few. Everything I needed was there. Overall the food was average, but satisfying.  The lumpia wasn't really crispy.  I drank calamansi juice just because it isn't something I have everyday.  It was good, a little sweet.  My boyfriend and I felt comfortable and cozy watching The Filipino Channel playing on one of their many tvs. Luckily there was English subtitles (why didn't I use subtitles as a kid?). This was great because I am Americanized and my boyfriend is Vietnamese so we both needed the translation.  We enjoyed the drama that was playing on TV.  Before leaving we ordered halo halo.  It was wonderful!   The ube(taro) ice cream, the wafer it was a good finish to my meal.  Would come back.
1	Service could be better.  One of the food servers  wiped his nose with his hands and proceeded to serve food to customers.  Gross!  The food looks like it sits all day.  Better to eat there in the morning, when its fresh. The bbq is soaked in a sauce that is quite disgusting.  They think it keeps the meat moist, what keeps the meat moist is to not burn the meat and dry it out.  I ordered bbq today and it was burned, dry and full of carcinogens.My total was under $6.40 and they charge a $.50 fee for debit purchases under $10.  Which is fine, but the lady charged me $7.00. Is it really that difficult to punch in $6.90?  Wow, nickel and diming people.  It sucks this is the only Filipino restaurant on this side of town.  I am Americanized and if you don't respond in Tagalog they tend to give you an unpleasant attitude.  I hate that, I don't control where I was born or raised.  Get over it.  #hater
2	Nice people, small but dining area was clean. There are some cooked to order items but it's mainly food served up from heating trays, not sure how long it's been sitting out  either.  Got 3 items off the buffet sat down to eat, took a bite of pancit and it tasted a little off like noodles were spoiled, it smelled that way too. Ended up  throwing away my meal and walking out . I don't think I'll  be back..eww no.
4	Went here twice during my most recent Vegas trip. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean. The atmosphere is great - I love the decor. I've noticed some reviewers saying that the food probably isn't fresh. In my two visits, I arrived in the morning for breakfast so I can't say anything about the freshness of the food throughout the day. The food was definitely good and fresh when I was there. I had pansit, garlic fried rice, longanisa, adobo, barbecue, a coconut pork dish (ugh! I'm sorry I don't know the name right now), and some fish. So unhealthy (not something Filipino food is known for so whatever!), but so yummy. Oh! And I cannot forget the delicious melon juice which is packed with melon.There is also some self-service water and coffee. Coffee was good, but the water tasted off to me. This wasn't the only time in Vegas I tasted 'meh' water (the other times were at buffets at the Strip)..
3	Took em down a star for their rude azz f*ck pushy attitudes behind the counter. I told you already, I don't want them old azz lumpias that been sitting there all day! Sheesh.Since Kucina Ni Lorraine Express opened up on Bermuda I've been taking my azz there instead lately.
2	Fast filipino food. Lately been getting soggy rice. Uhg. Food is ok not the most amazing but its difficult to replicate home cooked filipino food.
2	When this location first opened, this was the place to go for Filipino food in the area. The food always looked fresh and appetizing.  I've been here twice in the last month and the food looked like it was leftovers that have been reheated way too many times. Not sure how this could possibly pass any health inspection.  This used to be my go-to place for fast Filipino take out. Not anymore. A few other places have popped up in the area, and although they might be a bit pricier, I'm fine as long as the quality of the food is better.
4	READ THIS-Food is tasty but do take out. *Key to happiness when eating here. Cook rice before you leave the house, their rice is soggy.
5	Great food, friendly people and the prices are really good too.
1	There is nothing sadder when one has a bad experience in a food place.  The first time could be a fluke. But for another incident......it will be the last time I go there.*The first time was when I chose their griled squid.  I don't remember if it was to be stuffed or not.  But when we got home- it was stuffed all right!!!!  Stuffed still with it's guts/innards and as I cut into it....it leaked out some greenish black liquid.  That was so gross and c/u the place to let 'em know.  I think they just said bring in the receipt and they will give me a refund. I've given them a couple chances and it was ok.  **But now......that was the last time we will be going there.  I ordered a Taro Boba Drink but no pearls avail.  Which is ok BUT........as we were driving home...I kept smelling like this garlic scent.  Then as the ice melted in my mouth...I feel this garlic piece on my tongue.  FRICKIN' GROSS!!!!  Just to make sure I squished it between my fingers and it was FRESH GARLIC.  Now I don't know if maybe the garlic fell in the ice or the dude (which for now remains nameless-depends on  what the manager says tomorrow when I complain since he is not there right now)  if maybe the dude just smooshed garlic before making my drink.  Regardless of any situation......it is just plain GROSS.  I will update my review after I speak with the manager tomorrow.  I am furious since the place is quite a drive.  Now I gotta find another FILIPINO EATERY.
4	Only ate their Halo-Halo and was very satified. Plan on going back for a sit-down lunch very soon.  Actually went there last night in hopes of getting some pork sisig to eat during the Pacquioa fight. Was too late, as it was all gone.
5	The 5 stars is for the chicken bbq skewers.  The best ever!!!!  We order them in bulk Everytime we have guests and they all love it as much as we do.
4	For a very casual dining restaurant this place is good. This is not sit down,order off the menu place ( as are most Filipino restaurants in the valley), but more of you order a combo plate. I usually come here just to order to go. My family has eaten inside as well and we do enjoy it. The atmosphere is casual and the place is clean. They always have a pretty good variety of food. My husband (who isn't filipino) doesn't mind coming here at all since they always have BBQ.
4	Sooooo yummy! Really like the shanghai rolls & free water!!! :)
1	Not sure what's worse, their food or service? We ordered the holiday special a week in advance. When we got there the food was not ready. Okaaaay? Not too mention the ladies upfront are rude. Maybe because I don't speak their language or I might not be too Filipino enough for them. All their differ types of pancit sucks. Their crispy pata is just ok. If recommend you spend ur money else where.
4	Food was pretty good, not that much of a selection though. Just your ordinary favorite Filipino dishes and then some. Nothing too different that will blow you away.I would recommend this restaurant to people who definitely miss some good ole Filipino food. And or for people that if it's their first time trying Filipino food. I would start here for sure.Pretty good service when I went and it wasn't too crowded so there were a lot of empty seats to seat my family and I and just enjoy.Pricing is pretty decent and affordable. Definitely going back sometime in the future.
5	Fiesta filipina is the best when it comes to pilipino food. It's clean, the people greet you promptly and nicely  when you come. The owners  really take care and make you feel at home. The portions are big and they have everything down so that quality and the taste is consistent in both of their restaurants. I recommend  their Crispy Pata, sisig na bangus, and their famous barbecue. The halo halo is also very  good loaded with all the best ingredients topped with Leche flan and ube ice cream. I use to drive to their  Jones location and I am so glad that they now have the Henderson store. A big bonus is the price too. Where can you buy good food at a very reasonable  Price?  Only at Fiesta.
3	When I have that craving for Filipino BBQ, fried banana rolls, or ginataan, I go here and my tummy is satisfied.  Their crispy pata is worth the wait (10 min).
4	I was shocked and excited to see the different dishes and bakery items here they also have all my favorite desserts and halo halo! Omg yum! They also have it decorated In wood or wicker furniture which reminded me of when I would visit the Philippines when I was little it took me way back loved it def recommend.
5	Very good food. Was recommended by a friend when I asked where they got their bbq sticks. Needless to say I will be frequenting this place to get my bbq chicken fix. The bbq chicken skewers have a lot of meat and are very good. Everybody loves them
3	Yelp indicated this restaurant opens at 08:00. The hours are actually 10:00-20:30. The restaurant looks nice and inviting. The decor made me feel like I'm in my province with the exception of loud TV. I got here around 09:30 hoping to get breakfast, tapsilog, bansilog, tucinolog, etc. apparently they don't serve breakfast and only what's in the turo-turo table. I ended up having milkfish and beefsteak. I've had better milkfish. The milkfish at Chowking is better compared to this one. The dipping sauce they have me was not typical spiced vinegar. It's more like sweetened-soy-sauce-vinegar combination. It's almost like finadene (Chamorro dipping sauce). They have the typical patis, soy-sauce, and vinegar. Venegar was plain. I usually like vinegar with chopped garlic, black pepper, a bit of onion, and salt. I agree with the other reviews about the rice, it didn't seem like a typical Jasmine rice. I think it might be from old crop boxed rice. The beefsteak was good. It exceeded my expectations. The other selections from the turo-turo looks pretty good. I guess I'll try them next time to see if their tasty. Next time, if I want tapsilog I'd go to Chowking. I will come back to this restaurant to try the other selections. My overall rating of the food is medium/average since I wasn't impressed with the milkfish and rice but, above average beefsteak.
4	We always come here to eat in or eat out. Not much of vegetable selections but they're food taste great. Will be back here often.
1	Everything is pre cooked and dry.. Its crazy most Filipino people are used to very cheap ingredients and they don't know quality. The food was disgusting. I've eaten at least 20 different Filipino families homes this is not even mediocre.
4	Made to order pancit palabok is excellent. Lumpia is excellent. Pancit is excellent.  Wish they had a better selection of vegetable dishes. Love Filipino bbq sticks but dont care much for their marinade. Its too red saucy which i guess is ketchup or banana ketchup. Wish they would adjust it and do without it. Service is very friendly except for this one person who never smiles. Place is pretty clean.
2	Growing up in San Diego, Ca.. Specifically in National City, I was spoiled with having MANY options to get good Filipino food.Fiesta Filipina Cuisine has a typical ambiance of a Filipino restaurant. They have a decent selection. Service is typical of Filipino toro toro style restaurant. Not the greatest, but it'll do for those cravings I may get for Filipino food.
1	Very disappointed. The service was awful. The servers were not friendly. The food was cold and most of the food ("their specialties") aren't even available! I've been to a lot of Filipino restaurants in Vegas but this is just disappointing.
4	So aside from the soggy rice, I do come here when craving filipino food. I've tried most of the filipino resturants and none of them make me come back. Except for this place, especially for Crispy Pata best in town. Service is always friendly and the make you feel like home. The food is almost always presented well and clean.
