5	Recently opened sushi take-out/delivery place offers freshly made sushi at a good price.  It has all the common sushi selection and the service is fast.  I called in my order and it was ready in 5 minutes.  I had the combo #6 for $10 (8 pieces of sushi of your choice).  I had Salmon, Yellow Tail, White Tuna and Spicy Tuna.  Slices were generous and the fishes were fresh.   It's such a great bargain.  I will definitely come back again.
4	Just the other day I was wishing there was a quick take-out sushi place downtown. I saw this place on Yelp and went down to check it out. It's a small place with only two stools for seating, so you'll definitely want to get it to go or have it delivered. The selection of rolls is pretty standard, but varied enough for my tastes. The maki rolls are about 4 bucks, and their "special" rolls are about twice that. Maki rolls are pretty much the size you would expect. We picked up a few of those, along with a special roll -Rainbow- that was nice and plump.The quality was pretty good. The fish tasted fresh and the sauces were tasty. I thought the rice was very slightly undercooked because it was a little looser than expected, but that's really a very minor issue that will probably vary from day to day. Overall, I'm pretty happy with it. It's great to have a take-out sushi place downtown. I'm sure I will be going back there many times.
4	The other night during the torrential downpours we were craving sushi. And all of you sushi lovers know how that goes, you could not think about sushi for weeks, but the minute it pops into your head you MUST have it. So we decided to try KO. Like morons, we decided we'd walk over and get it. 20 minutes and one broken umbrella later, soaking wet, we made it back and dug in. We were very impressed!First and most importantly, the fish and all of the other items inside the rolls were very fresh. We ordered 4 of the special rolls and loved them all, especially the volcano roll - so tasty! Be aware, though - some of these rolls are HUGE! Took a few tries to fit it all in my mouth! The miso soup was, well, miso soup (can't really go wrong here, let's face it we are eating seaweed and tofu). The Crunchy Roll was also delicious, as well as the Panthers Roll. The sauces that were put on them made the roll, gave it a little kick. Prices were what you would expect - anywhere from $5 to $9 for the specialty rolls and $4 maki rolls. My only suggestion would be for them to offer more speical rolls to choose from!
4	Finally a reasonable place for Sushi in Charlotte that is actually good. If this place were in San Francisco, I would likely only give it three stars but compared to what I have had in Charlotte this place rocks. It is take out only but they do a good job at it. One nice touch is a little soy sauce tray they give you. Fish is fresh though Tuna is lower grade.Overall, a good experienceBest Miso Soup in Uptown Charlotte
4	Great rolls. My favorite is the Tiger roll. Good seaweed salad. Most of the girls I worked with frequented this place for lunch!
3	Finding parking here can be a bit of a challenge, but worth it. The food was fresh and reasonable in price, and the service prompt. There is no dining area, so they only do carryout. Perhaps they also do delivery? Best part about the joint other than the food is that you can order online!http://www.kosushi2go.com/
2	A few years ago, I went on a Jeremy Piven-esque sushi frenzy and ate sushi so much that I actually got a little sick of it (who knows, maybe I had mercury poisoning, too?) Anyway, I rarely eat sushi these days and even though I always walk by K.O. Sushi, I never considered trying it until reading these reviews today and, as one reviewer said, had a completely uncontrollable urge to eat sushi and had to have it right then! So, to K.O. Sushi, I went. I used the convenient on-line system to place my order for the combo with 4 pieces of sushi (crab, shrimp, tuna, salmon) and a roll of my choice. I also ordered a side of seaweed salad just to see how it stacked up to other seaweed salads I have had. I chose the eel roll and it was pretty decent and probably the best part of the meal. The eel was still warm, which is good, but I didn't think the actual construction of the roll was that great. The sushi itself was the big disappointment.  First, though, I should note that today I went against one of my cardinal sushi rules NEVER to order shrimp and (fake) crab--as that is always the bottom shelf of all sushi. This place was no exception, so, if you are even moderately serious about sushi, avoid the crabstick and shrimp sushi or nigiri pieces. As another reviewer noted, the tuna sushi was not the highest grade and the salmon was passable but not really that great either. The seaweed salad was a very large portion, but it had way too much oil on it.  All in all, while I didn't love my meal, I partially blame myself for going with the cheap combo option and its disappointing pieces, rather than ordering a la cart and getting the sushi and nigiri that I like. But my guess is that since the quality of the fish is passable, but not excellent,the mayonnaise and cream cheese rolls will be best bet here (but, naturally, far more unhealthy). One other minor thing: if your meal is over $10, you get a free soda. That's great, but be aware that the self-serve fountain machine produces an incredible amount a foam. I realized, as I was walking back to work, that my cup was only half full of soda after the foam cleared. No biggie, but just a word of caution to be patient with your soda filling, so you can take full advantage of this deal.
3	You should know that the hours posted on their door aren't their actual hours. We showed up hoping to grab some sushi for a late lunch around 2pm. The hours on their door said they were open from 9am to something like 7pm that day. But they were closed. Confusion? I called them through the afternoon, and when I finally got someone, he said their hours were 4:30pm to something like 9pm. I don't even know. So confusing.There is only street-parking, and no place to sit inside, as well as no bathroom. Patrons get around this by sitting on the floor as they wait for their sushi. The sushi itself is fairly decent quality.It's a good place to walk to if you're downtown for a quick a tasty bite, just be sure to call ahead and make sure they're actually there before you go out of your way.
1	Take out only and you can't see who prepares the sushi.  The interaction between guest and sushi chef is important to me.  I didn't get anything.
4	Just tried for the first time today. The Checker roll (tuna, cream cheese, spicy mayo) had just the right amount of spice. The Caterpillar roll was lovely, and VERY tasty compared to other eel rolls I've had. Great, fast, affordable Japanese-style lunch in Uptown Charlotte. Will definitely order in advance online next time to make it even quicker, or perhaps even try delivery service. (They have little mopeds for delivery.) I've been waiting for tasty sushi and a good selection to help me through my days in the office. Thanks, K.O. -- you're a lunchtime jewel in the Charlotte Uptown-iverse! :)
4	this is EXACTLY what I would want in a delivery sushi place... I ordered sushi online at 7:30 tonight. On there website every item had descriptions so I knew what I was getting myself into and I didn't have to encounter any miscommunication issues which typically arise when ordering over the phone. the delivery guy appeared 30 minutes after I placed my order. They have a delivery minimum of $15 and they charge a $1 delivery fee. I deducted one star because I think they can either charge the minimum or the delivery fee, but it's really like .5 star because its not a bad minimum or a bad fee. So cheers to them. I ordered yellow tail sashimi, the hurricane roll, and the KO roll. My favorite was the yellow tail sashimi; it was fresh and I will definitely order more next time. It was only one piece which sucks but it was a large cut. And it was served on a bed of thinly sliced cucumber which was not only nice presentation but a good little snack. They give you nice chopsticks (they seemed nicer then the normal ones) and a little soy sauce dish (wrapped in the napkin). I will be ordering from this place MANY more times in the future and if they keep up their level of service and quality I see a 5 star update in their future :)
4	I'm not sure how I feel about giving both Ru San's and KO Sushi 4 stars because my snobby-San-Francisco-sushi-eating-complex always surfaces.The reason why I love KO sushi is because of the salmon and yellow tail sashimi. It's just as good as Ru San's, except KO delivers straight to your door regardless of whether you are at the hotel gym, or in an apartment on the 18th floor. The service is great and fast, the sushi is reasonably priced, and the sashimi is really fresh. Note: You can place your order online and specify a specific time for your food to be delivered too!
4	GR! yelp address was wrong, this place is ACTUALLY on 3rd street and Tryon (more on 3rd street).They have some secret February specials that I wish I knew before!Monday: 10% off special rollsTuesday: Free drink with your order of $10 or moreWednesday: Free drink with your order of $10 or more (delivery not included)Thursday: 20% off all nigiri and sashimiFriday: 20% off special rolls (5pm-9:30pm)Saturday: 20% off all ordersSunday: 20% off with valid student id**All specials exclude combo and fax orders.I thought it would be a nice little walk to KO, but the area is pretty ghetto and deserted at night. I got asked for spare change EEK! I would recommend just getting take out, besides they don't have indoor seating anyway and delivery is just $1.Love how generous they are with the seaweed salad. Wish the sashimi was a little cheaper, but still a good dinner option. For some reason I can't get my order under $20 ever. It's still a solid and affordable sushi option.
4	I was walking around downtown Charlotte, craving sushi, and stumbled across this place. I was travelling for business, and alone, and not much in the mood to sit down at a full service restaurant.I loved the Friday special, 20% off the special rolls, so I got the Hurricane roll and some edamame. The edamame was a tiny bit overcooked, but still delicious. The sushi was fresh and tasty. Quality takeout sushi at a reasonable price. They definitely satisfied my sushi craving.
4	Hubs and I stumbled onto this little gem very soon after we moved to Charlotte a few years ago. Since we lived in the Fourth Ward at the time, we were thrilled to try sushi delivery just a few streets down. We've since ordered KO (delivered to our house - just a mile south of Uptown in South End) and every time we get it, the sushi is basic, but fresh and delish! The delivery guy is always nice and he definitely works hard in the rain on his moped to ensure that we get our food in an adequate amount of time. I don't think we've ever waited more than 45 minutes for our food and the one time it was sub-par (wrong items and jumbled from the ride over), they very kindly comped our next order. I would recommend the shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna roll, spicy veggie roll and the Godzilla roll (my personal fave). Per some other reviews, definitely pay attention to the specials - they make this little spot even more affordable than it already is! Just make sure you hit the minimums required for lunch or dinner orders...we never have that problem as we typically eat our weight in sushi. Yay for KO.
2	The sushi is great, but I am not a sushi fan.I ordered their Chicken Teriyaki bowl. Not good at all. Bleh.
4	I love this place!! After moving to Charlotte, KO quickly became my favorite delivery place. It is so convenient and fast! The sushi is always fresh (lovee the Rainbow Roll) and they even have specials! Their rolls are pretty big and you can customize them if you want (like adding toppings on a pizza). The best part is that you can order online and by the time you get home from a hard day's work, they are already at your door. I would recommend this place to anyone who isn't a sushi foodie, but just enjoys some simple rolls after a long day of work or a lazy weekend.
4	Live in Uptown or surrounding neighborhoods? Love sushi? Appreciate delivery? KO Sushi needs to be your next phone call. Delivery guys/gals are always pleasant and arrive on their mopeds rain or shine or snow. Sushi is really good for delivery. It's cheap and they even have combo platters for a discount. I usually go with the #11, which comes with 2 basic maki rolls for $7. Spicy tuna and spicy veggie call are the choices. I then order the shrimp tempura and godzilla roll. Make sure to specify how many sets of chopsticks you need as well as your soy choice...fully leaded or low sodium. Order usually arrives in under 45 minutes. Well worth the wait!
4	Update: Last week I was on my way to Jimmy John's to grab a quick sammie and ran into a friend who was downing some veggie udon noodles here.  On his recommendation, I changed my plans and ordered the noodles, too.  They were quite delicious and great for a winter day.  He also said the sushi rolls (the ones I didn't get the first time around) were quite good, too, so maybe I will try sushi at the place again in the future.  But, I will definitely come back here for the noodles. It's nice to be able to unban this place from my work lunch spots now.
4	It is hard to believe there was ever I time where I hated sushi because lately it seems I have been on a sushi eating binge. Went to K.O with a friend tonight- we ordered 4 rolls to split between the two of us spicy tuna, firework, Hiro, and Dragon. My total with a coke zero and 15% student discount (grad school is good for something : ) ) came to $14. The amount of food was crazy, we really should have stuck to three. The eat-in area is basically two stools and a counter- it was extremely uncomfortable. What made things worse is that we had to wait 40 minutes for our food! We had to check in a couple times and were more than a little miffed that it took that long and that we weren't pre-warned. Once our food came out the mood lightened up because we were in cheap sushi heaven! I was extremely impressed with the quality and freshness -you simply cannot beat the price! We barely finished our rolls but we did manage to stuff the last one down...again 3 rolls would have absolutely sufficed as I am in a food coma currently. Both of us enjoyed the Hiro roll the best - but all four tasted great.I will be back...for take out only.
4	The presentation and the quality of the sushi rolls were outstanding!  The taste was just as good.  The size of the specialty rolls were very big.  I wouldn't recommend ordering those on a first date because your mouth is literally stuffed full of sushi with each slice.  This place is really meant for take-out.  There are two stools by the window if you eat in but they are pretty uncomfortable.  I found out that they deliver for just $1.00 with a minimum of a $15 purchase.  I was disappointed with the wait (almost 40 mins).  I wish we were at least informed when we ordered that they were backed up.  I highly recommend their sushi for take-out only.  It was delicious!
4	The price is right and the food is dynamite.  The fact that Charlotte has a good sushi place downtown was exciting for me.  They have lots of fresh fish and they even deliver.  If you like sushi, definitely check this place out.
4	A To-Go sushi place with incredibly reasonable prices, free delivery (for order $15 or higher), and a sanitation rating of 99.0? Yes please.I had an avocado roll and a cucumber roll. $2.50 (or $3?) a roll. Can't beat that. The only complaint I can think of is no Inari (tofu skins)! When I'm feeling lazy and not in the mood to cook again, I'm totally going here.
4	My sister came to visit from Houston so after we visited the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art, we walked down to K.O. Sushi for some take out dinner. It's small b/c it's mostly for take out orders but there are two small sections for seating at the windows. I had a Philly roll and sushi rice that was ready in about 15 minutes. There's a flat screen HD TV you can watch while waiting but I chose to catch up on some Creative Loafing reading. I could tell we had just beat the after work crowd b/c as we were leaving patrons started pouring in. All in all, a great place for some take home sushi :-)
3	I wish they had more roll options but what they do have tastes good, comes at a very reasonable price and is close to the office.Unfortunately though, the other day they gave me a salmon cream cheese roll instead of a salmon cucumber roll.  That was highly disappointing and annoying since i had to waste time stripping half the cream cheese out of each piece in order to enjoy them.
4	I travel to charlotte for work on a regular basis (will be moving soon) and I've been on a mission to find great sushi in this city. I've been to Niko, which does have a great environment and good sushi, but it didn't blow me away.  Also, sometimes I'm just not up for all that after a long day, which is why I tried KO. Now my rating is partially based in food and on convenience because there is no eating in here. As for the food, I would say 3.5 stars, as I didn't like the spicy tuna, but the salmon and yellowtail were great-very fresh tasting! Also the seaweed salad was good but had a little too much dressing on it for my taste, it should be a cleaner taste in my opinion but all in all a good takeout/delivery option at the end of the day. What got this place to 4 stars for me was the online ordering. I absolutely hate calling anywhere and placing an order over the phone and I'm glad to see that sushi has followed pizza by participating in online ordering. It's not that the people aren't nice or pleasant (the staff was actually quite pleasant during my pick up) but I just don't like calling, so this place makes me very happy and I will definitely be ordering sushi online again from KO.
4	the spicy tuna roll is really good and the fish seemed fresh. i also ordered the teriyaki chicken and rice dish and that was super good too. the portions are great (8 pieces for the roll) and a mildly hearty rice dish. the prices are great as well and i cant argue with that yo.
4	I just moved to Charlotte from San Diego, and have been looking for a decently priced sushi with good quality. K.O. is moderately price and the sushi is fresh. I like the fact that it is a take-out place. We had the Dragon and Eel roll as well as the seaweed salad. Everything was great and I will defiantly go back soon.
5	I hesitated at first giving a five-star rating to a carry-out place, but this place is 5-star. The sushi was fresh and the portions were generously cut. We ordered a selection of nigiri and rolls to go. Prices were excellent, particularly when considering the value. Highly recommended!
2	Meh is a good word (or sound?) to describe this joint.It's a great place for a quick lunch during the weekdays but I would never come here with a sushi craving.  I got take-out one night for dinner (was pretty desperate for food and hungry).  The sushi here is mediocre.  The quality of the fish isn't anything you're going to be impressed with (can't expect it, with the low prices).This is a good bring-back-to-your-desk lunch for the workaholics out there.I will agree with the other Yelp reviewers that it's a great place for the money though.
4	Still love this place for sushi delivery, however, on a whim, I decided to order the chicken terryaki since there is a $15 minimum delivery and it was terrible :(  There is a ginger infusion to it, but it tasted very odd.  It was only $6.95 but I could only have a few bites and then I tossed it.  Again, sushi is great.  I just wouldn't recommend straying from their main forte!
3	It's a fast food sushi place with surprisingly fresh food.  Service is great actually... the dude up front who takes your order and is the general "face" of the organization is super attentive, very nice and a little uhmm... what's the politically correct term.... uhh... well if you spoke with or met the guy you'd know what I was talking about - he's really nice!There's only a high top bar area in a crowded space, so don't plan on sitting and eating here, the entire place is organized to be take out only.  Also - good luck navigating their website, that thing could use some help - it took me 10 minutes to find their phone number!Tips:  They've got a promotion now where if you buy $8 worth of sushi they'll give you a free can of soda.  They also have a frequent flyer card where you can get a discount if you repeat visit so often.
4	Yeeeah I love this place. Cheap, quick and fast like a takeout urban sprawled sushi joint should be. Tuna rolls are around 6 bucks and quite tasty. Although the menu is quite slim, they do offer the necessities. Seating is limited to about 4 benches so be prepared to take it to go. Being it's a take out joint, in true fashion they deliver. Mega points there for one of the few delivery restaurants in the area. Not to mention sushi!
4	What a gem! I was in town for business and asked the hotel's front desk clerk for a sushi recommendation.  Totally skeptical when he mentioned a "good take-out place" and followed up with "My favorite is the California roll!"  Pressed for time, I lowered my expectations and gave it a go.K.O. is smaller than small, and I almost walked right past it.  Glad I didn't however, because like they say - good things come in small packages. The counter staff was informative and enthusiastic, the menu is overwhelmingly diverse, and the sushi turned out to be some of the best I've had!  Don't pass up the Volcano roll for a different take on a spicy standard, or any roll which comes with their very unique and tasty Angel sauce.
3	Hello FriendsI've come here many times. Guess I forgot to write a review!!Welp, again Grumbles and I ventured out on this Wet/Sunny/Rainy day in search of wonderfull BIG LUNCH. The 2nd of my BIG LUNCH stop (1st being Jersey Mikes #9). I walked into K.O. today about 11:15ish. Much to my delight, I was the only patron inside. Great, I beat the lunch crowd. I ordred the Rainbow Roll - 7.99 = California Roll with 5 kinds of fish (see pix)It was pretty good. I'll try it againONLY thing I DON'T like about this place is the fact they they go behind a secret exit to make your roll. Like, What are you guys doing back there. I would like to see someone making my food. Not just taking my order and vanishing into the back somewhere.
4	Tried this place for the first time on Wednesday and it did not disappoint.  The rolls were fresh and delish and you can't beat the price.  My favorite rolls (that I will be ordering again) are the Perfect Match Roll, Anything Roll, and Tiger Roll.  This place might have the best sushi in town.
4	This is really good sushi for a takeout place! The sushi tastes just as good if not better than fancy sit-down restaurants. I usually just walk in the store and order, and it usually takes around 10 minutes to prepare it, similar to other takeout joints. I am a huge fan of their special Fireworks rolls. It's got so many fresh, good ingredients, such as tempura shrimp, cucumber, other fish (I can't remember), and thick, grilled tuna wrapped around the sushi rice, topped off with their sweet soy sauce! It's very rich and full of unique flavors.  Also, try their octopus salad. It's a good compliment with your sushi. I would also recommend their Charlotte or K.O. combo which includes nigiri. For the quality and price, it is a great valueI have not tried their "hot" food yet, such as udon or hasaki plates, but I will keep you all posted.
4	1st time customer: I did an online order for delivery, but I didn't get my food until almost 2 hours later. I did however get half off! Other than that issue, the sushi was great! I will order it again, hopefully without a delivery problem.
4	Looking for somewhere fast to satisfy your sushi craving? K.O. Sushi is a great place to go! This was my first time going here and I'm definitely going to go here again to try another item from their wide menu selection.It's a small establishment - just enough room to go in and order/pick up your food and there are 2 seating areas right at the windows with 2 wooden stools each facing the Historic Latta Arcade. It has a sanitation rating of 97.5 - something I care about since I like ordering sushi with raw fish.I ordered the eel roll and salmon roll which came to a total of about $10.00. The cashier told me the eel roll would take about 5 minutes but that wasn't bad it all because it was totally worth it. The sushi wasn't ice cold, unlike other places I've experienced several times when eating sushi. The salmon smelled fresh and it felt smooth and delicate in my mouth.With my order, they gave packets of real soy sauce (water, wheat, soybeans, salt, alcohol - none of that caramel color stuff with flavoring), chopsticks, and napkins with a little plastic container tucked inside to pour the soy sauce into.I have a great love for sushi and I really enjoyed my meal from here. I highly recommend this place.
4	KO has my favorite sushi in Charlotte. It's quick and easy, but they don't sacrifice freshness or flavor.KO is a go to lunch place for my coworkers and me in uptown. It's take out only, but it's enjoyable to head over to Wells Fargo and eat or easy to bring back to the office. I love their lunch specials: free soda with purchase over $7, 50% off a $20 purchase on your birthday, and the lunch box combo, which gives you more pieces than a regular roll, but not as much as two rolls, which is just the right amount. And it's about $7 to $8, which is super affordable.My new favorite thing is to call them before I leave the office, and then swing by to pick up dinner on my way home.Don't be fooled because it's just a take out sushi place. So far, it's the best sushi I've have in Charlotte.(the only downside is for delivery, you need to order $30 or more).
3	It's tough to give sushi in this town above 3 stars. I'm spoiled, I'm from the New York where sushi is incredible and we don't shove cream cheese or mayo into everything and call it a day. However, this place is quick, easy, and filling. Makes for a good lunch spot, in a town that needs more variety for lunch.
4	A fantastic place to get take-out sushi! The quality is solid. All products used are good. Generous portions of avocado and ginger. Also, I believe there is a discount off their menu on Saturdays. I hope one day they expand to have seating... it is so good.
3	Alright sushi. At least they have a few good roles for $5 ish. Good and quick for a pick-up lunch during the work week.No seating. Takeout/Pick up only.
3	Stop the rice madness! Too much rice on these rolls. Looks like you guys are now rotating 3 pieces of the lunchbox so that all pieces can fit because the rolls are too big.
1	gosh, Charlotte must have low standards in sushi. This place was fairly terrible. Threw away 80% of my order. Salmon should have a taste and rice should be white, not 50 shades of gray.
4	I LOVE sushi! So, any place that is able to provide quick and decent sushi is great! This place is takeout/delivery only. I like to call ahead, so I can just walk over and get back to work.Went here today for lunch. I got the mini-salad and the Hiro roll. The mini salad is anything but mini! It's a pretty decent side salad and I really love their ginger dressing with it. The Hiro rolls are really big and filling. All this for about $8 (plus, if you spend over $7, you get a free drink!). Will definitely continue coming here as my go-to quick sushi spot!
5	Love the spicy yellow tail, and my girlfriend loves whatever complicated roll she gets.
5	Love the spicy yellow tail, and my girlfriend loves whatever complicated roll she gets.
1	Terrible! I threw the majority of my order away. The soup was inedible. The sushi turned my stomach. I'm still hoping I'm not going to get sick from this experience. The service was fast, though.
4	I work in Uptown and go here for lunch at least twice a week.  I love the veggie udon soup.  The service is fast and the food tastes fresh.  My pick for "to go" sushi in Uptown.  It is not a sit down place so there are no tables but I usually take it back to my office anyway.
5	Great little take out place. Price vs quality, can't get any better. Go for the udon!
3	This sushi spot is average at best. The rolls have too much rice and hardly any fish. I would rather pay extra and get more substance than just eat a bunch of rice. I wish they had some sort of seating. I go here when I need to grab a quick work day lunch. It's on par with grocery store grade pre made sushi
5	This is a small take out spot so I did not expect much.  Found it very fresh for a good price.  I only order at night. They always make my rolls fresh to order.  They did have a display case it looks like they may fill up to accommodate the lunch rushes so I can't comment on their pre-made rolls.  I am a very satisfied regular customer.
4	I consider myself a connoisseur of take-out sushi,  everyone needs to know a lot about something right?K.O is solid sushi with reliable delivery, good value and unlike most sushi spots...is very easy to order from. My wife and I  have ordered from here three times since we moved to Charlotte six weeks ago and we have been really happy with it.  It is about 40 bucks including delivery for the two of us.Highly recommend the Hiro, Crunchy and Tiger Rolls.
4	Decent sushi at an extremely good price. It's a very small shop so we took the rolls to go. For ~$38 we were able to get 5 rolls and 2 udons for dinner. The service was kind of slow at the time but I went with 5 other people who had separate orders. It probably isn't the best sushi in town but you can definitely satisfy a sushi craving given the low price and large rolls. We plan on going again.
2	I love my sushi however I would not recommend this place unless you are low on time. They are very fast but the quality is not up to par. I would consider this place below average sushi
3	This is a no frills sushi place.  They are primarily a take-out or delivery sushi place.  There are two small stools near a counter window if you're really needing to stay.The menu is pretty limited to the mainstays of the American sushi scene.  Don't expect anything fancy on it.Their seaweed salad was priced cheaper than I expected but somehow it had a salty taste, just slightly, it threw me off as odd.  The calamari salad was also cheap and tasted very good.I tried some of the salmon and yellowtail rolls as well as ordered a sushi of salmon and yellowtail.  At first I thought the price of the sushi was kinda high for a single piece;  $2.50  But when I saw the sushi, the fish was a big piece, so I was much happier with the price.  Both the sushi pieces tasted better than the rolls to me.  Next time I'm just going to order straight up sushi and not the rolls.I will say the maki rolls were decent sized in diameter, certainly not your smaller variety.Quality was OK to good.  I think their fish is reasonably fresh.  They do focus on the mainstays, so they try not to have much to carryover.  In fact, I think I noticed they have a 50% discount after a certain time...was it 3 pm? of any fish left in the cooler, so that they do get a good turnaround.Overall, I'd say good in a pinch.  I'd put it on par as freshly made grocery store sushi.  Which is definitely a step above grocery store sushi as sushi that sits in the cooler for a while is yucky as the rice hardens.  And the price is reasonable, though I wouldn't go as far to say cheap, but then...do you really want to try cheap sushi?
5	I order delivery from here all of the time! Grade A quality fish! The rolls are absolutely delicious!
3	K.O. offers some pretty standard sushi items. They have a modest yet good selection of sushi and soups. They have a couple good vegetarian options like the V3 roll and the vegetable undo soup.The place is a small take out with no seating directly outside. However, right up the street is Romare Bearden Park! Weather permitting, it is great to sit at the park and eat lunch.Compared to other sushi joint in center city K.O. is dramatically more affordable. You can easily get full on sushi for under ten bucks. All and all a great place to grab some lunch on the go.
5	I order delivery from here every week. It is really good! Especially those special rolls.
3	How anyone thinks this is good sushi is beyond me. I take it as what it is: Fast food Sushi on the go.- Fish are like canned food, but the good kind.- Service is real quick, to a point it's scary.- Very simple and easy to use website, easy to get what you want.- Doesn't taste too good, but doesn't taste terrible.If you are craving something quick and want some decent but not good sushi, this isn't a bad option. Don't expect too much as it's not that good, and if you think it's good then it's time for you to go to an actual sushi restaurant.
