1	Very disappointed with my experience yesterday!  Being a new restaurant I expected first week bugs.  Customer service is very important to me and today Haymaker missed the mark.  Upon arriving we were greeted and seated quickly.  We were hoping to order breakfast but was told it was no longer an option because they stopped taking orders for breakfast at 11:30 (though it was 11:25 at the time).  Not a problem, their lunch menu looked great.  We waited for 20 minutes for about first contact with one if the wait staff.  We asked for recommendations when we were greeted by the waitress and, with her recommendation, ordered our food and drinks at the same time.   We then proceeded to wait for over an hour food.  About 50 minutes in, we were told that they were sorry for the wait they were having difficulty in the kitchen transitioning from breakfast to lunch.  We politely thank her and recognized that we understood.  About 65 minutes into our wait, our food arrived.  We ordered a French Dip sandwich and their BLAT (bacon, lettuce, avocado & fried tomato).  The French Dip was great, a little soggy but had a great taste.  The BLAT was very dry and lacked taste.  It was not bad enough to not eat but was not very good.  At the end of the meal we asked if there was anything they could do for us for the wait.  The waitress stated that she had already asked the manager and she had said no.  We then asked to talk to the manager and she said that she was sorry and she recognized that we had waited a very long time for our meal.  She stated that they were new and it was the computer/transition to breakfast and there was nothing they could do.  After a few more minutes of conversation, she agreed to comp us one meal.  I first recommend the manager reading the book Fred 2.0.  The customer experience is so important and even having to ask for something to be done due to the long wait fails to meet "great customer service".  Being in the service industry myself, I would have comped the meal and given a free return meal so we could prove to the customer how great we normally are.  Unfortunately I will not be returning and will recommend to others to do the same....
2	Horrible service, but great food. Who runs out of ketchup?
5	Our Second time in and it was even better than the first! We started off with Happy hour beers,  just $4 for a 32oz-er and some hot wings. The wings were meaty, crispy, and the sauce was excellent (A little spice and a hint of sweet)The kids had free meals since it was Wednesday, and this time I had the French Dip and my wife had the Pulled Pork sandwich. Both were amazing, the pulled pork was more of a fork and knife meal that a sandwich per say but the meat was smokey and delicious. The French dip had onions and mushrooms with a great au jus. I haven't been able to make it to dessert yet but I will be back many times so I'm sure I will get there. The service was great and the kitchen was a little slow but it is a sit down restaurant and the atmosphere is so nice we didn't mind. I'm so happy to have the haymaker so close to my home and I think this is going to be my regular place!
4	When thinking of my experience here and wishing I wrote it sooner since it's been a week since I've been here, I smile.My hubby and I had a great time during happy hour here. We sat in the bar area and watched Monday night football while our friendly bartender, Christian, always made sure our mason jars were full. Yes, most drinks are served in mason jars, beers included. However, even with the nice array of craft beers on tap, we couldn't help but notice their whiskey selections. I ordered two whiskey cocktails, the South Paw and the Bird Dog peach Whiskey lemonade drinks, and they definitely packed a punch! They even serve moonshine cocktails as well. Joey, the owner, (at least I think that's what his name was - it's hard to remember after having so many good cocktails - in a good way), was very well knowledgable about his whiskeys and is pondering doing whiskey flights at some point. He is very friendly and loves to hear what patrons of his restaurant have to say. The bread pudding is out of this world good!! It'll have you dreaming of more once you leave so make sure you order this if nothing else.Wings were good. I would order them spicy to get an extra kick because obviously mild just won't cut it. I personally also enjoyed the full rack of ribs which were pretty tasty compared to the country fried chicken. The country fried chicken was tender, juicy, and really good but I expected it to be more like the unhealthy but decadent thick breading type that you'd get at LoLo's or Cracker Barrel and not the light breading that you'd find on chicken that's.. Well healthier. But it's covered in a queso sauce of some sort with diced peppers and other southwestern seasonings that made it enjoyable.This restaurant is definitely going to be a permanent staple in our diets because we enjoyed the laid back atmosphere, friendly staff, good food, and whiskey.
5	I had the Texan burger and my wife had the French dip. Both were absolutely delicious. We each had a beer on happy hour, both were great and really cold.Service was awesome and really polished. I was really excited for this place to open and was not disappointed!  Great food in a great atmosphere.
5	The Haymaker is awesome!  Service was great, breakfast was delicious and the Bloody Marys hit the spot.  Add in great prices and portions and you have a must visit destination.
3	My husband tasted my French Dip and said I should eat his burger because the French Dip wasn't too good. I tried a piece of beef and it was very chewy and reminded me of shoe leather. Some of the beef wasn't edible because it was like rubber and cut the wrong way with the grain instead of against it but they did take the time to add onions and mushrooms to it.  The Bread was some kind of squishy bread that seemed like a relative of a hot dog roll and my sweet potato fries were very squishy and just warm. Maybe it just wasn't the best day for a French Dip or sweet potato fries.My husband's Burger was OK! The burger was cooked medium the cheese was melted and the roll was fresh. The fries on this plate were fresh and crisp. The green chile on the burger was cold and would have been better if it was warm but still the burger was OK. No it wasn't the best burger but it was OK.The menu is very basic or uninspired depending on your take of it. This is a family friendly kind of place and is budget priced. It's the kind of place I might take my nieces or nephews too instead of Burger King and also my older relatives that don't like anything ethnic because of the kind of food and prices but I wouldn't ever think of getting a French Dip again.2.5 Stars Rounded UP to three stars because the burger was OK.
4	Although the outside looks like a warehouse store,the inside is very well designed. The food is very tasty. I had the 'Grown up grilled cheese' and their addition of brie to the traditional combo of cheddar and bacon makes it special.I will definitely return to try the other items on the menu!
2	I really wanted this to be great but it was just ok.  The kids are all $5 and my daughter got one slice if French toast and a drink that is not much food for my money.  I got the BLAT, it was good but it says its on Texas toast but mine was on wheat toast.  My husband ordered a hot dog and it was ok but the bun was dried out and covered in a huge pile if grilled onions.The service was slow, but she was nice and friendly.  I don't think we will be going back anytime soon.
5	Just got home from dinner. Very good burgers and fries! The burgers were cooked perfectly and neither the burgers or fries were over-salted. Our server Courtney was very good too. Definitely will give all the area restaurants a run for their money if tonight is the norm. Way to go, Haymaker!
4	Tried The Haymaker tonight and it was nice. Our waiter was great but I think the kitchen was a little uncoordinated with our food but wasn't that big of a deal. Food was very good. The apple cider vinaigrette dressing on my salad was the star of the evening, absolutely delicious, but I wish it wouldn't have had the blue cheese crumbles on it, not my taste. Had the BBQ chicken and half rack of ribs, both very good, rib meat was fall of the bone tender. Had a little kick too. All in all it was good though a little pricey. Will definitely be back.
3	Good happy hour drink prices. Limited appetizers on menu. The beef sliders and sweet potato fries were very good. Nice decor and bar area. Great to have another non-chain bar/restaurant in area. Thank you for great time and service Jen (bartender).
4	We had 8 people try the newly-opened Haymaker last night.  The staff was very accomodating by rearranging some tables so we could all sit together.  The menu has a lot of "comfort" food, which is perfect for me.  The food and service was very good.  They have happy hour until 7PM with $2 16-ounce draft beer.  Overall, a good experience and we will be coming back.
1	My family and I went here yesterday for a late lunch. It was around 245pm and with hardly anyone inside we thought it would be an in-and-out kind of experience. We asked our server what the place was known for, and she replied 'burgers.' We ordered drinks and it took roughly 15 minutes to get. The drinks came out wrong and with melted ice. My father then asked the server what size were the burgers. She said she didn't know and that they were about 'medium size.'  What?! She left to go ask the kitchen and returned 5 minutes later. At this point, we are starving and thirsty for cold drinks. We start to order, my father tries to place his order and our server tells him that she needs to go 'in order' and she'll get to him. Clearly this woman has never waited tables before. When the food finally came, it was 352pm and was not remotely worth the headache. There is quite a bit more regarding delays, no refills, etc but I think you get the gist. This establishment has the potential but clearly needs to focus on its staff and work on training a bit more. I wouldn't visit this establishment again.
3	Just ate at the haymaker for the first time since they opened. I had the half sandwich Ruben with side Caesar salad. The sandwich was good and the salad dressing was very good. Also had the bread pudding which was so good! Would definitely have that again. Got there just passed the cut off for breakfast, but the chef went ahead and made breakfast for my husband. The prices are a little on the high-end and the drinks are too expensive. Three dollars for a glass of iced tea is too much. Next time we just won't order drinks. The atmosphere was very nice inside the restaurant.
4	Had lunch at Haymaker Restaurant yesterday.  I had a cup of chicken noodle soup and half of a very-lean pastrami sandwich - both were very good.  I overheard a conversation with the owner/manager and the folks in the next booth and those guests were raving about the burger and french dip.  I think this place is a keeper.
2	I had the combo of ribs and chicken.  The ribs were great, juicy and falling off the bone.  Chicken was extremely dry, took it home to dogs.  Hubby had burger,  was not asked how he wanted it cooked, no ketchup nor mustard was brought nor even asked if wanted.  We were asked if we wanted soda refills,  we said yes, but never got them. Service was terrible.  Had to ask "greeter" for soda and the rest of our meal that was never brought out. On the way home, hubby and I were discussing the service, and I asked how big a tip he left. He said none, because an 18 percent gratuity was added in!!! I was shocked and asked why.  He said he noticed the number of guests in our party was 9, and tip was auto added. The problem is there were only TWO of us!!!Our server was Patricia. ... not only was the service bad, she let this happen.
4	We have been in several times alreadyvand have never been disappointed.  The burgers were good as well as the fries. Very friendly and accomadating overall.  Owner there and stops to say hi. Happy hour has great menu and prices. Food good. Staff improved with each visit..  Nice to have restaurant like this so close.
3	Not so hot. We waited an hour for our meal. The waitress kept telling us that they were backed up in the kitchen. She did apologize and comped us a dessert. They haven't been open too long and they need to get the kinks out. Hopefully they will.
5	Went there for breakfast and it was amazing. My guest and I ordered the Arizona omelet.  The green Chili's and salsa were not too spicy, they were just right. The eggs were so fluffy and light.  Service was great. Mike took amazing care of us. He was so friendly, i will go back and ask for him again next time. My coffee was full through out the entire meal.As far as the decor goes, it was all American country themed. Very welcoming. I would love to try the dinner there some time. I also noticed they have some great dinner for 2 specials throughout the week. Keep up the good work.
3	Good beer it comes in a jar cute little touch, food was average didn't care for the side of mixed veggies wish I could have an opt. On sides
5	Third time to Haymaker.  We had 6 for dinner and again the staff was very accommodating.  I had the bacon burger and fresh cut french fries which was very good.  The other members of my party all had very good meals.  Looks I'll be back for a 4th visit soon.
5	We have been there several times by ourselves and with friends.  We all keep wanting to go back when we are wondering what to do.  The atmosphere is so welcoming!  Feels like you just walked into the series set "Cheers".  Everyone is so friendly and they are sure to recognize us and give us a friendly welcome.  The service is wonderful!  I know there are a few, four or lower star ratings, however, this place is just getting started and the owner, Joey, and his brother, have done amazing at trying to please everyone!  There are too many "jabs" and expectations on such a new place.  It has become the neighborhood hangout and Joey has great plans on trying to meet all the expectations!  He is planning an outdoor patio, and as someone wrote earlier, yes, Joey knows his whiskeys!  We love their happy hour!  Lots to choose from and great prices.  We always get the wings and ribs :)  I really hope you give it a try and hope that all those not so satisfied, try it again.  They are new.  Give them a chance.
5	We took the kids for dinner... My husband and I both had the ribs and the kids had chicken tenders and a hot dog. Everything was delicious, the service was excellent and a family member of the owner came by to ask us how we were doing. This place is a great find... local business with a warm, friendly atmosphere.. Highly recommend!!!
4	Came here for a Friday lunch for a friends birthday. The girl who served our table was very friendly! I ordered the raspberry lemoneddie and couldn't get enough! If it hadn't have been midday I could have enjoyed a few more. Not the sweetest drink, which I typically try and stay away from. It was fun to drink our beverages out of mason jars! Didn't imagine the place to be so southern but it hit me pretty quickly as I walked in!!! I ordered a BBQ chicken salad and was impressed! Bbqed chicken, ranch, BBQ sauce, lettuce and fried onions mixed in! Our server was so nice to take pictures for us and also brought out the cake we surprised our friend with. She didn't once complain about having to bring extra plates or new forks to us. I appreciated her positive attitude, also!!!
4	A great family owned neighborhood restaurant. Good atmosphere and good service. We visited for breakfast and it was great. The server paid great attention to detail. Will be back for sure!
3	Man, I wanted to love this place.  We SOOOO need a great family restaurant out here.  I came close to a 4 star, but.....  The wife's fish and chips (no chips - remember the new diet) was absolutely great.  Wish i had ordered that instead of the French Dip.  After all the wonderful things said about the French Dip....sorrry, my beef was without flavor and the au jus didn't help a bit and I used lots of salt to try and pep it up.  Sorry, folks, tonight was not our night.  I'll try it again, but LW's Hideaway is better.....at least to my tastebuds.  And at least tonight.
4	After seeing mixed reviews it was time to try it out. We were pleasantly surprised based on the following:The decor was very nice and inviting.We had the French Dip (very good) the roast beef was very tender. The mild wings were cooked just the way we asked and flavored perfectly. The beef barley soup and grilled cheese were awesome! The sirloin steak was also very tender. The prices seemed just right for the quality and quantity you received. As for the desserts! Bread pudding was to die for! We will definitely go back and try other menu items. So glad a good place,non-chain fast food restaurant has finally opened here on Lake Pleasant Rd and Happy Valley.
3	My family and I have eaten here several times and love it!  However, tonight we ate there and my kids ordered off of the kids menu. It really should be called the toddler menu. The portions were very tiny! The kids hamburger is a slider and the fries...there were 6 French fries with each kids meal. Next time I'll pay the extra $ and let them order off of the adult menu. Overall we love the restaurant! Just don't order off of the kids menu...your kids will leave hungry.
4	After writing the original review, the manager contacted me and we discussed some of the issues I encountered.  Since he took the time to do that, I decided it was only fair to give them another chance.  Second trip:Our second trip was nothing like the first.  We walked in the door and were promptly greeted by the hostess.  The server was prompt in taking our drink & food orders and the food was served quickly.  Everybody at the table was happy with the quality of the food and we decided it's worth coming back again.  Original review:Sadly our visit started with waiting a few minutes for the hostess to come up while the rest of the staff walked past us like we were invisible.  After being seated, the same pattern happened with the wait staff and no one came to take a drink order. Had it been busy in there, I'd understand but there was only a hand full of tables and 4 or 5 servers. After 10 minutes of waiting, we got up and left.
2	I didn't read any reviews prior to visiting, and I wish I would have. The venue was clean and has a rustic Patriotic/Christian theme. We were promptly seated, and the staff were all pleasant. The food was, however, nothing to write home about.I ordered the California Chicken Salad. The dressing and walnuts were great, but the salad was mainly iceberg lettuce. The chicken was rubbery and flavorless; I could not eat it. My date got the Wrangler Burger which was just ok as well. There are definitely better burgers in the valley.  As the menu is so limited, I do not believe we will be back.
4	Another Bar in the area!  We opted for a late lunch and love this place.  It's a great burger/sandwich joint on North Lake Pleasant pkwy and they have breakfast too.    The whiskey bacon cheese burger was great and so was the pulled pork sandwich.  The only disappointment was the "side" of mac-n-cheese came in a side dipping bowl - literally two tablespoons of mac-n-cheese.  We think they could have done better there, but otherwise a good, local place.They have some cool "values" all over the walls.  It's nice to see this too.Be ready - it's small, across the parking lot from a McDonalds and we hear and see it all fills up quickly.  Be patient.
5	My husband and I ate here last night for our "date night," and we have no regrets choosing The Haymaker! I got the BLAT sandwich, (which was delicious, by the way) and he got the ribs/chicken plate (I can't remember the name on the menu, but it was also VERY good!) His came with baked mac'n'cheese and mine with sweet potato fries. We were 100% satisfied with our food, and after ordering the bread pudding for dessert we were stuffed to the brim. It was great food for a great price, and we definitely plan on returning!
1	Second and most likely last visit.  Wife had ribs and they were sent back for they were cold.  I had fish and chips.  You could taste the oil.  I would of sent back if someone checked on us, but more about that later.  My son had Mac and cheese, which is Kraft.  I don't understand why restaurants serve Kraft-especially when they have mac and cheese on the adult menu.  My daughter had the wings appetizer they were ok.We saw our waitress 3x.  The first for our drink order-which took an excessive time to get and deliver.  our food order was the second time.  And the third time was to deliver the check.  We had to track down a bus boy to get my wife's order fixed and ranch for my daughter's wings.  So mediocre food+poor service=not for me.  Nice atmosphere, close to home, and different but they got some work to do.  Would of been nice if the waitress or manager followed up on a sent back order-that is what most places do.
4	Went for breakfast and we were very impressed. The food was all really good and fair prices. Went for dinner later and the burger was nice. We like the atmosphere and they have a good drink selection including a ton of whisky.
5	good breakfast place
3	Good food strong drinks
4	A great place for gluten free people. They have gluten free buns and bread and the french fries are gluten free. A welcome addition to places to eat. Prices are a little on the high side. They need more coupons and specials. Very busy and noisy because there just aren't enough restaurants in area. Only have been one time looking forward to going and checking out some more of the menu
5	We have eaten here 7 or 8 times for dinner. We have tried many of the items. I just tried the Joey's Primavera Pasta and loved it. The Caesar Salad was very crisp and delicious, a bit heavy on the dressing, but my hubby likes it that way. :-)My favorite dinner here is the Ribs! so tender and the sauce is amazing! Mac and cheese is pretty awesome too. I like the coleslaw and steamed vegies. Fish and chips are wonderfully crunchy and fresh.After  this many visits, we've only had one bad server. Normally they are right on. Also a good selection of BEER. We need to try the breakfast and lunch menu now.Try it you'll like it. Good ol' Merican fare!
2	Bad general experience. I bought a groupon and went for breakfast. There were plenty of open tables, but the waitresses were stressed with the orders; young man at hostess station asked us to sit at bar and wait 7-10, for the "rush" to slow down. He was very pleasant, brought coffee and water. After we were seated, the same male hostess came and took our order, he wasn't familiar with the menu, but he was trying to help. 40 minute wait for our food, which was meh, could of had the same at Denny's. We didn't have a waitress, so no one came back to the table to refill drinks or check on the food, except same male hostess stopped to see if we were ok. Flagged down a waitress for the check, 10 minutes later a different waitress dropped it off. She took my groupon which was $20 toward food.  Total bill was $22.37. Then a different waitress came back and said, she could only take $15 off the bill because I needed to pay the tax. (Tax was $1.87)  and she had already run my card for $7.35, instead of the $2.35I use Groupons towards new restaurants all the time and this is a first.  I'll never go back because food was not great and they didn't honor the Groupon as sold.
3	At the recommendation of a local we tried the Haymaker for dinner. I had the French dip which was really good. My husband had the pulled pork sandwich. It was just ok. It was a little on the dry side with not much sauce at all. I had French fries and he ordered onion rings. He got 3 small onion rings which tasted good but really? Only 3? The French fries arrived later than my sandwich and again were a scanty helping. I would try this place again though. It had nice wait staff and a fun atmosphere.
5	Update: I just had to give them 5 stars again!!! I've been here a lot since my first great experience and it has not let me down. The menu is not huge but they have the best bbq ribs and burgers around.  The bar and wait staff are awesome. It's definitely my favorite place in town for family dining, happy hour AND date night. I heard the breakfast is great too! This is a must try.
5	Oh my gosh,  this is such a great addition to the west valley. Great atmosphere, great food at a great value.  Very family friendly and management seems to be eager to ensure that your experience is top notch. Breakfast was crowded so we went back for lunch and glad we did.  The Texas Burger was excellent as was the pulled pork. Looking forward to returning to try the other items as they all sounded good.Restrooms like the rest of the restaurant were very clean. My parents and I were very impressed and plan to return often.
5	Great place for breakfast! Fresh good, great service. The owner was very friendly, I will be back!!
5	So last night started out with what appeared to be a huge wait...however for a party of 2 we were seated right away! Yay! Our waitress was friendly and attentive as always. There were a couple hiccups with our orders but the end result was delicious as usual. I've eaten there probably 30 times...hiccups happen. But what the (I'm assuming) owner did to make it right was above and beyond customer service! It showed us that they truly do care about the customer. Needless to say, we will continue to be regulars!
5	We are cooks ourselves so we don't eat out often because you just can't find good food. This restaurant is the exception to that rule. Properly prepared food at the correct temperature. The taste and texture of food like this is a pleasure to eat. They didn't skimp on the portion size not too much not too little. The wait staff did a great job of providing quick courteous service. The kitchen also provided prompt service not making you wait for your meal. Even though the store was very busy on a Friday evening the experience was great. We noticed also that the menu choices were not too many enough choices but not so many that the kitchen is overloaded with prep times. It is better to do a few things very well than to fail at many things. If you like food that tastes and looks like it was cooked by professional chefs at a Price that is reasonable give this restaurant a try.
4	Found ourselves hungry on the opposite side of town.   Googled for a FAMILY OWNED restaurant.  Found it in a sea of corporate eateries in the Target parking lot!  Looking GOOD.Nice WHISKEY menu.  They also carry some Arizona brewery beers so kudos to the owners for promoting Local beers. Clean, simple set-up very patriotic without being corny.I ordered the French Dip and Frings (1/2 and 1/2).  Very fresh. Very tasty. NOT oily.  Side order of fresh horseradish brought tears of joy to my eyes and cleared my sinuses for the weekend!  Pleasant service.  Good sized portions.  Very reasonably priced menu.LOCALLY OWNED - think local, eat local, drink local.
4	Excellent service. the BL AT was delicious. Bacon was cooked well ,prices were good .country fried chicken need a little more seasoning but was still very tasty we will definitely be back here
4	Not a bad place for an average night out to eat or for lunch. Had the Lariat burger, nothing too special but still a good burger. By the taste I'm assuming their meat if naturally raised cows from Montana. Good prices as well!
4	We have been to the Haymaker 5 times now and it never disappoints.  It is nice to have a non-chain restaurant in the area that has very good food & service.  The decor is great also.  I would highly recommend.
3	The first time we visited this restaurant was for breakfast and it was great.  They even had gluten free bread - bonus for me!  We went back for dinner and I was a little disappointed.  I ordered the hamburger patty melt on the gluten free bread.  The waitress said they did not have gluten free bread.  When I told her that they did have the other day she did say sorry and went to the kitchen to find out.  Sure enough she said They could make it gluten free for me.  When it arrived and I bit in to it - only one piece of bread was grilled - the bottom piece was plain bread.  How do you miss that when you are cooking.  The bottom piece was not even buttered so that it could be grilled.  When I mentioned it to her she said "would you like me to take it back?"  I did say no when I should have said yes but I just did not want to wait any longer and eat alone when my husband would be finished.  Don't you think she just should have said sorry and whisked my plate away to the kitchen to be cooked properly without even asking!  And when I said no it's OK I'll just eat it like this - she should have had the Manager come over and talk to me.  My husband and I looked around and did not even see anyone that remotely looked like they were in charge.  Besides the Patti melt was dry and tasteless with nothing on it.  It must have had the skinniest piece of cheese in the world on it.  Don't think I will try this restaurant again.  It is ok for a breakfast place and maybe for lunch but not a great atmosphere for dinner.
4	Awesome little spot. Great alternative to Lake Side Bar and Grill. Even when the wait seems long, they are efficient in their turn around. Their bar tenders are always on point and make solid drinks. Their menu is a bit on the short side hence 4 stars. For what they do have, it's always good no matter your choice. Try the salmon for dinner.. My favorite.
5	Was very pleased. First time here but the service was good and fast and food was excellent. The "burger of the month" had bacon and egg on it and was awesome. Very large whiskey selection. My brother accidentally spilled his drink but it was cleaned up very fast. Overall good place and I'll be going back!
5	Extremely impressed with Haymaker restaurant! My son got the steak it was cooked to perfection! I got the ribs and chicken, both full of flavor perfectly cooked. I will go back for those ribs again and again. There was not one thing wrong with our entire meal. Great atmosphere friendly and knowledgeable staff. Looking forward to going back again!
4	Fantastic burgers, pretty good not overly salty BBQ pulled pork sandwiches, and delicious regular and sweet potato fries are just a few of the reasons this place has joined my regular visit list.  Some other reasons I enjoy this place so much is a great happy hour, a whiskey as far as the eye can see, and an outgoing staff that shows pride in their establishment.  I did seem to notice the food on my last few visits to be a bit on the greasy side.  That is is the some reason I am giving The Haymaker 4 our of 5 stars.  Overall this is a place you go to if a good meal, at a reasonable cost in a comfortable relaxed atmosphere is what you desire.
4	Came back and had the Fish and Chips. They were awesome and good portions! We also came in for breakfast another day and was pleasantly surprised. Had the Country fried steak with eggs and enjoyed it. Love having a place like this right down the road
5	Had the best breakfast this morning! Try the California Omelet. Cooked to perfection along with the hash browns.
4	Went in on a Friday night for a burger (quite nice I might add) to try the place out.  Classy, rustic ambiance, good food that is unassuming and straightforward, but the whisky list- my the whisky list!  Granted, as a collector with appreciation for all whiskys, there were some notable brand omissions, but I was able to sample some rye I had some curiosity about.  Order a flight sometime and learn how to appreciate this amazing spirit.  Very agreeable menu with tasty cocktails.  The bar had no problem with making my Old Fashioned in the variation I preferred.  I really like this joint a lot.  The food is good enough for any occasion- went back the following night for the pub steak.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned, great flavor- I researched their meat sourcing- it is clearly evident they are not messing around with any old red meat.  I am picky about my proteins, it appears so is Haymaker.  This is my new home base.  Service is acceptable to good, hence the omission of 1 star, but I have pretty high standards.  It wasn't really lacking so much as it was not exceptional.  It would not prevent me from going back again and again.
4	Searching for a pre-theatre place, my wife found this on Yelp!, and the ratings and menu looked good.  A very casual, laid-back place, and when we entered we wondered if it was senior citizen's day! ( we qualified!)  We were seated at a booth in the bar, and the bartender came around and took our order.  Very attentive despite her busy bar duties.  We tried the local 4 Peaks pineapple brew, and while tasty once, probably won't order it again.  Then we chose the mini-ribbies for a starter, four pork ribs slathered in a delicious sauce and fall off the bone, served on a tasty bed of cole slaw.  My wife then sensibly ordered the buffalo chicken salad for her entree, while I went for the ranch hand sirloin, ordering it my usual way, Pittsburgh.  The bartender told me to hope for the best.  I also got smashed potatoes with my meal and substituted the cole slaw for the seasonal vegetables.  A different server brought my plate, and I sent it back because the seasonal vegetables were on it.  The slaw was not as good without the barbeque sauce dribbling on it ( take note, kitchen!)  Potatoes were tasty.  The steak was cooked properly (!) but was a little dry.  Guess I should have accepted the offer from the bartender for A-1 sauce!  Not a bad meal, and I would probably go again and try something different.  Reasonable prices.
1	Nice staff but completely unwhelmed by the food.  For the prices, the food was very "eh".  This was a first & last visit for us.
5	I stumbled upon this place since I had an appointment outside of my normal part of town - so glad I did!   Wonderful food, courteous staff and can't wait to visit again when I am on this side of town.   I had ribs Sunday night and am in love.  The manager came to the table, was so friendly and seemed to be working the crowd and making sure all was running smoothly. He told me some history of the restaurant and recommended the brunch menu to me.   I think his name was Dave or Dan?   Great job!!
5	Date of restaurant visit: 03/22/2014I was in Arizona for baseball spring training in March.  I was watching the Phoenix Fox 10 morning show and one of the hosts, Andrea Robinson, did a segment on the Haymaker Restaurant.  So, I went there for dinner and arrived in time for Happy Hour.  I sat in the bar and was promptly attended to by the bartender.  She took my drink order while I looked over the menu.  I ordered the Texan with grilled chicken.  The chicken sandwich was topped with bacon, haystack onions, cheddar cheese and BBQ sauce.  The sandwich was very good.  I ordered a side of sweet potato fries.  They were crispy on the outside and also very good.  I was very pleased with the food and great service and will return the next time I'm in Phoenix.Fox 10 segment on The Haymaker Restaurant:http://www.myfoxphoenix.com/Clip/9970928/taste-of-the-town-haymaker-restaurant-co
5	Brought the family to AZ for vacation. Saw this place when we were driving by. The Bloody Mary was one of the best I've ever had. I had the bandit, which I would highly recommend. Service was great, it was reasonably priced, and the atmosphere was very patriotic (big plus). I will come back next time we are in town.
4	Been here a number of times and enjoy coming back each time. For a weekend lunch, my favorite is a Texan burger with a Templeton's rye and a Firestone IPA (followed by a nap).I also enjoy sitting at the bar here. Sitting at the bar, there is a feeling of community and the bartenders and managers will talk whiskeys and are pleasant all around. They keep a good balance of community bar on one side of the place and family-frendly restaurant on the other side. The serving staff each seem to know the menu and make good recommendations when we bring company here.
5	Great food for the NW Valley and awesome happy hour deals!  Plus good service and friendly staff.
5	Great restaurant.  Service was outstanding.  Food was excellent and hot.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  Visited Friday night.  Very busy.  The manager (Dan) was greeting patrons at tables to check on satisfaction.
2	My wife and I come here occasionally. Every time we come the service has been so-so. Some of the prices are high as well. A chili dog for $10. Maybe, if it were the best ever, but it's average as well. I always like to try because I hope it'll be better every time, but I'm usually disappointed. Will I come back, maybe, but it will be a while.
3	OK, back for Sunday breakfast.  As always, fine service and we do enjoy the floor manager - he keeps this place moving.  And he checks  on things!Very good bloody mary.  Good Prosecco.  Chicken fried steak - good, could have used a bit more pepper for me.  But the biscuits (?) were gooey and horrible.  And the home fries were fresh from the freezer - just shaped balls thrown in the fryer (think they're called tater tots)..no onion, no peppers, no taste.  Eggs done just right.Eggs Benedict.  Repeat on the potatoes - those are not home fries by any stretch of the imagination.  Just horrible.  The Hollandaise sauce was so-so.  Good crowd.  Wish we had gone to Hideaway and let someone else have our table.
2	I was hoping for a less pricey Arrowhead Grill (minus the steak focus). What I got was dressed up Ground Round. Maybe my expectations were set too high, but this place didn't feel or taste as upscale as I had hoped. Our food was eh, service nothing to write home about & for some reason I was expecting a great drink experience (whiskey bar?), but this just didn't deliver. Felt like one rung over a chain place. I'd skip this place, then again we ran into acquaintances who said they were regulars..  go figure.
5	I've been here a handful of times for breakfast which is great! Today we came at 2 pm and I thought breakfast was served all day only to find out they stop serving breakfast at 11 am. I was so bummed that I considered leaving but my husband was starving. So I look at the menu and find it very simple. Of course my foul mood wasn't helping. I decide to order the salmon on a bed of warm spinach and my husband orders the pulled pork sandwich. My meal arrives and looks great. I took my first bite and couldn't believe it. It was amazingly good. They turned such a simple meal into a flavorful dish that immediately changed my mood. My husband thought his pulled pork sandwich was so good he insisted I take a bite. And that was great too! Service was timely, friendly and accommodating. They quickly brewed a fresh pot of coffees for my one cup. Our waitress chatted with us and checked in with us. With coffee, tea and 20% tip, our bill was $36. That's pretty low. I would have paid 45. The waitress shared that they will be expanding both menus soon. I look forward to it and most definitely will not limit Haymaker to breakfast option. Very impressed.
4	My girlfriend and I live nearby and after giving Lakeside a few tries, we are glad to see a privately owned restaurant with a different concept. We checked it out initially with a Groupon deal of some kind, but return here regularly. There was one time we had poor service from some waitress, and although I see her there , we were only served by her one time. Otherwise, service is good, food is good (breakfast and dinner), and they have good beer taps. Although this is more of a restaurant than a bar (doesn't stay open too late), the Happy Hour specials are really really good, and the beer selection is great (Firestone IPA on draft?!! YES PLEASE). Especially since Squid doesn't have good drink specials anymore. For anyone who has lived in this part of the neighborhood for a while and haven't checked out the Haymaker, you owe it to yourself to give it a try.
4	Good local bar.  Cold domestic and craft brew on tap served in a mason jar.  The Bleu Burger and wings were tasty.  Next time I swing by it will be for breakfast.
5	Awesome food and awesome service! The Texan burger was fantastic as well as the French dip. We will definitely be back! David was very knowledgable and seemed like he really cared if we enjoyed our experience.
5	Yummy!!! Pulled pork sandwich and Arizona burger were so good! BBQ sauce should be bottled! Dan, David, and Kathy were GREAT!
5	Go for the Texan burger and the sweet potato fries, they are awesome!  There is not much I would suggest to improve.  The service was great, the beer was cold and they have a great whiskey selection.  I really like this place and wish I would have known about it earlier.  Because of the name, I thought it was a restaurant supply company.Would love to see live music at some point so I can make this my weekly hang out.
4	The husband came here for dinner on a Sunday evening around 6pm. Not really busy and were seated quickly by our waiter. He was very nice and very professional and willing to give recommendations. We had the cheesy fries that were delicious. They were topped with fresh cheese and  bacon so we had to eat them quickly so the cheese would stay 'stringy' and the bacon was nice and crispy. Also had an order of wings which were good just wish we would have ordered the hot or the pineapple habanero I think was the other hot flavor. Other than them not having any spice they were cooked perfectly crispy and no oil dripping like some places. Next time we will order the hot ones! I order the 2 angus slider and they were pretty simple but tasty. Some sort of sauce that is not overpowering, grilled onions and the meat in a nicely toasted buttered bun. I order the house margarita to go along with it and it was delicious. Served in a cute mason jar and was pretty strong for being on happy hour special. The husband got the pastrami sandwich and he loved it. I snuck a taste and I'm not a fan of mustard but other than that it was really good and good size portions. Some things are a little pricey but the overall quality of everything was great, super fresh and they have happy hour EVERYDAY which is usually unheard of on the weekends which is very nice. Cool little bar in our area and will gladly be back to try different items on the menu
5	It was my birthday and I really wanted to try something we haven't been to before.This is another establishment I have heard about for awhile. So I packed up the girls and headed north bound on the 303.We arrived there around 4:30, just before the dinner rush. We were greeted and seated immediately. Our waiter took our drink order very quickly and took our order. Since we never been there before we asked what he recommended for dinner, so he gave us a few ideas.I ordered the fried chicken,It was smothered with their gravy on top w/the chicken on their mashed potatoes, this dish also came with some vegi's. I really enjoyed the chicken, it was cooked with some good spices and it was not dried. Potatoes still had their peelings but thats the way I like it. Now their vegi's had a mixture of peas, squash, zucchini, broccoli, and carrots. I am not a peas person so I didn't even touch that. Their carrots were amazing, I would order the vegetables just for the carrots. Since I like chili, I had to order their mama's chili. This chili is great, might be a little spicy to some. But it has an amazing taste.Wife had their gringo burger and she loved it, gave me a bite and it was really good. The girls had the burger, and chicken tenders. Seemed they both really enjoyed their meals.We had a great time! Food was great, service was great, and the atmosphere was great. We will diffidently come back again.
5	Fast and friendly service! The food was flavorful and tasted fresh. Service was efficient and atmosphere was lively and great for families or casual dining.  We'll be back for sure!
5	Love the ribbies! The meat falls off the bone! Also, the grown-up grilled cheese is spectacular!
5	Found this place on yelp and was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and friendly service!  Sean was our server, very attentive and knowledgable.....food was great and swift to table, definitely recommend the rhythm wings and the pineapple habenero!  Salads were delicious as well with the clearly fresh homemade croutons!  We will definitely be back to try a whiskey flight!
5	Delicious! Had the gringo hamburger it was excellent. Salsa was a little too hot for my mom but i thought it was fabulous. I also has a house margaritas which was good too in a cute little mason jar glass. Wish their blender want broken so i could have had a frozen margaritas. The fries were also perfect. Will definitely be back!
5	Came here for early dinner during happy hour with the family.  Great happy hour specials!  Our server R.J. was awesome! Highly recommend his section.  All of our meals tasted great and came exactly as ordered.  We will be back!
4	Came here for breakfast. Breakfast was delicious.Not sure what else there is to say? We were seated quickly, our orders were taken quickly, our food came right on time, and we left well. There was nothing exceptional in the service we were given, but it wasn't bad at the same time.Perhaps it was just an odd morning for them.Nonetheless the food was delicious. Definitely will consider coming back.
1	Horrible place to try to have a dinnner. Waited for 20 then sat for another 20. A sure miss. Go to Dillions. Same menu!!!
5	This place is pretty awesome I love the decor! Food is great, Jill the Bartender is AMAZING! She really knows her whiskey. Everyone should come try this fine establishment!
5	Great food, Great Staff, and Great Drinks! Nice selection of whiskey more than anyone else I've seen. We needed to order a large to go order for about 10 people, and the manager went out of his way for pricing ala carte, and also get extra's that we needed. Bartender's actually understand the art of not just giving you a drink, but also some conversation!
2	I am not a big Yelp contributor,  but I am so disappointed in The Haymaker.  I loved this restaurant when it first opened and I would always take friends and family there when they visited from out of town.  Each time I have visited in the past few months, it has been going down hill.  When I used to visit The Haymaker, my glass would never be empty. Now, I never get a refill.  They used to put a leaf of lettuce on the burgers/sandwiches,  now it's shredded. They used to offer a to go iced Coffee when we left, now they do not. They had the best Toasted Almond flavored iced coffee, now they do not. They didn't have marinara sauce for the mozzarella sticks, no marinara available (Saturday afternoon). They have $2 Bud Light drafts for happy hour which is fantastic. There was a butt end of a tomato on my "medium" burger which was medium/rare. I asked for an onion slice on my burger, there was one ring of onion (see picture). I will not be visiting The Haymaker unless I hear things change.
5	By Far the Best Food, Ribs and Chicken. EVER... The staff is excellent, Dan the manager makes you feel like your a part of the family.... we drive FROM THE TOWN OF Maricopa for the food and service.... you guys rock..
5	This is an amazing place. Me and my husband have date nite here every Thursday. Great service awesome bartender best Old Fashion in town...
5	Yet again another SUPERB experience for dinner, Thanks Kati for the great service and big smiles... Dan shows his pation for the business and his customers and it emanates through out the rest of the team. Thanks again for everything.
5	Love this place!  After a long Friday at work,  the service from Jill the bar can't be beat! Her energy and personality are so much fun. The food and drinks are great here but Jill is really the reason I keep coming back.
4	It took this restaurant a few months to get their act together and I'm happy to say I think they have. The food has always been good; nothing fancy, but always full of flavor. Breakfast is really nice; I enjoy their biscuits and gravy. They have some pretty awesome salads and sandwiches too. NW Peoria is finally starting to develop.
5	Its hard to find good Wings, but this place pulled thru! Great Wings had 'em with the Pineapple Habanero for Appetizer, I ordered the Country Fried Chicken - it was delicious with a great Peppery Cream Sauce - & the Wife had the B.L.A.T. Sandwich - she loved it. Great Food, Great, Fast Service!!
5	This place has surprisingly great food.  I say that because it's a simple-looking restaurant that appears more like a diner than a high end restaurant.  But they pull off some really great things, from the breakfasts to dinners.  Their pasta dishes are impressive in the quality and abundance of the expensive items like large shrimp.Service has always been smooth and friendly.  After about five visits here, I can say they are consistent and there have been no issues.
5	Amazing Jill was my server she was sweet from the moment i walked in she not only got to know us but she hit it on the nail with her suggestions!! Sean also stopped by to say hi just becau6se it was amazing!!
4	I would definitely recommend this place for gluten free.  They have an extensive GF menu, including sandwiches on GF bread!  I had a TAB sandwich - turkey, avocado, and bacon.  The turkey was honey smoked, which I do not like as much as roasted turkey, but still a pretty good sandwich.  You can get cole slaw or fries with the sandwich.  They also have salads and other options. Also, I had no symptoms from cross contamination.  I will be going back with the kids since they have a variety of kids meals and seem pretty kid friendly.
5	Food was great! David the server was adorable and delightful! Ask for him! Great lunch spot! I'll be back for sure.
5	The all-American decor is awesome.
5	First time here and most definitely not our last. The ribs are AMAZING. I didn't actually order them, I just stole them off my husband's plate. I must be an awful person because I tried my daughter's  chicken fingers too. Ps - ranch is homemade and awesome!Oh yeah, I had the sirloin.  Cooked to perfection and very tender.   Overall, super family friendly,  great drink list, good service. I highly recommend.  Just don't invite me because I will certainly eat off your plate too.
4	Having twins, finding a place that feels comfortable to eat out is far and few between. Especially if you want a touch of quality to the food. Well, the Haymaker is it! Friendly and understanding staff AND patrons. We have had breakfast and dinner there, and really can't wait to try everything!
1	I had dinner there too night with two local friends. I ordered the grilled chicken plate that came with Mac n cheese and slaw. The chicken breast had bbq sauce on it. I don't think I have ever had Mac n cheese as dry as that. It was horrible. The chicken was rubbery. The slaw ok,. My first mistake was not sending it back but my friends had recommended this restaurant and I didn't want embarrass them. My second mistake was coming to eat here.....
4	This place has gotten better than before. The breakfast is one of the best around! They have really great coffee. You can't go wrong with any of their breakfast items;especially the morning glory muffin! For dinner or lunch I love their pulled pork sandwich.
3	Just left haymakers new spot in Goodyear. The food was excellent ! I had the grilled cheese with three different cheeses with bacon and my wife had the teriyaki bowl. We shared the wings as an appetizer. All the food was very well done and very tasty! Super good French fries with my sandwich. Our server Chad is probably new and I'm willing to give him a bit of a break. However, Many things that are basic to good service was missing. No lime in a vodka tonic. No plates for the wings so we could put our discarded bones on. I had to go up to the bar for a piece of lime and we had to ask someone beside our server for a plate for the bones. No ketchup at the table for the fries. We had to ask. Missing the attention to details. We arrived just before 7pm and I asked our server if we could still get happy hour (which ends at 7 and he said we just made it. When our bill arrived there were no happy hour discounts. That was disappointing. Also, Our server did not thank us for coming in. I'm hoping chad will get better training and will be there on our next visit. We will visit again.
5	I am not a burger fan, I repeat NOT a burger fan. But I will definitely go back for another. Also I'm very picky about sweet potato fries and I stole a couple of my mom's and they were great! Very fresh. The house made Whiskey BBQ is amazing. Love they server beer in a mason jar! (Country girl at heart). Our server was great, he actually got my son to eat by bribing him with Jelly Beans. Can't remember his name unfortunately =/
4	Good breakfast, friendly staff and great mimosas and bloody Mary's! Sometimes there is a wait but usually not too long...
5	1st time here for breakfast.  Stopped in with a friend. Breakfast menu had a great selection.  Both meals were excellent. Service was excellent too. Never and I mean never did I have to wait for a refill on my coffee.  And it's priced right. I'm sold.
5	Great food and great service! Our server Marshall was very kind, attentive and knowledgeable. Was also impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant and bathroom. Will definitely be returning to the haymaker!
5	First off.. Our server was PHENOMENAL! ! When you come in, definitely ask for Glen!! We came in as a large group. We were tended to promptly,  and the food was amazimg!! I had the French dip, everyone else had the pulled pork bbq sandwich.  We will definitely be back!  Friendly atmosphere,  good food, and great service! !
5	Great place. We have had breakfast and dinner here several times. Food was right on each time. The atmosphere felt as a smaller restaurant should. Servers were polite and checked back on us regularly but not too annoying as some do... Will eat here in the future.
4	Great fun atmosphere and fantastic food!No matter what you get you'll totally love it.Great service and friendly staff. First time here and The barbecue pork sandwich with frings is definitely a must.  Want something different, they have a whole menu with good comfort food with a great modern twist for today's modern pallet that can be accompanied with many specialty drinks from the bar..
5	I've been here twice. Both times the food was delicious. The first visit was for a breakfast on a Sunday morning. The place was packed and the service was SLOW. There were four of us and all of our food came out at different times. I came back two days later for dinner and the restaurant was much less crowded, the server was very friendly, the burgers were delicious, and the atmosphere was good. I've heard nothing but good things from others who have tried this restaurant as well.
2	This is our go to place for great food,but not this past Thursday for Burger night.My hamburger was made ahead of time,....results..dry ,cool ,tough.Same for the chicken ....super dry and tough...hard to swallow.In the past hamburgers were fresh made,juicy ,served hot.Ditto per the chicken.Want to attract people to your burgers ,don't precook them the meat and let in sit in a pan.McDonald's does that!!!Two star for service.
5	Excellent service and delicious food- I had the grilled salmon with wilted spinach salad. The description on the menu does not do it justice. I will definitely be back for this dish again.
4	Havent disliked anything yet, and have been in a handful of times!! Great locally owned restaurant!
3	Had the huevos benidictos, eggs Benedict and Dutch Apple French toast. None of the food was bad but it wasn't great either. They used frozen store bought potatoes for the country potatoes and pre-made frozen hash browns. The apples over the French toast tasted like they came out of a can and didn't have much flavor. The restaurant is clean and the service is good which is why I went 3 stars instead of 2.
5	Awesome place to go!! First place I stopped at and the entire family enjoyed everything. Definitely appreciate the military and would recommend anyone to make sure they stop by.
4	This place does the soup, salad, and sandwich gig exceptionally well. The French dip and side salad that I ordered were delicious, and perfectly portioned. Service was solid, even though we were there during a late lunch rush that they were plainly not expecting. If you're looking for a restaurant that pushes culinary boundaries, you'll be disappointed as they don't offer much in the way of fusion food. But if you're in the mood for classic favorites that are well prepared, you'd be hard pressed to find better on this side of Phoenix.
5	Bottom line: this place has excellent food and service to boot. You can't go wrong at the Haymaker.
3	The food is very good but the prices don't match what you get. I have been here 4 times and left at least a little hungry each time. Side dishes are about 1 maybe 2 good bites. If that's your gig good for you but I expect a little more for my money.
3	Well been here for 20minutes and no waitress yet...at first glance there are 25 tables sat with 2 servers...hoping the food makes up for the wait :-)
4	From the steaks brought to the table for review before our order, to the perfectly cooked steaks, to the delicious and plentiful sides, everything was perfect. We went there on a whim, hardly dressed for a top Peoria dinner experience, yet we were treated like royalty. Our server and the rest of the staff were amazing. This is not a cheap restaurant - but if you want and exceptional meal, prepared to your taste, then, you will appreciate it as we did and the experience will be worth every penny. This is the place for special occasions, or the place where 'just because it's Monday' becomes a special occasion.
4	I really enjoyed my bbq chicken salad. My only complaint is they definitely cheat you on the chicken. I had MAYBE two ounces worth. I guess they assume if they pile enough toppings on it, you won't notice.Also, our server was ... quirky. Like, in an awkward,not funny way.
