4	The breakfast here is great. Nice size portions, maybe a little too much food for me, but my husband loves it. We have gone here on several occasions with three young children. They always accomodate our large parties very quickly. Good children's menu. The place is nice, but not so nice that you feel like your kids can't make some noise. Love the french toast. Waitstaff is pleasant. Only complaint is that the tables are a bit close together, you feel a little like you are sitting on top of people. But, we have always gone during breakfast rush.
3	i have been a big fan of Mimi's cafe for years, since they started out in Southern California, and whenever I would go there to visit family in Huntington Beach, I would always ask for us to all go.  The problem with this is, although they are still very good, the menu is still diverse and loaded with comfort food I love (and which is a BIG theme in my reviews), the quality is not what it was and what I loved.  Their salad with walnuts and strawberries was one of my favorites, and even the menu says it has a touch of bacon, which is really that last flavor which brings it all together - BUT they consistently "forget" to include the bacon any more.  Used to be more generous with the breads and muffins, now you're lucky if they remember to give you even one.  Service is not as good as before, slow and slightly indifferent, which is also a change.  i am advised that the chain was bought by another entity which has tried to control costs, but being a looooong time customer, I have expectations based on when they were better.  I am not saying "don't go", I am just saying they used to be fabulous and now they are just another place to eat in a city where there are a LOT of choices.
3	The decor is very French provincial by way of the Vegas Strip, and the food is plentiful, hot, and edible. The place was very busy the day we were there, and the waitstaff were overloaded and inattentive. This is a safe place to fill the hole in your belly, or meet a stranger for cheap coffee, but don't expect anything memorable. Oh, and the bathrooms were fairly clean...one of my absolute must haves!
3	Sure, it's a chain restaurant, but I love having late breakfasts here with friends (avoid groups of more than six; it's hard to get them seated on a busy weekend).  I even like ducking in and sitting at the breakfast bar for a quick brunch.  The place is packed on the weekends.  My favorite breakfast dish there is a riff on eggs benedict; crab cakes (instead of an english muffin), topped with spinach, a poached egg and hollandaise sauce. It's served with red potatoes or fruit.  They also have a really nice oatmeal served with brown sugar, raisins, nuts - a high water mark on the comfort food chart for me.
4	Service is unusually good here.  My server continued to work even after spraining something in her leg - talk about above and beyond.  When she was eventually forced to discontinue, another person immediately stepped in her place.  Was this Mimis' staff or the Lakers in disguise?Their "price fixed" deal makes it all the better.  $14 for salad, ravioli, sundae, and a soft drink.  Sweet!
3	We went for lunch. Ordered off the lunch prix fixe menu: soup or salad, entree and drink for 10 bucks.  Had tastey corn chowder and a very good bbq chicken flat bread. Other menu items seemed a bit pricey. Service was mediocre.
4	Allow me to start this review by introducing my partner in crime to the Yelp community; everyone meet Ashley D!  Ashley D was my date for this brunch meal at Mimi's about a week ago.  She enjoyed her previous experiences with Mimi's and recommended we try it out.My initial impression of Mimi's for Sunday brunch was pleasant.  The decor and setting was fast paced and friendly.  The Cafe offered fresh coffee while you waited to be seated as they were slammed when we arrived.  We  were seated shortly and our waitress was easy going.  Both of us being benedict fans couldn't resist the plethora of menu choices in that category as you can tell by the photo I submitted.  The food was all enjoyable and we had a great time.  I'm definitely returning for my Sunday brunch with my partner in crime real soon.
3	I got a chicken sandwich with avocados & wasn't really impressed. Our server was slow & forgetful too.
4	It is pretty much a crapshoot when you come here on the service you will receive. I have had GREAT service and I have had service that completely pissed me off and made me not want to come back here.However I did find  a server that was super awesome and i ask for him whenever I go ... Stephen. Their breakfast is good... But what I go for is the Asian Chicken Salad. Mostly that is because I have been kind of watching what I am eating and this has big chunks of freshly roasted chicken, cabbage and lettuce, (they will remove the fried wontons if you ask) However, their chicken cordon bleu is beyond delicious. It has great texture and great flavor . It really fits into a comfort food file . I also love their french onion soup, It is flavorful, and  and has sourdough bread  in it, with melty cheese all over the top. Their orange juice is extremely good, fresh squeezed and served in a chilled glass. sooooo good.It isa good place for a group of people OR if you are just going out for a date.  It can get kind of noisy but in cafe style settings it is something you expect ...
1	Horrible. Menus covered with fingerprints, dirty silverware,bad food and miserable staff. The waitress was unfriendly, said there was no cheese in the potatoes, yet they were crawling in it, and half-cooked to boot.  A bite of bacon was worse than a mouthful of salt, and the waffle was about as bland as it gets. I really tried to find a redeeming factor, all I found was the butter was fresh. At the end, the waitress asked if I was done with my (1/4 eaten) meal, and when I said I was, she said "Good!". I definitely will not come back.
3	Mimi's Cafe, was different in its own way, but only OK. We did go during lunch time, so I did expect it to be slow going. Located in Henderson, off Sunset and Stephanie lies a nice looking restaurant called Mimi's Cafe. It had vibrant color on the outside, the setting inside feels more like a log cabin setting. Which was nice and warm feeling. The waiting area even had tables to sit at and menus to see what they had. It took about 10 minutes for us to be seated. Looking around the place, it was very well decorated. It had plenty of room to move around. The booth did have covers, where you don't have to be looking at the other people behind you or behind your eating partner and seeing other people stuffing their faces. The staff so far is good, I did like the greeter as well as the person who sat us. We were greeted by our waiter who did took our drink, but he spoke softly, which was kind of hard to hear. Later on, we had a waitress who was training another waitress. I guess for training purpose, that they had to switch the waiter we had to begin with, to the waitress who was training the other waitress. Which was odd, but I'm sure they had their reasons. Since it was the first time we been here, we were taking a while to go over the menu. Some things did look good, but didn't really excite me or stuck out as much. We did started off with the Asian appetizer, which consist of Coconut covered shrimp, Chicken Tenders and Pot Stickers. That was really good, we even ate the cole slaw that was part of it. The wife got a cheeseburger, I got a classic beef dip sandwich. Presentation was good overall, the taste was fulfilling and I did like majority of it. Overall, if you are in the area, this might be a good place. I would suggest, not during the busy times. Of course I don't like going during the busy time, but we really didn't have a choice, it was just the time we happen to be in the area. But overall, it is a decent place to go eat.
1	My husband and I went here for lunch during the week and it was terrible. The portions are small, the service is well below average and the food was not good. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich , and it was extremely dry. The burger was ok, but the fries were burned and salty.  Never Again!
3	It's Mimi's.  There the same everywhere.
3	Mimi's is a great little lunch spot, a great dinner spot, but where it really shines is breakfast. They have great eggs benedict, breakfast sandwiches, all with a little bit of bistro charm. Here's the only problem: Everyone else likes it! And they like to talk about how much they like it (or something else, perhaps) very loudly. It's a really "bustling" atmosphere. Which is to say, it's very loud in there. Not a place for a quiet date, that's for sure.It's definitely not a quiet little french cafe, but it's work getting out of bed for to get breakfast...
2	Ok.... Been over a year since last visit.  Where shall we start...... Server was in a rush to take out order.   No bread was offered.   Ordered side of soup, no crackers were served.  Had to ask a manager for crackers.  Food was fairly decent.
3	What can I say...I like it. When friends are saying Ihop or even worse, Dennys; thien this place is a Godsend for breakfast. Mimis is like Ihops VIP room.
4	Took my grandmother there for brunch while she was in town. It was a bit busy but overall the service was good. I had this pumpkin spice pancake with cinnamon apples on top that was out of this world!
2	What happened Mimi's? Was it the economy? Did you just get really bad really fast and I didn't even notice it?Mimi's was introduced to me when I lived in Reno, NV during my college years. I tended to like the restaurant, although a bit pricey for a college student, I still indulged every once and awhile. Even though it was chain - it was quaint. But this Mimi's.... yikes, not even close to what I remember Mimi's to be.First off the place is so ridiculously loud it reminds me of being in my middle school cafeteria. Not even high school - MIDDLE SCHOOL. Loud, obnoxious, you have to yell across the table at your fellow diners. I could barely hear what my boyfriend was saying half the time we were eating. Next - food! Honestly I'd like to give the food 1 star, especially their selections. $1.99 to add on soup or salad? SHEESH. Come on Mimi's... is your soup and salad made from gold? I don't think so. I had the $10.99 lunch time special, basically I thought it was the only thing on the menu that was worth the price. It came with your choice of an entree and a soup or salad. I picked the French Onion Soup and the Brie Burger. I should have known better than ordering the Brie Burger. Brie is a delicious cheese, but done poorly it is tasteless and this was definitely tasteless. This burger was a catastrophe. TINY piece of brie, seriously, you can't even give me a big hunk of brie? You have to have a bunch of it to get the taste! Also, the burger was supposed to have dijon on it, which I thought would be an amazing addition. NOPE. They gave me half a shmear of Dijon. I could barely taste it! This burger should be ashamed of itself.And about the soup.... how dare you screw up French Onion soup Mimi's. This is the one place where Americans might extend their culinary desires and order some delicious "French" food. But no. You can't even do that right. A sad little crouton, barely any onions, and although the cheese was melted nicely on top there was NONE IN THE SOUP! Who does that? ARGH! Lastly, the Mimi's in Reno (at least when I was there) were not stingy with the complimentary bread. Our waitress brought us THREE pieces of bread. There are two of us. WHY would you bring two people THREE pieces of bread? You can't even bring two of each? Two of the rolls and two of the brown bread? COME ON!!Mimi's management must be cracking down on their servers here and the economy must be cracking down on Mimi's. From the experiences I used to have, compared to what it is now is just sad, sad, sad.
1	Wow, I ordered Cesar Grilled Chicken Salad and the server came with a plate that I was not able to see the chicken, I after digging under the cheese and founded 4 pcs of chicken, well I looked at the server and asked her are you kidding me and I was told the regular portion is 4 ounces and if I wanted more chicken that will be have to pay extra for the chicken that should be there to begin. Well I'm not afraid to speak my mind so I told her to take back I don't want this, if wanted a Cesar salad without chicken I'll had order that. The manager on duty come backs few minutes later while my wife was eating her Tilapia dish with another Cesar Salad but now they were 7 pcs of chicken cutted in small squares still was no more than 4 ounces and again I told her take back. Well my wife was so hungry from waiting that she did not mind eating the Tilapia dinner that was served for  small child portion. At this location serving are small but their price is very deep.The server are the worst ever, you have to remain them to refill your drinks. Don't expect any good customer service at this location, I believe they don't know how.Manager at this location gets an (F) from me, after waiting for over 30 minutes to get serve and all she can say to me if you want to see the chicken you have to order extra meat at an extra cost.I been to this location once before and the previous time was not as bad as last night.Dinner for 2 average prices is with non-alcoholic drinks is about $50.00.Mimi's Cafe where is the chicken? Are customer are so Idiots that you get away with serving them this way?Well after my wife finish her dinner at your place, we were still hungry so we went to I Hop Restaurant down the street and got so overwhelm with the chunk of chicken on the chicken Cesar Salad. Mimi's can you guess what?  We pay a lot less and got excellent service?
3	ehh food was ok services forgot the oj and the toast
1	Had a reservation for a large group, and got bumped by a larger group that called later.  Apparently money is more important than service or common courtesy at Mimi's.
4	I went for breakfast and ordered a Quiche Florentine.  It was very good.   I also got the 3 different juices with the small bottle of champagne.  That was really quite fun and refreshing.
4	I seem to frequent here for breakfast the most. Trying to eat as healthy as I can, I do like their low-calorie menu. I have to test my will power to not eat their delicious muffins and baked goods, my favorite, probably the carrot raisin-nut loaf. Also, I like that they have menu items that many breakfast places don't have, like Quiche Florentine.I've read some not-so-good reviews about Mimi's for lunch and dinner, but I have to say I'd be up for going there for breakfast anytime.
1	Bleech. Welcome to the chain that Sysco loves. If you love uninspired, bland, boring food that helps give chain restaurants their hated reputation you've found the right place. If you like waits due to slow or no service this is your place. If you really want to see someone try and create a faux New Orleans environment and come up woefully short at the feeble attempt, this is your place. About the closest this would come to New Orleans would be Slidell, LA style. Slidell is a small city just North of Lake Pontchartrain and I'll just leave that slam hanging...I would much rather eat late 1970's high school cafeteria food than be forced to choke down what is served here. And if you want a "New Orleans" experience with your food you're better off finding your closest Popeye's Chicken for something that's Louisiana fast vs. the stuff they bring to your table, which in the case of this Henderson location is usually: A: Cold  B: Not what you ordered C: Overpriced for what you get. Pick 2 of those choices on almost every visit. How this chain has proliferated is a testament to Sysco's ability to keep bulk food prices down, and for people to tolerate crappy food and even crappier service. In short, you would be better off scouring Yelp for the absolute worst Las Vegas casino buffet and going there vs. eating here. At least there's Walgreens and CVS's close by for the Pepto and Tagamet you'll need after the fact. And as I'm writing this I realized it's not far from the Mongolian grill that made me sick too. Is there something about the East side of Stephanie, just South of Sunset that is destined to have crappy food? I'm beginning to wonder.
2	Not not sure why we came here, I guess to try something different and we were already parked -_-  Or maybe the bf and I remember going to another mimis and the breakfast was not bad.  This time however, was a different story.  The only good thing I remember having here was the tomato Basil soup which was really tasty!  The two other dishes we had were both extremely bland, several shakes of salt had to be used on both of our meals and I hate adding extra salt to anything. *hate to be a negative Nancy but even the dessert couldn't win me over.  The chocolate muffin sundae sounded like a great idea but I'm pretty sure anyone with cake mix and ice cream could've done equally or a better job.  Sorry Mimi but nono.
1	Roach on the windowsill. 'Nuff said.
4	This is my mom's favorite place to eat.  The breakfast food is delic!  The salads are good portion and come with a muffin.  We were there for lunch on a Sunday two weeks ago.  We had family from out of town, plus my mom, husband, and kids.  The waiter was the best.  He was efficient, friendly, and the drinks were never empty (my husband's test for good service).  We were sitting within five minutes with are large party.  The food came out pretty quickly.  No complaints.
3	The low calorie breakfasts sure taste good! But I dont know if I like the calorie count being displayed or not, because when I order from another section of the menu, I feel guilty =)Still love their muffins and their breakfast items. The soup and sandwich lunch combos are always tasty and their iced coffee comes in cool looking tall glasses. Kids meals are reasonable and I like that they have side options like fruit, instead of just french fries.Definitely want to try Mimi's for Sunday brunch.
2	Alas, all good things must come to an end. Last night, Thursday at 9:45 pm, the staff locked up the restaurant earlier than their posted hours till 10 pm. Worse yet, the server, a woman I've seen work here many times in the evening, saw my car pull up since she was bringing in the sign, and locked the door without speaking to me. I walked up and saw them through the window chatting away. I've been through this enough times to say that this is one of the best ways to lose a customer - see my previous review on fresh &easy, I haven't been back since.
3	It's been awhile since we dined here but decided to because it's the season when they serve their Pumpkin muffins.  Lunch was a real let down for me. I ordered the quiche meal.  Now I have had this meal in the past and it seems to me the servings are smaller now. The quiche pretty sad and looked real puny on the large plate that had 1/4 of a slice of cantaloupe and a slice of orange on a little piece of lettuce. The menu says "garnish" w/fresh fruit though, so maybe I shouldn't expect a whole slice of fruit I guess. The quiche was a bit overcooked because the eggs were tough. So I just picked at my food, didn't even finish it.  It also came with salad greens but for a dollar more I substituted it for their French Onion soup. Now that was very good. Broth real tasty, and the cheese bubbling over the cup, I had no problem finishing my soup. My pumpkin muffin came towards the middle of our lunch because our server forgot about it, she apologized saying she was so focused on getting my soup to me before the main entree came out. I forgive her this time ;) The muffin was the highlight of my meal, served warm, muffin was moist, just enough pumpkin spice to it. My husband liked his French Dip, his had plenty of roast beef stacked between sourdough bread. Service was great, everyone from the hostess up in front to our server was friendly and attentive. Just my entree was a real let down for me, unless I have a good deal on a coupon, this place will be like one of those last resorts for having lunch.
1	This was my 2nd and final time eating at Mimi's Cafe.  Please keep in mind also that I was not aware that this was a chain restaurant either.  My sister and I decided to have dinner here.  Now I am not expecting the restaurant staff to roll out a red carpet because I have deemed their establishment the place I want to eat, but could they at least be friendly and act as though they care we are eating there?  The hostesses were extremely friendly, we were sat almost instantly.  The server on the other hand was another story.  She was not friendly at all.  As mentioned I had only eaten here one other time so I was a little confused on what came with the mean, you know soup or salad and then desert at the end for what ever price.  She came off rather rude because she had to explain it to me and then had to throw in "WELL I am not sure how long ago you were last here but that is how this has always been!!"  I was just confused because I thought you could choose either an appetizer or a desert....only because that is what happened the last time I was there.  Apparently they no longer bring you the bread basket, you actually have to ask for it which I find strange.  She did take our drink order and I was happy that they came promptly; however, we sat for 20 minutes waiting for her to come back to take our actual food order....we were sitting there with empty glasses at this point.  She did come back with more drinks and bread, no apology for making us wait for that length of time, and no the place was not that packed.  When we thanked her for bring refills and bread she just turned around and walked away.  No "your welcome" or no "my pleasure", I mean come on we thanked you, the least you could do is say you are welcome right? Someone else brought us our food, I was very disappointed, I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, the chicken breast was very thin and extremely tiny.  The sauce tasted as though someone hit up the Asian isle at Walmart and emptied an entire bottle top of some brown rice and some overly cooked vegetables.  By the this time our drinks needed to be refilled someone brought over tea, we thanked her, she just turned away never saying your welcome. No one came over to see how the food was, I actually overheard a couple asking another server what was good there to eat, that server actually said " I do not know I am new here, I just moved like last week, so I will give you a few minutes and come back to you"  I personally think, especially since I have worked in restaurants, EVEN if you do not know, find something that people have actually commented on, or people order a lot.  I think it looks bad if the staff cannot offer up a suggestion and even if she really did not know, JUST PICK SOMETHING LOL!!  The manager made his way into the area where we were sitting and took a view of the room, I thought he would actually thank people for coming in, or ask how their food was, but nope, he just looked around like he forgot where he was and how he got there and then left.   My sister ordered the Squash Ravioli and shrimp, it was actually really good.  I really wished I would have ordered that instead.  The next time our server came to the table was guess when?????? BINGO when it was time to drop off the check and that is when she seem to be a little more friendly!  I never understood why bad servers actually think that being nice at the very end of the meal is going to erase my memory of all the horrible service they provided before they dropped off the check?!!As we were leaving she never even said, "Thanks for coming in, or Happy Holiday's or Have a Great Night "  Upon leaving I did inform the hostess that our server was terrible and i would not be eating here again, all she said was "Sorry"
2	I had the spinach dip and it was not good at all. Followed by the Turkey Pesto sandwich. That was just OK. That atmosphere was great though a very cute place.
2	Generic breakfast menu in a generic atmosphere attempting to impersonate a French country cabin.For breakfast, Mimi's Cafe offers what is essentially a diner menu with some upscale dishes (quiche, variety of baked goods).  Nothing's awful here, but nothing I've had off the menu is particularly inspired or interesting.  The egg dishes are well-prepared and the sausage was good enough, but there's not much seasoning--nothing to distinguish the breakfast dishes from any diner in any city.Bottom line: there's a lot better breakfast in this city, but I guess you could do a lot worse.
4	I don't get it. Yes it is a chain and not a "mom and pop" eatery, and no it is not a 5 star restaurant, but holy hell some of the reviews here are brutal and incredibly unjustified. Yet, some of the highly rated trendy breakfast spots I've found to be complete garbage. More is not necessarily better. The "huevos rancheros" I received at one of the highly rated local breakfast spots was reminiscent of large amount of vomit on a plate. But, I digress. I will limit my review to their breakfast service and food. The wait is never insanely long, and there are plenty of seats available inside of the restaurant while you wait. The entire staff is always very friendly and accommodating. We have tried their pancake breakfast and various omelets. The portions and quality are more than fair for the price that you pay. Our server has always been extremely attentive and friendly. I also enjoy their Pomosa, which is a spin off of traditional Mimosas. Instead of Orange Juice you get, you guessed it, Pomegranate Juice and champagne. Mimi's is a great choice for a reasonably priced, quality breakfast.
1	Unfortunately this review is not a reflection of my lunch experience today, but the return trip afterwards. Grabbed lunch with my husband today...  Walked in and we were immediately greeted by the host,  Broady... We've been here before nothing spectacular but we were going for soup & salad Both our soups tasted great! Our server Gina was friendly and very attentive.. After we left, about an hour later I realized I had left my phone on the table. When I returned it was after the lunch hour and apparently the shift change. I walked in, no host or hostess, and one guy behind the bar area with his back to the door. I walked up and mentioned that I had left my phone on a table in the back, and Gina served us. He then picked up the phone and called someone to ask about a phone being turned in.. After about 5 minutes another person came out and asked if I had been helped, I said sort of, because they knew why I was there but  no one came out. At that time a sales guy had come in and asked to speak to the manager. That is when Megan appearred. It was then that the bar keeper asked her about the phone, and her reply was "You didn't tell me what it looked like." I interjected and said its an Iphone, that was lost within the hour. Her snapped back response was no one told me what it looked like.." (No one asked) I didn't realize there would be a flurry of phones being left within the hour. The guy who I originally questioned now walked to the back to look for himself, and low and behold came back with my phone.
3	This place is a French version of Denny'sThis place is a French version of Olive Garden'sThere was alot of people packed here for Sunday Morning so they must be doing something right. I liked the decor and the overall friendliness of everyone. They told us 20 minute wait but we got inside in 10 minutes. Sweet. Their breakfast menu is different from the rest of their regular menu so expect that. Ordered Kiche just because you can't just get that anywhere and also the process to cook it takes a while and i know is a little difficult. Anyway didn't like it too much. I recommend the Eggs Florentine Breakfast. Now that was delicious. Sampling other people's food :) You know, now that i think of it, I ordered the 4 cheese( quatre) Kiche and it was ok. The chedder and broccoli kiche tasted better. Go try some French food. Go to Mimi's.
4	The cinnamon Brioche French toast breakfast is the best!
4	I have been to this and other locations more times than I care to count. It is a a-ok chain restaurant that delivers good results. The food is generally good, the service is generally good, the atmosphere is very cute, and it's basically a great place for lunch with the girlfriends or any time really. Let's start with the decor. It is a very French/New Orleans type of feel to the place. There are a multitude of things to look at decorated on the walls. Some areas look more "classic bistro" while others have more of a "jazz" feel to them. The seating is similar to other restaurant layouts with both booths and tables and also a bar seating area. Next, the food. Again, I have been to this place plenty of times. It is a mixture of French bistro and American food. Nothing I have had here struck me as not good or not well made. How can you go wrong? I have mostly stuck to sandwiches and burgers.  Everything was always done to order. I do have to say the quiche is something that I get here because I can't seem to find it anywhere else. The onion soup is also delicious. I would definitely rather come here than many other chains even if for the atmosphere alone. Unfortunately they are far from home so it is either a destination, or a coincidence when I do come.
4	good breakfast.
4	I love this place. The first time we came in they gave us some free muffins to take home, as well as some coupons for next time. I love the food, the salads, the sandwiches (the clam chowder soup is phenomenal!) the deserts are delicious and the breakfast is to die for. The ambiance is all there...a little french bistro and the wait staff is courteous and helpful. Will be coming back again and again!
4	We came in for Bastille Day and how can you not like the 1978 prices for French Onion Soup ($2.25), Eggs Benedict ($4.95), Pain Perdu aka their French Toast ($4ish?), and muffins ($.045)French Onion Soup - I was impressed because I expected a small bowl with salty broth. It was not. The broth had a good flavor and had some thickness to it that added to the full luscious mouth-feel.Muffins - were way to big for a normal person to eat by themselves. It was warm and was nicely crumbly. It would be good with coffee like a coffee cake is. Eggs Benedict - Awesome! The ham/Canadian was a thick cut (not thin and salty), the English muffin was thin (not thick and bready), and the poached egg was perfect. When I broke the yolk, it became my additional sauce to the Hollandaise. I would definitely come back and now know to order 1 thing, since I think the portions are large.
3	Mimi's is always just...ok. Service is usually good, but the food is just so "blah." Their only saving grace for me is the muffins - I love the carrot one. The menu is limited and almost similar to what you might expect from a station casino cafe or something of the sort.  It's just not an exciting place with so many other places to choose from in the area.
1	This place is the dumps.... for food. If you like nice decor and a warm atmosphere its for you but... for food. Its stinks! Very average food and high prices. Its like a Dennys covered up with nice lingerie. SKIP IT.
4	I really love this place, the inside makes you feel right at home. The food is always excellent. They're artichoke dip is sooo good! And they're bread baskets are awesome!
2	I had decided to boycot this place over a year ago and hadn't been there since. Against my better judgement, I allowed myself to be conned in to going back. The French Onion Soup was barely hot, but good. The rest of our meal was merely ok. The service was absolutely crappy...just like back in the day. The food took forecer and the lack of attention to the details is where they are in a consistant state of failure. Goid news...they are rolling out a menu change and getting rid of the top sellers that they reduced the pryion sizes of.
5	More French than ever, new menu, and freshly prepared food.  I'm new to Mimi's Cafe.  I didn't know what it was, nor that it was a chain.  Because it is a chain restaurant, I expected prepared foods vs fresh and nouveau versions of French dishes.  I'm told it was based more on Louisiana type french but ownership has changed and they just came out with a brand new menu as of 2 days ago.  I'm told some of the regular customers are upset that certain dishes are gone.  This happens and is necessary because a business cannot survive on just old time regulars, they need to pull in new customers as time goes on.  But this change is for the better from what I can deduce, at least for me.  The food is no longer prepared, it is all freshly made in house.  A change from the past.  Also the dishes are much more traditional French now.  In fact, many of the dishes are recipe's from the original founder.  It really is a French restaurant now.  The dishes will continue to change over time, which is the mark of a fine restaurant.  I had lunch but the food was so good I had to come back for dinner.  My servers were superb.  They were also under criticism from some of the regulars about the menu changes.  It's not their fault and again, I think it's for the better if you like more traditional French cuisine and you like it made fresh in house.  It's going to take me many more trips before I get to try everything but I will as I like just about everything I see on the menu.  We don't even have a real French restaurant where I am from but this one is very close to me here.  I expect to become a regular myself.  Again, not being used to this area I am not fully aware of relative pricing.  The dishes at Mimi's, being more traditional French without odd flares, were less expensive than I would have thought for fresh cooking, however.  The portions of the dishes I had were  good for the price.  IMHO, I thought they were quite reasonable and not expensive.  Inexpensive, freshly prepared, traditional French.  I'm very pleased.  People need to come in and try the new menu.  Forgive them for dropping older favorites and try the new dishes.  Some of them are fantastic.
3	Bonsoir. Bon Appetit.  What?  Wait staff using more French phrases now?  Alright what's going on here? Mimi's total makeover Francais takeover that's what! Mimi's HQ has new handlers now. From the tone I got from reading the menu, they are going away from family style and turning it up a little more fancy schmancy dining. "Boeuf Dip Francais" aka French Dip. Look at the menu you'll see.(  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mimis-cafe-henderson?select=JNW__hoDjWT3Cbk_Ju715A#JNW__hoDjWT3Cbk_Ju715A )  Dinner menu is cut down to just one page. I thought maybe there was another menu floating around but our server said nope that's the new menu now.  Oh and it looks like kids menu is gone too. I didnt see any kid friendly menu selections. Maybe you can request it.What is cool is they are using more french traditional cooking techniques. What is not so cool, it all still tastes "meh"  When I started eating my order of Pot Pie Nouveau (English translation Chicken Pot Pie) there was no chicken in it!  Thinking to myself, maybe I ordered the vegetarian version? No lie, I thought I was being Punk'd there for a minute.  It was then my server came up and asked "is there chicken in there?" Oops!  Staff apologized.  This new menu was just implemented this week.  They were all still getting used to the new procedures and forgot to add chicken. It's all good. I understand. I actually feel sorry for the employees though. They look and seemed to be awkward  with the whole French style but despite that, service was c'est magnifique!With all that said, I will be back since I am intrigued by the new transformation. Au revoir!
3	Mimi's has a new French inspired menu. I don't think they did their marketing . The menu is much smaller and is  no longer a family restaurant with a large menu  and the comfort food classics.The new menu has a French flavor and portions are smaller and prices higher. I had the tournedos of Bouef and at $ 17.00 was pricey for what I got .No salad or soup  included .You can get a better deal at  The Outback Steakhouse or across the Street to Tony Romas which does include soup. The steak was mediocre , I was there between 7pm and 8pm on Friday 18 oct and the place was pretty empty which is unusual for Green Valley.The pot roast is gone and so is the less expensive more choice Bistro meals .You get more for your buck at  Tony Roma's , Chilis and The Outback Steakhouse .Another thing I found annoying is the few  French phrases  being tossed about and  wait staff that could not pronounce what was on the menu .
2	It was my sister-in-law Judy's birthday and Mimi's is where she picked. I've been to Mimi's once before and had a good experience, but this time not so good. Our group had arrived before we got there and had ordered drinks, just water, but when we came our waiter never asked us if we wanted something to drink. When our waiter finally came over  I quickly made my order which was a warm turkey sandwich with Brie cheese, green apple, with apricot preserves on a croissant. Sounded right up my alley cause I've been on a huge Brie kick! The waiter asked if fries were OK and I said yes, assuming that's what came with it. Found out later I could have had a salad instead. I was very disappointed in my sandwich, but I was happy the apricot preserves came on the side cause they were gross. The croissant was crumbling and dry. I doubt there was any Brie on the sandwich at all. Overall I ended up ditching the croissant and just eating the meat and apples. The fries were also meh. Everyone else in my group enjoyed their food. My Husband and brother-in-law got the Le Burger de Madame. It wasn't cooked medium like my husband requested, but well done. He also mentioned that the fried egg was popped and leaking a bit. My mother and sister-in-law both got the Quiche Lorraine which they had salads with. The Quiche has bacon and Swiss cheese running threw it. Looked very tasty. My other sister-in-law had the Fall Harvest Salad which had honey walnuts, cranberries and a bed of greens with a Honey Dijon Vinaigrette. She said it was very good and she even finished the whole salad.Maybe it was just an off day, but I've had better. For the price and discription I expected a really good sandwich, but I was sadly let down. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back anytime soon.
4	Great breakfast! Yummy! :)
1	We are regulars and the French Makeover and taking things off the menu has made us go a lot less often. They took bananas, red apples and carrots off the menu, They have virtually nothing for kids there that kids like.  I guess kids are now longer welcome in the FRENCH restaurant.  Our kids used to LOVE to go there. Management is rarely seen and they seem to gossip alot about the other staff.  Nothing is consistent anymore, the excuse is the cooks vary in ability. What is left on the menu has hokey French names and every little thing is EXTRA. This was a restaurant that was like a neighborhood meeting place prior to the French takeover.  Unfortunately, we are looking for a new favorite neighborhood restaurant. We need one less stuffy that has a manager that you can actually talk to Anthony used to walk around from time to time but not anymore. Haven't seen his face in over a year, when I ask for him the staff says he is not there. Assistant managers seem to all pass the buck except Kathy and the team leaders seem to be above doing the little extras when you ask them for something. I must say Steve, Justin, Christine, Maureen, Etla, and Leah all are wonderful .Wifi is VERY slow.  Never see management out and about like you do at other restaurants. I guess that is a sign that they don't want to hear why their customers have to say.
3	Feels a slight bit pricey, but overall tasty food and very friendly service. That about sums it up I think. Not remarkable, but definitely good enough.
4	My boyfriend and I ate here today for breakfast.  I ordered the corn-beef hash eggs benedict and my boyfriend ordered the strawberry waffles.  Food was better than I expected!  Not your typical breakfast joint compared to I-hop and Denny's; will choose Mimi's over I-hop and Denny's any day!I give the taste and presentation of the food a 5-star, but since service was OK I give Mimi's an overall 4-star.
4	I  am giving 4 stars for excellent service. Alicia was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive on a busy Valentines night. My sole was tasty but after the second bone in 6 bites it was too stressful and they gladly removed from our check. I declined a substitute as C's buttermilk battered onion strings were rocking and the bread was awesome. His fish and chips were fat, flaky and delicious with the accompaniment of a fresh made coleslaw. Tomato soup was a comforting beginning as well. The value for the price here is great.
3	I am only giving them 3 stars because the service I received on Sat. was great our server was a pregnant girl (I don't remember her name) but she was very nice and accepted our coupons. The coupon clearly states that is one per check not one for the whole table and even our server from Sat. didn't make a big deal and was ok when we asked for 2 checks and gave her 2 coupons.Anywayz.... I went 2 days ago during dinner and told the server we wanted 3 separate checks in the table and I showed him the coupons it was a $5 off the classic menu and 2 for the buy one dinner and get another free. It was 5 of us and so the waiter a bald guy (not sure of his name) said it was one for table and so we told him ok so would you validate it if some of us would sit in the table infront of us? after that he gave me such a long and useless explanation of how corporate and management had their rules and this was coming from them, bla, bla, bla!!! He asked if I wanted to speak with his manager but I didn't because I did not want to cause a scene so my sister asked me to leave it alone. When it was time to pay we only used 2 coupons for separate checks and the waiter gave me another long explanation about my coupon and how he was going to talk to his manager and I said "but I got my meal from the classic menu." When he returned he said that they were going to accept it this time and he continues saying "Im sure that it will be accepted next time too" 0_o ok???? What was the big deal?Lastly, when he brought us back our receipts my sisters had a free dinner or breakfast entry but mine didn't. It was obvious why he did that but its ok because I get more coupons in the mail room ; )I WILL NEVER RETURN HERE DURING THE WEEK FOR DINNER ONLY BREAKFAST DURING THE WEEKEND ; )
3	Not a great place for vegetarians. Cant comment on other foods.
5	it was my first time here with my son and Family (Long time friends of the family) yesterday. We had a good Group about 10 and went here for a late lunch after having some of the group getting baptized at Central. Food was great, the Soups smelled as good as it looked (most of us did the Soup + Salad or half Sandwhich + soup/Salad. I had the BBLT + Ceaser salad, it was really good, bread was toasted salad was wonderful, my son ate his entire meal. toward the end of our visit right before our food came the Waitress did bring extra drinks and mentioned she was working that room alone, she was very polite, very helpful, great food, price is moderate so if your looking to spend a little then usual then I''d recommend going here.
1	This place is not what I thought it would be. The service was not good at all the waitress practically threw our entrees at us. And the food was not delicious at all. We didn't even eat it we went right on to our next course. It tries to give an upscale vibe but it's totally a fake vibe. Do not eat here
2	To be honest, I love Mimi's Cafe but it is because I'm used to going to the one in Valencia, California. This mimi's is totally one interested scenario.  All the staff seems to hate there life and can't even smile. It's like you even make a joke and they laugh like they are annoyed. They messed up on my order and a couple other people's orders in the restaurant. I get it, I used to be a server but you can't be annoyed or show that your not happy at work. Most of the people in the restaurant acted like they couldn't wait to go home and get their side work done. I just think some people need to smile and act like they love their job. At least my server, Azucena paid attention to everything I wanted and was on top of refills. I appreciate her attention and actually taking care of her guests. I just think the vibe of the restaurant fills depressing hopefully they get a remodel like the Valencia location. They need one for sure. Also, the host/hostess needs to open the door not stare at me as I open the door.
5	We love this place, the food is always great, their loyalty program is awesome. We have been very happy with the food, service, curbside pickup etc. I just don't have anything bad to say about this place.
4	When I first moved into the house that I reside in, one of the requirements I had for my roommate was that we needed to take advantage of a bonding opportunities. Roomie meals, if you will. That's why, I was super ecstatic when the opportunity came up to have brunch with my roommate! She told me about Mimi's and how good their breakfast menu was. I knew the stars align and that we needed to check this place out!I love how identifiable this place is! When you pull up, you notice the cottage looking restaurant. I don't know about you but when I see a cottage, I think cozy and warm. Once you walk in, the cottage theme continues very nicely. Wooden beams and ceilings, brick fire place, exposed brick walls, diner booths, this place has it all! The walls are decorated with eclectic artwork and Parisian prints and vino. Our server was not as personable as I would have preferred for brunch, but still very efficient. Our food didn't take long and he constantly checked up on us throughout the meal. Speaking of, here's what I got:Large, fresh squeeze orange juice for $2.99. It was served in a beer flute like glass. The juice was definitely fresh! Lots of pulp and had a more tangier taste which I really liked!Petite stack, Mimi's Original Buttermilk Pancakes for $5.99. The pancakes were dense with a little bit of crispy edges. If you're looking for that pancake fix, this will definitely do it. The syrup and butter are essential for the entire experience of course. Although I have my favorites when it comes to pancakes, this was definitely a delicious cake.Bayonne-Style Corned Beef Hash Benedict for $9.99. Homemade corned beef hash patties topped with poached eggs and traditional hollandaise. The corned beef patties were good. Mixed with onions, it brought a nice crunchy element to the patty. The poached eggs were cooked nicely. The broken yolks only added a flavorful element to the overall dish.  What I was not a fan of was the hollandaise sauce. There was no flavor in my opinion, just a little bland. Yes, when I think of cottages, I think of warm and cozy. This place really stacked up nicely for me. The decor and comfort food measured up to this warm and cozy experience. I'll definitely be back for more on another roomie adventure meal!
4	Came here for my dads birthday and it was a pleasant experience. I ordered the grilled salmon with lentils and ill be completely honest.. the salmon was absolutely delicious, not too dry.. but the lentils I wasn't a fan of. My dad had their pot roast which to him was succulent and tender so it was definitely a great choice. Service was on point. Our waiter was very personable. I loved that their bread was unlimited. Overall it was a pretty good dinner,  I would definitely recommend this place and I know ill be returning.
4	This was our first time here and the family enjoyed their dishes. Mum had the salmon, Sis had the pasta, me & lil man had waffles/croissant. I ordered a bowl of french onion soup and was satisfied with the taste. I loved it! Overall the service was good. We will be back there again.
1	It was a 45min wait to be seated and there was a ton of tables not filled it took for ever to get our food and there was just not a lot to choose from  there where only two of us I don't understand why it took so long
4	This was one of our best Mimi's experiences in recent history.  I was getting to the point of crossing Mimi's off our list due to extremely poor service, the length of time it took to get food, and the dated and worn out decor.  However, this time the staff seemed more attentive, our food was delicious, and turn around time was spot on.  We had three different people refilling our iced teas before they were even half empty!  The Belgium waffles were outstanding and the bacon was crispy.  The only negative was the very strong and foul smell outside; presumably from full grease traps.  No bueno.
2	Y'all know I like my breakfast some of the food is good, my coffee was burnt, literally. this place has gone down hill I've been coming here since 06, wow it's been a while but she needs revamping or something, I've seen casino b-fast spots better then this this owner needs put money back into her or she's sinking! from my POV, the staff-man or waiter had such personal  hygiene issues we were afraid to eat (for real) those of y'all know me, and I apologize, not picking on no one- we all have issues, but damn! Truck stop Mimi's? Anyone?- lets clean this place up,(Owner-Managers). I now it's busy and hard to do but if not, it's what I'll refer to it as- "Truck Stop Mimi's".
2	The place has gone downhill. Smaller everything and higher prices. Service was prompt and friendly. We came in on Saturday morning. Years ago you would have to wait to be seated, today we walked right in. Go next door to Babystacks.
2	Mimi's Cafe was once a great place for great breakfast and lunch, They have lost their way, big time! I remember when everything on the menu looked tempting. Today There was nothing on the entire menu that looked appealing! Service from our waiter was good but the food lacked any resemblance of looks or flavor. Sad really this was a family favorite. Now it's a place we will avoid.
4	The food was delicious and wonderful. The service on the other hand was horrible. Our server (4010) Maria was lacking on her customer service skills. I am unsure if she was too busy with other customers or she just had a lot on her mind regardless the service was horrible. We had to ask for water and our children's drinks and still had to wait until after the food came out. At the absolute end of our meal Maria attempted to make some sort of conversation but we left feeling disappointed. I usually have nothing but great things to say about the food and service but this time it was bad -real bad! Hopefully this won't happen again :( I will for sure be back for the food -it's well worth it! Service could have been better
5	I love the Tomato & Avocado Croissant.It's the perfect sandwich. Always. Never any complaints. Finish it up with the molten chocolate cake and you will be happy.It's the only chain restaurant that I actually want to dine at. Ever.
4	Oh, Mimi's. I haven't eaten at Mim's cafe in ages!  This Saturday morning, after a mini photo shoot, my fella and I were starving, so we decided to head over to Mimi's.  Formerly a favorite and an every weekend spot, it had  been over a year since the last time we had been there.There was a bit of a wait, about 15 minutes, but that's pretty standard for MImi's.  We had briefly considered hitting up Cafe Zuppas next door, since we were so hungry, but I'm very glad that we chose to wait.  15 minutes isn't that bad of a wait.After we were seated, we took a look at the menu, although my fella already knew what he wanted: the chicken chopped salad.  Its his favorite. For me, while I normally get a chicken Cesar, I'm on a new nutrition plan, and so I wanted to opt for something in diet.  I chose the open faced egg white omelette with tomato, spinach, onion, and goats cheese, served with a cup of fruit.  I also chose the French Onion soup.The soup was exactly as I remembered it:  one of the best French onion soups I've ever had.  A little salty for me, as I'm really watching my sodium intake, but delicious.  The omelette was perfect.  I asked for it well done (I hate runny eggs), and it was cooked well, and all of the flavors were wonderful.  Service was very friendly, too.  I will definitely be making more of an effort to come back out here on a more frequent basis.  Mimi's has consistently had good food and good service.  I recommend them.
3	We had a pleasant experience, however, the price does not match the product.  We also found the atmosphere to be somewhat confusing.  The outside speaks of a cute, provincial, country-inspired cottage.  The inside, however, is a combination of French/Louisiana inspired food and decor.  Our server was very friendly, but overall, it seemed like it was missing the mark.
5	My husband and I love this location!  Every single visit we are greeted and seated quickly, our food comes out perfectly and with very little wait.  All of our severs are friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  The restaurant itself is clean and the managers are always available and helpful.  Tiffany, a host, is an absolutely sweetheart.  She knows our favorite spot and always finds the time to have a small chat with us.  Even if we hated everything else about this location (which is utterly impossible), her friendliness alone would be enough to keep us as regulars.Thanks for all the great meals, Stephanie crew!
5	Been almost 2 years since last here.   Excellent service.   Waitress and other staff very attentive to whatever you needed or asked about.    Food was excellent.   Bread basket was offered and accepted.   Thanks for improving
5	My first experience in mimi's cafe was in yuma, arizona, i found one here in vegas and came to try it . It was AMAZING! I've been back three times now. They have the best breakfast my new favorite place :) i recommend there muffins , cinnamon french toast , and the strawberry waffles. All the staff was friendly with smiles as soon as we were walking up. Our serve was steve he was really friendly and came to check on us often. Overall its great !
3	I went back and had the steak frite special and it was excellent . Flavorful and tender and the sauce and  seasoning on the frites very tasty . Some of the old American comfort classics are back and all in all , it was pretty good.
5	The wife and I are always on a quest to find something different to eat, and we decided we would give Mimi's a try.The first impression felt like I walked into a beautiful home, it had a nice and comfortable decor and for it being a Saturday afternoon wasn't that busy. We waited about 5 minutes before being seated which was really nice.At first glance of the menu I was alittle overwhelmed there was so much to look at and since I don't speak French I had a hard time deciding what was what being that most of the dishes have French names and not all of em have pictures but thankfully the waitress we had was very friendly and answered all our questionsMy wife had the bouillabaisse and I had the quiche Lorraine both were first times trying these dishes and we were both absolutely stunned at how delicious it was!! The bread they give was scrumptious and the muffins were heavenly!! I can't wait to come back here again!
4	Been here a couple of times and the service has always been quick and friendly.  The food is moderately priced, served hot, and very tasty.  Definitely will be returning!
4	A service was alittle clogged for lunch but delish! Side of Fruits were warm but main plate was great.
5	Great service! Loved the salmon salad! They offered my toddler a "kid's plate" prior to ordering along with crayons and kids menu. He really enjoyed his snacks! Kept him busy while we waited to order! :)
4	I ate here for the first time Thursday with my best friend her daughter and her son and I got to say that this place didn't disappoint the food was delicious I got the omelet with cheese and ham and 4 pancakes along with hot chocolate it was really good and exceeded my expectations as I thought it wouldn't taste that good the service was really good although they did take a little bit longer to get our food and take our orders overall this place isn't too bad it's top notches above ihop and dennys and that is saying a whole lot overall I think I will check this place out again when I get the chance.
5	I am a foodie and love checking out different restaurant around the Las Vegas/Henderson area. I used to come here on dates with an ex and even after we broke up during dinner here, I kept coming! I love it so much! The muffins are amazing. They have great specialty coffees. The Quiche Lorraine is insanely good. And The roasted chicken and artichoke penne is a must try! Pretty much everything on the menu is to die for!
5	.Nice atmosphere, friendly service, with a wide variety of food on their menu. Mimi's Cafe is always a nice place to go for any occasion
5	Absolutely love this place! I have been eating breakfast here for quite a few years and am always taken care of! I always sit with Leah or cris and they are great waitress thanks for your great service
3	First timer at Mimi's Cafe. I was extremely hungry.. The service was alright but the time bring out the food was too long. It's okay... Solid 3.5 ..
