4	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas a little over a month ago (I am playing an online poker tournament as I write this review), where we did lots of eating and gambling... and walking. Everything there is immense: a shopping center has a hundred stores, a hotel lobby has a thousand slot machines and a variety of other betting opportunities. To get from our hotel room to the street took about fifteen minutes each day. Then, to get from the street to another hotel where we could eat something took at least twenty minutes of brisk New York walking. All to say that Vegas can be a tiring place. Luckily, the Deuce changes everything. If you know their slogan and say it over and over to yourself when you're bored in an elevator or on your way to sleep, like I do, you'll know how it works:Have fun, stay out of the sun. Ride the Deuce--two dollars one way, five dollars all day. Exact change required. (I guess if you knew what "deuce" meant you'd also have an idea of the pricing.) The Deuce makes stops along the strip at all the hotels and comes pretty frequently. It runs, obviously, at all hours. For all this, though, I feel I am being generous by giving it four stars. Here's why: Though in Vegas you can play blackjack with a hooker on your lap or get married in a food court, YOU CANNOT BRING BEVERAGES ONTO THE BUS. And I'm not talking about a can of beer here; I mean coffee. With a top on it. That cost three dollars b/c of the insane price inflation in Vegas. I was informed of this insane rule (and forced to throw out my newly purchased coffee) by the Transit Ambassador for the Deuce, who was standing at the bus stop watching people board the bus at 11 a.m. one day. If you need a job, Vegas is the place to be.
2	The Deuce is great.  In theory.  Having the route go down Las Vegas Boulevard is bad.  In reality.So I've done Vegas a few times.  I know it's all about oversized things and that Caesars isn't actually as close to Bellagio as you think it is.  I know it's all about my legs and feet aching.  With my public transportation savvy I thought this was the way to go.Don't get me wrong, the price is a steal compared to a cab or even the monorail but if you treasure your time in Sin City then this isn't the way to go.  With the insane amounts of traffic on the Strip this bus is slow going and the 3 mile trip downtown will do nothing but sober you up because it takes a good 40 minutes.  It's a great option if you're going to take it just a stop or two.It's Vegas.  Indulge yourself for the millionth time and take something that DOESN'T go down Las Vegas Boulevard like the Monorail or a cab.
4	the deuce is a great idea if you actually use it!!  i bought a 24 hour pass for 5 bucks and only used it once!!  it's really slow because it makes so many stops and because there is so much traffic on the strip.. it's a double decker bus and riding on the top level is awesome!  you get to see everyone from up there!  it's nice because it's air conditioned and when you are in vegas during the summer it's super hot and humid!!  the deuce can take you anywhere on the strip and it runs for 24 hours a day!!  a good alternative to taking a taxi if you are on a budget!!
3	For $2 a ride, it's a cheap way to see the Strip and the people on it are a mixed crowd.  There was a combination of couples, families, and flat out drunk crazy people.  I really feel sorry for the bus drivers that have to deal with these weird people.  It took about 45 minutes from the front of Paris to  Fremont Street.  The ride is really slow because there are so many stops and traffic get so slow on the Strip.  If you're not in a rush, the Deuce is the way to go.
1	It took us 40 plus minutes from Planet Hollywood to the Sahara at rush hour. I really think the driver had been pithed at a state institution and then loosed on the public as some sort of morbid joke or cynical statement about limited mental healthcare funding in Nevada. Either that or endstage snakebite. May be better at other times but I wouldn't give you odds, even in Vegas.
4	The Deuce is slow because of all the stops and traffic and can get warm in the summer when the door is open and the air conditioning leaks out.However, it is cheap at $5 a day and covers Vegas fairly well.  You can transfer to the other parts of the CAT system so you can hit the Locals casinos if you get tired of the Strip.What you have to do is view it as part of the transportation solution which can vary from one person to another depending on need and expense.  I think the other alternatives are the free shuttles that casinos have and sometimes the monorail when the traffic is really bad.If you want to see  a really good discussion of Las Vegas transportation, there is a new website I found called vegasmadeeasy.com that has the most detailed discussion I've seen.  I didn't know about some of the shortcuts to the Strip casinos until this site.
4	We blew $20 on a cab ride from Wynn to Fremont Street, then smartened up and spent $4 to get back on The Deuce.  Yes, it's slow and lends itself to a mixed, drunken crowd, but when you're at your wit's end throwing cash at taxi drivers, then this is a welcome respite.  Dunno if I'd tackle it, though, on the Strip at night--I imagine walking might just be faster in those conditions.  But not a bad way to get downtown on the cheap.
4	It ain't fast.....but if you aren't in a hurry (as in you aren't trying to get from Fremont Street to Manadalay Bay in under 50 minutes to get the last shuttle to your hotel located in BFE so that you don't have to shell out yet another $30 for cab fare but the Deuce is so slow you arrive with 2 minutes to go and have to race down the street in 4 inch heels knocking fanny-pack wearing grandmas carrying 3-foot tall margaritas out of your way in order to make it just as the shuttle is pulling away) then it's great. $2 one way, $5 all day, takes about an hour to get from one end of the strip to Fremont Street in even the slightest bit of traffic. The people can be crazy, it makes a lot of stops and there is a great chance you will have the best bus driver ever, who, after yelling at people for infractions like eating, standing before the bus has come to a full and complete stop, and using the wrong door, says something awesome like: "Watch your step out there and remember, I care about you!"
3	I knew this would be the slowest mode of transportation but I got on it anyway since I was being a cheapskate. I soon found out that it was the $2 bus ride to hell. Two stops after getting on the bus, a line of loud, obnoxious women boarded the bus and proceeded to sing, yell, chat noisily across the aisle, comment on stupid signs outside, make dumb jokes about rednecks, laugh, and sing some more. Oh, and of course they all had to have their tiaras on their head because they were having a homecoming queen reunion. I was about ready to curl up in the fetal position and pierce my ears with the Coke bottle I bought from the Coke store earlier. I doubt they were drunk off their asses since it was only 12:30 in the afternoon, but since this is Vegas, anything could have happened. I would've much rather taken the Monorail to the Sahara Station and took the Deuce from there to downtown LV instead of taking the Deuce the whole time up the Strip. At least it would've been more bearable. I'll be generous and give three stars because if you have all the time in the world, it is definitely an economical way to get around Vegas.
3	Everything that has already been written is very, very  true! Don't plan on the bus arriving according to schedule and be ready to get passed up if it is already full - very frustrating, especially if you have already been waiting for awhile. However, if you are staying on the north end of the Strip it is a good alternative from expensive cabs and long walks.  Again, just know it will not be quick - be sure not to be on a set schedule to make a show or dinner reservations as you'll probably be late.If you want to miss the crowds of the main Strip take the Deuce down to Fremont and gamble in downtown Vegas. Nice change and very old school.Also, good to know is that after a long bus ride to the far south end of the route, the Deuce goes right past the airport's rental car hub. So, if you want to rent a car to go say to Hover Dam for the day and save yourself taxi fare, take the Deuce. Just remember it will take some time depending on where you pick up the bus, traffic, time of day and if there is construction on Vegas Blvd.
3	NOTICE: On about 10 January 2010 the Deuce will only stay on the strip casinos and not go downtown. Another bus rapid transit system called ACE will go downtown.FASTER ALTERNATIVE TO THE DEUCE UNTIL 10 JANUARY : Route #116, KOVAL / INDUSTRIALhttp://www.rtcsouthernnevada.com/transit/route/116/116(6-1-08).pdf* Residents use bus route #116 which parallels the Deuce route, but on the streets behind the casinos. It is CONSIDERABLY faster since it doesn't make as many stops. Neither the #116 or the Deuce makes change so have quarters and dollar bills. The advantage of this route over the Deuce is speed and not being crowded. The side streets are not as pretty as the strip. The schedule is given above.                              Deuce              Bus Route #116Price (1 way)      $3                       $1.75Price (24 hour)  $7                       $4.00 (add $1 per trip on  Deuce)Transit Time       no schedule    22 min. D-town Transit Ctr. to Palazzo                                                        18 min. Palazzo to Mandalay                                                         50 min. entire route    Headway            7-8 minutes      30 min. 5am-7pm (8pm-1am 60 min) Night                   @17 minutes    take Deuce between 1am & 5:00 amEquipment         double deck     ordinary busX-Fremont St.    4th & 5th st.       2nd & 4th st. Advantages        view deck          speed / cheaperDisadvantages  overcrowded     low frequency requires scheduleDisadvantages  drunks                drivers are not as colorfulWARNING: The Downtown Transit Center is only two blocks north of Fremont Street, but it can be a more urban reality than the average tourist may want to see. Follow the instructions below.I put a map under the Wikipedia article called "Downtown gaming in Las Vegas". It's near the bottom of the page. It shows all the locations to pick up buses that are of interest to tourists and visitors.DOWNTOWN TO STRIP    If you are going from downtown to the strip catch the bus on Casino Center Blvd. just south of Golden Nugget porte cochere (walk between the Golden Nugget and the Four Queens).  This bus stop is the same one used by the shuttle to Premium Outlet Mall. This leg is probably the MOST EFFECTIVE one to use the bus on. All the tourists get on the Deuce at one single stop  at Las Vegas Blvd & Fremont three blocks away while the #116 bus leaves half empty. Route #116  could save you 45 minutes of waiting in line for the Deuce . As of this writing the evening buses leave at  8:00, 9:00, 10:00, 11:00, 12:00, 1:00 from the transit center.   Unfortunately the bus leaves at the same time as the hourly Fremont Street Experience show.  During the day, if you are standing at the Golden Nugget across the 2nd street from the Four Queens and you see the bus, you can jog to the bus stop (just a bench and a sign) in about 90 seconds.STRIP TO DOWNTOWN On the way from the strip to downtown, board the bus on Sands Blvd on the north side of the street by the Nieman Marcus (across from Treasure Island). Get off the bus when you can see casinos on 4th and Fremont Street. Deuce riders disembark at the same place.NORTH STRIP Access to Circus Circus on this route is from the rear. If you are going to Sahara, Slots-a-Fun, the Riviera or the Stratosphere take the Deuce.MID STRIP to LOWER STRIPLOWER STRIP to MID STRIP There is much less advantage to using route #116 in this direction unless you are staying in the Motel 6. The bus stops are on Koval Lane behind the parking lots of the Casinos on the eastern side of the strip.  The bus rejoins Las Vegas Blvd by the Luxor.Your all day pass can be used to take the local buses from Las Vegas Blvd over to the Rio, the Palms, the Orleans, and the Gold Strike.BY 2009 By 2009 they will have the ACE (a cross between a bus and light rail) which will provide access to downtown. It will follow pretty much the same route as the route #116 bus route. = You will be able to take the ACE or the DEUCE.
2	If you're going long distances, use the Deuce (i.e. from the Strip to Downtown). Otherwise, it's a waste of time and you'd be better off calling a taxi.First, this thing moves incredibly slow, and I have no idea why. When I first took it, it was during heavy traffic, so I made excuses for the bus driver. But the next time, there was no traffic anywhere, and we still went the same speed.The whole double decker set up is annoying. Many people carry bags or luggage and carrying them up and down those stairs takes a lot of effort. Plus, if the bus is crowded (which it usually is), you have to fight to get around everyone else. I can see how having the double decker might be thought of as a fun way to see the Strip, but the whole bus is covered in ads, so you're not getting a very good view.Finally, I didn't really like the way I was treated when I was trying to board. There was an employee at the bus stop that was instructing people how to get on the bus (is that normal?). He asked if I had a pass or something, and when I said I did not, he told me I couldn't get on! I had two dollars, so I wasn't sure what the problems was. He got slightly indignant and told me I could only board if I had exact change. Which I did.I can see how a lot of tourists are idiots and that guy probably does need to be there, but it pissed me off. I could read all the signs plastered all over the bus stop, not to mention all over the bus.
5	The Deuce is the best way to get around The Strip if you (1) are in no rush to get to your destination, (2) enjoy people watching, or (3) enjoy a healthy dose of b.o. from random people several rows away.Once, my boyfriend and I were seated next to some psychopath woman who kept saying that her daughter, SADE, never took care of her after she became rich and famous.  At least I thought it was a woman...$5 gets you unlimited rides up and down The Strip for a 24-hour period.  Now that's a good deal.
5	FYI I've updated this review only because I went to Las Vegas in August of 2009 and noticed that their prices have gone up.   It still beats a cab for going along the strip.This is my preferred method of transportation when I visit Vegas and want to stay along the Strip.  This bus does go just north of Fremont Street, all the way down south to the terminal by the airport.  I wouldn't recommend taking it anymore north of the Stratosphere though.  Las Vegas seems to just get kind of weird in the area North of the Stratosphere along Las Vegas Blvd.Having that said, If you wanted to visit Fremont Street, which I guess is cool to see at least once, I'd take a taxicab.  I have no interest in doing this.  Why?  I've been to North Las Vegas and it's just a complete dump.  Woopee, there's a light show on Fremont Street there.  I live close to Disneyland.  What do I care.Anyhow, I'm glad that The Deuce is accommodating for me, it has a wheelchair lift and tie downs.  (If you're THAT slow I'll help you out.  I'm in a wheelchair lol).  What sucks about it, is that the bus is VERY slow.  You can't beat the price, though.  It's $7/day.  The driver, however cannot make change so beware.  If you're taking just one trip, you're better off saving a buck by paying $3 each way.  I think there's a bus running every 20 minutes at some parts in the day.  I don't know the exact schedule.  FYI, outside the Coca Cola factory, near the MGM Grand, there's a kiosk where you can purchase daily or 3-day passes.  There may be others but this is the only one I noticed.  I think 3-day passes are $15.If you're claustrophobic, this definitely isn't a bus for you.  It WILL get crowded at times.Last year when I went to Las Vegas, I was talking to one of the locals I'd met on the Deuce, who works in the Fashion Show Mall.  He was cool, and told me about the places I needed to check out in town.  He also mentioned where to find hookers 24/7.  haha  Thanks, but no thanks.  If you're intrigued, find a 24-hour Starbucks.Let me just tell you right now, if you're planning on going to any other Hotel/Casino that is off the main strip, TAKE A TAXICAB!  I made the mistake of taking a bus from I forget where, to the Rio.   Never again!  I could not believe the clientele on the bus.  I thought one dude was going to just go weird on me after God knows what he shot up in his veins.  There were some other wack jobs on the bus as well.  I couldn't wait to get off.  I took a cab back to my hotel.  Man, it was like a $13 ride back to the Stratosphere.If you don't mind spending the cash, don't mind looking for parking, hate the bus and well, all of the above, just go rent a car.  There's plenty of other offerings available for Vegas that are off the strip.
4	Very good alternative for using a taxi or car. Buy the all day pass for 5 dollars. It i well worth it . You can travel all the way from MGM to Sahara maybe in 20 mins. Maybe more. Better than walking. The bus is nice. I always went upstairs, to watch the little people. Nice and air conditioned too.
1	I wonder how much worse things are in Hell. After all, riding The Duece doesn't seem much better. If you know your slanguage, "Duece" couldn't be a more appropriate name. Riding this bus can be a pretty shitty experience. 1. It's riddiculously uncomfortable. True the seats have a soft plush cover, but look at the way they're organized and proportioned, they don't give you a lot of leg room, or arm room for that matter. Whoever designed the bus interior should be thrown in front of a bus. 2. They get riddiculously crowded. Considering there's so many of them running at once, they really need to put a limit on how many people can be allowed on the bus at once, it's truly riddiculous how cramped that bus can get, the seating organization doesn't help either.3. At every stop, even if there aren't any people there, the bus stops and waits for about 5 minutes. What the hell are you waiting for? If someone wasn't at the bus stop in time, that's their fault, besides, there's probably another Duece right behind you, and it's not like the bus has anymore space to pick up more passengers anyway.4. The bus drives at tour bus speed. Considering that it's the only bus on the Strip, locals and workers have to use this bus as well, they have more important destinations to get to at certain times, while these tourists are on vacation and have all the time to do whatever the hell they want. If a local is late for their job or an appointment because of how slow this bus is going, that's just downright unfair, and the driver should be sued. Even when Strip traffic is at it's worst, driving from the Flamingo to the Venetian shouldn't take anymore than 10 minutes. 15 tops. Not almost 30. And any attempts to make this a sight seeing/tour bus is borderline futile, considering that most of these buses have screen coating ads which makes everything outside look all fuzzy and distorted. Here's some suggestions:1. Do a complete remodel of the bus interiors, so the seat organization is actually functional. 2. If all the seats are filled, no more than 20 people should be allowed on the bus at a time. 3. You know what, scratch all that. Keep the Duece Bus exactly the same for the TOURISTS. How about adding a route of regular buses for the Strip that locals and workers can use, with designated stops for the Deuce and the regular CAT bus so everyone will be able to tell the difference. These buses will run at normal speed so people who have more important places to go will get there on time, since there's no tourists, there will be no epic crowds of people standing on top of each other and you'll have to pay regular fare of $2.50 for a day pass, not $5.00, which is the type of money tourists have to blow, not everyday people. I'm actually not surprised that so many people think there is nothing else to Las Vegas besides the Strip. I mean, after they see how things like The Duece work, obviously it seems totally unreasonable for people to actually thrive here.
4	ok - the funny  little slogans they repeat the whole time you are on the damn thing WILL stick in your head for a long long time, Beat the Heat,, something something.. ride the duce. something something else.But for $5 - for a 24 hour pass - I love it.  I have been to vegas to do the - limo, party all night, sleep by the pool all day, and I've been here on more of a "get to know the city" type exploration, and everything in between.  After finding the duce, it became totally my fav mode of transport (unless in heels having to get somewhere) I can pop on, ride a bit, pop off - walk a bit - hop back on etc. etc.  Once, at like 4 in the morning - I took it all the way to the turn around station, but I had to wait, for another bus to come, b/c they changed routes or something, and the timing made me have to wait there for like 30 mins.. ok THAT I'll never do again.  Lil scary.the rest - a piece of cake.
2	I'm pretty sure this thing is named so not because it's a double decker bus, but because it travels at half the speed of everyone else on Las Vegas Blvd. For the tourists who decide to be "eco friendly" and save a buck or two, this is the way to get up and down the Strip. However, please know beforehand that it is $2.00 one way and $5.00 for a 24-hour pass. The bus does not make change, so please come with EXACT CHANGE. If not, just shove that $10 bill in. You're already in Vegas, shouldn't seeing your bills disappear be like second nature by now? And don't do the opposite by lugging your quarter collection from 1978 to pay for 20 people's fares with only quarters. The 300 people on the bus and the 80 people behind you appreciate it. For everyone else, you should just be avoiding this street if your life depended on it. If you're in a hurry to get somewhere, the Deuce is not an option. Go around and just cut in from streets like Tropicana, Flamingo, or Spring Mountain. The Deuce stops at almost every major hotel on the Strip, but the drivers try to collect every single tourist under the sun, despite the fact that there is another bus not too far behind it. Please, most of the people taking this bus are on vacation! I'm sure they can wait seven to ten more minutes for the next bus, considering they are willing to wait an hour and a half for a buffet! The CAT system should definitely consider having a locals/employees bus line for the Strip. But keep the Deuce for the tourists. It's a nice touch for their Vegas experience.
1	The Deuce is the worst public transportation I have ever taken. Every stop seems to take 15 minutes for people to load and unload. It was a painfully long ride from the strip to downtown. I recommend walking or taking the monorail to get around on the strip. If you're headed downtown spend the money and take a cab.
3	Okay, folks:  Get a grip!  RTC/CAT service isn't that bad.  Sure there are the usual "bus people", including the mentally ill, the druggies and those who don't understand personal hygiene, but overall the service is reliable and inexpensive.  If you can't deal with it, get off your duff and WALK.  It really won't kill you to walk in Las Vegas.  Honest.  Irritate you, yes--kill you, no.  Besides, you probably need to walk off all that food you just consumed at one of the casino buffets.
1	For $5-all day when you are here as a tourist is probably a great deal to travel the strip & go Downtown, but as part of the CAT Bus system here in Las Vegas it is just ridiculous. Why no designated full time bus lane.MAXX on the N LV Blvd is the best.
4	Picture this--a double decker bus with a route up and down Las Vegas Strip (tying the new Strip w/ the old Fremont strip).  This route will most assuredly incur a crowd of the lively and shall we say, "happy people".  With that said, I'd say the bus does what its supposed to do.  It takes you to most of the major tourist attractions, and if you have been imbibing libations you don't have to worry about driving.  The bus just goes back and forth  along the line of Las Vegas Blvd--so not much thinking required.Had one driver who was hella funny.  He apparently could see and listen to me and my homie up on the top floor in the back, and he said, " I can hear you".  He also was very concerned about our well being.  "Please stay out of the stairwells when we're moving, because I really care about your safety," he said in a monotone voice.Other than that, I end with a bit of advice.  Give a sniff to where you sit before you settle.  If you're not in to puke-aroma, you may want to be wary of where you plop down.
4	I'm a fan of this double-decker bus. It goes up and down the entire Strip including the downtown area . It does it's job very well, albeit slowly. We rode it from it's the South Terminal(South Endpoint) all the way through the DTC (North Endpoint). We caught the Duece after riding on Bus 109 from the Airport. I highly recommend the Duece if you have some time to spend, it's your 1st time in Vegas, and would like to glance at the huge hotels off the strip in an air-conditioned environment in-between stops.  If you're looking to travel along the strip quickly, I'd recommend the Monorail instead. Hint: If you want to save $6pp and you're staying near the strip, don't be embarrassed to take the buses to your hotel instead of Aiport Shuttles which charge $8 pp.
4	For what you pay, the Deuce is totally worth it.If you are short on time and want to get to point A to point B as quickly as possible, the Deuce is not for you.If you have two hours or more to get from one end of the strip to the other, the Deuce is the way to go.The best seats are in the front row of the top deck.  For some reason, some of the buses have some sort of protective layer on the windows that ruins your pictures (I'm a picture taking machine) but the front seats don't have this.
3	Uh-oh, looks like the prices went up since my last review.  Now $3 per ride.  Still a steal if you can deal with asses and elbows while crawling up and down the strip.
4	Can't really complain about a bus that goes straight up and down the strip taking you from one crazy place to another.  The bus itself was setup pretty well, I can't say the same for the tourists that use this thing.  I dunno, maybe they are all from cities that don't have public transportation or they are not well versed in public transportation etiquette.  But that's not the bus's fault, just stupid people.  Yay for the 24 hr pass for 5 dollars.  Boo on the low hanging ceiling bumps in the back...they're killer.
3	$3 dollars a ride, or $7 for a 24-hour period. Drives all day, and all night. You gotta love the two stories with plenty of seating and windows. It's like my idea of what our city bus system should look like. The downsides are the slow pace of the ride, and that there's a strict no food or drink policy.
4	The bus stops and buses seemed to get super crowded at certain hours so you might be waiting for a while, but I was extremely thankful when this random elderly couple gave us their 24-hour passes when they were done with them (with another 3-5 hours of time left on the passes). My mom and I ended up taking the bus back to our hotel after walking for about an hour in the sun.Note to others: If you're done with your passes and there's still time left on them, pass them on! I'm betting that there will be someone out there who'd appreciate them.Apparently we also lucked out because it only took us about 10 minutes to get back to our starting point (instead of 1-2 hours)?I hadn't really looked into it before going, but I was very thankful for the one time I got to ride The Deuce.Love the name, by the way. ;)
5	after walking a lot on the strip the first night, the deuce saved us from having aching feet the next.  7 bucks for unlimited rides....thats a better deal than some amusement parks!trust me...forget walking...the deuce is your savior!
3	Ah... the Deuce.  I had to snicker when I heard the name of this bus, but the more I thought about it, the more apropos it was.  Although nobody likes to talk about it, eventually everybody has to take a Deuce.This bus is the bargain way to get to the Strip from Fremont Street with a minimum of blisters and/or muggings.  It's colossally slow, since it gets stuck in traffic pretty much all day long and the stops in some spots aren't more than a few hundred feet apart, but on the up side there's a top deck and you can stare at Vegas in air-conditioned comfort from up there if you can just block out the annoying voice of the driver on the PA.Busses run all night from every eight minutes to every twenty minutes, and it's cheap to get an all-day ticket: only $7.  Compare that to the $30 taxi ride to anywhere from Fremont and it starts looking like a real bargain.So yeah, I took a Deuce. In fact, I took several. But I'd rather not talk about it.
4	The Deuce Rocks the stripCome on people are we Americans too stuck on our self's that we can't take public transportation ?I have used the Deuce every trip to Vegas it make take a little longer to get around but you get there, and the people I have met and started conversations with is worth the fair aloneYeah it can be crowded as hell especially late at night, I have had buses drive right by or say that they were just dropping off not picking up, but there is usually a bus right behind that one
2	I know why this is called a deuce.  Another word for feces.Las Vegas blvd is always constipated anyway, so riding in the deuce is like being part of a slow bowel movement.
3	Alright, let's make things nice and sparkling clear.This is The Deuce.  Deuce is a term for two.  Number two also means pooping.  Riding this thing takes forever and you wish you just sat in your hotel going number two.You get what you pay for.  Going from Planet Hollywood to Downtown took forever and a day.  We ended up taking a taxi back.  $7 for air conditioned rest isn't bad, but if it's nice out just walk the strip.  So much people watching.Tip: If you need to get to downtown and don't want to get gouged by taxis.  Either get a rental, or take the MGM monorail from MGM Grand to Sahara.  Get off @ Sahara and take the Deuce downtown (MUCH LESS STOPS!)
2	Well, it's certainly cheap transportation.  That's about all I can say for it.  They pack 150+ people on a bus designed to hold 50.  It creeps slowly along the strip, stopping every 200 or 300 yards it seems.  Takes forever to get to your destination.They need a direct bus from the strip to downtown that only stops at maybe 2 or 3 places along the strip.  That would help a lot.  At least the bus driver was nice.  His cash machine was broken, so he let me ride back from downtown for free.  I guess it was worth it ??
4	The Deuce is a bus that runs between Downtown Las Vegas and The Strip and pretty much every hotel on the way. You can either pay per ride, or for a 24 hour period, and the somewhat comfortable buses run 24 hours a day relatively frequently.Yes it's slow, but look at your other options. Walk in the blistering heat, blow your money on cab fare (and still get stuck in traffic), or rent a car and have to deal with getting in and out of valet parking, and not being able to drink. Would you even be complaining if instead you were hanging off the side of a rickety cable car chugging up a hill?  Probably if you're just going up and down the Strip you can make better use of your feet and the various free trams and shuttles, but this is by far the cheapest non-ambulatory way to get to or from Downtown.TIP: You *can* take your luggage onto the Deuce. I'm sure it bugs the driver and the other passengers, but if you're looking to move from one hotel to another on the cheap, this is a great taxi alternative. Just kick back and relax and complain to your companions and fellow passengers about the slowness, and you'll be at your destination in no time.
3	I agree with whomever likened the Deuce to being stuck in a constipated bowel. This thing sure is slow, what with the never-ending construction projects going down in the middle of the strip. I think it may have taken us about 40 minutes to an hour to get from the MGM to Fremont Street on a Friday night.That said, I would much rather spend an hour sitting in an air-conditioned double decker and listen to the bored driver's deadpan jokes than walk around in 113-degree heat and get "holla-d at" by skeezy dudes.
5	got a great tip from one of the valets about using the Deuce.  it's a double decker bus that runs from the airport to Fremont on Las Vegas Blvd.  I so recommend this bus for all tourist and those who need to get around from one hotel to the next without walking in the hot 100+ degree weather.we were just there, 8/1 - 8/3, the weather was 106 almost every day and of course, i wanted to see all the hotels, Monte Carlos, Bellagio, Venetian and back to Wynn and then downtown.for $7pp you can get a 24hr bus pass which is 24hr from the moment you buy it until the next day.the bus stops are on the strip but are located usually in between two hotels...for example...there is one bus stop in between Paris and Bally's hotels.we were able to utilize the Deuce the full 24hrs and did not pay more than $7pp, getting on/off and was able to visit all the hotels so i can be a tourist and take as many pictures as i want :)the bus is very clean and had the AC blasting so it helped us cool down from that heat.I do not recall that we ever waited more than 5 minutes until the next one came.  remember to have exact change because the bus drivers do not have change to give to you.  $3 each way or $7 for 24hrs.forget about $10+$2tip for each taxi ride from one hotel to the next.  save yourself some money and take the Deuce.
3	Minuses:1. Oh god so slow2. Not a lot of room. If you're getting on at Fremont you should be prepared for a wait.3. Covered in advertising so you can't actually see the city from the bus.Pluses:1. Pretty comfortable for a bus!2. Air conditioned!3. Cheap 24 hour passes. Make 3 trips and you have your money's worth.
5	If there was one more star I would give it 6. That's right, 6 stars for a bus. "That must be a damn good bus!" you say and I say "But of course." I like to get tips on where I'm travelling if I know people who have gone and everyone told me, "Just take cabs, their like $5 and its far to walk." I'm glad we gave up on that sooner rather than later. Cabs are not "like $5" more "like $14" with tip, so that's a lot every time you want to move around during the day, which is, if you're active, about a dozen times. The deuce is so tourist friendly it's pure insanity. It has great screens on both levels of the bus that show which stops are coming up and, on top of that, the voice will announce what you can connect to there and everything that is remotely in the area. It's wonderful! The bus drivers are helpful and this puppy will take you all the way to Fremont street if you want! You can also connect to the airport or the Premium Outlets on this bad boy. Be careful though, once you get off the strip and this bus the transit isn't the best. This is amazing because it runs 24 hour a day and even in the middle of the night the longest you have to wait is 17 mins for a bus. Normally every few minutes. The deuce may feel slow because it takes a long time to load everyone on at each stop but don't be fooled, you're still going faster than walking and it will help save your feet. There are usually a ton of seats on the second level so don't be afraid to go up there, it's a nice view too. The bus is $3 one way or $7 for the whole 24 hours, so just get the day pass, it's worth it. We also heard on our last day that you can get a 3 days pass for $15 from the machines at the bus stops. Next time, it's on like kong and I'm getting that on my first day!
2	Really? Paid $15 for the 3 day pass, but most of the time the bus was full or we'd have to wait for the "next bus".....A few of the times we just walked. One area down by New York New York they were doing construction and the bus stops were CLOSED?!? Great! What good is it having a bus pass? Like I said we ended up walking a fair amount of the time, which I don't really mind. My friend said we had to have this to get around, but Vegas could have made themselves a rail system and been able to move people around much more efficiently along the strip and to and from the airport....just a no-brainer, back when a place for the Strip was being thought out. Hind sight is twenty twenty.....
3	Remember the opening scene of Office Space, where Peter Gibbons is stuck in traffic?  He looks over to see a geezer with a walker who is moving faster than he is.  Substitute YOU , sitting in the Deuce on LV Blvd, and substitute hordes of drunk tourists for the geezer with the walker and you'll have an idea of what riding (and by riding I mean sitting while stationary)  the Deuce is like. Having said that, everyone should ride the Deuce at least once.  Some love it, some hate it, some merely endure it because it is, in fact, an inexpensive way to get up and down the strip.  Fast it's not.  Clean?  No, not so much.  Fun?  It can be.  It can also be smelly and horrifying in that GET ME OUT OF HERE RIGHT NOW way.Minus one star for a company that clearly is ok with an employee (the driver) who sports, I shit you not, 10 inch fingernails.  Especially disgusting to watch this driver eating a Big Mac while simultaneously driving, shouting at the aforementioned hordes of drunken tourists for falling off the sidewalk, delivering a running commentary on not standing in the stairwell, and operating the door of the bus with those greasy, nasty fingernails.  Yikes.    I am no stranger to public transportation. It is a very necessary part of life in any big or crowded city.   I just prefer other methods of getting around. Also, I'm a bit of a bitch, right?!?   But for what it is, the Deuce serves a good purpose.
3	This is a neat mode of transportation if you have the time. It's a nice value, you can get a pass for the day or weekend instead of spending it on a cab. During the summer, it's a nice way to beat the heat. It can also serve as a tour bus where you can ride up & down the strip. It stops virtually at every casino and the major shopping areas off the strip. Nice & clean. You may have to tolerate obnoxious tourist or weirdos. One thing to note is the Deuce does move slow due to the numerous stops it makes, so you should ride it only if you're in a leisurely pace. Worth riding the Deuce once. On a side note, how cool is it to review a double decker bus in Vegas on Yelp. Fantastic!!!
3	This is a double decker bus that runs up and down the strip 24/7. I visited during December and it was crowded on one trip and roomy on the way back. I spent $7 for a round trip ticket from my Hotel (Casino Royale) to Fremont Street (Old Town) I thought it was a nice effective way of getting to where I needed and you will get to meet your travelling neighbors when it gets busy. I am not sure I would use this during 90 degree plus weather. The idea of my face trapped in the armpit of oversized, overheated intoxicated passenger during the summer months might force me to take a taxi.
5	Five stars for a bus?  In Vegas?  Really?  How good is it or am I still in a drunken stupor from Vegas?After lunch and a long walk around Miracle Mile, it was raining in Vegas - non-stop until the evening and we didn't want to get sick or walk any further in it.  We spotted a ticket booth near the Bellagio and purchased some bus passes.  $3 to ride one way and $7 to ride 24 hours.  Let's take that 24 hour option.  The Deuce machines are located up and down the strip, as are bus stops. It stops every 5-10 minutes so you don't have too wait long.We got our passes, walked back across the street, waited in the Miracle Mile and ran out as soon as we saw the bus coming.  Beverages aren't allowed on the bus but wow, it's a two story bus and it's very clean!  A little slippery because of the rain but they have slip guards on the stairs and in the seating area. Very nice.  We traveled up and down the strip via The Deuce all day and saved ourselves some precious money in cab fare and gas by leaving the car behind at Mandalay Bay.  I will definitely consider this again if I'm in Vegas especially since the machines take cash and credit cards.
2	The Deuce looks neat to look at and to try for a block but if you are going from The Strip to Downtown a taxi would be a faster way.  The bus was comfy and safe but it was very slow.  It stops every block or so and waits for 8 minutes at each stop.  While I had a seat the bus alot of people had to stand as the bus becomes crowded.
5	Get the all day pass, it is well worth it. The Deuce was a great way to saVe the hassle and cost of grabbing countless Taxis throughout Vegas. By far the best value in Vegas.
4	Oh the Deuce Double Decker bus transit system! How much I love you! Cause walking is for suckers! I just wish you would show up on time more often... but for $3 for one way, $7 for 24 hours, or $15 for a three day pass, you are so worth it! They only take cash on the bus, I never had the opportunity to purchase a pass from the select Deuce machines along the strip, but I'm pretty positive it's the same way. The Deuce stops quite frequently on the strip, I wouldn't say at every hotel, maybe every other hotel. Most of the drivers are friendly, I did experience 2 of the drivers with road rage, which I think was more entertaining than anything! LOL I have noticed how much busier this bus transit is now than it was, 4 years ago... in mid February of 2010, there were times where we had to wait for the following bus 3 different occasions because of the bus being full. If your not in a big hurry to catch a show on the strip, it's not a big deal, but if you have all the time in the world, this is the bus for you!
4	When you first get to the Strip, everything seems so close together. Well, there are only so few casinos and resorts between the Mandalay Bay to the Stratosphere. (Although the part of the Strip that matters most other than the one-time trip to the Stratosphere for the tower+thrill rides ends at the Wynn, unless you forget to do your research and end up staying at the Circus Circus/Sahara.) Wrong. See, these behemoths manage to fit everything into their resort because, well, they're rather large and therefore has adequate space for everything you could possibly need if you were contained to any single one of them. So getting from one to another takes longer than you might assume at first glance.According to Google Maps, attempting to walk from the Mandalay Bay to the Wynn will take you 49mins (2.5mi), and the Mandalay Bay to the Stratosphere 1hr 22mins (4.2mi). I'd probably take double that time. I get distracted a lot in Vegas.Either way, if you're traveling alone or with one other person who'd also rather spend their money on great meals and entertainment than taxis, you have a solution to protect yourselves from aching feet, wasted time, and improper allocation of funds. It's called the DEUCE. I didn't care to discover this option until my sixth trip to Vegas (discounting all the times I went before I turned 21), which was a serious fail.$15 for a 3 day pass = that's what I'll get on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Did you know structures in Vegas are built so that they look close by when they're really not?! Neither did I!! Thank goodness for The Deuce! This double decker bus saved me from a sad desertly demise while I wandered in the wrong direction down the Las Vegas strip on a warm April day. Although it can get crowded if you're beat from a day or two of walking up and down the strip The Deuce can save your life, and it also doesn't hurt if you've spent all your money at the tables because about 7$ buys you 24hrs worth of ride time.
4	Definitely the way to get around town with lots of stops (or fewer on the Goldline) and a reasonable $7 for 24 hours unlimited for both bus lines.
3	The Deuce is a great way to travel fro m the Strip to Fremont Street and to see other casinos. I use the directions in Yelp, select the bus and it gives detailed directions including the time the bus arrives. The only bad thing is that it gets very crowded sometimes and you have to wait for a second bus. Also traffic slows the buses down sometimes, but that is not the Deuce's fault.
3	This review is for 10/17/2010. After many years, I have finally tried The Deuce. I took a cab over to Harrah's from Mandalay Bay. The cab ride was $15 and change and I guess it was much faster than riding the bus. So, I had to try the Deuce to see the PROS and CONS. I don't remember what time I left Harrah's. Who remembers right?! lol. I think it was around 10pm. The bus that arrived was the double decker bus. There are two types of buses, the long articulated bus and the double decker. I was greeted by a lady who was very kind and joking with me about buying a day pass versus me buying a one-way pass. The one-way pass is actually a 2-hour pass. Not bad at all. However, the con is that the bus was packed. The second floor as well. I got off around Planet Hollywood/Paris/Bellagio. So, I waited for the next bus, but the bus was packed again. So, I walked a couple blocks south to the other side of the United Artists theatre and found a bus that was not packed at all. The pass I had was a little weird. I wasn't sure how to insert it, but you slide the piece of card like an ATM. Overall, the bus is very crowded, but I would not like to ride it during the summer when everyone is running from the heat. $5 for a 2-hour pass is not bad, but would like it to be 24 hours and you would get more customers. Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
5	What the deuce? I'm glad LV has a double decker bus now, because all these busses get packed like all these hispanic boxers. (Pacquiao/Margherito plug)If you're a tourist or you're a local and you  wanna be a tourist,  catch the deuce. You'll be glad you did, $5 bucks for locals all day, and $7 bucks for non-locals.  How they will find out if you're local or non-local, I have no clue. Deuces!!
4	The Deuce is a great alternative to taking a taxi. $5 for 2 hours, $7 for 24 hours, and $14 for 72 hours is not a bad deal if you consider taxi prices. The later in the day the more traffic there is, so plan on it taking some extra time to get to where you are heading. Even if it is slow, its worth it to get a good tour of the strip without having to walk infinity miles. Plus, who wants to walk off all the food you just ate after eating at a Vegas buffet when you can sit on your ass on a bus? America!
4	$7 per person to get anywhere up and down the Strip? Yes please.
5	I will never walk on the strip in Vegas again! Well, I suppose I have to walk to the bus stop... but that's IT! The Deuce is two levels of good time laziness that got me everywhere I wanted to go for only $7. That's $7 for an entire 24-hour period and, let me tell you, I got AROUND in those 24 hours!I use my local bus system (SF MUNI) daily and I can say that The Deuce buses are the cleanest buses I have ever been on. The stops are easy to understand and there are plenty of RTC agents at prime stops and sometimes on the bus who pleasantly answer stupid tourist questions.(Hope it's not cheating to add that the Downtown/Strip Express is much better for getting to the 'Fremont Street Experience' on the same $7 pass.)
3	I would've rated a 2 if it wasn't for the convenience of the cheap 24 hour pass they have, plus the fact it's a double decker bus, and it's better than a taxi.Enough with the positives, the buses are SLOW. I've ridden double deckers in Toronto and Hong Kong, and they are lightning fast compared to these escargots. The dwell time at each of the bus stops can be as much as 5 minutes, especially at the stops south of Circus Circus. I outwalked a Deuce bus in the afternoon a few days ago, and I didn't even break a sweat. Finally, the bus jerks on its second gear of acceleration, so hold on if you're standing.
1	Horrible. The 24 hour unlimited rides pass for residential and The Strip routes ($7) is good, but this bus route is not. The Deuce is a double decker bus that serves The Strip and Downtown. There is a bus called Strip Express that runs along the same route, but with less stops. Take that bus instead.The 1 star is for the slowness of this route. The bus stops are too close apart and it appears each stop is full of people getting on and off. I made the mistake of taking this route to and from Downtown. It took over a hour each way. Ridiculous. Left feeling that it would be quicker to just walk. Given this, I did not take the Deuce for the rest of my visit, instead relying on the CityCenter tram that runs from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio.Las Vegas has got to figure out a better way to move people. The time spent on the Deuce was a big fat turd. Waste of too much time.
2	Never mind, it's a 2 after all.The reliability of The Deuce in the last two days I stayed crashed. The first three days I've waited no more than 15 minutes, which was the said frequency of the route. However, the fourth day I waited 20 minutes for one, and it was full. The next one was about 5 minutes behind, so 25 minutes total. The fifth day? 35 minutes, and had to wait two buses in order to get on.The catch-22 is that I can see why there's stops at literally every single block; it's meant as literally a Strip/Downtown sightseeing shuttle, compared to the SDX.Next time, I'm staying at a hotel that's served by the express buses. As much as I loved The Venetian.
2	When The Deuce first started, I never had any trouble getting on and riding it. But now it's caught on, and it's a major pain. Now it's a good place to drop a deuce. I've been on them when they made announcements that you had to be sitting down and weren't allowed on the stairs. Now you can stand on the stairs if you want. And I've been on them when they crowd us on like sardines, and sometimes people just don't smell fresh, if you know what I mean.Last time I rode I was excited to get the front seat upstairs cause I thought it would be like a sight seeing excursion. Add 6 or 7- fifteen minutes stops while they cram people on and let people off, and the sun shining right in on you, with people standing right next to you. We stumbled off, well heated thank you very much, and vowing to only take cabs from now on. Or walk. Whatever. Anything is better than this.
3	If the Taxi lines at all the hotels are hella long, and you lost Superman's number, and you don't feel like walking allll the way to the monorail, or maybe cabbing it is starting to drain your wallet faster than the roulette and craps tables, or you're just tired of walking and dodging the ever-multiplying groups of promoters with the call girl cards, the Deuce is a great option. In a way it reminds me of the trains in NYC where you get to see so many different types of people. And in NYC we met the milkman, but in Vegas, there was a baby cussing. I could have sworn he was repeating, "Fuck this" over and over again. I wish I had it on video! It was hilarious! Maybe he was angry that the busride was taking too long.I felt bad for the preggie lady who had no seat so she had to stand in the stairway. There were a lack of seats on the first level, but plenty of seating upstairs. There is a screen which indicates what stop you are at, but I was a bit confused as to which stop was mine. I think the screen was one stop behind. Luckily my friend was watching the window. The Deuce is a double-decker bus, but it's just public transportation.  It's a good option, but it took us 25 minutes to get to the Stratosphere from our stop across from Treasure Island, whereas by taxi, it would have been a 10 minute ride instead. We also waited 10-15 minutes for the bus to arrive. It was a bargain, though. We paid only $5 for a 2-hour unlimited pass. $7 would have gotten us a 24-hour unlimited pass.
2	Still much less expensive than a taxi, if you're not in a hurry, but the prices have been raised from last time I rode.  They now have a new "Gimmick", a two hour pass for $5.00.  For all practical purposes, this really translates into a single ride for $5.00, because nobody can board the bus, finally get to where they're going, finish their business or pleasure, then re-board the bus for the return trip in under two hours.  It just sounds better when they says it's $5.00 for a two hour pass, instead of saying hey, we more than doubled the price of a single ride ticket.The buses are clean and well maintained though, and I felt safe on them.
4	Why am I just finding out about this? My aching feet were so thankful I eventually DID find out about The Deuce, making it the best $7 I've EVER spent in Vegas! $7 gets you a 24-hour pass, $5 for 2hrs (but that's a jipp because you'd have to be the roadrunner to get on and back on the bus within that short span of time). The Duece is a double-decker bus that goes up and down the Strip, as far south as Freemont Street (aka Old Las Vegas). You have to either buy a pass at the kiosks at each of the bus stops (preferred) or, if your short on time, pay on the bus.My only gripes were that the bus was very crowded basically all the time and, because of traffic on the Strip, the bus goes very slow with tons of people getting on and off at every stop...so if your trying to get somewhere in a rush, I'd go with a cab instead of The Deuce. There's also an express bus that goes the same route as The Deuce but makes less stops. Overall, if you're not in a huge hurry, The Deuce beats the expensiveness of cabs and gets you where you need to go, as well as giving your feet some rest...and for that, I am grateful and will gladly patronize The Deuce.
4	For $7 , you get a 24 hour pass to go anywhere from the strip to Downtown . It's pretty  worth it if you ask me . You save a lot more money versus taking a taxi .
5	Park your car at one of the hotels...(if you have one) and right the Deuce!!Up and down the strip for 24 hours for $7....no brainer!!!I'm anti-vegas taxi's because the price changes depending on the drivers mood!! I once paid $35 to go 2 blocks....WTF!!Ride the Deuce..especially if you aren't in any condition to drive!!!You won't regret it.
2	Public transportation isn't this city's strong point. Pros:* Cheaper than a taxi * Clean, kinda* Cool advertisements on the sideCons:* Elderly people need to sit on the bottom. It took this senior citizen 10 minutes to get down those stairs. If you are elderly and reading this: "Sit down below, you will hurt yourself on those stairs!" If you are young and reading this: "Please give up your seat for a senior." * It can be confusing even if you are familiar with public transport. The downtown stops don't pick you up where you get dropped off. Suggestions:* Buy the $7.00 24/hour pass, not the $5.00 2/hour pass. You'll spend at least 2 hours on Freemont Street even if you don't like it and 30 minutes of the ride is dilly-dallying through the ghetto.* Bring a full bottle of water. It's hot as hell on them.Suggestions for the RTC:* There really needs to be dedicated express buses to downtown from the Wynn. There is no need to make 13 other stops when everyone one is going to the same place. * Also, I understand there probably is a taxi union as strong as the Hoover Dam, but figure out some kind of bus / metro system to/from McCarran. These taxis continue to rob tourists.
4	There are a number of ways to get around The Strip: walking, taxi, monorail, and the Deuce. We've done them all but the favorite is the Deuce. Walking in the heat = blisters and heat exhaustion (not to mention lots of aggravation from the uncountable numbers of unsavory characters hawking their mothers, sisters, and girl-cousins who, if you believe the advertising... are more than willing to sell their affection). Taxi = convenient and comfortable, but expensive. Monorail = fun but not really all that close to the attractions on the strip (see "Walking in the heat", above). Deuce = conveniently located right on the strip, lots of stops at all of the casino/hotel's... and affordable. Probably the best bargain for transportation in LV. Conveniently located stops that are clearly marked. Easy ticket buying (machines or on-board). Frequent schedule (varies but is between every 10 to 15 minutes). Drivers were courteous and helpful. Extremely clean and air conditioned. Sometimes the bus got crowed. Wait time at stops varies depending on number of riders exiting and entering. Might not be the best option if one is on a tight schedule, but when touring and in no rush it is comfortable and convenient!
3	What to say, it served its purpose and for the price you just can't beat it. If you are going to be in Vegas for three days, get the three day pass for $20.00. Definitely worth it, even if you only use the bus once or twice a day. It was handy and there where times we were going from one end of the strip to the other where we would either use the Deuce or the express to get there because, even if it was only a mile, we didn't feel like walking anymore, where tired, or just being lazy. The problem with the Deuce comes down to the people that use it. There are a lot of people on there that are just not nice at all. Blocking aisles, taking up multiple seats, not following directions, pushing, shoving, etc. If you go up to the second story, yes, you can see things better, but sometimes getting off the bus is a challenge, especially if you have size 13 feet like I do. Almost slipped going down the steps. The way they have some of the chairs facing is goofy too. You get to know strangers pretty quickly! Some of the driver's are pretty snotty, but see above about the people using the bus. I'd start getting grouchy too if I had to constantly remind people to:1:Make room for people getting on the bus by going upstairs or moving to the back of the bus. 2. Enter the bus through the front door only. 3. Make way for people exiting the bus. 4. Not stand in the stairwell, either move up or down. If people would exercise some common courtesy it wouldn't be so bad. That and if they wouldn't try to cram 300 people on a bus that holds 100.
5	When you're drunk and don't want to walk, this is a good option.  Sit down, relax and enjoy the ride and the billion dollar views.  At least you know you won't be getting ripped off by a sly taxi driver.
4	As a fan of taking public transportation in every major city I visit, the Deuce did not disappoint. Thank you for making it so easy to snub the rude, opportunistic, and downright evil taxi drivers and get to where I needed to go my damn self. 24 hr unlimited passes for $7 cannot be beat. The Express bus rocked, too.
1	some of the drivers are a$$holes. driver pulls up, i try to ask him a question (whether or not he stops near circus circus since i had my 2 kids with me).  he proceeds to ignore the question and just say "you need to take your kid out of the stroller".  mind you, my kid and stroller and wife weren't even on yet (they were waiting for me to confirm that the bus was going to where we needed to go).  i ask him again.  he fires back with the same statement about needing to take my kid out. i ask him one more time, and he says "i can't hear you, the air conditioning is loud" - clearly being a smartass and refusing to answer my question.  i stormed off the bus and two other customers told me that he was an a$$hole to them earlier as well.  wtf?  are you that disgruntled? i'm sorry you hate your job, but here's an idea - how about you do it and maybe you'll feel better about yourself?on a separate occasion, another driver drove off after stopping only for 30 seconds at the stop. a few other people and my family were still walking toward to the bus to board when he just drove off.  he was clearly 'in service' as well, he just was late or impatient.i hope someone from the company reads this and seriously makes some changes to the way they train their drivers.
4	This bar / lounge has excellent customer service and plays great tunes.  A really enjoyable stop on our night club crawl.
4	$7 for 24 HOURS pass is a really good deal if you are going around the strip or to Downtown Fremont. Those buses are clean and drivers are pretty nice. It's always packed even on weekdays. If you don't want to stop at every single stop, you should ride the EXPRESS ones. They don't stop at every single stop and only on the express ones, you can board from the back door. Don't try to do that when you aboard The DEUCE because the ticket checker will yell at you (nicely). Also, another tip, you should try to get a seat on the upper level of THE DEUCE. You will be able to see the road and all Vegas hotels much better.These buses run 24 hour and for the express ones they are running until 12:30 am. I love Vegas' public transportation system.
3	Did not want to rely on cabs to get around, as we had quite a few stops to make around town during our week in Vegas, so we decided on 3 day passes for the Deuce and SDX.After doing some research online before our trip, I thought it would be easy to purchase our first set of 3 day passes at the Mandalay Bay bus station, since it says online there is a ticket kiosk there. We should have purchased them ahead of time online and had them sent to us. The first ticket machine we went to accepted exact change only and would not accept credit cards. Unfortunately for me I only had small bills and large bills but did not have exact change. So we walked across the street to another bus stop and there wasn't a machine there. Walked down to another bus stop and luckily it accepted credit cards. This service is only a few years old? The ticket machines are pretty sad. They are often times unresponsive, slow, and like I previously mentioned do not always accept all forms of payment. Anyway we got our first set of passes and set out to get on a Deuce bus sitting at the stop with it's flashers on. We asked the driver if it was heading down the strip and he said no. You will have to catch the next bus. Ok. Next bus comes along 10 minutes later, he picks us up, then proceeds to sit there with his flashers on for another 10 minutes. Really?Ok so we get to our destination quite a bit later than expected and wonder if we should have just gone with taxi cabs instead. Too late, we already have 40 bucks in the Deuce, we might as well use it. It wasn't all that bad really, as it did help us get around and there always seemed to be a bus stop nearby wherever we were. We used the SDX to get to and from the marriage license bureau but other than that we rode the Deuce.I found it to be clean and comfortable for the most part, with the exception of one bus we got on that smelled like someone dropped a deuce on the Deuce. I can't blame the bus for the hygiene of it's passengers.I also found the drivers to be polite in what little interaction I had with them. There were a few rude people riding the bus but that is to be expected on any transit system.Will I use it again? Probably yes.
2	Two stars for being very handy back when it wasn't yet popular and could handle the capacity. The el cheapo trips from Center Strip up to Fremont and back for just a few bucks were great back then. My last three trips to Vegas, however, had me walking more than riding as I hoofed it toward my destination and watched packed bus after packed bus roll by stations teeming with waiting passengers. Neat idea, but there just needs to be more buses. In the meantime, I'll take advantage of the additional exercise or reluctantly go back to cabs.
1	Zero stars. There was quite a large number of people waiting for a bus at the Fremont Street bus stop, and no buses came by.  After a long wait one bus went right past without stopping even though it was not full.  Then 3 arrived at once. The crowd was getting a little out of control and angry. Other passengers missed a show they bought tickets for because of the delay.
5	Sometimes public transportation can be scary...but not here. At least 90% of the riders are tourists. In my opinion, you can't beat $7 for 24 hrs.
3	Was in town for Yelp Spring Break with BFF ~ I hadn't been in LV in about 15 years and had tried the bus then with hubby ~ so BFF & I tried the bus into downtown from strip. Our experience was better than we had anticipated. The buses were clean and not nearly as crowded as I remembered them being years before. Consequently, we rode the bus several times over the next couple days. The price was right, we always found seats ~ usually right away ~ and although my car was in the parking garage, it made so much more sense to ride the bus than drive in that weekend traffic.
3	Great inexpensive way to get up and down the Strip!Coming from NYC where we use mass transit as part of our everyday lives it is no big deal to ride The Deuce up and down the strip along with the crowds of tourists.Sure, these shuttle buses can get crowded, but when it's 100 degrees out and you need a quick air conditioned ride down the strip to another casino or over to Freemont street, this service is more than welcome. At only $7 for 24 hour on and off access it's a nifty little deal.Just like in NYC you get all kinds of characters on these buses - many tourists, some locals, a few homeless, and of course the crazy peeps that make you shake your head. They are double-decker buses and have lots of seating when not too crowded. Sure, it is a cheap deal but does make a lot of stops and the ride can get tedious. It makes you consider taking cabs instead, but you will pay more that way. The Deuce is a cost conscious way to explore the strip if watching your wallet. Hey, why bother to walk in blazing heat to that next casino that you think is only a short distance away. You know it's an optical illusion and you will hate yourself after walking forever to get to it and sweating your ass off!
1	This public transit system is a joke. The drivers are so rude (and I'm from CHICAGO), the service is very erratic. I just waited 45 min for a bus and two buses with plenty of standing room wouldn't let us on. You prepay before you board so doesn't matter how long you wait, they have your money. Terrible terrible terrible.
4	After taking a $25 cab from Planet Hollywood to Freemont street we decided to take the bus back to Paris at $7 each for 24 hours. We thought it was a good idea being that it was in the upper 90s and it would save $. Unbeknownst to us it would take us a bit over an hour to reach our destination. While on the bus some overly intoxicated Vegas party goers were harassing customers and being drunken fools. I didn't notice how many tourists actually used the Deuce until I saw it fill up near the Mirage and the bus driver nt accept anymore customers.
3	After realizing that it took over an hour to get from Fremont St to the Paris hotel area, I think I would rather pay $25 for a cab at least one of the directions. Also, there were some drunken riders who were messing with the security cameras and other tourists on a crowded bus.  But for unlimited rides for 24 hours at $7, I can see why this would happen.It was however nice of the driver to point out landmarks such as the Pawn Stars shop.Cheers
4	This review is for The Deuce & The SDX from Fremont St. Experience to the Strip:Very convenient access from Fremont St. Experience downtown all the way to Mandalay Bay. Runs every 15 min. 24/7. Only drawback is it takes a bit of time & can get very crowded. But I guess it's the price you pay for not a lot of $ (i.e. vs. taxi or car rental). No drunken revelers seen during my visit but then again I only used the Deuce during the day when it's still early. The Deuce bus stop begins at Neonopolis/Heart Attack Grill & ends at Mandalay Bay. OR you can catch the SDX by Binion Hotel which is supposed to have shorter stops & end at the South Strip Transfer Terminal which is just after L.V. Premium Outlet South. The SDX only stops at certain hotels along the strip so it's best to refer to the bus map, normally at the bus stop. If you catch the SDX later in the day it might be crowded with people who shopped at L.V. Premium Outlet North where the line begins, so you may have to stand all the way from downtown to the Strip.Also, on the SDX you can enter from the back doors w/o showing your pass. I don't know what the fine is if you try to board without a pass & I wasn't about to find out. They do have monitors who check before boarding at some stops but not all.It's very amusing to note that on almost every ride back to downtown, people were asking about directions to Pawn Stars. I only know you get off at Bonneville Transit Center and walk a couple blocks toward L.V. Blvd. The bus drivers will explain how to get there.  It's kind of in a scary neighborhood so good luck if you go.
3	If you pay the $7 24 hour pass and plan to go down up and down The Strip for that long then The Deuce is the way to go! It is easy to spot The Deuce because it is a gold double decker bus. Often times the bus is jammed packed and at one stop they had to turn passengers away because they were too full. Probably a common occurrence for the bus drivers to do when driving The Strip. Despite those inconveniences walking or taking The Deuce is really the best way to get around on The Strip because driving is a real pain in the ass and it doesn't help when there are loads of inconsiderate Nevada drivers on the roads as well as tourists who are driving and don't haven a clue to what they are doing! That doesn't stop from taxi drivers from beeping at you with their horns when you are in a crosswalk and in their way though!
4	Why does no one seem to know about the Deuce? It may be Vegas' best kept secret. For a mere $7 or $8, you can get an all-day pass, and ride the Strip in comfort. You can even catch a ride to Fremont (which is, as we understand it, a $25 taxi ride) and the Stratosphere.Perks:The Deuce is actually cute and comfortable. The drivers are, for the most part, tolerant and good-humored. Ditto, the passengers. Service is frequent.Downsides:The Deuce has very few stops--you very much need to plan where you're going to get on and off. You need exact change. The busstops don't have roofs, so prepare to fry while waiting. And the Deuce is painfully slow at night, but that is the fault of traffic and slooooow pedestrians, not the bus.
4	Last summer, I went on vacation to the strip and since my parents didn't have the energy they used to have  to walk to hotels with free attractions, we decided to take The Deuce to the hotels.Since we were staying at Vegas for 4 days, we bought the 24 hour bus passes cuz we planned to relax for the 3rd day :D The bus pass fares were rather cheap, 8 bucks for a pass and since they expire after a day, it's well worth it. We first boarded the bus around noon. The bus is fairly crowded, however it isn't packed, so expect the bus to be crowded at around the late morning to noon. The seats were also filled so i stood. It was my first time boarding a public bus and I didn't know what to expect when the bus started driving. Fortunately, I caught one of those rings dangling from the top of the 1st floor on time. We finally got to the place where we needed to be and we got off.My experience didn't stop there. Night fell, and we were waiting for the bus to come. The bus was running a bit late since it has been past half and hour. It kinda feels cold since the very humid air mixed with the 80 degrees air along with a breeze can send chills through out your body. The bus finally came and GODDAMN IT IS PACKED!!! The bus driver had to cut people off because there are too many people on the bus and some people wouldn't bother to go up to the second floor and I know for sure that it has 2 times less people on the second floor. Since the nearest person on the bus whose name isn't Yang was 8 inches away from me, I couldn't wait to get off of the bus back to the hotel I was staying at. In order to make room for people, I had to sit on the blocks where the handicapped was supposed to sit. EXTRA ROOM :D and I had tons of personal space. We finally got off and we were a bit cranky because of the less personal space that we got. Nevertheless, we got outstanding service. Word of advice, don't board the bus at nighttime if you value your personal space, the monorail would be a better choice because it has less people or just call a cab.
5	The Deuce is great. No more paying for a taxi or renting a car. Just buy a pass and use the deuce or the express bus to get up and down the strip or to Fremont st. Heads up though, please read all instructions and visit their site. It will explain how to buy a pass and how to use it. The bus takes so long because people don't realize they need to get a pass or don't bring exact change or they don't know how to slide a card through a machine. Be prepared and ready to use. It's easy.
4	Stops just about everywhere on the strip but the downside is that you need exact change for the machines. 6 bucks for a 2 hr ticket 8 bucks for 24 hours or 20 bucks for 3 day pass.
5	We purchased a three day pass to be used 24 hrs a day.  That was the best $20 spent in Vegas!  A must purchase when you stay at a hotel further down the strip.  Especially since one 10 min cab ride was $20, buy the pass, it will save you so much money and you will get everywhere you need to go.  The pass can also be used for all mass transit.
2	Every 12-15 minutes isn't that bad (and in between is also the LV Express which stops at every 3 casinos, instead of every). Tourists have to pay either a $6 two hour pass or a $8 all day pass either on the machine (one takes cash and the other can get credit cards usually at most stops). If you're local, you can show your ID on the strip routes and get the local/residential route prices (which is $2 single, $3 2hour, $5 all day pass). The machines do not give you this option - pay on the bus and show the driver! If you're not a local and happen to be by Fashion Show, go to the bus stop on the side of Neiman Marcus/Macys on Spring Mtn. and use the machine there to get the locals prices.  Since that Spring Mtn stop serves "residential" routes, it serves up the locals tickets prices on the machine, no ID required... just a little insider tip. Not worth probably going out the way for from across the strip, but hey, at least you know if you're right there. The pass can be used for any RTC route and you can catch the Deuce and Express on the LV Blvd side of Fashion Show, just steps away. As a local sometimes I use the Deuce. but damn this bus sucks. It's slow rolling, people stall at the door for various reasons and it's so crowded. Far more people have been utilizing it to cheapen up on travel, sometimes buses are too full to even let anyone in and you have to wait for the next one. It's OK for what I need it to do, but it is the most unpleasant bus we have. I was stuck on one that was crowded and it was so HOT in there. It was unpleasant enough that stepping out of the bus to 90* weatheractually felt nice. I suggest at least having a fold up fan with you in the hot months and cold water. I try to go on the Express when possible over the Deuce. Less time stuck, even though it can be as crowded.
2	$ 6 for a 2 hour ticket is far too much. They know how they get the money from Las Vegas tourists.You also have to calculate time for this bus ride because sometimes you walk faster than this bus.
5	We purchased the 3-day pass for $20 each. It took us up and down the strip as many times as we wanted!! Worth the buy to get around the strip!!!!
4	Rode it once, early morning (8-ish) on June 4, 2013No problems. Sat in the upper enclosed lever and the air conditioning was NICE.  No problems finding our stop at the other end of the Strip.$14 for 24 hour pass...pricey but worth it since you can ride the SDX too.
5	Save your feet, ride the Deuce!We thought it was a great ride for a fair price. I highly recommend climbing the stairs to the upper deck - there was always plenty of space and better a/c.  As others have noted, it comes around about every 15 minutes so you never have to wait too long. My only complaint is that some of the older ticket machines are very difficult to use - I should have purchased the pass online rather than buying in person.For the love, don't stand in the stairway - please.
4	This would be a 5 star if it didn't take us almost an hour to get to Fremont St from Harrah's. There is a bus that makes much less stops and is a much faster trip that you can also jump on if it is stopping at or close to a location you are going to.This bus is a really great option and I don't know what others are talking about but $8 a person for a 24 hour pass is a really great price - if you don't think so try taking cabs around and see how much you pay!  We always bought our tickets in advance at the bus stop and didn't have any trouble with the machines.  It was about 105-110 the whole time we were here so we used the bus much more this time than in the past.  The bus does get crazy crowded and stops quickly which makes standing a bit hard sometimes.  We didn't have any problems with the AC on our bus.To the people that complain that strange people boarded and got off the bus - this is not a strictly tourist bus - the locals use it to get around too - why wouldn't you expect to see locals on a bus system in the place they live?!  I have never felt unsafe on the bus and a lot of the times we took there was some type of security guard on it.
4	Best way to travel in the trip. Saves money and time. Very Good Air-conditioning keeps you cool and protected from the hot weather outside giving a perfect way to enjoy the view of the strip. 1) It would be great to have the same kind of ticket machines in all stops as not all bus stops vend all ticket types. And, some accept cash, some don't; some accept cards, but some don't2) The machines are hidden in the rear in many of the stops. We could see people scrambling around to see where's the machine. Adding a board pointing to where the machine is, would be helpful. 3) It is confusing which door to board. Deuce boards you from front door. But people get confused when they transfer from the other bus Strip and downtown Express(Route SDX) which allows to board from rear doors as well. There can be a common way of boarding the bus.
5	A great way to travel up and down the strip on the cheap. For $8 you can ride for 24hrs, unlimited. We got our money's worth. It does take a long time to get to Fremont from the strip, but worth the money you would save taking a cab. I've been to Vegas five times and this was my first time using the Duece. Why did I wait so long?
4	It's a lot nicer than the buses in the area in from, I'll give it that haha. The Deuce comes with nicer than usual bus drivers and even some attendants towards the front who help you get around. There are display screens and announcements that also make it clear as to where you should get on and off. It's double Decker, which we really loved, it gives you a nice view of the strip and makes you feel like you're on a tour haha. Its clean and nice looking. I recommend getting the 24 or even the 48 hour passes, it really makes it easy for you to get up and down the strip and over to Fremont St. My only gripe is that finding the ticket kiosks is confusing, they're not at every stop and the stops that they're at, they're not always visible, but overall I'm very glad that we had this as a transportation option :-)
4	Cheap and convenient way to travel up and down the Strip ($8 for a 24 hour ticket). I only took it twice, but both times it was very comfortable (I expected it to be hot and packed, it was not, but this was January). It's supposed to run about every 15 min
2	Ridiculously expensive, $6 for two hours?  Maybe it's because I'm young but I choose to walk the small stretch of the Las Vegas strip.It's way too slow, most of the time I can walk faster.  RTC in the rest of the city, however, runs much faster and much cheaper as well.
4	Rode the Duece the first time this weekend with my parents. It was THE best way to do The Strip!We stayed in downtown Las Vegas because it's more their style. But you gotta at least see The Strip, right? That's what we thought. And because they are both gambling monsters, the Deuce took us to just about every popular casino in Vegas!I was amazed at how cheap and easy it is and how often the buses come. Also, it runs for 24 hours! That's convenient as hell, unless you somehow get yourself into a situation where you can't even find the bus. It's Vegas, so it's possible. $8 for a 24 hour pass. It's so much fun just drunkenly taking a tour of Vegas and not worrying about expensive cabs or driving. I'm a big fan!
4	Richard is the best driver ever. I don't know if he's still working there. We have not ridden the Deuce in years. We are monorail people now. We were riding it before purchasing your tickets before hand. I think the system is better now. Richard is a blast. We always made sure to get on his bus. He joked and laughed. He also gave great advice on food. He was just a fun, great guy all around. One night, we were riding and my mom who was at the top of the bus did not get off with us. She was in la la land? I don't know. Richard took my mom's phone and called her husband asking if she had left anything behind. It was hilarious. We laugh about it to this day.
3	The deuce was extremely convenient. We did not know about it until our last night in Vegas, though. Someone who was riding the bus from our timeshare told us about it.Prices were $6 for 2hr and $8 for 24hr. You have to purchase tickets on the street.The prices are fantastic. However, there are a few problems.-Extremely slow; there are just too many stops-The bus got full because people refuse to sit next to strangers. The driver was then forced to pull the bus over and 'assign seats' to people.
4	Great, easy, inexpensive way to see the strip and get where you want to go. Clean too. Yes there are several stops but it's safe and cheap and air conditioned.
5	This is the best way to get around Vegas if your not in a rush, Wearing heels or don't want to feel raped by Taxi fees. Super cheap $8 for a 24hr pass, You can purchase them at the bus stop or if paying cash you can buy them on the Deuce. It has A/C Operates 24 HoursNo Food or Drinks but I snuck my alkie on board, no biggie. I thought it was a great experience and would do the Deuce again next time I'm in Sin City.RANDOM FACT:The Deuce buses went into service on October 27, 2005.
3	Its only $2. But man does it take forever.
4	we stupidly walked up to caesar's palace the 1st day from convention center dr lol, we got a slow motion view of everything on the strip that way, but i spent all week being sore from any and all walking we did on the strip lol. those damn pedestrian walkways/bridges on the strip were good in that u don't have to wait for the cross walk/cars, but bad in that it diverts u and causes u to do extra walking, which sux if ur sore like we were! so when we figured out the deuce was available, it was my heaven! it's clean! no food, drinks, smoking, etc. (but u can bring food and drinks on there, just can't consume it) there's 2 levels (i tried to avoid going on the 2nd level cuz i was scared of falling down the very narrow/cramped stairs. they want u to go up in the 'front' stairs, and down in the 'back' stairs.. but my husband made me go to the 2nd level on our 3rd day in vegas lol.. thankfully i didn't fall but i was very hesitant to be on those stairs when the bus was moving! the sign warns u not to do that, but it's kinda unavoidable if u don't wanna miss ur stop) the stops are all pre announced and there's screen signs that update as it goes by each stop. idk if the passes (1 and 3 days were bought by us) were a rip off or if they were a good deal lol, but we thought it was better than the other options.. one particular driver was really funny and friendly. he actually did full time announcing during the whole route like a tour bus guide announcer lol, he must do it on the side or be an aspiring one lol, he made us chuckle a bit :) make sure u look at the bus stop signs to make sure the deuce even goes to that stop! we accidentally went on a side street by accident when we came out of the MGM, so we were at the wrong corner (not on las vegas blvd lol) and turned out we were at a reg bus stop lol. lots of time wasted waiting there for a deuce bus that was never gonna come! smh.. but keep in mind that the deuce is not immune to all the traffic on the strip, lots of waiting the whole ride. but hey, it's AC in there and if u can get a seat, enjoy it lol, but yeah don't depend on it to get u somewhere FAST lol. if ur needing to get somewhere fast on the strip, then just run lol it's 24 hrs and comes frequently, we never waited long for it once we got to the stop. it has many stops on the strip, but some hotels are clustered into 1 stop, rather than individual stops for each hotel, so u may have to do some walking regardless like we did... overall tho, it was undoubtedly MUCH better than walking the whole strip!
4	This is a great way to go down the strip, if you don't have a car with you. It is a little inconvenient though, because theres lots of traffic on the strip, so sometimes it takes even longer to get to your destination, especially if your on a time crunch. Also, theres not much crosswalks, so if you have to catch the duece on the other side, thats more walking, because of the lack of crosswalks. Its worth taking a few times a visit, depending where your going. Also, you just have to experience & see what floats your boat. Really plan out your trip..They have 24 hour passes & also 2 hour passes, good prices. Its a double decker bus. :)
4	This service is $8 for 24 hours or $6 for 2 hours if you only want the pass for one day. Hmm which makes more sense to purchase...?Also it's nice space-wise because it's a double-decker but sadly you can't see out the windows unless you sit in the front because the while bus is covered in ads.I got on and this couple was fighting loudly so bring headphones and an mp3 player. Also other reviewers said it takes a while to get to the main parts of the strip and I can see why; just one stop later, cops apprehended a guy on the bus, 25 new people boarded, and 10 minutes had passed. It's okay for me though because I'm used to public transit like this and I'm tired so I'll sleep off my trip down to the Luxor no problem. :)
1	Cheap if you're there for a few days, but ungodly slow.  Stops every 50 feet or so. Spend the money on a cab and get to.and from where you want to go in a timely manner.
5	2-Hour        $6    24-Hour        $8    3-Day        $20    30-Day        $65Those are THE best rates for any kind of transportation you will find in Vegas.My girlfriend and I walked for the first two days.. everywhere.. and I mean everywhere. A month later my feet are still blistering out. TMI?Yea probably TMI.. but alas, it's the truth.. and then for the last three days we bought a three day pass.. thinking that it would have been only for three business days.. but it is literally a 72 hour pass! Pro tip right there.The buses while perhaps not driven by the most hospitable people in Vegas all the time.. are clean and run every 15 minutes or so. There wasn't a time they weren't packed, so be prepared to stand.Also there are bus pass station at every stop and they are pretty easy to read.. if not a little dirty.The biggest plus of the deuce.. is the fact that it runs from Fremont street to just in front of Mandalay Bay.. it's the only public transport that does. And don't even try to tell me the cabs are a great alternative.. too much money!A great job by Vegas to give a viable travel option.
4	The Deuce is great way to get around Vegas, but like the LV Monorail, it does have a set of positives and negatives.Positives- More stops on the Strip than the Monorail.  There's almost one outside every major resort.-  $20 for 3 days unlimited rides is a great deal if you want to go up and down the Strip (and you probably will).  One quick note is that not all Ticket Dispensers on the Strip offer the 3-day pass.  I can't name the exact locations, but based off my last trip, I know the machines at The Wynn bus stop offer it.  There's also a stop outside the Fashion Show Mall on Spring Mountain Road in front of Macy's that has a locals rate of $5 for a 24 hour pass, which in actuality is the best deal when you break it down.-  It also gives you access to venture to Downtown Vegas, and also travel out to the off-strip areas like Summerlin and Chinatown.  This is probably the best perk, especially if you want to eat at a lot of the popular off-strip restaurants like Bachi Burger, Raku, Lotus of Siam, etc.- Buses are Air Conditioned!!Negatives- Traveling by bus on the Strip during peak hours is slow, I mean "tortoise and the hare" slow.  You actually benefit more by just walking.- Missing a bus means you'll have to wait another 15-20 minutes for the next one to arrive.  Sometimes this has let me option for a taxi or walk over the Monorail since their trains arrive more often.Overall I think the pros still outweigh the cons and whenever I visit Vegas, I always get a 3-day pass immediately when I get there.  Plus it's just nice to ride and take a load off after walking in the hot summer days.
1	is NOT public transportation, it was hot and we were stranded downtown so we took the "public" bus and it was The Deuce, the driver was rude after we asked why it was so expensive for a one time ride back to the strip, "if you don't want it, is your choice" as I said it was hot in the middle of the day and no taxis, we paid 8 dollars each or 40.00 for a ride from downtown to the Mirage, and we never used again a total rip off. be aware, a taxi will cost less if you are with your family, good if you are in a hotel IN the strip (we were not) I couldn't understand why was so expensive if it was public transportation, I was trying to make sense if a worker could afford to pay 6 dollars a day for bus fare, 200 a month is a payment for a car, the purpose of public transportation is to take people out of their cars or is for people who can't afford a car. for 200 a month a car is affordable and more traffic for the strip, this bus is a turist trap
1	We thought we would try the bus  last night because we just got tired of walking. We have a show tonight on the opposite end of the strip so we we decided on a 24 hour pass. Everything would've been great had the bus driver actually stopped when we requested. We pushed the stop button as we were supposed to in plenty of time but the bus driver did not stop until 2 stops later!   People were shouting at him to stop and he refused.  When we questioned him why he did this he ignored us.  The transportation system must earn a lot of extra money if this happens on a regular basis.  We had to cross the street and take another bus back to our stop.   I would rather use a cab next time. At least their drivers that we've experienced are courteous.
4	great value for the 24 hour pass, it was a life saver after walking up and down the strip.  It does take quite awhile to get anywhere due to the over all traffic on the strip at night.  At first the schedule was kind of confusing, but after getting the hang of it, it was really helpful.  There seemed to have a stop at every major hotel.  Driver seemed disillusioned and miserable.
4	I agree with a lot of the other reviewers about The Deuce bus. I had a friend tell me about it...I remember seeing it the last time I visited Vegas. This time I had my three daughters in tow with me. Also, my friend and her daughter. I soon realized that my kids don't like walking in the heat. I also realized that I don't listening to my kids whine about walking in the heat. We ended up at Fashion Show Mall and then asked the information desk about The Deuce. She said that there would be a kiosk next to the bus stop, which there was. You can pay by CC or cash, but the machines don't give change, so make sure you have exact change! We got our passes from the kiosk and waited for the bus. One of the tour guides or employees that works for the transportation of The Deuce and the other bus that goes up and down the strip was waiting to board. She gave us info about the buses and what not. So as others have said, it's $6 for three hours, $8 all day, $20 for 3 days. That's an amazing deal! The only catch is like others have said - it goes slow. You're in traffic on the strip and you literally stop at like every hotel. But for myself and my kids, it was great. We went upstairs, they liked looking out the window at everything going on, on the strip and it was air conditioned. If I would have figured it out before, we would have gotten the three day pass and gone to downtown to Fremont Street to see the light show. Oh well, next time. Bottom line: if you're not in a hurry and don't want to walk, take The Deuce!
4	Great, cheap way to get around on the Strip. When I was there, it wasn't as over crowded as the other reviews said. The only thing that was a problem, was that you could never tell when the next bus is coming.
4	Cheap, effective way to navigate the strip. Saves time, and saves money.Sometimes it takes forever for a bus to show up though... there were times we probably waited 20-30minutes.
3	Ok.. so that bus wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. My boyfriend and I got a bus ticket to take to Fremont because a taxi would've been around $30 each way. There were a lot of tourists on the bus which made me feel a lot safer but coming back to the strip there were a few sketchy people and I will most likely just take a taxi next time so I feel more comfortable. Another thing that made me feel a bit nervous was that they wait for awhile at stops to pack as many people as they can onto The Deuce. This results in many people standing and it gets very congested. There were also many interesting smells and I hope that I will never smell those smells ever again!! Regardless of the potent smells and many people, it isn't THAT bad. They do keep it as clean as they possibly can and every time we were on it the AC was fully blasted.If you have kids with you, I would only recommend taking the bus up and down the strip not all the way to Fremont st. The experience was memorable and I am glad I tried it once!
4	the Deuce is a great way to get around the strip if you don't want to walk or take a taxi.  it had AC and was very clean. the driver was also friendly and let me on even though i was scrambling to find my ticket as we hopped on at the last second. yes, it does get congested, but it's public transportation. yes, it may get "slow", but taxis have to wait too. we didn't stop longer than a few seconds at each stop, and we rode it Express one way, and then the standard stops on the way back. i recommend it, as long as you don't mind public transport. it was fine for us, and helped our feet!
4	"A must"Get a ticket and travel to fremont street. The service is good and value excellent. Save your feet. Avoid the cc machines and buy with cash only or pay on bus
5	When you go to Vegas if you only plan to visit the strip you can totally use this to save money. It runs from the airport all the way to the downtown area. The deuce will run very frequent intervals and I think its 24/7.
4	We were in Las Vegas for a weekend and Fremont Street was on the list, what better way to get there?The Deuce is a handy tourist bus route that runs from the Strip to Downtown LV. It runs every 15 minutes and stops at all the major casinos along the way.Double-decker buses are the usual form of transport providing good views.The cost is $6 for 2 hours, or $8 for 24 hours. We opted for 24 hour pass. The ride takes some time, has plenty of "upcoming stops and attractions" messages.This is a great way to get to points up and down the Strip, if they are too far to walk, give it a try!
4	Probably one of the faster and ways to travel up n down strip during day, getting all the way from Mandalay bay in south to Premium Outlets and Downtown in North. You get a hourly, day or 3-day pass for a very reasonable amount of money. You can jump on and off the bus on whichever station you want, and this is a good way to explore more areas than you normally could walk.This is a more casual way to stroll along the strip and is the only transportation in vegas that is aloud to drop you off right on the strip. If you summarize the time you spend waiting in the taxi stand, and walking back and forth the strip, i bet its pretty much even most cases. Of course when going longer distance taxi will probably be faster, but i dont think its a certain amount of difference. I dont promote always going the Deuce, but its a great complement during day when going shopping and exploring the city more.
