4	I was a big fan of Flancer's Gilbert location when we lived near them, so was excited to find they had opened a second location much closer to our new place.Still one of the best, tastiest sandwiches (and pizza!) around, their new location doesn't feel as "quaint" as their original location, but that might be what they were shooting for.  Service was prompt and friendly.  Always love to see a great local business expand!
5	I lllooovveee Flancers!  They have "real" salads with funky lettuces while still serving sandwiches that leave my husband happy.  My teenage son declared this his new fave restaurant after enjoying the cheesy garlic bread and parmesan chicken.  I am SO happy that that have good kids meals for $5 that DO NOT include french fries but are served with mandarin oranges, carrots & celery.
4	Flancer's is one of the best restaurants near where I currently work in East Mesa.  I kept my expectations low, but the food was so much better!  I had a fried cheese sandwich!  I've never had anything like it, and it was really one heck of a sandwich!  I enjoyed every bite, and I can't wait to go back!  The fries were also delicious, as was my long pickle spear.  I also enjoyed the friendly service in the midst of the Friday lunch rush.  Great job, Flancer's!
5	We love Flancers!!!  I love their filet salad with gorgonzola dressing (yum!) and husband loves their Philly Cheesesteak with fries.  He says it's the best he's had.  Pizza is o.k. but greasy.  Service has always been great.
5	Back again, and everything was even better than the first time.  It seems the trick is to come early for lunch.  Everything's fresh and tasty, and the service is fast and friendly!
3	Yes the food is good I will say that and the servers are overly perkey which could be turned down a notch this is where we had pizza after vitos disaster the pizzas they had on the menu were  fine but i did not want goat cheese and chicken or 3 kind of meats on my pizza so we got the cheese pizza with add your own ingredints the issue i had w/that was every add on was 2$  olives 2$ onion 2$ tomatoes2$  mushrooms 2$ ect ect just seamed like alot for certain ingridents.
4	2 or 3 stars for the pizza, depending on how desperate my cravings are for pizza.BUT I am giving them 4 stars because I called at 8:50 and ordered a pizza. Little did I know they close at 9. The girl taking my order ran back to make sure they didn't shut off the oven just for me and took my order. Isn't that sweet? I thought it was because she definitely didn't have to do that. She could have easily told me the oven was off. but will I go back for pizza? probably not. It reminded me of cheap pizza that you get at play places and it was $20 after tip. rip.
2	I've eaten at the Flancers in Gilbert three times and recently tried this one in Mesa. I'm just not a big fan, the reason I kept going back is because its close to home and because of the rave reviews.  I figured I must be missing something. This last time I asked the server what was the best thing on the menu, she replied about a roast beef sandwich, really it was just OK and the same with my wife's salad, nothing special. Really I much prefer Crackers for sandwiches and Vito's for pizza.
4	Yummy!!!!!!!!! I went back to try the cheesesteak and I am so glad I did, it was 40x better than their pizza. SO GOOD!! I will be back. the bread was so good, the steak, the cheese, the onions, the bell peppers. YUM YUM YUM!!!
4	I can't remember if it was Iain or Joel who told me to order the cheesesteak after my pizza experience... but whoever it was is my hero. I freakin love it. My friend and I went the other night and he loved it too! Flancers has made my round in places to eat that aren't freaking far away from my dang house. I tested out the curb side awhile back when it was raining and I just loved that. I gave my car hop a little bit extra for having to bring it out in the rain.  She brought it out quickly and my food was piping hot. I think I will try the french onion soup next time i go.
2	I was in the mood for pizza and wings this week, so I figured I'd give Flancer's a try. I love supporting local eateries, so I held out hope that they would deliver on the goods. Let's just say that I've had way better. I'll start with the wings. They were just OK. The flavor was decent, but they were not very saucy. One was a bit undercooked, which is basically an instant turn-off. I'm just glad it was the last wing in the order. One bright spot is that they at least give you carrot and celery sticks with some good ranch dressing as part of the order (vs. charging for them as some places do). As for the pizza, they get an 'A' for the crust, but a 'D' on the sauce. Their crust is thin and done just the way I like it (NY style). The sauce, however, was just boring. Too much salt and too much garlic and not enough tomatoes. I kept checking to see if there was actually sauce on the pizza. The sausage on the pizza was fairly blah, too. My 8 year-old daughter summed it up by saying that she thought a frozen pizza would have tasted better. Gotta love kids. I felt the pizza crust was good enough that I may be willing to try a non-red sauce pie next time to see if fares better. I was generally bummed because my craving for good pizza and wings was not satisfied. I see people raving about the sandwiches and the salads, so maybe that is the path I need to go down if I ever go back. The East Valley Foodie
4	I have heard about Flancer's for years... and yet I had never been there until yesterday for lunch.Had the Philly Cheesesteak because our waitress said that it was the most popular item - and I can see why.It was big and it was great.Service was friendly, it didn't take long to get our food once we ordered it and the Cheesesteak was fantastic.Yep, I will be back!
4	Stopped in on a Saturday night about 7:45 and the place had only a couple tables taken so I was a little concerned.I was in the mood for Italian so I had the Spaghetti Parmesana. Very good. Could have used a little bigger serving, but not too bad. French Onion soup was average at best. Small serving too.My wife had The Perfect "Prickly" Pear Chicken sandwich and enjoyed it very much. Fries were good too.Son had pizza. I didn't taste it, but it looked average,Price was resonable and service was very good.
4	By far one of my fav lunch places ever!! Try the Goat to Have It salad. You won't regret it!  The Vibes of Veggie sandwich is also delicious.  They make their bread in house and you can totally tell.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about it!
4	On one of my trips to Arizona, I stopped in right when they opened on a Saturday late morning. We started with the Flancer's Green Chile Mushroom Phyllos. It has a little bit of a kick, but delicious. For lunch I had the half sandwich and salad ... Chile Verde Birdie Turkey with bacon and avocado and green salad. Their bread is baked fresh and ooohhh sooo soft and yummy. The sandwich was very good with the mexican chile mayonnaise. I'd like to think that anything with the mexican chile mayonnaise is yummy.I would definitely visit this place again for a quick eat with friends and family. Service was good and the ambiance was comfortable. Prices were reasonable also. See you soon Flancer's!!
4	Just so you know I am a big big fan of the Gilbert location and since I was on the other side of the freeway the other night, we decided to order a pizza, and yes it was as good as the Gilbert location. I just love that everything is soy free. The only downfall was that they do not carry the passion flavored iced tea, just regular and raspberry. I hope they change it in the future. The location is perfect and maybe because everyone was home watching the games, the place was empty. What is wrong with those Mesa people, don't they know when they have a great thing????
5	Three words describe this place... YUM YUM YUM!!!  When this place first opened on the corner near my house, I did not know if I wanted to try it or not.  But am I glad I did!Try the Chili Verde Birdie Turkey sandwich.  Fresh moist roasted turkey, on a baguette, green chili mayo, provolone and lettuce and tomato.  Really good!  Another sandwich I like is the Hoagie and Bacall Italian sandwich.  Also served on a fresh baguette, it has 3 different types of meat, banana peppers, cheese and lettuce, tomato and onions.  Very good!  Have to have these with their french fries.  They have to be the best I have ever tasted!The inside of the place is small, but oh so comfortable.  They use posters from rock concerts of the mid to late 1960's as decor.  Nice.  Everyone that works there is super friendly.  Prices are pretty good too for the amount of food you get.One of my favorite places to eat!
4	This is the newer version of Flancer's located in Gilbert.   Same great food.If you are in the area of McKellips and Highley please stop by.  I believe you will enjoy the experience.     Their philly steak sandwich is the best.
4	Great food. Just visiting from Seattle and the "prickly chicken" has me ready for the whole AZ experience.
1	My friends and I recently visited Flancer's on our lunch hour.  We call in our order ahead as we have a very short time period to eat and the service there is consistently slow.  In the past, Flancer's had been very accomodating to us by having our order ready and IF there was a table available, we were able to sit down.  On our most recent visit, the staff was not so accomodating.  The restaurant was 30 percent full and there were 15 open tables, yet the manager on duty refused to let us sit at a table.  After sending several e-mails to the owner of Flancer's (Jeff Flancer), the best he had to offer was a "that's our policy" line.  We will be taking our business elsewhere.
4	Flancer's is just down the street from my house, so we've been a few times.  Even with the massive signs they hang out front and the creepy balloon guy (you know, the kind that 'dances' around as the air passes through it?), Flancer's is easy to miss.  It was there a few months before we even noticed it enough to stop by.  If you miss it, though, it's a loss!  We consistantly try different items and we've yet to be disappointed.On our most recent visit, we decided to give the salads a go.  Let me interject, really quick, that if it's your first visit, I would really recommend you try their sandwiches.  They've got a variety of awesome sandwiches (love me some prickly pear chicken!) on their own fresh-baked bread and the sweet potato fries make an excellent side.  That said, we'd done the sandwich thing and we wanted to see if their salads matched up.Short story long, they did!  The only complaint was that the prices were perhaps a bit high for what you got compared to some other places, but the food was still delicious.  I had the Crispy Parmesean Chicken Salad.  I ordered the small ($6) and it was just the right amount of food.  Any more than that and I would have had leftovers.  The chicken had a great texture.  I'm always wary of anything labelled 'crispy' because you run the risk of massive amounts of breading that completely overwhelm any chicken beneath.  Not so, here.  I had it with the gorgonzola dressing.  A moment to rave about the dressing- it was rich, flavorful and had massive chunks of gorgonzola cheese heavy within.  That said, I probably wouldn't order this salad with the gorgonzola again.  Save the gorgonzola for a simple garden salad; anything else and it overwhelms the rest of the salad. My friend had the Awesome Balsam Salad.  She chose the large ($9) and it was pretty massive!  It was served with balsamic marinated chicken, which had a great flavor that implied it had been marinating for a decent amount of time and wasn't  just cooked in the stuff, roasted red peppers and mushrooms.  My friend loved the mushrooms!  She was wise and ordered it with the balsamic dressing which was a very nice compliment to the rest of the salad.We love the music they play at Flancer's.  Possibly my favorite part, because I'm a big fan of classic rock.  The service, unfortunately, can be hit or miss there, but this time was just fine.  I would say that, overall, we had a typical experience for Flancer's, which is saying a lot because they set a high standard.
4	Flancer's is a great place to grab a sandwich for lunch.  Their BLT is the best around, seriously it is yummy, nice homemade bread, green chili mayo, crispy bacon!  Yummy.They would be 4 stars but their service can me a bit slow, which isn't horrible unless you are in a hurry at lunch time (which we usually are) and their prices are a bit high for a quick lunch.  I wish they offered half sandwiches or some $6 lunch specials.  That would rock!
4	My friend Robyn N. had a Groupon for Flancer's so we met up for lunch.  I had been to the Gilbert location so I wanted to see how this location was in comparison.  I think I like the set up of this location.  It seems more open than the Gilbert site.  And ever since I had the cheese steak I have been dreaming about it.  I'm not sure I would have the pizza here as it looks just average.  The sandwiches are really the highlight here.  The cheese steak can be ordered several different ways.  You can add mushrooms, bell peppers, or green chilis.  I had mine with green chili this time around and it gave it a nice little zing.  The meat is so tender and the bread is nice and fresh.  I have sweet potato fries and they were cooked perfectly.  We had service with a smile too.  I will be back for another cheese steak soon!!
4	Ordered another pizza for take-out!  The pizza is just fabulous.  And just love the fact that they are soy free.  Makes life so easy to just order and eat:)  No worries with an allergic reaction.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  It seems that in the evenings this place is very quiet, but I am sure the lunchtime crowd is huge with its location close to Falcon Field, Boeing, and Apache Helicopter.  Great place!
2	a little pricey for a sandwich shop, very loud and non-atmospheric, I don't see the appeal of waiting to cram myself in a small box for overpriced sandwiches...and some very odd ones at that.  I love unique, but this is too unique for me.
3	I have loved this place since it opened. Tasty, not too pricey and unique food. However on my most recent visit I have to admit that the sandwich I ordered appeared to be much smaller than it had been in the past. I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak, but really the same thing from Subway gives you ore meat at half the price. Hopefully this was just type of fluke and I will give them a second chance, but if not I really don't think I will spend the money when I can get a better value at Subway.
4	Really great fondue appetizer. Nice atmosphere. I like having a non chain, sit down casual restaurant in the ne valley
4	This is a great, casual local restaurant.  The sandwiches and pizza are unique and tasty!  Homemade bread and sauces make this place stand out.  A couple of my favorites--the Chile Verde Birdie sandwich (REAL turkey breast, not sliced deli junk!) or the Goat to Get You Into My Life pizza (the most AMAZING homemade pesto and goat cheese... mmmm!).The owner is a professionally trained and experienced chef, who you'll likely meet if you participate in one of their many charitable events.  He sat down and chatted with us at one of his beer pairing events, this one held to raise money for a local child's heart transplant.We love the laid back, non-stuffy atmosphere.  This will remain one of our regular weekend eateries.
5	One of my favorite local spots. Prickly Pear Chicken Caesar Salad is worth the journey.
4	Been here a few time normally get the "Chile Verde Birdie Turkey" and it's always good this time I tried the "Philly Cheese Steak" with The Works. I enjoyed it at first I second guessed my order thinking most likely it wasn't good be that good but I was impressed it's wasn't like a Original Philly Cheese Steak the bread was different the meat also but it had great flavor. I also tried the "Goat Cheese Bruschetta" and that was amazing
3	3 1/2 Stars...first time here! Atmosphere is lacking but if you want a good sandwich this is the place in Mesa. Really good Turkey sandwich...REAL turkey breast...not deli thin sliced turkey. Wonderful green chili mayo on homemade bread. Yum!! Sweet potato fries really good. Strawberry/peach cobbler w/ice cream was really tasty...not too sweet. Ordered the spiked fresh squeezed lemonade w/prickly pear syrup and vodka. Unfortunately, they really skimped on the vodka!Will definitely return but will ask that they actually put some vodka in the lemonade.
4	Great way to kick off a spa day with a girlfriend. Things to brag about: homemade bread, fast service, unique flavors for sandwiches ( I got the prickly pear chicken), easy and comfortable atmosphere, to the point staff. Will try their homemade fruit cobbler next time.
5	I enjoed the Gilbert Rd location and this 1 did not disappoint. Homemade bread and wraps cover fresh sandwiches.Try the mushroom phyllo appetizer. Sandwiches burgers and pizza but higher quality. Excellent healthy choices including a GREAT veggie wrap. Service very friendly
5	Literally the best sandwich's ever. Plus they offer gluten free bread, that is very good. Not like many gluten free breads I have tried. If you don't have a gluten allergy, their bread (baked in house) is beyond great. Their specalty salads are unique and combine flavors that compliment each other.
5	I heard about Flancer's through a foodie blog on what foods to eat in each state.  They featured the prickly pear cactus for Arizona and suggested Flancer's for their prickly pear chicken sandwich.  My husband and I decided to stop by on our way to New Mexico and we were very happy that we did!  Upon entering the restaurant, we were cheerfully welcomed by the manager and promptly seated.  The place began getting packed as it was lunch time.  I ordered the (prickly pear chicken) sandwich and salad lunch combo, as I was worried I wouldn't like the sandwich (never had prickly pear before). I ended up wishing I ordered the full order of the sandwich! It was unbelievably delicious! The bread was amazing.  My tastebuds were going crazy and wanted more!  My husband ordered the buffalo wings, and even though he said they were really good, upon taking a bite of my sandwich, he said he wished he ordered it instead.  I know we will make it a point to come to Flancer's whenever we are in the Phoenix/Mesa area.
5	I love Flancer's. Staff is friendly, really good food at fair prices. My favorite is the Chilli Verdi Birdie add bacon and avocado. Lots of great salads with quality leafy greens.  Pizza is good too.  Food is always very fresh and flavorful.  Can't go wrong here.  My preferred restaurant in NE Mesa.
3	This place has decent food, cute atmosphere, but the service is problematic. I was stuck in Mesa for training and had lunch there on Halloween. My pal and I ordered lunch and about 20 minutes later it arrived, minus the condiments we ordered earlier. Sadly our server was no where to be found, and then when she finally checked on us, I asked again for ranch, and she said sure- like it was the first time she heard the request. Another ten minutes passed and finally she remembers the ranch and brings it by. At this point the fries were cold, so it was kinda pointless. I understand this is merely WPP, but most other places can figure it out, so maybe this spot can up their game.
4	Very nice, clean, and try the Philly sandwich with the works and mayo jalapeno sauce
4	First found out about Flancer's through a neighbor who said they had the "best calzones" and she was right. I later became a frequent guest and found that they make their bread in house for the sandwiches. I love all of the food on the prickly pear menu - the wings, the salad and the chicken sandwich.
3	The food is worth a 4/5 star most def.The server we had at the Mesa location was not super friendly unfortunately but tenfold was great.The tres leches and cobbler are amazing desserts
3	First visit.  Service very slow and so nonchalant.  Restaurant was cold.  My feet and lower legs were freezing.  The beer on the other hand was just cool, not an icey  cold.  Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich was good as was the hamburger my spouse had. The fries were good but they were just cool too.  Noticed an older couple seated after us waited over 10 minutes for a cup of hot water and tea bag.
3	First time here.  There were 3 in our party and we had penne w/marinara and meat sauce,  cheese steak sandwich, and cheese fondue with shrimp.  The only somewhat negative comment was the cheese steak sandwich had too many onions and not enough cheese.  The penne was great and the dip was amazing.  We will defiantly be back.
3	Ok! Stopped by because of yelp's reviews and close by.  It was packed at lunchtime and they only had one table left when I walked in.  I took it. Fast service & very polite & helpful.  Lunch came in a very timely manner and presentation was great.  I had a Guac and Roc burger as did my friend & they were great! Yummy! stop by...
4	We were on vacation in the area for 8 days and ate here TWICE!  Why?  The Prickly Pear Cactus Chicken Caesar Salad!  It is delicious. There is a sweet sauce on the chicken (from the Prickly Pear fruit) and it is just so good!  My husband had a Salmon Sandwich and loved it too.
5	Great local find as we visited Flancer's for the first time this evening.  We had seen this restaurant on the local PBS affiliate's "Check Please" program earlier this year and we were impressed by the accolade's that the show's guests gave this locally owned eatery.  Flancer's lived up to its billing tonight!  Their menu has something for everyone from appetizers to daily specials to Happy Hour specials to sandwiches to pastas to desserts.  I had the Philly Beef Steak sandwich and it was the best one I have eaten this side of Philadelphia!  My friend had the Filet Mignon sandwich and he sang its praises!  We had the mild, boneless Buffalo chicken wings for an appetizer and they were delicious, too.EXCELLENT service from Lisa.  General Manager Greg Ringel greeted us at the door and was very welcoming to these two Flancer's newcomers.  I will soon be a regular as there were many things on their menu now that I am eager to go back and to try!Visit their website at www.flancers.com.
3	Good but not that good for the price.
4	Love this place for lunch!  Love it even more when they have a Groupon!  Woot.  They have a great selection and are located close to work so it makes it easy to stop in for a quick bite when my husband has a day off from work and can meet me.  I had the prickly pear chicken sandwich with a side of the green chile mac n cheese.  The hubby had the blue cheese bacon burger with the mac n cheese as well.  Both meals were deliciuos, reasonable priced and served quickly.  I also really enjoy the spinach go round salad that they have too.  If you are in the area, check it out!
5	Great service, atmosphere, and food! Loved the gluten free options! Awesome experience!
1	Very soggy pizza, my sub same very soggy. They need to cook their bread products more. Boneless wings taste like the came from a TV dinner and out of a microwave. Service was slow, drinks were empty before an offer for refill.Not coming back.
3	Cute place.  Good service.  Clean. two sandwiches ordered.  Braise the lord which was supposed to be roast with a horseradish sauce and coleslaw.  Sounds good but was a horrible mess of stuff.  Wet warm sloppy cabbage on meat that was too seasoned.  Something green and mushy on the bread that looked like parsley??  Seriously the WORST sandwich I have ever tried to eat.  The other sandwich was a chicken sandwich with lettuce and tomato.  Decent.  Slim on meat -- less than 3 ounces of meat for sure.  Sides, macaroni and cheese was good.  The other side, Jalepeno mashed was just ok.  I wouldn't order it again.  I did not try the pizza -- next time I will.  The sandwich (beef) was so terrible I should lower my stars but to be fair, the food coming out of the kitchen looked really good and the place was very busy so I think I just got a bum plate.  It was clean and like I said, the service was good so I will try them again.
4	The service here has been great! The menu is both original and distinct. Meals are a bit more than you would pay other places, but Flancer's uses quality ingredients that you can taste. Totally worth it. We were greeted by the manager Eric who was in the kitchen helping the wait staff, and had ideas to help make our meal that much better. Love this place.
1	Our worst meal experience ever.  The waitress couldn't get our order right to save her life, our drink order!  We ordered two lemonades, she drops off two ice waters, so we assume the lemonade is coming.  She comes back by a few times so we finally ask if they're coming, oh you wanted Lemonade?  How many?  I say two and hold up two fingers.  She comes back with one.  Okay fine, we'll share.  The appetizer wasn't very good or hot.  Then our food came, the buffalo chicken sandwich tasted good.  Then I take a bite of my mashed potatoes and they were ice cold in the center, like they had thawed out a frozen mound of potatoes.  We had to get up and leave, enough was enough!
4	I hate to be a creature of habit but Flancer's Prickly Pear Chicken is hard to move away from. I've had it on a salad and I've had it on a sandwich and if those are the only two things I ever get from Flancer's then so be it.Caesar salad is my baseline judgement for a restaurant and Flancer's has a good one with nice crisp romaine, homemade croutons and just  enough dressing to make you forget that it's a salad. Without the chicken I wouldn't say it's a unique or game changing salad (I mean, what salads are anyway?), but it's consistently good and consistency is great. That chicken though.....THAT CHICKEN. It's tender and dare I say it, moist (ugh! I know I hate that word too), and it has this prickly pear marinade that just permeates it and gives it this...flavor!I've had it on the sandwich too which comes loaded with lettuce, tomato, provolone and their famed green chile mayo (which they also sell) on this wonderful bread that I think is made in house. It's all just so very fresh and always filling.The service is nice-most of the wait staff is pretty young, so fun and energetic. Also, you can call in take out orders which I love for nights in which cooking  a meal just isn't in the cards for me.Flancer's is a solid spot with a chicken to remember. But seriously, prickly pear it up.
4	Great food, nice selection on the menu. Perfect for people who have dietary restrictions such as gluten, vegetarian, vegan and yet still has great selection for those that eat everything. Service was very good.Only reason it doesn't get 5-stars is the extreme lack of parking. Then to top it off, some dip-sh@! double parked an old beaten up Mercedes. Had to wait for someone to leave before we could park.
5	I have been here numerous times and have never been disappointed. The "Chile Verde Birdie" is my favorite sandwich. There is a very wide variety of items on the menu to suit any taste.The service is always very good, polite and welcoming. They always have great music playing! Today was a very jazzy selection of Christmas songs!You cannot go wrong here!
4	Went to flancer's tonight using the coupon from the entertainment book.  We had a party of three, a bit crowded during happy hour with lots of regulars.  We skipped the appetizers and went straight for the entrees.  The lentil bean soup was very tasty as was the veggie vibe sandwich with cole slaw.  I opted for the Veg Out pizza which was a white pizza with roasted tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, pesto sauce and mozzarella ant goat cheese.  It was awesome on fresh home made pizza dough.  It was better than the pizza places in town.  For the three entrees with two drinks including the $8.00 off coupon without tip the late lunch came just under $35.00 before tip.  Lisa the wait staff was amazing.  Good place to go for some home made bread and good quality food.
1	I was so disappointed tonight.  I have been going to Flancers with my family for so long, almost once a week.  I remember when my son was young and we would come in to see if he won the coloring contest, but tonight... well I don't think I will be back.  We got there about 5:30pm on a Friday night, and it was a little busier than normal.. I am guessing because the winter visitors are back.  We sat down right away at a table rather than a booth because all of the booths were full.  It took awhile for our waitress to come to the table and when she did.. she told us "I had to go in the back to wash some appetizer dishes because we ran out" ... no big deal, it happens.. and she came back to take our order.. but our table was right by the front door and more and more people came in, each one opening the door and it was drafty.. so I asked the hostess.. if there was anyway we could move to a booth since when one was available.. she first said.. "which one?" and I said.. well the first one.. she said, she already had people waiting.. sure I understand.. but we did get there, before those that were waiting and if they wanted a table, they could have ours... and we had not even ordered, we could have gotten up and left, but I thought she was going to do something about it.. or at least acknowledge my request and say no.. but instead.. I saw her talking to the waitress, who pointed over to us.. pointed at the booth and as she came by the table I said.. "never mind, we don't want to cause a fuss"  And.. she said, rather rudely.. "I don't know what you are talking about!.. what do you mean never mind?"  not friendly, not making any sense.. if she didn't know what was going on, why did she have that reaction, it felt like she got caught telling the hostess to forget about ... So.. others came and sat in the booths.. and we got our food.. but we didn't' see our server much after that.. I asked her to refill my son's lemonade.. she grabbed it and eventually brought it back.Later, she seemed like nothing happened.. back to the faux friendliness.. which now made me feel worse.. I started to realize that after all these times that we had visited this place.. almost a little family tradition.. I did not want to come back.  It took forever for our ice tea to ever get refilled.. the manager came by and cleared the plates and didn't ask.. "how was everything.?"  because I am sure he knew by then that we were upset.. but that it didn't really matter to him.. hey, they were busy.  I am sure that they will remain busy... the winter visitors will keep them busy for now.. but this customer that used to come every week with his family won't be back.  The food is ok.. but it's not the only place around.I realized tonight that the people there, are different, or should I say indifferent to how the customer feels.. that isn't the same manager that used to be here and truly seemed to care how we enjoyed our meal.. these are not the same servers that had been there in the past that had a smile on their face when they greeted you.  This has become your average cafe.. and if you are a frequent visitor like we were.. I challenge you to look around.. are you going here because you always have?  isn't it different now?To be honest it's a little sad.. this used to be a little family tradition.. when we didn't know what we wanted for dinner.. we would always say.. well let's just go to Flancers,but that's done.Goodbye Flancers
5	They have great food options!  Their bread is phenomenal, but I love their salads most of all.  And their gluten free pizza crust is the best I have ever had!  it tastes better then regular crusts at most places.  We have gone there regularly for the past year & have never had bad food or service!  Flancer's rocks!
5	Out for a quick lunch and decided to try Flancers. Yummy yummy yummy!  We were met with a genuine smile at the door an escorted to a comfortable booth.  The restaurant has a rock n roll theme without being over the top. Music was at a comfortable level.  Started with green chili mushroom phyllos. It was do good that we didn't get a picture. My husband ordered the "Beat It Just Beat It". Spinach carrots glazed salmon arugula goat cheese roasted red peppers beets and slivered almonds. His verdict "one of the best salads he's had in the area with out a doubt!"  I had the Chili Verde Bird with a side of green chili MAC n cheese. Stupendous. The sandwich was turkey cooked in the restaurant sliced right off the bird. Very moist  it came with green chili mayo. As someone from New Mexico I'm picky about my green chili and Flancers does it right. The bread complemented the sandwich perfectly and it's made fresh at the restaurant. The host Eric and our waitress, Ashley  , checked on us throughout the meal keeping our plates cleared and glasses filled. They also convinced us to get the fresh baked 1/2 chocolate chip cookie w vanilla bean ice cream. Heaven. Draft beers:  Kilt Lifter, bud light, Dales Pale Ale, and Great White. And they donate $1.50 from the sale of each piece of peanut butter pretzel pie to "No Child Hungry". Every year they have a contest for the best recipe dessert. The winner chooses a charity to donate to for the year. Also an extensive gluten free and light menu. A
4	Went here once with my family.  My brother already went once before and recommended it.First off, they played some cool music in there (classic rock mostly) and the posters are pretty sweet.Anyways, it was real busy (Friday night) and took a little while to get seated.  When we got seated, the staff seemed nice and we got served pretty quick despite being real busy.There menu is very interesting including some music puns in the titles of some of the foods.  I was thinking of trying the spicy chicken pasta, but for $12 I didnt want to be ripped off if it was a small amount, so I decided to try the "Bacon Bell Bottom Blues" burger with my simple mind getting fries with it.The burger itself wasn't disappointing, but the fries could of been better and maybe gave more of an amount too.Anyways, about that pasta, the people next to us got it, and I thought to myself "Dang, maybe I should of got the pasta"  If I decide to go again, I'll try that.Overall not a very bad place, can get pricy though (Almost $50 for us three)
5	This is the best sandwich shop I've been to in a long long time. Definitely worth the trip and for sure good eats.
4	All of their bread is freshly baked and you even get a free loaf if you check in on Four Square! I love the variety of food and I'm a sucker for their spicy potato mash. I've never been for happy hour but they seem to have great beers on tap from the posters all around.
5	Yes! FINALLY a great Mesa restaurant with lots of Gluten-Free options! Not only was the Gluten-Free pizza delicious, but all the food there is fresh, made in house. AND - they've even got a healthy lifestyle menu that shows all the nutrition facts (i.e. calories, protein, carbs, etc), which makes it really easy if you're watching your weight. So glad I found this place, especially since I have a gluten and dairy allergy (I had goat cheese on my pizza in place of the usual mozzarella...YUM!) because it can be really difficult finding restaurants that can accommodate my needs. Thanks Flancers :) I definitely will be back!
5	Fantastic sandwich and casual dining place.   You know you've arrived somewhere special when the walls are lined with vintage psychedelic poster art from some of the biggest bands. That sets the tone for the menu:  great taste from a unique blend of flavors that come together in just the right way. I highly recommend the wings with a 1/2 Prickly Pear sandwich with a specialty salad.
5	We love the prickly pear sandwich! Kids love the kids menu. Only thing we have tried and didn't like was the Buffalo sauce on the wings and sandwich. Everything else is awesome!
5	We have been coming to Flancer's several times a month for years. We have always found the staff to be attentive and friendly.  The food always hits the spot! Real tasty comfort food. We take all our out of town visitors here and will continue to. You must have the goat cheese bruschetta, but really you can't go wrong.
5	The bread alone is reason to come here over and over- homemade and fresh.But the flavors of everything are so unique and delicious, it sets Flancer's apart from any other Restuarant.Service is attentive and quick - prices are perfectGet Here!
5	Pure awesomeness! It is very rare that my whole family is happy with our dining experience. I'm gluten free, my husband is picky and I have two little girls under the age of six. Well Flancer's has something for all of us. Delicious gluten free bread to complete a sandwich for me. My husband couldn't get enough of his meal. And my two girls loved their meals too. And they got ice cream afterwards! The staff was great especially Eric the manager. He was so personable. He was super helpful too. This is an A++++++ in my families book. We will be back for sure!!!!
5	Yum! Lots of choices, and a wonderful gluten free menu. =) We love their adult mac-n-cheese, and our daughter loves their kid friendly one.  When we visit family out in the area, it's a must visit for us.
5	Great Food! They pretty much just do sandwiches and thats totally fine because they rock at it. They have the best bread which makes everything that much better. Good service, good crowd, and the price is great too. They make a southwest philly cheese steak w/ green chili added on top for extra that will make you smile with joy. Seriously.....
4	Food was ok, but burger was SUPER greasy. Dessert (chocolate peanut butter pretzel pie) was delicious.
2	Over priced. You pay too much for what you recieve. I ordered the Italian sandwich and it was wayyy too salty. My boyfriend had a turkey sandwich and that wasn't bad but we've had better. We ordered a mozzarella appetizer and you barely get too triangle for 5 bucks! Plus half the cheese melted away in the deep fryer any ways. We won't be returning. If your looking for an awesome sandwich try Ike's in mesa!
5	Love, love, love this place.  If you want a great local lunch spot, this is it.  I have never had a bad meal here, and I've tried at least half the items on their very diverse menu!  My favorite is of course the prickly pear chicken sandwich.  But their pizzas are great too, and their pastas, and the green chili mushroom phyllos...  It definitely gets busy during the lunch hour, and finding a parking spot can get tricky, but even when they're busy I've never had to wait too long for a table.  Staff is super friendly and on the ball, and it seems like the owner (or manager? I'm not sure) is always there making sure things run smoothly and helping out when needed.  On holidays, they offer pre-prepared multi-course meals that you can take home.  My husband and I did this for Valentine's day.  The meals come with simple instructions for putting the finishing touches at home so the food will be fresh and ready.  It was quite easy to do and the meal turned out perfectly, with none of the time and mess associated with cooking an elaborate meal.
4	Went looking for a Philly cheese-steak. Walked away with so much more! The philly was truly delicious.  They hyped up the bread a lot and it lived up to it.  The philly had a great balance of cheese/meat/veggie goodness. I like cheesy steaks and usually find myself needing to get extra cheese, but not here. Though I might away, just for giggles. Since the order was to go, they recommended the green chili mac and cheese because "it travels better." First off, kudos to them for being THAT attentive. Secondly, I'd recommend the mac and cheese no matter where you eat it.   I also had the wings (just had to). I went for a medium buffalo and took the suggestion of adding the prickly pear sauce to them - DO THIS! The flavors mixed incredibly well, and the heat was just right. This is a place to return to again, and again.
5	Flancer's is one of the best places for sandwiches in the valley!Although everything is always excellent, I have a hard time ordering something other than the prickly pear chicken sandwich. My mouth waters at the thought of its sweet chicken goodness, smothered with a perfect amount of green chile mayonnaise, all on a freshly baked baguette. Delicious!Other menu items are almost as good. The Chile Birdie Verde and We Must Meat, I Ain't Lion and are also favorites. As far as sides go, definitely get the Jalapeno & Cheddar Mashed Potato Pie. It can be a bit on the spicy side, but it's fantastic. Flancer's also hosts beer dinners fairly regularly. The chef really takes the menu to a higher level during these evenings. Additionally, on holidays they have pre-prepared meals you can pick up for a special evening. We did this last Valentine's Day and really enjoyed the experience. It was a bit more hands-on than I expected, but everything was amazing!
4	Yum! Love their chicken philly sandwich and the goat cheese appetizer. The green chile mac and cheese is the bomb!Fun atmosphere - love the music and decor. Sometimes the service is a bit less attentive then it should be - not bad, but it could use a bit more finesse.
3	Honestly I wanted to love this place but I just couldn't...my boyfriend and I went here a week ago for a late lunch/early dinner, the service was fantastic. The guy with the glasses that served us was super attentive and sweet, made sure we were takin care of. I ordered a BLT sandwich and some fries and my boyfriend ordered a burger and a salad. He said he really liked his meal even though his burger looked a little strange to him. His salad was delicious, I ate more of it than he did. My BLT was kind of gross, chewy, nasty bacon and the bread hurt my mouth. The fries were good, ate them all. Maybe I just need to try something different next time I go here. A lot of people seem to love this place and I want to make sure I try it again. Oh and the beer on tap was kind of expensive.
5	Yum, yum, yum! This place has delicious food- I've never been disappointed with a meal. My personal favorite is the prickly pear chicken sandwich with green chile mac-n-cheese. A great place to grab a bite, I highly recommend.
5	The Prickly Pear Chicken Sandwich is one of my favorite sandwiches of all time!
3	Food took forever, and was cold when it arrived, although it still tasted pretty good. After waiting that long, I expected it to be at least hot. French onion soup is hard to heat. The waitress kept saying they were short staffed and she was sorry. The air kept coming on and she said they couldn't do anything about that. Last time service was great, good was awesome.
5	At first, going to Flancer's was the kids' choice. Now the adults even suggest this restaurant for dinner. There are two Flancer's, one on Higley and one on Gilbert. We have been to both, but we frequent the one on Higley. Its always busy yet you never have to wait too long for a table. The booths are huge and can accommodate your parties easily.      The atmosphere is very laid back and there's always good tunes flowing. The old concert posters on the wall are a nice touch.     If you have never tried anything prickly pear before, you've got to have the chicken. The perfect prickly pear chicken salad or sandwich is a sure bet. They also have homemade lemonade that is amazing. All the sandwiches appetizers and desserts are fantastic here. You really need more than one visit to be able to try other things, such as the "We must meat, I ain't lion" , "Steak it to the limit" or the "Let it B.L.T.". The green Chile mayo is a must, as is the goat cheese bruschetta appetizer.     The service is always great. After a million years of coming here, we've never had a bad experience.  I will say that we ordered their Thanksgiving meal to go package one year and were underwhelmed. But that's not the everyday stuff, so we don't hold it against them! We will come here forever.
4	Found out about them from Check Please! Arizona on PBS 8 and tried them out with a friend.  Best Philly Cheesesteak I've had in a long time.  Place is very casual and has a diner feel to it.  Food is classic American and the service is attentive.  Prices are reasonable too.
4	I was looking for a great place to eat and i found it. Eddie my server was on top of our order from the start. The pizza was outstanding. as well as the service. I will be here again and prefer my friends to enjoy a  true enjoyable meal.
4	One of my favorite lunch spots in the valley. Usually go to the one on Gilbert Rd, but happen to be working in Mesa so I stopped in. My go to sandwich is It's About Thyme...love the chicken with balsamic and mushrooms! Another fav is the Chile Verde Birdie...with extra green chili please. They always have daily specials available and lighter food options available. They bake their own bread which is what takes there sandwiches to the next level! The pizza is equally good!  Love this place and wish I lived closer!
