5	Amazing new place. Awesome food, not your typical sonoran fare we mostly get here in phoenix.
2	I so wanted to l ike this place, a lot of money and time went into transforming the former Satisfied Frog.  First of all, $6.25 for a small glass of mediocre wine is way to expensive for this neighborhood, when I get get a significantly better and larger glass or wine at just about every ohter local establishment.  I know they are trying to be authentic Sonoran food, but the packaged tortilla chips served with the salsa is hard to overlook.  Not a great first impression, but I hope they make it--very nice staff.  I think they just need to get their prices a bit more in line with what the neighborhood offers.
5	if you're craving Mexican food, then you've struck gold!! Lenero is the place to go! always a great time and by far the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had! i give it a 10 out of 10, not to mention the very friendly staff!
5	I got take out from here one night for me and my wife. The food was awesome so I just wanted to give these new guys some love on Yelp. We got the cheese appetizer, if you're like my wife and loves anything cheese you'll go nuts over this.I also wanted to add that the decor is nice. I know this means things to many people...personally I would eat out of a dumpster if the food was awesome, but that's me.
3	How did I leave Lenero Mexican Grill? Fat, happy and aggravated as hell. I know, it makes no sense. Stay with me and I'll try my best to explain. The place smells like the wonder that is smoked meat products. Said smoked meat was beyond delicious. Husband and I shared the full rack of ribs for $22. It was huge. Like it's Tuesday and we had this on Sunday and are still eating it huge. A half rack is fine for a couple. They dry rub it, grill it and smoke it. The salsa is fresh made every day and kept warm. Nice. Beware though. If you don't like it spicy, you're SOL. That stuff will make you sweat. May have been the batch but holy hell. I still loved it! The corn tortilla chips were not the best. Generic and I'm struggling to find more words here. Not like me!Margarita was nice and strong. I'd like to go back and have 8 more and make my husband drive me home. Why the frustration? The service is just so lacking. This is clearly a mom and pop operation and I love it for that. But, mom and pop need a new family member to serve tables. She was sweet. I'll give her that. But, she had no idea the difference in margaritas to tell me why one cost more. She came back and asked if I wanted salt. Like Milton at the end of Office Space I asked for my margarita with no salt. "No salt." That was one salty margarita. Our food sat on the counter for five minutes, our guacamole came once we were about finished, and paying our bill took almost as long as it did to eat our meal. We even had a coupon we bought online and she said she thought we had to print it out, even though you could clearly scan it from the phone. We asked her to check and never heard a peep back. I had given up. We'll be back. Well, we have to because I have $30 to spend there. But, I'll do myself a favor and sit at the bar. And drink 8 margaritas. With no salt.
5	Amazing food, amazing service the owner bought us a round and came over and had a drink with us.  Come check this place out!
2	We really wanted to love it here.  We loved the Satisfied Frog and were sad to see it go.  When we heard this was a local guy, we especially wanted to love it.  The cheese appetizer, the salsa (yum!) and the hamburgers are all pretty good.  The rest, not so much.  We invited some friends to join us for lunch and burgers and ribs.  The ribs were stuck to the bone, chewy and just not very flavorful.  Another friend had lamb and said it was OK.  The beef/veggie wrap was not bad.  The staff is very young, but they're enthusiastic and want to please.  I don't mind the misspelling on the menu - it makes it more "home-grown" somehow.  The owner came out both times we visited to talk to us about the dishes.  We just didn't have the heart to tell him they really weren't great.
5	I don't know how anyone gives this place less than 5 stars, the food is the best we have had at a restaurant in a long time, it's authentic, homemade, and yes it is a mom and pop shop...which makes this place even more inviting, the owner came around to speak to every table. Would absolutely come back here, and only here for Mexican food again.
5	oh the chips are supposedly store bought?? let me change me review to a 1....NOT. Best mexican food I have had in my life, swear. Been their 2 times (both in the past month) 1st time had the lamb , next the white fish. No reasons to describe the taste, I wont do it justice. It was just that good. went with friends both times, not a single one was left completely in awe. Really quality margaritas too..and for cheap! cant argue with the prices. Really cool atmosphere, felt very comfortable. Owner came and said "hi" our first time there and it wasnt in a corny Applebees type way. If you wanna complain about chips (which only ruin your appetite anyway) and the "slow" service please by all means, dont come back...more tequila and fish me and my friends!!!
5	Went last nite!  The fish in foil was the best. So much flavor and cooked perfect!  Will be back to try other dishes. Also great idea that they offer half size portions!
5	I went here after driving by on Bell Road since it is less than a mile down the road from my place of business. Since there isn't a Chipotle close enough to grab lunch, this mexican grill seemed like a great alternative. When I walked in I soon realized it was nothing like Chipotle, and was a sit down restaurant with chips and salsa and all that jazz. I was feeling fancy so I decided to stay even though I was the only one there at what was approximately lunch time (I think it was around 1PM).The chips, as most reviewers have echoed, left a lot to be desired - I was expecting fresh out of the oil goodness. The salsa was one of the best I've had, pretty spicy, and I know spicy! I really couldn't stop eating the salsa to be honest, luckily the waitress constantly refilled my small water glass.I ordered a steak torta - can't remember the exact name but it was a house specialty of some kind. It came with country red potatoes which were DIVINE and the steak was SO TASTY. I took my time eating because I didn't want to waste any of it but it was a ton of meat. Overall, great meal, really flavorful and authentic - just a little pricy. I think my plate was around 10 bucks or so, I just remember leaving 15.
5	Been coming here since it opened, has had a few bumps in the road getting going, but the apple smoked meats and the fresh hot salsa keeps me coming back 2 times a week. i love the Angus Burger with guacamole and bacon! the Barbacoa is also yummy. they are getting organized and things are starting to pick up. definitely one of my top lunch spots in north phx.
5	Lenero Grill is awesome! Their food is not your typical Mexican food as we know it.It is better! The food is from Northern region of Mexico.be sure to try the grilled shrimp appettizer with grilled veggies....it is amazing! As are the grilled steak and chicken tacos.The atmosphere is casual but added touches,such as fresh cut flowers,and white table cloths,amazing and friendly owners and staff,give this place a touch of class.There is also live music that is a real mix of cultures and appeal.Love this place;it is our new hangout!Carol
5	Fast friendly service. Ordered an angus burger. Perfection. The place smells wonderful. Tonight is wine tasting and tomorrow (Friday's) is tequila tasting and live music. Happy hour daily 4-7pm making beers $2 and $2.50. Wow. We'll be back
5	Love this place. We have been there numerous times. Just keeps getting better & better. We went there 2 days after they opened and found the food spectacular, but the service was so bad it was comical. They have sorted that. The food is still great and now the service is good. Highly recommend.
3	This is my second attempt. Still unsure how I feel. In my immediate neck of the woods it's definitely close to as good as it gets. Unfortunately that's not saying much. I've liked everything thus far but haven't loved anything. My companion loved the guacamole so much they took it home, and we all no that will be no bueno before the sun comes up.I will give it another shot as they are up and coming and update you all.The staff at Lenero informed me that they were opening another location soon....I was slightly perplexed as I thought you had to be doing well to start other locations, a myth maybe?
5	Lenero Mexican Grill is one of my favorite restaurants. The Palo de Lena Al Fuego is an amazing grilled steak with a combo of grilled veggies and roasted red potatoes, always seasoned and smoked to perfection.  The Barbacao is another dish I always go for as the lamb, smokey charro beans, and tortillas are a great trio.  Add their warm salsa and its a solid taco.  The chips yes are not that great but really when was the last time you said, "you know who's chips I'm really in the mood for...let's go to ____."  Give me a break; I swear some yelpers look for anything to complain about.  Most authentic Mexican in the area hands down.
5	We had dinner here and the food is excellent, the atmosphere is cozy and homey and the service is fantastic.  Our waitress, Stephanie was friendly and helpful, the salsa, guacamole and steak fajitas were amazing.  The food  is affordable with dinners ranging from about $8-$16.  There are inexpensive weekday lunch specials and brunch on the weekends.  I can't wait to try the brunch!
4	Queso Fundido was excellent.  Fajitas were enough for two. Enchiladas were a big portion. Everything tasty!!!Only complaint was the iced tea was a little different than what I am used to. Would prefer just basic iced tea.
5	I came for the lamb taco, stayed for the great service, and will return for the steak taco! Great place!
5	I'm there right now.  This place has great food, fun staff and the owners are great!  I come here several times a week!   The lamb is great!
4	Service was ok, there was only one person. Dishes looked very presentable and ambiance was relaxing. Chicken was very succulent and very well made. Salsa was served warm which was the first time I've heard of. Server was really friendly and although the ambiance was relaxing it would have been nice to listen to a variety of music instead of only John Mayer.
3	I always drive by this little restaurant and I've been wanting to stop by for a long time, so happy I finally did. Only had a few drinks and an appetizer. The atmosphere was very nice and private. They even had live music! Which I was not expecting given the size of the restaurant. The customer service was great! Our waitress was very helpful and accommodating. I know I will definitely go back in the future! For now they get three stars because I wasn't the biggest fan of their salsa. We shall see how they do next time.
4	Food, service and ambience was wonderful but two things prevent me from giving it 5 stars. I am a water drinker and even with three lemons the taste was horrible. Also bought $30 worth of "double take coupons for $15, but they don't let you use them on the same visit, something not explained even in the fine print. But all that aside, the steak and the sauces, chips and salsa and pico were great. All 6 of us were very happy with our meals.
4	I came here for dinner with my family after using the map feature from yelp. The place is super cool and the ambiance is great. Upon entry we were met by friendly staff members and promptly seated and served drinks. The food was great!!!!  I got the steak burrito and my wife ordered chicken al fuego. I couldn't be happier with the meal. There might have been a mix up in the kitchen which delayed it, but it was corrected with a second round of drinks on the house. There was live entertainment that sadly started towards the end of our meal. He was great and it really set the mood. We will go back here for sure and I hope this place gets support to stick around.
4	Really nice place, menu is great!  Definitely worth visiting.  Some dishes were good but not terrific, maybe it was just an off day?  I'd say between 3 and 4 stars.  Place has the potential to be solid 4 or even move into 5 territory.
1	Had a terrible meal. Restaurant was understaffed and server was more interested in interacting with wife/girlfriend and child than waiting on customers. In fact, not sure they even wanted to be open for business. We tried ordering their signature margarita with spices, only to be told the spices hadn't been prepped. ITS their signature drink! It was probably 20 minutes before we got any drinks. I use yelp a lot for picking restaurants, and tend to focus on food quality since anyone can occasionally get bad service. Food was pretty good, except for several problems. First, one entree for a person in our party was cold by the time it was served. The flour tortillas are only 4 inches in diameter making it difficult to eat fajitas. My fajitas weren't served with any accompaniment like cheese our sour cream or anything. To top things off the server never checked on us to see if we wanted more drinks or if our dishes were ok. Apparently too busy checking his watch to see when he was getting off. Now you might think, oh he might have been overworked because I said they were understaffed. We were the only party in the restaurant at 7 pm and he was the only bar tender/ server there. Given that I am in the Southwest, I know there must be many better Mexican places to choose from, particularly ones that care about their customers all the time.
5	I was driving by when the outside attracted me to this place.  I totally dig this place.  There is a tiny stage that hangs over the restaurant with a great guitarist playing on this Friday night.  The food was unique and tasty.  I wasn't in a hurry and the pace of bar was relaxed so if your in a hurry do drive thru at Taco Bell.  But If your looking for an evening place to take a date and you don't want break the bank this place is great!
5	We went to Lenero's for lunch.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Our waitress and the manager were glad to answer any questions (except the  secret spice in the salsa) we had.  The warm salsa was very good.  A new slant on chips and salsa.  Being the first time we had visited there, we played is safe and had chicken enchiladas and steak burrito.  They were both very fresh and flavorful.  Excellent.  There is nothing fried there.  Everything is grilled over apple or peach wood.  The cocktails were very good as well.  We highly recommend this if you are looking for good Mexican food that is a bit different.  We will be going back regularly!
5	I had the steak and chicken enchiladas and they were delicious. Our waitress was very friendly, different Mexican good but very good. I will be back to try more of their delicious food. Also, the prices are very affordable.
2	When you walk through the door you're greeted with an amazing smell (reminded me of when my dad would cook meat in our smoker with apple wood chips when we were kids). Second was how great the restaurant looked, it was clean and inviting. The bartender smiled and waved at us like we were old friends and told us to have a seat anywhere...(time was 12:22)So far we're off to a great start. So what possibly could have went wrong to cause a 2 star review? Our service. The bartender brought us over some menus and explained that we could order brunch or lunch, brought us some chips and salsa, then went back to the bar, we didn't see any other server in the restaurant so for a while we thought she was just ignoring us. So we sat and sat and sat waiting for our actual server to come by. Keep in mind there were 3 other tables in the restaurant, one was just leaving so we'll call it two. Let's touch on the chips and salsa. I loved the chips, they were fantastic, however, the salsa was not a "dipping salsa" it had a wonderful flavor and would have been great on a taco salad (why don't you have taco salads?) or poured on the top of a burrito but it was horrible for dipping chips. There were NO chunks, it was the consistency of hot sauce. Finally our server greeted us with her presence, she walked up and didn't say "Hi, I'm so-and-so, I'll be taking care of you folks today" or "Welcome to Lenero, have you been here before" or even just "hello" instead she said "what can I get you to drink". I almost responded with an "hi, I'm fine thank you for asking" but I refrained. We ordered our drinks and I asked for an order of guacamole, it's 12:31 at this point (9 min after walking in the door). There we sat, bored with our chips and salsa, read every yelp review of Lenero, discussed our plans for rest of the day etc. Our server finally came by to ask if we were ready to order. Not by asking if we were ready or if we had any questions. She walked up and in her snotty tone said "what do you want". Seriously?? That's not how you talk to someone! I was so taken aback by her attitude I decided right then and there we will not be back. This food would have to be sent straight from the Heavens for it to tip the scales back in the favor of the restaurant. I ordered the chicken tacos and my bf ordered the enchiladas. As she was walking away he mentioned to her we're still waiting on our guac, it's been over 10 min at this point. She seemed surprised by our request to get the guacamole, almost like she just plain forgot I even ordered it. Finally our guacamole came. TWENTY-ONE minutes after ordering it. By this time the appeal of chips and guac was completely gone. She gave a million excuses about how there were steaks that needed to be cooked and the cook is extremely busy. The only other table in the place had already gotten their food and was about to leave. That left one table of folks. You're telling me the cook couldn't manage to toss some guacamole together because he was too busy making steaks for the one table in the restaurant? She told us it was on the house. That was nice but I would have rather of paid for it and have received it 16 min ago. Finally the bartender came over to apologize for the guacamole taking so long and explained that the cook is new and he went in order of the tickets arriving and needed to prepare the food for the OWNER'S FAMILY first. So I've been sitting here hungry because the owner needed to eat and that took priority? Our lunch came out pretty fast and my tacos were good, what the menu doesn't mention is they are street tacos, not normal sized ones. Which was fine by me but I could see where someone else wouldn't have been impressed with 4 really small tacos. The enchilada was also good but the menu should clarify it is a spicy dish. While we both love spice, again I can see how someone else would not have liked it. If my mom had ordered it she wouldn't have been able to eat it, the dish was that spicy. Bottom line is we do not have any intentions on coming back. While the food was good, it wasn't phenomenal. The salsa was not ideal for "chips and salsa" and the service was HORRIBLE. It's been a long time since I've had a server that snobby. She should be really lucky we left her 20% because she certainly did not deserve it (I'm having tipper's regret).
5	Just tried this for the first time... Dinner on a Friday at 7:30. Full but no wait. Attentive service; we were greeted as we walked in. A good amount of food for the price. He had lamb, I had fajitas. Both were good w enough to take some home. Salsa was nice and spicy and the live music was good but a little loud, so if you don't like that type of thing avoid Fridays. Felt warm and intimate; a good place for a date. Really no complaints, we will be back.
4	Last night a group of 8 of us dined at Lenero.  The only reason why i am taking away 1 star is because I made a reservation for us to sit by the window and our table was not set up where we had discussed when I made the reservation.  If I could only take away 1/2 a star I would but I can't give a perfect rating because of the mixup so 4 stars it is.  After that everything was great.  We started with drinks, mostly beers on tap.  I am not a beer drinker but they have a hard cider on tap that was very good.  For appetizers we ordered the guacomole and the queso fundido.  Both were absolutely delicious.  I could have made a meal just out of those two if the others would have let me hoard them.  But as they were so good I was forced to share.  Which was good because otherwise I would have missed out on the Swai fish entree.  Oh wow, that was so good!  Swai is a very mild white fish.  They cook it wrapped in tinfoil so it steams and stays completely moist.  A nice mix of veggies is cooked in the foil with the fish too.  I ate every bite.  For my sidedish I picked the charro beans.  They were so good that I took them home for leftovers after stuffing myself with appetizers and the Swai.Our waitress then offered us complimentary slices of their chipotle chocolate cake.  The first bite seemed a little ehhh.  But then with the second bite the chipotle kicked in and it was a very nice finish to a lovely dinner.  The cake was not overly sweet which was good and the kick of the chipotle was a nice warm surprise.  For now Lenero is only open for dinner but they plan to open for lunches soon.  We plan to be there when they do.
5	Wonderful little restaruant, Great service, Delicious food, and Awesome drinks. Decided to stop in on our way to a soccer game for appetizers and had a great experience.   Would highly recommend the Queso Fundido and the Tierra y Mar.
4	I would easily have given this place 5 stars hands down, however the service was a bit too slow for our liking.We felt that the waitresses and the host somehow forgot about us couple times so we did not want to seem annoying as we tried waving them down numerous times, but overall the food was absolutely delicious! It was on a weeknight and they were not slammed.We also ordered some beers and they were not served very cold so we should have said something, but we did not want to seem unappreciative, but just letting you know that beers should be freezing cold always! (or at least serve the beer with ice cold glasses).We had the guac, swai fish (out of this world amazing), enchiladas, and the kale salad. No complaints about the food whatsoever!We will definitely be back!
5	I took my family here because I had only heard/read good things. We ordered the queso fundido and it came with fresh tortillas, definitely a delightful surprise. The guacamole was fresh, and the chili rellenos were incredible. We will be back.
5	Why five stars? Great food, outstanding service, plenty of parking in the back, and best off all, super reasonable prices. for the guy with the Salsa picture, take the picture with a full bowl, not after you finished it...Some of those over priced restaurants can take a lesson on how to treat customers.
5	Really good vibe. Food is excellent. Come and you will say to yourself, wow this is a really nice experience.
5	Excelente from start to finish.  I am very picky when it comes to Mexican food as both my grandmothers were great cooks.  This place does not disappoint. From the friendly service, the addicting salsa and simple yet delicious tacos. I had 3 steak and 1 shrimp and they were wonderful. I love the cabbage in the tacos.  You could taste the love in these dishes.  Can't wait to return and try all the other plates.
1	Today was to be lunch at Lenero's after church.  I never ate there but the rest of the family had and they had very good things to say about the food and the service. When we walked in, we were not greeted but the sign said to seat ourselves, so we did.  We waited for menus/water/chips.  We waited.  And we waited.  Finally we got chips and salsa (both very good) and we hunted down our own menus.  We ran out of chips and salsa and waited.  And waited some more.  My bro-in-law went to hunt down a waitress.  He found one and got very little response, so he very nicely offered to help bring water to the table.  She said she would be there soon.  She was not.  As we waited more, a couple was seated, got menus and did their order.  Before us.  Why did we wait so long?  Such a great question.  I think it was cognitive dissonance-the last time everyone was there it was so different, so the thought was maybe we were just hitting the timing wrong.  Until the other couple got service before us.  We finally realized we were being stupid for staying and got up to leave.  As we walked out someone said "thanks for coming in"--did they realize we never ate? Maybe this was a fluke.  Maybe this has never happened before (except reading some of the other reviews, I think this is more the norm).  Businesses need to understand that customer service is important, maybe even more important than presentation and taste.  I give Lenero's a ZERO for customer service, the one star is for the chips and salsa.  Will I be back?  Nope, unless there is some compelling proof that things have changed.  Are you listening Lenero's?
4	Back open for lunch?! Thank you! I will definitely be in to visit this gem and test it out again. I loved the burgers there, applewood smoked and with avocado! Can't wait to write a proper current review for this placeI love the salsa here, blended and served hot! It's probably the best salsa ever!I
4	Clean, friendly, and fast, this little mexican cantina is more Maestros than Macayos. Its not overbearing in the class, and the food is reasonably priced. Tasty, and fresh this is a nice change of pace from the standard mexican fare. With a short but varied menu, craft beers on tap and a wall of premium spirits, its a welcome addition to the north valley. Great place for a date
1	Taco Tuesday?! Not at this joint. Our pathetic tacos had three baby slivers of chicken with a whole lot of cabbage. After calling over the server and showing her our sad tacos, her response was "what do you want me to do with it?!"  Screw it, take it back and can my husband have another margarita....30 minutes later it arrives with no apology attached! Customer service is not a priority in this establishment!
2	The ONLY reason this place gets stars is for the atmosphere. The restaurant itself is really nice, but that's where the positive review ends. The manager frequently answers these Yelp reviews, which I commend, by saying bad customer service is not the norm. Somehow I doubt that very much. There were extremely long lags between ordering drinks, putting in our food order and finally getting our entrees. Yes, they were busy, but that is not an excuse for slow or poor service. The waitresses were less than enthusiatic. They seemed just BLAH. Now for the food. After waiting 45 minutes just for the appetizer, finally it came. It was some kind of play on surf (steak)  and turf (shrimp). The steak had good flavor and was cooked nicely, but you could tell it was a cheaper cut. It was SO fatty! The shrimp was just OK. Nothing I'd write to mom about. After that we probably waited another 10 minutes for the main dish. That means it took AN HOUR for our food to arrive. But I digress... I ordered the chicken fajitas. The chicken was so dry and so fatty, it was barely edible. I think they used dark meat and that's why it was on the fatty side. The tiny tortillas make it impossible to really fit much inside of them. Why even bother? The dish does not come with any accompaniments, like sour cream or cheese, like other restaurants offer. No, here they charge you extra for an entree that is already $12. Why not just include the cheese and sour cream and charge $14? That way your customers feel like they're getting their money's worth, because most of the dish was peppers and onions. If the chicken were actually good, I'd want more. The guacamole I paid extra for was bland and looked like it had been made using a mortar and pestil. It was not well incorporated. Oh, and the chips and salsa! I forgot. The 'salsa' is very watery and had a rather weird after taste. And I didn't like that it was served hot, either. It was like they pulverized peppers and tomatoes together in a food processor and forgot to add seasoning. Extremely bland. Now, how anyone can say this is the best Mexican food they've ever had, must have left their taste buds at home, but I guess to each their own, right? I really had high hopes for Lanero, but after this experience, I won't be back. For what they charge and the quality and value you get for the money, you're better off going to Chipotle where paying extra for guacamole is worth it.
2	My boyfriend and I had went in for dinner and was not pleased at all. Instead of going to our usual spots for Mexican food like Blanco, LA Fonda Del Sol and Z'tejas, we decided to try somewhere new. I hoped that this little joint would be awesome but within 10 minutes of arriving, I lost hope. We sat, got our menus, ordered our drinks and received our drinks. 10...15 minutes later, no one had come to our table to take our order. I got up to ask who our server was. We got an apology and our new server was really nice but it did not make up for how bad the food was. I ordered the Chile relleno and it was pretty much a soggy bell pepper with cheese that was drenched with the same salsa they served with the chips. It just looked like a sad dinner. Not worth the money... Boyfriend ordered the enchiladas - no bueno. But the drinks were good! They took care of the first round of drinks to make up for forgetting us but nothing makes me want to go back. But we tried!
4	Amazing Happy Hour deals!!!     Great appetizers and drinks, this place is tucked away between a Whataburger and furniture store.Place is small, but very well decorated! They even had a guitar player on the second floor who played nice and calming songs during happy hour! Nice!! :) Not very much to say since we only came here to try out their happy hour, and all of the appetizers we ordered were great!! Especially the Queso Fundido, that was delicious!!! Yum and the nice long list of drinks!! The bartender that night mixed up some delicious cocktails too!! I definitely will come here again to try out the full menu soon!
2	We recently moved to the neigborhood and I was excited to check this place out based on the reviews. Unfortunately Lenero Mexican Grill didn't live up to the hype.First of all, the reviews here state that this place is good for kids. While I wouldn't exactly say it's an inappropriate place to bring kids, they're definitely not set up to accomodate them either. The hostess gave us a choice of two tables: one high-top and one regular. The regular table was sqeezed up so close to another party that there wasn't even room to sit on one side, so we chose the high-top and asked for a booster seat for my son. They don't have booster seats so the hostess offered a high chair. I accepted and she brought over a high chair so short that my son's head would be below the table. What the???That wasn't going to work, so I asked if we could sit at the regular table. She said sure, then stood back and watched as we moved the table away from the other party to allow enough room for us to sit down. We pulled up the high chair to the new table and it was still about 6 inches too short! My son is 2 1/2, it's not like he's an infant. They need to have high chairs that fit thier tables or not bother.Next up, they don't have a kids menu so I asked the waitress if we could just order a bean and cheese burrito with a side of rice for our son. She said they could.  After a while, my entree and my son's meal came out, but my husband's order was nowhere in sight. My son's bean burrito was fine, but his side of rice was in a little glass bowl and had a ton of cilantro in it. I knew he wouldn't eat it and my side of rice had almost no cilantro, so I traded with him. My son and I got started eating, thinking my husband's order would be out momentarily. Nope. I was done with my entree before my husband's meal arrived. And no big apology from the server, either.The food and margaritas were pretty good, but pretty pricy considering what we got. I MIGHT go back and give thier customer service another chance, but I definitely would not bring my son next time.
5	Just happened to notice this place driving down Bell a couple times.  It is nestled between a car wash and a thrift store. Once I walked inside I was overcome, in a good way by the smoky smell of the wood they use to smoke their meats. We got seated right away, and noticed that the music they were playing was really good. Then my wife looked up and saw a live musician perched on an upstairs stage. Would have never guessed it, throughout our meal we were loving every minute of that. The food was excellent, but the best dish was the beef fajitas my wife ordered.  I am telling you right now, they are the best anywhere in town. I guarantee you that. Love this place and will definitely be returning.
1	Ate there and the food was good. However, 3 days after I went there I noticed 2 charges on my debit from them instead of 2. They deny that there was an error made on their side and refused to return the money they stole from me. I spent 4 hours trying to file a dispute with my bank and am still waiting on a resolution. BEWARE IF YOU GO THEY MAY STEAL MONEY FROM YOU
5	Love this place. Great drinks, food and atmosphere. North phoenix not known for cool restaurants but this is for sure one if them. Take a friend here and impress them with your culinary insights.
5	I have always had a great experience here. This is a sit down and relax place. atmosphere is great, food is amazing, and i love the smell of the wood when you walk through the door.  I am shocked to see so many angry reviews here.... Just goes to show some people are just impossible to please.
5	Good quality food at a reasonable price. Very nice service. Thanks Shayna! Some dishes are a little spicy. If you can handle some heat, get the shredded lamb! We'll be back.
4	Very impressed my first time there and have been back a few times and it's really quite good. Salsa is fresh and tastes homemade. Margaritas are good too. The Queso Fundido is fanTAStic! Consider me a new fan!
2	The prices here are really high for what you get & poor service. $9 for a 6 ounce margarita, my friend's was so salty we had to send it back. The bartender had difficulty promoting & describing the drinks off the margarita menu.Once we got seated at a table, the server stopped by to greet us so we ordered waters and a sprite, she said she was gonna go bus a table and come back for our drink order. Mind you no one was waiting at the door for a table.Next my friends wanted charro beans with their fish, the were out, so they settled for the black beans. A few minutes later the waitress came by to say the walk in fridge has a latch problem and was left open last night and the black beans are not tasting right, so she recommended the rice. After that we all look at each other and said " I wonder what else was bad in the cooler, I don't think she should have told us that".My friend got a steak burro for $9 and it was go small with nothing else, she only ate half & said it was only ok. I bet you can get a better burro at Chipolte.My other friends had swami in foil, customarily the waitress should open it for you but she didn't. My friends really enjoyed the fish.This place needs some work on service, quality and value for your money.
5	Hard to find but well worth it!!!The food is the bomb, great fresh flavors.The flank steak had so much flavor.Great job!!! Friendly staff knew there menu.
5	First time and will definitely be back. Food was excellent. Had the chicken enchiladas with the house margarita. Service was superb. Very friendly and attentive. The salsa is served warm and makes for a nice change. Give it a try !
4	A lot of goods things about this place. Decor is decent. Chips were very good though i wasnt crazy about the warm salsa. Ok beer list on tap. The red skin potatoes were excellent and the flat steak i had folded over grilled veggies was also excellent. Rare meal where the sauce (a spicey tomato?) took away from the meal so i didnt use it. Service was friendly but a little hit and miss in terms of waiting.
5	This is the real deal! The smell of the smoked applewood is amazing and the food is wonderful. LOVE the smoked meat and the cozy setting. Very romantic.
2	Flavor was delicious. Salsas are spicy. .. which i love. The two star rating is simply for value. 12 bucks for fajitas. It comes with the sizzling skillet of bell peppers onions and steak. Served with... tortillas. No lettuce or pico de gallo, no cheese, no guac, no sour cream. No rice or beans served with the burritos. (8 bucks). The burrito was the same as the fajitas but they put cabbage in with it. Compare the value to a place like fajitas off the i17.. you dont get much for the buck here. Would like to have seen more ingredients in the burrito but the add ons were ridiculous. A buck for cheese per person. Etc.. by the time you add in all the standard stuff you end up with about 12 bucks of food but get charged 18. But i will go back for happy hour some time.. half price appetizers... which is about what it should be priced at. I wanna give them more stars but the plates need some work and bulk. Chips in the basket were stale but the salsa was great.
3	Great atmosphere. They had live music on Friday. The food could have been better for the price. We ordered a burrito and it was just another burrito thrown on a plate. No sides were offered. I will definitely go back for drinks and to listen to some music. I wish I could have given you a 5 star.
4	This place is very good. Very good guacamole.. Good service. Just a little in consistent with how long food comes out. But overall good
3	I had been extremely excited about trying this place an I finally had a chance to go this last sat for brunch. The food was "ok" , as a Chef I had an idea of what the vision was but the execution was very sloppy. I also felt terrible for the one pregnant server who got slammed as soon as we arrived . I want to give this place another chance , maybe I'll go for dinner soon when they will have more staff in both the FOH as well as the kitchen. I know that no excuse for any restaurant but unlike most people that are not in this industry , I understand .
2	Wife and  recently moved to the area and this was the first place we decided to try as aesthetically it jumped out and seemed fun. That much stayed true, the inside has a great vibe, not that large, and had a live musician playing in a little balcony overlooking the restaurant.Beyond that the experience was the exact 2-Star definition of  'Meh. I've had better'. It took us almost 30 minutes to get seated, and we were hardly even acknowledged by the wait staff. After being seated drinks took another 15 minutes, and food order was another 20 minutes, and 15+ minutes more before the appetizer came out. Speaking of which, the Queso Fundito was the one thing highly raved about here, yet, ours came out as a luke-warm solid mass of cheese--not the dip-able queso we anticipated. In all, from the time we arrived to the time we left took nearly 2 hours.The entrees were ok, I don't really have complaints there other than it may be a bit pricey for what it was (except my wife's burrito, it was huge and only like $8). However, it's likely nothing impressed me because of how irritated I was with how long everything was taking.Our server (maybe she was a manager?) was trying really hard and did apologize for the wait on everything. She did mention that there was a party of 20 in there which led to the delays. While I can empathize with this, it didn't seem as if this party put the restaurant over capacity of what a busy friday night might normally be, so they should have been staffed accordingly, not to mention we were sat well after they were so the food orders were plenty staggered.\Maybe I'll try it again and see if it goes better, we'll see.
1	The decor is nice, but that's about all I liked about it. Maybe we just had the bad luck of getting a new waitress who didn't know how to take care of her customers, but service was slow and annoyingly absent most of the night. The food took forever to come out and was overpriced for the portion size and disgusting. I ordered the chicken enchiladas. They barely had any chicken in them and the salsa on top was so sour and tasted like Hernz sauce from a jar. My companion ordered the barbacoa and it just tasted like bland shredded beef with about a gallon of pepper dumped into it. It came with beans that were absolutely disgusting. We couldn't eat them at all and sent them back. The manager came over to ask us what was wrong with the food since we sent it back almost untouched. When I explained that the beans were so badly prepared, they were unpalatable she said I must not know authentic home style Mexican food. I informed her I'm Hispanic and definitely know what good beans and barbacoa taste like, she got a bad attitude with us and said, "well you can't please everyone". Just that attitude alone would have been enough to turn me off from ever going back, if the food hadn't already.
5	I love the way they cook their meats, tender but crispy too! The salsa is more authentic and unique from many other chains' with a an applewood, smokey-like flare. The staff is super friendly, patient, and accommdating. I wish there were more places like this in north Phoenix.
5	The BEST Mexican nitch restaurant.   Service is outstanding and the food to match!  Outside of restaurant is inviting and love the open air windows on the nice evenings.  Interior is done beautifully with great Spanish touch and the music playing is perfect for the atmosphere.   HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Great menu, prepared in a high quality manner with wonderful folks (Stacy [Manager] & Marco [Chef]) provide a really excellent meal and atmosphere in an unexpected location.  A really modern, clean decor with a great wine and beer selection makes this an unexpected delight, in an out of the way place, in north Phoenix on E. Bell Road.  Highly recommend.
4	Back open for lunch?! Thank you! I will definitely be in to visit this gem and test it out again. I loved the burgers there, applewood smoked and with avocado! Can't wait to write a proper current review for this placeI love the salsa here, blended and served hot! It's probably the best salsa ever!
5	Awesome food and great service.   Salsa was great and so was the chicken enchiladas.   The drinks were great.   Will be coming back for sure.
4	I've driven by this place a thousand time. Finally tonight flipped a U-Turn and drove in.  From the rear parking lot I could see stacks of applewood that is used in their cooking. Good sign.  Once inside I sat at the bar and had some really good street tacos.  Hint:  When the Lamb tacos are recommended go with it. I ordered 2 chicken and 1 lamb.  Wished I would have switched that around.  They have a small but decent selection of craft beers.  The specialty drink menu looks good and I am looking forward to going back. I sat at the bar and had excellent sever from Stacy.
4	4 star food. 3 star service. Found this place on Yelp and went to try it a few days back.  Small place, weird parking, nice decor. Our server was very friendly and at the beginning everything seemed OK. We got chips and salsa, she took our order, brought our appetizer and then our meals. It seemed the food was prepared fast. Then she went to get me a drink refill and never came back. We tried hard to get her attention but nothing. About the food:Not so crazy about the chips but the salsa was very tasty. Warm salsa felt funny at the beginning but we ended up liking it. Queso fundido was really good, came with 4 floor tortillas that were small and thin which translates to less carbs. I found their menu keto friendly and we liked the food, just the meat was not very tender.
5	We recently celebrated my Dad's 75th birthday at Lenero and we had the best experience ever. The staff went out of their way to make sure that we were taken care of (thank you Stacie) But the food made the night, every bite of everything we ordered (Lamb, Lentils, Kale salad, fajitas) was exceptional. This will for sure be a restaurant that we will go to very frequent.
3	The warm salsa is a delight to the pallette!!! You defineately cant be a gringo though. But what have you done with the charro beans.... they are now frank n beany what happened to the delish spicy jalepeno flavored charro beans? The ribs are the bomb but dont be fancy n cut each riblet they dry out chef!!! Been going hear since opening dont screw up the original menu. The music on the weekends is great.Put the beans back n dont cut the ribs n u get a 5.
1	Not good. Enchilada meat, chicken and steak, were dry. Sauce sucked. The house margaritas, though fresh, were too tart. The guac was bland. How hard is it to taste the food for seasonings when you make it? Pretty hard to screw up guac but they did it. Sorry, wish I could say better this.
5	Unique and flavorful food. The lamb was delicious and wonderfully seasoned. Our waitress Daniella was a delight, very attentive and provided excellent service. We will be back.
