4	Had dinner here on a Friday night. Food was very good and service was friendly if a little scattered.  They just opened this week so I am sure the service will get better.  Recommend checking them out.  Saag Paneer was great and the naan was also good.
2	Being Indian and having eaten at many of the best Indian restaurants in the valley, I'm not your usual casual diner who knows nothing about Indian food. I usually eat dosa and South Indian fare at Woodlands (Ray and Rural). I tried Cafe Krishna for a change. I was disappointed. The service was lousy. The waitstaff was not rude and in fact they were very friendly but the wait was too long. We ordered an appetizer and two dosas. They took a 30 minutes to bring us our appetizer and another 30 minutes (1 hour) before we got our dosa. It was not busy when we ordered. There were only 3 couples in the restaurant at the time and they had 3 waiters. They never checked on us and we had to flag them down to get our bill. One of the waiters is an Eastern European woman who spoke no English and had never waited tables before. She brought our chaat to our table and didn't even bring plates with it.The food itself was good but not noteworthy. Their chutneys were not tasty or flavorful. The coconut chutney at Woodlands is a lot better. The dosa had very little sabji (potato) filling and was nearly entirely just one large crepe. The dosa at Woodlands includes much more sabji. I did like the sabji and thought it was better than Woodlands because it was slightly less greasy. The samosa chaat was not good. It had very little samosa (maybe two small pieces of one samosa)  and the rest of it included vegetables. It wasn't bad but neither was it tasty.The only positive aspect to the place was it's ambience. Despite its "cafe" name, the place is a sit-down restaurant. It's nicer than many full fledged Indian restaurants in the valley. It was clean, spacious with many booths. and decorated well. You are seated, given a menu and a waiter takes your order. It's not like Woodlands in which you order at the register. It has a full menu but it's vegetarian. It's also a South Indian place so I wouldn't recommend ordering saag paneer and North Indian dishes because South Indians don't know how to cook North Indian food. I will not come back because the service was too slow. Even when we flagged our waiter for our bill, there was another couple who had sat for 15 minutes and had not even had their drink orders taken. Honestly, why would I wait an hour to eat Dosa when I can go up the street and eat at Woodlands and get the same quality dosa in 10 minutes. I'm pretty forgiving of slow service if the restaurant is super busy or if there is only one server but this was different. You could tell the waiters had no previous experience waiting tables and had no sense of urgency. They didn't know how to refill drinks, check up on you, bring your bill to you on time. It seemed like they were related to the owner or were part owners and tried to be servers. If the restaurant improved their speed and service, I would recommend this place. Hopefully that will improve
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere9 ValueThe service is very friendly.  The food is very good - an excellent coconut chutney - and their combo meals are well priced and offer up a good variety.
4	Scale of 1-10Food 9 - good authentic vegetarian fare plus some unusual breads.Service 6 - very friendly but rather slowAtmosphere 8 - clean, but I always prefer  indian restaurants a little dimmerValue 9They are still a little new and hopefully trying to improve the speed of the service.The quality of the food makes for somewhat haphazard service. If you go in expecting somewhat slightly slow service and are not in a rush - you will certainly enjoy this restaurant.8/6/10 update - have been going to this restaurant regularly  for at least the last 8 months. overall have become even more impressed by the variety and selection of dishes. also service has improved with time. I think I have to place this at the top of my favorite restaurants (even above the Delhi Palace which has been our favorite for the last 20 years).Highly recommended
3	This review pertains to the lunch buffet only, I would expect a different experience at dinner.First off, the service was very "self serve" which is what one would expect from a buffet, but there are no self serve stations for water or tea refills, and the wait staff seldom made an appearance. The food was good, but I am not a fan of most buffets.  My friend informed me that the food was much better at dinner, and I intend on finding out sometime.
3	I enjoy good indian food every once in awhile and Cafe Krishna was a great place to indulge. I like that its all vegetarian and the choices are abundant. The food was great, I just wish the service was a little better. It was a little bit slow and inconsistent. I definitely recommend trying one of their dosai and a curry- both are delicious.
3	I had never had dosai until this place opened.  Every version I've tried is yummy!  The accompanying sauces, however, can be a little too heavy and spicy for me.
1	On a recent trip to Phoenix, my b-i-l took us to this south Indian restaurant for dinner. While the ambience is good, the food was pathetic. First we ordered Medu vada. The vadas were not fresh; they just nuked (microwaved) old ones and served. They cannot even nuke them hot. We ordered some chili bajjis, these guys do not even know the concept of serving appetizers before the main order. They brought chili bujjis along with dosas we ordered. Looks like they just dipped chillis in batter and fried. These guys are so lazy or do not know how to make chili bajjis (they did not put in the seasoning - tamarind/onions/other relevant sauces - inside the bajjis). No wonder the chili bajjis were so (spicy) hot.Regarding Dosas, the less said the better. Not only they served them cold, but they were also tasteless. Never order coconut dosa here! Frankly these guys need some good competition. A reasonable price for dosa should be around $7 - these guys overcharge for the quality of food they serve.
5	It sounds to me that their lunch  buffet is the problem but other wise Cafe Krishna is a great place for vegetarian fare from India. Their food is mainly south indian such as dosas, chutneys etc. We have eaten dessert here at night time and our impression was great, not only of the gulab jamuns, rass-malai and the mango kulfi that we ate but also of the service and their overall setup. This is a clean south indian eatery unlike the Udupi place in Tempe. Go here, you will like.
1	The facility was a clean environment for food and there was a good variety on the menu.  I was there for the dinner meal.I was thoroughly unhappy with the service that was received here during dinner on a Saturday night.  First the servers were not able to figure out how to set up a table that was correct for the size of the party that was attending.Next the server was very unorganized giving us items that we did not order and forgetting items that were ordered.  When brought to his attention the server went back to the kitchen without offering an apology.  He then proceded to bring the same dish as he had brought out before that was an incorrect item and did not bring out items that were ordered.  At this point this was pointed out to him again he went back in only to come out 20 minutes later after most of the party had finished eating with the items that he had forgotten to bring out.  The waiter made excuses for what happened and did not apologize nor offer any compensatory changes to the bill due to his mistakes.  After the desert was ordered this too was below expectations.  The waiter seemed disinterested in how we felt about the food and our overall satisfaction at dinner.Waiter was disinterested, disorganized, and unapologetic.  Overall avoid this restaurant.
3	This is new hotness out of phoenix. They offer flavorful food on lunch buffets. And it seems to be (i) pulling a lot of people out of their houses to come and enjoy the food (ii) taking away buisness from other indian joints.Weekend (friday lunch buffet through sunday dinner) food quality has been great and consistent. Most items have their unique flavors and textures. Weekday dinners - quality is not consistent.Service is generally sloppy. They have not figured out the co-ordinate system of the place they own. What is table # X and where is that? How many # of people Y are sitting on that table X and what each of the person ordered and in what order. I believed they found themselves unprepared to the high clientele they attracted based on the quality of the food.Quality of food however easily over-rides this sightly negative aspect which is already improving. And the sloppiness offers something additional for us to chuckle about at the table. the other thing I rate food joints on - is whether the food feels too filling in one or two round. Its better than most other places in the valley.North Indian appetizers are not great. Have not sampled dessert menu enough to write about it.its all vegetarian. Suits me - i am a vegetarian.
1	TWO WORDS - inconsistent & indifferent
5	Awesome Indian food.nice buffet.Mint rice is unique.
4	DOSA!!!! that was the main reason we came to this place. I had a combo 2, that gave me the chance to try dosa and 3 more other things. Good service, nice place and friendly attention.
5	now a five star
3	I had to go back and update my review for Cafe Krisha, as I have made several more visits since my original posting.Cafe Krisha has been open for a while and has still failed to supply guests with a menu that marks what items are suitable for vegans. At vegetarian restaurants, a menu that marks what is vegan is not just a convenience, it is a standard. Cafe Krishna stands virtually alone in the Phoenix as the only vegetarian restaurant that fails to offer this.This wouldn't be an issue if servers were more willing to ensure that products were dairy free. Getting a confirmation that a menu items are dairy-free from the servers feels like pulling teeth, and I making people's lives more difficult makes me feel uncomfortable. I just want to sit down and eat with no worries. A simple "V" next to all the vegan items would make me feel more inclined to eat at Cafe Krishna, it would make me feel more certain about what I was eating, and it would make the lives for the servers easier not having to run back and forth the kitchen every time I (and every other vegan) have a question about dairy in my food.That aside, the food at Krishna can be quite good. I've had crispy, spicy gobi manchurian here and I've had mild, crumbly gobi manchurian. The rasam and sambar is always good. And the dosas are usually a pretty safe bet. I had my first experience with uttapam here, and it was quite good but I'll be sure to ask for no raita next time! So, Cafe Krishna, mark the vegan items, and work on a little consistency and you could easily outscore any other Indian join in town.
5	Om nom nom.  They had me at "authentic Indian veg," but it's really quite exceptional.  We both had the lunch buffet, which has quite few main dishes and desserts.  It is comparable to lunch buffets I've really enjoyed in the Bay Area or Manhattan, both in terms of quality and variety, and very reasonably priced at $8.99.The buffet includes a dosa and I think also a drink. I had the Tofu Manchurian, a nice chana dish I haven't had before (not Chana Masala), plain rice (there are several other choices for rice), an okra dish, some nice fresh salad, and some IEEE NaF on the side.  The masala tea came unsweetened, which is how I prefer it.   The kheer was quite tasty. And that's just scratching the surface.If I lived in Chandler I'd want to eat here every day!   Heck, if I still lived in Tucson I'd be tempted to go there for lunch once in a while   As it is, I'll definitely be back next time I'm passing through at lunch time.By the way, some reviews have said things about the food being cold.   I didn't have that experience--it was all the right temperature for me.   Andrea and I arrived before noon, so kind of on the early side.   I found the service to be prompt and friendly.
3	I have been here twice for the past couple of weeks and i must say the food and service is vastly improved. Buffet was excellent and service was respectful!   Am thinking twice in a row cannot be a fluke. Keep it up Krishna Cafe!
4	Thank goodness for Living Social, or I might never have discovered this place.As a vegetarian, this was my hog heaven...minus the hog. I mean, I could literally order anything I wanted and would be sure that there wasn't an accidental chicken stock action, or that pork might show up towards the bottom of the bowl.  I also really really loved that they offer both Northern and Southern options -- dosas AND curries!I went on a Saturday night with my partner and a friend.  For $40, we got 2 starters, a dosa combo plate, a thali, iced tea and a mango lassi...and we took home 3 dosas, naan, and a few other things. Great pricing and lots of food for your buck. Most of the food was absolutely amazing, although I found it to be heavy on the onions (not a huge fan) and some of it to be too spicy.As far as the negative? The service was awful. When someone came by, they were super friendly...all 4 times through out the meal. It took us two hours to order, eat and pay...waiting for the check took almost 30 minutes on its own. My partner's iced tea was empty for the majority of the meal. Also, not an issue for us, but the vegan items weren't marked, which would have been a problem if any one was vegan.The food and pricing gets 5 stars. The service gets 2.5. Overall, a 4, and I'll have to go back for the buffet at some point, when I get to provide my OWN service!
4	I really enjoyed this place, & was pleasantly surprised @ the quality of food. More than anything, I was amazed how full I was on a vegetarian menu. Highly recommended for new experiences.
4	As good as it gets for South Indian food here; Indian authentic would of course be much better.Food is awesome, fresh ingredients, cool variety of chutneys- love their combos (67 on menu)- that way you can taste a bit of everything. Also dig their mini idly (rice flour balls), Medu Vada, Paysam for dessert and ofcourse the rava masala or just the masala dosa...delish!The service can be a bit slow and mainly because it gets busy towards peak hours and doesn't have way too many servers- but for me its' worth the wait. at this place..check it out!
4	I can hardly tell my paneer's from my Gobi's but I can tell you that I like this place.Walk in and you will find a modern contempray dinning room with granite top tables, booths and tables. In back is the buffet setup.We were in for lunch at 12:30 on a Saturday and the buffet was the only option, and what a good option it was. So many flavorful dishes and All VEG!  I tried them all then tried many a second and third time.We were offered dosas, a Indian crepe like item. I don't know if this cost us extra but it was good and with dosa's the buffet was $12.The dishes had pretty good flavor, some flavors did not pop as much as I would have liked but overall the selection and quality won me over. The buffet is nice as I am still mostly lost on what to order when looking at an Indian food menu. We had water with our meal, they give you glasses and a carafe of water but oddly no ice.If you are veg go here and just keep eating, if you are not, you may not even notice that the place is meat free.
3	I've always had some difficulty finding good Indian food in the valley.  Cafe Krishna was a refreshing change from the sub-par establishments that I have become accustomed to.  The food was quite good and more than compensated for the slightly innocuous atmosphere.  The "combos" offer a lot of food at a very affordable price and may prove to be perfect for someone trying Indian faire for the first time.  Vegetarian, or not, I feel confident that you will enjoy Cafe Krishna.
3	the combos were very good and at a good price. i liked the food at woodlands a bit better but the atmosphere here was a little less take out then there. will be going back!
4	I visit this place very often for the lunch buffet. There is a wide variety of veg and vegan dishes in both North and South indian cuisine. To start with there is salad, veg fritters and chaat (north indian snack). The main course has naan (bread), 2 different gravies, a rice dish, 2-3 gravies to eat with plain rice and a curry. You get a choice of dosa (crepe) between plain and stuffed which are both equally good. There is also a desert and a fruit to finish the meal. Sometimes the service is very slow and the waitresses do not clear the plates and take time to bring the check. But overall very yummy and satisfying food. Not just vegetarian folks, but even meat-eaters like this place from what I have seen. Definitely a must-visit!
3	Went here with an Indian friend so I can't tell you what I ate, BUT it was tasty. We went 5:15pm on a Thursday and it was pretty empty, but as the night progressed more and more people filled the place out.They do have a lunchtime buffet but not sure the price or quality of food, but if it's anything like the dinner we had...its worth checking out.
4	We have eaten here a few more times and each time we have been, we have liked this place more. We mostly go for dinner. The masala in the dosa is very bland and not enough. The Sambhar could be a tad more spicy. But, overall we like this place. He loved the Gobi Manchurian that they serve there and the naans were awesome. Better than any north indian restaurant naans that we have eaten and mind you this is a south indian restaurant. My vegetarian and vegan friends love this place.
5	I thought this place was fantastic!!  Food is very fresh and tasty, not greasy at all, which made for NO indigestion afterward. That is so rare with Indian food, I usually feel weird afterward from the grease and spice. Their lunch buffet is very very good. We want to come back for dinner and try mutter paneer, my fave!
4	I work near here and have never gone in.  Today at lunch, a g/f and I went there and it was really good.  Great South Indian food and a nice clean atmosphere.  At lunch, they have a nice buffet with wonderful vegetarian selections for $9!  you can't beat that.Order #77, 33 and 25 along with a #1 mango drink - split it with a friend or two and you will all be fat and happy when you leave.
5	Have been here several times now, and hands down the best Indian food I've ever tasted!!!  Love it and go back at least twice a month.
5	It's awesome for pure vegetarians!
4	It took a lot to convince my husband to go so far to an Indian restaurant, when there are one's closer to home. But now, even he is a fan! The food tastes like home made, the service is good and seating comfortable. No garish decor either! Water is brought right away and they even keep a carafe of it at your table - so no need to wait for eye contact with a waiter/waitress to quench your thirst. Almost all the entree's on the buffet were good. Not too spicy but tasty. Dessert was good. They had kheer made with tapioca balls rather than rice. My daughter would have liked to have gulab jamoon. The vadaas were soft on the inside and crisp on the outside as they should be. Now for some comparison with Udupi, which is the other south indian restaurant I have been to around here. Sambar not as good as Udupi. Masala dosas not as big - I liked them but my family likes the Udupi masala dosas. They did not have Idlis. Now that was a surprise. But overall, I would recommend this place. It also looked clean.
5	On a dinner break from work, my lovely significant other and I thought this place sounded so much more interesting than the other nearby options, and there had been some recent positive lunchroom chatter about Cafe Krishna. I really wish we had more time to linger, but that will be the next visit. I ordered Kadai Bhindi Masala ... the okra was so tender and the spices were just right. Left me wanting for more! Beside me was a delicious curry. The naan was ample and fresh.This food was excellent and the variety more extensive than most Indian restaurants I have visited, but I must compliment the excellent service and attention given to a special dietary request. The staff went above and beyond our reasonable expectations. We were so pleased with their care to get it just right.I recommend Cafe Krishna to anyone who loves spices beyond salt and pepper, and is willing to forget that it is vegetarian, too. It is well worth a little drive, and I am really happy to find it close to my job.
4	Been here at least a dozen times. Gobi Manchurian is exceptional and the buffet usually is too. Unfortunately I haven't been back in months as we went for lunch and the selection was terrible (2 items). I asked what was up and they said their gas was out all morning and they couldn't cook. When I got the check they asked how was everything and I told them - terrible as we were literally going to have to leave and go somewhere else for lunch and they said - sorry about that it won't happen again but proceeded to charge us full price. So disappointing we were regulars - but that did it for us. I am sure it was a one off issue so don't not go there because of my review - we miss it. But paying full price to get a mouthful of there food, put a bad taste in our mouth - figuratively of course.
3	The food is above average; not the best, but certainly enjoyable.  The service is quite hit or miss; more "miss" than "hit".  I'm pretty apathetic about this place; I have a friend who lives right down the street and we enjoy going here and being left alone to chat, but it's not something I'd seek out.What is nice, if it matters to you, is the atmosphere.  It's quite sterile and borning, which makes sense considering it's in a strip mall in Chandler, but there are plenty of good Indian places that are in dive environs, so a sterile, suburban-feeling place is a nice upgrade at times.
2	Hi.. I am a south indian and this place is awful. They serve too slow and food is bad. Price is ok but you can get better food at the same price.  My serious suggestion is not to try this place. Have a nice day.Thanks.
5	First place that has tempted me to write a review. A.M.A.Z.I.N.G ! South Indian vegetarian food - we went for the buffet - only time I've felt everything I tried tasted great. Visit AZ just to eat here!
5	We had a really nice dinner here.  The staff was super friendly, the food was excellent and the prices were reasonable.  Our food came out quickly, and the restaurant was clean.  The staff answered our questions and were courteous. We had the Vege Curry, and the Curry with Okra.  We also tried a very cool looking triangular dosai.  It was our first time trying dosai and I think it was the best meal of the night, though the others were quite yummy.
4	Great buffet! One dosa per person is included in the buffet, although if you are a new comer there, no one will tell you. You have to ask the wait staff for a dosa. The staff was attentive and nice. Food was great with 4 options for dessert and freshly prepared food was coming in from the kitchen every few hours. The coconut chutney is great!
4	This was our first time here and we really enjoyed it! There were many things on the menu that we had never tried before and we liked that. We basically asked the staff what they recommended and ordered that. I asked for mine "hot" and it was at the most medium in spice. I have found that people don't usually take me seriously the first time I dine somewhere and request "hot". That was a bummer for sure. But the flavors were great. We had the mini idlies and loved the different chutneys for dipping. We also enjoyed the vegetable pakoda which was done very well here. Probably the best I've had. For an entrees, we had the masala dosa which was really good! Very different, to me, as I've not had it before. I had the chole batura which was excellent. The portions are huge and easily made for leftovers and for enough to shared. I will definitely come back to try some different things. The menu is very extensive and prices were really good.
1	Vegetarian only buffet. Very slow at replenishing their buffet line even though they only had a few dishes.
3	I enjoy coming here for lunch occasionally.  I like Indian buffets (unlike Chinese buffets, which I abhor!) because of the variety of ingredients and dishes I get to sample that I otherwise may not order if it was a-la-carte.  This place specializes in Vegeterian Indian food (a very typical thing) and I've had some interesting meal combinations here... lots of legumes, leafy greens, curries, all mixed in with vegetables and occasionally tofu.  Nothing has really ever stood out with the food, but it has never been a bad experience.The facilities are another story.  I was there recently when they ran out of TP in the lady's bathroom (I actually checked before using THANKFULLY!!).  I alerted the girl that works the front desk and she was completely useless... she said she'd refill it and it never was refilled.  When I asked her again (after holding my bladder throughout my meal) she said they were completely out (really? how are you OUT of TP?? who manages inventory for this place?).  I can only imagine that if someday they were out of hand-soap, they'd handle it the same way.... which means your cooks could be making your food with dirty hands.  GRODY!
5	If you are a vegetarian, you MUST eat here. Their Indian food is amazing. Also, I took someone from work here that is really big on beef and always having to have meat, and they still liked this place. You won't even miss the meat. SERIOUSLYAlso their SERVICE is the best
1	Been here many times but has always been disappointing. Of late the quality is becoming worse. They are just well situated near Intel, home of mini India
4	True - they don't serve meat. True - the lunch buffet is reasonably priced and darn good. Have eaten here several times. Dishes change everytime I have been. Not a huge selection, but I left full and quite happy.Noticed a bunch of comments on the service. My experience has been that the service is fine. I would not call it stunning, but it is lunch buffet after all. My needs were fairly low - water and some bread. The servers have always been helpful in explaining what everything is when I have asked. N*joy
1	Congratulations, Cafe Krishna. You're the first place I've ever given a 1-star rating. I'm a vegetarian an I was fully aware that it only serves vegetarian food, so the low rating has nothing to do with being a disappointed meat-eater.My husband and I ate here for dinner. We were the only people in the restaurant when we ordered and it took 30 minutes for our food to arrive at the table. Somehow, my food was luke warm. Speaking of luke warm, the water I was given to drink was warm tap water with no ice. I can handle drinking tap water, but yeesh, throw some ice in it.When we were finished eating, we waited for the check. And waited. I then asked for the check, and the person said they'd be right back with it. They never came. So we waited. And waited. Finally someone brought us our check.In total we were there for an hour and a half, most of the time just sitting there waiting for one thing or another. The food itself was meh. Nothing spectacular really. I've eaten at plenty of places with terrible service when the food is good enough to balance it out. Definitely not the case here.I might come back someday and try the buffet, but I'll never be back there for dinner.
2	Went here today based on yelp reviews.Was nice and  clean/roomy inside.This is a vegetarian place with no meat on the menu.  Sounded right up my alley. I ordered curry vegetables. It was pretty good but the portions were very small.Waiters were not good. Took over 30 min for food to arrive with literally no one else there. Took over 45 min!! to get the check after we were done despite asking for the check multiple times.They serve warm tap water with no ice or lemons.Overall considering how expensive it was and the fact that its only a block away from my favorite indian place (woodlands) I will not be back
3	Good south Indian food. Chass is good to cool off ! Evenings are not the best time to go. Takes a lot of time to get the food.
4	Great vegetarian place! I had the uthappam with vadai curry and the okra curry. It was delicious and especially the vadai curry and it was just the right amount of spice and tasted what I believe to be coconut milk. I really don't like okra but the okra was edible with some garlic naan. I kind of laughed when I saw Chinese options on the menu...I guess only north Indians do this but really should remove it from their menu. The service was okay as the guy keeps forgetting to bring some items...no biggie. The place itself is nice and the price was low for an Indian place..even at dinner time...so I say this is a must try. You know it will be good when you see Indian ppl eating there too.
1	i dont know if the management changed again?  the place smells of cleaning supply when you enter. the buffet is horrible. its almost like the dishes are fightng for the worst tasting food competition.
1	Fail!After having an okay dinner on a Sunday night, we ordered dessert here. There was an all new wait staff and they kept changing the music from Indian to Korean. My husband ordered the dessert called Ras Malai. He started to eat it and then it kept tasting worse and worse to him. I tried it and I threw up in my napkin. It was awful! When I called the waiter over to tell him that the Ras Malai had gone bad he said that "I thought that it looked a little iffy, but brought it out anyway." WTF!!!!! Even our kid had taken a bite when we first got it. Husband spent the night in the bathroom to say the least. What a bloody awful experience here. I am really questioning the freshness of ALL foods here now. Yuck!
5	Their recommendation of Paneer Tika Masala was fabulous!!! Nice portion, its not too big.
1	Cafe Krishna has always been a regular destination for me. Along with the food the staff was very friendly. Now, all the old staff has gone and the new staff - as hard as they are trying - it isn't working. The food is not what it use to be. I hope to come by again and see that they have found their lost spark. Cold food, hard idli, watery sambar & chutney.
4	used to love their thaali. could use a better air-freshner.
2	CLOSED - Sadly Cafe Krishna's service went down hill in the last few months and they have now closed.  Hopefully the replacement will be as good as Krishna was before the change in staff.
2	When the same place has Punjabi, Gujarati and South Indian dishes, you cannot avoid doubting authenticity. From the place and people it looked more like South Indian place so I ordered dosa to be safe. And it was OK like I expected. But my friends ordered Punjabi and Chaat and they are extremely disappointed.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =So sad to see this excellent restaurant close!  It was veggie only but the food was so good you didn't even miss having meat!     :-O
