5	Great service.  Good quality food.  Will become a regular here!
5	I brought my family to Oggi for lunch to celebrate my sister's birthday.  We each got something different to try and it was all fantastic (Lasagna, Agnolotti, and Penne Napoli).  Everything was light and very fresh tasting.  We had the Calamari for the appetizer, which was delicious.  The server was very attentive and friendly.  Always made sure our drinks were full and everything was tasting great.  The tiramisu was to-die-for!  Best I have ever had.  My family is 1/2 italian and it has been a long time since we have enjoyed a great italian meal out.  I will be a regular here and would recommend this place to everyone!
5	AMAZING new little place.  I wasn't sure what to expect, and WOW was I surpised.  The food was SO fresh, staff so attending, and THE best Tiramisu I've ever had.  A new favorite!!!!!
5	I went to Oggi with my daughter on a Friday night and it was a wonderful experience. The restaurant was intimate and cozy, the waiters were attentive and the food was delicious. I really appreciated the freshness of the food, and that it was not salty. We enjoyed the appetizers, main course and dessert immensely. The owner greeted us warmly and made us feel welcome. I recommend this restaurant highly and look forward to returning in the near future.
5	The best pasta I have had in Charlotte,  made fresh every day. The crab ravioli were out of the world. It was also refreshing to have great service for a change here in Charlotte.  Wine list was simple with some good values.  A plus will be going back soon.
3	Hate to rain on anyone's parade here but the food at best is just average.  Called ahead to reserve table for anniversary party - then emailed to see if we could bring in our own wine.   They responded that we could bring in outside wine for $15 corkage fee which is a little high but we had a special bottle for the occasion so agreed.  We were seated promptly but as soon as the restaurant began to fill up, it was apparent the there were just too many tables in the space.  Felt cramped and little privacy for our conversation.  Split a house salad which was not crisp and fresh.  Lettuce had begun to soften.  Appetizer of calamari and zucchini was very.  Ordered 2 specials and lasagna.  Disappointed with lasagna - absolutely no flavor, dull marinara sauce - the entire dish was just bland.  Chicken special was very good and salmon special with blood orange sauce was also very good.  Our waiter went MIA right after salads were delivered.  Never once checked on our entrees.  Getting back to the interior ambiance - this space misses it by placing very tall centerpieces so that you can not see the person across from you.  This could be improved greatly by replacing the centerpiece with candles.  Was disappointed after letting management know it was a special occasion that they never recognized it - a small dessert for the anniversary couple would have been a nice touch.All in all, this restaurant did not impress me like it has other Yelpers.  Maybe I am just spoiled by Riccio's.  Sorry Rick - we went to the dark side but we are back!  Riccio's rules!
4	Took my wife there based on a Yelp review. We had a nice dinner for two. Everything was fresh and tasty. We split the a la carte salad. It was on the high end of moderately priced.
4	First time...lunch, about 10 days ago.  Really great food.  Everything is made from scratch, including pasta.  Flavors galore!Wife had lasagna, but not what we expected.  They make it with bolanese meat sauce, the tomato sauce loaded with the rich, cream added meat.  Absolutely delicious.  We ate it all with great zeal and comment.I had the linguini with mussels in fradiablo sauce.  Outstanding in every respect.  About a dozen mussels, I did not actually count they, but it was lotsa dem.  The sauce was spicy, but pleasantly so.  Lips mildly burning and so with back of throat.  Flavorful and so good that I was using my spoon to take up the rest of the sauce and then wiped it clean with a piece of bread.  Would have licked it, but accomplished the same, as a true gentle man with "bread for sopping."Side salad was a work of art with mixed greens, olives and very thinly sliced red onion.  Dressing was a citrus vinaigrette, so mild that I added some olive oil, but that is just me.  It truly was wonderful.Service a bit slow, but being open only 10 weeks allowed me to excuse them.  It is the best Italian we have had on Charlotte.  Will be going back for dinner.  Red and black decor was classy and comfortable.Great date place.Excellent and a candidate with high potential for five stars.
4	Talked others into joining us for a dinner party of six.  Went early, as there was a well-deserved gushy review in a Charlotte paper and we wanted to avoid the curious crowd.  Oggi was packed with every seat taken by 6pm.  They were in a bind as for all nights to happen, their bus staff did not show up.  Undaunted, two of the owners joined the two wait people to clear tables and deliver orders.I could not resist the lasagna and three others followed my lead.  Folks, this is the best ever, with Bolognese meat sauce rather than the more common cheese and tomato sauce.  It is a "log" of pure pleasure. If you can eat it all, bravo.  If not, take it home for a wonderful lunch the next day.The gnochhi was as it should be:  doughy and still with a slight bite, not over cooked and mushy.  Their vodka sauce is not my favorite, so suggest their wonderfully spicy arrabiata or the marinara sauces.  the vodka sauce needs some punching up.The ravioli pillows were plumply stuffed with ricotta cheese and some mix of herbs.  Very delicious and available as a children's dinner if your grandchildren or children like something with flavor.Bread kept coming and we did go through a couple of bottles of wine.  Their wine list is simple but adequate and not overly priced.  And if you have any left in the bottle, we can re-cork it and take it home to go with your to-be-eaten lasagna or ravioli.Kudos to the exhausted wait staff and bussers.  They came through in spite of the bus staff which should be fired whenever they return to try working.A very nice restaurant and waitstaff.  Come early or come late if you want to do more than eat and run.  Worth the trip.
5	Oggi's owner, Eloy Roy, is not new to the restaurant business and it shows.The food is about the BEST Italian food that you can find in Charlotte.There is something here for every taste. I've been to Oggi's a few times and have never had anything but a GREAT meal. Everything is super fresh and homemade.You just know that Eloy loves what he's doing in the kitchen because every dish is made with that love..Ezra,is host and he certainly makes you feel at home.The service is incredible. Roger was our server tonight and he is the consummatepro.So, if you want GREAT Italian food Oggi's is THE place to go.Reservations are a must. The word is out about this treasure.
2	This was our first visit to this restaurant and highly anticipated based on the review by Charles Jenkins.  This is also my first review of a restaurant because I was so insulted by our server.  It is also the first time in my long life of over sixty years that I have not tipped one cent to a server.  When asked about our beverage choices I ordered a glass of wine and my husband asked me if he could have a sip because he rarely drinks.  Before I could respond, our server told my husband that he should probably order his own wine because I didn't look like a person who would share.  His remark set the tone for a terrible experience within minutes of our seating. The food?  Rather hard to evaluate when you are upset upon ordering a glass of wine.  My message is to train your servers to use some judgment.  Please give this restaurant a chance.  I am sure the management will make this right.
5	This was my second visit to Oggi and I was delighted yet again. Our food was delicious!!  My husband had a pasta in some sort of vodka sauce and it was fantastic!!  Our appetizers were great and everything tasted authentic, fresh and not at all salty. This is good food....you won't be disappointed.
4	Yet another venture into Oggi, our now favorite Italian restaurant in the Charlotte area.  Really, really good.The Bocconccino appetizer was tremendous with mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, pesto and marinara.  Penne Vodka with shrimp was OK.  Could have been more flavorful.  Pollo Rosa Verde with roast peppers, artichoke hearts and port wine was excellent.And, of course, the lasagna with bolognaise sauce is out-of-this world.
5	Oggi was fantastic! Not only was the food delicious, the service was fantastic as well. I was torn between the crab ravioli with lobster cream sauce and the chef's special ravioli, which was a portobello mushroom in Gorgonzola Alfredo sauce. Based on the waiter's recommendation I went with the special because he said it was some of the best ravioli he'd had. He was right. It was so so good. No really. It was great. The ravioli filling was perfectly balanced; the mushroom didn't overwhelm the filling like many mushroom ravioli dishes I've tried. The best part- when he brought out my meal he also brought me one of the crab ravioli to try. It was such a thoughtful gesture and earned him a great tip. (The crab ravioli dish was good too, but not as good as the one I ordered) I can't wait to come back to Charlotte so I can go back for dinner again!
2	Overall dining experience was good. Service, even though we chose an outdoor table, was terrific. Food was good not great. Marinara sauce was thin and bland. Veal parm was overcooked and the accompanying pasta was way too al dente. Will likely give it another try because the staff was so nice. In the meantime I am heading back to Portofinos.
4	First time here. The food is very good. We had the calamari, bread, chicken Parmesan and veal Parmesan. Only complaint is the seats were hard.
5	Tonite was our first time eating at Oggi's. Wow! Just wow! We had reservations for 6:00. We got there a few minutes early & were promptly seated. All of the wait staff seemed really attentive to all the tables. Maria was our server. She was so friendly and professional. (Thanks, Maria, for a wonderful dining experience!) Now for the food: Oh the food! We had the Bocconcini for an appetizer. Absolutely yummy! My husband had the Fettucine Carbonara & I had the Agnolotti for entrees. Both dishes were delicious. And for dessert we had their cannolis. We were not disappointed. Perfectly satisfied the sweet tooth!We saw 1 or 2 negative comments about the hard seats, in previous posts. But my husband said--and he is VERY critical about dining experiences--that he would've sat on a 5 gallon bucket with a TV tray to have their food again! It really was that good! We will be back!
1	I'm really suprirsed by any good reviewes here.  I've been twice as I had a gift certificate.The first time we had a 7pm reservation, and weren't seated for 45 minutes after.  The hostes(who I believe was the owner's wife told another customer "Oh Well" who had a reservation after they said they won't come back.The food is decent, but very overpriced for the atmosphere and location.  The service wasn't very good.The second time was better, but very noisy.
4	Our neighborhood Dog Mafia (to be in the club, a dog is a plus) celebrates the birthdays of our members each month.  SO... off to Oggi's we go for our July outing.  WHAT A WONDERFUL TIME WE HAD.  We had a reservation at a table that was wheelchair friendly. We were promptly greeted by Eric, aka, best waiter EVER!  Our appetizers were hot and very tasty.  Everyone was pleased with their entree selection.  I had the "light" veal dish.  I'm thinking it wasn't Weightwatcher approved but the flavor was worth the extra exercise I did this morning. The pasta side was also delicious.  My veal was prepared with portabella mushrooms and they did a wonderful job preparing them as well.  Can't wait to go back!  But I will definitely make a reservation.  That place fills up quick.
4	Not busy on Sunday, we're the only ones here!  A/C not working when we came in but they turned it on after finding out it had been repaired.  The bread (ciabatta) bread is delicious! It was soft and soaked up the oil & vinegar perfectly.They brought out a complimentary appetizer (possibly due to the AC), a risotto mozzarella fried ball on an incredible sauce.   I tried the black linguini and shrimp, wife (vegetarian) tried the spinach and ricotta ravioli.  The freshness, textures, and flavor profiles (how well they work together) were just right.
5	Good food, good service, nice selection of food... what more can one ask for? Didn't try the desserts, but they sounded yummy. There were four of us and each of us enjoyed our meal immensely. Will definitely be back.
3	Good apps. Great salads. Wonderful entrees. Decent wine list. Spectacular service. And for some bizarre reason they have two TV's mounted on the walls that were tuned to ESPN sport center with the volume muted. So where am I? Am I in a sports bar or am I in a fine dining restaurant?There was muzak playing. Lame, lame ass muzak. Annoying tedious muzak.And why am I sitting on a board? A board that never becomes less hard as time passes. No, really, they have you sit on a board.
2	Atmosphere is strange, 2 large tv's and uncomfortable seating.There were 5 of us and we were sat four in a booth and 1 person at an extra table added to the end of booth.Food : gnocchi are not homemade, taste frozen.  We were told the  flat pastas were made in house, not so.  Linguini was definitely out of box, which is fine, unless expecting homemade.  Fettuccine was house made and very good.  The chicken piccata was decent, but not great.  Overall food was average and not worth the prices. The service was terribly slow.  Dirty dishes sat forever, no refills on drinks, just a real disappointment.
3	I have only ordered takeout from Oggi.  The food was good, but overpriced for the portion size.  The cannoli were not homemade; they tasted like the ones you can get at a grocery store.  They may have put the filling in the shells, but the shells were pre-made.  The crab meat ravioli was good but the eggplant in the eggplant and mozzarella appetizer were too tough.  The people working were very nice.  Sanitation grade was relatively low at 90.5.  I'll go back to eat in and see if it's a little better.
5	We are new in town and wanted to give this place a try after seeing the good reviews and liked that they are open late. We were not disappointed.  Very nice restaurant with upscale feel and a great menu with reasonable prices.  The food was incredible and was complimented with excellent service from our waiter, Roger. So many good choices on the menu that it will be fun coming back and trying more. We will be regulars.
4	I had a very nice meal at this establishment.  The entire staff really cared that our table had a good dining experience.  The manager visited our table shortly after the food was delivered (I really like to see this), followed by the waiter.  Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal.  Pasta was cooked to perfection.  The restaurant is small so arrive before the dinner rush.  Gets a bit noisy as the place fills up.
3	I went back last night for dinner because it was so delicious the last time I went. After a bit of a wait at the deserted host stand I was asked if I wanted to sit and eat some dinner by the hostess. (Generally, when coming to a restaurant, that is the goal.) I was seated outside in a surprisingly comfy patio chair. My waiter put down a napkin underneath the utensils and bread plate so that there were no drips or dirt getting on the plate. Genius! I wish more places thought of that.I ordered the Linguine Frutti de Mare with the white clam sauce. I was quite excited because it had a nice variety of seafood and homemade black linguine. Unfortunately it didn't live up to my excitement or the previous meal I ate at Oggi. The linguine was heaped into a pile in the middle of the plate with the clams and mussels around the edge. The pasta itself was a little bland and seemed quite thin for linguine. I always expect that black pasta is made with squid ink so it tends to have a nice subtle ocean-y flavor, but this may not have been. The seafood was adequately cooked but they went a little heavy on the calamari. I realize squid is relatively inexpensive compared to other seafood products, but I didn't need enough calamari for an app sitting on top of my pasta. The sauce was, at best, meh. It severely lacked seasoning. I had to ask for some Parmesan and mix in the herb garnish to help give the dish some flavor. It was mostly unsuccessful.My waiter was very attentive which is what is saving this from a 2 star review. He refilled my water several times, which is a huge plus in my book. I almost always only drink water when I go out to dinner and I have to nearly beg for a refill. I'm not cheap; I just really like water and don't really like to drink soda often! He seemed equally attentive of all of his tables and not just this solo diner. All in all, I think some of the food quality has slipped and I think the patrons have noticed. There was only one table seated inside and 4 outside. I'm not sure if I'll be back on my next trip to the QC. It's a shame because it was so tasty last time!
3	Food was tasty and excellent Service was slowA couple of our dishes were wrong Very noisy environment Limited wine selection
3	After making reservations, we arrived and were seated immediately. Having never been I was surprised that almost every table was full. Great atmosphere, however, the tables are very crammed and it is a very loud environment causing us to have to almost yell to hear one another. The other strange thing I noticed was two large TVs, playing sports. This restaurant does not have a bar and seems a little nicer for TVs. We started with the special salmon carpaccio, very disappointed. It was topped with olive oil and chopped peppers, which were too spicy, almost Mexican peppers, losing the salmon taste. We ordered the crab ravioli, although homemade the dough was a little raw, and the chicken piccata which was delivious, however the broccoli side was raw and the sweet potato mags was cold. Overall the service was good, our waitress was not as attentive as another waitress and the bus boy. I would also say the wine by the glass list is very limited. Overall, it was okay, but I expected more based on the waitress stated the pasta was made fresh and we made great selections.
4	Some of the things I find in reviews.... Must be written by the same princess who slept on the pea!We stopped in tonight with no prior knowledge about Oggi. Knew it was here, saw it while scouting for a place to dine, and we're so glad we stopped!From the outside, you wouldn't expect "nice Italian restaurant", but it is indeed!Great menu, superior service, very well prepared food, good wine list... those things (to me) mean four stars!Yes, I heard Italian vocal music, and yes there are two TVs w/sports tuned in, and I haven't a clue what I sat on while I ate. But I DO know, I'll be back!
3	I thought it was a good place for lunch. Would appreciate more selections.
4	I had such a lovely meal at OGGI yesterday with my sister. Great menu and service with a few complementary amuse-bouches from the Chef. The pasta is made fresh, daily from scratch! I tried  the penne alla amatriciana and mussels, and would recommend both. The ambiance is very similar to Miro's (Spanish tapas) - dark, tasteful, cozy and inviting. Two critiques. 1) I hate seeing veal on a menu and would love to see it go. 2) A dash more seasoning would take the dishes up to perfection. Looking forward to going back, especially during the holidays.
5	All I can say is our dining experience was wonderful. We felt as if we were being cooked for personally. The wait staff was awesome. The food out of this world. This is a must stop if you want authentic Italian food.
2	Since my last review of Oggi, in October, I have dined twice at the request of others.  And, both times the food continues to disappoint.  This past Friday we arrived shortly after 7 and received a table immediately, luckily before a line started.  A line, yes, still amazes me based on the food.  The host was very friendly and our waiter arrived, took our drink order and went over the specials.  We started with the calamari and zucchini which was breadly perfectly and served with a light marinara sauce that was great!  I chose the trout almondine for my entree, which was one of the specials, which we were not told the price, and realized later it was $25..so not worth it.  The trout was covered in a lemon white wine sauce and almonds, which left no room to taste the trout. Very disappointing for a special. We also ordered the muchroom risotta, which was too stickey for risotta and the mushrooms did not seem fresh.  Risotta should be creamy..this was so not.For a restaurant that prides themselves on freshness and flavor, I am truly disappointed. And, I think this was my last shot at Oggi, too many other Italian restaurants in Charlotte I would like to enjoy, and spend my money at.
5	Coupon for a free kids meal with any adult entree during the month of March 2014 at the end of the blog! MomAboutCharlotte.comI'm an Italian girl (don't let the red hair fool you), and since I've moved from Upstate New York I've been on the hunt for amazing Italian food like we had at home. My search had been full of meh marianaras and not as good as my Aunt Regina's meatballs.We were invited to dine at Oggi in Ballantyne for the 'Mommy's Favorite Thing to Make for Dinner is Reservations' blog series. BEHOLD, the Italian cuisine hole in my soul was filled with fresh made pasta, to-die-for calamari, and one exquisitely tasty meatball! We had the two tots in tow and they were happily greeted with a basket filled with crayons, coloring sheets and fresh made Italian bread with butter. If my daughter had three wishes, the first would be to live on a diet of Italian bread and butter. So she was happy at the get go.Our waiter explained that Oggi means "today" in Italian and that they chose that name because everything from the sauces, to the pastas, to the bread and desserts are made fresh at Oggi each day - from scratch. The veggies and fresh ingredients are purchased from local growers. We began our meal with two appetizers. First was the boconccino emiliana which were lightly fried croquettes made of risotto and filled with a decadent mozzarella, pesto, sundried tomatoes and presented on marinara sauce - de-lish. The second was the calamari & zucchini croccanti which was slightly spicy, and hands down the best calamari I've ever had. I made the mistake of taking our daughter to the bathroom while we were enjoying the appetizers and when I came back the remaining calamari had quickly vanished into my husbands stomach. Well played Jim, well played.We requested that Eloy, the owner and chef, choose the entrees for us and he was spot on with his decision. Eloy selected the crab meat ravioli served in creamy lobster sauce for me - and oh my. The ravioli were like pillows, light and savory - it's like he knew I am a huge seafood fan. They were unlike any of the dense cheese filled ravioli I've tasted before in other restaurants. This dish has firmly planted itself on my 'must try again' list.On our way to the restaurant I started telling S about where we were going and asked her if she could think of any foods that she had eaten that were Italian. She paused for a moment and said, "Um.. well, yea - a latte." Which left Jim and I in stitches as he asked her "When have you ever had a latte?!" She hadn't, but we all giggled and began talking about her Italian heritage and all the things we thought were going to be on the menu when we arrived.S's favorite Italian dish is fettuccine alfredo, and score, they offered this and many more choices on their children's menu. S told me it was her new favorite fettuccine alfredo place to go. She gave Oggi two glitter nail polished thumbs up.Our son loves marinanra, ravioli and meatballs. He inhaled his portion, exclaiming 'MMMMmm!' He's getting to be such a little person with opinions he wants to share with the rest of us at 19 months old. The restaurant was somewhat quiet because of the time we arrived (5PM on a Monday), so I was a little nervous our LOUD son was going to interrupt other people's meals with his outbursts of excitement or dislike. Luckily the restaurant began to fill as we ate and our kid's voices fell into the background of other diners talking and enjoying their meals.Then came dessert, which was a decadent cheese flan with fresh made gelato, drizzled with caramel happiness. I couldn't think of a more delicious way to end our meal. The kids simply inhaled it as we 'shared' and I savored each bite I was able to sneak. If you go - save room for dessert - you can thank me later. The ambiance home-style casual but posh enough for date nights and MNO's, and the prices are quite reasonable ($15-$20 for most entrees) - especially for the homemade, fresh, quality and quantity of the food.The only down side to our experience was the lack of a changing table in the bathrooms, something I was told the owner is looking into adding soon. The entire restaurant was clean, trendy and the taste of the food made it an absolute Italian Gem in Ballantyne. I highly recommend trying out this little slice of Italy.Jim's take on Oggi:Oggi is a top notch Italian restaurant.  All of the food is prepared fresh daily, and it really shows in the quality of the food.  Everything I tried was excellent.  I could have left happy after the fresh Italian bread and the Calamari & Zucchini Croccanti appetizer (fried calamari and zucchini with a spicy marinara sauce).  Fortunately we didn't, because then I got to experience the rich, delicious Pollo Marsala, featuring a tender chicken breast, sliced Portobello mushrooms, and linguine tossed with fresh garlic.
5	Wish I lived here! food was delicious and service was perfect. Had calamari app ,  crab ravioli and eggplant parm with chocolate lava cake. Perfect portion s and perfect service must visit if your in ballantyne!
5	If you are looking for homemade pasta, a small intimate restaurant, and terrific italian food this place is for you. I don't feel service is slow as they are trying to give you a relaxed environment in which to have dinner. Not a lot of tables and we waited about 15 minutes at 8:30pm on a Saturday night. The fettuccine carbonara was rich and decadent and a perfect 10. The Bocconcino risotto balls were a wonderful appetizer with homemade marinara sauce. Wife had the chicken marsala and it was a large portion and delicious. The house wine is $24 a bottle and it changes. Go for it.
5	My husband and I had dinner at Oggi last night.So impressed.Appetizer was awesome( risotto) based. We had Lasagna and Penne Vodka. Both were very good. We added a little spice, because we like on the hot side.The desert,a flan with caramel sauce was the best!!!All the staff were so accommodating. They now have a liquor license so we had martinis, as well.That is one of the reasons we had not visited for dinner in the past.Can't wait to return!!
5	First time here for lunch at OGGI and man was I surprised! If you want a good pasta dish for a reasonable amount of money this is the place to go! I had the Agnolotti Alla Panna and although it looked like it wasn't going to fill me up boy was I wrong. Looks can definitely be deceiving! And remember OGGI is not only pasta they have sandwiches, panini, and more. I would definitely go again and I would definitely bring a girl here, it was great.
4	I must say that I was pleasantly surprised at how great the food and service was at OGGI.  Me and a couple of girlfriends decided to eat lunch here and had heard good things about the food so we were excited to try a new place.  We were greeted by the waiter who sat us immediately and offered us water as we made our selection.  We told him we had never been here before so could he give us a few minutes and he graciously did so.  He asked if we had any questions and helped us make our selections.  We ordered the bruschetta for an appetizer and it was wonderful.  I love their bread, not the typical garlic and oil dipping kind of bread or breadsticks but wonderful rustic bread.  When our meals arrived they were steaming hot, an indication that they were fresh.  One of the meals was a little to spicy and he quickly whisked it away and brought another shortly afterwards.  He explained that sometimes using the fresh garlic can give it a stronger spice and the second dish was much better.  I did taste the dish and would have been satisfied with the first one which goes to show how each of us prefer our dishes.  All in all the serving sizes were fantastic, service was outstanding and very pleasant and the atmosphere was very enjoyable.  We spoke with the waited about the history and was surprised to learn each dish is made from scratch per order.  So if there is a little bit longer wait for the meal that is why.  But then again when I go to a nice restaurant I hate to be rushed or have the meal come out while I am still eating my appetizer of salad.  I truly look forward to my return visits.
5	I'm from NYC.  I know Italian food.  There isn't much in the way of real Italian in Charlotte. That's why I wasn't too hopeful about Oggi's.  I was very pleasantly surprised.The hostess was pleasant, knew what she was doing and didn't have an attitude.  This was a nice change from the usual teenager in a tight outfit without a clue.  The wait staff were attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and the wines.  And, the food was terrific!  We had chicken in a port wine reduction with figs and the lobster special.  The deserts were wonderful, although the coffee was weak.Is everything perfect?  No, but this a little unpretentious place in a strip mall.  For a neighborhood place, this one is a winner.   A wonderful meal with great service by pleasant staff, and at a reasonable price.  Who knew this was obtainable in South Charlotte?  We have been searching for a new neighborhood place since giving up on our old one (see my other reviews).  This is definitely our new favorite.
5	My husband is a chef & it is unbearably difficult to go out to eat while pleasing him and our kids all at once.  We took him here for his birthday this week and it was fantastic!  I had the skirt steak which is prepared in an Argentinian style... The chef is from Argentina and wow... It was really good. My husband had a special that included mussels and a lobster tail over linguine.  He really enjoyed it.  Best of all my daughter (17yrs) had a veal dish with portobello mushrooms and ate every bite.  My 9 year old eats like a bird but they make chicken fingers & French fries for kids like him lol... The very, very best part though was the service.  Eric served us & he was so nice, funny, attentive.  He made dinner a fun time.  He gave my son a voided duplicate bill to sign in cursive.  It was really cute... My son thinks he paid for dinner :-)I do wish this was a slightly more casual restaurant.  It's a bit fancy for eating out often... Which we do! But incredibly great!
5	Love this restaurant. It is a treat to have fresh made pasta closer to home.  Meat tastes fresh, too. Don't know if they grind their own ground beef, but the nest in my lasagna and in my dons meatballs was so fresh, I'd be surprised if it was not fresh.My husband had the crab ravioli, it was delicious and decadent. A must if you love seafood. Meals are mostly a la carte, so soup or salad will be extra, but 2 or 3 can share a salad as it's so big.  I like a salad, so next time I'll split it. We didn't order appetizers.Server was Eric and he was awesome. He recommended 2 of the entrees and they were tasty and exceeded our expectations. We had lots of lasagna and spaghetti with a meatball left over. Eric boxed our leftovers up and gave us more spaghetti, sauce, and another meatball to go.  Cannot wait to go here again. Highly recommend to others.
4	See what happens when it's busy, the service slows. Additionally, the bruschetta  was burned and nobody asked how our food tasted.  Our entrees were delish! I got the lasagna, tasty sauce and fresh pasta. My husband got the penne vodka with shrimp and ate it all. My son got the best ever chicken parm. My son and I got leftovers packed up to go. We will come again, but not at prime time. We came around 5:30 before and service was better.
4	We went there for lunch and sat outside. The food was delish, but the service wasn't that great. They brought out the wrong food and walked away and took forever to come back to check on us. When they finally did, they replaced the food and didn't apologize. It's no biggie, but I hope they remember at least three things to keep in mind going forward.....service, food and atmosphere! I feel if you master that, you've beat the odds and the restaurant will actually survive!
5	My boyfriend and I have been trying somewhere new weekly since we've moved to Charlotte.  We chose this place as this week's date night since I love italian food. I usually make my own pasta and ravioli at home but this was fantastic homemade italian fare with a great, casual yet upscale atmosphere. I'd definitely go back!
5	Oggi was great. We dont typically eat Italian out so we were impressed by the menu and the freshness of the food. The service was some of the best I have had, Roger was great! Great wine and cocktails too.
3	I'm torn with my 3 star review fellow Yelpers.  I really am and almost feel badly about it.  But, no....I'm not changing it.  I showed up at around 6:00 on a Friday night and it was close to 9:00 leaving.  When the 7 of us arrived, I must say I was impressed.  We were promptly greeted and sat by who I think was the owners son.  They brought us drinks and after looking at the menu I kept kicking myself for not having been here sooner.  The waiter told us how the pasta was mostly handmade by he and his dad that day.  He described the pasta making process perfectly and as a self proclaimed foodie I was impressed.  We started with the calamari and zucchini appetizer and it was very good.  Perfectly breaded and seasoned served with a light marinara for dipping, yum.  Things are going nicely!  I ordered the black linguini frutti di mare and they made the red sauce fra diavolo.  The homemade linguine was perfect, just a touch of squid ink and the "di mare" was wonderful, calamari, shrimp, mussels, clams OMG I was in heaven.  I would of ordered dessert but here's what the problem was.  I didn't have time, I was already there for 3 hours.SLOW & INATTENTENTIVE SERVICE from the salad on.  We waited what seemed like forever for everything.  We didn't get drink refills unless we asked twice, the time between courses was crazy.  It's not a big place and they seemingly had enough servers but they were the biggest group of lollygaggers I have ever encountered.  So much so that the awesome food was way overshadowed by the slow service.  The waiters would have 10 minute conversations with some tables, I counted.  We asked for the check and had to get up and interrupt the server from BS'ng with a table.  Even then he grabbed a water pitcher before going to the back to get our check.  He certainly wouldn't come by to refill our drinks during the meal.  Someone said in another review that they try to provide a relaxing dining experience and the service is not slow.......malarkey, I say.  These servers and kitchen need to pick up the pace, plain and simple.  Bottom line.  I really liked the food, really.  I may go back....but it will be lunchtime on like a Monday.  Roll credits.
4	I was teetering  between 3 or 4 stars.  The bread and olive oil were incredible.  However the chicken parmigiana was very thin and came out overcooked and dry.  When we wanted to tell our waiter he was nowhere to be found as it got really busy so we asked another waiter to bring more marinara sauce to make it more juicy.  No luck.  Still dry after adding sauce. Everything was flavored perfectly (not too salty)...just overcooked.  Our waiter when he finally returned (think he's the owner's son) comped the chicken and asked us to come back again for another try.  That was the right thing to do and we will be back.
3	I have enjoyed Oggi's since they first opened at least 6-7 times and have brought many friends who did not know about it here. But after tonight on a Wednesday, it may be a different venue for me. I called two nights ahead of time to request a reservation at 6:30 for 6 at the only round table they had. Thomas? took the reservation and said he would make a note of it. I got there early at 6:15 to make sure we did not lose our spot and "lo and behold" - they had just given our table away to 6 men. Oh well - but that was just the beginning. Eric, our waiter, seemed to be in a fog. He would disappear for minutes on end. Never any refills of water for the whole night. We had to flag him down to request wine, bread, a chance to order and fresh ground pepper. If it had not been for some of the other waiters, I don't think we would have ever gotten our food. After a grueling evening, we finally stepped out of the place at 8:30 pm.The food was OK (veal portobello was very heavy on garlic tonight and I like garlic). I was embarressed for having bragged on Oggi's and not receiving what we expected. (By the way, the "greeter" was nice eye candy for the guys - not sure what other function she served).
4	We loved OGGI in Miami Beach and we loved it here. The same fabulous lasagna and the pasta dishes re all top notch.The $15 lunch deal is unbeatable.. a choice of salads, any main course and cannoli or tiramisu is great and the portions are large.For some unexplainable reason.. dessert took the longest to come.. it was cannoli or tiramisu so I wonder if they were waiting for the item to come or something; he apologized twice but no dessert and then finally it arrived. Nice large pieces, with 4 mini cannolis that were great.
5	Charlotte.I have eaten at Oggi's at least a dozen times. I try something new almost every time I go and everything I have tried has been wonderful. The service is great! Lynn has waited on us several times and she is always fun, nice and and an excellent server.So far, everyone I have taken to Oggi's, has not been disappointed!
5	This was our first time to Oggi. My wife and I were taken there by friends who had dined in this establishment 3 times in recent weeks. This was their fourth. It is clear why Oggi has become their favorite spot in Charlotte. It is now ours as well. The lobster fra  diavolo, veal parmigiana, fettuccine Alfredo and lasagna were all superb! The flan was outstanding. The service was world class. The atmosphere is casual chic. This is a family run enterprise and is managed with tender loving care. We were served by a very personable yet reserved young man named Eloy. He is the son of the owner and exhibits a great passion for his work. We would recommend Oggi without hesitation and can't wait to return! It deserves every bit of 5 stars.
5	We were the couple that took an earlier reviewer here. We have now been here 4 times and can't wait to go again. The food is amazing and the prices are very reasonable. We have asked for Eloy every time. We were lucky enough to have him the first time and now he is an important part of our visit. What a classy and professional young man. Service reminds me of the professional manner in which you are served in other countries but not as often in the USA. The food is amazing. Last night I asked Eloy to bring me whatever he thought I should have that I had not tried yet. He brought lasagna. Not your mama's lasagna or for sure mine! This was the best lasagna I have ever had. Really fantastic. My wife had a special mussel appetizer that she had once before. She was in heaven again! The chicken is great, all the variations. The veal parm is to die for. The deserts.... You can go basic italian comfort food, or fancy interesting combinations not available anywhere else.The atmosphere would make you comfortable to bring a date of bring the family. Unusual to find a restaurant that can cater to both families as well as a romantic couple. It s forty minute drive for us from Huntersville. But it is one we will gladly drive just to enjoy Eloy and the food of his fantastic restaurant. Best Italian in Charlotte without the attitude or expenses. They actually treat you like they appreciate your business. Love it.
3	Teeny little place, and sat under air vent that turned me into an icicle every time it kicked on. Service was impeccable and the food had great potential - but it juuust missed the mark. A couple of appetizers were pretty tasty, but entrees fell flat. Our table was pretty high-maintenance though...so maybe we made them mad. ;)
5	Since this restaurant is across the street from my health club, I was curious about what it had to offer. I believe I had read some reviews early on that were not too complimentary. However, since it was close to where we live, we decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed.We made a reservation for 6:30 on a Friday night. We were seated immediately. Our waiter, Jose, was excellent from start to finish. My wife had the strip steak and I had the trout Livornese. Both came with linguine with oil and garlic. Both dishes were excellent. My wife and I are originally from a New York City suburb and I can only say that the oil and garlic on this pasta was the best I have ever tasted and was certainly equal to and probably better than anything we have eaten in New York City. This chef knows how to properly season dishes and it shows. Even though prices were a little on the high side for Italian food and it got a little noisy toward the end of the meal, it was well worth it.
3	Well,  I am going to go off the assumptions that most people eating here are native to North Carolina. The food is NOT bad at all. It's also not good enough to be called a restaurant, if it was a pizza place, I'd give it more stars. We had the Pasta and meatballs and flatbread and pasta with clam sauce and my mom had some minor small dish. To be quite honest,  nothing was restaurant worthy. Also,  take note,  they have No AC unit and its hot as crazy in there and has been for two months per the staff.  Anyhow, tbh don't waste your money if you are used to real food. Lorenzos does it much better but in a pizza type place.
4	As reviewers have noted food is very good.  Our Ravioli dish came out cold but was still good.   They allowed us to get the largers salads as side dishes (which were smaller) which was nice.  My biggest complaint was the small wine pour for a $10 glass of wine.   So disappointing.   Additionally, for the price of our meal approx $85 for 2 I'd like to see them use table cloth's.   They did give us a free appetizer for our Anniversary which was very nice.  Overall a nice experience.
4	The food was excellent as was the service. However it is hard to hear as the acoustics were not so good. The owner came by the table and told us it was going to be fixed in the winter.  Highly recommend this restaurant
5	Whole cow - this is the best Italian restaurant in this area. The food and service was amazing. Fresh pasta and Italian food that was better than Italy. Don't te too many people bc this is a gem that should be kept quiet...Been 3 times will go back for sure
4	Crab Ravioli and Shrimp Parm are to die for.  Also, Canolis are  homemade... Hard to find in Charlotte.
4	The food was absolutely divine. We ordered the bruschetta appetizer, house salad , I ordered the lobster ravioli and my husband ordered the special which was pumpkin ravioli. All the pasta is made in house fresh everyday. Everything was absolutely delicious and the service was impeccable .They have a full bar and excellent wine choices. Reservations are suggested the only non reserved seating they have it out on the patio. If you plan on sitting out on the patio bring a jacket or a sweater the wind between the two buildings really gets moving.
5	We have known Eloy since he was selling his home made pasta to the trade and began offering it to the public over 20 years ago in Miami.  We celebrated many milestone events in his restaurant over the years and was sad to see him move to Charlotte.  We were in Charlotte this weekend and made it Oggi and am happy to say it is better than ever.  Eloy and his family have a passion for providing great food in a family atmosphere.  The chicken parm is still the best and no one makes angel hair with garlic and oil better.  The eggplant parm and arancini were exquisite.
5	We had a take out order, the food is amazing!!!!We had the fried calamari/zucchini appetizer, great seasoned light breading , and the marinara sauce that comes with it, it's perfect! It's not your generic marinara "paste" ,  their marinara sauce is light, fresh,with a hint of lemon and not too tangy. I would say it's probably my favorite marinara sauce ever!!! We had the homemade fettuccine with fresh pesto, hmmm it feels like I'm in Italy ! The pesto is super fresh and the pasta is delicious , though I wish I had picked a cream based sauce for the fettuccine or spaghetti to go with the pesto instead,still we devoured the pasta! This is definitely one of the best Italian restaurants in Charlotte! Excellent quality of food, great service.  The food is soooo good, I still think about it hours after! I came back and got the risotto croquettes ! They're pretty tasty, but also it's a bit filling!
3	I enjoyed Oggi, we went on a Friday night and got a very last minute reservation on Yelp with no wait upon arrival. The hospitality and service was AMAZING. My husband loved the Chicken Parmasean with hand made fettuccini pasta. I created my own dish of linguini pasta, shrimp and garlic white wine sauce, I didn't love it but I will definitely be back to try a dish that is actually on the menu.
5	What a gem! It's in my backyard, and I had no idea... til I found it on the 1,000 Open Table list. The fella and I made reservations for a Wednesday at 8 pm, and I'm glad we did since the place is fairly small and was fairly packed. The atmosphere is dark and cozy, and we were warmly greeted the minute we walked in.Our waiter, Brandon, struck the tricky balance of being enthusiastic about the menu without being annoying - he was amazing! Since we didn't have much time, we skipped the awesome sounding, smelling, and looking calamari and jumped right into entrees. I got the Pollo Picatta ($19), which had delicious capers (YUM) and came with broccoli and sweet potato puree, which was a little more savory than sweet. The fella decided to go with the rigatoni - pasta special of the day ($21) - over the lasagna. It came with chicken and marinara sauce and had a great smoky taste with a little spice. We also sadly skipped the delicious-sounding chocolate mousse dessert Brandon told us about. However, between the calamari, lasagna, and dessert, we have many reasons to go back!Two entrees and three glasses of wine cost us $63, which seemed pretty reasonable. Amazing service, food, and atmosphere. Oggi, where've you been all my life?
5	I loved this restaurant!  Small and intimate. Amazing service and the food was out of this world. I had the skirt steak ...the flavor was delish and the steak melts in your mouth! The house salad was fresh and tasty. There wasn't a thing I didnt like about this best kept kept secret!
5	Have been here five or six times in the last couple of months. Mostly dine-in, and a couple of to-go orders. The food is for the most part AMAZING. Between the hubby & I we've tried stuffed pastas, the vodka, alfredo, and aglio e olio sauces, and some trout specials - all unbelievably yummy! The mussels sambuca were also delightful - sweet and fresh tasting. We were only unimpressed by the calamari and a dessert that was essentially ice-cream with caramel & jack daniels. Love that the portions are reasonable (not those giant portions at typical american restaurants) and the ingredients always taste fresh. The place is usually a little crowded for my comfort (and we've had to wait to be seated sometimes even with a reservation), but the servers are very attentive and the food is served at a  good pace. So, in our book it's worth the price and wait to dine here.
5	Still excellent 5 months later. The lunch deal is gone but $10 for a very nice serving of lasagna is still a deal.Had the flan made with marscapone for dessert and it comes with dulce de leche ice cream-/ yumm!
5	I live in the Ballantyne area and this is definitely my favorite restaurant. The food is made from scratch, so if it is not on the menu, they can make you any dish if they have the ingredients. Which is what I love the most because I'm very picky sometimes and always change something about my entree. I have been coming here for about 2 years and enjoy the food and service every time.
4	What a great find in this area! I have driven by this place 100 times but never stopped in. So glad I finally did! The place is romantic, modern and stylish.Went for dinner on a week night and was surprised at the number of people there. Once I tasted the food, I knew why!First off, the waiter was so professional and made great food recommendations. We started with the rissotto balls -- in a word -- DIVINE!Then went on to the homemade lasagna (a MUST HAVE)! The food was so great and authentic, I will be back here! The best part is that they make most of the pasta from scratch!! Very hard to find in Charlotte! Great for a romantic dinner or just when you are in the mood for some delicious pasta!
