5	No complaints here... I don't live that close to the restaurant so I've just gotten desserts here, but they come highly recommended.
2	It's one of the few places on Forbes that is open late (besides Eat 'N Park).  I used to live very nearby and came here several times in the last 2 years because it was general enough for people's tastes.  For tea, late-night hunger cravings, dinner, lunch, dessert.  It's a good place if you don't want Eat 'N Park and people in the party are picky.The food is sufficient.  Huge portions, but I wouldn't say spectacular.  The menu has a huge assortment of choices ranging from "Mexican" to sandwiches to pasta.  Here, I normally stick with what I consider safe options - club sandwiches.The desserts are great, but incredibly small and pricey.  The cheesecake with strawberries is typical and satisfied my sweet tooth at least.  The kookie monster tastes as expected, but if you're here to overindulge, this is it.Jazz on Wednesdays I believe gives the restaurant a nice ambience.  Don't expect to hold a conversation during that time however.Service can be spotty depending on the day.  There have been a few occasions where no host greeted us and we ambled in looking for a table.  There was one time where the server ignored us for 30 minutes--eventually, we left.In sum, it's a good restaurant for what it is.  I wouldn't take people here to experience what Pittsburgh is or what good food is for that matter.  But if you need to be satisfied with slightly more style than Eat 'N Park, then this is the place.
2	Quite possibly the most overrated restaurant I ever went to in Pittsburgh.  It was supposed to have some of the best desserts in town, but I am simply not impressed.  The restaurant itself is ok for the food, but nothing special.  For the price I always felt like I was a poor college student getting ripped off (mind you in retrospect as a working man now, it's not as bad), but not as much as when I got the desserts.  Many times I entertained the notion that that they sell their desserts by reputation.  And maybe the reputation made me expect higher quality desserts for those "average" finales to dinners.
1	Our experience was just plain bad.  Our meals took forever to get to us and when they finally arrived, my partner's dish was cold.  We were (eventually) able to get our waiters' attention and he took the dish away only to bring it back steaming hot from the microwave such that now the chicken was burning hot, over cooked and chewy.  We disliked our main meal so much we didn't even bother ordering deserts.The place was messy and just had a really poor atmosphere.What really made matters worse was the waiter.  You know how you can put up with a lot when the wait staff is really good?  Such was not the case at the overrated Gullifuty's.  His total attitude was negative, it was like he was doing us a favor waiting on us.  We had to continually ask for things - a spoon for the tea, extra sugar,  butter for the roll, etc...  You could tell he wanted to be anywhere but there.  After our experience, so did we.
4	Quite possibly my most favorite dessert place, ever.  I highly recommend the carrot cake.  Yummy.Also, their steak salad with the cucumber dressing...so very good.  The best steak salad ever.  This is the place I miss most about Pittsburgh.The service can be questionable as can some of their other menu items, but I never had a bad meal with a steak salad and carrot cake.
1	One word: Ugh.I was recently convinced by friends to try this place for dessert...Always being one to give dessert a chance, I decided to join them. The waitress claimed The Bomb was the best dessert on the menu, so I gave it a shot. The plate arrived with an inch of cake and about 4 inches of some kind mousse.... hence, the bomb? That giant chocolate mess definitely bombed in my book. I also tried my friends' turtle cheesecake and triple chocolate cake- both were unimpressive.The fact that this is an "award winning" restaurant is hardly a positive reflection on the establishment. The the dim lighting, grubby decor, and bland menu offer little reason to be nostalgic. I've strolled past this place many times, and I suppose my first instinct was correct: keep walking.
3	I can't believe I've never reviewed this place before.  My husband and I live in Squirrel Hill and we've only been here once.   It's niether good enough to rave about nor bad enough to totally slam.  The desserts, here are their specialty and one reason the place is so popular is that you can get a late night sweet.  Occasionally they'll book a really good jazz act here.
4	Too bad when I was just in Pittsburgh in May and July, I missed going to Gullifty's.  I do like the place, but since I live in FL, I can't  give you folks any current update.  Suffice it to say, it's still standing on Murray Avenue; I walked past it just a few weeks ago, but alas (though do not pity me!), I'd already eaten a wonderful lunch at the Shadyside Pamela's.    Anyway, Gullifty's has provided tasty food for me and whoever my dining companions have been over the years: my cousin, my good friend, my husband and daughters.  I don't recall anyone of them remarking their food was bad.     I just need to move back to Pittsburgh for about a month or two at least, then make sure I visit this place again.      So, sorry for this vague and mediocre review. But I felt I should chime in with my comments since there are several negative reviews here!
4	Dessert OnlyI got the turtle cheesecake and it was D-Licious.  It was tall and wide and full of caramel and nuts.  The peanut butter chocolate cheesecake was a hit as well.  Great place for a late bite to eat.
3	This place has the best desserts in town, if by "best" you mean "tallest."The desserts are fine (huge, not cheap, so sugary they'll make your teeth hurt).  The food is unobjectionable but not actually very good.  When I've sat in the bar, I've had very friendly bartenders, and I've had some good potato soup here.  If you're craving an extremely rich dessert, Gullifty's can deliver, but otherwise, expect to pay more for your dinner than it's worth.
3	The first time I set foot in Gullifty's, I was scouting for an apartment in the Squirrel Hill area. It was a Saturday at lunch time. The place was crowded, but the customers looked like they were eating there out of habit rather than out of culinary choice. The floor was sticky. There were tacky posters. The food was kind of bad. The restaurant made me wonder if I picked the right place to live.Fast forward a couple of years. I learned that you go to Gullifty's for desserts after movies, not Saturday brunch. But i remained skeptical -- how good could the dessert be when the entrance greets you with a rotating cake display? But, in an effort to acclimate to the local culture, I gave the restaurant a couple more tries. The crowd at night were mostly young people, too busy having a good time to pay attention to what they're eating. The desserts were big and sugary, nothing extraordinary. One positive change: the tacky posters were gone, and the floor was less sticky.Fast forward yet a few more years. I finally come to appreciate what Gullifty's has to offer: they open late (for Squirrel Hill), and they do a passable job if the dish is simple. So on some cold winter night when you suddenly have a hankering for a burger after 10pm, Gullifty's is there for you, maybe w/ some live jazz.
2	The food is so so but, the desserts are outstanding especially the turtle cheesecake. I would rather eat at The Cheesecake Factory . Personally I don't see what the be deal about this place is.
3	THE REAL PITTSBURGHERS PLACE FOR DESSERT!Forget the Cheesecake Factory! If your a real burgher you know this is the place for a tasty dessert! Menu Fav: Key Lime Pie. The Key Lime is very light and fluffy - fools you into not feeling too guilty! But honestly, their are dozens of desserts! Try it out! And by the way you won't break the bank on dessert here like a certain place and their $8 cheesecake!
2	The positive is that the menu has something for everyone to choose. The negative? You'll wait forever for it, while listening to smoove jazz, and then get diarrhea.
3	If you're a college student in Pittsburgh odds are at some point or another you've been here for dessert.  I will say, on a college budget you get a lot of good reasonably priced food here.  Can it compete with the best of NYC, no of course not but that isn't where you are, is it?Get a reuben and chase it down with a piece of cheesecake.  Go home happy.Quit whining about how Pittsburgh isn't NYC.
3	Like at many places with big menus, I think the trick to Gullifty's is figuring out which items on the menu are the best.I split an appetizer of soft pretzels with cheese sauce off the Oktoberfest menu, and then ordered The Bomb for dessert.  The pretzel was fine, though probably not homemade, and the cheese sauce had a little too much alcohol in it.  The Bomb was a slice of chocolate cake with a single thick layer of chocolate mousse in the middle.  The cake seemed a touch dry.  I tasted my friends' 5th Dimension cake, another chocolate dessert, and it definitely topped The Bomb.  They were also very happy with the Oktoberfest appetizer they ordered, the sauerkraut balls, but I didn't try that.So go for the 5th Dimension, because The Bomb is not, well, da bomb.  (Sorry, I had to do that).  The service was fine for our large group.  The waitress dealt with our disorganization good-humoredly.  The timing of the dishes could have been better coordinated--our appetizers came at the same time as dessert, which posed an issue for people who had a la mode dishes, and one friend didn't get her salad until a while after everyone else got their apps and dessert.  To be fair, though, we didn't specify that we wanted our desserts after the rest of our order.  I'd say that this is a good place to go with a large group of dessert-minded people who like sharing, because you'll more likely than not to find a favorite.  There's also plenty of space for big groups.
1	my goodness. this place was terrible. students talk about it as a good dessert place, but it was SO RICH and SO NASTY. you might as well fold some sugar into a stick of butter and chew/drink/eat it. nasty.
3	This was a disappointment.I mean, it wasn't downright terrible...I'd just heard such good things.I got the Pizza Margherita and it was pretty good, but what we really went there for was dessert. I got the turtle cheesecake and my friend got the chocolate cake.Mine definitely wasn't worth $5 and I didn't eat half of the crap that was piled on it. And my friend's cake was really dry and flavorless.I'd eat there again if someone insisted we go, but I'd much rather go somewhere else seeing as how the place is surrounded by better restaurants.
4	I love Gullifty's!!! Its a really excellent place to get some dinner or dessert with your friends before a night out or just to spend some time catching up. Friday and Saturday nights can have a little bit of a wait, so be prepared for that. The desserts are way better than some of the reviewers here give them credit for and they have a really excellent wide variety to choose from. Private lot in the back as well as street park all require coins for the meter (pain!) but, when i'm back in pittsburgh about once a year, a stop to gullifty's is always on my to-do list!
4	Great dessert. Entrees okay. Very nice waitress!
2	If it weren't for two friends who absolutely love Gullifty's and swear by their desert, I would have only tried Gullifty's once.It's not because Gullifty's is bad - the desert is fine - but I don't think it warrants the title of "Best Desert in Pittsburgh." Gullifty's is like an independent Eat N Park. Portions are plentiful, the atmosphere is comfortable, and the food is average. If that's what your'e looking for, this is the place to go.
4	Oh boy do I have mixed reviews. Gather 'round, children, and lets dim the lights...So I dine at Gullfity's every once in a while and they have an awesomely large menu to choose from and plenty of side dishes to boot. One time I ordered a side of waffle fries with nothing on them. Nothing. No bacon, no cheese...nothing. And low and behold...the waiter brought it out to me, flawlessly. On a DIFFERENT occasion I asked for the same side order of waffle fries from an incompetant, middle-aged female waitress who just could NOT get the concept of plain waffle fries with nothing on them. She JUST couldn't do it. First, she brought me out a full (not side) plate of "loaded" waffle fries. I politely told her that this was not what I had ordered. I thought that I had been very specific. She then told me that the kitchen could not make what I asked for (really?) and I continued to explain to her that I had ordered and received plain waffle fries in the past from this exact establishment. ....Some people blow me away. I wonder how they survive day-to-day life obstacles.On the other hand...Gullifty's desserts are AWESOME!!! This is where the 4 stars come in. I can never decide which dessert to get because they are all awesome. I suggest getting something different than the person you are with and then share with them. Trust me. Kill a couple Gullifty's desserts with one stone if you can. You won't regret it.On the other other hand...During the lovely 22-inch snowstorm of February 2010 my friend and I hiked up to Murray Avenue late one night to see what was open. Gullifty's bar was open and we were welcomed inside. We soon realized that we were the only patrons in the bar and the other 10 people sitting around socializing were staff members. Before I knew what was happening, they offered me another vodka-lime, we were smoking weed with them and it somehow became 2am. T'was awesome, to say the least. It was a nice escape from the blizzard and all of the other stupid stores/bars that closed because of it. Another reason for the 4 stars.
3	Nice place . Good food . Good variety . Known for their dessert selection . I would not say the " best  in pittsburgh " but in the top 5 . No private parking lot which is a hassle.
3	Eeh. Its okay if you feel like taking a day off from the kitchen. Had their dessert once, I wasn't blown away but im not really big on sweets. Service isnt the greatest either.
3	Another reviewer called this an "independent Eat 'n Park." Essentially, yes, he is correct. Similar type of food, similar atmosphere, open late. I have to say though, the food here is significantly better than Eat 'n Park. Plus they have alcohol, so that already puts them leaps ahead in my book (and the fact that they have a "mocktails" section on their drink menu is hilariously quaint).I haven't sampled too much from the menu, but I've liked most of what I have tried. I ordered lasagne here. Not sure why, because I hardly ever eat Italian out and I NEVER order Italian at non-Italian establishments. To my astonishment, it was very good, and I'm hard to please with pasta! Zucchini sticks are delicious as well. But the one thing from Gullifty's that actually impressed me was their French onion soup, with loads of swiss and parmesan cheese and a big slice of soggy bread. It's absolutely perfect. GET IT!The bad? I mean..."independent Eat 'n Park." That should say it all. Specifically, the burgers here are terrible (bland and overcooked). I don't see what the hype over the desserts here is either. Everything is cheesecake this, cheesecake that, with some other yawn-inducing options like apple pie and Boston creme pie thrown in. I guess it's typical Pittsburgh fare, and I'm not a Pittsburgher, so maybe I just don't "get" it. Other than the French onion soup and the late hours, there's really no reason to come here (but really, I can't stress enough, the French onion soup is WORTH IT).
3	Gullifty's would get 3.5 stars from me. But Yelp makes it difficult to give that half star.The desserts are fairly good. It is quite enticing when you walk in and see the towering cakes and pies. I suggest everyone go there the first time just to try dessert only.The restaurant itself needs a little updating. It seems very early 90s. Danny Tanner and his family would fit in exceptionally well at Gullifty's. I think it could benefit from some sleeker design aesthetics. Jazz nights are popular here, so if you life jazz music, definitely check it out. The only bummer is that sometimes they charge a cover, however, if you purchase enough drinks  (usually about $10) the cover is usually waived. The jazz music provides a nice ambiance that is relatively uncommon in the city.As for the food, it is overall just a-ok. Even though I have been there a number of times, I cannot recall one specific dish, other than the garlic fest ones that I had. if you like garlic, you should definitely go during "Garlic Fest", which just occurs randomly throughout the year. The baked garlic dish is available all year round and even though t makes you unlovable for a couple days,the dish is incredibly savory and worth it. Street parking is the only parking. However, after 6 PM and on Sundays parking is free. =)
3	Went here because the family all wanted dessert (they are a big desset family) and apparently this is THE place in pitt fir dessert.We did eat dinner before the dessert (gotta have rounded meals, yo) and i was in the mood for some pasta, so i got the mushroom, pancetta and gorgonzola pasta. It was good-not anything spectacular but it was good. The boyfriend got a special buffalo chicken pizza but was disappointed that it had sweet potato fries. All in all, good for the price.For dessert, i decided ti get the apple cake with cinnamon ice cream inside. It was ok. The cake was dry and there wasn't enough ice cream to make up for the dryness. Rough. The boyfriend got the cookie ice cream sundae and it was so good that i ate the banana. And i hate banans.Service was super slow and inattentive, which was disappointing considering it wasn't crowded at all.
3	I was happy with the food I got here- it's pretty normal casual dining. They're supposed to be well-known for their desserts, but as most other reviews will attest to, there's nothing really special about the desserts.
5	I've never had a bad experience at Gullifty's. It's like stepping into a time machine and getting off with your parents in 1994. Their desserts are so good (ESPECIALLY their bread pudding, oh geez, that is so good). I mean, this is really the sort of place you come to and get a big ole plate of mozzarella sticks, french fries, a burger, and top it off with a chocolatey dessert. It's a throwback party for your mouth. I also love the decor.
4	Four words bring me to Gullifty's: Kenny Blake improv night.  Kenny will jam for a bit on sax with the band then invite whoever brought an instrument to join in.  Any jazz night in Pittsburgh will have high standards due to the city's rich history in the genre, and Kenny never disappoints.  It's always an interesting experience.  As far as food goes, the cobb salad has been consistently good and all of the fried appetizers are as good as any diner's.  I don't eat sweets often, so I can't speak for the so-called famous desserts.  Others have complained about the decor, but I find the hideousness of it somehow charming.
5	This place makes me feel like I'm my own grandfather 10 years earlier. The decor is awesomely 1990s chic. They play Culture Club and Nick Lowe. Gullifty's takes you to a place much better than today. It takes you to a better world.
2	I am astonished at all the 4 and 5 star reviews.  This place is in no way, shape or form extraordinary.  In fact I would go so far as to say it's extraordinary how un-extraordinary it is.  I'm not sure if this is a Pittsburgh thing or just that I have gotten lucky since I've moved here but the service was HORRENDOUS.  I have never met anyone who cared less about his job than our server.  Everything a server could have done wrong/poorly he did.The food was greasy and unremarkable.  The portions were unreasonably large.  No human should eat that much food in one sitting.  I had the pierogies.  It was a yawn on a plate. I know this is a neighborhood comfort food place, but I would have preferred eating at a Denny's than here. Some would say that I did not have the full experience since I did not have any of the deserts, but there is no desert good enough that would make me want to go back.
4	Great service! Ok food. Delicious key lime pie!I recently moved to Pittsburgh and I don't know if its just the east side of the country or just me but it seems every time I go out to eat I always get horrible service. But this is my first restaurant experience in the burgh where the service was absolutely wonderful!! From the hostess to the server they were so friendly and did everything a person in the customer service business should do. I wish I had something better to say about the food but the truth is I have had much better at worse restaurants. But I'll definitely go back for dessert and maybe try something else on the menu.
2	I had heard about Gullifty's even before I moved to Pittsburgh.  It has the reputation of a charming neighborhood spot with very good desserts.  Many claim their desserts are the best in Pittsburgh.  My recent visit there was not  memorable, not particularly bad but nothing to write home about (sorry ma.). I give them props for making their own desserts in house but despite the large selection, too many options seem like something you could get at Eat n Park or Applebee's in a slightly more commercialized  form.  Oreo, peanut butter, brownies on top- Don't get me wrong- this sounds decadent but it's date night, not my post-toke meal at Dairy Queen.  With that said, the desserts we had were pretty tasty.  Not best of Pittsburgh tasty, however.  I would have liked some more creative options.  The savory options were basically your usual diner entrees but the variety and flavor were both decent.  The service was average, friendly but untrained.  As for the decor, they need a facelift badly.  It looks like 1985 in there and not in a pleasingly retro sort of way.  There is a small but adequate selection of microbrews which is certainly a positive.  I think if I come back to Gullifty's any time soon, it would probably be for a late night slice of pie or coffee.  Otherwise,it's a pretty run of the mill establishment.
5	There are many reasons why I find Gullifty's so charming: the atrium-like setup, friendly staff, and expansive menu, which includes just about every diner/cafeteria item imaginable. Whether you're ravenous or in the mood for an appetizer with a drink, you'll be pleased in both circumstances.  Even better is that it's reasonably-priced. And the desserts are top-notch! (Their carrot cake is out of this world.)The atmosphere is really laid-back, and it's the perfect place to go with friends or family when you just want to catch up over some comfort food and beer.Sure, it isn't for everyone--I can see how some people would find the ambiance kind of dated. But I think of it as classic. And, c'mon, who doesn't love dining amid some ficus plants every once and a while?I make it a point to visit Gullifty's every time I'm in Pittsburgh. (Which will hopefully be again soon!)
3	I've been to Gullifty's many times.  And I'm always torn about it.  The desserts, yes, are out of this world and even if I go to get a meal and I'm full, I will still leave with a piece of their 5th Dimension Cake.  But the food is hit or miss.I've never been disappointed by their desserts.  And if I were to judge Gullifty's just on the sweets, it would easily be 4 or 5 stars.  But I've had food that's been mediocre (the chicken tenders, some of the pasta selections) and food that's been pretty good (the Gullifty's Reuben).  One plus in my book: waffle fries.  I think part of my problem with their food menu is that it just seems all over the place: salads, Mexican, pasta, sandwiches....it lacks focus which could be why no items are real stand outs.Given a choice, I'd say hit up one of the many other better restaurant selections on Murray or Forbes Avenue for dinner...but then head to Gullifty's for some of the best desserts in town.
3	Food=2.5 starsDesserts=5 starsSkip the main course and go right to the happy ending.
3	Unfortunately, we didn't have dessert.  Instead, we had brunch, and enjoyed it, although the potato pancakes were weak.  If I go back, I'll try dessert or go late in the day and sit at the bar.
4	Upgrading to four stars!  Came here with my mom recently after seeing a movie at the Manor.  The Ten Pound Apple Pie looked absolutely tempting.  They call it 'Ten Pound" because that's how much you gain after you eat it.  We went instead for the New York Style Cheesecake!   M-m-m-m-m!  All of their desserts are homemade and it sure shows!
4	I've been to Gullifty's only for one reason, to pick up their deserts! I can't comment on the dining experiance, but their deserts are great for when you want to relax at home with something sweet. I highly recommend their strawberry pie, if there is any left. (They've run out several times when I've been there. It is popular!)
5	Listen, this place is awesome! The food is good the atmosphere is perfect, the location is the best! What a great staff! Sure, the food isn't gourmet, but they don't advertize that! You will be satisfied with everything on the menu, in fact, you will take a double check when you get your check. This place doesn't claim to be cheap eats, I think, because it is very trendy. Wings, chicken fingers, sandwiches, nachos, etc. are all available. I am not a dessert guy, but hold on to your ass! Easily the best desserts in the city. The staff are clean and knowledgeable. The owners are not strangers to the dining room floor to make sure you're happy. Groups are welcome and accommodated. Full bar with the nicest bartenders! A Pittsburgh staple!
4	Darren has me wanting to watch Seinfeld now. :) I liked this place too for the most part. The pulled pork nachos and the desserts (peanut butter meltaway and 5th dimension cake) are all amazing. My fish and chips were pretty good too. I loved the fries, but the only thing the fish was missing was a little salt. The server was really nice and efficient. I don't know why people are bagging on that or the decor, which I found tasteful. It wasn't dirty in the least either.Gullifty's cheered me up after having had to give away our pit bulls at the Animal Rescue League earlier that day. It was a bad week.
5	Great restaurant. Great service. Great dessert.
3	Dining at Gullifty's, I could really tell this restaurant has been open for years bc apparently the decor has never been updated.  You can't judge a restaurant based on decor, and I can decorate either--I think navy and black look good together so what do I know?  Know this-- if you are trying to impress your date, take her elsewhere unless you are taking her to Gullifty's for dinner.Their food is just ok, with the exception of the sundried tuna steak sandwich which smelled and tasted like bad breath.  I think this was from the mixture of the sundried tomatoes and garlic mayo aioli sauce, the food wasn't spoiled or anything, it just smelled like it.The other exception -- that REUBEN!  I freaking love reubens and they have a great one!  Just know it's huge and you're going to hate yourself if you eat the whole thing.In fact, the portion sizes here are ridiculous.  For me that's not a selling point, its a waste of food.The staff could not be any nicer.  The service is fantastic.  Everything about this place is nice--the pricing, the location, the staff, the beer selection--everything except the food and the decor.The desserts are fantastic and I believe they are the reason Gullifty's has remained open.  If they could get an interior decorator and a good chef, maybe a refreshed menu--this place would be packed.As it is, it's just meh.  I'll probably dine there again bc of the location and I'll probably have another meh, not great but not awful experience.It's just...OK.
3	Dessert and coffee, repeat after me, dessert and coffee.I have always liked Gullifty's much like I like an old pair of shoes.  They're comfortable and my friends don't mind them, but I'd never wear them on a first date or to a job interview.  Gullifty's is the old pair of sneakers of the Pittsburgh dining scene, it's comfortable almost cafeteria like with a want to be a jazz bar.  You look around and wonder if it's 1988 or 2013.  The booths have that glossy cozy yet weird feel and decor is old, but not old enough to be hip.  The wait staff is hit and miss and sometimes makes me think I am in Eat'n Park....Allow me though to recant my latest visit.  My wife and I wanted dessert and a cocktail for our anniversary.  So we chose the old pair of sneakers.  We both love the desserts here and hate making desserts at home.  I ordered the apple cake with ice cream walnuts, caramel, and whipped cream.  It was very very good.  The cake was moist and had good spicy flavor to compliment the sweet caramel and ice cream.  The candied walnuts gave it texture and a much need bite.  I will admit I didn't allow my wife to share it much...  She got the cookie parfait which is served warm out of the oven with ice cream, bananas, chocolate syrup, and of course whipped cream.  The warm cookie is amazing and melts the ice cream making a delicious soupy mess on the hot iron plate.  Our cocktails though seemed to made by a fraternity brother and not a bar tender.  We both got old fashioned style martini's.  It tasted like I was drinking straight Jack Daniel's.  Not a bad thing, but after downing my own and then 90% of my wife's she had to drive me home.  Next time, I'll stick with the coffee and let an actual bartender make me a real old fashioned.It's been sometime since I've eaten actual food here and I don't remember it being anything to speak of, so repeat after me.Dessert and Coffee.
3	We only went for dessert and coffee, but were pleasantly surprised. Diner coffee and HUGE plates of sugary goodness - a great way to end any night.
3	The cookie was a really good dessert
2	Maybe it was the fact that I got the burger well done but it was dry. The sweet potato fries were great, however. I was there with a large party, about 15 of us from a meetup I attend. The service was great, I didn't have a problem with it. I hear their desserts are world class. Next time I visit I will give that a go and hopefully rereview.
2	Low quality food! and as far as drinks, I ordered Ecstasy martini and I couldn't even drink it. It tasted really weird and I had to send it back. One good point though was they took that out of my bill.
3	I had never heard of this place until a friend suggest we go there for a dessert one night. I can't really speak for the food here because all we had was some late night drinks and desserts. The desserts here are top notch. They taste homemade and they have something for everyone. The drinks were just OK. We had some mixed drinks and some beers and the selection was just OK and the mixed drinks really weren't anything to write home about. The decor was a little retro with an unusual mix of more modern decor. The tables and chairs were a little cheap and almost dive bar in quality which was a little odd. Over all the place is known for it's desserts and they deliver. Give them a go. I would give them another chance for sure.
2	This used to be my favorite place to go in Pittsburgh, a 5 star winner. The garlic festival food was outstanding, but alas no more. 2x's ago the food seemed to be heated up and not fresh made. We gave the place another chance and it was worse. The tables were greasy to the touch, enough that the elbow of my jacket was stained. They tried to move us (party of 4) but that table was greasy also so we waited until the busboy cleaned a table. Figured an inexperienced person was the cause. We ordered and the food started to come right away. Since we were the only ones in the restaurant I didn't think much about it until we started eating. Everything was soggy with grease and only lukewarm so again it was heated up leftovers. The manager comped our food because we didn't eat more than a taste of it. She tried to give me a gift card but I couldn't take it because I don't think I'll be back unless they really clean up their act.
1	We decided to have dessert here on a whim. We had not been here in years. Upon arrival Saturday night at 8pm for dessert there was no one In the restaurant. This seemed very odd. we chose Coconut cream pie and carrot cake. The carrot cake was very congealed.  Not really cake at all.  The coconut cream pie was really falling apart and was more liquid rather than solid. We have always loved this place for dessert. Won't be returning anytime soon. Just wondering if this place is on the decline.
3	Located out of the heart of the tourist area of Pittsburgh. There is nothing particularly special or wrong with this place. It has an old cafeteria vibe to it. There are plenty of things to choose from on the menu. None stood out. It is also a place where locals get their desserts. Once again it wasn't anything spectacular. It is a place to bring a large family or a dinner party since there is a lot of room here and a giant projection TV.
5	Why can't Gullifty's be closer to me? Seriously, trekking out to Squirrel Hill from the South Hills and then struggling to find parking means that when I think about eating out, Gullifty's is not the first place I try to go to.But there's a reason I find it in me to make the trek sometimes: when I do eat here I am never disappointed. Gullifty's has one of the most varied menus in the city, as well as an amazing selection of desserts - there's a reason people keep voting them in as some of the best local dessert, period. I admittedly never have room for dessert here because I always have to order a giant bowl of their amazing French onion soup in addition to a full meal. Thankfully, taking dessert home for later is an option, because for me that option is a necessity!I've been here for breakfast, their Sunday brunch, lunch and dinner and not once have I been disappointed. This is one of those places I have to think carefully about what I want because EVERYTHING is so good! The pasta, the pizza, the salad, their omelets, their sandwiches, that soup I mentioned already...oh my Lord, I'm drooling.What else can I say? Love the atmosphere, love the decor, and love the great service I always experience here. When can I go back? It won't be soon enough!
4	***GULLIFTY'S WILL BE CLOSING FOREVER THIS COMING THURSDAY AUGUST 30, 2013.****With this being said, Gullifty's is, sadly, pretty great.  I'm wondering why the reviews are so all over the place, but I had a great experience.  The service was stretched pretty thin, but the prices were reasonable.  I am still very full and very happy, and I ate lunch 8 hours ago.Gullifty's can accommodate groups of any size, and they have many tables geared to accommodate groups of ten and more, plus some booths and tables.Free parking in the lot in the back of Sundays!Fried Mozzarella:  These are actually deep fried balls of mozzarella.  It's standard mozzarella cheese, with a nice light breading.  The highlight is the basil and diced tomato sauce.  It is so delicious and spiced just right.Breakfast Quesadilla ($7):  It's a giant grilled breakfast quesadilla.  Stuffed with cheese, egg, and bacon it's quite delicious.  It comes with a chip bowl full of nice spicy salsa, lettuce, and sour cream.  It was also served with a fresh side of fruit.Crusty Reuben:  It's a deep fried reuben, and a deep fried pickle.  It's strange but delicious.  Very rich.Chocolate Impedance Cake ($5):  Coffee and chocolate mousse in a cake.  SO RICH.  But so good.  Clearly made on site.Triple Layer Chocolate Cake:  The biggest size of cake ever.  Also really rich.  Chocolate cake and fudge layers with giant chocolate chips.If Gullifty's wasn't closing in four days, I would be back.  You should definitely stop in before they do close because the food is great and reasonably priced.  The place was mostly clean, though the bathrooms will need to be updated by whoever comes into this building next.
2	Such is life. This place had a great run and was the go to place in Squirrel hill and in Pittsburgh for great food and desserts, mile high apple pie to die for. For the last couple of years the place lost it's passion for food and became outdated, dirty and the food really suffered.  If you can't do it right, then it's time to close.
5	Great food and delicious desserts, all reasonably priced, excellent service -- I was surprised and saddened to read that Gullifty's is closing. I have been coming here with friends since my teens, namely for the ten-pound apple pie (and waffle fries!), and have years of wonderful memories. Even after I moved, Gullifty's remained one of those places I make sure to visit when I'm home. It will be missed!
