5	i'm a displaced las vegan, currently living in los angeles. i try to plan my trips back to the motherland around hair appointments, just so i can get my hair done here. i've always felt really welcome and comfortable; staff is super friendly and eager to please. sometimes i've gone in with a picture of the exact cut i wanted, and other times with a vague notion of a vibe i wanted to project, and i've never been disappointed. all cuts start off with a toe-curlingly awesome wash and scalp massage at the "shampoo bar," which is probably the reason for my bewildering loyalty to this place.
5	On a recent trip to Sin City... I had some extra cash to spend.  So, with the need for change- I set up an appointment with the infamous, Ira Sage at the Robert Cromeans Salon.  As a stylist, I have seen Ira many times on stage at hair shows doing platform work and needed this man to do me.  My hair that is.  Here is the back story:  I have been working for 7 months to get my formally black hair blonde-Icy blonde.  And in the process, it was a bit, stressed.  So a little visit to Ira and the guidelines of 'Do whatever you want, I'm willing.'  I walked out of the salon looking like a sassy little kitten and walking on cloud nine.  Got a short cut, but it still was flexible to be style other ways.  And did I mention that my blonde FINALLY got there.... icy.  Speaking of icy the receptionist seemed a bit chilly- which is unfortunate when you are forking over a few hundred dollars.   But, everyone else(Ira, the other stylists and Ira's sweetheart of an assistant make up for five minutes with the receptionist.  I am going back in a couple weeks.  Ira will not be available but, I am sure I will leave looking like a vixen.
1	no stars on this one!!!  Ladies if you're looking for a perm that resembles an electrified cat followed by an attitude from an employee that really makes you want to punch her in the mouth, then GO HERE!  Ladies steer clear of Mollie the perm bee-ah-tch---BAD BAD BAD!  Used rods I specifically asked her not to knowing the tendency for my hair to frizz with smaller rods.  What a smart mouth she has!  I love the Robert Cromeans in San Diego, both locations as a matter of fact.  If you are ever in Pacific Beach, then Angelique is someone you defrinitely want doing your hair!
3	I was desperate for a root touch up and searched Yelp and found Robert Cromeans Salon.... the good is that they are open on Sundays and take walk ins.  The bad... well, totally overpriced but I guess that's expected being that the salon is on the strip!  I paid $105 for a root touch up.  To me, that's outrageous.  But that included a shampoo and blowdry too, but I could've done without that.  All I wanted was a root touch up.  And, I got there right at 10am... the salon opened at 10am.  The receptionist was so unpleasant when I initially walked in.  I walked in a minute before 10am, in fact, I think it was exactly 10am.  I asked if she was open and she glares at me and says we don't open until 10am.  Then it was a chore for her to help me.  So rude.  I got someone who was available to do my hair.  Nothing good, nothing bad.  But overpriced.  But the color came out good.
5	Tom does AMAZING blonde hair!!!  Multiple colors of highlights and does exactly what you want.  If you take your blonde seriously... see Tom.
3	Decided to go lighter so i gave Robert Cromeans a tryI was greeted by two hosts  as I sat and waited for my hairstylist. A male apprentice guided me to the changing area, mubbling significantly fast... i couldnt hear a word he said. He didnt even tell me where to leave my jacket.I asked my stylist if he was planning to put protective cream to prevent stains on my face. He said "we have wipe out" Oh man my forehead and face was stained after the service... I didnt ask to have my skin colored too! geezThe color bar area, it's pretty grimey... if clients were to pay over $100+  to have their hair chemically treated/cut, i think they expect their enviroment to be a lot cleaner and nicer. The sink was rusting, floors had many different shades of color. This place is in very bad shape. I have never been to a grimey hair salon for the amount ive paid.My hair color is darker than what I want, however, it will fade within the next two weeks. I guess we'll have to see!
5	Molly is a hair genius! :-) I am Ecstatic about my cut and color! The whole staff is friendly and upbeat.  The entire experience is brilliant!  Molly did an amazing consult, had tons of ideas and options, and took the time to explain everything she did and everything she was using.  The Wash House experience is also amazing!  Love love love it all! Can't wait to go back!
5	I'm a San Diego transplant so I used to go to the Robert Cromeans Salon there.  When I moved out here, I asked for a recommendation from my old stylist and she recommended Amy, who is awesome!The place is expensive but you are paying for talent and consistency.  For example, I've been going to Amy for 6 years.  Not many places have the same stylists for that long.  It is so worth it to me to not have to start over from beginning with someone when it comes to my hair.  Plus, they are now doing these cool promotions where if you prepay by buying a gift card up front you get can up to 25% off!  Plus, they keep your gift card on file so if you lose it, no biggie.  So nifty!  You can use the gift card for services or products.  It works out really well for loyal customers.
5	Whenever I come to Vegas I have Tyler at Robert Cromeans style my hair. He gives a great massage while washing my hair and always does a great job styling my hair   I completely trust him. You won't be disappointed.
5	I've honestly never gotten a bad cut from Robert Cromean's and I haven't been able to find a stylist that I like better in Los Angeles.  So every six months or so I traipse across the desert for a haircut.  To be honest, the scalp and neck massage beforehand is worth the drive.  And the salon and everyone who works there is super-nice.  They keep bringing you cucumber-infused water or champagne and the whole experience makes it worth the price.Also, while I've had some great experiences with some pricier stylists at RC, I got a really great cut from Seth last weekend.  I think he said he's been with the salon for about a year, so that's probably why his rate is still really reasonable (i.e. under $100).  But he's still got the skills you expect when you go to a Robert Cromean salon.  Also, he's a riot.
5	I have lived in Vegas for 10 years and a friend from San Deigo happened to get her hair done here and loved it so much. So I went to Kat for a change - I needed my roots done and a cut. She touched up the color perfectly plus added beautiful highlights. Her cut is fantastic - it took years off me and I have gotten so many compliments! Also she was very informative, took the time to understand what I wanted, and offered great ideas. She recommended product without the hard sell. Loved the neck/scalp massage and the glass of wine! Everyone was very friendly and the clients were a mix of locals and visitors. Worth the drive to the strip!
2	My haircut was OK.  I got no water, no scalp or neck massage.  My hairdresser, Charles, left me more than once to do consultations on other clients.  I felt like he rushed my haircut, because I think he had another client booked too close to my appointment time.  He also frequently turned away to socialize with coworkers.  The salon was dirty and a little bit shabby.  $93 before tax/tip for a trim.  I will not go back.
5	5 Stars to Richard Cromean's Salon in Mandalay Bay, LV.  I was in Las Vegas this past weekend and decided to treat myself to a professional hair cut/color (which was an excellent way to spend money - better than gambling!).  I scheduled with a 4th element stylist (a long-time stylist of the studio) for a haircut.  When I arrived, I asked if it were possible to touch up my color (highlights) along with a haircut.  They were very understanding and I did not receive any extra attitude (which has been oh-so-common amongst most hair stylists I have been to). My stylist was Ale, along with her assistant Sara who helped with my color and styling.  They were both VERY kind and friendly.  My highlights were exactly what I had hoped for, and the cut was PERFECT!  I have thick hair, and Ale did a perfect job of layering and thinning for an overall clean look.The overall atmosphere of the studio is professional and laid-back at the same time.  I had cucumber-lemon water and a few current gossip magazines with me at all times.  Front desk was very warm and receptive and the rest of the stylists were friendly and I felt quite at ease the entire time.If you are in Las Vegas, visiting or not, and want to spend a little extra for a truly professional haircut, go here.  I'm quite sure you won't be disappointed.
5	OK, so I lived in Marin County and was used to the best.  I have been getting hair cuts from RCS, specifically from Big Tom, for the past four years and he and they are the BEST.  The place is Hip, Electric and fun.  The massage before and after are always worth coming in for and Tom is the BEST.  He knows his stuff, always a great cut and style, always on time and always interesting to be around.  I make it there every four weeks and I look forward to it.  It's sort of like a spa day.  Always try to work it around a great show and or bike ride.
5	I dared to get more drastic layers in my hair and she did a fabulous job! I got so many great compliments on my new haircut thanks to Katie! I highly recommend her if you have thick Asian hair.  Most of her clients have thick heavy hair and she seems ti know how to get to do what you want it to do. This was the first high end salon that I have ever been to. I booked an appointment here with the bridal party of a friend and they seem to have a great job handling the group.  This was convenient because both this salon and the wedding was in the Mandalay Bay. I was treated like movie star in here. I got coffee, a neck and scalp massage..it was awesome.  Well my salon back home home in MD is pretty awesome, but it has a homey feel to it, not so much a glam feel like this salon. If I lived in Vegas, I would totally come back.  Katie was a tier 2 stylist and she is worth the price they charge.
4	I was in Vegas for a conference and in desperate need of a haircut. I called the salon and told them I only had 2 hours of sleep and was a little cranky, but that I could use a haircut. They assigned me to Chantal, a transplant from Louisiana who talks like she's from South Boston. She's quirky, fun and most importantly, full of positive energy. She is excellent at scalp massages, conversation and hair cutting and is good for a needed infusion of positive energy. Ask for her.
2	I went to Vegas last weekend, and the gal to help me at first, Suzanne, was awesome, she was friendly, she is an assistant, she gave me a fantastic head massage and a kick butt cup of coffee, and she was very sweet and funny. Somehow, between her and the stylist who actually cut my hair, the haircut I wanted was lost in translation. I said, edgy, different, movement, layers, texture. But none of that came across in my hair cut. My stylist, Vanya, who has been there for something like 9 years, was rude, didn't listen, and I left with my hair looking exactly the same as when I came in, only difference was my pockets were 115 dollars lighter...  IN addition, I turned to tell her that I thought it looked the same, maybe she needed to take out more, but she took off like a rocket,  didn't even say thank you , goodbye, nothing, off to ruin the next person's hair. As a result, I wont be getting my hair done here again. Or at least NOT with Vanya. There were other stylists there that seemed to be doing a great job and getting the info needed and trying to give their clients that cut they wanted. By the way, my regular stylist is amaaaazing, and Vanya kept rolling her eyes, and constantly commenting on what a horrible job she did. I have to say, I have never walked out of my regular salon feeling the same as when I came in, yes the layers may be uneven, but artistic cuts are her specialty she dry cuts irregular layers and it always looks precise and bad ass! Needless to say, I tipped the shampoo gal, Suzanne, instead. Sorry.I've learned my lesson, no more out of town hair cuts!!!!
2	Located right inside Mandalay Bay, I thought that the Robert Cromeans Salon would be the perfect place to get my hair styled for my Vegas wedding.  The girl who styled (and washed) my hair did an excellent job; she did it exactly like the photo I showed her: Big.  She put in the hair extensions that I brought with me from Boston and my hair stayed even after I slept on it that night, so I was able to keep my fabulous hair style in tact long after the wedding and reception.  The one HUGE downfall was the price.  Their web site quotes wedding hair styles cost "$85 and Up"; who knew that it meant upwards of $200! I guess everything is pricier in Vegas, but this was way beyond my expectations (and my budget).  Not sure if Id go back.  But thanks to the talented woman who styled my hair; she rocked (literally: she told me that she has styled the hair of Fergie from the Black Eyed Peas!)
5	I love this place. Very reasonably priced for Vegas ($35+) and attentive to every detail. Lovely Crissy gave me a great wash, scalp massage and the haircut I requested. What more could you want? She was the perfect stylist. With a glass of cucumber water (very refreshing) and delightful conversation, this was one of my Vegas highlights. My cost was $45. Yeah, much more than I spend at home, but well worth it for the time and care Crissy took getting my hair just right. And hey, it's Vegas baby!BTW - it is now called "Walk In Salon." It's not in the casino/hotel, but in the mall area on the upper floor. Take the escalator by Starbucks and House of Blues. GO THERE!!!
5	I went to Walk In Salon originally because I'd heard they do $25 hair cuts. Turns out, that's the men's cut price, and women's is $35, and that's if you get it cut by one of the numerous newer hairstylists. But I walked in and Seth, a "team director" and experienced stylist, requested to do my hair. I've got the kind of short, easy-going hair that you can do anything with and stylists love to play with it. HIS price for a cut was $75. I hesitated, but he promised it'd be worth it and it WAS! After washing me out and giving me the best scalp massage I've ever had, he spent lots of time just brushing my hair out and studying how it fell, what the previous cut was, and how to make what I wanted happen. Then he went to work and I walked out with a cut that was 10x better than what I was hoping for. Can't wait to go back and get color done, Seth is my new go-to man for hair! Also, he's very cute and friendly, so you won't feel bored sitting in your chair. ; )
5	I am a repeat client of chantelle oggs. She is the best of the best. A perfectionist. I have never left there unhappy. Also u get what u pay for so everyone complaining about it being "overprice" you ARE getting service in a casino salon. You have a great stylist with experience and great Paul Mitchell products. If you are looking to "save" money. Try going off strip. Again you pay for what u get.
3	I would've given a 5+ stars just for Ira Pope Sage alone! He is AMAZING in cutting, coloring, creating, and conversating!  LOVE him :)The reason for my 3 star is to average out what rating I want to leave the physical salon space. I'd give it a zero if I could. Hello? Is this Vegas??? ...Home of the high end, spare no expense, crazy cool architecture and amenities?  Especially in a decent resort, you'd expect a fresh, updated and current atmosphere. I felt like I was crammed in a basement space (literally, the stylists are tripping over each other) that was designed 15 years ago and totally forgotten about... Dirty, scuffed, and completely out-dated. Mr. Robert Cromeans, with all due respect, it's time for a serious overhaul!  Please do your wonderful Paul Mitchell peeps a favor! They deserve far more than this!
4	I had my bridal hair & makeup done here, and had a great experience.  Due to a scheduling error on my part (which I hastily didn't realize at the time) there wasn't an appointment for me on the books, but the salon staff readily made room for me, and got me in with a great hair & makeup artist on short notice.  The gal I had (I wish I could remember her name!!) was kind and thoughtful, and took my input for what sort of style I wanted (which was vague).  She totally went with it, and invented a great interpretation of my funky, not-too-bridey style I was going for. The only downer was the terribly rude, resentful-to-make-eye-contact guy at the front desk when I arrived for my appointment.  It took him at least 3 minutes to take his eyes off the computer monitor in front of him and address me with, "Sorry it'll be just a minute." Uhhh... it already had been.  But whatever.  It all turned out fine in the end.
5	Please don't laugh, but I had just arrived on a flight from Baton Rouge through Dallas, and had been in 90 degree weather and rain because of hurricane Isaac, then had a scare of tornado warnings ( I'll take San Francisco earthquakes any time after this).  As soon as I landed in Las Vegas, and still taxing on the runway, I phoned Robert Cromeans at the Mandalay Bay where I was staying for the weekend.  I told them I needed a hair wash and flat iron and if I could have something in the next few hours.  My appointment was within two hours and cost about $100 plus tip for curly, past your shoulders hair.  Very happy camper.
5	I have been here a couple of times during my trips to Vegas.  I love this place!  I've never had a problem getting an appointment.  I've been to Jennifer and Chelsea and both did a beautiful job with my hair.  The prices have gone up in the past year from $25-$45.  $25 was a bargain, I consider $45 average and well worth it.I have a lot of wavy hair and they both knew how to style it so the wave came out but it wasn't heavy.  I could style it or do a wash and go and it still looks great.I live in Phoenix and try to get here whenever we come up for the weekend.  I came here originally on a whim and am hooked on the great cuts I've had.
3	I had been getting my hair done upstairs at the beach at ARC for about a year. My hair had been badly damaged by and amateur on long thick coarse curly hair. My favorite stylist is Amy and Oscar is very good too. HOWEVER, even after a year, their front desk help is rude, incompetent and out right obnoxious. My information was NEVER saved correctly, HE NEVER SPELLED MY NAME RIGHT, although its on ALL MY MAJOR CREDIT CARDS HE CHARGED. When my regular stylist, Chris, left, they deleted ALL MY information yet again and when I called to make appointments they treated me like I was not important and NEVER RETURNED MY PHONE CALLS! When I called back to cancel the appointments because of this Jim told me in a very nice and curt way, "To have a nice day." Amy acted like she was going to have my back but never even noticed our absence from our regular hair appointments. These weren't small or cheap trips since there were ususally four or more appointments I made at a time for family outtings. Not to mention I NEVER SAW ROBERT CROMEAN ONCE IN A YEAR! SO if you want to spend hundreds of dollars to get treated insignificantly and have fruit flavored water this is your place! Otherwise I would go to the Color Salon by Michael Boychuck, who has down to earth respectful and helpful stylists, receptions AND HE ACTUALLY WORKS IN HIS SALON AND SHOWS UP LIKE A REAL PERSON!
4	Stylist = 5 STARS.......Salon = 3 stars... Average 4 starsThis review is for the Robert Cromeans Salon located on the Beach level at Mandalay Bay NOT the walk In Salon. Based on my stylist Suzanna I would have given the salon a 5 star rating, but like someone else said, I only gave it a 4 star rating because of the salon itself. It is in DESPERATE need of an overhaul. It's not that it's dirty, it just looks like it hasn't had ANYTHING done to it for years. Seeing how this is the more expensive of the 2 Robert Cromeans salons at Mandalay Bay I would think it should be pristine condition. It's not!!!!Now on to the good stuff. My stylist was Suzanna and she was absolutely amazing. I haven't cut my hair for like 7 years so my hair was down to my waist, long, boring, lifeless with boring flat color. I wanted to get it all cut off into an aline bob and really blonde, which deep inside I was scared to do because the last time I attempted to get a bob I ended up with a stacked bob in the back and I hated it.I told Suzanna my concerns, she suggested I not go all the way to platinum yet since I had always used boxed color and she wanted to make sure my hair would come out right. Instead she used a combination of blondes and I couldn't be happier. And the cut? Absolutely perfect. I've had my hair cut before that looked good out of the salon but not so good after I washed and styled it at home. Today I decided I would wash it and not do anything to it just to see and it still looks good. I could literally wash it and leave the house wet and be confident that it will look good when it dries.As for the rest of the staff.....everyone was nice. I had an overall pleasant experience despite the outdated look of the salon.I will definitely be back to see Suzanna.
5	I finally found a place that I love and a hairstylist that I completely trust. Samantha Reiner is excellent, friendly and knows what she's doing. The best thing about it is you go in with an idea of what you think you wanted your hair to look like, and come out with a look that you actually needed and love it! This is definitely a salon that is worth the money, with a staff that knows what they are doing and care about their product.
5	There are two people in the entire world who I have entrusted to cut my hair...my mother (who owns salons) and Carrie Bupp at the Robert Cromeans Salon.As you can imagine, growing up with a mother who is a hair stylist, I am extremely particular about my hair. Because I don't get a chance to see my mom as often as I'd like, I decided to trust Carrie for my hair cuts and I have no regrets.The salon itself is lovely. It is located on the beach level of Mandalay Bay. Although I am a person who has been spoiled enough to receive free hair treatment my entire life, I am a firm believer that you get what you pay for and Carrie is worth every penny here. She listens to you, is very knowledgeable and also does fantastic up-dos.Ladies, (and guys), go see Carrie. She is fantastic. Tell her that Lisa S. referred you ;)
5	I am a Vegas local and have been looking for a stylist to color my hair. I have been very dissatisfied with past salons but fortunately stumbled upon ARCS from Yelp. I had a great first visit. I checked in at the front and the receptionist asked if I wanted any coffee/tea while they grab my stylist. Vanya came out and she was pretty cool and nice, but very honest, and that's what I appreciate! We discussed what I wanted to do with my hair. I initially wanted to try the ombre trend but she steered me away. Damaged hair and maintenance were her reasoning behind it. I told her I trust with my hair and so we went with an all over medium brown dye and some highlights. It was the best dye job I ever had!  This first visit was earlier in 2013. I have been going back for touch ups 3 times now with Vanya! Charles is another great stylist! I recently had a last minute gala to go to and Vanya was not working that day so I was paired up with Charles. I wanted a loose, romantic updo and he did an excellent job!
5	The place is so modern and up to date with everything.  To start out - up to this point in my life I wasn't able to find a stylist in Vegas that I liked and could be loyal to.  I needed a stylist that could cut my hair type- long, thick and a lot of it.  So one day I got a gift to check out this salon.  So I automatically assumed that the best would know how to cut my hair.  I was then arranged with one of the highest charged stylist.  I got one haircut and I was satisfied, but I still felt like the oomph feeling was missing.  So the second time around, I was getting a haircut and happen to look at another stylist across the way that caught my attention.  I saw the way he was so passionate in cutting hair and told myself I HAVE to try him out the next appointment. Then, that time came around and WOW!! I can finally say I found the ONE!!  Charles Azzi !!!  He listens to what you want and at the same time can also can push you out of your comfort zones and give you a new, fresh look.  I've gone back to him 3 times and every single time I walk out of there feeling awesome!! I've referred all my girlfriends and random strangers that asks where I go - and every single one of them are more than happy with the results.** Your first haircut you get 25% off and then on top of that - for each referrals you get $20 credit towards your next haircut **If you like my review - let Charles know you read this ;)
2	WEDDING DAY RIPOFF: I'm only giving this salon two stars because my hair did end up looking nice for my wedding. BUT the pricing is totally misleading. I checked their website and called to double check on wedding updo pricing and they both said I could expect to pay about $100. Fine. But I showed up to my appointment with completely dry hair and my stylist insisted he needed to blow dry it "for volume." I have nice thick hair and the style I asked for didn't require much volume at all. I asked him three times not to blow dry it and his best response was "I'll only charge you half for the blow dry." Great. Not only that, but they don't tell you they charge an additional fee for curling your hair as part of the updo. Pretty sneaky. Now I'm not stupid. I know a salon in a nice hotel in Vegas is going to cost you, but what I was quoted and what my bridesmaids and I ended up paying was almost $100 more. Oh and one last thing we weren't happy about was that all of us started losing hair pins before the ceremony. If we pay an arm and a leg for a certain hair style, it had better stay in place for at least a couple hours.
5	April is my favourite I came all the way from Alberta Canada. Totally recommended!! You will not be disappointed!
5	Love this salon!! Ross is the best!! My hair always looks amazing!!!
5	I started going here about a year ago and absolutely LOVE this salon! The staff is fantastic and use all Paul Mitchell products! Im very picky about who does my hair, especially since I blonde it, and don't want it fried or ruined. Amy is an awesome blonde who does blonde and extensions very well! Ask for her!
5	Best salon in Vegas!!! Go to see Ross !!! You will get exceptional service every time, and a professional cut and color. Years of experience and well up to date on every single style you want.
5	I went to this salon 6 years ago on a whim and have never let anyone touch my hair again.  April Anzalone has been doing my hair for those six years with amazing success being the bald Jew that I am.  This place is a must go and ask for April!!
5	I've been coming here since 2010 and the service is always top notch. I buy all my products here -- tools and styling stuff, it's very local friendly and location is perfect since you don't hit the strip traffic like most casino salons. Chantelle is great and I never have to tell her what I want -- she just knows!
5	Dear Robert Cromeans - PLEASE OPEN A SALON IN NORTHERN CALIFORNIA!  This is getting ridiculous. I normally go to the San Diego salon, even though I live in Northern Cal because this salon cannot be beat.  Doesn't matter which location. Had a PERFECT haircut from April, and would definitely go to her again.
2	By far the worst men's hair.And to say that for a man who frequents the salon and spends more on hair products than two bleached Vegas showgirls combined, that's saying a lot. I've been here a couple times with him before, they were OK with his hair and mine...well let's just say I found out here that I was horribly allergic to bleach. I told them my scalp was sensitive, never tried bleach before, and they should've tested before burning my scalp off. But I sort of forgave them since in the end it looked good, though it took two full weeks of medication for my scalp to heal. So this time around: the two stars is for their service and my blowdry, which was great. I called 30 minutes before and they were able to squeeze us in, we were late, no problem.But as for my boyfriend...all I asked for was the best stylist available, someone who knows blond. I figured for the quoted price of ~$250 it would turn out OK. His hair, which was done by a fellow blond named Amy, turned out to be simply terrible. There are yellow spots everywhere on the lower part of his hair. He is required by his work to keep his hair platinum-blond, which causes a lot of damage. For some reason, she decided to keep all the glorious fried bits of hair for the world to see. And the haircut itself? Decide for yourself in the photos attached. We were in a hurry so we left without a chance to look closely or ask them to fix it, but let's just say he's had better hair for $50 at some random fishing village in Portugal.
5	Kelcie hooked me up with a great summer cut: low graduated Bob. I needed to take so much if the weight off my poof do that it could feel light. I had a 9 am appointment during the week and it was nice to have her take so much time to get in and keep thinning it out. Check out my the video upload. It's short, sleek, and sassy. Red lipstick and I'm done ! Location is a little tricky here. Follow signs to the beach pool area & it's tucked on the right by the escalator going down from the main level. I purchased the super skinny product line and my hair is sleek !
5	Amy did an amazing job.  She is the only person I would trust with perfecting the blond tone. I strongly recommend coming here and to her! Thanks Amy !!
5	Chantelle was recommended to me by one of her usual clients & I must say I absolutely love her work!! I have super curly hair, she added pick-a-boo highlights, gave me a treatment, blowout,recommended products, and gave me a perfect cut keeping my length!! Her down to earth personality made me super comfortable and I was able to get the "full salon experience". 5stars!
5	Crissy did my hair and make up for my vow renewal. She was amazing. So relaxed and friendly. My hair was adorable and my make up so natural looking yet perfect for occasion. Width I could hire her to teach me make up skills. Thanks to this wonderful woman for helping set a beautiful day.
5	Great desk staff. Ale stylist is amazing. Great for locals.
5	Ale was amazing.  I came in today wanting a Victoria Beckham style and she did picture perfect amazing hair for me. Everything was fabulous from wash to cut to blow dry.  Definitely come and see her! The whole salon is consistent as well...hands down my go to salon for Las Vegas and the west coast.
5	I read the reviews on hairstylists and went with Chantelle... Excellent choice.  I travel to Las Vegas 4 times a year and will always come to Robert Cromeans salon for a perfect cut.  I went quite short and left it to her to decide the length and style.  I walked out with a classy cut that suits my face to a T.. Thanks Chantelle I will be back to you in the fall..
5	This salon is great for those with ethnic hair too!Last week was my second time going to this salon and my second time with Suzanna as my stylist. I came in both times with black roots and blonde hair. My hair is only three shades away from the blackest of black, and it took my old stylist forever to get me blonde. However, it took Suzanna just one time to get my dark roots to match the rest of my hair....and it looks AMAZING!!! My hair is also in great condition. She's very creative with mixing colors; even the other stylists were asking her how she did it. I have to also mention that I have very curly hair, naturally and no relaxer. She knew to condition it well, blow dry it with a round brush and then use a straightener. I've been to other salons where they didn't know to do that. Furthermore, the products that were used on my hair smelled so good. It's very dark and comfortable in the area where you get your hair washed. I can't wait 'til my roots come back in!
5	I loved my experience today with Amy ! She made my hair so awesome and healthy with good products :) also front desk was sweet
5	Love love love this place! Cari is the best hairdresser in LV. I am a local and have been coming to this salon for almost 10 years. The hospitality is immeasurable. Great place!
5	Kelsea Nielson is the best hair stylist I have ever had. I've been coming to see her for almost three years, and she hasn't never let me down. She knows exactly what I need everytime and keeps my haircut perfect.
5	I have been going to this salon for over a year now and they are fantastic. They give you a warm welcome when you come in. Chantelle is a great color specialist and stylist. I get so many compliments on my hair. This is a great salon and they have the latest Paul Mitchell products. I don't go anywhere else.
5	I will never go to anyone other than Kelcie. She is very friendly and makes your experience comfortable. Hell, if I had the money I'd go to her to just get my hair washed everyday. That experience alone sold me for life, and that's without the cut. Instead of forcing my hair into a certain style, she sits down with me and talks about how a cut will fit my hair type. I've always had an issue getting a decent haircut because of the ridiculous amount of cowlicks that are on my oddly shaped head, but Kelcie sat down with me made a game plan and gave me the best haircut of my life. She is knowledgeable, passionate, and has a genuine interest in serving her customers. I'm lucky enough to be one of them.
5	OSCAR GOMEZ is a genius when it comes to hair.  I've had him do ombre highlights a few times, every time they turn out the perfect color, his trims are perfect, and I've recently done the Brazilian blow out with him.  My hair has been amazing ever since.  It is so smooth, no more frizzies, and I can blow it out straight in a fraction of the time I used to.  He takes care of  locals and he has the absolute BEST customer service skills. I recommend him to absolutely everyone and anyone!
5	I always come here for Kelcie!! She's the best and extremely talented! Highly recommend! Very helpful, answers all questions, and a true professional! Super sweet and joyful and makes your hair style perfect. =)
5	I have been going to this salon for 7 years now and they only person I trust with my hair is Amy. Amy is THE best! She has taken me from almost blonde to brunette and is always great with recommendations on color and new cuts! My friends and family got to Amy and are never disappointed. Besides being such a great stylist she is truly such a great person inside and out. If you're a local or just visiting don't hesitate to book your next apportionment with Amy!
