5	Woo hoo! I went to the soft opening night and all I can say is I loved it! There was plenty of appetizers AND wine/beer to go around and it kept coming. I have been waiting for months for the container store to open and now it is here! I will definitely be here over the grand opening weekend to partake in the give-aways and of course, to buy some things I simply fell in love with at the soft opening!The store's space is amazing and well lit. Everything organized very well! (You would hope so, right?). The soft opening was FAB - live music, dancing, food, etc! How can that be beat?As of now The Container Store of Vegas gets 5 Stars from me. :) Cannot wait to begin shopping here and ordering off the website and being able to have my items sent to the store for pickup.Thank you for coming to Vegas Container Store!
5	What can I say? I love this place! When we go to San Diego, we always make a trip to this store. So, when this finally (long anticipated) came to Borders' old location at Town Square, I could not wait. Woo Hoo! Ok, it is Grand Opening day (10% of profits will go to the Junior League of Las Vegas) and it is super duper crowded and you can hardly walk because of all the people and their carts, but I loved it. I didn't get to see everything but I was able to walk down most of the aisles. I was on the hunt for baby-room (my husband is giving up his man cave and at some point will need to incorporate his stuff and my room together) inspiration as I had already checked the site online and started a registry- this gave me a chance to look at the things in person for size scale and color, and what not. Plus, I wanted some covered containers for the bedroom as my little things sitting on our little bedside shelf have collected dust and I just want them inside something, so dusting will become easier. It gets dusty living in the desert!I couldn't even recognize the store being Borders- it seemed bigger, brighter, and better. It was organized! I was a fan of the Organized Living store that was located in the Best in the West shopping center, so when it closed its doors, there was a void. Enter San Diego trips and this store. I just love this store. I love the products. I know it is a specialty store, and some things cost a pretty penny, but when it comes to making life easier, it just doesn't seem to matter. Piece of mind matters. I'm willing to spend more when I know that it will be worth it. (Isn't this the truth? I set budgets for things, but for certain things I will pay more for, like makeup and shoes.)Checkout wasn't bad. Yes, there was a line, but it was about ten minutes, because another line opened up and somehow this lady who asked us where the end of the line was, ended up at the front of the line; hey, she must've been at the right place when they opened up another line, right? So, yes, we will be back again, and I'm sure it won't be as crowded because it's always crazy during Grand Opening, just ask all the people who watch first-run movies at the theaters (unless you are a retired senior citizen who watches movies at 2 pm).
3	So I braved opening weekend and moseyed myself to the brand new store. It was ultra-crowded, but I knew that before I went, so that isn't factored into my review. All in all, I'm pretty impressed! The store is very bright and well organized (of course!). There seems to be plenty of each item. There are carts everywhere, so you can grab one mid-browse without having to march yourself to the front of the store. There are plenty of displays, so it was easy to see the big picture of how a system goes together. There are two register areas: one on the parking lot side and one in front of the doors leading to the interior of Town Square. A nifty service I was unaware of, their "buy online and pick up at the store", was advertised heavily (although it makes me wonder if that's a signal that this store may not carry as many items as others). Two things I'm not a huge fan of: one, the prices. I've been to Container Stores before, so I knew to expect this. Some of the stuff is well-priced, but other things seem quite overpriced. This is another situation when checking out the website to compare prices would be smart. And two, the aisles are skinny. If there were no carts to negotiate, the aisles would be okay. But once you get a person with a cart on one side, there's not much room to pass by them. Also, when you're looking at something, you tend to not stand plastered against the shelf it's on, so you wind yp standing towards the middle of the aisle, which makes it hard for others to get past. It seems like the store itself is slightly too small for all the items they wanted to put in it.I'll be back, but only if I need something that either isn't carried elsewhere or is cheapest here.
5	Here we are a couple days after the grand opening of the Container Store and it's already my second (updated review). I absolutely wanted to do a second review because my first review was of The Container Store's "soft opening" party. I have now been back for a full-fledged shopping experience, the Monday after the opening weekend. I still love The Container Store and it is so great they are finally here in Vegas because I have been ordering online from them for awhile. I just enjoy organizing my life and I wish I could organize more and more....First off, the shopping experience was nice. The store is clean cut, the employees, and the management are shining examples of customer service (more on that later). My only qualm with the store is the shopping carts + people + small aisles = difficulty. When I was there I was walking down an aisle and a family in a shopping cart happened to be at the end of said aisle. Well, the cart + the family + me = disaster in such small aisles. I think it's a minor flaw, one worth noting, but not one that would dissuade me from coming back.Next - checkout was easy breezy... until I presented my lovely "Happy Birthday" coupon from The Container Store. Unfortunately there was some confusion, but a manager was called and she quickly took care of the issue. I did not get my birthday prize though... because they could not find it in the store. However, the manager, Robin, was very kind and gave me a reusable shopping bag, gave me the store's number, and told me to call back before I came again to ask if the birthday gifts were available. This was fantastic customer service and I must commend the Container Store's management for their wonderful handling of the situation. I will, of course, be back to The Container Store! However could I stay away?
3	So the fam and I were happened to be at town square over the weekend.  I had mentioned to my wife that this store was opening.  It was a crazy mad house!  I am really glad that a store was able to move into the old Borders building.  You get so used to seeing vacant buildings here in Vegas.  Armed with the cart and a stroller we explored the store.  Here's my take on the Container Store.  Do you need a specific container that you absolutely cannot find anywhere else?  Then this is your store.  I thought it was on the higher end with the merchandise.  For a minute I thought I was in Summerlin!  I keed!  to sum it up I know for a fact I will need some specific item and I will be stopping in here.  Cheers!
4	Remember where Borders was?It is now the rightful base of a Swedish home furniture business comparable to Ikea. Alright, I admit, the previous sentence may not have given justice to how wonderfully arranged and well-organized this shop was so I'll go ahead and rephrase it. The Container Store is just about any girl's paradise! It had numerous aisles divided into categories (e.g. office, stationary, closets/cabinets, jewelry boxes, bulletin boards etc) and you'd be thankful for the giant headers on top of each aisle because you won't have to ask around for what you need. We spent most of our time at the stationary section where I shuffled around looking for schedule diaries. They were about $20 (kinda pricey to be honest) and along the way, I also found this one book called 'Well-Being Journal' for health buffs like me to jot down our daily nutritional intake and count our calories. Unfortunately, it cost  roughly just as high as the schedule diaries. We went on to swoon over the cute office cabinets and color coded closets. Perhaps the store could also opt for selling clothes as well because, I swear, all the display dresses hung up were irresistably cute! Well, that was a great fun-filled first visit and definitely won't be my last!
5	For a neat freak, like me this is HEAVEN. And that it was. I had to focus on things "I really needed" and had to stay away from roaming the aisles at the Grand Opening.Workers were super friendly and helpful in my looking for jewelry organizers.They had clear plastic kinds and black velvet looking ones. I was in awwww *loser* lolThis place was VERY reminiscent of Ikea (for me) but, without the furniture.
3	Every reviewer has commented on how well-organized the store is.  Duhhhhh!  If this place ain't organized....I did not brave the madness of the Grand Opening, but had a little time to kill after shlepping to Town Square for my Apple Genius Bar appointment, so I dared The Container Store to wow me.  They did...and they didn't.Yes, they have lots of stuff.  I didn't suffer the crowds of the opening weekend; in fact, the store was fairly empty, so I found it bright, airy and fairly spacious. But, when we first came to Vegas we had no trouble filling up all those empty cabinets in the "trophy kitchen,"  so I don't need more STUFF.  What I do need, desperately, is an extra-long hook to loop over my very tall shower doors so I don't have to run naked, wet and shivering to get to the towel in the oh-so-thoughtfully-designed bathroom.  The Container Store DID NOT HAVE IT!!!The selection of things that they do have is pretty big, but the prices are high.  I'll probably return a) if I happen to be at Town Square for some other reason, or b) if I need something special and verify online, then by phone, that it's carried by them and is in stock.  Otherwise, I won't be making a special trip.  Instead, I'll stick with my old standby, Bed, Bath and Beyond, where I can save 20% on every single item with their never-ending supply of coupons.
4	So if you read the other reviews you see some themes that run through all the reviews.  It's huge, things can get expensive, and there are small bumps in the road due to the relative newness of the store.  The merits of all those I will leave to you to judge I can only talk about my experience with the whole experience.  By nature I'm disorganized, and not in like misplace a paper here or there.  Instead its much like OMG which of the 18 separate 6" piles of papers is the one sheet I need.  Hard to explain to the wife that I know that I placed that check somewhere on my desk I'm just not sure where.  But I digress, just know that the desk in my office was roughly the size of a 1967 Cadillac and had to be downsized so I could put myself on a forced efficiency diet.    My experience started where all good experiences should start..at my kitchen table with my laptop and a cup of coffee.  I looked at their website and decided that I liked their elfa desk systems.  Went upstairs to my office took 2 minutes to look at my office and decided WOW my closet was actually the size I wanted to restrain my desk and all of it's contents too.  I took a few measurements and called the 800 number.  Within 20 seconds I had a human being on the phone and she planned the whole thing out for me.  It took her maybe three minutes to design it and she immediately emailed me the plan.  You get three different views front view schematics, top down view and a measured view.  They offered to place the order while I was on the phone with the local store but I declined due to the fact I wanted to look at their in store display before deciding.    So fast forward 5 hours and I come bouncing into the Organization Oasis aka my worst enemy.  Went back to the elfa section and an incredibly pleasant saleswoman helped me.  She was able to immediately pull up my design from earlier in the morning and then I requested some changes.  Being a new employee in the store she wasn't sure how to make the changes so instead of wasting my time trying to figure it out she called over someone else, and someone else, and another someone else.  Some less civilized people would see this as a problem, I saw it as world class service, if you aren't positive that something is right keep on looking for the correct solution, waiting an extra 10 minutes in the store is so much better than having to come back to the store 3 hours later to fix a problem.    With all my changes in I was told my order would be ready to pick up in 45 minutes so I went and took care of some shopping at Whole Foods.  They took my number so they could send me a text message when it was ready and they were spot on it took 43 minutes.  We now come to the one "challenge" that I hold the store accountable for.  I call the store number talk to an employee they tell to park in the customer pickup spot and someone will be out.  They tell me to call when I arrive and I tell them I arrived, I'm in the Whole Foods parking lot 500 feet away from their store.  They fine just pull into the marked area and we will bring your stuff out.  I park and wait...and wait.....and wait some more.  After 7 minutes I get out of the car running with lovely air conditioning go into the store wait while 5 employees have a conversation only to discover the employee who has all my stuff  has been standing inside the door the whole time.  I'm just assuming that somehow expectations and wires got crossed somewhere.  So they bring this whole cart full of shelves and drawers out to my care and load it.  Instead of using a plastic bag they used 2 very nice reusable shopping bags for all the hardware and a nicely printed custom set of instructions.  Got the closet in at home in no time flat with an amazing lack of profanity on my part and am very pleased with how easy and convenient it was.  I'm sure that I could have spent less somewhere else, but the experience would not have been as pleasant and smooth as it was.I'll be back for more!!!
5	I never thought that I would be waxing euphoric about a retail store--especially one that basically helps you organize and sells containers.  But I now am.  The unique thing about this store is that you will likely find something that you never saw before or ever previously realized that you needed.  For instance, after two trips, among other products I now have a stepped plastic platform that displays readily identifiable cans of food inside a kitchen pantry, pull-out metal shelves in the cabinets below bathroom sinks, expandable shoe racks, a multi-sectioned holder of various balls and other essential sports equipment, and even a clear acrylic holder for an orange KISS souvenir golf ball from KISS by Monster Mini-Golf.  Beware, for a visit here can be dangerous to your household budget and wallet.  And, prices are not low for these unusual items.  Yet, in the end, the better accessibility, organization, and appearance of one's stored items and collectibles will likely be well worth the monetary outlay.    One metal shelf pulled out somewhat roughly after it was tried in earnest at home.  The imperfect shelf was cheerfully taken back and exchanged without incident.  So, this is a store that will also stand behind its products.  At the site of a former Borders bookstore near an entrance to Town Square, the large space has been totally refurbished and filled with great stuff.  It is bright, cheery, itself well organized, and pleasant to graze.
4	If you need to organize your home this store is sure to have plenty of merchandise to help you do that.  There are interesting things in this store that I never even knew existed.  Some items are a bit pricey but others are comparable to what you would pay at a store like Target.  The staff is very friendly and it is a real pleasure to shop there.  My only complaint is that the aisles are very narrow and that can make it difficult to navigate with your cart.
4	This place is every neat freak's paradise. (I am sure you've heard that already)If I had a house large enough (and a bank account to match) I'd buy this place out.I absolutely love the selection of storage units and miscellaneous, odd shaped boxes, baskets and food containers. It reminded me of IKEA for a moment. They even have nice imports from Japan that are hard to find around Vegas.The prices range from decent, to a little high, but there is a small section in the back with discounted items (because of small cracks, open packages, etc) which is a good place to keep an eye on. Never know what could show up there.When I went they had a special event for Travel Accessories (which is perfect for any flight attendant or frequent flyer) and the staff is helpful and friendly.
5	This place is beyond amazing. It has literally anything you could possibly need to be organized. Shelves, cubbys, cool trash cans, closet hangars, and the list goes on.I went around 9pm and im so sad because I wanted more. Store closed at 9:30pm :(It has like, really interesting containers ranging from legos, chinese take out boxes, linen shelves, silk boxes, plastic boxes, stackable shelves, mail organizers, tote boxes, storage shelves, and a lot more stuff i'll be buying in the near future(:I wish I knew about this place a long time ago. Would've made my room a lot more organizedd(:
4	The containers!  Oh the containers!  Dear sweet lord, the containers!Just being in this place feels like a joke.  The concept of the store seems absurd.  But once you get beyond the weirdness and embrace the idea, this place is pretty amazing.  It's like a Target store just filled with containers. Big ones, small ones, even little bitty ones.  It will pretty much have what you need to keep your stuff organized.The Container Store also does a good job with ideas of how to organize your space.  They have lots of displays, showcasing ways that you might organize your garage or office or kitchen.  It's not as chock-full of ideas as an Ikea showroom, but they can get you inspired (to buy their stuff and organize your house with it).
4	Organizational bliss! I felt like a kid in a candy story. They have everything you could ever want, and more. You end up getting things you don't need. I almost bought a friggen gift wrapping station. Really! I so don't need that!You can also shop, order online, and then pick up at the store.
5	Wow. Seriously, the best store ever for organizational freaks. I walked in and my heart started beating so fast. I was just so excited. The most memorable items for me were the mini tool box and the wall of containers. I have no clue why, but they were they best thing ever. I was completely in awe the entire time I was here. The only thing I want to say about this place is that it is awesome (times infinity).
4	Hi, my name is Leo and I suffer from some kind of compulsive hoarding behavior.  The other night it was raining so I decided to park my car inside the garage, which I haven't done for quite sometime and realized it had been taken over by " stuff". I had stuff here stuff there it was then that I realized I had a problem, I had to contain myself! Then I discovered the container store, they carry anything and everything you need for storage and organizing. The employees are so professional and knowledgeable about anything storage, they'll help you find little boxes for little things and big boxes for big things! All I can say is....genius! How do they know all this stuff? I bought a few boxes for clothes and miscellaneous things and some for shoes, they can be a little pricey though, I think my shoe boxes cost as much as my shoes but at least they'll be organized. When I tried to load  all my boxes into my car I realized I had to much junk in my trunk (not that kind) so I went back for more. This store is literally a saver! I may still have a lot of junk but I have a well organized junk.  Container store, you are more than just plastic, You're more than amazing you're more than fantastic!
5	We have been buying organizational items for the house from Container Store for a very long time!   We moved here from San Diego, CA and installed ELFA into all of our closets there.    When we moved to Vegas and bought a house here, my first thought was to go purchase ELFA from the Container Store for our closets.    Those closets that come with the closet rods already installed by the builder are such a waste of space.   Using ELFA, we expanded the use of our closet space 10-fold.   It is very easy to install.Unfortunately, Container Store had not come to Vegas and we had to ship all of our ELFA from California.    Yes, it is that good!     I am so happy to see the "new" Container Store arrive in Vegas!    This store is really wonderful for those that love to organize and provides unique ways to do that.   Of course, my main love of ELFA is now being offered to Vegas residents.   Kudos to Container Store for installing a store here!One of the things we absolutely love about this store is their commitment to the customer.   Customer Service is absolutely fantastic at this store.    Something broken, they'll replace it.    Need a part, they'll get it for you.    With product and service, this store is amazing!   Returns are a breeze as well.
3	I'm a little mixed on this place.  This was a staple outlet when I needed some things for previous homes in Texas and California.  Even when I went back to college back in... a while ago, it was useful and accommodated a lot of needs.So I was pretty happy to find out that Vegas was getting its own Container Store this last Spring.  It's been a hectic Summer, but I finally found time to make my way over there.I don't know who's changed, honestly.  Them or me.  It looks like your average Container Store, and not much has really changed.  Service wasn't an issue, so that wasn't the thing that bothered me.What bothered me was the prices.I can't be that out of the loop on this place to suddenly go from ramen chomping college kid okay with the prices to thinking "Holy crap, this place is expensive" as an adult.  Even simple, basic stuff just seems overpriced for what it is.  I do like their Elfa shelving, and maybe down the line I'll invest in some for my home office, but I just don't remember the place ever being this expensive.  It's a chain store, not a high-priced boutique.I left the store feeling more confused than satisfied.  It's unfortunate that the prices turned me off so, but hopefully they'll get themselves sorted out, or have one heck of a sale in the future.I'll give them another chance in the future.  It just didn't seem like the store that I used to know.
4	My inner house-wife pines to return to the Container Store. Every need I have to organize my home is satisfied by a trip here. They've got a huge selection of clear acrylic housewares which are not only functional but look quite modern. There's no shortage of shelves, boxes or bins in here. There's a size, color, and a million different looks to choose from. It's no IKEA, but it certainly fills a niche need here in Las Vegas. One of my favorite home brands is Umbra--which they carry full stock of! There are lots of different pieces from the line in a number of different categories. My most recent purchases were a skinny trash can that fits perfectly in my half bath and a couple accessories for the kitchen.Speaking of the kitchen, if there's something you need be it spice racks, jars, bottles, disk racks, cabinet organizers, etc. They have it! The Container Store brand stuff is decent quality and pretty cheap. At last, a home store that doesn't break the bank. And customer service is top notch. Every time I leave, I can't help but say "Why is everyone so friendly?"
3	It's the Container Store, Town Center's newest attraction. Yawn. If you get into the mindset that it's time to organize your life you plan a visit here. You walk around the aisles, look at the cool kitchen and closet organizational stuff, then you take a look at the price tags and think someone's trying to organize their way into your wallet. I admit to liking this place as they seem to have little odds and ends things that nobody else does. But that being said this is a place that can make a Mastercard or Visa hit your limit if you're not careful. 3 Stars: Service is kind of aloof, and the locations in Denver seem to be bigger and have friendlier staff.
5	This is a great store, full of ideas for people like me, I love to organize and have things organized.  So they have great items to help you stay that way.  Their closet ideas are really good, if you want to arrange things, hang things, or just box them, they have everything you need to do it.They have small gadgets for just about everything, magnets and even wrapping stuff.  Boxes of all sizes and shapes, decorative tissue papers and bows and even small to large gift bags.If you love to organize, or just need a little help, this is the place to come.  The staff are very helpful and would love to give you suggestions, or if you just need to order something, they're there to help.
5	Let me start by saying this. THIS STORE IS AWESOME!The moment you walk into this place you realize you can find storage for ANYTHING you might own. From kitchen jars to garage organizers (and everything in between) this place offers a variety of tools and ideas you can use to organize every aspect of your life. Although most people would think this store might be pricey based on its location (Town Square), this store offers quality items at accessible prices. When you come visit this store, come with TIME. You are guaranteed to want to browse around to find that cool envelope or office organizer you've been looking for!
3	You've got stuff. Lots of it. You need to put it in things so you can buy more stuff. That's where The Container Store comes in. Lots of....wait I've underestimated...TONS of stuff to help you organize your life..or if you're like me, pretend you're going to start organizing your life. Huge store (located in the old Borders, RIP) with aisles and aisles of all kinds of home stuff. A good substitute for Ikea if you're craving that type of shopping experience. I liked a lot of stuff, but I also thought to myself, do I really need this? numerous times. I'd say you can definitely find some cool holiday gifts or stocking stuffers here and hey it's fun to just walk around and gawk at the hoards of containers, hangers, drapes, chairs, decorative things The Container Store thrives on.
4	I'd love one of these in Hawaii!! Beautifully organized with aisles of containers, gadgets and gizmos. I could've been in there for hours!! The employees were helpful, friendly and it didn't hurt that many were attractive. I'll definitely stop by on my next trip to Vegas and spend more time in there looking around.
5	I love this store ! I've been to the one in San Jose, CA. I was waiting for container store to be open in Las Vegas but It is now open !! I love all those organizing stuff. I think some of items are bit pricy. Most of them i love !
3	If you have OCD this is the place for you! Seriously they have things to put your knickers in and also things to put your socks in. I went because I wanted ideas on how to organize my heels. They take up to much space and I don't know what I have. I am also newly married and my husband has a ton of crap. So I wanted containers that would go underneath the bed (so I have more closet space of course). I left with some cool stuff that was on sale. I can now go under the bed pull a handle and this awesome container gives me a nice visual of my pumps!  I also got some great ideas. I'll do my own closet I would never pay their outrageous prices for installation ( 3 to 5 grand). I'll take a grand and a hammer and do it myself.Don't get to caught up in this place it's very pricey. A lot of stuff you could get at Walmart for half the price.  Also Home Depot.I honestly only purchased items that were on sale. I am very happy with what I got and I will be going back next payday. I wish Vegas would get an Ikea already!
5	This store has everything you can imagine for your house. When I saw it was called The Container store, I was thinking Tupperware and a bunch of house wives.  They got this expandable shoe rack that would be perfect for an apartment. Such a cool store to check out.
4	Location: This place is has a great location because you can stop in after doing some Towne Square shopping.What I Liked: I am not an overly organized person. So, I really appreciated seeing all of the different options on how to organize my closets, drawers and life. My garage obviously needs an overhaul so I got some great ideas on what to do with all the tennis rackets and balls that I only use half of the year. They have: SOOO Much stuff. I am going to pick up some Rolling Pet Food Containers soon. If you need a step stool, shoe rack, toy storage bin, roll-out-cabniet drawer, fancy trash can, soda pop organizer, spice rack, garment rack, hamper or jewelry box this is the place to go! Why only Four stars??? This place is slightly over-priced. I personally like to hit the Walmart after holiday sales to pick up storage bins for about $3 each. I found similar ones for over $20 bucks each! Sure, they may be name-brand and more stylish, but who needs a name brand storage box? Sadly, we don't have an ikea here in Las Vegas, but Ikea has comparable items for a lot less. They do have many items I have never seen elsewhere, so if you need a special item you may find a great deal here!
5	I'm an organizing freak so naturally I give it 5 stars. Employees are super helpful!!
5	Well you don't come here to save money. You come here to organize your home and this store has items I have never even thought of. I will tell you that $700 dollars later, my pantry is transfromed into a streamlined facet of my kitchen. Money well spent.
5	I must say that this location is very clean and organized.  The store is very well laid out and it is welled marked to find which department you are needing.  They have many containers for kitchen, They have just about everything you may need for organization.  I can in to find a jar with a seal to store my brown sugar.   They had several options from plastic containers to glass jars. Product were priced better than the big box stores which is a plus, I'm not a fan of some big box stores.  The Cashier was very friendly and helpful!  I'll be back!
4	Feeling a bit unorganized?  This is the place to fix that.  I walked by the store thinking what kind of containers would require someone to open a whole store.  This place is much more than what the name suggests.  I was ready to redesign my closet,  bedroom,  and any other place in my house ending with the word room.  This place is great!
5	If you are someone like me, a slightly OCD/organizing freak, this is THE store for us.Imagine aisles and aisles of containers of all shapes and sizes/material... you my friend, are in organizing heaven. (Cue the "ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh")I was excited for this store mainly for makeup storage purposes. I had been looking online and at the container stores we have back home, but never found the acrylic drawers I wanted. I found it here for $14.99, which I consider a steal, especially compared to prices online for a similar product. Success! I also found clear lunch containers which I was extremely happy with too. I could've probably picked up more things than I got, but had self control and only picked up the things I really wanted. The hubs also found storage for his art supplies. A couple that organizes, stays together... that's the saying, right? Lol.
4	The Container Store is a very cool place to get organized, find useful storage, and create nice gift bags.  I got my carry-on suitcase here when the store first opened in town - my dad is a big fan of the Eagle Creek luggage line which has a lifetime warranty.  I bought a royal blue suitcase.  I only have the suitcase but the Container Store has a complete system of foling mechanisms and cosmetic cases to match the suitcases.Now to reveal my secret (which may not surprise anyone), I have an enormous collection of miniature Japanese food that is always growing.  Until I have a dream house with a fake sushi bar display case of some sort, I store my miniature sushi and Japanese meals in acrylic display boxes and cylindrical displays with multiple "shelves" that swivel.  Those are very cool (I have 3 and 4 swivel layer sizes) and could be used for desk supplies or spices even.  Every time I have gone in here I find exactly what I need.  Some times related items are not near each other (I found 4-divider acrylic boxes on the south side of the store, but most of the other acrylic boxes and cases are on the north side).  A little hunting is fun too anyway!
3	A great addition to Town Square. If you are looking to organize anything at all, this is the place! A kitchen or closet, or separating all of your EDC beads, they have a selection. Plenty of staff on hand to help, but I personally like wandering the halls looking at all the fun stuff. My most recent trip was looking for sample containers for my essential oils, as well as a big container to store them all in. I found a big one but was not so successful in small dark glass drams as I was hoping for. In the past I have gotten school supplies, shoe storage, photo boxes, make up containers, and multiple styles of pill bottles. The prices could be better, because the majority of the stuff is made in China, and just average quality. Sometimes avoiding a trip to Wal-Mart is worth a few extra $$'s in my opinion! Its a one stop shop for everything you need in the world of getting organized!
4	I came here with a ton of cash and could hardly contain myself from completely casing the joint. Their service is airtight and left me well covered. The Container Store really knows how to think outside of the box, and I'm always happy with all their handy little storage options.
4	I am absolutely the worst homemaker but somehow I like organizers. My theory is if things are micromananged down to assigned little compartments I am more apt to probably put it back in place....at least I hope so.I needed some sort of spice organize and saw drawer spice organizers that seemed to be a good idea....aannnd in my true cursed fashion, my drawer is half a inch too small! This has been the theme to my kitchen revamp, but luckily I found a acrylic spice rack I liked a lot. It's hard to find spice racks that are NOT prefilled or a bit more unique and modern looking. I also found some stuff to organize my wooden cutting boards. The BF found some storage containers that are air/water tight for some of the overance from our cigar acquisitions. Some things are fairly priced and some items like a acylic jewelry case for $100 make me go WTF, but I love this store for filling niche in organization for people with very specific needs.I love also all their kitchen area accessories! Great place to find items like mason jars or dram bottles for infusions. I also like their custom closet modules as well, though those are pretty costly. I will be back soon as some other drawers are still not quite right, but I'll make sure to come with measurements since the half inch too small/big curse is very real and I live very far.
4	For the 'Monica Gellar' in all of us, this place has the storage and organizational tools for every part of your home!  Located in Town Square, you can easily see the front from Las Vegas Blvd.  Parking is plentiful here and I would doubt you'd have any issues finding a spot.  You walk into a bright and airy store that is so organized that I felt my house was messy.   Any size container, any drawer organizer or closet organizational system can be found here.  They have some really great kitchen ideas that I didn't realize I needed until that moment I saw it.  Damn them for making me spend more money! LOL  The customer service here was good!  The cashiers were friendly and quick.   They had someone help bag the items so it helped moved any lines along fast.  Now that I've experienced this store once, I know I'll be back.
3	I dont get the hype of this place especially when it first opened. When I found out people were excited this place was opening up and were still hyping it up after checking it out, I guess eventually I will get around to it. I just happen to be shopping at Whole Foods with the fam next door when I realized this was our chance to check it out.First of all, I didnt set my expectations too high based on the excitement factor of others that have told me about it. Good thing I didnt because after my visit, I was still trying to figure out what all the excitement is about.I will just come right out and say it. Its a mini me of an Ikea store. Pretty much the same things that you would find at the Swedish place but on a way smaller scale. I guess since there is no Ikea in Vegas, these guys are betting on the fact that people need a store like that so here they are. After walking around through the whole store which didnt take much time, I really didnt see anything that peaked my interest and I am usually bad for buying things on impulse. On this occasion, I did not give anything I saw an extra second to think that I might really need it later on down the road sometime.As for service, I dont recall anybody that worked there asked me if I needed anything or asked how I was doing. Maybe it was the sheer look of boredom that was written all over my face that they thought that I didnt need anything at all.So, sorry to those guys that felt giddy about shopping here. I literally yawned about 10 times from the moment I stepped inside to walking out the front door. Good thing they dont sell any kind of bedding or I might still be there snoozing away. Also add the fact that they dont have a food court where I can have some meatballs or at least some cinnamon rolls to make my stay there actually worthwhile. Might as well have built this place next to the Downtown Container Park so that at least you can have some kind of theme going on. Who knows, you just might become a very popular multibillion dollar company like that one guy who started out with just a simple mouse...............Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #121 "Some imagination huh?"
4	Love this place! has everything you can possible think of to organize any room in your house. From small things to huge things they have it all. They have great plastic containers to organize anything. Love shopping here!
3	I found this store similar to a Ikea except Ikea is much cheaper.  I think you would be better off going to Target or some other store similar to get some of the products there.  If you want specialty items you may want to look here, but otherwise save your money and spend it on some good grub lolHappy yelpingxoxox
1	We found nothing we were looking for.  The staff was incredibly rude. I do not recommend visiting this store!
4	If you love organization this is the place to be! I can be in this store for hrs! I think they have great prices on most things and not so great on others. I've been to this store a few times and every single time I find something I can't leave the store without!!!
4	Container Store is full of things you didn't even know that you needed like an organizer for all of your electric hair styling tools or recycled cardboard boxes perfectly sized for storing those relics that are CDs.For someone as organization-challenged as me, this store is a dream in helping me make my home the functional living space that I need it to be. From kitchen to bedroom to living room to bathroom, this place has it all. Sure a lot of these things you can get at Target or IKEA for half the price, but they do offer some not so common items that you're not likely to find anywhere else.The staff here is really friendly, helpful and knowledgeable enough about the products that even a vague description of something that you are not entirely sure exists will yield helpful results from an employee. Highly recommend for anyone who has trouble organizing their life or if you're looking for a gift for the organization maniac in your life who has everything.
4	If you are in the mood or need to get organized, this place you need to go.  Plenty of ideas and knick knacks to help you get organized.Do you ever have these issues:a. My phone cords keep falling to the floor.b. There is a lot of wasted space in my shelves.c.  Where can I get some shelves that are contemporary?d.  Where do I put my bike?e.  What do I do with all my sports items?f.  I need a really cool cutting board.g.  I need a trash can that has intelligence.h.  Time to organize all my hair products from the floor.i. I need to organize my shoes.j.  I want to redo my kid's desk spaces.I mean, just about anything you want to organize, and you will find either the product here or the inspiration.  I do find pricing to be a bit high, so I often will check prices on Amazon to be sure.  However, I usually buy from the Container Store as it is very nice and convenient. The staff here is great.  The store is well organized and very, very clean!GK says, don't wait for Spring,  get down here now.
3	First time being here, I have avoided this place Ckuz I knew what type of damage I could do but when I first walked in the associates continued with their conversation and not once greeted me. I spent about a hour in the store shopping around and not once in that entire hour was I offered help. It's a place where you can definitely get lost in options if someone was there to assist me I guarantee I would have spent double of what I did. In places like this assisting customers would be a priority for me. Although at check out they where helpful and polite so the end of my experience was decent. First impressions are everything if I walked in expecting not to buy something the lack of service would have sent me right back out those doors. I did enjoy the options and I did buy more then expected but helping myself wasn't fun.
4	Really helpful staff found everything we adjective about in a hot minute.  Got some really reasonably priced accessories for jewelry drawer, closets, and shelving.This company has a great success story based on commitment, and capitalism, and ever have their own book on the counter!  The store is very well organized and they have everything you could possibly imagine for closets, garages, work places, etc.  even saw some stuff I'd never heard about of thought of, for organizing everything.I got two felt tie racks for five bucks!  Great deal on everything we got there.It's easy to find near the North Parking garage, where we parked and a short walk.Well recommended, I would return to this one or any other location.
3	It's a cool place and the sales people were very helpful BUT they didn't have what I needed, which forced me to visit several other stores in the area, which was super inconvenient. They have a good selection of mason jars and ingredient display jars, but most were very expensive and not the right size and shape.
3	I've been here several times before on previous visits to Town Square and each time, I was overwhelmed by all of the organizing options in my face.  Closets crammed full of clothes and other crap?  Come to TCS!  Kitchen vomiting on itself?  Come to TCS!  Need a new phone cover?  Er...come to TCS and check out the bargain bin in the front of the store (I saw a few cases for $5 each.).  I bought a bamboo cutlery tray on my most recent visit and am very happy with the look and feel of said tray.  The salesclerk seemed pretty happy to assist me in my task and the store is clean and um, organized (but huge!).  Frankly, a lot of the containers one might need for organizing can be found cheaply elsewhere (Target, I mean you), so I don't see myself frequenting TCS a lot.  I think it would be prudent to have a list and a very good idea of what you want/need prior to stepping inside TCS, otherwise it will be too easy to get very distracted.  Or perhaps that's just me!  In any case, it's fun to look around if you have the time and patience, but I'd rather save my pennies and buy most of the containers and other related gadgets somewhere less spendy.
2	Worst customer service! I went on 12/13/14 around 3pm to pick up a few items I previously viewed online as I wanted to be in and out quickly. I'm the 2nd person in line and all computers freeze, or so I thought, the cashiers failed to tell us so all customers are just waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting. One cashier starts to take customers but doesn't acknowledge my line. After the third person she calls, I say that I was next and she replies "Well are you sure?" Of course I'm sure! I've been standing here waiting! She then tells me that her register only accepts cash (why assume I don't have cash???) I tell her that's fine I have cash. Then she asks the woman she was going to take if it's ok to take me!!!! WTH!!!! I think I'll stick to ordering online bc I don't want to return at all.
4	Being somewhat O.C.D. about organization, The Container Store is my Vahalla when it comes to, well... containers.  They literally have any size, any shape your heart could desire.  There is every kind of tape you could ever wish for.  A whole section dedicated to gift wrap alone.  Tons of little gadgety things that you never knew you needed.. but you do.. you need all of it.  I love everything about The Container Store except the hefty price tag.  I can often to to Target & get almost the same things for half the price. I usually go in there just to get ideas for storage solutions & then buy the actual storage things somewhere else....
