5	Omg yes!! Welcome to Vegas. I always go there whenever I m in sf visiting family. Now I can have their yummy desserts n drinks not far from my house. I am so excited. I have no doubt you will do well in Vegas
2	I had high hopes since I had been to Bambu in the Bay Area. The drinks were quite watery and not tasty. I'm hoping that they'll get better at creating the desserts since they just opened.Parking lot is also tiny so you might have to park in the side street.On the plus side K-pop videos kept me entertained!
4	Good desserts and nice place to hang but bad location. Right next to Hot n Juicy (older one) which is almost impossible to find a parking.
5	Now I can get Bambu even in Vegas!! Great clean location with awesome friendly staff. #6 is my go to when I want something sweet. It has the yummy jellies and I also get my fruit for the day. Double whammy :)
3	It's like finally we have a Vietnamese dessert place but sadly not what I expected. I went here twice. what sucks is that if you use card it's always a fifty cents fee. The first time I was here i ordered #6 because of the word Jack fruit. The dessert had less fruit in it. It was mostly ice, coconut, and green jelly that blended in with the ice. I guess because Viet dessert is known for its coconut? The second time I ordered #20 because of lychee. Again I got mostly ice and less of the items that were suppose to be in it. I probably come back, but I will ask for less ice if that will work.
5	I love their Vietnamese desserts and #34 Hazelnut Mocha is boMB!
4	I stopped by here a few times now to get my Vietnamese dessert fix. The first time was probably the most memorable for me, as the cashier was this smoking hot Asian guy with a charismatic personality. (I wonder if he's single???) A habitual animal that I am, I always opted for the usual combo: red beans, coffee jelly, red tapioca and mung beans. Their desserts always hit the spot for me and I tend to replace my dinner by eating just this. It is that filling. The quality seems consistent every time as well.
5	When I first walked in I noticed right a way the beautiful bambu wall. It's really nice inside. I was surprised that it was pretty packed. Then again who doesn't know Bambu :D first off the menu is the same as the other Bambus. I was afraid that the desserts here wouldn't be delish like the other Bambus. Boy I was wrong, my favorite desserts number 6 was great or maybe even better. Very friendly staff and a few cute guys in the back ;)  I will defininatly  be back to this location ever time I party in Vegas!!!
2	So unfortunately I have to say I was quite disappointed... I know this is a vietnamese dessert place but do i have to listen to paris by night while I am waiting for my order for 20 minutes?  There were only two orders before mine and three people working... But it still took 20 minutes... its not like they made me new coconut milk... its all pre made all they had to do is put it together.... so disappointed... maybe since I have been to the california locations and they were much busier and got my dessert order out in a timely manner.  on top of the fact that there is absolutely no parking.. BTW if you intend to charge a card there is a fee.  So bring cash...
5	First of all I want to comment on the appearencr...so I came here after the gym and was astonished on how amazing this place looks on the inside, it seems like the owners put alot of time and effort into this this place. everything from the decor to the counter looks so modernized yet relative to its bambu theme. This place looks like a cool place to hang out for people of all ages.Secondly, is the drinks; so basically i just got out of the gym and wanted something to quench my thirst so i asked the countergirl, "what's really refreshing here"? and she told me about the "passion fruit drink," so i ordered it...the drink was amazing and delicious it was inexplicable on how fresh the ingredience were. This is a "must comeback" for me especially when it gets warmer.
5	I love their hazelnut mocha extra strong!!! This Bambu is a lot nicer than the one in Santa Clara, Ca.  Will definitely come back when ever I'm in vegas!!!!!!
5	This place is pure perfection! Unbelievable boba smoothies.The coconut and strawberry smoothies with boba are the best I've ever had.This place is the new standard for boba spots!!!!!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this new boba location! I usually go to the Tea Station but this place is a whole lot cheaper by like $2 bucks or so. I did go to one of the Bambu Desserts & Drinks location over in the far west in Honolulu,Hawai'i but this one was seemed cleaner. Service was great, boba was delicious and flavor was excellent.
4	Bambu boba has more unique flavors than your ad average place.  My boyfriend said his taro boba was better than our usual place.  They have fresh taro but the large size was smaller than what we're used to and the boba is smaller too.  I had the sapota boba which tastes like a malty fruity beer.  The desserts are really interesting and kind of healthy.  We shared the bambu special which had fresh coconut,  basil seeds (kind of like Chia seeds), pandan jelly and lychees. Super yummy.  :)
5	This place is So good. I love how there's always welcoming friendly people working  behind the counter. I got the thai milk tea and number  4 dessert. I can't wait to come back here.  Definitely a MUST try especially if you have a sweet tooth and love Vietnamese desserts.
3	The first Bambu store I tried was in San Mateo, California. Since I liked that one so much, I was excited to find out there was a Bambu in Las Vegas which just opened. Conveniently, we had just finished dinner at Hot and Juicy so why not top the night off with a dessert drink. I order the #10, which consists of coconut milk, red tapioca, pandan jelly, and grass jelly. The drink was good all except for the lack of coconut milk. It is true, after you mix everything together, the mixture becomes a watered-down skim-milk beverage. If I had never had the same drink in San Mateo, then I would have never noticed the difference in consistency and flavor. I hope they step up their standards and put in more coconut milk and/or less ice. I would probably go back once every full moon, because I don't know of any places that serve these types of drinks in Las Vegas. If you do, send me a message!
4	I saw this dessert place when I was grubbing my noodle at Pho So 1 across the street. I had try their Che at Westminster's store and it was ok, but since I'm really craving something sweet and refreshing after my meal so I decided to try them again, the store was clean and the staff was very friendly, Thuy the cashier recommend #1 the bambu special, and it was so good, it came with basil seed, longan, pieces of young coconut and pandan jelly in coconut water. So glad I pick up a good drink for my long drive back to LA
5	First time trying their specialty drinks and they are amazing! The service is alway great! Our new fave spot!
4	Very good! Nice and warm welcome by friendly and pretty girl.  Drinks tasted great.  Priced fair.  Quality fresh.  Vast selections.  Too bad the spot was right next to a sleazy looking massage parlor and another shop squishing this place in between and felt the outside is kind of dirty.  Must be because lack of a patio or even a "sidewalk."  Will definitely go back.  Maybe try their snacks.
1	I was excited to try this new boba spot. The cafe was clean and the service was great. I ordered four drinks of varying flavors and every single one tasted like it had been mixed with hairspray or perfume. It was super funky and left a waxy film in my mouth. No one...and I mean no one in family took more than two sips. Such a bummer and a waste of $15.
3	I'm debating between 3 and 4 stars for this place.  I'm glad it has the ordinary Vietnamese desserts that I love.  However, the quality has not been consistence.  I came 10 times during the last month and ordered almost everything on the desert drink menu.  Most drinks are make to order, but be aware that some ingredients are straight from the canned.  The restroom is clean and it plays mixed Vietnamese, U.S. hip-hop, rap and techno video music.  Overall, it is a decent place whenever you crave Vietnamese desserts and good Boba.
5	My hubby and I have been here three times now and it has been consistent on both quality and customer service. I go for the dessert drinks and my husband opts for the fruit smoothies. The #10 is my favorite so far and I highly recommend it!
5	LOVE their #10 dessert drink.  That's the only drink I have had for the two times I have been there.  The regular size is almost a meal itself but for less than $4 (excluding tax).  This is definitely a great spot to get some Vietnamese drinks/dessert!
4	The service was a bit slow. They have the cups behind the counter that looked to be filled with the main ingredients of each dessert. They then add the shaved ice and liquid (coconut milk or juice). I don't see how that took 2 minutes when me and my friend were the only ones there. I am not Vietnamese so a lot of stuff was foreign to me but I like to try new things. We got a #1 Bambu Special (coconut, pandan jelly, longan, basil seed, coconut juice) and a #6 (lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, jello, coconut milk), and they were both very good and we got to try a lot of new things. I wish they made a size smaller than regular though, I personally couldn't finish it all. But it was good and I suggest everyone give it a try.
3	So this is different!!!Looking for an after dinner dessert places on yelp, I came across this little place. I had never had this type of desert drinks before.I grabbed the number 6 off the menu and not knowing what I ordered I felt like I was ordering into the food order unknown! My unknown drink came out in a boba/soda like cup with a straw and spoon. I made the mistake of jumping in with the straw first and was unable to drink anything with the amount of jelly and other assorted stuff! Make sure to stir!The menu has quite an extensive array of drinks and desserts which I think run up to about 50 or 60 things!The decor is a cross between lounge and cafe!! Also it's Nice and clean as well.My drink was good, I'm not gonna lie is was ok. I saw quite a few Java drinks that looked pretty sexy and next time I'll grab one...I think this a hit or miss kinda joint! You'll like or love it
3	They have a wide selection of items to choose from their menus.  And staff was friendly.  Cute little spot, But they could definitely change out their seat.
5	You can add ingredients for no extra cost!It's basically the "Che" Desserts that I go there for. They are brand new, so it's clean. The staff are very helpful when it comes to selecting a drink that you would enjoy. There are so many options.  If it weren't for the calories, I'd be here everyday.Free wifi. K-Pop music videos played all day long.  Parking situation is a problem...so just park on the small street around the corner.  Located right next to Hot N Juicy and across the street from the Crown & Anchor Pub/Big Lots/Sieu Thi Thuan Phat/Pho So 1 Plaza.
5	Made a pit stop here with my wife before we headed back to Cali after lunch and were not disappointed at all. I originally was looking for a good boba spot on yelp and came across this. We tried the #1 & #6 from some tips on here and were very satisfied. This just might make it on our "must stop by" list for whenever were out here.
5	Great addition to spring mountain.  Some of the ice coffee spots are a little disappointing in town, this is one of the better spots.  A little sweet for some people, but I loved it.  Will def have to try the other deserts, they look fantastic.
4	Parking may be a pain in the butt sonce it's such s small parking lot shared with Hot & Juicy but it's so worth it lol I'm here at least twice a week and so is my mom.  For something fruit filled and refreshing I recommend #6. It's my favorite.
3	I am not a huge fan of che, I usually come here for the smoothies not really for Che but since my mom love it, so we come here often. The place is cute and have some good products. The only reason I knocked 2 stars from the rating is due to the place's efficiency. The first 4 times I came here it took me 15 minute for 1 cups of Che and a smoothie. I don't mind the wait, but other people might. I didn't plan to come here anymore until my god mother said that they have gotten better with it so I came back tonight and it's the same thing ! 15 minutes for a cup of Che and a smoothie. Like i said I don't mind waiting for it, but I don't think it's worth 15 minutes for. There are other places to get smoothies and Che. I'm not saying that I will never come back, but I won't be coming back as often as I would like to.
4	Cool little place for drinks and hanging out. They have WiFi and Korean pop music and music videos. Have a big menu to chose from and all drinks are delicious. Normally takes them a while though if you go during a busy time. Everybody is friendly though..Be aware, the charge 50 cents for credit/debit cards...this was a couple weeks ago that I paid with card so not sure if they still do it, I just take cash now...
4	Their coconut milk tea is seriously off the hook! I love the decadent coconut flavor and it's not watered down at all. It is a little bit more on the sweet side, but if you drink it after the ice has melted a little bit, then it's perfect! I also tried those grass jelly milk tea. It's very milky and not overly sweet. The grass jelly is fun to slurp up into the straw and I love the soft jelly texture. I don't really like their boba, it's small and harder in texture than what I'm used to. I think if they cooked the tapioca pearls slightly longer it would achieve the al dente texture. Other than that, this place is a gem for dessert drinks and I'll definitely be back to try their desserts!
5	Amazing little place. Very clean. Great selection of Vietnamese deserts.  The only place in town that serve Che. I love #11. Mung bean with banh lot. So yummy.
3	I have been to Bambu in Houston and San Francisco and love the dessert there. I was really excited about the one in Vegas until I tried it. It was just OK. The service is not friendly. Although I had a good time with my friends, I think we mostly really enjoyed the V-pop music instead of our dessert. My friends however love their orders because it's their first time trying Vietnamese dessert. I will return but I hope the food gets better next time.
5	Excellent find! I come here weekly, an amazing little place with fresh dessert drinks. Clean I always get # 6 enjoy!
3	I don't want to give this a horrible review, but I went in to get something simple and it was not good at all. I got strawberry milk tea, which I know doesn't taste the same everywhere, but this tasted... sour?I've been to places where it tasted like strawberry milk, places where the milk tea tastes like power, and those have even tasted better. I don't know what it was, but I'm not a fan.Besides that the place looks really nice inside. The selection looked really nice, I don't eat all of the stuff that I saw one the menu, which is why I went with something I thought would be easy to make. Maybe one day I'll go back and try something else.
2	the cashier girls were fun and chatty and helpful, it was good desserts, a bit too sweet for my taste, because i forgot to tell them to put in less syrup. i would have given this place a 4 or 5 stars if i wasn't feeling like being stared down by the muscle head owner who sat nearby acting all high and mighty, i think he need a crash course in customer service skills 101. Customers come to your shop to buy your food and services, SMILE and THANKS them for the business they're bringing into your store, or go back in the kitchen and let your paying customers sit and enjoy eating their desserts
2	In what universe do I have to wait 20 minutes to get boba?? Apparently in Vegas. This place is nestled between a crawfish restaurant and a massage place in Chinatown, approximately 15 minutes from the Strip.I love the original OC locations (including the one in Irvine) but after visiting this location once, I really figure I can get boba faster at home. Despite being a roomy location and very clean, I'm incredibly disappointed that I had to wait almost half an hour for 2 smoothies. You get free boba here with every drink and you can upgrade for just $1 extra. The cashier was friendly enough but considering it was a Saturday and there were multiple people waiting for drinks, they only had one person in the back making drinks and one person in the front, making the place extremely inefficient. As for the drinks themselves, I'm a huge fan of #6 off the dessert menu and the smoothies. Good consistency, and good flavor.
5	The smoothies were delicious with great variety of toppings to add in. Great place with great service. They have vietnamese desserts, which is a new thing for me but very delicious looking and tasted great. The cashier girl recommended me many kinds of combinations for my Vietnamese dessert. Highly recommended for people who want something other than typical boba.
5	First Vietnamese dessert specialty place I've been to/seen. I took my parents after we ate at Hot N Juicy Crawfish next door and it was the perfect place to cool our palettes from the strong cajun flavors!I had the #1 Bambu Special Dessert and it is awesome! It's super refreshing and they use great ingredients. The #1 includes longan, basil seeds, coconut meat, pandan jelly, and coconut water. Legit coconut water-- not any of the Vita Coconut Water stuff. For those of you who've had a fresh coconut before, you know what I mean! My brother got the coffee milk tea. I might not recommend that one so much... Its a little too bitter and bland but maybe it just wasn't to our taste. They also ran out of boba when we got there so I didn't get a chance to try it.The service was really great. They let us stay until "whenever everyone leaves" (way after closing), and all the servers were really nice!Atmosphere is very much like most other boba places- bright, free wi-fi and has lots of seating. They're also great for groups and family friendly.  They played Vietnamese Pop on the tv which I thought was funny because they remind me a lot of Kpop groups, but that's just a random side note. HahahI definitely recommend going here!
4	If ur into Asian desserts this is the place to go...  Its nice to taste some of the drinks and desserts I grew up with when I was a kid
5	So if you're not comfortable with trying the Vietnamese desserts (which are amazing) you can come here for your typical boba smoothies. I like to order the number 4 dessert and number 6, wifey gets the number 1 which is good too..the reason why we love it here because it's like eating Thai or Laos desserts.  if you like sweet coconut milk give the desserts a try if you don't like it the boba is good too
5	great customer service. excellent drinks!
4	Oh yeah! We came after some Hot N Juicy next door to wash away the garlic linger on the palette. I got a random dessert number (I believe 6) as I couldnt decide. It was pretty good. Just the right amount of sweet and was not stingy on the toppings. I was to my limit full after eating this dessert, but I do not regret my evening!  We did not eat in, but inside is simple but nice. They even have a cool fishtank with live plants, cherry shrimp, tetras and mollys.I've been a fan of ice/milk/bean concoction desserts at Viet restaurants, but wanted to find a place with variety more than the "three bean" dessert. I most definitely will be back to try more desserts and try some of the beverages. So far, I am really excited that we have a place like this!
5	I ordered the litchi smoothie! Decadent, and deserving off a return visit.Everyone else in my group loved their drinks/deserts. No complaints!
5	First time trying it... Reminds me of my childhood years..grumbing on some good Vietnamese dessert.
5	A must stop in place for me when I'm in town, awesome desserts & drinks! My favorite is the # 3 on the wall menu, 3 color cold drink (Che 3 Mau).
4	Took a customer here this morning for a quick meeting over "coffee". We ended up each ordering a #1 dessert. It was absolutely yummy! There were some longans, coconut, basil seeds and green squiggly thingies. We both wolfed it down in no time. Service was friendly and fast (although we were there right when they opened at 10am). The guy at the counter even turned down the music for us because it was a bit too loud to carry a conversation in there. Minus 1 star for some of their seatings that are a bit worn out (i.e. the white couches), almost fell through the thing when we sat down. Will definitely return and try all the other goodies on the menu!
5	Im glad that they opened a location here.  My favorite is #10 dessert with mung bean!The cashiers are friendly.  Thuy is always nice and bubbly!
4	My first time trying this place was in Hawaii. They're a franchise that was brought in, but definitely a decent place overall. I loved this place in Hawaii and went there twice because I knew I couldn't get what I wanted back in Vegas but now that they're here I can! You can try anything and it'll be at least decent. Just keep an open mind when trying new things! Otherwise there are always your safe options! =] I love getting drinks here and they even have fresh passion fruit juice! (one of my favorite fruits)Most people don't understand Asian places, but they're always bound to get marked off for something from the health department. Although some of it was just ridiculous, I'll still probably wait a little while before going back after my initial couple of visits.
4	I love #1. Super refreshing and the pandan jelly is yummy. It also has basil seeds, longan, and coconut slices. I've only been to two bambus  and I feel like the one in my area taste a little more refreshing and crisp. The drinks come out pretty quickly but I wished this location would be opened later since it's Vegas.
5	I ordered the Che ba Mau and was pleasantly surprised at how traditional the dessert was. It was delicious! Overall the restaurant is very clean and well decorated. The service was great and the coffee was scrumptious as well!
4	Parking: small shared lot, I didn't have a problem finding parking but I can only imagine this place being packed and seeing cars circling around looking for a spot.Service: the lady at the register (she also made my drink) was so friendly and nice! She saw my kandi and asked if I had gone to EDC. I liked that she tried to make small talk with me, if I had a tradeable, I would've definitely gave her one :P Drink: I ordered #4. It was yummy! I kind of wish that all of my drink was cold when I got it though, maybe I just haven't had a Vietnamese desert drink in too long? I had my friend try it for the first time and he described it as a salad in a cup LOLOL. Tips: +_free wifi, their password is posted on the wall to they right of the register!+_you can add Boba free of charge to any order!+_the lounge couches are pretty worn in and  kind of sink in, so be careful!
4	This is a cute little hangout spot. Different in looks from other boba/snack shops in Chinatown. There's a sitting area in the corner with couches. The selection of drinks was pretty satisfying offering different, as well as unique, flavors. But at the time of my visit (around 8pm Sunday) they ran out of boba
3	The drink was perfectly sweetened and the boba was very soft but still chewy, although the flavor of it was a bit weird. I just dislike the cap that they use for everything.
5	Obsessed with the #1 but swapped out the logan fruit for lychees instead! Not too sweet overall light & refreshing. Big chunks of young coconut meat yummy!
4	It was slow when I came in on a Sunday evening. Great customer service. Overall, it was a nice place to hang out and grab some refreshment. I love the drinks here! Be sure to check-in on Yelp to get $1 off of your drink.
4	This place is clever- their "secret menu" board is just to the left of the cashier, right in plain sight. There, you can find amazing things. I'm referring specifically to their Blended Vietnamese coffee drink- it's like coffee-flavored crack in a cup, blended like a dessert. It's so deliciously intoxicating, that I'd be hard-pressed to turn down a proposal if it were accompanied by one of these drinks. Take notes, suitors!Interior is pleasant with KPOP music videos playing, service is upbeat and friendly, wifi is free, and upgrading your drink to a large is just $1 more- what more could you want?!
3	A piece of San Jose in Vegas.Service is great and orders come out fairly quickly.The only problem is that the flavor/taste is inconsistent sometimes. They tend to be bland every now and then.
4	I tried number 9 - grass jelly and pandan jelly with coconut milk. It was good at first but got too sweet after awhile. I'll try something else the next time I'm here. This place is new and clean.
1	The cashier Khong needs to be bitch slapped... If she wants to be in the service industry, she NEEDS a total attitude adjustment. One star for the guy who made the drinks. Keep the nasty attitude up and you will see more reviews like this...shaking head!
2	wasn't one of the best boba visits I've had here in town. there are other places that have better quality products.  they did just open up a few months ago, so I'd give them a while to find their niche and offer something Vegas doesn't already have.
5	This place is love at first taste. Enough said. I love everything here. Even my mom who is a stingy vietnamese Che (their desserts) snob has fallen in love with this place.
5	Really Clean, Excellent Menu !
2	We are loyal customers to Bambu back in Seattle, WA so when we found one here in LV we were more than excited. As we got our order, we quickly realized that they had given us the wrong drinks. We told one of the employees that it was wrong and she rudely told us that this is what we ordered. This happened for 2 out of our 4 drinks. (We ordered a number 13 and 14 and got a number 3 and 4) So this could have not been our wrong doing but the fault of who took our order because we always order the same drinks. At any other place they would have redone our drinks without question. I would have given this place more stars if the customer service was better and the food was more fresh.
5	Thuy the cashier was super sweet. It was our first time here and she recommended drinks for us. The drinks were interestingly weird but still good.
5	I am so happy I ran into this place!  I've been a fan of their drinks and desserts ever since I had the pleasure of enjoying their selections of Vietnamese desserts in the Bay Area.  I like item #3 Che Thap Cam combo.  I will make time to sample the others....
4	I am so excited to have found a place that has the icy asian fruity jelly desserts usually only found in Asia. It has all the Asian smoothies and boba drinks that other places do, but the desserts are what sets it apart in my mind. I haven't had one since the last time I was in Bangkok. Love it!
5	I'm writing this as I'm drinking my #10 with boba...THIS DRINK IS AMAZING. How did I not know this place was here?! This isn't too far from my house and it's a cute little spot in Chinatown. They have many options, they have options for everyone! They have free wifi so I could definitely hang out here with some friends and have some drinks. I would totally study here if the music wasn't so loud! Turn down the music just a little please! Otherwise everything is great. Staff are very clean and friendly. LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	I absolutely love this place!! I used to be a loyal customer to No. 1 Boba Tea in China town for years! then they stopped using real fruit and switched to powder which I was okay with at first as long as the taste was still great, but after 3 times of trying I came to a sad acceptance that my favorite boba place for 6yrs is no longer my favorite. Thanks to my need for the delicious sweet drink and chewy rice balls I found this place after a long search. They have the creamiest smoothies I've ever had, not to mention their perfectly made tapioca bubbles. I come at least twice a week on a mission to try everything on their menu, and I have to say I love it all and the best thing about this place, they use real fruit!! I am now a Bambu loyal customer.
5	I've been to several Bambu locations in Southern California. This Las Vegas location is significantly better than the others in service, cleanliness, taste and price. They offer a checkin offer for 1$ off and also have two different sizes to choose from. I always order the #10: red tapioca, grass jelly, pandan jelly with a coconut milk and crushed ice base. I really wish all the locations would provide you with more crushed ice because oftentimes it melts too quickly or the beverage is too sweet. Will definitely stop by on future trips :)
4	#6 is the bomb! I come here a few times a month.... Prices are good. Check-in for 1.00$ off. Lots of good selections.
5	I first tried this place in Portland, Oregon, so when I first saw it here I was extremely excited! This is my new favorite drink stop. The place is clean, cute, and a great price. Drinks are an average of $4. The most popular drink there is #6. I have tried that and #10 which has just a few less ingredients. Both are good but my favorite has to be #9 which has pandan jelly, grass jelly, and coconut milk. This drink is simple and delicious. I'll be back soon BAMBU...
5	who doesn't like BAMBU DRINKS!!!We were tired and beat, hydrated and stress out from all the casinos fast pace of Las Vegas. Needed a place to cool down and relax this place has it all. The ambiance and atmosphere is a nice and casual place with free WiFi comfortable leather self us and updates music. Right in the middle of Chinatown this place it's a treasure if you can find it.We ordered two rounds of fresh drinks. I had thier famous ice coffee perfect size of condensed milk not too much but just right I went on my laptop and surf the web. It's your asians or like Asian atmosphere upbeat music and fresh refreshing drinks that'll cool you down and relax your muscles try this place out you won't be disappointed. Oh we spent like two hours here on them comfortable leather couch watching music video and kicking back.
5	I come to Bambu desserts almost every day. They have the best vietnamese coffee and the servers Julie and Thuy always are friendly and remember my name
5	I got the #1 dessert which is the Bambu special definately recommend it. Also got the taro coconut smoothie recommend that also.
5	Very pleased with my experience,I wasn't sure what to order and the girl taking my order suggested a few things.Very nice and friendly and service was fast as well.Will be visiting frequently!
5	Yum, had the Chai Tea with coconut milk and Boba and it was delicious. Would definitely come back again to try something else.
5	I love this place :) the best dessert in town!
5	Really good - i would come here instead of Starbucks.  Clean, good atmosphere and the cleek was super nice . This is my new favorite coffee shop
5	As many says here as well....I LOVE this place! The coconut milk they use is very fresh, light and not too overwhelming. What I also love most about this place compared to  other Vietnamese dessert places is how I can modify it to pretty much whatever I want without major up-charges. I always get my #10 (red tapioca, grass and pandan jelly and ADD longan and basil seeds).  I can choose to not add additional sweetener into it as the other ingredients naturally are cooked in a little sweetener already. So its perfectly and lightly sweetened even if you don't add any more to it.Parking: This place can be hard to find as its in a corner of a street next to Hot & Juicy Crawfish which I LOVE to go to as well. It parking is VERY small but since there isn't much people to knows about the place or normally come to this location, I never had trouble finding a space.Price: A little costly compared to other Vietnamese dessert places but I don't mind paying that little extra for what I get. Its yummy and refreshing on a really hot day!
5	I'm here at least once a week because their boba is perfect!Customer service is excellent here. They are always welcoming customers with smiles and I feel welcomed when I walk in. They are friendly and helpful...love it. I also like how the drinks come out so fast. I noticed that cashiers do not make the drinks. I guess they take orders by computer and its sent to the back. I never waited more than 3 minutes for my drinks.As far as the drinks goes, I only get Jasmine milk tea with boba. I always make sure to get it light sugar because their drinks are a bit too sweet for me. I have tried those dessert drinks and I'm not a fan of those. It's very unique but I guess it depends on personal preference. Their green tea smoothie was really good. I must say it was better than Starbuck's green tea frappucino. Their boba is cooked just right. I like it's soft and somewhat chewy. The boba pearls got sweetness to itself which is another reason why I make my tea light sugar.I don't like the parking in this plaza. The parking is so tiny and is only enough for like 10 cars...I don't like parking in front of people's houses but that's the only choice I have when I need my boba fix. Another thing, music is too loud.P.S. Check-in on yelp to get $1 off your order!
1	The worse avocado smoothly ever.  It doesn't taste avocado, I don't know what they mix but I drink this almost every day but today i stop by this Bambu dessert,( I'm from San Francisco) it is the worse dessert.  I'm craving for avocado and it Tastes so bad.:( and my husband has Che Ba Mau, it is also bad.
4	This is a drink spot. I just recently got into this boba thing about a year or so ago and this is one of those spots. But it does separate itself from the others for their desert drinks and they put the favorites on the wall as well as their secret menu. Their slushes were ok but I think desert drinks are what they are known for anyway. They are sweet so if ure in the mood for that, try this place out. Also, if ure Filipino, #2 and #3 taste like halo halo.Also the Vietnamese coffee with no sugar is mad concentrated and will keep u laced up all night.
5	It's a Bambu in Vegas! Woot! Located next door to Hot and Juicy Crawfish, the parking lot is small. It's a clean little spot to stop in and pick up my fav Avocado smoothie with pandan jelly. In and out, and back in town, to partaaaay, with the energy from my Bambu treat.
5	I'm here at least once a week. I love the deserts and especially love the taro and durian. I like how they use real fruits. Julie was was accommodating and very well informed about what I should put in my desert. Deffinitely a go-to for boba.
5	I love that there's a Bambu Dessert here in Vegas. I literally come here almost everyday and I can't get enough of it!! Everything here is just so good! They have a wide selection of desserts, milk teas, smoothies made out of REAL fruit, iced coffee and frappucinos. In the corner of the store, they have this little comfy white couch area to hangout with friends and they provide cards and board games underneath the table. Its nicely decorated. They're always playing KPOP or american music videos on the tv. There's also free wifi here so it's the perfect place to study. I've never been a big fan of boba but Bambu makes it perfect it here. Its has this malty flavor that I can't really explain and it's the right amount of chewy. The desserts are light and sweet. # 1 and 10 are my favorite. Recently they added a option where you can add ICE CREAM to your dessert or milk tea for $.75! I love adding vanilla ice cream and boba to my taro milk teaThey have great customer service. The moment I walk in, they greet me with a smile, chat me up and remember my name. They're so friendly and attentive to my every dessert/boba need. Parking can be a pain at times when it gets busy. They're located right next to Hot n' Juicy so that's a plus.
5	I showed up right when they opened. Woops! Sorry, I had dragon breath from stinky tofu and wanted to wash it down.Super nice chick working inside. She was very sweet. I always order the #1, and she was NOT stingy with the pandan jelly (my favorite part) Thanks for making my vacay so enjoyable and giving me more goodies than the Bambu in SF does!
4	I know BAMBU is a chain, but I enjoyed my experience at this particular location, so I will write a brief review for it. Ordering and getting my dessert was quick. I got the Che Trai Cay ($4.25) which has all my favorite fruits and jellies... lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, pandan jelly, jello, and coconut. BAMBU has every sort of combination dessert possible. When you think about it, the desserts are way more filling than the milk teas for a better price, so keep that in mind. I'm always unsure of what to order, but everything is good! This location has plenty of tables and chairs to hang out and even a little lounge furniture area for those who need a little more unwinding with their beverage or dessert. Overall great place to just chill and get a midday or after dinner snack.
2	Ppl always go here and say it's good, but I've gone twice here in CA and in Las Vegas.  Had bad experience for both. Only difference was Vegas service was so much better with the staff. First time my friends and I went one of the drinks was suppose to have crushed ice, where you stir it and it mixes into drink, but instead it was just a clump of ice. We asked for ice or another cup and the lady just look at us as though she about to knock us out. Horrible service, we waited long with an unfriendly welcome. Vegas, service was great with friendly staff, but again the drinks were eh, so so. Maybe just my luck but I don't think I'll be back.
3	First time here and it is a cool little place to check out. I tried the black Brick milk tea with little pieces of coffee jelly. Next time I'll be brave enough to do the coconut milk drinks with jelly and fruit. Thanks for the free upgrade to a large drink just for checking in on yelp!! Too bad you ran out of boba... Meh!
