5	They email me pictures of the work they did on my roof so I know something was really done!  Mike did all kinds of extra work for me at no cost while he was on my roof and showed us pictures of other issues that may be a problem down the road.  Very professional, high energy, thorough, and even got me in earlier than expected even though all the rains we recently got has made them busy.  I highly recommend these guys and will use them in the future.
5	These guys are top notch!!! I would highly recommend Stell Roofing to anyone looking for a complete replacement or a repair. They are 100% honest,  reliable and  knowledgeable. I felt like I was in really good hands by choosing them. They worked quickly and efficiently and did a really great job. They even cleaned up their huge mess, so that it was completely spotless when they were done. The whole experience was awesome and no hassle at all. I will definitely be contacting them for any of my future roofing needs and will recommend them to all of my friends and family.
5	Nobody wants to wake up and find out they need a new roof. Well, that is exactly what happened to me. I am a single mother of 3 with a limited income so I was very concerned about how I was going to be able to get my roof fixed.I did some research on local roofing companies and the first one to come out was Mike with Stell roofing. After his visit I was sold. Mike explained in detail what needed to be done and gave me an estimate. I was very pleased with his knowledge and honesty! I called around before I scheduled the work and was not pleased with the answers I got from other companies. Do car salesmen go to work for roofing companies when they can't sell cars? Because all the other people I spoke to just tried to up-sell me on things I did not need and were extremely pushy. Mike and his crew were out promptly to take care of my roof. They were very professional and got the job done quickly. I was extremely pleased with how they protected my landscape from debris when they were doing the work. My roof looks amazing and I feel confident that i will not need Stell roofing's services again for many years to come. I would highly recommend them to anyone needing a roof replacement or repair!
5	I like using family owned local businesses whenever possible and liked the Yelp reviews about Stell Roofing.  I have had bad experiences with roofers in the past from doing half-ass work to taking my money and disappearing so I decided to call three roofers for estimates.  Mike the owner of Stell Roofing was the only one of the three to answer my initial call.  I liked that he was not trying to sell me anything, rather he provided a Readers Digest version of what I should know about Arizona roofs.  Of the three Mike took longer to inspect my roof than the other two combinded.  I liked his attention to detail and it was educational to have him bring me up on the roof.The price for a complete new roof was fair (priced above the cheap quote and several thousand below the other quote).  The workmanship was excellent and his crew cleaned up before leaving.Mike walked the roof with me so I could see what exactly was done and what I paid for.  Excellent roofer and workmanship complete with a warranty.
5	Recently worked wtih Mike Stell on an initial consultation and price estimate for a roof in bad need of repair in Mesa, Az. Wtih only this limited interaction Mike has already differentiated himself from the other roofers we consulted. He is highly professional, communicates exceptionally well and provided thoughtful and thurough answers to numerous questions that we asked. Price estimates were competitive and clear. I highly recommend working with Mike.
5	I called Mike Stell after reading the reviews here. I left a voicemail and Mike got back to me although he was out of town. We agreed he would call me back when he would be back in town. He did and we scheduled an appointment. He was on time and he was very thorough with the roof inspection. He took more time than the other 2 roofers that came by. He was the only one who offered to show me the damage by inviting me to go up on the roof. He also was the only one who did not offer a quote to redo the entire half of the roof to fix two specific leaks located around the vents. He explained why the leaks occurred and his quote came to $650 compared to $2650 and $2900 I had received from the other 2 companies I contacted. Mike showed me his business licenses before I even had a chance to ask. He also confirmed and was very adamant about only hiring people who are in this country legally. Go Stell Roofing!! You're not going to get some shady character coming to your house to do work.Mike is a very nice guy. He is very personable, passionate about doing the job right and he does not tolerate mediocre results. He took his time, treated me with respect, answered all my questions and everything was done according to plan.Sean was the one who came and did the actual repair. He is a very honest and professional guy, very polite and a pleasure to deal with. He was late due to a prior repair and he apologized for it and it was obvious he really meant it. He cleaned up all the debris and emailed me photos of the work by the end of the day. Remarkable!These guys are just wonderful people. They have integrity and work hard, all for a price that is just unbelievable. Cannot think of a better experience as a customer. Highly recommended!
5	Mike Stell and his crew are top notch.  They are professional, courteous, hard-working and all-around nice guys.  After getting several quotes from different companies we chose Stell Roofing.  I was impressed with Mike when he came out to give us a quote.  He was very professional and seemed dedicated to doing great work.  We were very happy to be able to work with a local, family-owned business to install our new roof. Mike seems to take a lot of pride in the work done by his company and is very concerned about making sure that everything is done properly.  He is clearly focused on customer service and satisfaction as well as on providing quality services.   Stell Roofing did a great job on our roof.  The work crew were very courteous and careful about cleaning up every day before they left.  They did a great job with the roof and did a thorough clean up job and made sure we were completely satisfied when the job was done.  We are so happy with our new roof and won't hesitate to recommend Stell Roofing to our friends and neighbors.
5	Several months ago we had a roof leak due to a shoddy solar water install job by Parker and Sons, but the install warranty had run out so I was out of luck.  I called Stell for a quote and Mike came out the next week and told me he could take care of the problem for a very reasonable price.  Due to the age of the roof, though, he would have to locate tiles in a boneyard to match our tiles.  Next day he calls to tell me he found a match and that weekend the work was complete!Thank you Stell for your honesty and professionalism.  I recommend them highly!
5	Updating this review following the work that Mike completed. Mike and his team were outstanding on the job. Would characterize their work as efficient, complete, detail oriented. Mike was right on budget. Perhaps the best part of working with Mike is the exceptionally good communication- I knew what was going on, why and what it would cost at every moment of the project. Without reservation, I give my highest recommendation to use  MIke Stell for your roofing job.
5	I am very pleased with the job Stell roofing did on my home. They did my neighbors house and i could see what a nice job they did, so I called Mike for an appointment and he showed up on time and was very helpful in explaining when was wrong with my roof. I was planning on doing the whole house but when Mike took a look at it he was very honest and told me i had a lot of life left in my shingles, it was the flat roof that needed attention. So right there he saved me 4 thousand dollars! It took a little while to get the work done but i can see why he is so busy, they did an outstanding job and finished it on Saturday and Sunday! Mike was there each day to make sure the work was being done to his specs and everything was going smooth. I had asked for 2 turbines but when they saw i wanted one over the garage they told me that was not necessary, saved me another 200 bucks that was able to use towards new plywood. Mike even threw in a few sheets of ply for free that he did not include in the quote! Jr invited me up to see how everything was done and made sure i understood the process. Jr and the crew were very courteous and clean, they lay down tarps to catch any debris and use a blower for final clean up. They left my yard cleaner than it was hen they got there, i was impressed. I would definitely recommend Stell roofing to anyone needing a repair or a new roof, they did a great job.
5	We live out of state and own rental property in Glendale, AZ. On our last visit to our property, we noticed some loose, shifted roof tiles and possibly some missing or broken tiles. Mike Stell was the only one who returned our call from the 3 local companies we called. He went to our house, checked over the roof and fixed the shifted tiles for free! He said he was happy to help us and not a big deal to just reattach the loose tiles. His prompt attention to our situation and willingness to not even charge us was a breath of fresh air! We only wish he lived in our state!
5	We live out of state and own a rental house in Glendale. We called 3 different roofing companies and Mike was the only 1 who returned our call. We described the situation of loose, missing or displaced tiles to him on our 2 story house. He promised to go out and look and said if that is the extent of the problem, he would simply fix it and let us know. He did just that and free of charge! We only wish he serviced roofs in our state!BJ
5	We recently got a part of our roof redone. After many quotes we went with the lowest bid which was Stell Roofing. Now, usually if you go with the lowest priced company you will get lower quality, longer to complete the job, no professionalism and problems with additional costs at the end. This is not true with Stell Roofing. From the moment they arrived each worker introduced themselves and asked if we had any questions or other concerns before they got started with the work we previously discussed. Throughout the job the workers frequently checked in with us, let us go up and check on the progress and gave us updates. The job was supposed to take 2 days but they did it all in one day. What impressed me the most was while they were working they found additional problems with other parts of the roof and a leak in our A/C unit. Without even asking they fixed the leak and repaired other parts of the roof.   When the job was finished they took us up on the roof to allow us to inspect it. We discussed what they did, the additional problems they found and fixed. They even asked us was there anything we weren't satisfied with because they wouldn't leave until we were 100% satisfied. When the time came to settle the bill I was very nervous the bill would be much higher because I know extra work means a higher bill. I was amazed and ecstatic when they told me the cost was the exact same as the quoted us previously. They did all the extra work at no additional cost. To me this shows their true character. They take pride in their work, doing a quality job and they put the customer first. I will be using Stell Roofing again and will recommend them to all of my friends. I highly recommend Stell Roofing.
5	We had a tree branch knock a few roof tiles off of our roof during a recent storm.  I came across Stell Roofing here on Yelp and gave Mike a call.  Even though I am sure he was swamped with calls from the storm, Mike was able to come out 2 days later and fix it right up for us.  It is great to see a business that cares about their customers and provides excellent customer service. I highly recommend Stell Roofing!  Thanks again Mike for the awesome service!
5	Awesome, honest roofing co. The owner, Mike, inspected my roof himself. Explained everything and gave me a fair price for my needs. Not his wants! $$His crew showed up, on time. They were friendly and professional. It was quite a job. They had to remove about 4000 sq ft of tile, (they didn't break 1) because the builder put crummy paper down. Mike recommend a great product/paper that will last a life time. Well worth it. I would highly recommend Stell Roofing.
5	I recently called Mike at Stell Roofing for a problem with my roof. Mike personally came out to my house to do an inspection and evaluation of the problem. He was honest, professional, straight-forward and very knowledgeable. He got the repair job scheduled and completed in a timely manner! Sean did an awesome and great job repairing several areas of the roof! I was very impressed with the quality of the work! Mike and his company have set themselves apart from the rest! I would definitely use this company again for any roofing need! I would highly recommend Stell Roofing! Thanks,Mike, for a job well done!
5	OUTSTANDING!!! SO PROFESSIONAL!!! OVER DELIVERED!!! Before I gave our roofing job to Stell, I contacted 9 roofers to come out and give me a bid. 3 never came, but 6 did and I learned a lot about the variables when putting on a roof. It was not all roofs are the same, even when you are using the same shingles. As I met each roofer I learned something new here and something new there. I liked Mike Stell from the very beginning because he proudly said, we are simply the best roofers in the Valley and I will stand by that. We met two more times after he first came out and gave us his proposal. He was not the cheapest and he also was not the most expensive, but he covered every detail of the room and our needs and how he would handle each and every item. He did what he promised and even more. The property was spotless when they were done. He said to me, "You will never know we had been working on your roof, we will leave everything so clean" and he was absolutely right. Spotless and they put in a lot of time to make it that way. The crew he sent were courteous, professional, and really cared about us being aware of what they were doing and us being happy with what they were doing. I CANNOT SAY TOO MUCH ABOUT THIS COMPANY, MIKE AND HIS TEAM.  I think using him is just simply a smart decision, so surprises, no risks and a fair price.
5	After weeks of research and quotes for replacing my roof, one company stood out for integrity, reputation, quality and fair pricing. Stell Roofing.The owner, Mike and his crew have exceeded my expectations - special thanks to crew-lead, Junior. Not only does the roof look fantastic, Junior and his crew took the initiative to ensure gutters were cleaned (not part of the job) and meticulously lining the shingles to flow evenly in line with two different high points of the roof - it's hard to explain but it looks amazing.In two days, the roof was complete. Not a trace was left behind to show they were there. In fact, my yard was actually a little cleaner, so thanks guys.Mike and the team brought me up on the roof for the final inspection and showed me the quality work. I see now why these guys are a consistently 5-star rated company - quality work at a competitive price. Coupled with a respectful and thoughtful crew, I would recommend them to anyone looking for roof replacement or repair. 5-star experience!
5	Called Stell for a quote to get a roof leak repaired thinking that part of my roof would need to be replaced.  Mike, the owner, came out personally to give me a quote.  After seeing my roof, he identified a potential solution that would not involve replacing the roof.  He got out some cement did repair work right there on the spot to save me a potentially costly roof repair.  In my brief interaction with Mike, it was obvious that customer support is a priority for his company.
5	Great work, great crew...went above and beyond...from cutting problem tree branches to patching another roof not included.   Thanks Mike, Jr, and crew!
5	Great communication and ethical! We live in CA with properties in AZ. We are so thankful for the information we found on YELP. Mike with Stell Roofing absolutely exceeded our expectations with his amazing customer service. It is so comforting to know we can trust Mike with our investments.
5	I can not say  enough good about Mike Stell and his company.  Customer service and satisfaction is #1 in his book and that attitude carries over to his employees like Sean Southland who despite 108 degree heat stayed on my roof and worked until he found the source of my roof leak and fixed it.  I had already been quoted a price by Mike Stell, the owner, and set a time for them to come and do the repairs.  Because their truck broke down they were about an hour late for the appointment to do the repairs.  Sean apologized for being late, explained why he was late, AND deducted $100 from the quoted price for my "inconvenience".  Then he proceeded  to do work ABOVE AND BEYOND that which was in the estimate in order to properly fix the leak.  He also took photos of the roof and showed them to me as the work progressed.  Several days later it rained and I GOT  A CALL from Mike Stell, who was out of the state at the time, to check and see if their repairs had stopped the leak!  Since this all happened we had that NASTY storm in late July that took off another part of my roof.  Guess who I called to come out and do my roof repairs.  I didn't even bother with other estimates.  That would have been a waste of time.
5	These guys are top notch they come in lay tarps out everywhere move stuff out the way so falling dabre wouldn't cause any damage tore everything off so fast like there was tons of them up there but it was only four guys cleaned everything up very meticulously they didn't want to miss a single piece of trash then came back and put on the new roof the next day they did extra water proofing around all of my roof penetrations they did some amazing metal work on my roof transfer really took there time to get it all right the first time I highly recommend Stell roofing quality and personal care you just can't find in people these days thank you again for such a fine job and being a true to your word company
5	Just replaced the roof on a home I'm selling & used Stell Roofing. I needed the roof to get done as soon as possible & Mike & his crew went out of their way to get it done quickly. Mike was easy to work with & kept me updated throughout the entire process. I wasn't sure which color shingle to pick so I let Mike choose for me & it coordinates very well with the exterior paint. House looks phenomenal with its new roof!! If you are looking for a roofer that's reliable, honest & provides quality work & quality materials then give Mike a call. When he says he'll be at your house to provide a quote, he's there - unlike 3 other Valley roofers who no showed & never returned calls. Stell Roofing won't be a waste of your time! I'm very happy I used this company.
5	After researching a handful of companies, we settled on Stell Roofing. I'm very glad we did. We really appreciated the hands-on approach of Mike Stell. He came out right away and inspected the roof himself and gave us a fair estimate for replacing our roof. He made sure the job was done right and no corners were cut. His crew laid down tarps and cleaned up when they were done. Everything was inspected when done and Junior kept the crew running smoothly. I would highly recommend a local and established business such as Stell Roofing Company. Thanks for the great communication and service.
5	Shopping around for companies, I ran across this company via Yelp.I called, Mike answered, pulled his vehicle over, and talked to me about my roofing concerns. We scheduled an appointment, of which I forgot to write down, and forgot the appointment, yet he showed up the day and time that we scheduled. Mike is very professional, knowledgeable, informative, and he took time to explain the repairs necessary. As well, he did some patching that needed to be done immediately without charging me, mind you I was only looking for an estimate to replace the roof. Mike is licensed, bonded, and insured, and he carries the credentials with him of which all verified upon my checking them. I do not have the exact date of which I will have the work done, but I know that on that day I will call Mike and schedule him to do that job. This is saying a lot, Mike's bid was not the lowest I had, but, I had never done a roof before, all this is new to me, and he made me comfortable in the process, let's face it, we are talking about a large sum of money, so I was slightly nervous. Matter of fact, I think highly enough of my experience with Mike thus far that I am taking my time to review and recommend him. Would be much easier to something else more fun.Call Mike at Stell Roofing, I think you'll be glad you did.
5	Had storm damage to our roof and called up Stell roofing. Mike, the owner, came out and inspected our roof himself. He gave us a very fair quote and even though he was extremely busy, he still kept in contact with us about the progress of the roof. Great communication. Mike and his entire crew did a wonderful job and the roof looks awesome! Thanks guys!
5	A microburst destroyed my roof just as the monsoon season was starting and it created an active leak in my home.  Needing immediate service, I called about 10 roofing companies to obtain bids.  This process was remarkably frustrating; no call-backs, missed appointments, insanely high bids and an overall feeling of "I'm about to get taken advantage of here".  Stell Roofing was the only company that operated in a manner worthy of earning the job.  From start to finish, here are the reasons that Stell earned my 5 star rating...-Mike (the owner) called me back within a couple of hours.  Despite having an insanely busy schedule, he fit me in the next day to give me a bid.  He showed up (one company didn't) and he was on time.-During the bid process Mikenoticed the spot where I was getting the leak and he GAVE me two of his tarps and helped me lay them out and secure them so I could avoid leeks while waiting for my new roof.  Keep in mind- I had not yet signed my order with him!-In addition to giving me the tarps, Mike noticed a couple of spots near the AC that could be susceptible for leaks and so he got some tar from his truck and sealed the spots.  Yes- this is before I ever hired him.-The bid was one of the lowest that I received.-Mike showed great transparency with me in explaining every step of the process and timeline.-The crew was polite and courteous, allowing me to interrupt them a couple time to ask questions.-They did extra work that I wasn't charged for including, removing and throwing away old gutters, sawing off excess wood beams from my pool shed and framing it with the same 2" metal drip edge that they placed on my house so that it matched my main roof.-Mike noticed my elderly neighbor doing his own roof.  Knowing that more rains were forecasted and that my neighbor wouldn't be finished with the waterproofing stage by the next rain, he asked his crew to go and finish that step for him (FREE).  Mike paid his crew to do that without charging me or my neighbor for the work.  Sure enough, heavy rain came the next day and my neighbor had the waterproofing completed thanks to Mike's generosity.Mike was very accessible through the entire process whereas most of the other companies I called during the quoting process made me go through secretaries or mandatory phone recordings.  The process couldn't have gone smoother and the work was completed in the timeline that was stated to me during the bidding process.  Now the most important part...after the next heavy rain came (and boy did it pour!) I didn't have one drop in the home.  The roof held up great.Ease of accessibility, transparency, great work ethic, honest, and deliverable- that's what I got when I hired Stell Roofing.
5	After buying my house in May I realize that I had major roof issues and I knew I had to bite the bullet and have a new roof installed.  I am a very anally retentive person and I would call myself a perfectionist.  I was only going to use a roofing company who did amazing and close to perfect work as I could find. I decided to only use roofing companies who had 5-star reviews and I ended up interviewing and getting quotes from everyone one of them on Yelp. After a 2-week period of interviewing roofing companies one stood way out from the rest - Stell Roofing blew me away from the moment Mike (Owner) walked into my house. Mike told me he would do an assessment on the roof and would let me know what he found.  After 10-minutes of being on my roof he knocked on my door and ask me if I would come up to the roof.  I climbed the ladder and Mike took me around the roof showing me everything that was wrong with it (No other company did this). He helped me understand the BIGGER picture, showed me things I didn't even know were going on up there. He found holes, patchwork and many things I had no clue that were happening on the roof.  He then looked at me and said, "Listen your roof is in bad shape and we have storms coming in again.  I cannot leave here today knowing what I know about your roof.  Even if you don't hired me to reroof it, I have to patch these areas or I won't be able to sleep at night." Mike did just that!  He went to his truck, got his super special tar and patched every hole and possible issue on the roof. I was blown away and knew instantly that he was the man for the job.  He did not charge me anything to patch the roof and when we got down from the ladder I looked at him and said; you have the job! "Why" he asked me?  Because you did the right thing and if this is how you do business and care about people and their roofs your the man for the job! From that point forward Mike became like a friend to me. He called me on a regular basis giving me updates on when they could come out and start the job.  He called me after every rainstorm asking me if everything was ok? On September 30th Mike and his amazing crew showed up on time at 6:00 am and the work began. It was like a bunch of angels swept in to make everything right. From the moment it started to the end Mike and his crew supervisor Vince were very respectful, communicated with me every step of the way, cleaned up everyday and always left the yard better than when they started.  He has a tear off crew and then a roofing crew came in behind them.  The roofers were super amazing, anal and perfectionist. I went up several times a day to check on their progress and they were always willing to answer any questions or address any concerns I had.  Mike also called me several times a day to check in with me and make sure all was well. In the end, I received a Life-Time Owens Corning roof (Estate Grey with black turbines) very unique look that fits my contemporary style. I cannot stay enough good and amazing things about Stell Roofing and I HIGHLY recommend you use them because you will get what you pay for and will be highly pleased with the end results. Bravo Stell Roofing I now have Peace and feel Highly Covered!
5	We had a water leak and by recommendation, used Stell Roofing.  Mike was awesome and came out himself.   He showed pictures of the work done.  I will definitely use them again.  It is uncommon to find a company like Stell Roofing with such honesty and integrity.
5	If you are looking for a roofer, look no further.  Stell Roofing is the best company we have ever dealt with, all the men were very professional.  When Mike Stell came to do a quote, while up on the roof, he came down and and stated there was an area where wood was showing and with a storm on the horizon he asked if it was okay if he put some shingles on it, no fee, whether we went with his company or not.  Of course I said yes and thought "wow, what class."  Once they started the job, the entire crew came in, covered the entire yard and pool with tarps.  Junior and his crew were up on the roof within minutes scraping. Others were painting, replacing wood, etc.  After they were done, they removed the tarps to empty and replaced them.  The following day, Steve and Josh, excellent roofers, finished the job and made sure the entire yard was clean.  I haven't found 1 staple or nail.  We are so pleased and our neighbors love it.  An honest, fair priced company, who we personally recommend.
5	Our roof has been in need of a complete re do for quite some time. We trust yelp and searched our city for roofers. The first we fell upon was Mike at Stell. Glad we found him. I agree with every 5 star review on him and his crew. From the moment we met him for a quote to the end of paying him we felt our money was well spent on a great team of workers. And as others say, integrity is important to him and it shows! We did not look any further when we met Mike because of his integrity showing through. His price was fair and his color suggestion to meet my Husband and I in the middle was spot on.Words cannot tell all of our pleasure from hiring Stell roofing.  Every single one of his crew for tear off and retile was polite and markedly mannerly. Josh and Steve were especially impressive with tiling the whole roof in one day! They worked right up until the dark stopped them. The job was completed immaculately and as wonderfully as every other reviewer already stated.Thanks Mike! I truly wish all company's were run as professionally and as perfectly as yours!
5	We shopped several roofers before choosing Stell. Rates being competitive, the decision came down to service, quality of the product and a certain trust factor Mike established right from the start.  He is a small business owner genuinely invested in each customer and employee connected to his company. He thrives on exceeding customer expectations and takes personal pride in his team's accomplishments. The Stell team was consistently excellent throughout every step of the process. We saw these guys at their best despite a busy storm season of Fall 2014 - what you see in the beginning is carried through until the job is done. Early on, Mike stood out in presenting his bid. His attention to detail and pride of ownership were clear - no other estimators talked about the importance of straight lines, coordinating paint colors and critical seams. This stuff genuinely excited Mike and showed us that he was invested in our job. He even made a few repairs at no cost, to tide us over until the new roof was on.  Our tear-off date was postponed by several days due to rains, but Mike was there to monitor and communicate before we could ask. (Tough to do with this Type A!) Once on site Junior and the roofing team were amazing. Mike has instilled ownership and integrity in each of the guys he employs.  They work long, hard hours to get in and out of each job as quickly but carefully as they can. They were respectful, diligent and really particular about their work. And they leave each day as clean - if not cleaner - than when they arrive. I'm only sorry I can't recall each name to properly thank them. After the job Mike asked for genuine feedback on ways to improve our experience. Here's where we disappointed them - I can't think of a way and that is RARE.  We have been renovating our home for the last five months and worked with many contractors in the process. I put Stell at the top of the list. StellAR Roofing may be more appropriate! Last but not least, a note on product: Take time to review the product your roofers are bidding - there is a difference. Before Stell, we almost went with a company providing an inferior product at a higher price point.  Mike's recommendation of Owens Corning was backed by popular review sites and turned out beautifully.
5	I chose Stell Roofing after getting a few different quotes from other roofing companies.  Mike the owner took his time to go over everything he was planning on doing and answered all my questions.  I felt he was honest and easy to talk with; also the price quoted was around the same price as I was quoted with the other companies. An added bonus was the extra detail of the roof pipes, and whirlybirds getting matching paint to blend in with our new roof tiles. This made a big difference with overall look after it was finished. Mike even gave us a map to different roofs his crew had done in our area to check out the work and different colors for ideas.  Mike was always available, and answered his phone every time I called.  Due to the recent storms in phoenix we had to wait a little while to get the work done but Mike kept in contact with us up until our install day to insure his crew would be there as scheduled.  On install day it was game on, the crew showed up early and work was fast and clean.  The crew was very polite and did a great job with removing, installing and cleaning up any mess at the end of each day.  The roof job also included taking down an old swamp cooler, when doing this the crew noticed one of our air conditioning vents was off and was wasting a bunch of air conditioning going just into our attic, instead of our house.  I wasn't aware of this until after the crew said they noticed it and had fixed it for no additional charge.  So know this is the kind of company that will take care of you and has your back without trying to squeeze extra money out of you.  I can't wait until I see the cost savings in my electric bill.  Overall I'm very satisfied with my new roof and would highly recommend this company.
5	Phenomenal job! Roof looks great! They even swept my driveway and used a magnet to pick up the roofing nails. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	MIKE the Owner came out to give me an estimate on my tile and flat roofs.  I had already got one quote before his.  Mike asked me some questions about my leaks on my flat roofs and proceeded to go up top and do an inspection something the other company did not do.  After the inspection he said John you don't need a new roof on the tile section of your house your underlayment is in great shape after 28 years!He said, If it was my house and since you have no leaks over the tile sections,  I would wait to replace the tile roof.  Then Mike said my leaks for flat roofs was an easy fix that I could handle since I had done some of my other roof maintenance work.WOW what a great guy not only did he tell me the truth he also told me how to fix my issue myself and to hold off doing the flat roofs till later.  He went over in high detail his quote for both the flat and tile roofs when I do need them in the future and all the materials used in doing so in such a manner I knew why he has such a great rating from his clients.  Before he left he said you have a 3 inch hole in my white coated roof, " Can I fill that for you before I leave for no charge"!  I was blown away by how honest he was in not trying to sell me something I did not need yet like a whole roof, fixing a hole for me for free and taught me how to fix a problem to extend my life of my flat roof till I really needed one.  When I do need a roof, I know whom I will calling to do the work for sure it will be Mike Stell at Mike Stell Roofing.
5	After the heavy rains, I needed a roofer to patch some leaks.  After a very bad experience with another roofer, I called Mike of Stull Roofing. He told me that I had a serious leak but that it would be easy to fix.  Though he was only here to give me an estimate and schedule the repairs for a later date, he did the repair work right then. AND THEN, HE WOULDN'T CHARGE ME SAYING THAT IT WAS QUICK AND RELATIVELY EASY.  In all, he was here about forty five minutes and advised me that I might need repairs in the future but that nothing was needed now.  ABSOLUTELY, WHEN I NEXT NEED A ROOFER, MIKE OF STULL ROOFING WILL BE THE ONLY ONE I CALL.
5	Mike and his team are great. The crew was polite, on-time and hard-working.  The finishing team took great care to make sure all was done correctly. One thing I really liked about Stell was the owner's involvement in the family business. You can tell Mike takes pride in the work of his people. He was on the job nearly every day.  He's tough on his guys, but you can tell there is a mutual respect for each other. Totally pleased from bid to completion.
5	Two words. TOP NOTCH. This is how I would describe my experience with Stell Roofing. Mike is straight forward and fair. His roofing crew did an excellent job on a storm repair.  They did an awesome job matching up everything. It is like nothing had ever happened. If you want straight forward quotes and excellent work done for you, then I HIGHLY suggest using Stell Roofing!!
5	It is a pleasure to compose this review and I find it necessary to share this with others because when you find good service--which can be somewhat out of the ordinary today--I think it's important to share that with other people who may be in similar situations such as mine. As a first time home owner on a very conservative budget during a recent out of ordinary storm in my area it came to my attention that I had leaks in my roof. I've heard many horror stories about the cost of replacing the roof and so I was very concerned. I grabbed the yellow pages and started reading reviews online of various roofing companies and I started making calls. Many companies did not answer their phone, were not available, or required me to leave a message on a machine, and then I found Stell Roofing. I made the call and got a hold of Mike Stell who was driving at the time, he immediately pulled over and I explained my concerns and made an appointment for the next Thursday to come over to give me an estimate of which he stated would be free of charge. Now, I ended up making appointments with roughly nine different roofing companies--most were 2 or 3 weeks out just to get the estimate--and so honestly, I forgot about the appointment I made with Mike. But as promised, Mike showed up as arranged and at the time we did arrange as I'm feeling sheepish for having forgotten.Mike was very knowledgeable, courteous, and very polite. He walked my roof, and he even pointed out some areas that were probably damaged in a previous storm that I was unaware of. Thanks to that information I was able to follow up with the insurance company whom had sent an adjuster and confirmed what Mike had said. I want to mention that none of the other companies spotted those areas or made mention of them. Mike explained in detail the work necessary, how it would be performed, he provided his credentials, which included a copy of his license and the binder with his insurance company both of which verified good when I called to check. Mike's bid was not the lowest, nor the highest. There were some companies that arrived at my door with a fancy folder and some reading material, and those folks were 30% and more higher in their rates, and quite honestly, I did not believe or feel that they had the same knowledge base or expertise that Mike did. This alone was priceless to me, and one of biggest reasons that I decided to use Stell Roofing.It took me a month to put together the finances needed in order to have the work performed, and when I called Mike back he remembered me, he scheduled with me and his crew completed work yesterday. I will say, I was completely impressed with the crew that arrived, they were all very polite, courteous, and during the course of work there were no communication barriers with any of them. Junior introduced himself, explained what they would be doing, asked if I had any questions, and then proceeded to direct the work flow. They covered all areas around my house with tarps to collect debris and any items that would need to be discarded. They protected the plants and all areas that might be of concern. And from the time they arrived at 7AM to the time they left, it was nothing but steady and consistent work. They never once bothered me or the household during the entire install over the course of 3 days. They did not ask to use facilities or need drinks, and while I would make available if requested, I actually prefer not to have people coming in and out of my home. And there were roughly 6-7 people here which could lead to a lot of traffic. When I went out to check progress periodically, they were always busy and at work, I think they did an incredible job. They worked well and completed the tear off in one day and when they left, they cleaned up every area, they asked me if I had any items they could take to the dump with them, how many companies would do that. They used a magnet to ensure that staples and nails went with them too, they also used a blower and quite frankly I think my yard looked better when they left than when they had arrived. In closing, I highly recommend Stell Roofing. I would use them again if necessary although I'm hoping not to have to :) He is honest, knowledgeable, informative, attentive, and well priced. I have a great looking roof up there with a lifetime warranty, and I feel confident that I made the right choice and found a great roofing company. Give them a call, tell em Duane referred ya!!!
5	Mike and Stell Roofing deserve 10 Stars, 5 is just not enough!We are getting ready to sell our home and so are taking care of little non-essential maintenance items.  We had noticed that a couple of our roof tiles had cracked and this was in an area where previously tiles had been replaced due to a bad tile lot so we knew we needed an overall inspection.  We had already gotten an estimate from another roofing company we had used in the past.  Their inspection was very thorough and came in at several hundred $ to replace around a dozen tiles (we had spare tile left over from the last job) and mortor balls that they said were missing.  We thought this was pretty high and decided to get another quote from Mike after reading his great reviews on Yelp.  Believe every one people!  First of all he said that the mortor balls did not need to be replaced because they were never there in the first place.  The area they other guy wanted to fix was not designed to have mortor balls installed.  Then he got up on the roof to inspect for cracked tiles.  While I was in the house waiting on his assesment he replaced four tiles and said the others were just chipped ends which would not impact the performance of the roof.  He inspected everything else and gave it the green light - this all took less then 10 minutes and he said "No charge" despite my insistence that I should pay him for his service.  I am just blown away by his honesty and above and beyond customer service.We are making copies of his business card and handing it out to all of our neighbors, friends and co-workers.  The next time I need any roofing service Mike is the guy I will call.
5	Mike, the owner, came and personally gave me a bid on my rental property.  My rental property was a townhome with a shared roof.  Because of such, Mike took the time to make sure his bid was accurate in that it covered my portion of the roof as it wasn't straight down the center and acutally covered more area in the back than in the front.  Mike gave me a bid that included a dimensional shingle, tearing off the prior 2-layers and gave me the choice of color for the new shingles.  The bid was cheaper than my other bids and because of the reviews on Yelp, I choose Stell Roofing..... I was not disappointed.After a rain delay a few weeks ago, Stell completed the job over the weekend to make up for the rain delay and was good to show me what they had done, including installing a barrier between the neighboring roof so that if their roof had issues, it wouldn't affect my portion.  I was very impressed.I'd like to note my tenants were also very happy in how well they cleaned up the debris and kept it contained and were able to do the removal of the old roof in one day.  I'd definitely recommend Stell Roofing, Mike and his crew to anyone needing a bid, roof replacement or repair.
5	From Indiana we helped our son purchase a home in Phoenix...sight unseen. Knowing from the inspection that it needed a new roof, we turned to Yelp to find a reputable roofing company. Mike was extremely helpful right from the start. He answered all of my roofing questions and even unrelated Phoenix questions. We felt like we had a friend in Phoenix. After looking at the house, he made a great recommendation regarding the shingle color and it turned out great!! His crew was extremely courteous and even fun to have on site and they left the yard cleaner than before they arrived. I would use them again in a heartbeat.
5	We had a couple of tiles on our roof that have been knocked over by our tree.  After getting quoted several hundred dollars from other companies, we called Stell roofing for a quote. Mike the owner came out the following day and fixed our roof that day for a price way below any of the other estimates. I highly recommend Stell roofing if you need a repair. Very professional and you won't find better rates!
5	Mike and team did a great job repairing some storm damage for us. He was very honest about our needs and reasonably priced. Highly recommended and we'll use them again if needed.
5	The area that I live in had wind and hail damage. Many times each day a weather chaser in the the form of a contractor came to my home and asked for business. Some seemed to be legitimate. However, I used yelp as a follow up which were not great reviews. I selected Mike based on a friend's referral and his ratings on Yelp. He and his crew have done an excellent job on the preparation, installation and the clean up of the roof. The price was on the lower end of the spectrum of the many quotes that I received. He was always exactly on time. I wish that all the contractors that I have used cared about the quality of their work and their customers the way Mike has.
5	I called Stell roofing and spoke to Mike the owner.  Even with the company being completely booked for weeks (almost months)due to all the storms he came and did a quote for me the same day.  He was very honest about what needed to be done, I needed a whole new roof and some wood work, and the timeline.  When my time came the crew worked through the weekend to get the job done.  They even asked me to make sure they weren't starting to early in the morning since it was the weekend. The crew was great and went above and beyond to make sure everything was cleaned up every night.  A surprise storm hit in the middle of my roof being done and the crew came back around 7pm and were on the roof in the rain just to ensure there would be no leaks or areas of concern with the storm.I would definitely recommend Stell Roofing to anyone needing work done.  It was very nice to work with a nice honest local business owner.
3	Called Stell Roofing based on good ratings. I spoke with Mike, he was very polite, but after hearing what I needed informed me they are running 2 months behind.
5	My father's home has a practically new roof that was never sealed up properly. Mike inspected the roof and explained what needed to be done and applied sealant to some crucial areas without charging anything (which I didn't expect). Definitely the best call I've made in roofing in a while--thank you Mike Stell!
5	Excellent service! Mike and his crew are very responsive, efficient, and did a terrific job on my roof. I would recommend them to anyone needing roofing services.
