4	This is the newest of the Zipps clan located off Bethany Home in Central Phoenix. It's a smaller bar but still a great place.  This used to be the old COX building so maybe that has something to do with all the HD TVs they have.  Practically every seat had a good view of the games going on.
1	As a rule, I don't bother leaving negative reviews, but this place deserves an exception. We visited Zipps on a weekend night, hoping for some decent late-night food and reasonable service. We got nothing of the sort. SERVICE FAIL:Our server spent most of the time we were there groping all over her boyfriend, who was seated in the booth ahead of us. By the time we were ready to order, most of the other servers had gathered around his booth to gossip and chat with our server. At one stage, he actually turned around and looked at us, and asked our server if she shouldn't be concerned about looking like she wasn't working. She laughed and dismissed his question, saying "Scotty went home a while ago. I can do whatever the f*** I want!" I can only assume "Scotty" is a manager, and he must be so proud of the staff who all cackled at her response. After the laughter died down, she took our order and returned to pawing the guy in the booth ahead of us. A different server eventually brought out our food.FOOD FAIL:I ordered the club sandwich. What I got was two slices of questionable lunchmeat, two pieces of cold bacon, a tomato slice and some brown-around-the-edges lettuce on barely-toasted white bread. With a toothpick. Just a hint, Scotty, A toothpick does not make it a club sandwich. I chose the sweet potato chips as my side, which were horrible as well. Chips should not be soft and greasy. My dinner companion ordered the chicken caesar salad. Nothing to see here. Dump some greens into a bowl, pour on caesar dressing, throw on some overcooked, leathery chicken meat and send it on out.CONCLUSION:If all you want is a basket of fried appetizers, huge mugs of cold domestic beer and some screens on which to view your favorite teams, this might be the right place for you. If you have any desire at all for quality of food or service, don't waste your money or time.
2	Ordered the Greek salad.  Iceberg lettuce and a couple of toppings. Bad deal management couldn't resolove. They should do the salad right or take it off the menu.Only reason two stars is that other people in the party liked the burgers.I had a really bad experience.
5	I was a regular at the 32nd St location for a while. I loved the staff. Mark was the manager at the time. I think.Now after moving into Central Phoenix I have found a quick drive up to Bethany was way easier. And days after a light work day this place is where to find me. The Zipparitas are of course My Drink of choice. The Chambord is a bonus in every Zipparitas...Happy Hour includes the Wings (ask for the extra hot sauce on the side first time - IT BURNS) The Zipparitas is on special also during Happy Hour!
3	I was so happy to have Zipps move into the neighborhood! I think they've got some kinks to work out still over here, but overall I am very happy with this place. The wings are my favorite. Medium golden.... mmmm. 2nd favorite is the Sweet Jalapeno Burger. So freaking delicious. I feel a little like Homer Simpson when the food arrives. Or maybe that Chris Farley Gap girl character... you know... LAY OFF ME I'M STARVING!!! It's no-talkie time. Seriously do not bother me when the food comes or you might come back missing a finger. So why the 3 stars? Cause o' the kinks. We've been three times and something has been awry twice. One messed up order (thank baby Jesus it wasn't mine- he got the fish n chips instead of the fish tacos he ordered- they were NOT good BTW) and last night a kinda pushy waitress with getting payment on the check. It was weird. It didn't seem like a switch over, she just kept checking in to see if we put the card down and we hadn't even finished eating yet. When she put it down in the first place she hadn't even asked if we wanted dessert, just said I can always add to this ticket and reprint if you guys want anything else. Another waitress was gung-ho trying to take plates away while I was still eating. Slow your roll. It's not like it was busy and they needed to flip the table. It was weird. If you needed to get outta dodge, just say so, no big deal. Otherwise chill out and stop bothering us every time you walk by to see if we paid yet. It got you a 15% tip and I don't like to do that. We'll be back and I hope they continue to work out the kinks. I love this place. Now, if we could only get them to serve some better beer. They need more dark options. But that's a whole different kink.
2	We used to go to the Indian School one, but it was starting to get a bit shady.  Briefly: their focaccia is not focaccia, it's a wrap; beer glasses came smelly & unwashed and the main tv is quartered so the middle of the screen is obstructed.  Wings were good at Indian School - not so much here. Poor beer selection. Our server was nice. Not recommended, especially as there are now plenty of other options in the area.
4	Perfect view of the game...no matter where you sit. It's hard to screw up beer, especially when they have great deals going on all week.. It's  a busy and happening place....which speaks for itself, right? I'll definitely be a regular.
3	Great place to watch a game with friends and have a few beers. Its nice and clean with lots of tv's and seating. Everyone working here is very nice and welcoming. On to the food. The burger is ok, the wrap is ok, the philly cheese rolls were ok, but the wings were good. I could eat lots of these wings. Very crispy and delicious. Overall I like this place for the atmosphere and the wings and drinks. Im sure we will stop by again. If they got the UFC fights then I would come for that for sure.
4	I like to refer to this Zipp's location as the "fun Zipp's". Located in uptown Phoenix, this neighborhood is the up and coming, young professional neighborhood! These people party hard during happy hour, but make sure they're in bed at a reasonable time to get their 8 hours before work the next day! Zipps is known for their wings and burgers and CHEAP 32oz drafts! On any given night you can find one or more of these items on special! Per usual, this location is LOADED with high def flat screen tvs, a shuffleboard table, pool table, Golden Tee machine, and patio complete with a fire pit to huddle around on those cold winter nights (yes that was a joke)!
4	I'm a fan from way back when I lived over in Scottsdale, now I get my Zipps and the nice 16th street vibe... Win/win. Going to this or any Zipps is basically a checklist of what you want in a sports bar. Games? Check. Flat screen TVs every direction you turn? Check. Friendly Staff? Check. Great wings? Check. But there are a couple of things that Zipps does better than most other places:-Great specials every night of the week-Awesome fries... Awesome.-Oh, and they serve giant beers in mugs the size of your head. I'm really happy Zipps joined the neighborhood. There is now a pretty good pub crawl to be had without leaving corners of 16th and Bethany Home.
1	Very unhappy with this place. Spent over $50 on dinner for self, hubby and two sons (19) and (22). After dinner, went into bar area to shoot a game of pool and were asked to leave because my younger son wasn't 21. I find this ridiculous since Arizona law says servers must be 19 to serve alcohol. We were there as a family, weren't drinking and just wanted to have a fun family night. I won't be spending my money here any more.
4	I've been to a few of the valley Zipps and this one is probably my favorite. Went there last night with a handful of friends. The service was great. Our server was really attentive and had a good sense of humor. And when she was too busy to drop off our drinks, another server was coming by with them. Top notch.And I had the pleasure of destroying a basket of chicken skewers! Dang those are so good! They're different than most chicken strips/fingers in that they're not overly battered. For a strip of fried chicken, they're surprisingly light.Decor is pretty nice, brick walls all around. Partition between bar area and sit-down area. And it's nice that there's a good mix of people. This location is a bit of a drive from my house but I will definitely stop in again when in the area.
4	So we've been back about three more times because I've developed a wings addiction that is bordering on troublesome. Seriously, I might need an intervention. The wings continue to be *delicious*... although we've started to notice we aren't getting 12 in a basket. Last time it was 10. The size hasn't increased... hmmm...The increased star is for the fries. It is no secret that the fries at Zipps are not the best. (See this talk thread: http://www.yelp.com/topic/gilbert-now-that-the-lockout-is-over-lets-talk-sports-bars) The flavor is good, but they are always soggy and limp. This Sunday (7/24/11 at 8pm) they were AWESOME! Crisp, firm, and soft on the inside! It was shocking, I tell you! SHOCKING! Can you please do this more often? This should be the standard, not the exception.
5	We came to Zipps because we know the burgers are like those at Goldie's - absolutely yum - and much closer (even though it's still a trek of a drive from home). The first time my hubby and visited was also the first time to try their golden wings. Can we say "best wings ever"? At least they are IMO. I do not, however, like their fries. Soggy blahness. Onion rings - good. The second time we visited was on hubby's birthday. The parking lot was packed and we were in doubt that we'd get a table quickly. But to our surprise there were still a few open tables. This time I had the pepper jack focaccia (chicken, bacon, avocado, pepper jack, garlic mayo). It was sooooo cheesey and delicious. It also came with a side of some sweet jalapeno sauce. It was good, but a bit too sweet. Our friend had the chicken fingers which he was a bit disappointed with. They were battered with that smooth type of batter (I don't know what it's called) and were not very crispy at all. Our entree orders took sooo long that he was able to (after trying our golden wings) switch from regular buffalo to the golden stuff. Friend casually mentioned that it was husband's birthday in front of our waitress and she exclaimed "oh! Then you get a free desert or shot!" He couldn't decide on a shot, so told her to surprise him. She brought him a chocolate cake shot. How fitting! The Chambord Zipparitas get 5 stars all on their own. These things are delicious! Small blended margaritas for only $3 during happy hour! And boy do they pack a punch! I guess that's why there is a limit of 3? Hahah. Other HH drink/food specials are awesome as well!I hate that this is the closest Zipps to my 67th Ave/Happy Valley home, but on the other hand, that may be a good thing for my health and wallet.
5	Those golden wings! They taste like they were forged by Chuck Norris! Their golden wings are damn right breath taking.  The wife and I enjoy going there sometimes because I enjoy their burgers too. I usually order the Thousand Island burger, add avocado, mushrooms and bacon. The fries...they aiight, yo. But all in all, the burger is awesome.The beer here is also really cheap, so that just makes it extra awesome. Furthermore, my single friend (who is kinda weird) said that the girls are kinda hot in there. So that's another plus.
3	For a +2 situation: if ever want to split anything- they gab you with a split charge...not a fan of this nor are they up front about it...
1	Every time i go to this establishment I feel a mild neglect like a stray unwanted dog that roams on your front lawn. There is only one server that is actually attentive but everyone else is never around. The building is nice and new and thats about the best thing I have to say about it. The Swizzle Inn across the street has been there sense jesus walked the earth and its old and looks creepy but it blows Zipps out of the water.There is a few bars on that corner and they are all better. If I could I would give it no stars. If you work in the food and beverage industry customer service is key to success. The food can be crap and over priced but if they take care of you alls well. Stay away from this joint unless you like being ignored.
2	Nice tv's food is mediocre at best. Their famous zipp burger was too well done. Our server was really good and the only positive. Would not recommend.
3	Great place to watch a game. Service was great and very attentive. With all that said the food was just so so. We did like the buffalo wings, great spice with a delicious tangy sauce. We were pretty disappointed with the chicken tenders and burger. I'm sure I'll be back for some Bronco games and will give an update to this review if things change.
4	great tv's, good food (for a sports bar) and great service. I wouldn't hold zipps to a high level of expectation like i would halfmoon just because it's a good ole sports bar nothing fancy just a bunch of Tv's and some good wings.
3	It's a sports bar and it's a chain. Nothing I can really add except that this one is brand new, which is nice. This is my Plan B place when all other bars close shop for the night. They have drink specials all the time and service is decent, especially if you're a man (not being sexist here, I'm just saying that the servers here seem to be a little more attentive to us guys....I wonder why?) I would never ring up the crew and say "Hey let's go to Zipps" unless it's 12:45am on a Tuesday-by then I'm usually already three sheets. It's more likely I'm at another bar at last call and someone asks "Where should we go?"  Reply: "I know, Zipps!!!" Drunken shuffleboard to follow.
3	I like the food.  Beer specials are great!  Bar staff and management is good.  Why 2 stars?  The servers are crap!!  On two separate occasions I have had horrible service from the servers.  If you come without kids, do yourself a favor and sit at the bar.First time:  10 of us come in for dinner.  There wasn't a hostess and a server tells us to sit any where.  Okay, but there's ten of us!  Can someone help us move tables together? Can someone offer any sort of help when we try moving tables around? No, the same server came back and told us that the tables we were moving were splitting up the server's sections.  Are you kidding me?!?!?   Then help us!!!  Just a quick, "Hey guys, we have a few tables leaving and then we can accommodate you... can we get you drinks in the mean time?"  Nothing!Second time:  Three of is come in for drinks.  The other two have to use the restroom, I find a table in the bar area and sit... and wait...and wait.  Okay, maybe there's no servers, I go to bar and am immediately greeted by a nice, friendly bartender.  I sat back down and realized the server was too busy chatting with her friend a table away to be bothered with me.  My friends arrive back, and tell them to go to the bar because that is where I started the tab.  The same chatty server sees my friends ordering at the bar, and quickly walks over.  She asks them if they need a drink, and they tell her that we have tab at the bar.  She says," Yeah, but I am the server in this area... this is my section."  Huh??  Well then, honey, maybe you should stop flirting with men much too old for you and help your customers.  After we got our first round.. NO ONE came to clean off glasses.  I had to bring our dirty glasses to the and the bartender was very apologetic.Unfortunately, Zipps is the ONLY sports bar in the area with ample TV's, so if you find yourself there... GO TO THE BAR!!!!(UPDATE!!!!)  Have since been back and the servers seem to have gotten their act together.  All smiley and made me feel welcome.   So I gave them two more stars.... if it continues to be good I will eventually give the place 4 stars, but they gotta earn it.  This is real life and not every one gets a trophy at the end of the season!
5	This is the newest Zipps in the valley and my favorite. The food is the most consistently delicious and I still stand by my previous statement that Zipps has the best bar food in the state!  Best wings, great burgers, awesome Monaco Facaccia. Great happy hour, reverse happy hour, and weekend specials. Fun atmosphere, bar games, and lots of TVs. I just named nine reasons why this place is great. I could go on.  Fantastic chicken strips, onion rings, and fries. They even have the best dipping sauces, like the ranch or the blue cheese or the jalapeno sauce. We're at twelve now. Want 15? Ok. The Zipparita, 32oz domestics on HH, and John Dalys. I like to give three examples at a time.  For example: Nice staff, reliable take out, convenient shuttle to games. 18. To be continued...
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars.  My god, the server really ruined a fun night out for my group.  A large group of friends and I decided to meet here to celebrate two birthdays and watch the ASU game.  By the time I arrived there were probably about 15 to 20 people.  I sat at a table and when the server arrived I asked for a beer and to start a tab with just my boyfriend and I.  IMMEDIATLY the server coughed up an attitude and said everyone was on one tab, sorry.  Since I had just arrived I didnt see a reason why I shoudnt be allowed to start my own tab, so she let me, but not without a couple snarky comments to our table.  My friends let me know that she had been rude from the very beginning, when there was only 4 people to start with.  Anytime she came by the table (which wasnt all that frequently) a couple people were ready for another round.  People would start ordering and she would huff and puff and complain that things were getting just too darn complicated.  Perhaps she could remember things easier if she would have written our order down.  Now let me just say that I can understand a servers frustration with big groups.  I work at a bar myself and things can get complicated.  Perhaps if she reads this review she'll learn that most people want seperate checks, and its just easier to assume that from the beginning to keep things clear.  Also someone commented that she was the only server on the patio.  SHAME ON THE MANAGEMENT for having one server serve a busy patio on a saturday night; not to mention the fight and ASU game were on to make it even busier.Remember that SEPERATE tab I started with my card for my boyfriend and I?  Well it turns out she just decided to throw a bunch of our beers onto the other tab because she couldnt keep things straight.....again, writing things down would really have helped out.  I don't know if the server was new or what, but she was disorganized and incredibly rude.  I couldnt believe how much attitude she was giving us...isn't a large tab a good thing?  I've never before had a server who literally rolled her eyes and walked away from patrons who were looking to spend money!!! UNBELIEVABLE.  WORST SERVICE EVER.
3	Great sports bar option if you live in the CenPho area.  There are plenty of other places close by to watch a game (16th Street Bar and Grill, etc), but the new Zipps has a plethora or TVs, better food / drink options, patio seating (hooray for you smokers) and is much cleaner.  I myself, am not a huge sports bar fan- I'd much prefer the Vig, Garage or something along those lines. However, on game day, especially the Cards, Devils, Wildcats or Suns are playing... it's the place to be.If you aren't a huge beer fan, try out the Chambord Zipperita. Yum! And for the ladies, they have an improved wine list, although it's nothing to write home about.
3	This is a great place to watch any sports game in the Central Phoenix area.  The place is huge and has a lot of TV screens playing several different things.  The menu looked like it had a lot on there, normal bar stuff.  The beer selection was great as well.  The only thing that wasnt the best was the temperature of the food.  I ordered fries and onion rings and they were completely cold and all you could taste on the onion rings was the batter.I will give it another try because it seems like an awesome place to hang out and watch whatever sports game you wish.
4	This place gets 4 stars for happy hour. Repeat this is a happy hour review only! I warned you!Golden wings and giant beers on happy hour for pretty cheap. I'm always satisfied and never leave disappointed. Aside from there happy hour menu, they have a full menu, but I think they food is kind of eh. For bar food, it'll suffice, but if I'm not drinking or it's not happy hour, I avoid this place.For some reason, every Zipps has the worst parking. I think everyone that goes there must drive two cars to get there. Parking is always terrible and small. Go early, get a spot and chill. Happy hour is good in the bar and in the dining area, so no worries about that.Seriously...grab some golden wings and a 32oz beer. You'll agree.
1	Shame on Zipps for opposing a new Z Tejas at Bethany Home and 16th St,  Afraid of a little competition.
4	Yummy food, good place for guys who like sports. Great staff.
1	Gross food. Everything had been laying around for awhile. Go somewhere else.
4	Wings are great!
5	Oh Zipps, how I love thee!First tried a Zipps about a year ago and now whenever I'm in the Phoenix area, I seek them out. Awesome happy hour and late night specials, every game you could want (ask and they'll put on whatever you want to see), and I've never had bad service. Some even run shuttles to and from spring training games.Back to Bethany Home. This location is supposedly the newest. We sat in the dining room and it probably had 12+ tvs.  We ordered some appetizers and they came out quickly. Decided to stay for dinner and everything was correct and tasty.  Parking was a little tough here.  And there was a patio that got a little busy once people got off work. I'll miss you Zipps! Til we meet again...
4	Zips is one of my favorite resrants in phx prices are good and food is better!
4	If you want a fun sports bar experience and pay awesome prices, then Zipps is for you. Their happy hour specials and their daily specials are just extraordinary. Some may say that Zipps is "no place special", but hey - it's special if you want to have a  few beers and some wings during happy hour and spend like $10.
1	Wrote a review about this place and interesting, it is was removed....It wasn't offensive in language. ....I would not recommend this place to anyone.  Rude manager, horrible service, long wait for food and when we got the food the onion rings and fries were soggy.  The nacho chips were soggy as well...the server forgot part of the bar order.This is was the second time visiting Zipps so I did give it another try but I know I will not be back and would not recommend this place.  One reviewer got it right...'if you sit at the bar and order a pitcher of beer and a burger you might be satisfied but don't bring a group of 5 or more'...you'll be stuck with horrible service and worse, the food.Sorry, hope the review remains on Yelp.
2	So much promise, such horrible food. I frequent this location with my wife and son and I don't hate it at all. The servers are typically responsive and pleasant. I have talked with several managers and all seem genuinely interested in making the experience a good one. The only thing edible are the burgers and the wings. The pizza is horrible, bland, under cooked. Everything other than the wings that come out of the fryer are so oily and grease saturated they are gross. The salads are pitiful. The onion rings take effort to make and are tough, bland, and oily. Fries are always soggy. I just wish they would put some quality control in the kitchen so the cooks can't cut so many corners to try to speed up turns. Zipp's management needs to take an objective look at the food and make some changes. I will likely stop coming here as soon as another option within 5 miles becomes available.
2	Is this place actually supposed to be . .  . you know. . . . a business?We showed up at about 7 on a Tuesday, putting us in the no-mans land between happy hours. That part didn't matter much to me, but as we seated ourselves I wondered if we might be catching them in a dead spot. Maybe that explains the rest of the review. I'm not anxious to try again. At any time.We chose to sit in the bar area where more of the tables were full than in the restaurant area. We were just there for a couple drinks and some apps.  The waitress shows up and my friend asks what they have on tap. The waitress recites a voluminous list from memory, blandly. However, neither of us could hear her well enough over the Brian Adams or some other droning shit they had playing too loudly in the background. My friend asks to see a printed beer list. The waitress--a bit perplexed--explains that they don't have printed beer lists. My friend settles for water and starts searching "Zipps Phoenix Beers" on her iPhone. On the other hand,  I--determined to get my drink on--order up a vodka tonic and throw in an order of some wings.We wait.I get my drink. The tonic water is flat as a stretch of Nebraska Interstate. Waitress comes back around. I tell her that it's not working for me and since I suspect that their tonic has gone flat, I order a vodka Diet Coke instead. She apologizes and takes the drink away. A few minutes later she's back with the Diet Coke and vodka. Which is also flat. And apparently made with "vodka" made from straining Sterno through gym socks. Waitress is now off in the distance carting around dishes. I try to wave her down. No response. I take it to the bar. Bartender not paying attention. I look back to our table. The waitress is back, but empty-handed. My friend is now searching various blog entries from 2007 looking for hints of which beers they offer besides . . . y'know . . . fuckin' Bud Light, which might be all they usually sell.I decide to have a beer instead, taking the time to walk back to the bar to look at the taps. I order an IPA.  My friend says "oh, that sounds  . . . ok . . . ". Ok then: Two. Make it two IPA's. The waitress slowly walks off, carting with her the last abortive attempt at a cocktail and our inspired beer order.We wait. I look over at the kitchen and was reminded of an order for some wings placed way back . . . oh. . . .a couple of screwed-up drink orders before. Seems like sometime back during the days of Weimar Republic by this point.  I notice that although the bar area is well-occupied, the restaurant area is basically empty. I don't see any orders up on the kitchen window. Servers and the cooks are standing around talking. I look at my friend across the table. We look at the bar, and back at the kitchen. No beers. No wings. The taste of two lousy drinks still on my tongue. A gradually-accumulating wave of bitter resentment rising within me.We got up and left. The Garage was right across the street and was everything that Zipps wasn't this night.In a word: A business.
3	Ordered the Philly Egg Rolls. They came out still frozen in the middle. It's hit or miss if the waitress will be decent or not.
1	The chicken fingers are horrible. The breading used is meant for egg rolls and such.  Not to mention my extra soggie fries....ewww
2	I'm sorry, but there is nothing special about this place. Nothing.I get it. I understand that you have to deal with a bunch of cheap people looking to get wasted off of $20. I get it. But you chose to work here, so deal with it! Don't be mean to those of us who don't mind spending money on our drinks, those of us who appreciate our waitstaff and tip 20%. Be nice!The food is horrible. Its just god awful. However, thats what you get for going to a sports bar.Customers- Ugh. You get a weird mix of cheap, lost in the middle of their 20-somethings, and semi-businessmen who want to catch the game after a long day of semi-conducting business. Not my cup of tea.Zipps, if your waitstaff would be a bit nicer and your customers grew up a little, I might come back.
1	Over this place. OVER. I've had too many ups and downs but today was the straw that broke the camel's back. We came in and there was a wait. We waited for about 15 minutes and noticed that there were 4 single guys each taking up a booth- by themselves- in the bar. It was almost comical watching them nurse their beers and play on their phones. While we were waiting on a table so we could get our hangover grub on, we noticed that there were two empty tables (4 tops). Not sure how long they'd been sitting empty, but that was frustrating. I guess the manager noticed and came over and asked if we'd mind sitting with some other people at those tables. I, being hungover and not wanting to be judged whilst I shoveled unhealthy greasy wings and a burger in my gullet, said no. I explained that we were just there to eat and would not be camping out to watch Sunday football. Why couldn't we have one of the two empty 4 tops? He wouldn't budge and said that's the way they were seating people. I call bullshit. The last time we were in on a busy Saturday, we sat by ourselves at a booth, ate, and left. No fuss. I didn't even complain when my sweet jalapeno burger came out and was missing the freaking jalapeno sauce. I was too hungry and just ate it and said nothing. Well, I am tired of making excuses for Zipps. Their fries are often flacid. The service is hit and miss. The beer selection sucks. Now they won't even fill their own tables? What the heck?Am I decked out in NFL gear like I'm going to pretend your restaurant is my living room? No, I just wanted to eat. But I had to take my money elsewhere to do that. We weren't the only ones who chose to leave either, I watched 3 other couples go while we were waiting. I'm still pissed we weren't told up front that's the way they were going to do the seating. Instead, we had to stand around and wait. At least those single guys at the 4 booths by the bar provided comic relief.
3	Very good veggie burger that you can sub into their different types of burgers...I got the thousand island one.  yum!  Great happy hour prices, plus the bartender was knowledgeable and generous w/the alcohol.  The waitress was super attentive even tho' it was packed in there and food came out FAST!Fries are very good but onion rings were greasy and chewy...ick!The patio is ALL smoking, so don't expect to sit outside unless you want lung cancer!
3	Been coming here on and off since it opened and found that it is a sports bar. It is a smaller version of what is in the valley and be kinda cramped. The capacity is def not like the one on Indian School. They have a good section of drinks and beer, it has consistent food and it has speedy service. Alot of regulars for sure and good mix of people can be found on game day, from families with small kids, to 20 somethings. The place can get packed, but have never had to wait. Will continue to come back.
4	Good wings. They were ginormous. I felt like putting my feet up on the bench, and no one gave me any guff about it. You don't need much coin to eat at hh here, friends. Great wait staff, awesome work.
5	WOOF!!  We were staying at the Hilton and they recommended Zips to us.  Being from CA, we have our fair share of wing places/ sports bars to choose from.   Upon entering it was pretty standard, loud, big screens, games on etc.....BUT there are two things that stood out to us......1) We were served by Serena who served us with a huge smile, knew her beers, and amazingly was happy to help us out...no attitude, no bs...just great service.  2) Her recommendations for golden style wings, sweet potato chips was spot on!  and by the way....ask for a side of the horse radish ranch for the wings.....much much better!  ( zips wings- golden style, Philly steak rolls and a mix base of sweet potato chips/ rings)The next time we come to Phoenix....Zips will be on our list.
5	I want to write a review about this specific Zipps, but more about the gal who served my girl friend Kelly and me the other day. Serena P. (her name was on the ticket and I took a pic to write this) Serena was amazing. Her service and attentiveness was perfect. Around enough to be completely satisfied with the amount of service and subtle enough to hardly notice she's one it, 100% Just a pleasure. Kelly was a server for years and subconsciously critiques so much about servers and service in general. To be honest, she even critiques me! She feels it's rude to ask a service to have a burger cut in half, for example. Well, Serena heard us mention Kelly and I split our meals and came back with our burger already cut! It was very thoughtful and absolutely perfect. I was then able to tell Kelly that I was right! Some servers don't mind having your burger cut in half. Bottom line, Serena was great.Food: If you come here, make sure to try to bleu cheese with the wings. The golden hot is so hot but has great flavor. My fave is dipping golden medium wings in golden hot and then bleu cheese. Yum! And the sweet jalapeno burger with the turkey patty. Amazingly delicious! Beware of the golden hot. A little at a time.Drinks: If you like beer and margaritas, then you have to try the beer with a floater. We get Dos Equis floaters with a lime. They'll get you. Love this place!
4	Love their hot sauce. A little habanero mixed in delish! Plenty of TVs with various sports games. Catch a drink. Great place to come after work. During lunch food to table takes a little long, go only if you have more than on hour lunch to spare.Have some decent happy hour specials.
4	I absolutely LOVE the wings in this place.  Both the golden extra hot and regular extra hot are some of my favorites on the planet (they are really hot though).  Try a mix of both for a different kick.The other menu items are tasty and high-quality also.  In particular their fried cheese sticks in wonton wrappers are simply awesome and worth a try.Of course, being a sports-type place, avoid the game times unless you like noisy crowds.  Otherwise the place has a decent noise level and the service is fast and efficient.
3	I love going to this place, and I go here very often.  I like to sit outside with my friends, but it takes at least ten minutes for a server to come greet us regardless how full the patio is.  They have great happy hour every single night.  I only come to this place because it has a great patio area and it is in the middle of where all my friends live.  The service is hit or miss.  For the most part, though, the service is pretty terrible.  The servers are not that attentive and are not too friendly.  On the other hand, some of the servers do a great job, but there are only a select few.  I can look around and see other servers having dirty looks on their faces to their tables or to their own staff behind there back.  This is not good for business because it is quite annoying having to wait while the servers solve their drama to get any service when our drinks have been empty for 15 minutes.
3	Magic hat number 9 is a refreshing summer ale. The fish burrito was large and very filling. Service was attentive.
5	Delicious food. For some reason the beer just taste better here. And the bartender named Katie is AMAZBALLS and has a great rack.
3	First time there.  Nothing to be uber excited about.  Good drink prices.  Decent pub grub.  Decent ambiance.  Not great, not bad.  Bartender had a good personality, at least she acted like she was there for more than just a paycheck unlike some places.
5	Jason was our bartender on a Monday night. A few of us went in for a drink. He helped us out with what to order. We will definitely come back to this location because of him.
2	We've gone here several times in the past couple of months, usually around 8:00 on Sunday evening.I'm not sure if it's because of the day and time but they are typically understaffed, service is slow and the food is poor.  The burger I had last night tasted like it had been under a heat lamp for a while, along with the onion rings.My wife's cup of chili was supposed to be "spicy", but was neither spicy nor hot, as in temperature.  Her fries also seemed to suffer from being scraped from the bottom of the pile.Next is the noise.  I know its a sports bar and it's going to get noisy, but why play loud rock music on top of that?  We couldn't hear ourselves think and when we asked for the music to be turned down they did it, but only for about five minutes.  There were about six couples at tables, and another dozen or so at the bar, and nobody was watching the games or, it seemed, listening to the music.  Lastly, no Wi-Fi.  What's up with that?  I asked and they said it's because they don't want people "camping out".  People camp out in a sports bar?  Really?Gave this place several chances but likely won't be back.
4	This is a great place to watch a Sunday Night Football game. There's enough TVs it doesn't matter where you sit or which way you look, you can always see whats going on.The medium Buffalo wings have great flavor. Probably some of the better wings I have eaten and I eat a lot of wings.The Mozzarella cheese sticks are different than any I have ever had. They too were great. The service was great.  The prices were cheaper than I expected. I will definitely go back.
3	Zipps is great for watching sports, but definitely get there early for whatever game you want to watch. There's plenty of seating, but it fills up fast. Each TV is designated with what team it'll be playing, so you can plan accordingly.Service is fine, and the food is pretty average. Of course, you're going to watch a game and get a few drinks, not for the meal of your life, so don't expect too much. Drinks are reasonably priced, and if you're hungry, try the nachos or chips and salsa. There's also plenty of parking, which is good.I'd go back to watch a game.
4	Was out touring some existing project site with a client, and a fellow co-worker suggested we stop in at Zipps for lunch . . . well I have been on this 28 day metablolism boost / energy incresing food plan from my trainer for the past three weeks, so I was alittle worried about going to a sports bar for lunch.What a pleasant surprise . . . I was able to have the club salad with the dressing on the side, and it fit into the food plan perfectly . . . not to mention that the lettuce was cool and crisp, the bacon was thick with a crisp out side and tender inside, and the amount of other topping to lettuce was perfectly balanced.  The others in the party all had different burgers, and loved them . . . yes the drool was starting . . . especially for the Mushroom Swiss Burger . . . but that will have to wait for another visit . . . damn.Now, why only four stars if everything was perfect . . . being on the food plan for almost a month had me wondering if it was the lack of restaurant food or if it really was that good . . . I'm betting the latter . . . but I need to come back for that Mushroom Swiss Burger befor I can give this place five stars . . .Zipps . . . see you again soon . . . only one more week to go.
3	Great patios, great sports bar, great beer, great service, NOT so great food. We love this place it is very convenient to where we live, but we only come for the happy hour beers (which are huge) and to sit on the great patios. The food is just really bad...
1	Worst customer service ever we gotInto 25min argument over 3 dollars and they ended up not helping us out
4	New to the area and went exploring with my husband. In the mood for a sports bar and good food to watch the Michigan state and Kentucky basketball game.  Took advantage of the happy hour chips and salsa, on which the guacamole was delicious, not too salty, same with the chips. I can't stand over salty goods that take away from the natural taste. Also took advantage of the beer deals for a couple of bucks!  Nothing too crazy nor unique on draft, but ya can't beat the beers that you're familiar with.  The atmosphere for  sports games is great!! At least 18 TVs (and yes, I counted).  Went for a sandwich from the menu that was different from back home, the chicken focaccia.  I found the proportion to be the perfect amount and the sandwich delicious! This place is a great place to hang out with friends, especially for a game. Loud enough to bring an infant (which we did). Oh and our server was awesome, quick, efficient, friendly and offered up places to visit!
3	I only come here for the wings and they're great. $6 during happy is even better. premium beers are $3 during happy :)Edit: I come here all the time to watch sports. Consistently the orders take longer to receive. Im not sure I like the open seating. It seems like the servers get more swamped without someone managing that. They have some awesome cheese sticks! Its like a mozzarella eggroll.
1	Frequent customer to this location. I was denied seating at the only available table, a six top, because my party of two was not large enough (they were full, but no waiting list). The hostess asked if I could "get more people?". She said I could sit in the bar which was overfilled or the patio instead. I said no to the patio and said I would be happy to sit at the bar if she could find seating for us (there was none). She stared at me blankly, confusion. I then asked if we should leave instead of being seated at the available table, response was silence. Just a blank stare. We turned and left.As we drove off to find another sports bar I decided to call and let a manager know that I was displeased. I called and spoke to Jason. Jason said he heard the entire exchange and that it was my fault because I didn't give them a chance. I assume Jason is one of the owners children, no other explanation for someone that inept hanging on to a management position anywhere. My wife, son and I will no longer be seen at Zipp's. Way to go Jason!Side note-Zipps- Please listen- your patio is a nasty smoke hole. No one that isn't smoking or with a smoker would sit out there. I would love to kick it on the patio when the weather is nice, but you've sold the entire space to smokers, so not very friendly to anyone else out there. (Not bashing on smokers, Zipps says it's a smoking section so no foul on you).
2	Gave this place a second chance because a few close friends loves their wings. The  "golden sauce" was recommended. We went to watch the ASU vs UCLA game. Go Devils!Our waitress's name was Josie. The service was terrible, mediocre would be giving them too much credit. It took about 35 mins to get our first round of drinks.. mind you I had to ask someone who wasn't serving our section. Once our wings finally made it to the table the gal that was the food runner dropped one of the wings. She laughed it off and never came back to pick it up. Very odd situation. Cleanliness doesn't seem to be a priority there. Overall bad experience. The place is mundane and lacks originality.  The wings were okay, I didn't care to order anything after the wing situation.
2	Went here around 7pm on a Friday night. It wasn't busy at all which was surprising. Sat down and got drinks served to us right away. However when we were ready to order, our waitress was no where in site. Must have taken a 10 minute break or something, and finally we ordered. Food came out pretty quickly and it was okay, nothing great. Then when we were ready for our check, our waitress was gone AGAIN. Finally another waitress noticed we were waiting around so she kindly got our check and rung us up. Overall would not go there again. Ever.
4	Came for happy hour. Yeyeeee. 1.50 for a slice of pizza. What a deal haha. Can't go wrong with a blue moon, a slice of mushroom pizza and the game is on. PERFECTTT
4	we went on a saturday night after my son's basketball games and the place was not packed at all.  since we got there 15 minutes before their saturday night specials were to begin, we asked if we can delay ordering our beer and pizza (both on special) - our waiter was really accommodating and very patient.by far the best wings i've had.  ordered them extra crispy and they just put the right amount of sauce - not too much where it drips all over the place.  greek salad was enough to share but nothing to rave about.  same with the pizza.  kids were happy with their meals - cheeseburger and quesadilla were both tasty.  finally, the cookie skillet that we ordered for dessert was really good. we did not run into any problems with the server/service.  she made sure that our drinks are refilled, extra napkins/wetnaps on the table, etc.  we will definitely be back!!!
4	Tried the golden wings and pepper jack focaccia, both were very good, well portioned and well made. Not five stars though due to lunch took 1.5 hours and our bartender/bar waitress seemed to be overcome with tables and it took longer than expected to eat and get the bill paid and leave. I will definitely be here again for the golden wings and try the Philly spring rolls.
3	I would say the best part of this place is the giant beers. :) I ordered the giant beer which was served cold and was delish as well as the Philly rolls. They were a bit disappointing - it's literally  2 egg rolls for $6.50. Not worth it. Simple as that. It was good but not for the price.  Friend ordered veggie burger and received a fried white rice pattie. She expected a boca burger, or something with actual protein. Yummy but not worth ordering again.
4	not really a fan of chains, but this one does everything right. the food is a steal at their prices, then add in that there is literally only 1 hour a day where there isn't something on special. some of the best wings in central phoenix and their Extra Hot sauce is actually hot, yet still flavorful. only problem? this is a rough place on sundays during the nfl season, it gets INSANELY busy. but for monday night/ college football, its usually not that bad. other sports barely cause a blip unless the suns/ dbacks/ coyotes/ asu are playing in a REALLY big-deal game.
2	They have plenty of TVs which is nice.  The volume was a little too high and the tables are just a smidge too close together.  Its the little things right?  Also adding to the weird atmosphere is the children sporadically placed in an otherwise sporty bar.The food is about average to poor.  The wings are decent but could use a little more zip in the sauce.  Definitely not original or exceptional.  The burgers are odd because the meat is actually pretty good but its put in this cheap mcdonald's like bun and all you get is a couple slices of red onion.  First of all, why would you want 2 slices of red onion and what about the usual lettuce and tomato?  Pickle anyone?  The fries are like In and outs of Phoenix area - dry, dark, and shrivelled.  The onion rings are like plump versions of French's onions, the things you put on top of green bean casseroles.  It seems like a fun place, and I'd love to find something that's great there, but the food is definitely not a draw for me at this point.  At any location.
2	We ate at Zipps Sports Grill for the very first time, and we all we disappointed at the service and the food.  The waitress was not attentive, we waited 15 minutes to have her place our order.  They serve you wet plastic baskets with parchment paper setting inside and paper is all wet, unsanitary in the fact that our food will be setting in it.  The french fries were sopping in grease and were over done.  The onion rings were chewy and tough, almost as if they were deep fried a second time.  The salad came right out of  a bag, just lettuce and shredded carrots, not very appealing. There is a lot of competition out there and if they don't change a few things they will not last very long.
3	Long story short the place looks great with a million large tv's. We came for lunch and it took nearly 25 minutes to get 2 salads and a sandwich. The salad was fine so I have no complaints with that. I'm probably grasping at straws but the iced tea tasted good. Ha!!!The place wasn't that busy and I don't know what happened that made that tale so long. I will go back to give it a second chance and will hope for better.   From listening to a friend of mine I expected more.
2	The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad. 1 time what we ordered and what we got were not even close.  Ok chalk it up to a mistake the next time chicken fingers that had so much grease it dripped off of it just holding it up.
5	Great service even during sporting events. They have MAGIC HAT #9 on tap which is perfect after mountain biking trail 100. Great rotating happy hours also.
3	Sadly disappointed with Zipps this time. I used to come a lot for the good and sports but the chicken skewers are half the size they used to be and there's no game sounds, it's night club music. I understand pumping it up later but it's basketball and hockey playoffs and there's no game sounds. Always love the  service, never a problem there. Just disappointed in the atmosphere.
1	Yes we were discriminated against.  A block from our house, we used to walk over there all the time.  We were there on opening day and have been regulars ever since.  Now there is a new manager with a "seating policy."  That meant that if you aren't young and hip looking, you are told that they don't have any tables for two.  Same thing happened to the two people checking in right in front of us.  The hostess was very rude to them so I tried to be extra nice so I wouldn't get treated like that.  Didn't help.The manager was a total jerk about everything.  There were plenty of open tables, but they were "saving them for more than two people."  It was 5:50 pm. That's when a young couple with a baby came in long after us, and they sat them at an empty table right away.   We were told by Cesar Rodriquez, the GM, that they were a "party of 3" so they got seated.  We looked around the restaurant, and just about every 4-top table or booth had 2 people at it.  Total BS.  If you are over 55, don't bother going to this Zipp's.  We finally left because the staff was rude and kept smirking at us.  This used to be one of our favorite places, but now we will never go back.
3	blah blah blah blah blah GOLDEN WINGS blah blah blah blah blah
3	Zipps have great happy hour specials all day. Great atmosphere to watch a game and the service is great! The only issue I have is that they do not play the audio for the games all the time.
1	I just had one of the worst experiences ever at this place tonight all thanks to the GM Damon! I have never been talked down to or treated like trash in my life, especially as a paying customer, until this evening all thank to the GM Damon. First, the GM Damon scolded my husband, myself and our 10+ friends like unruly children for asking if we could have the misters on outside in 90 degree weather. Then the GM proceeded to joke loudly with patrons across the patio about the amount of bleach that needs to be used to clean lately because of all the blood (referring to the recent shooting that occurred here)! When I went to the front counter to grab a business card I saw him and asked what his name was to which he rudely responded "Damon. Want me to give you the number to Corporate." A manager should know how to talk to people and solve an issue so that patrons come back, not challenge them to call corporate. I don't know what this guys power trip was but clearly there is a reason he is the closing manager on a Sunday night. Perhaps Zipps should look into the type of people it calls "managers" and provide them with proper training. We have been coming here since this place opened and lately it has really gone down hill. Very, very disappointing.
1	I don't know which is worse the food, service or the drinks. Wouldn't recommend to anyone no matter how drunk they are.
2	This was our second time eating at Zipps. We received a gift card. The first time was ok/good. Last night- we experienced a Meh moment. We ordered burgers. When they came out- I ate a fry. Took the Bun off the burger- looked at my husband and said. "I didn't order this." But it was the burger with bbq and onion rings on it. It actually was my second choice so I decided to keep it.    My husband noticed they brought him half/half fries and onion rings. He didn't order that but -whatever.   server comes back- says sorry these weren't yours, we mixed them up. I start to say- I touched the burger-she was gone. It's very loud in Zipps- BUT When a customer is speaking to you- don't rip the food away and go. My husband said, well, you tried to tell her.    My point was- I don't want to receive food other people have fingered.eww. And for that reason I will not eat at Zipps again. The food was ok- no complaints on taste.  The place is for sports watching and drinking anyway. Good crowd for the Stanley cup............
1	I have been here a handful of times because the wings and ranch are delish! I have tried a few other things on the menu but nothing compares to my favorite cheat meal from zipps of wings,fries and a side salad with ranch! However after my last visit I will not be going back! The service was horrible-- from the moment we got there our waitress was very rude and we could all tell very unhappy we were a party of 8. I am not sure what happened to customer service but she had none! It took forever to get even a glass of water! She didn't smile once it was weird and awkward. She may have been having a bad day but thats none of my business. Her service was awful! I should have learned the last few times things had happened like my brother leaving his wallet there calling them asking them to hold it and when he got there it was no where to be found or the time we went for my aunts birthday and they forgot to inform us or show on the bill that gratuity was included and allowed us to tip 20% more on a 500$ bill. At the end of the day Zipps and shady. To be honest this place deserves no stars.
4	Great place to eat, drink, and watch sporting events! Smoking on the patio (with mist system) but get there early if there are some big games on to get a table. Service can be a spotty sometimes, but overall this is a great place to hang out with friends and family.
4	Always really good food here! Great for a late night hang out. They serve food until 12:00AM, bar open till 2:00AM. Wings and pizza are a must. Burgers are great too. Nightly specials on food and bar. Servers are always nice, but they don't hire the girls for their brains. I asked if they had Peach Ale? "No we don't" I was told. So I settled for Blue Moon. When she asked if I wanted another Blue Moon, I inquired as to what other beer they had on draft? She listed them including Apricot Ale, which I chose. Um, if she had any brains she could have suggested the Apricot Ale when I asked if they had Peach the first time. I won't hold it against Zipps. As I said, these girls are not hired for their brains.
4	It's Zipps! The service was just as good as the one in Scottsdale. The fries were just as tasty and the wings were just as hot. This location is brighter which is a plus and their appears to be more seating? Or maybe it is just their set up. But again it's Zipps!!
4	Came here around 1130 pm with friends and our 2 yr old after a basketball game, the place wasn't too crowded yet and we were seated right away even as a big group of 9. The food was delicious, several friends got burgers and they looked big with a great heap of fries, they said they loved them. My husband got the wings and said he would eat more but he was stuffed, he liked how saucey they were and meaty, he's a wings guy so I'll take his word for it. I got the bbq ranch salad, it was a large serving, much bigger than most salads at other places and very good, I plan on going back soon to try it again. Our server was a really nice guy, very helpful, refilled drinks often and talked with us about our night etc. We had a great night all together, even our daughter was happy and content with her food, no complaints from us as I know it was on the later side and they didn't mind our 2 yr old...
4	I am a hugeeeee fan of Zipps!! Their golden medium wings are so saucy and full of flavor and the perfect amount of spice. Their ranch,I could drink. It is delicious!! Their fries are the best in town however their onion rings are hit or miss. We went a couple days ago and had the best onion rings out of the 50+ times we have been there. Fully breaded and actually had a crisp to them. Other times they are soggy with undercooked batter or have no breading and  are burnt lil onion rings. But I can never go there and not get fries and onion rings! Now don't get me started on their "Zipparitas"...best margaritas everrrr!! Must have if u go to Zipps!! Service is pretty good. Takes a while to get your bar drinks sometimes but they are attentive for the most part. Zipps is a great place for happy hour and reverse happy. I think one of the top 3 in phx for sure. I would like to see them put cool toys in the dinosaur game. My kid was excited to win a spongebob squarepants (plastic) ball. When she opened it, inside was a lil mini plastic body of Mr. Krabs. He didn't even have a head. It had a lil plastic Lego connect kind of ball where his head should be...I guess maybe his head is in another ball in the pit. Lol $1 for that? My kid looked at me like what am I supposed to do with this. *smh put some cool things in that dinosaur game for the kids to grab. ;) we will continue to be regulars tho!
1	The service is great. The food is good.  I come here every week for 1.5 years just to have magic hat on tap and they replaced it with less than appealing options. BRING BACK MAGIC HAT #9 !!!!!!!Anyone else agree?
5	Have been here several times with my girlfriend and my husband.  Food is always good.  Burgers are especially great with half fries and half rings.  Servers are always attentive and friendly.  Atmosphere has a nice respite from the outside blistering heat.  Cool and dark.
2	Zipps used to be the go to place to watch any sporting event. Then they changed the menu in what seems to be nothing more than a cash grab. I hope that they see the error of their ways and bring back the old specials. Until then the group that I watch sports with will by going to the sports bar we used to go to before Zipps. Someone who works here seems to think that the majority of the people going here weren't coming for the specials. Guess what you're wrong. That's why people went to Zipps, cheap beer and decent food.
5	I get DOWN on their hot wings. And the happy hour?! Perfect. I wish there was a Zipps on every street corner. My favorite sports bar, even though I'm not a fan of sports bars. Go!
1	Bitchiest bartender in the valley!  She had such an  over the top reaction to my friend forgetting her ID you'd think she was auditioning for a soap opera. For future reference, a simple sorry we can't serve you without proof of age would be fine. And, just to clarify the situation, my friend wasn't being rude or obnoxious or trying to convince the bartender to get her a drink.  She simply realized after ordering that she had left her ID at work. The bartender went on to give a loud, extremely rude lecture on how she was not going to serve her tonight or any other night without the ID. Ummm..we weren't asking you to. So due to this unpleasant, uncomfortable experience I can't say I'm eager to come back anytime soon. Who wants to be yelled at for doing absolutely nothing?
4	It's right by my house, crowded on game days, not if you get there early. I like taking the family, my kids love it. We love the chicken wings. I don't know what a pizzookie is, but the kids flip over them.
4	It a nice place to chill and have drinks with friends while watching sports.  They have a good selection of American food and their service is good.  Recommend going when its happy hour.
1	Zips bar and grill is ridiculous we went there for my girlfriend's birthday and they would not accommodate a friends food allergy that is outrageous and just poor customer service from the manager saying she could have a salad never going back again!!!
2	Meh. Nothing from the menu got my attention. I wasn't in the mood for "bar food".  I ordered last out of my party and I tried to ask the waitress questions but it didn't help. Finally narrowed it down to two, I couldn't decide between chicken focaccia or fish sandwich. At the last minute I decided on Golden style medium wings based on the reviews.  I wasn't impressed. It's sweet and a kick. I'm curious to know what they use to sweeten the wings, so I know to avoid it. Service was okay.  Our order was correct. One good thing? I love the ice tea! Delicious! I prefer the Chandler & Tempe location.  Such a different vibe.
5	Love Zipps. Great service and it's always Happy Hour. Sports bar good for adults and kids too. Perfect.
4	Our favorite spot during football season especially. Everyone is so friendly and the food awesome. We always get the wings and the wonton wrapped cheese sticks with are awesome. Burgers are delicious and the ziparitas are too.
