5	Attended my brother's wedding on June 9.Mr & I arrived late on Friday night, baby sister picked us up @ the airport. Vegas was HOT about 97 degrees at 10 PM. Drove at least 17 miles before we reach our resort.Pulled in a underground parking, w/c I found safe. Proceeded to walk to our room. I noticed right away they have 2 big swimming pool, one for children and one for adults. Darn it, were so rushed I didn't packed a bathing suit.Got to our Vierra Suite, a 3 bedroom/3 bathroom lake view. It was huge complete with kitchen and large living room. all rooms including the living room has balcony overlooking the lake & the plaza. We even have a huge plasma tv. Room AmenitiesBalcony/sun deck, Bathrobes, Cable TV, CD player, Coffee maker, Coffee/tea - complimentary, Data port, Deck/patio furniture, Direct dial phones, Dishwasher, DVD, Fridge, Full kitchen, Hairdryer, High Speed Internet Access, In suite washer/dryer , Individually controlled air-conditioning, Individually controlled heating, Iron/ironing board, Local TV, Microwave, Oven, Radio, Stove, Toaster, VCR, Voicemail, Windows that open.Regular price $519.00 to $739.00 Average night rate but since were there for a wedding with the discount we paid about $1100 for 2 nights & 3 days, not bad. We practically occupied the suite so I'm pretty sure they make money.I like this resort because the have free concert on the weekend, after the wedding on Saturday, there's a live jazz band playing, it was so romantic. For some they have casino inside the resort so you do not have to drive to the strip. The restaurant have live band playing it was great. This resort was awesome, perfect for wedding. Just so you know, the maximum guests they allowed is 100. And be prepared to have a budget of $25-35 K. Presidential suite is included in the package.
4	To get away from it all in Vegas, you can choose a multitude of places to get away from the city, Lake Las Vegas is one of those places. Montelago is a place that doesn't offer the most posh amenities, however extremely comfy and comes with a kitchen and living room (my room did) I really love the convenience of this hotel. Its really easy to get to your room and the decor is light and airy and relaxing. I recommend this for a little "day-cation" to get away from the city!!!
4	I brought my parents here this past weekend when they visited from  the midwest.  I knew they'd love it, and I was right. The reason I love this place is that it is calm, and that it is so cute- a little village.  I love a place that has its own character and identity. My dad loved the fact that though he was relatively close to the Strip, he didn't have to suffer the sensory overload of "Vegas"- no overwhelming neon, flashing lights, spilled beer, nekkid lady cards or hordes of tacky partiers.  We all enjoyed the beautiful scenery (lots of photographic opportunities here) and my dad was especially excited about the outdoor concerts.  The boutiques here give the place a real identity of its own- you don't feel you're in some cookie cutter plaza with the same old stores you can find across the country.  The fun strings of lights crossing the walkways create an attractive sight at dusk and nighttime, and the many seating areas and  eateries make the place comfortable for resting or lingering. You don't feel you have to hurry to see the next sight.  Even the casino on the premises has a different feel to me because of the serene surroundings.We had lunch at the cafe that is adjacent to the Montelago casino.  The food was tasty and affordable, the extra-wide chairs very comfortable (and heavy!) and the place was clean.  Service was decent- seems the waitstaff are attentive until you are done eating, and then it can take a while for them to bring you your check. I've noticed this all three times I've been there.  But that's only a small quibble, since I don't mind sitting there enjoying some calmness, as well as the view outside.I've been to the other eatery upstairs (Toppos?  Tappos?)  They have a bar and also serve finger foods.  My friends and I got cigars and pipes for fun last year (we'd just visited the sophisticated Havana Cigar Company) and smoked those at the tables, but I'm not sure if you can still smoke there.  The food was good and the drinks were great.  It was cozy and fun up there.  When I have time, which is rare these days, I look for excuses to come back here with friends.  My parents loved Montelago so much they want to stay at Lake Las Vegas next year. I sure hope they do!!
3	We have stayed here twice and each occasion had different types of rooms.  The first time was about 2 years ago.  We had a one bedroom suite and it was very nice, 4 stars.This year, we got a 2 bedroom/2bath suite.  It was very comfortable with a few exceptions.  The water flow in the showers is very limited.  2 people can not shower at the same time.  You will end up fighting for the water.  There was only one small, hotel size shampoo, nothing else.  Good thing we travel with our own stuff.  We do not travel with our own blankets therefore we got cold throughout the night. There was only a sheet and thin blanket.  We did stay in January so I figured that we could get a thicker blanket.  The valet service is gone as well as the bellboys.  We had to get our own bags and push our own luggage rack up to our room.  Service was so much better last time.  Great place to relax and not be around obnoxious drunks especially when you travel with your mother or your kids.
4	This little oasis is just 10 minutes from Henderson. 2 golf courses amid the lakes and at the center is the Montelago Casino & Resort, The Ritz-Carlton and the Montelago Village.It's really an outdoor mall of specialty shops and fine dining on the edge of the lake attached to the Resort & Casino. It has such a quaint village feel with its cobble stone walks and architecture.I've been out here twice for special events. 1st an Easter Egg hunt for the kids and most recently the 1st annual chili cook-off.There's always a nice crowd but it is managed well because there is never a long line or anything.I would agree it is overpriced but it is the Ritz and the Village. It's a nice day trip to get away from the Jungle.I have posted more pics here http://offthestripdining.blogspot.com/2009/01/llv-chili-cook-off.html
5	Montelago Village @ Lake Las Vegas is a hidden gem in the desert as several posters have said.   Like all resorts in the country, LLV has felt the affects of the poor economy.   LLV is busiest mostly during the weekend and evenings.  During the spring/summer and fall, the village offers free concerts on Friday and Saturday nights.   ALL of the restaurants there are great, including the best breakfast in town at the casino cafe.    The sports-bar cafe has a giant foot long hotdog which is a must see and must eat! I've stayed several times at the Viera Condos.  These are actually owned by individuals and turn into hotel rooms when they aren't using them.   So, for the same price as a most hotels., you're getting a well decorated, full-size condo with up to 3 bedrooms, kitchens, dishwashers, microwaves...  you could literally move in!!!!   When you stay there, the rooms are cleaned everyday.  It's  a great concept!!  The one we rented had a large patio with awesome views of the lake, pool and mountains. Montelago Village is not the strip.  It's the anti-strip.  But, close enough to see show and have dinner, but return to tranquility.  If you want to relax and unwind, have some great meals and be close to the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and the Grand Canyon, this is your place!   If you want party central, go to the strip.   This place feels like a village in Italy. Slow paced, quaint and world away.
4	I stayed at Montelago Resort several times and always had a fantastic time.  My friends and I would rent out the villas inside Montelago Village and party it up all day and night.  One great feature about the villas is they all connect to the spa/pool area behind the back entrance to each individual villa.  They also offer two-story three-bed/two bath living quarters inside the villas. Being right inside Montelago Village offers fantastic scenic views of the lake and a couple of great restaurant locations as well.  Definitely try to stop and so this place before it wastes away in leu of the Ritz closing.
4	Montelago Village is the place you go as a local when you want to escape.  You see reviews that say words like "oasis" and "gem", which get right to the point and describe Montelago in a single word.  I've stayed at the hotel several times, eaten at many of the restaurants, and played at the casino.  This place has always been my inner Vegas vacation spot.  The view of the strip from Montelago makes you feel like you've left.  However, Montelago capitalizes on tranquility and beauty that Las Vegas has slowly been losing for years.  You owe it to yourself to see it before the economy puts the final nail in the coffin, and I personally hope that when things begin to turn around, Lake Las Vegas can have a resurgence.
4	People, listen up. You really need to go to this wonderful quiet place. It is located near Henderson and is a nice getaway from the annoying tourists and crap of the strip. There are cute little boutiques, restaurants, and bars. In fact, on this trip (3rd time), we bought a pretty wind chime at Flights of Fancy. A perfect outing could be lunch or dinner at one of the restaurants, followed by a scoop or two of gelati, and then maybe a small walk. We didn't realize until today that there is paddle boat rentals as well as boat rentals. Maybe next time. I also learned that there are Movies on the Lake events during the summer. Free, and perfect for families or a date night. I am definintely going to give this information to my co-workers with families. By the way, this is funny- while there today, walking off lunch (Luna Rossa...see my review) we saw Mike Tyson and his family. They were walking around and then rented one of the boats. He wasn't as big as I would have expected. What is sad about The Village is that Las Vegas was hit extremely hard by the collapse of the housing market and the downslide of the local economy. As a result, one of the golf courses is closed. So is the Ritz hotel and the casino located near The Village. Unfortunately, the parking garage which gets you access to The Village is connected to the Ritz so here are the instructions to get to The Village:1. Park on the 5th level of the garage. It's actually the only level open.2. Take the elevator or stairs down to the 2nd level. 3. Walk towards the loading dock and there is a door open for public to walk through. This is how you will get to The Village.
3	Do you want to experience what it's like to be in the Twilight Zone, then come here.  Ghost towns hold some fascination, but this is as close as you can get to a modern ghost town that just emptied out a couple years ago.There is evidence of life, such as shop misters, ticking clocks, open signs, but there is NO ONE around.  You walk and suddenly there appears a gardener;  you walk into a gelato store and you think it's empty until an old lady emerges from the back to scare the hell out of  you; you walk up the cobbled path and it feels like this pretty place has been abandoned.  You pass the late Ritz Carlton and it looks like a storied monument to old money that has flew the coop.  The casino has a large lock on its doors, but the village is colorful, pretty, quaint, and looks new.It is hot, and it is quiet.  Eeriness surrounds you, and you think you are on a movie set that has left for lunch.   You feel grateful to see another soul walking about because it attests to your sanity.  After an hour of searching for life, we leave to drive around the lake and note the modern ruins of half-baked mansions amid gated communities, and it is truly a testament to the current state of affairs that George W. Bush has gotten us into.
4	If you live in the Las Vegas/Henderson areas, The Village is the type of place you should visit at least once. The Village is a charming little area where you can relax and grab a bite to eat. It's significantly busier during the summer, but my family and I enjoy stopping by during the evenings to relax. There are also rentals (boats, kayaks, etc) that are fun and affordable. The tapas restaurant and gelato store are my favorite places to eat.
3	I really wanna give this more stars but its such a weird vibe you get here. I was here around noon..when everything was opening up and it was like the other Yelpers said..an eerie ghost town. Not many people at all. It was nice to stroll along and have some quite time tho.I can remember coming here years ago for my BDay at night and this place was popping! I wonder if they still get people out here at night. I will have to come back again before the whole town shuts down. I remember the view was so pretty at night..much different than what I saw during the day. The view was still very pretty but the Village didnt have the twinkle of night time.They have free live music on Fri & Sat nights. Gonna check it out soon since the weather is about to get much better.
5	This is truly a beautiful little area.Other reviews have noted that it's a ghost town during the week (which I can attest to this being true), but with the casino supposedly re-opening next February, that may change later.  I think reviews have been a little too hard on the lack of people.  Besides, who wants to be crowded all the time?It's about as "Non-Vegas" as you can get.  Why is this important or even wanted?  Sometimes you need a break from the oranges and browns of the desert, and be around a body of water.  The style of the whole place looks like an Italian village.  It's startling when you walk through it and realize you haven't driven all that far to be here.On weekends (for now, anyway), they run movies in the part and have music playing.  This place earns a whole star simply because you can walk barefoot in the grass (You don't realize how much you miss the sensation until it's rare).  The shops and restaurants are pleasant and low-key.  There's even a great Irish pub in the area.  The surrounding area is remarkably quiet.  I'd go as far as to say it's quaint.  I am going to have to break down and rent a paddleboat.While it isn't a jam-packed full area full of 24/7 party central, there are plenty of places in Vegas to get that atmosphere.  If you want something quiet and intimate (great for dating), this is perfect for just going out for a stroll and making the night your own.
4	I come to vegas one a year, but I never go anywhere other then the strip. This time we decided to explose ourself to a different part of Las Vegas. We decided to try the lake Las Vegas. This place is very different compare to the strip. I so quiet that we though we were at the ghost town at first. After a little walk, we think this place is not bad. They have many different restaurants to choose from. We tried the italian restaurant which was so good. I honestly never tried Italian food before. I mean the real Italian restaurant. It taste so much different from the olive garden. I also liked the lake a lot. I will definately go back there.
4	I came back here on Halloween night for the Trick or Treating event they were having. I'm glad I came here since it was nice and laid back..not like Town Square was. All the shops were handing out candy and I walked around with both my guys. We were all dressed up and ready to have some fun. They had guys on stilts making balloons for the kiddo's. They also had music playing and contests. It was the perfect way to spend the evening. The villiage is much nicer to visit in the evening. The view was amazing.
4	This is a pretty little place that you never knew existed in the Las Vegas/Henderson locale. My husband said "it doesn't even feel like we are in Las Vegas anymore." The cobblestone streets, the little shops, and the nice hotels- add to the character and charm. I'd been here many times (wine down wednesdays (one of the radio stations sponsored it)- one event was at japengo which was absolutely delicious) before my husband and I spent one of our wedding anniversaries here- we had breakfast at one of the little cafes and walked around- lots of picture taking opportunities here, including a pretty bridge. We went to the little wind chime shop- such a neat place- I got to choose one thing which is sort of hard, considering that there were so many cute things at this specialty shop. There are special events (concerts & festivals) held here and I believe that there is an ice skating area for the winter holiday season. So because of what was happening in the country (recession aka. economic downturn) one hotel had to close up shop. Seeing this quaint little place is worth the drive.
3	This place is beautiful! It is a relaxing environment. The place was empty, we went into a very nice italian restaurant with only one other table in it.  The food was great, but the service was horrible, never asked us if we wanted refills & the water tasted like I was drinking straight out of the lake, never checked to see how our food was & we were sitting there for a while after we were done & started stacking up our plates & still had to wave our hand to get the check, he even walked right next to our table 3 times & didn't say a word; this is understandable at a busy restaurant, but there was only 1 other table in there besides us.  Then we went ice skating & nobody was watching the rink, these kids were throwing the cones around. I haven't went ice skating in about 15 years so I was not planning on dodging cones, when we tried to complain to the kid working he said "okay" while he talked on the phone to someone who was obviously more important than a paying customer & then he shut his window.  So we paid $30 to skate for 5 minutes.  This place gets 3 stars for how beautiful & relaxing it is, but i'd give it no stars for its customer service; you'd think they'd be extra nice to people so they'd get some referrals considering the place is a ghost town!
4	This is such a wonderful part of Las Vegas/Henderson.  I went out there for the first time in over a year with my husband and our dogs.  We were so happy to see Lake Las Vegas looks like it's really taking a turn for the best.  It's nice out here because there were people and tourists but it wasn't over-crowded.  The restaurants had plenty of patrons too.   Every restaurant we went to was extremely dog friendly.  If you head out here, I would highly recommend Sunset and Vines, and La Havana Cigar Bar.  We had great service at both places.  I'm sure we will be back sooner than later to try some of the other restaurants.The only thing I noticed that was a little "Debbie-downer" was the lack of shops.  I know this area was hit hard by the economy.  It's great to see the Casino and the Ritz reopening, under other names and new owners.  Hopefully, they continue the wine tastings and concerts on the lake this summer.  Regardless, we will be back to check out the other restaurants and keep up with events out there.  Anytime you need a break from the city, have a beautiful view and just want to relax...come here!
4	My boyfriend & I stayed here for the 4th of July (2011) & we loved it. It surpased our expectations.. the room was very big, clean & equipt with many amenities. Lake Las Vegas in general was pretty slow, but I think the idea is to get away from the hustle & bustle of the city & the strip. The lake was gorgeous & seen from almost anywhere from the hotel. The customer service was good, there's only one casino, 5 or so restaurants & a couple bars. We stayed in the Luna East building & it was a little bit of a walk to get to the main casino & shops, but it was really secure & I felt very safe. I would recommend staying here to anyone & I myself may come back & stay here as well.
5	I came here for the first time a couple of weeks ago because they were hosting an outdoor movie (Inception). The evening was practically free but it is one of the best dates I've been on. We watched the movie under the stars with a great view of the lake. I had so much fun ! I even saw a shooting star....awe! The shops and restaurants were on these cobblestone walk ways. They have Jazz singers singing outside. The singers were good too ! They made me feel like I was walking in a Meg Ryan movie....Youv'e Got Mail, Sleepless in Seattle, When Harry Met Sally...you get the picture! It was a great night and the scenery was beautiful! I can't wait to go back !
4	This is such a great spot. It's pretty and just far enough away from the Strip. Most everywhere within (stores, restaurants, etc.) is dog-friendly, which is awesome. The restaurants aren't superb, but there are several great options. The stores aren't that interesting to me, but it can be fun to window shop. And there are always so many events happening here - free concerts, free movies, wine walks, beerfests, etc. And during the Christmas holidays, they go all out with a big tree, decorations, lights, etc. - even a floating ice skating rink! This is a great place to spend a lazy weekend afternoon just walking around.
2	Nice place.Unhappy receptionist.Poor housekeeping.Poor internet with charge of $20/night resort fee
5	Place is for the older crowd. Very nice place though, seriously!
1	The room was not stocked with blankets. Called front desk and the lady would not accommodate me. She asked for me to walk across the bridge to get the blanket myself. I am a local and for the amount of money I paid for the suite you would think a blanket wouldn't be a problem. Will never stay here again. The hotel staff I've encountered today have been very rude.
4	We stayed there this past weekend while my husband had an r/c world cup championship boat race. The rooms were spacious & we liked the fact there were kitchens in each of the rooms. Only issue was the room keys kept deactivating. Also, hopefully this resort will get in more business, the village shopping & restaurant area was like a ghost town. A lot of the shops were vacant. Kinda sad since the resort is beautiful!
5	My family and I spend Christmas weekend here, and it was absolutely beautiful! Staying here was very low-key, which is exactly what we were looking for! We stayed at a 2 bedroom suite with full kitchen access, and everything was perfect! The room came with coffee mugs, cups, wine glasses, utensils, plates, bowls, and a cutting board. We also had pots and pans to cook our Christmas dinner! We were on the third floor and had a beautiful view of the lake. My family and I have decided to make this an annual Christmas trip since we had such a phenomenal experience.
4	I was recently at this Resort with my family as our destination during Spring Break vacation;) We absolutely loved this Resort as it is a secluded  and quiet location, a must if you need to getaway from the city and totally relax. It's a fully furnished condo with kitchenette, coffee maker, toaster, blender, plates, cups, microwave, dinnerware, it's a quiet home away from home:) Views of the lake are serene and absolutely beautiful. Hot tub was perfect and pool water was warm not cold, there's parking outdoors and underground parking, there's also a fitness center and laundry roomThe only area that needs improvement is electronic devices, they should offer a flat screen and more recent dvd player, but overall great resort:)We are looking forward to returning here but staying longer in near future
1	HORRIBLE!!!!!! Checked in about 5pm on a Tuesday. Some young kid at the front desk. Lobby was all torn up. I guess ready to paint. No bell Captain. No carts. No service. NO NOTHING!!!! Got to the room. Cable guy was in the room....WT??Really. Nobody to be scene on the property and you put us in a room being worked on by the cable guy? Wondered around the 3rd floor looking for ice..No where to be found. I went down the the front desk to inquire. The kid behind the desk told me it was down stairs by the vending machines. I walked down stairs found the vending machines, no ice machine. Walked back up stairs only to have the kid argue with me about the ice machines location. Security came up asked what the problem was. I told him I could not find the ice machine. The kid reinteratted that he had informed me of it's location. At which time security informed us both that it had been moved into the laudry room. I felt so stupid. Well of course I should have know the ice machine was in the laundry room. When I left to go to the ice machine. The "KID" behind the desk yelled back at me. Said, I would have to go up-stairs to get my ice bucket. That was enough for me......I told junior I wanted ice and he can best figure out away to get it to me. LOL he said he would have to call his manager.........(seriously, I'm not joking) 10 minutes later a dirty greasy maintainence man brought me ice in a used plastic shopping bag. Sometimes you just can't make this stuff up.  We went to the liitle boutiuque mall. To find something to eat. It appeared that 70% of the units where up for lease. We went into Harry's in the Casino. 2 diners, 2 servers,We waited and eventually were seated by the bar tender. We had a party of four. I had to get up on 3 different occasions to go in the back to find one of the 2 servers. Needlees to say never again........ I could have sworn someone was playing a joke on me!!
1	TERRIBLE!!!   I bought a weekend stay on groupon, when I called about booking a weekend every date I mentioned was "sold out", I finally had to settle for a date that I didn't really want in order to not lose the value of the groupon I already paid for.  When we got there to check in there was only one person working the desk, not only did we have to wait 25 minutes to talk to her but she was completely rude. When we finally get to our room, with no thanks to the front desk lady's horrible directions, we find clothes in the closet from whomever stayed there before us, completely gross.  The "village" was a joke, more then half of the shops and restaurants were closed and it was pretty much a ghost town ( sold out resort my ass), the casino had no more then 10 people in it including us.   The bed in the room was supposed to be a king but certainly was not,  and it was by far the most uncomfortable bed I've ever laid on, considering the clothes left in the closet it made me very concerned about the cleanliness of the bed and all other aspects of the room.  When I called the desk to complain about the bed, and to see if there was another room with a different bed we could try,  the front desk person informed me that they get complaints all the time about their beds and there was nothing he could do. We checked out early not willing to spend a other night in that hole.   DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME WITH THIS PLACE!   On a side note, the restaurant we ate at, an Italian place across from the bistro, was wonderful, the service was great and the food was delicious.
2	I was severely disappointed in this resort.  My husband and I have stayed at some pretty nice places, and some pretty crappy places, but we usually knew what we were getting into based on what we paid.  This was a complete surprise.First, we were at LLV for the Wine Walk.  So we decided to be responsible, not drink and drive, and stay the night.  I called and asked for a 'Locals' rate, and was given the rate of $169.  After tax and resort fee, it was closer to $200.  Yipes.  Whatever, still cheaper than a DUI.We got to the resort at around 1:30.  Check in is at 3.  There was a gentleman ahead of us who got his room, and was bringing his luggage in from his car out front.  I thought that was a good sign.The front desk associate looked me up, looked at me and said 'your room isn't ready, and check-in isn't until 3.'  I told her 'oh that's fine, I just wanted to check and see if we could drop our stuff.  Perhaps we can get a pool key?' She sighed and said she would give us a key to access the garage and the pool, but we had to return it when we checked in.  Um, ok. I asked her if they were full, and if we could just get another room.  I was told they were 'Sold Out' and there were NO other rooms available.The fam and I went down to go have lunch at Auld Dublin.  We came back to the hotel at 2:55.  I checked with the girl again and she yelled across the lobby to the housekeeper to check and see if the room was ready.  We sat in the lobby for almost 20 minutes.  This was now well after their 3:00 check in time.  I piped up and asked if the housekeeper had called back yet and she said no.  I said 'well it's after 3'.  Finally we were told that they had a room, that they were just putting us in a different room.  Oh.  I thought you had no rooms. Anyway.  We go drop our stuff and head to the pool.The pool is nice, but there's no service out there.  OK.  Please don't call yourself a resort if you aren't at least going to have food and drink service at the pool.  We had to walk to the little village to get drinks or snacks.  Overall, I wasn't impressed considering the price we paid.  I won't ever stay at the Aston MonteLago again.  And that's sad because we've stayed at the Aston Ka'anapali in Maui and they were amazing.
1	This place has a lot of potential, but they really need to get their act together.  We did not get what we were expecting. First, much of the resort is under construction.  So much in fact, that we thought it was a newer resort.  According to one of the traffic officers we talked to (as we waited to actually be able to get out past the construction) it's not a new property, but the resort is ALWAYS doing work.  We would have loved to know this before booking.  The construction was inconvenient when traveling the grounds, and the pools were closed for work (what's a resort without a pool?).  The majority of the shops on the property were available for lease, so there wasn't really much in the way of shopping or dining on site. One of the biggest disappointments is that we were not given everything that was promised with the room.  Their website states that a "complimentary fishing permit" is included with the room. As of 6/9/2013 the website still says this.  Prior to arriving we called the resort to ask if this permit was a Nevada fishing permit, or exclusive to the resort lake.  We were told it was a Nevada license and could be used to fish at any lake in Nevada.  Wrong!  There was no Nevada fishing permit, nor complimentary fishing permit of any kind.  They said what they offered was actually a card where we could pay (Yes, PAY.  That doesn't sound complimentary) based on what we caught and then return the fish to them.  Really?  Who pays for fish they don't even get to keep?  Aside from that, however, even if we had decided to go for this card option, it wasn't even available to us.  We were told fishing was not currently permitted because they were restocking the lake.  Yet another amenity that was unavailable.  Why does their website say guests receive a complimentary permit when this isn't the case, and why were we given incorrect information when we called?  We felt cheated.  When we went to the front desk to talk about it, they weren't willing to do anything to accommodate and just acted like it wasn't their problem they were advertising services they didn't deliver. When we booked the resort, we purchased a deal that included free breakfast every day, as well as other extras including free appetizers at the Sonrisa grill.  Guests booking with this deal should be aware that the free breakfast is a choice of either pancakes or eggs, each with smaller portions than the typical menu options.  Also, we were told we were not allowed to use both appetizer vouchers.  I find this ridiculous since we paid for them in the package we bought.  It was just one more thing we were promised and not given.  As for the room itself, it was ok.  It had a kitchenette, including a small stove, microwave, dishwasher, and pretty much anything you could need to cook.  This was nice and was probably the best part about the room.  As for the rest, the showers were really strange.  It was like the shower nozzle hadn't been centered quite right, so if you wanted to get properly under the water, you have  to move to the side and be attacked by the shower curtain the whole time.  The decor was standard and the bed was comfortable enough.  It wasn't the worst room I've stayed in, but it certainly wasn't the nicest, either.  Be aware that unless you hit it at the right time, you won't get to park in the secure garage.  It's small and tight with not nearly enough spaces for how large the resort is.  Also, if you need reliable internet while you travel, this isn't the place for you.  The connection was horrible.  When we checked out, nobody bothered to ask how our stay was.  Probably because they knew it was pretty lousy overall.  Bad job, Aston.  We won't be staying here again and we were sorry to give any of our money to a resort that is so apathetic to its customers and so deceptive in its advertising.  On a side note, the bartenders at Harry's were great.  We also had free drink vouchers with our package, but we don't drink alcohol.  They didn't give us a hard time about it and were cheerful and accommodating with substitutions.  They were the only decent service we got during our stay.  I feel bad that they are associated with such a rotten place.
1	Disappointing...disgusting...severely lacking in "resort" feel or amenities. We stayed here because we got a Living Social "deal" for two nights, two breakfasts, two drinks in the casino bar, chocolate strawberries on arrival all for $185 for a one bedroom suite. Just driving down Lake Las Vegas Drive makes you wonder if you made a mistake. Dead grass fairways line the street, and the huge, ornate clubhouse is vacant. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon looking forward to a "staycation" to get away from the hustle of the strip and were greeted with the "resort fees" which have become the newest fad for ripping off vacationers. Those fees totaled another $76 for the two day stay! We entered our room which at first glance seemed like a nice place. That was until we started to settle in and get the pull out sofa ready for our kids. Old food was in the sofa, on the mattress and floor under and inside the bed. We unfolded the pullout to find several dark, curly hairs stuck to the sheets. Ugh! I checked all of the closets and found no other linens, blankets, or pillows for the sofa bed. We opened the curtains to let some light in...MISTAKE! The windows, in and out, looked like they haven't been cleaned since the place opened. Cobwebs filled with dead gnats or black flies were on the windows. A huge cobweb from the sprinkler protruding from the wall was filled with more gnats and extended to the ceiling and window. In the bathroom we found only two pool towels and three bath towels. We had four people. Isn't that why they ask how many people are staying there when we made the reservation? (Probably not...they need to know if more than four are staying, so they can charge more fees!) We called housekeeping and got an answering machine! At 4 in the afternoon! So we called the front desk and requested clean linens and extra towels from the clerk at the desk. He made it sound like I asked for his first born, telling me, "I'm only authorized to give you one pillow and one blanket." He generously gave up an extra pillow when I told him I have TWO kids.When housekeeping arrived at our door, the guy grimaced when I told him about the condition of the sofa bed. He didn't offer to clean up or make the bed, of course. Unbelievable. There was a kitchenette in the room which was handy for keeping stuff cold in the mini fridge. The TVs were old, clunky, 32' boxes. I used my cell phone hotspot feature to avoid paying for the WiFi, so I can't comment on it's performance. There are two pools. The one by our building was large and high in chlorine....I mean, make your skin itch chlorine. The pool needed cleaning, and as mentioned by another writer, there were no services nearby for drinks, etc. We've never been to LLV before, and this place did absolutely nothing to make us want to return. I'm not sure what the resort fees covered, but they should be ashamed to charge anything. Add to this critique the fact that the LLV "village" looks like a ghost town with only a shop or two open for business and a couple of restaurants. What a huge bummer!
2	I came here with two friends for a girls weekend. We chose Aston MonteLago because we got a great deal on Groupon, but it was not worth it.We checked in late and the front desk lady was not the most friendly. Arriving in our room the temperature was at 77 degrees (in JULY, in LAS VEGAS!). Long story short, after two visits from maintenance we were told the AC was broken. The girl we were working with during the problem was very nice, but we still had to fight for some compensation.We later called groupon for a refund. They called the hotel and even they the girl said yes they approved a refund, groupon was being told otherwise and would not issue it. The AC in our room was not working, really, why so much trouble?Aside from the AC, staying at the "resort" you are charged $25 per day for resort fees. There were not enough towels in the room for us (3 in the room, only 2 pool towels) so we asked the front desk but they were all out. No towels at the pool area either, and the pool was not clean. There was a good amount of debris in the pool, and build up along the tile. The man monitoring the pool yelled at everyone in the pool twice while we were there. Honestly, yelled! There is also no alcohol or food allowed in the pool area, and there is no bar or place to buy food while at it.Aside from the AC being out our stay was overall okay, the room we stayed in was nice, but I would not classify this place as a resort--ever. It was just a normal hotel. Also, we did like that it was quiet for the most part and away from all the action of the strip.Definitely will not be returning to the hotel, or recommending it.
3	Parking is confusingSUPER friendly staffNo vending machines for food, it was late and we were starving =/Cute little shops on propertyVery quietMaid came into our room while we were naked.. the sign was not on the door for maid service.
2	So first, lets be clear that we got a two bedroom condo with lake view for like $175 a night.  (Actually this was the Luna di Luissa condo complex, east tower across the lake bridge from the village and the main Aston and Hilton).  And my college age son and his girlfriend got a private bedroom wing of the the condo with private bath and I had my own and in between was an amply sized kitchen, dining and living area and each of the bedrooms had an outdoor balcony with lake view. That's the good part and that they were given a choice of whether they wanted this sort of accommodation and quiet location rather that be downtown and on the Strip.  They chose here.As to all the bad reviews I can see that.  The "village" is almost dead...a few restaurants, one coffee shop and just a few other shops survive.  (Bernhard's Bistro is EXCELLENT and the Irish place is okay and we didn't try the rest we either were down on the Strip or went to the Westin just down the road).  The casino is closed as are all the associated in Aston or casino bars and eateries.  There is a laundry and exercise room and they give you free DVD card to rent from the RedBox like machine.  Half the discs we got were scratched and unwatchable.The unit had a good layout but was not otherwise well appointed.  The kitchen had just the minumum cookware and no basic spices, cooking oil, etc.  I had to fogure out how to turn on the ice maker to get it working.  I woud suspect the walter filter to the fridge hasn't been changed in ages.  Only the main TV worked not the ones in the bedrooms.  To make the DVD player work you had to rewire the Dish network system, thankfully my son is studying electrical engineering.  Only one of the three phones in the unit worked.  My bath only had a shower which was fine except there is no shelf to hold your soap or shampoo.  Housekeeping of the unit was spotty and as I was there several days when it was serviced I know it was never vacuumed and were there 8 nights.  I could go on and on and by the way your lake view is over a dead dead brown dead golf course.  The Westin down the road is pricier but is far the superior and true resort.  Good luck!
2	Sink was stopped up in bathroom, toaster did not work. Could use extra blankets. Breaker in the bathroom when we turned on the fan  popped.   No wifi in the room. Liked the pool and lake view.  The village needs more food places that are reasonable.  The tunnel from the Luna Resort to the Hilton was very dark alot of lights were out.  Dog poop on the floor and some sidewalks. Could not find luggage carts. We did encounter a mainteance man that helped us with the dish tv. Need better TV`s in the room.  Horrible pictures on tv.
5	Great place to get away! The hotel was amazing! It sat right next to the lake. Mexican and Luna bistro were really good places to eat at. Will be back soon!!
2	Didn't rate a 1 star, but definitely not a 'great place" to stay as others have mentioned.  This place is tired and beginning to be run down. I think there were 3 or 4 shops actually left open in the "village"--all the others are empty with lease signs in the windows.  Two restaurants to choose from. Casino is closed. The property has a sense of nicety from a far, but up close, not so well.  The "IKEA" furniture and decos were tattered and peelingAnd it's very far distance from everything.  But If you want seclusion, then this will work.  No convenience stores nearby or amenities  at the ready if you need them. A good 15 minute drive at least--if you need simple stuff that you forgot, or want to grab a quick bite to eat.   If you plan on being there in the next couple of weeks, don't count on a pool or jacuzzi in Luna building.  Were told a "pipe" broke.  But heard some locals talking the pool has been up/down for awhile.   They offered up the pool in Vierra but has a closing time at 5pm and strict rules. The walkway from buildings to village had missing tiles, items falling from cover and very dark.  Obviously this property was high-end at one time, but not anymore.
1	January 18, 2014My siblings and I decided to treat our mother with a trip to Vegas as a birthday gift. We were all very excited to stay at the Aston MonteLago Village Resort. We had originally booked our stay using a Living Social deal for two one-bedroom suites. However, upon arrival we asked the front desk how much it would cost to upgrade to one of their three bedroom casitas. We were told it would be an additional $80 a night, at which point I contacted my siblings in front of the woman who was helping us and explained the additional cost. We all agreed that an additional $80/night was reasonable and decided to upgrade. I was told to sign a document that, among other things, stated that I agreed to pay all fees. However, this document did not state what those fees would be. After a four night stay that in and of itself deserves a one star rating, we proceeded to check out and were told that we owed over $700 for our stay. We asked to speak to a manager to resolve the issue, but were instead surprised when the manager laughed at our face while continually repeating, "I'm sorry you feel that way, but the customer is not always right and I trust my employees." Despite many attempts at reasoning with her and trying to explain what had happened, she treated us with contempt and complete disrespect. When we asked to speak to the General Manager, Nicholas V. Larez, she told us she could not bother him as he was busy and that either way he would reach the same conclusion she had. I am truly appalled that something like this could occur and that the customer is left with absolutely no remedy. In retrospect, I suppose I am to blame for not asking that everything be put in writing. Yet, it is disconcerting that one would have to be so skeptical and weary about the hotel you are entrusting with your stay. The point of traveling to Vegas and staying at the Aston MonteLago Village Resort was to relax, and I am saddened by the fact that we were tricked into paying twice what we had agreed and that we were treated like complete scum by all who we encountered, especially the resort/property manager. I would not recommend this resort to absolutely anyone. In fact, I would strongly urge everyone to avoid this place at all costs. Not only were we treated with complete disrespect and cheated, but the resort itself is sub par. The pools were drained and closed, the restaurants and shops would close at random times despite the hours displayed on their doors, the odor at the resort was insulting, and the room accommodations were just awful.UPDATE January 22After numerous calls to the Aston Montelago Village Resort and their corporate office, I finally got in touch with the property manager, Nicholas Larez. From the get go he had set his mind on the fact that I was wrong and his employees were right. After a few run-arounds, Nicholas Larez finally decided that he would give me a refund for the price difference ($80 vs. $125/night) after saying, and I quote, "To be honest, it doesn't matter to me whether I give you the money back or not, so I'll just refund $45/per night to your card." While I am content that I was returned the money that was wrongfully taken, I am amazed that the property manager, essentially the face of the resort, would treat a repeat guest with such disrespect. Moreover, I was surprised that he would admit with such disregard that he could care less whether I got my money back or not. Surely, the $45 refunded to me did not come out of his pocket, but for the sake of the resort I'd imagine he'd act a little more professional when providing a refund. All in all, I will never go back to this excuse for a resort and  I will never recommend this to anyone. For your own sake, stay far, far away from this place.
1	Worst stay ever...! The place is newer built but the upkeep is awful.  The smoke alarms kept beeping and I had to call the front desk for them to fix them.  Well it turns out the batteries were dead...!!  I couldn't believe that a resort would not keep track of their maintenance issues specially in regards to their customers safety!!!  That was the beginning of our nightmare.  We got to the resort in the evening time the village was just very disgusting with the stench of sewer from what i could tell.  Like other have said the village is a ghost town and the stores that are conducting business are always closed from what I experienced.  They have a lot of empty commercial space available, that should have been a sign for me.....  I complained about what seemed to me was a truck running all night pressure washing something in the village and was told by the front desk "we have no control of what the village does or doesn't do no matter the time of day".  I thought wow this place truly isn't worth of being in business!!!  Please if you want to relax and have a good time do not stay here...!!You have been warned
3	Nice 3 BDRM suite. Dishwasher didn't work. Check in was a hassle as our suite had been given to another family by mistake. Desk comp'd us resort fees & 4 single rooms for the night. Casino is CLOSED.  Village is a ghost town. Luna Rossa was a 4 star rating. Best deal on this side of town was the Joker's Wild casino about 5 mins from the resort
1	Today marks a day in history for me. I have been here in hour and already so many things went wrong. After a long day at work and a 5 hour drive to get here I wasnt expecting such horrible service. During check in Luz, the front desk clerk, had my ID and happen to pull some other reservation for someone completely different and tried to charge me for the room I already paid for, I told her the person she pulled up wasn't me and she argued with me saying the person she pulled up was me. Then after simply looking at my ID that was in front of her face the entire time she realized she actually pulled up the wrong reservation. As if that wasnt a bad enough start there comes more. Luz gives me our room keys and tells us our room is in the west  building and gave us driving directions to get there. When my husband, 2 year-old daughter and myself get there we go into the west building, as she told us and wrote down for us, carrying everything and our sleeping little girl, it turns out it was the wrong building. We call the front desk from our cellphone and Luz then tells us she told us the room was in the east building... wait it gets worse... we finally get to the room and it was a room they had already assigned to another family. As if it couldn't get any worse... we call Luz and she tells us we had our reservation for another day and the room key she gave us was the room we were suppose to have if we came on the correct day... as wrong as she was again she of course argued with us some more. After about 30 min she finally gets us aa room. We walk in and notice there are no pillows in the room what so ever. Its been 35 min and im still waiting for our pillows... dont stay here save you money and time.
1	The word resort for this hotel is very misleading. We checked in at the lobby and were told that the 'Luna' suite where our room was located was in a different location. We needed to drive there since it was on a different street, on the opposite side of the village. I mentioned that it was my boyfriend's birthday at the chance that an upgrade was available. The lady at the front desk said 'we are booked at full capacity. You should have told me.' I seriously doubt that was true since I didn't encounter anyone in the hotel elevator or my floor during my entire stay. The room was decent, not worth the price I paid for my Living Social voucher. The tv in the living room didn't turn on. The chairs on the balcony were dusty. The AC did not cool the room but the temperature was tolerable.  The bridge leading to the village was badly maintained and many of the roof tiles were falling apart. It's a shame because if the bridge was taken care of, it would be a very romantic spot. When I checked out, I was reminded of the resort fee. Very disappointing since pool was under construction, room was dusty, the grounds and surroundings certainly did not look like a resort. Please weigh all these factors before booking this hotel.
1	My boyfriend and I found a travelzoo deal for this place for $55 a night. It looked nice and promised to be a relaxing getaway. Unfortunately, we were very disappointed. The entire place seemed deserted. We stayed in the luna towers and I felt like we may have been the only people in the entire building. The pool was closed, most of the businesses in the "village" were closed or shut down. There were a total of 3 restaurants to choose from. The pool in our building was closed so we had to use the other one further away. The "Shuttle" to the strip consists of a van that can't hold more than 6 people so you better make your reservations DAYS in advance. Looked like this place had great promise, but we will most likely never go back again. We paid over $60 in resort fees and I'm not sure what this even covers as it was hardly a "resort." Super disappointed. NOT TO MENTION -THE CASINO WAS CLOSED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No one mentioned this to us upon booking. :(
2	This resort is attached to the ghost town inspired village at Lake Las Vegas. This review is of our recent 2 night stay over the past weekend.Staff at the front desk were professional and polite. But that is about were the positive experience ends. Our room was clear across the property in the Luna building. After the drive we were looking forward to some time in the hot tub, but the Luna's pool area was closed due to a leak. Leaving a 6-7 minute walk across property to the other pool, which closed at 5, out of the question.The room was nicely appointed with a kitchenette and had dishes which was nice, along with a small outdoor patio. The building is very loud and poorly insulated against sounds. Our door would rattle as if someone was trying to get in every time our neighbor would close theirs. Plumbing would bang and squeal throughout the night, you could hear the elevator 'ding' and people walking down the hall having a conversation sounded like they were inside your room. The wife and I both struggled to get any good sleep on both nights we stayed here. The front desk had relayed that they were at 100% capacity for the weekend when we checked in so I knew a phone call to them would have gone no where.Resort fee of $23/night seemed outrageous but I guess is the going rate these days. They said it covered parking, but then said parking was first come first serve and for the Luna building that meant parking up the street and walking in because parking filled up quick.Bottom line: We will find elsewhere to stay next time we're in the area.
1	Such a disappointment!  A really beautiful resort but such poor customer care and misleading pricing.  We signed up for a "Threebie Freebie" which stated that you pay for two nights and the third one is free.  We chose a room that was $109 a night.  So simple math says that for $218 plus tax and resort fee, we stay for three nights.  Upon early arrival, we waited 5 hours for our room to be ready.  In addition we asked for an upgrade to a larger room that faced the pool.  We were told that that would be an easy switch for only $40 extra per night.  That sounded reasonable so we agreed.  Here comes the bait and switch at check out ... The actual room cost originally was $149 per night, so the $109 was the discount already applied.  Instead of $218, we owed $327 and that was with the one free night.  Say what!??!   Then the upgrade was not applied to the "threebie freebie"  That was an additional $120 not $80 as we assumed.  The lesson learned here is do not assume anything!  Notihing will be explained to you until the bill arrives.  Our mistake was not closely reading our confirmation information that might have alerted us.  Shall I continue.... the place was a ghost town with shops and restaurants deserted.  The one Mexican restaurant open charged $45 for a pitcher of Margaritas!  The hot tub did not work.  The keys to the parking garage did not work and the keys to our room stopped working a night before check out.  Not fun, not relaxing.... other than meeting our friends there and enjoying their company the stay was a bust.
1	Stayed at the Montelago Resort April 12th and 13th for a sports event. Indeed the "Village" is deserted with only a couple of restaurants open. The coffee shop opened early for the event on Sunday, but normally does not open till 7 am. The room was nice enough with a nice kitchenette and accomodations; however, a bedroom lamp had a dead fly on the shade (ugh), the TV was circa 1980's, remote did not work well and one was missing for the bedroom TV. We were not there to watch TV, though, so that was not a big deal. The big deal was that I left a very nice pair of sunglasses on the balcony and called the morning of the day I left (quite before check in time for the next guest) and called twice more after that with a detailed description of the sunglasses and where I left them. I finally heard back from them and they said they found the glasses!! Hooray! I gave them a credit card number and they promised to send them to me. Today, I received them. They are not the sunglasses I reported missing, not the brand I described. In fact, they are a pair of cheap glasses that are about as old as the TV set.So, the staff nicked my glasses and sent me the crappy ones in return, charging me for the honor. We will not return to this so-called resort. There is no reason to stay there.
5	I just read all the reviews and I have to say I can't see what all the fuss is about. We booked this place through a living social deal. Which came out to be like $65 per night. I have to say we looked for rooms on the strip and nothing could've come even close to that deal. It's very quiet, very peaceful. With the deal we booked we should've stayed at the Luna di Lusso but I saw a few pictures and it wasn't what I was looking for so we upgraded to the Viera one bedroom suite. It was very clean, very well kept. The bed was comfy, the view was awesome... Granted this place if a bit far from the strip but we really didn't mind the drive.
1	Oh boy,  what a disappointment! We got a special from travelzoo. Now I know why it was a special! You get what you pay for!This place is privately owned and operated by a management co.  Don't expect to have valet, room service, a working television in the bedroom, & water in the vending machines. Do expect to have hard beds with bed bugs!!If you like mediocre lodging then this place is for you!
1	I called and spoke with reservations upon reserving a suite 3 months before my daughters baby shower.  I informed the lady in reservation that I wanted to host a baby shower for my first granddaughter . She suggested a 3 or 2 room suite.  I went with the 2 room suite and booked it. I paid for an extra night In order to have the room decorated and prepped the food.I checked in June 13th,  the room was a little out dated considering the description and cost the dishwasher leaked, the balcony lights were out, and a few other minor things.  However I was willing to overlook a few minor details since invites we already sent and the planner was meeting me with  decor. The food was prepped and placed in the refrigerator by  8 pm.  When I woke up around 2am the fridge wasn't cold.  I called down to the front desk. Someone was sent up to work on the fridge.  At 5am I was offered another room.  I declined since I had already decorated and set up.  They then allowed me to put my food in another fridge on the other side of the resort. I informed the front desk crew that I would no trust serving any of the raw meat but I could save everything else.  They stated that they understood and wouldn't charge a resort fee but because the managers didn't come in until Monday they would explain What occurred and I should get a call by Monday.  I did not get a call Monday.  I called Tuesday and was transferred to Nicholas Larez.  He started the conversation "What's going on?"  I explained what occurred .  He then ask What do you want me to do about it? I stated you are the manager and work in customer service what are you trained to do when a customer complains? He then stated I'm sure it was a nice event but we gave you $50 so I doubt you will get $1000 dollars.  I asked him why would you think I would want $1000 you never even asked me how much food was  thrown away or what occurred as result of the broken fridge  .  He stated we do events and I know how much food can cost so I just threw that number out there.  I said I am complaining because I paid for your resort and ended up losing because of a defect in the room I don't want anything for free or more than I paid.  I told him you still haven't asked what or how much was thrown away.  He sated that was your choice not to serve the meat and I don't care so, I'm sure you event was nice with all you decoration (with a chuckle)  but we gave you $50. I asked him so should I have served meat that could have been tainted  and the have my guest call your legal department when they got sick.  He stated main enjoy your day, I sure you event was amazing,  I can't help you. He hung up the phone.  He was not only unprofessional he was also very immature.  I never once asked for anything during my interaction with Nicholas it would have been nice if he could have shown a little empathy.  NICHOLAS LAREZ gives the Aston and anyone who deals with the public a bad name.
1	First off there were not 45 people in the suite. However we did book this SUITE for a baby shower and that was told to reservations upon booking the room. The room was spotless and cleaned up on  leaving, as a matter of fact one of your representative was in the room upon my checkout to discuss what happen with the refrigerator.  Nothing was said regarding at $300 cleaning fee so whatever you need to write to make the refrigerator going out and the rude customer service my fault is fine but once again I have proof that the room was spotless because one of your representative was in the room apologizing for the inconvenience and stating that I would get a call from management  on Monday regarding the refrigerator .  If there was a problem with the room or a so called $300 cleaning wouldnt that be discussed then or before I wrote this review and fowarded it to corporate.  So once again not only is Nicholas unprofessional he is also a liar he never asked how many people were in the room.   If  I had never informed him about the baby shower during my complaint he would not have known there was a baby shower .  Your response is the first I'm hearing about a $300 cleaning fee which was never even discussed because the room was clean. The only thing that was discussed is a credit of a 50 dollar resort fee.  It is very disturbing that a hotel that is suppose to represent class makes up charges when there is a complaint.   By the way did Nicolas write the response? I still haven't got a call so it is funny that he makes up a fees to justify his behavior and had I not complained you guys wouldn't know I had a shower and this phantom 300 fee would have never been a factor. My baby shower was Saturday. I spoke to him Tuesday he didn't mention a cleaning fee , there was no fee upon check out,  so how could a cleaning fee magically come up a well after a shower that he didn't even know about until I called days later.
4	My boyfriend & I came for a relaxing weekend & that's exactly what it was. Relaxing!!!!!I was really hesitant about this place after reading all the awful reviews, but I'm pleased to say that was not the case for us at all. We stayed at the Viera. Check in was a breeze, staff was super friendly & helpful. There were no crazy hidden charges like mentioned by others. Our room was great. It was nice, clean & well kept. We had everything we needed in there. Many mentioned the fact that its quite lonely & it is. There's not too many people out & about at the bars & restaurants, but if you're looking for the whole Vegas party experience, then make the 25 min drive to the strip. Its a nice, quiet & relaxing place. The only downfall for us was the Casino is closed. Other than that our experience was a great one & we will definitely be back. I guess my only word of advice is don't stay on the Luna Di Lusso side.
4	I took my son for a stay cation for his upcoming 10th birthday. We stayed in the Luna di Lusso East building, in a 1 bedroom suite. The room was beautiful and the view from our patio was gorgeous! We spent a lot of time at our pool which was wonderful, the water was perfect. We walked over the bridge to the shops and restaurants and watched the sunset. We were told we were welcome to use the pool at Viera but after checking it out decided we liked ours better at Luna di Lusso. It was tough to check out and leave! We will hopefully be back soon!!
3	just a heads up for anyone who happened to browse the resort's website before looking on yelp before booking a stay... BEWARE: the photos on the website are misleading!there is NO CASINO (it closed down)! there is NO marketplace (we had to drive 3 miles to the nearest albertsons to get water and snacks)in fact, i'd say half of the stores in the "village" were closed down (they were probably once open, but poor business forced closure?). and for the sparse restaurants that WERE open, what few workers they had were slow and apathetic. that bustling village in the photos on the website? yeah - not even close. those pictures probably haven't been updated in years. I think the best way I could describe how the resort village is is: one of the more fortunate surviving towns in the aftermath of the zombie apocalypse on the Walking Dead.but to be fair, the loneliness does make for a peaceful getaway. the lake and view is still gorgeous - and they still offer paddleboarding, kayaking, and pedal boating (I probably saw about 3 people out in the water the whole weekend I was there - but they offer the activities nonetheless). the rooms themselves are beautiful, and the workers are decent. overall, if you're looking for a peaceful retreat for elderly relatives or overstressed adults who can't bear the chaos of The Strip and just want to lay by a pool/lake all weekend, this resort is a great choice. but if you're looking for any further form of stimulation/activity... look elsewhere!
2	Stayed here multiple times , usually with family and friends.  We loved staying here until this last time... Went to the pool with my son. I'm a smoker and I did not realized that there is a no smoking sign on the door so I was smoking in the pool and this security named FRANK ... Security guy that was seating by the door .. Yell at me and said that this is a non-smoking area and take that out right now... Open the door and said now.. Take that out now...repeatedly.  I have no problem following rules but this security guy is so RUDE... It's not what you are saying it's how you say it... I am after all a guest . Smoker or not. I told him that he does not have to yell and he can say it nicely and do not have to be rude. ... Employees like him ruin nice hotel/ resort like this... I understand that the security was not employed by the resort but by the owners HOA  ... But still since this guy is a part of the resort , He carry the name of the resort. Again... FRANK ... Enough reason not to come back in a nice resort like this. Will surely tell everyone I know about this.
3	There are 2 towers (Luna di Lusso is the newer/contemporary design one, but across the bridge and thus, across the "town").  It is a shared rental/owner property, so you get a parking pass for the underground lot where the owners park.  The Luna di Lusso rooms are spectacular -- very clean/modern/urban living design.  However, the rest of the property is on its way downhill:  the adjacent casino is permanently closed, the "town" is almost completely empty and feels like a ghost town, and the bridge joining the towers is dirty/smelly.  The lake itself is also dirty/smelly with lots of small bugs -- definitely did not make us want to try out the jetskis or kayaks.  :(  We also stayed at the Westin at Lake Las Vegas on this trip, which was so much better.  Overall, it is about a 15 min drive to the strip and pretty far away.
3	I booked a room here for a place to crash after last weekend's beer festival. During check-in, I discovered that we were getting a room across the bridge in the Luna building. We drove around, parked in the underground lot, and took the convenient elevator to the top floor. Everything great so far.The room surpassed my admittedly meager expectations. Not sure if we got lucky or if they are all like this. It was very spacious and clean. The kitchenette has everything you might need--fridge, dishwasher, microwave, stove. The separate bedroom is large for the single king bed it houses. Same thing for the bathroom--huge and bright with updated amenities. The balcony faced west and had a nice view of the lake. If there is one thing that needs attention, it's the outdated TVs. At least there was one in both the living room and the bedroom.It later dawned on me that this building used to (or possibly still is) a condominium. The mailbox cluster out front was my first clue.My girlfriend and I ended up on the sofa bed. At first contact, it seemed like it would be terribly uncomfortable. But we both woke up the next morning enjoying a great night's sleep. Perhaps that was the alcohol.My one complaint? Why on Earth would you ever, EVER close the bridge? When we were walking from the room to the main village, we found that the bridge was closed until 6:30pm for a wedding. That's just a terrible idea. (1) It's very inconvenient for your guests. I admit that the walk around wasn't that bad in the end. But the idea that you're basically cutting your guests off from the majority of your resort is just silly. (2) The bridge is so unfinished. Why would you want to hold your wedding there? The security guy said it only happens a few times a year. How about never? It's dumb. Stop it.So yes, I'm allowing that to bring my rating down. We definitely had a nice stay, but the bridge thing is just bad business.
5	I like this place we have stayed here before. If u want to get away from Vegas this is a great place to go. Sure there is not a whole lot to do out there but it is so peaceful. A great getaway night or two. The rooms r time shares so u have a kitchen, full size fridge, a microwave and sink. Also the bed and living spare r right there and the patio on the bottom floor is pretty big. Good prices 119.00 right now. The bathroom is nice and big along w/the tub.U can get ur room and then go for a nice walk around the lake. It really is a great place. We have stayed out here several times great prices always and never had a problem.
5	This is a great place! A little getaway. I have been here for a family get together they have  rooms that have casitas... So nice! If I want some alone time ( or not) lol :) ! I'm here fo sho!
