4	Just checked out the new Spring Training facility for the Dbacks and Rockies.  This place should be a lot of fun.  Beautiful ballpark with views of Camelback Mtn from the lawn area.  Traffic might be a little tough on Pima during game days.
4	GREAT venue, plenty of space to roam. Park at the Pavillons & walk ten minutes to the ballpark...saves $5. Go Go D-Backs !! BTW, the Public Address announcer, Bob Williams is OUTSTANDING...clear, concise speaking voice, knowledgeable, a real Pro.
5	Amazing stadium and excellent views of the field, no matter where you are sitting.
5	Spring Training baseball is back.....and this brand new facility is simply a wonder to see. It reminds me of Camelback ranch in Glendale....great Sight lines.....13 baseball fields that surround the main field.....great outdoor vendors.... but very expensive.....they even have dispensers for free sunscreen.....i mean that is fantastic.  These Fields sit on the Talking Stick Indian reservation and it is the first and only one in the entire country that can boast that. It is the new spring training home of the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Colorado Rockies. Now most of you know I am a White Sox, Tigers, and Braves fan....but you also know I couldn't miss the opportunity to visit the inaugural game and add this to least of the 6 other facilities that I will be visiting this year that I didn't get to visit a year ago.The Stadium is right of the 101 South in Scottsdale....just take the Indian Bend exit follow Indian bend around the way....and you will drive right up to this magnificent Field of Dreams. So I hope everyone enjoy  this great month of march that welcomes visitors from all over the country to root for their favorite teams here in the Arizona desert. I hope to see you all at the ballpark...and for those of you in Scottsdale please pay Salt River Fields a visit you won't be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and be Merry at the old ballpark my Friends!!!!!
4	First time at this new Stadium.  I have been looking forward to it since they announced it.  Watching it be built helped with the anticipation and it surely didn't disappoint.It is a great Stadium, lots of room, very Fan Friendly.Concessions were actually cheaper than at other Spring Training Stadiums, I was pleasantly surprised by that.  They also have a great variety of concessions throughout the stadium.Bullpens are right there so fans can watch pitchers warming up.  Players are available before & after games to sign autographs & talk with Fans.Two down sides I experienced was the lack of enthusiasm & consistency from the Stadium announcer.  They need to work on that.  Seemed like he forgot he was there to work the crowd.  Also the traffic into the stadium was not good.  I'm sure it's because it's new and they need to figure out the traffic patterns, but almost every car coming in stopped to ask questions which held up getting in.  The traffic out was easy and flowed very well.Look forward to going back to many games and other events as this great facility..
1	Worst customer service EVER!  We called last Thursday to order 6 tickets for  Sundays game. The call went fine, however when we went into our email to print the tickets on Saturday night, we realized the ticket office had given us tickets for the WRONG DAY! We tried to call the ticket office, but they were closed over the weekend.  So we didn't get to go to the game on Sunday. When we called on Monday to get this resolved, we were told that all we could do was exchange the tickets for a future date. EVEN THOUGH THIS WAS THE ERROR OF THE BALLPARKS EMPLOYEE, THEY WON'T GIVE US A REFUND!!  What's more, they told us we had to exchange the tickets by TODAY!  I have spent my morning at work trying to contact my friends who complete the set of 6 tickets, so that we can get a new date arranged.  This has been an awful experience and really shows that Salt River Fields doesn't care about their locals They are already creating a bad image for the new park.
4	The facility itself is beautiful and well designed.  Views of the mountains are plentiful.  We had a very pleasant afternoon, until we received a lecture from a young  vendor about dehydration. He then offered to sell us twenty ounces of water for $4.00.   When i complained he told me: It's cheaper than a hospital bill.  Are you !#$&@  kidding me? Now I am trying not to rant here, but you and I can purchase a case of water almost anywhere for $3.99! That's retail. Personally I say shame on them!
5	What an Amazing Ballpark!!.....any park that has both a Salty Senoirita and a Cold Stone Creamery is Aces in my book!  Lots of extras...like the free suntan lotion dispensers, plenty of seats in the shade or  on the amazingly soft grass in the outfield seating lawn.......1 Note, Park in the centerfield parking lot as the front lot is not yet paved if you want to keep your car clean......
5	This is absolutely the BEST Spring Training facility I've been to here in AZ.Thoughtfully designed - according to their materials, designed so that 85% of the seats get shade at some point during games, but there are also seats that get full sun 100% of the time, so you have your choice.The lawn is lush and green - designed for families with kids, with tickets 1/2 the price of the actual seat stands, but there weren't many kids the day I was there.  They have dispensers of SPF 30 sunscreen right there for your use! No chairs allowed, just blankets, FYI.Yes, the refreshments weren't cheap - but I don't think they were any more expensive than at any other Spring Training game I've been to. I don't know what the other reviewer was thinking - they expect a bottle of water for $1??? Geesh. I *think* you can bring one bottle of your own water in, but no other food or refreshments. They DO check your bags.The complainers will complain - after all, we ARE in Arizona, where people complain about just about everything. There's a nice choice of food here, mostly by local businesses.They seem to have figured out how to direct traffic into the stadium and where to direct people to park - I live down the street and I was caught in traffic jams the first weekend before they resolved that issue.   Yes, the parking areas are dusty - you will have to keep your windows rolled up.We ARE in the desert, folks!I see they have scheduled events other than Spring Training games here - a concert, a charity benefit...it's nice to see this gorgeous venue won't be wasted the other 11 months of the year!
5	First Talking Stick Resort and now this. I wonder what will happen to life on the East side of Scottsdale Road next! I finally had the chance to check out Salt River Fields at Talking Stick. I'll admit that from the freeway, it looks large and new but didn't look like it had much character. I gladly admit I was wrong! We arrived in the courtesy Zipp's shuttle that runs back and forth during game hours (free of charge!) This made entry convenient and seamless. Based on the thousands of people making the trek from the parking lot, I suggest that you get dropped off, take one of the courtesy shuttles (Zipps, Scottsdale Trolley) or find a cab. The game was sold out, but luckily we had tickets in hand so after getting our bags checked, we stepped inside the little Dbax/Rockies paradise. It is absolutely beautiful inside. It's clean and spacious. There are several seat options inside the stadium. They have GA lawn seats, normal seats in the stands but then they also offer "roof" seats which is an area on the top of the stadium that's shady and incredible spacious. They have food, seats and a ton of standing room. I even saw several "bags" games up there. Salty Senorita makes themselves at home with a special area as well. I think the stadium will serve as an excellent event venue during the off season. The stadium houses a ton of people but at no point did it feel too crowded like some stadiums do. There is plenty of room for everyone to fit in and it actually felt like they could have let in more people. However, when we left we definitely realized just how many people were there. If you did get a ride to the stadium, be sure to plan ahead and leave a couple innings early or find a ride ASAP, because once the game let's out, it's a mad house. On a final note, I really appreciated the complimentary SPF 30 sunscreen stations for people to use and the gourmet food they serve!Bravo to the new stadium!
5	This past weekend I saw the D-Backs play the Rangers in front of a sold-out crowd.  The stadium is magnificent as it feels like a mini modern-day baseball park, somewhere that you might see a Double-A team playing their home games.  There's plenty of shade, seats right next to the action and NO BLEACHERS which is a huge plus. There is no bad seat in this house.There's a rather large jumbotron for a Spring Training stadium and an upper level that unseen in most Minor League sized parks.  Because it's Arizona, there are soap dispensers full of complimentary sunscreen almost everywhere you look, of which I took full advantage.There was only one bad thing about this beautiful work of baseball art, and that's the absence of drinking fountains.  Your water bottle is empty? Tough, buy a new one.  You're done with your pop and just want to fill up your cup with some water?  Nope, gotta buy something.If you're looking for autographs, find Ryan Roberts.  Saturday's hero stayed on the field after the game for a good 15 minutes signing anything people would hand over to him.I would not be surprised to see a Minor League affiliate of the D-Backs or Rockies in this stadium down the road, but for now it will only house spring training.
4	WOW!  This is a beautiful Spring Training stadium!  I was able to attend the Season Opener of the D-backs and Rockies and loved this place. It did take what seemed forever to get a parking and I am sure that they have worked out the kinks.  The lawn seating covers the entire outfield and is the best place to watch a game.  The food was fantastic!  There were so many choices.  I decided to go with some fry bread and I was not disappointed.  My next visit I will have to try out Salty's or Native New Yorker.  I did get to spy on a celebrity...Gonzo was signing some autographs for some lucky fans!  I loved the selections of micro brews that are available at the stadium.  I like that this stadium has sunblock stands available courtesy of CHC.   I can't wait to watch several more games at this stadium during spring training!
5	Awesome field, great parking, good food choices great micro brews, good seats, not too crowded.  Definitly catch some games here.
3	Food at Salt River Fields: Good = Bison Dog, Thai Noodles. The Usual = Hot dogs. Not so good = hamburger.No food may be brought in other than one bottle of water per person.Pretty pricey place, but a beautiful facility for baseball
3	I was really excited to be visiting the new stadium, but as we got off the freeway excitement turned into frustration.  It took us about 45 minutes to park, with police on the street directing you to entrance to use. At one point we were not moving for a good 10 minutes.  The people running the parking lot did not seem like they had any idea of what was going on.  Many of them were standing in the way why you were trying to drive to the parking spot they were directing you too, and there were more than enough people standing in a single lot.  I feel that at this time, a few weeks in to spring training, this should have been able to figure it out by now.The stadium itself was amazing. We ended up sitting at the lawn but it was still a great view.  There was shade everywhere you look, they did a great job with the design of the stadium. Great choices for food, lots of variety.  I had the garlic knots and they were so yummy.After the game we took a walk around the facility.  There is a D-backs side and a Rockies side.  Each with their own walk ways with the history of the teams but I was got to see the D-backs walkway.  I was very impressed with the stadium but the parking situation left much to be desired.
4	The best facility in AZ, hands down!  This feels like a big league park, while still staying small.  Great food choices, great drink options...this place had it all!
5	This is an absolutely fantastic new ballpark.  Does anything else need to be said?  Yes.First, parking when I came was an astonishingly cheap $5.  I parked in the front lot that fed the Main Gate, and it was all dirt and grass.  The attendants seemed a little confused about where to direct cars, but on the converse side, the ones we dealt with were some of the most easygoing lot attendants of any of the Spring Training parks we went to, which made it a lot easier.  I hate parking lot attendants on a power trip.From the outside and walking up, you can tell it's a beautiful facility.  When you walk into the park, you enter onto the main concourse - similar to Chase Field.  The field level is below you.Concourses are huge.  They've been designed wide and very open.  The game I was at was a D'backs-Rockies game but it was sold out, and walking around the facility, you would never have guessed.D'backs Team Store is behind the third base foul pole, Rox behind the first base foul pole.  They were surprisingly small and cramped.  Not that I was planning on buying anything, but still.The food selection was better than average.  They had that signature Spring Training go-to - Wok Fried Soba, as well as Ice Cream, frozen Lemonade, Daiquiri stand, all the ballpark fare like Dogs and Burgers.  The major disappointment was no bratwursts.  If they were there, I could not find them.  Had to settle for a Chicago Dog, and Relish and Tomato salsa does not a Chicago Dog make.  Also, boiled dogs are just kind of nasty.  Sorry Talking Stick.  That's a fail.  However, the Shea Burger I got there was on the better end of good.  Meat was a little well done, but lettuce, tomato, pepperjack cheese, and a slightly toasted bun.  I could go for one of those again.Seating in the grandstands is great.  Good views everywhere and I think that they're a bit wider than usual.  I know I was not as snug as I've been in other parks.  Only real problem is when you sit in the inner grandstand area, you can only see the main scoreboard.  And the game info is kinda small, if you're curious about the score or the count.Still, it's comfortable, it's spacious, the food is above average, and (maybe this is my Bay Area economics showing through) quite inexpensive.  And even with my Giants having that gorgeous ballpark in downtown Scottsdale, Salt River Fields has taken over the top spot in my heart as the best Spring Training ballpark.  It's absolutely fantastic, and even if your team isn't playing, it's still worth coming here just to enjoy a baseball game.
5	Damn! This stadium is straight up legit! The stadium is beautiful and you have so much lawn space to spread out and enjoy the game!They have an insane amount of options for food and drink so you're bound to find something you like. And after you enjoy a couple margs or beers at the game, you can hop on over to Old Town to continue the fun!
4	I have mixed feelings on this one.... and I will surely tell you why.1. Parking was easy an hour before the game. We came off Indian Bend, turned into Pavillion Blvd, paid our $5 and were parked in under 5 minutes. We would much rather not have to pay, but it was painless and we were in what would turn out to be a good spot to get out quick.2. As you walk up, you realize you are right in the heart of all the practice fields and batting cages. There are players practicing only feet away from you. Not like other fields where they are on separate grounds or are locked so you cannot get within a hundred yards to even watch. This must be what they refer to when they say that this park is "the most fan friendly park".3. NO FOOD IN THE PARK. What? We have been to EVERY other ballpark, and you can bring good in. There are some very specific restrictions, including no fast food at some and no open water bottles and that, but NOTHING. Unless you have a kid. Then its ok. Guess I need to borrow someone's kid. I want my carrots and fruit and granola. Those are not an option in the park, unless they are covered in chocolate. No thanks. And I cannot even say that they are for a health issue. Except that I do not want to weigh a thousand pounds. That is a health issue. Come on, lighten up. Homemade sandwich and some fruit should be allowed in. 4. Lots of standing room, great lawn area (well maintained) and overall a pretty park. I will admit that.You really can see from just about everywhere. We did walk the whole park and found that you never felt very far away and had good views. 5. Some creative food choices including those chocolate covered fruit kabobs and some tostada looking fried breads, besides the usual park fare. They also had a full on cold stone, though I am pretty sure you are almost paying double for it. 6. They actually play take me out to the ball game. So many of the other fields have gone over to God Bless America. Come on, the 7th inning stretch is for Take me out to the ballgame. Get it straight, Salt River did. 7. It is like pulling teeth to find a water fountain. If you are seated on the lawn, which is what seems to happen at spring training games these days if you did not pre buy tickets and the games are all sold out, you have to walk about a mile to one of the fountains behind the backstop areas near a bathroom. I always bring my empty water bottle to fill up.Yes, I am cheap and just want to drink my tap with my crystal light packets. Don't force people to buy drinks, they may choose not to and then suffer dehydration. Add a water fountain in the out field near a bathroom.It's not that hard.I am making a revision to my review. I had given it a 3 and then SG and I discussed the park in detail. I decided that this park was worthy of a 4, even more so than many of the other parks. I want to bring my own food and be able to get tap water from the fountain and that makes me upset. But, overall the positives really do outweigh the negatives. You really feel like you are a part of the spring training experience and not so isolated from the players. Moral of the story, if you want to eat healthy and/or do not want to spend $50 for 2 people to have lunch, go eat at Vermont Sandwich Company off Pima and then come here. *** Be prepared, it seems that most of the games have been sold out. Check online before you go and bring a blanket for the outfield just in case. Parking is not so far that you cannot walk back and get your blanket when you find you have to sit on the grass.
5	What a beautiful facility! We were blown away by the features and great intimacy of this stadium. The on-field action is easily seen from anywhere, the concourses are large, the staff helpful and personable, terrific food/beverage offerings, and reasonable parking ($5). It really felt like a major league venue. One drawback, as noted by another poster, were the small and cramped team stores (and of course the prices were sky high). Overall this was an outstanding experience.
5	Beautiful facility!  Both this and the new Glendale Complex are top of the line!  Wow!  All good views, great times had by all!!  Fantastic!!
5	Great ballpark. Just gorgeous with plenty of parking (5 bucks), nice grassy area if you can't get seats (us)...Yum food and drink. Saw my beloved Giants play the Diamondbacks (we won ...YAY! GO GIANTS!!). Lot's of practice fields and state of the art hitting cages. Looks like they poured a ton of money into this place and it's only used a few weeks out of the year.
4	Great new spring training facility!  What a beautiful upgrade from Hi-Corbett!Here's the quick rundown:-Plenty of paid parking (for $5) on the lawns west of the fields-Wide concourses with plenty of tasty ballpark grub, beer stands, and ice cream vendors-Three dry goods stores-Ample seating, plus neat lawn areas in the outfields-Shaded seats on the west side of the field (good to know if you're uber pale like I am)-Free sunscreen stations, no excuse to turn into a lobster here (fantastic idea there...cheers!)Salt River Fields at Talking Stick is awesome.  Who can argue with a brand new spring training facility for the Rockies and D-backs?  I certainly can't.  You can't go wrong with baseball in February and March.  Nor can you go wrong by enjoying a ballgame at SRFTS.
2	New and big yes... but not my favorite spring training park.5 stars for being big and roomy and also lots of grass in the outfield2 stars for being almost like a major league park. Feels like you are attending a MLB regular season game. They lost out on the small spring training feel and intimacy.0 stars for being the only cactus league park I visited this spring not allowing you to bring in food like candy or peanuts or sunflower seeds. You realize why when you see the pricey beer and food vendors inside.
5	Five stars for the stadium. Amazing views of the Mountains, great sight lines to the field from just about everywhere, and an extra large outfield  berm for plenty of roomy lawn seating. And the new home to my two favorite baseball teams less than 5 minutes from my house. I couldn't be more pleased with the Stadium. The Team Shop on the other hand - One Star!!! I have one question for whoever bought the merchandise for the team shop. Can you please get a freakin rockies game cap?! Seriously, you are the ROCKIES TEAM SHOP and you don't have one game ready black baseball hat with the Rockies logo???? And why do you have hundreds of purple jungle pattern john deer mesh Rockies hats? Is there a rush of douchey baseball fans that you were expecting the day I showed up???  SERIOUSLY!! OK my vent is over, I guess I'll have to order my new cap online.
3	Ok I have to say that I was NOT looking forward to this stadium because I am a huge Rockies fan, and to be honest I liked going to Tucson and watching at Hi Corbett. A more intimate spring training venue in my opinion. However I will say that I really enjoyed the design of Salt River. Watching practice and being able to see it upclose is uber cool. We really enjoyed the game from our seats right behind home plate, but I have to admit it was way to much like going to Coors Field. Looks kinda the same, feels the same. Only one real difference, well two, ok three, Coors Field is cheaper at the concession stand, and you CANNOT bring in your effin pistachios! We always have brought Chipotle and pistachios to any game any where, it is like tradition for us. Standing outside the gate eating my food is not what I would call fun. We do this because we are vegan and we can trust Chipotle. What did the have at the park for us, NOTHING! And finally, is that really a team store? Please that is garbage! It has been tradition for me to get a spring training shirt whit the year on it. There was 1 that I liked but it was $53 dollars. Are you serious! Literally we sat directly behind home plate in row one seat one, I could see the stiching in the ball coming to the plate and I only paid $25 for that. It was less in Tucson but those days are over. I do understand why the Rockies and the Diamondbacks moved to Phoenix, but from now on i will wait for the regular season games. Sorry. Late Gordo
3	Visited this stadium last Tuesday when the Giants played the D-Backs.  We had lawn seats and good views...no complaints there.  However, they need to get the flow of the concession stands figured out.  We were in line FOREVER to get our ONE beer (what is this 32oz law?).
5	It's a NEW stadium that listened to everything people want and made it happen.  This stadium is a great place to see a baseball game, and I think it's better than most minor-league baseball parks out there.First, everything from the stadium architecture to the views of the mountains from the seats is gorgeous.  The stadium is surrounded by all the practice fields, and just walking into the complex, you can hear the sounds of the game to prime you.  But, this is not really what you want to know...Let's start with the food & beer selection.  FANTASTIC & super accessible.  There are lots of great options for food including some locally inspired hot dogs and sandwiches from the two host teams - AZ Diamondbacks and the Colorado Rockies.  We had the AZ dogs, which are bison meat topped with green chiles.  They were tasty...  There are some other specialty dogs, but stay away from the pizza.  It is shaped like a bicycle seat, and from looks alone, I was kind of stunned...The beers are so much better than the standard "lites".  Blue Moon, which started at Coors Field in Denver, has a solid & delicious presence at the field.  Also, they have a beer "Summer Shandy" on tap all around the park.  If you have never had it, you are doing yourself a disservice on a hot day.  There are few beers better that quench on a hot day in the sun.  For the record, the shandy is a lighter wheat beer with a lemonade taste.After all the food & beers, we finally made it to the lawn.  These are the best seats in the house.  The lawn must be 2-3x bigger than all the other stadiums.  It's elevated and the view are awesome.My biggest grievances - - It's already becoming a haven for Scottsdale d-bags to party in the lawn.  - You cannot tailgate in the parking lot.  Because the property is on sovereign Indian Land, drinking is illegal, and my friend was told if a police person caught him, he'd be fined $3K!  But you can certainly drink your face off inside.  Weird.- You have to pay to park, and there are no neighborhoods to park for free and walk.All in all, it's a great place to see a game and experience some higher end food and drink.* This spring training, I took on an aggressive goal.  Go to all 10 Spring Training Parks & see all 15 teams in one spring training season, and do it all on the weekends (FRI-SUN).  This review is a part of 10 total reviews.
2	Great new baseball stadium with logistical challenges. I'm not sure how the D'Backs and Rockies agreed to the very strange layout on the Salt River reservation. There's one way in and one way out. Should you decide to see a minor league game, be prepared to walk an additional 30 mines. This is because the staff, who generally charge $5 for parking (You can talk your way out of this) doesn't know which lot is for which field. These guys sent me to the mountain lot for a D 'Backs minor league game which is near 101. The lot was full, so the parking was on the dirt. Now the fun starts: There only was to see the D'Backs field is to walk through the Rockies piece, around the stadium and through about 6-8 D'Backs fields. (A giant U-shape, which no cut through.) This is a horrible design and signage/staff are weak. Hopefully, this is corrected or it'll be a quiet spot next season!
5	Nice new stadium. Parking is a bit retarded but other than that it's SPRING TRAINING!!!! How can you complain??? Fun times, cheap tickets, good vendors. Only thing is the food and beers are priced like a regular season game, which is no big deal. A's versus Diamondbacks, A's won!!!!!
5	I really enjoyed this state of the art baseball stadium. The Rockies and the Diamondback owners were smart to collaborate on a shared facility, awesome job! There's a good mix of sun seats and shade seats. There's free self serve sun tan lotion in the outfield and the variety of food choices was excellent. Try the garlic knots with the marinara sauce or the Italian Sausage. Parking is efficient as there were easy outs onto the 101.I just hope the Cubs use this stadium as a model to their new ballpark in Mesa.
4	I went to 2 Spring Training games at his stadium this year, and had 2 different experiences.  The first game we parked ourselves and passed several incompetent lot attendants just standing there.  As there were no barricades and they made no indication otherwise, we assumed it was ok to pull in.  It was only at this time that they waved their arms and said we had to park at the back of the lot.  This happened 3 times.The second trip we opted for the free shuttle from Zipps, This took the pain out of their incompetence out of the equation.  Once we got in the park we had a great time both trips.  There is ample shade covering a good portion of the seated area for afternoon games.  Beer prices were a little steep, but we were happy to pay $8 for a pitcher or 2 of Blue Moon at Zipps beforehand to take the sting out of the $8 cups at the field.  Of all the stadiums I've visited in Phoenix, this one has been the best (aside from parking annoyances).  It will be a challenge to top this facility.
4	Only went to one game Spring Training (good seats behind home plate in the shade) but I'm a fan. Order your tickets next year early as all the good seats at most games went fast. We did a 1pm game and saw Gonzo waving and chatting with fans as we left. I think this would be a great place to grab a bunch of friends, all buy lawn seats, get there early, and hang out on a blanket on a nice cool afternoon early in Spring Training. I can't imagine what they will use the place for for the rest of the year, but they do have a Balloon Fest booked this weekend and a concert and stuff for the kids. I hope this will really take off and give us East-siders a fun place to come to. Will check out the Zipps Shuttle next time. Eats and drinks are pretty steep in price, so bring plenty of cash/credit. Great music during the game. Thumps up guys! ;)
3	New venue, so how can you lose.  Be prepared to spend a bundle on food and drinks of course.  We had lawn seats with a good view of everything, but the score board.   I would go again, but get regular seats.  They are so cheap even for the good ones!  Be prepared to roast on the lawn on a spring day, bring your sunblock!
4	Watched a Spring Training game here a couple of months ago.  It's a new facility and is amazing!  Here are some things I liked about it:+ Easy parking.+ Great seats.  Not a bad seat in the house!+ Awesome view of the action.  It's surrounded by several practice fields, so you can watch the other players training.  Great for kids.+ Nice, friendly employees.  They were so helpful in showing us around.Overall, it was a fun time at the ballpark.  Can't wait for next year!Return Factor - 97%
4	2012- I was hoping the handicapped issue would have improved this year but alas it is obviously not a priority. It was a fiasco. They wave us from one lot to another eventually we arrive at THE handicapped lot. But there were none left. Please note- it is an hour and a half before the game. Then they say you can park anywhere in that lot but that defeats the purpose. It is too much walking for my dad. So we go to the next lot over and the security gal says it is the players lot. Really? Why do the players need handicapped spaces in their lot? Hmmm??? So my dad slowly makes his way to the entrance of the stadium and there is his chariot- a terrifc Ex- NYC cop with a wheelchair. He was wonderful. Thank you Joseph- you made his night!  Then after the game Joseph came back and got him. He saved the night. Now, will we keep going back- probably not. It's too much of a hassle and no one knows anything. No radio people around outside the venue. (see review from last year just below) Inside the stadium there are a lot of people around to help. Not outside though. 2011-Beautiful stadium. Beautiful location. Great experience. OK food- I loved the noodles place. Yum. We went to about 6 games and really enjoyed the night time games. Beautiful weather at that time of year too. One negative. Handicapped parking where are you?? We took my dad to a game and had the plackard so he wouldn't have to walk as far and we went early on purpose. They kept waving us on and once they made us park we were incredibly far away. My dad schlepped in. Once we got in I asked a person what to do next time. He said we had to have to find a person out in the lot  with a radio. They would get a golf cart, that would take him to the stadium and then they would wheelchair him to the seats. So the next time we went we tried to do what they said but trying to find someone with a radio was a fiasco. On the way out we did get him wheelchaired to the lot, and then golf carted to the car. Please make this an easier more obvious process.
3	Huge Dbacks fan! Love the stadium but there are a few things that are lame. This place will not let you in for free after the 7th inning like many other spring training stadiums. Still love Dbacks though but this irritates me!
5	The Good:1. One of, if not the most aesthetically great looking ballparks in the country with beautiful mountain views. 2.  Excellent food options such as Asian, Mexican, and your typical "ballpark" fare. I highly recommend the Crust Pizza a local pizzeria who have a stand here.3. Tons of parking and shuttle service to and from old town Scottsdale.4. Intimate feel5. Casino nearby for post game entertainment. 6. There are NO bad seats in the house. 7. It is quite literally the Disneyland of baseball with easy access to practice fields and players.8. Free sun tan lotion.9. The facility has 3 party decks. (Pepsi Patio, Coors and Miller decks)10. Local favorite and former D-Back Luis Gonzalez is usually here and hangs out with the fans. 11. Has more intimacy than Chase Field, the D-Backs regular season home.The Bad:1. Lack of vegetarian foods.2. Feels like a regular season stadium with regards to the size of the building and the prices.3. It can be a long walk from the parking lots to the stadium unless you manage to park very close. 4. Unlike other spring training parks outside food is NOT allowed.
5	This whole complex is great!  If the DBacks were to actually play regular season games here, I'd be more inclined to go to because I do not like Chase Field.  Just walking up to the actual stadium you walk right by numerous playing fields, and batting cages and at any given time you can watch the teams practice.  The aesthetics of this place is really clean.  Not a bad seat in the house and it's cheap!  My only complaint and I'm nit picking because I'm a traditionalist when it comes to ball park food.  I don't want to see Mexican and Chinese cuisine.  That's not baseball!!
5	Of the seven Cactus League Spring Training facilities I have been to for a game, this is far and away the best one. It's not surprising it would be the best considering it is the newest and home to our Arizona Diamondbacks! Oh...and the Colorado Rockies. SRF has a great seating area, but I feel all the fun is had on the lawn. Maybe not the best view of the game, but you're not going to a Spring Training game to watch baseball anyway, are you? It's all about hanging with friends, having some beers and people watching. Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge baseball fan, but I'm estimating the average over/under on pitches I watch at a Spring Training game to be around 20.If you're going on a weekend, I recommend getting there a little early if you are with a big group so you have space to put down a blanket. Only a few going? You should be fine finding a spot around game time. Big tip of the review: Go to Zipps on Via de Ventura and Hayden for pregame food and drinks and then take their shuttle over to the stadium.
5	I had the pleasure to go to the home opener of the Rockies/Dbacks last week, and be a part of the stadiums attendance record (12,533!)!I had gone to 3 or 4 parks while I was in town, and to be honest, this was the most impressive.  The multiple parking lots can be confusing, but in the long run, it helped out big time when it was time to leave (more exits to disperse more traffic).  We parked behind centerfield, and were able to get a close spot.As we approached the stadium, I noticed that the stadium had a LEED Gold rating (in layman's terms, energy efficient as all hell)- which I have never seen related to sports (maybe I need to get out more!).  You can tell just by how clean the place is.There is a huge lawn there as well, and even has comp 30SPF sunscreen (another first in a ballpark for me) throughout.  The areas were spacious and lots of seating and dining options.  Hell they even have people who make choco covered berries!!  I could go on and on, but long story short- you need to come check out this field, if you are a sports fan or not, I mean this place is a structure of beauty from all angles!
4	My first spring training game was a good experience, thanks to the friendly folks and nice set up at the Salt River Fields at Talking Stick.Parking was easy and plentiful.  I walked up aisle Q, reading about the Diamondbacks and I gradually approached the third base line.  The friend I was meeting was at the home plate gate - no problem, there's an aisle on the back side of the concessions that makes it easy to get there.  When you build something new where the land is plentiful, you can design it to be easy to get around.I was most impressed by the sunscreen dispensers in the outfield lawn area, which seemed to be doling out Coppertone Sport SPF 30 (which happens to be my favorite because it glides on easy and stays put).We wandered around the whole park to check out the different foods available, but decided on the classic dogs and beers by homeplate.  I got the Arizona Dog - bison with green chiles and onions.  With concessions in hand, we walked down to the 3rd based line to talk to the Diamondback players as they slowly made their way towards the dugout shaking hands, signing balls, taking photos.  Once the game started, we sat in our comfy seats with a great view of the field.  After a few innings, we headed over to the Rockies bullpen.  There are great views from all over this park.  I love that everything is open so that you can really see what's going on both on and off the field.  There's also a good mix of shade and sun.I hope work brings me to the area again next year!
4	The Rockies/D'backs new stadium is a hell of a place to catch a spring training game.  The field is beautiful, with the grass in the outfield being a nice touch.  We sat there one game and in the stands one game.  The people watching is better on the grass, but it's hot and rowdy, as the spring break crowds are over there.  The baseball watching is better from the stands.The staff is super nice and they really seem happy that you're in the stadium.  The feel is much more relaxed than a major league game, and the whole environment feels very inclusive.  There are team stores everywhere which sell hideously overpriced merchandise, and a good variety of restaurants and stands.  The nachos were pretty mediocre, but the italian sausage sandwich and meatball sandwich from the stand in left field was pretty tasty, and the fresh kettle chips in center are good too, if oily.  Prices are standard ballpark prices.The only thing that's really missing that was at Hi Corbett Field is a good place to get autographs from the players.  That's been one of the perks of going to Spring Training, and here you have a small area along the baseline to crowd in with everyone else who wants an autograph.  A couple years back, my girlfriend came home with a whole host of autographs, and this year we didn't snag a single one.  Overall, though, I'm betting this is one of the best, if not THE best, Spring Training fields in AZ.
5	Not that I'm an expert on stadiums but this place is very nice. Watched a Diamondbacks / Rangers game here on 3/6/2012. Nice place, friendly staff.
5	Went to our first spring training game on a nice, warm Sunday afternoon....Giants v diamondbacks. What a great facility. First, so close to our place, we rode our bikes. Convenient bike racks out front and we saved $5 on parking. Not a bad seat in the place, we sat in the front row down from the dugout on the 1st baseline. Great view of the pitchers warming up and the players walking back and forth. Nice new facilities....clean bathrooms, good concessions, plenty of services and a nice, friendly crowd, even if you're a Giants fan!We had good margaritas from Saltys and yummy, warm chocolate chip cookies. We are going to another game next week at night during the week, so we will see how that is. And I'm looking forward to checking out some of their other upcoming events once spring training is done.
4	Great stadium, but I do have 2 complaints. First, they need more bike racks for those of us that live nearby and don't want to deal with the congested parking (although Zipps Sports Grill has a nice solution for that). My second complaint is that they don't have free WIFI. I have AT&T and get TERRIBLE cell phone service at the stadium. You would think that a brand new state-of-the-art stadium that was recognized as the "2011 Ballpark of The Year" would have thought of this. I would love to give them 5 stars if they addressed these concerns. Aside from this, SRF is by far the best stadium to catch a game!
5	When if comes to Spring training stadiums this one really "hits it out of the park", granted this the newest park in the phoenix area but they did it right. I like that teams share parks, it seems like it makes the experience more enjoyable for the fan because of the money they can put back into the stadium. This stadium has the best lawn seating  have experienced, it is on an angle so every spot has a view of the field. The field seats were only $8 which is a steal at any spring training game. The parking was a little interesting with the strip mall being right up against the field. Where you park is a little bit of a walk to the stadium. The food is pretty standard and prices are on par with other baseball stadiums. I suggest the sausage peppers and onions at the hungry hill stand in left-center field. Our seats in the field were nice but I usually like to take a stroll around the ballpark in the later innings. We stopped at the bullpen area for the D-backs and it is amazing how close you can get to the guys warming up, it truly is fan friendly. The players were friendly and tossing balls up to the little kids when they were done warming up. Breaking it down, these are the reasons you should go to this ballpark:1. Experience the newest park in the valley2. Good value for the lawn seats3. Fan and Family friendly.
5	While this is an extremely nice facility, one wonders why they didn't invest more money for the parking lots. Be prepared for a chaotic parking experience but the rest of the place is great. Definitely have to try the pizza!! Seats are roomy and comfortable - not a bad seat in the place. Staff is friendly and the atmosphere is casual
5	Great park....one of the best spring training facilities.The park is even better than some major league parks Ive been too.  One of the coolest things they do there is give you free sunscreen from from a dispenser  How cool is that.  There is a nice grass area for families in the bleacher area.  The food is also much better than most parks..especially the pizza stand.  They also have some cool bar areas where the servers are easy on the eyes.Also go get a Sangria guys..trust me...you won't be disappointed.   All in all this was a great place to visit and has become a must visit ball park when I attend Spring training.  Also they have a shuttle that takes you from the Casino to the ball park for free....Good times
5	It was a cold a blustery day at the ball park when we visited Salt River Fields.  We were there to watch the Angels vs. Rockies game.  The stadium is very close to the freeway, and there is a large shopping center right next door.  Therefore, you can come early to get eats or whatever then just go to the game.  When you walk into the stadium, you are met with that beautiful green and brown panorama that is totally unique to baseball.  The stadium has an intimate feel even though it is one of the newer and larger Cactus League stadiums.  It is very clean, and restrooms are plentiful.My son got some cheese popcorn and cotton candy.  I got a Chicago dog with onions, tomatoes, pickle spears, and peppers.  The food was good at decent ballpark prices.Our seats were right on the third base line, so we had a really nice view.  The crowd was really nice and friendly.  There were quire a few Angels fans in attendance.  Everyone got along fine.Unfortunately, the Angels lost, but I will definitely come back to Salt River Fields.
4	What a beautiful place to see a ball game.  We got to the park early and walked around the practice fields.  Everything is very accessible.  The DBacks are very friendly and a lot of of them were more than willing to sign autographs along the 3rd base line.  The selection of food was good.  The martini place by 3rd base was a nice addition.
4	I was hoping the handicapped issue would have improved this year but alas it is obviously not a priority. It was a fiasco. They wave us to the handicapped lot. But there were none left. Then they say you can park anywhere in that lot but that defeats the purpose. It is too much walking for my dad. So we go to the next lot over and the security gal says it is the players lot. Really? Why do the players need handicapped spaces in their lot? Hmmm??? So my dad slowly makes his way to the entrance of the stadium and there is his chariot- a terrifc Ex- NYC cop with a wheelchair. He was wonderful. Thank you Joseph- you made his night!  Then after the game Joseph came back and got him. He saved the night. Now, will we keep going back- probably not. It's too much of a hassle and no one knows anything. No radio people around outside the venue. (see review from last year just below) Inside the stadium there are a lot of people around to help. Not outside though.
5	I caught a game here last month.Pro's:-All the seats face home plate.... No awkward seats where you face forward but have to look slightly to your left or right... This park is set up nicely.-The seats are appropriately sized.  I'm a big guy and was comfortable sitting in these armed seats-Lots of shade... Depending on where you sit and the time of day... but most of the seats in this park are in the shade so the Arizona sun won't fry you.-Very cleanCon's:-It will be difficult to find something healthy to eat here. Hotdogs, hamburgers, pizza... fried this and that are your only choices.Other than that, this is a very nice park.. It is brand new and is a great place to check out a game.
5	What a park! It could be a big league park. So spacious and clean.Easy parking. I think it was $5 and there are people in golf carts carrying you back and forth. Everyone was really kind. We sat in the lawn and it was huge. You could arrive after the first pitch and still have room. The angled it perfectly, everywhere you could see.Also, I was highly impressed with the presence of Diamondback players signing autographs and interacting with fans. (Giants really need to step up) If you are going to Spring Training make sure to see this field.
5	Really, really love this ballpark. It's big, modern and great looking, with awesome seats, a great lawn area and a jumbo screen that rivals many pro ball parks. This could easily be a AA-AAA baseball stadium.The thing that sets this place apart is the food options. There are a ton of places that you can get a beer, but there are some really unique food options, including a hot dog place that has crazy combinations. I tried a sausage with chorizo, cheese sauce, jalapenos and tortilla strips. It was pretty awesome and very unique. The seats by home plate and the infield are sweet. Great angle, great views. The best part about this park, however, is the guy who sells chocolate chip cookies. Anyone that's ever been to this park should know him. He walks all around the stadium screaming (literally) at the top of his lungs (literally) CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You can hear him from a mile away (probably literally), and always sells out. He seems to be a crowd favorite for good reason. He's a gem.Another cool touch is the banks of dispensers with SPF 30 sunscreen all around the park. They're everywhere, and free, which is great for anyone who forgets to pack the banana boat. I can't wait for next March...Only 11 more months.
5	I went there for Spring Traning 2012 and they had drinking fountains, YAY! Also, I paid $26 to sit a few rows behind the dugout whereas it would have cost me $20 to sit in the grass at Scottsdale Stadium. This is the best place to watch a ballgame in The Valley
4	Visited the stadium for the first time yesterday and overall really enjoyed the facility.  Parking was easy and 5 bucks and the grounds are beautiful with several practice fields surrounding the main stadium.  Ticket takers and ushers were friendly and helpful since we'd never been there before, and my first question was...."Where can I get a margarita?"  I was pointed in the direction of Salty Senorita, and soon I was a happy girl with my drink.I had purchased 2 $21-dollar tickets off the 3rd base line behind the Dbacks dugout.  I don't think this stadium has a bad seat.  And shade is plentiful, which was a little chilly yesterday, but will come in handy soon enough here in AZ.  We were enjoying the view and then were joined in the row behind us by grandpa, dad, and 2-yr-old Kicky and 4-yr-old Screamy.  SOOOOOO.....we decided to mosey on around the park and look for another tasty beverage.Speaking of tasty beverages, I love the fact that they have AZ and CO craft brews represented.  I think I scared a guy when I jumped up and asked him, "Where did you get that Oskar Blues beer?!?!?"  He was happy to tell me.  It was a good experience overall.  If I were to go again, I would just buy the cheapest ticket possible because if you get tired of the grass, there are plenty of other places to sit.  Being a Sunday I wasn't too shocked that it was a bit of a romper room with unattended crumbsnatchers everywhere.  And, we were highly entertained by the two May-December couples sitting at the back of the grass area with the chippies giving their "daddies" pseudo lap dances.  I hope some children got an education that day.  I know we got a good laugh.  Oh yeah baby, you've got to earn that platinum card.  Well, to wrap up, the Dbacks lit it up and it was a more exciting game than expected.  When we left it was a breeze getting out onto Pima, so yeah, if you haven't been, go.
5	I went here for a game over the weekend and had a blast. I love spring training and the new-ish stadium is great. Everyone there is very accommodating and the experience is always a good one. I got to the game a little late to meet up with some friends, but had no problem getting lawn tickets ($8, can't go wrong!) Drinks are about what you expect, and the food is above average. I'll be going to as many games as I can this spring training, that's for sure!
5	Man what a great ball park. Well designed and great food!!! This was my first spring training game ever and dont think I want to go to a normal game again! You are just so close to the players and one of Diamond back players threw me a ball. Awesome experience for family! All the staff and security were nice and had about 20 people tell me to have a great day. Just all around great time.
5	Of all the Spring Training ballparks I have been to in the Cactus League, this is my absolute favourite ballpark. Why? Well first of all because both my favourite teams in the National League play at this park, so I get the best of both worlds between the Colorado Rockies and the Arizona Diamondbacks. The atmosphere and ambience of this ballpark is the best. This park has many amenities to offer the baseball fan, including many different food and beverage offerings, a team shop for souvenirs from both teams, practice fields to watch the team workouts at, etc. There are three different areas to enter the park in and also to park. Parking costs $5 at this ballpark. Spring Training is the best time to meet your favourite players and that is also when they are the most accessible, so take advantage of it.
5	I must agree with my fellow yelpers this place was  FAN - tanstic with the emphasis on fan.  My mom is still a bit slow going after surgery.  After parking in the very accessible handicap parking the attendants took her by wheelchair strait to will call to pick up our tickets, then on to our seats.  My nice and I had lawn seats with Mom in the handicap chairs right behind us.  We left at the bottom of the sixth and they were right on queue when we wanted to leave (they are not allowed to accept tips) we tried, but our kind gentleman refused.  An easy and seamless process for everyone to enjoy.
5	Nothing beats sitting in the lawn on a sunny day, drinking beers, letting the kids run around, and watching some baseball. And being able to do that at a great ballpark, even better!Came here for the Spring Training Dbacks opener. It was awesome. A lot of people but you didn't feel all smooshed. Everyone in our general vicinity in the lawn was pretty cool and didn't get upset when my girls let their own baseballs get away from them a couple times. Baxter even came out and the girls left with their first ever autographs. Awesome!!Bathrooms are clean (BEER SHELVES?!?!). Parking was cheap ($5) and it was easy in and easy out. I missed the turn off Via de Ventura into the lot my first go around. Will call window was a little more confusing than it should have been but that was no problem. If you have the time and are on the hunt for beer, be sure to walk the whole perimeter inside the park. There are a lot of little stands that sell only one or two beers that aren't sold at other stands. Oh, and if you are like me and have two little ones with you that want ice cream...DON'T let them convince you that they each need their own from Coldstone. Mine did, which resulted in two HUGE cups of birthday cake ice cream melting in the sun.Play Ball!!
4	By far the nicest Spring Training stadium we've gone to (out of Scottsdale, Phoenix Municipal, and this one). It's new and clean, with lots of options for food and drink, although the burrito was not good, the pizza was not good, and the hotdog was not good (!). Highlight was we had great seats and were a couple rows back from A's GM Billy Beane. He was gracious enough to let us take pics with him.
5	Great location, you can bike right up too it...lawn is awesome and well layed out.  Bathrooms and concessions are right there.
3	The overall complex is mostly functional and attractive in a major league sort of way, but until the Diamondbacks or tribe or whomever allow food from home or ease up on concession pricing some, the underlying value at these hot, vaguely competitive exhibitions is about a two or a three.  Twelve thousand drones dropping a hundred bucks or more for mostly institutional fare and any two seats with backs may qualify SRF as a Scottsdale marketing coup, but it doesnt improve my experience any.On a sunny day, which is most of the time, primarily drunks and masochists cling to the too steep berm for more than three or four innings. There are no shade trees out there, unlike Scottsdale Stadium, and it's just too hot and uncomfortable for normal, discerning people. The wide, shaded concourse between the bases offers respite and if you prefer to stand, they have a useful steel mesh shelf built behind the last row of seats, which facilitates standing and eating. Otherwise, you need to buy an actual seat, which start online at $21.50 for the least desirable sections and average about $60 online for a pair. Oh, every game is effectively split squad now, because of WBC roster poaching.  Yesterday, for example, we missed half a dozen of our team's regulars playing for their countries elsewhere. For those who buy merchandise, some of the hats in the SRF Team Shop exceed $40. Practice fields are spacious and pretty but the ease and logistics of getting from, say, Colorado's southern side of the facility to the Diamondbacks' areas in the north, is confusing and poor. Traffic is often backed up on the 101 trying to get into games. There's little of interest within walking distance here, unless one's compelled to throw even more money away at the casino on the other side of the freeway. Finally, mountain views arent all they're cracked up to be. I suppose there's nice views up in the semi private party decks, but for most fans the mountains are partially or completely obscured by the clubs' airport terminal-sized office buildings. All customers, however, enjoy an unparalleled view of the high rise Talking Stick casino. As I said, design here is mostly functional.
4	IMO, this  stadium is the best in the Valley.  Love taking in a ballgame here.  My work rents out the covered patio and provides free food.  What more can you ask for?! :-)  Always a fun time taking in Spring Training Games.
5	Simply LOVE this ballpark. Very roomy seats and lots of leg room. First time I've been to the Diamondbacks spring training facility.
3	This is a nice and new ball park that is one of those complexes with a few smaller fields around it. The grass area is large, the scoreboard new, and the grounds well kept. One downfall is the way the sun is for 1:05pm games. From center field, the sun is directly in your face for most of the game.Another downfall is the concessions. We got sausages from the centerfield concessions and the bun literally fell apart upon touch. We ordered mid game too so these weren't the leftover buns. A positive are the free sunscreen stations. They are all over the stadium and was a nice touch.I think the concessions are what ruined it for me, along with the paid parking, although only $5, most other parks don't charge for parking at all. But whatever, it's spring training and baseball is in the air!
4	Went to see the Arizona Diamondback play the La Dodgers on St Patty's day with my coworkers & friends, my boss is a huge baseball fan and during spring training & regular games she gets tickets and offers them to us, all we have to do is wear matching shirts with our work logo, so this time when she asked anyone wanted to go to Salt River Flied at Talking Stick, I said heck yea! Now I am not in any way a fan of baseball, but I do like checking out stadiums, I know, it's a bizarre thing. I like the way Salt River Field is set up, you didn't have to really walk far to find whatever item you wanted to eat. One of the things that really shocked me to see was a Strawberry/Banana Kabob, omg it looked so good, huge strawberries, big pieces of banana stacked on a stick and drizzled with chocolate!  There even was sangria being sold, and you betcha I got me a white one! It was perfectly sweet, fruity and refreshing! Great alternative for us non beer drinkers forsure!Another thing I found that I thought was pretty darn useful was the free sunblock stations throughout the park, and man am I glad I did find them because I had forgotten to put any on. The grass areas have really beautiful green grass like the ball field, the chairs are comfy, Over all I like the setup of this stadium and was glad to check them out!
5	Oh My Gosh!  This place is Plush! Well... for a minor league ball park that is.Of course, this place is also like brand new and is the home of the D-backs spring training center which is the local major league team.It was my first time at Spring Training so I didn't have high expectations for the stadiums but this place sets the bar high for any other ball park (minor league or major league).All seating is real seats... no bench seating.  The rows are pretty decently spaced so that you are not eating your legs if you are tall.  (I'm short so this is rarely a problem but my husband is tall and he was good.)The back of each seat also has a cup holder so that you don't have to put your drink on the ground and risk having it kicked over.The outfield grass seating is nice and has a gentle slope so that you can bring a blanket and hang out.Lots of concession stands everywhere on different levels.They even have sunscreen stations.... So if you forget to apply sunscreen... or you want to re-apply..... just walk up and get some.  At first I thought it was the hand sanitizer stations but then I looked more closely and it was sunscreen.  Every ball park / stadium should have these stations.  Such a great idea and great offering.I told the husband if he feels the need to do this again... that this stadium is the only one I want to go to.
5	I went to Salt River 3 times this year for Spring Training games! Each was a blast since I am a huge baseball fan! I was pleasantly surprised that they had such a variety of food and drinks (Jack Daniels, Sangria, Mike's Hard Lemonade, BEER, need I say more?!) not to mention desserts! The thing that sent this place over the top was the lawn area- particularly by the Salty Senorita stand- it was a party each time. All in all Salt River Fields made this an unforgettable experience for the crowd and honestly made the boys in the baseball pants look a little hotter-as if that was even possible!
5	We're San Francisco Giants fans, so it pains us to admit it, but this is the best Spring Training facility in Arizona. The D-Backs and the Rockies did it right! Don't miss a visit to the bullpen, where you can lean over the rail and watch pitchers warm up.
4	This stadium is awesome and considering the fact this stadium was built without using any tax payer dollars makes it even awesome(er). If it were not for a seating capacity of 11,000 you wouldn't know you weren't at a regular season stadium. If you are heading out to see a spring training game this is one stadium that needs to be on your list.  A) because its new and is currently the most esthetically pleasing spring training stadium in the Phoenix area and B) it didn't cost tax payers a dime to build.  I love sports and grew up loving sports, however, I am a firm believer that the emphasis on sports in America has gone too far when we spend tax dollars to build facilities and subsidize ownership costs for wealthy owners.  Salt River fields was built without tax payer dollars and I really love that about this place.  Consider the city of Mesa has to pick up 80+ million for the new Cubs stadium and you have to wonder why all stadiums can't be built with private financing.  Anyway, not trying to rant about politics here, just really enjoy this baseball field and the fact that it was built privately.
4	I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do love people watching and soaking up rays. So I went to a spring training game at Salt River fields anticipating a nice day of doing exactly that. We had lawn tickets, but who knew it was going to be in the 90's without a cloud in sight? We baked in the sun until I couldn't take my heart pounding in my chest any longer. I made the huge mistake of covering up so I would not burn...jeans, socks and shoes...ugh. I excused myself to get a cold drink and find shade. I thought the game would never end! Let's just say, I probably won't be back unless it's an overcast day or I have a covered seat, but the facility at Salt River Fields is 4 star.
4	I have been to this stadium a couple times and there are definitely some pros and cons. Pros:More food options than most spring training stadiums (Crust pizza....yes please!)Nice new facilityHigh capacity for fansMore drink options - read: sangria....Cons: Have to pay for parking....now I guess this is standard these days, but I think it's wrong.Very busyLong linesHigh prices (what's new?)The last time I went to a game here was for my Dad's 60th birthday party. My stepmom rented a party area that was upstairs in the stadium. It was pretty cool, the view of the game was great and we had a private bar. The only thing that is not so cool about having a party there is the huge expense of it. You must buy the water/soda/alcohol from the park and with beers costing 8$ each, that is a huge price. Overall, though, this is a nice place to catch a spring training game.
4	Beautiful fields and a brand new facility. This is a great place to catch a spring training game. The food is pretty standard fare with a few curve balls (get it?) that showcase Arizona culture. Looking forward to next spring!
5	Was able to watch a game here at Spring Training this year, and boy was I impressed! I know there are a lot of stadiums around here but this one has got to be one of the fanciest I've seen in any city! Easy parking (it's on a dirt field but we were able to hitch a ride to the entrance on a golf cart), beautiful architecture, even fancy speakers that are disguised as rocks. We got lawn seats, which were perfect for this warm night, and it was great to be surrounded by baseball fans and families. And while more sports-minded people might be looking at the quality of the field or lights or something like that, I was paying the most attention to my favorite part of a baseball game: THE SNACKS! You could get any kind of food at the concession stands (a favorite seemed to be a local lady who served delicious stir fry noodles), and the guys roam around not just with your typical cotton candy and popcorn, but huge rice crispy treats, and even fruit kabobs (though those didn't seem to be as popular... they should maybe try real meat kabobs instead, probably more baseball-game friendly). The service throughout the whole place was wonderful, and the stadium is absolutely spotless. Those who live in the area should try to take advantage as much as possible of this beautiful facility! I'm jealous not to have it in LA!
5	Wonderful stadium! Situated in a beautiful area of Arizona. The surrounding land is gorgeous! SRF offers more than just games, they have entertaining events & fun baseball camps for kids! Very friendly & efficient staff.
4	Beautiful park, beautiful!We came here for the Larry Fitzgerald celebrity softball game. I know Ive said this about other parks, but there truely is not one bad seat in this house. Theres even a Salty Senorita along the 1st base line, if youre so inclined.The parking here is interesting. Basically, once the lots are full they open up the soccer fields for parking.We didnt visit any concession stands, we opted for the beer stations. Decent (ballpark) beer prices especially considering all we could find were tall boys.This place looks a lot bigger than some other spring training facilities ive been too, maybe because bits more open. We had a great time, this is a great place to watch a game.Come out for some spring training! Bring the sunscreen though cuz like I said, open.
4	I've been here twice. Once for the Larry Fitzgerald celebrity softball game and the other for the recent Tim McGraw concert. The place overall is nice and they always have a lot of security and emergency personnel walking around which I like. In the summer it can get very hot, but if you've lived in the Phoenix area long enough you would know that. I'd definitely come back for future events.
1	I went to the Oktoberfest.  It is expensive,you have to stand in lines for tokens, and not a lot of seating and there are port-a-jons, yuck.  There is no live music.  A bunch of cops out front and the people directing traffic just stand around and do nothing.  Parking is in a dust bowl in a dirt field.  Big disappointing waste of time and money.  I would rather go anywhere than here.
5	Time for a review update.  Salt River Fields is awesome.  Besides Spring Training games, this place is a happening spot for festivals and concerts.  Over the past few years, we've attended a ton of events here and it's always a lot of fun....Food Truck Festival, Octoberfest, Taco Festival, Dierk's Bentley, BBQ Festival, Balloon Fest, Halloween Spooktacular.Here's why it's such a great place for events:+ Parking is easy.  It's also free for most of these events.  In the beginning they were charging for parking, now most are free.+ Events here are so easy to get in/out.  Even when it's packed, it's not a big hassle like other festival locations I've been to around town.+ The food booths and drink selection here is always good....especially for the BBQ and Food Truck Festivals....so many choices!+ The VIP area/ticket offering is awesome and convenient.  They don't oversell their VIP tickets, so it's comfortable and makes the experience more enjoyable.  Plus the free drinks is awesome too.+ Spring Training games are awesome.  All of my prior comments still apply.  It's my favorite stadium to watch spring training games.Return Factor - 100%
4	Hardly anybody shows up to fall League baseball (AFL) which is fine with this fan. The tickets are cheap at 7 bucks, but they still want you to pay $9 for a small beer. No thanks. Last night there was about 125 people in the stands. Only one concession stand is open during fall baseball, but you can literally sit wherever you desire. I sampled seats in all parts of the ballpark. This is is a giant facility and you can barely see home plate from beyond the huge lawn in center field. You can hear the crack of bat and balls pounding the glove in the bullpens. Fall ball is a real chance to get up close and personal and enjoy the experience of the game.
3	We've gone to Salt River Fields now twice.  First time was for the an event about 2 years ago.  Parking was a cluster-frack and you had to pay $5 to park on a dirt lot.  The second time was just this Saturday for the Balloon Spooktacular.  Parking was free but was still a cluster-frack trying to get out of the lot to leave.  They had all traffic leaving from a one lane one entrance/exit point.  Terrible.  The event itself was good.  Had a living social deal so J and I only paid $10 to get in, with C being free.  Though most of the vendors and balloons passing out candy were cheap with their candy.  Got packages of Smarties from 97% of the vendors/balloons.  2% were passing out 99cent store candy or mexican candy.  And from 1% vendors/balloons, we got a mini hershey bar and a mini bag of reeces peanut butter cups.If we do decide to go back for another event, I'm going to find other means for parking.  That or jump the curb to get to the little side road to the north of the fields.
5	Enjoy rhis place
4	I attended the True Music Festival here and it was a great venue.  Lots of space, not too crowded and good amenities.
5	Love it!!I took my son to see the fields and maybe catch practice. While we were too late for practice, the guards were very cool and let us take a look anyway. We had a great time seeing the field and checking out the facilities, and will be back soon to see a game
5	Our favorite Spring Training ball park in the Phoenix area.  Not a bad seat in the house, great food options and world class baseball facilities...  A must if you are visiting Arizona for Spring Training.
4	Great stadium, great food and great atmosphere!  Gotta love spring training in AZ.  This ballpark is awesome!!
4	spring training!
4	Nice ballpark, easily accessible. Lines moved pretty quick for food and drinks.
5	Enjoyed a nice evening with the family at Salt River Fields.  We really like the garlic knots!  A unique item that was a hit for the whole family.  Overall, the food, drinks and game were well worth the price of admission .
5	A perfect spring training ballpark experience.  Lots of seating options, beautiful surroundings and just an awesome ballgame experience.  I was impressed with the multitude of food options.... Mexican tacos and margaritas from Salty Senoritas, BBQ sliders (pork or brisket), Hot Dogs (Chicago Style, Sonoran, Salt River, Brats, Polish, Super Dogs), Hamburgers, Monster Pizza silces, Terriyaki Bowls.  I had a tough time selecting.  They also have tons of drink options including Sangria and several craft beer options including local 4 Peaks Brewing.  Dessert selections include Cold Stone (freshly mixed in the outfield location), Italian Ice, Frozen Lemonade, Root beer floats, Caramel Corn, and the regular candy/churro options.  Seats were traditional balpark seats with cupholders and nice view fo the park.  I liked that they had a live organist behind homeplate where you could visit and watch him play the traditional ballpark organ sounds. I highly recommend visiting this field during Spring Training even if you don't care about the teams that are playing :)
5	Salt River Fields ball park, the home to the D-Backs and Rockies is probably one of the best spring training facilities I have ever seen.  It is a beautiful ball park that has stadium to make you feel like you are at a real ball park, but the spring training atmosphere is definitely there with fans from all over the country in attendance.  Sometimes I go into the visiting ballpark with some hostility or feeling of not being wanted, but the D-backs fans are absolute class acts and have great sportsmanship.  The variety of food and drink options are one of the best as well.  I can not eat hot dog, so it is great to see several options.
4	This Spring Training ballpark offers FREE sunscreen! We sat on the lawn. The food selection is about the same as all the other stadiums: noodles, burgers, chicken, pizza, ice cream, nachos, etc. This one had a slightly different beer selection though. The park seemed pretty happening compared to the other 2 we went to, but maybe that's because this was a Saturday game not a weekday game. Unlike some of the other stadiums, you are able to walk through the batting cages and some of the practice fields. Wider variety of vendors walking around in the crowd, selling things like fruit kebabs, sangria, and hats, not just beer and peanuts. The casino/hotel is VERY close to this stadium and there's also a mall and movie theater right next door.
5	The weather was perfect.  The lawn was fresh and green.  The crowd was cool.The stadium was modern ethereal.  My family and friends all had a good time.What more could we have wanted. Kudos!
5	This was an amazing complex! And being able to sit on the grass made the experience that much more memorable! The pizza is amazing! And the footling hotdogs are even better! Like most sporting events everyone usually leaves early to avoid traffic so that's usually the way to go so your not stuck in hellish traffic! I hope my cities new ball park will be a percentage of how cool this one is
1	It's a nice park, but they don't allow any tailgating.  We show up with 15 people and an RV and were expecting to BBQ but none of that is allowed.  It would have been nice to know before we bought all the tickets.  Never going back again.
5	This was our first year coming to Spring Training in AZ, so we got to go to several games at a few different parks.  Salt River Fields was by far my favorite park I saw a game at.  The D-Backs and Rockies have really taken the time to build a park that has plenty of shade, lots of seating room and wide open breezeways with a variety of concession options.  It actually reminded me of a southwest Coors Field.  Best stuff about the park:* Seating very spacious, lots of leg room (you don't really need to get up to let someone go by)* Tons of food choices (from BBQ to NYC Style Pizza to your standard ballpark hot dog)* Lots of craft beers to choose from! * Nice big scoreboard that is easy to read. * Lots of shade for most of the seats (avoid right field and of course the lawn - which both get full sun)* They have a free sunscreen dispensers!* The ushers were some of the best I have ever experienced.  They were friendly, offered to throw out trash for you, take pictures and really did stuff without asking - where do you ever find that!?Stuff to know: * It was $5 to park on a dirt lot, but they had tons of spaces and directed traffic well. * The team store is out near center field and had A LOT of D-back stuff (local team) and some Rockies stuff (but pretty limited)It was my favorite field and not just because I am a Rockies fan :)
4	Great field,Caught a D-back and Brewer game. Great place to watch a game. Many selection for food and drinks. If you don't feel like sitting at your seats, many options to watch while standing in the shade. Parking is very accessible, but the only issue I had was, you drive through a shopping center to get there. Traffic backs up in that area, there is another access rd on the north side on Pima Rd. That looks like a better option. We had a great time, glad we had the oppertunity to check out a game here.
5	Every seat is a good seat, including those in the grass.  The beer selection has improved over last year because they now have both Colorado and Arizona local brews.  Now if they could get more of those on tap, it would be even better!  The prices for food are actually quite reasonable for the amount of food you get.  The beers are pricey, but that's normal for a ballpark.  There are two large merch stores that are easily accessed from either side of the field.  This is the only place that I have seen that sells Italian ice, which I have to get every time I am here.  Go DBacks!!
5	This really felt like a small Coors Field to me. It was my favorite of the three parks we went to when we were at Spring Training.Great food choices (BBQ, pretzels, nachos, dogs, etc).Lots of beer choicesSeats were roomy. Tons of leg room, which I need as a tall guy.Most of the seats seemed to be in shade after about 30 minutes into the game.I'm sold. Love it!
5	I really like this venue! It's so fun to buy lawn seats for the spring training games. I always eat before the game because the food is pretty pricey. We also like to park in the Target parking lot to save on the $5 parking! Good times!
5	You can't beat Spring Training games here!  The SRF is just a great venue, the layout, the lawn and all the food and beer options. All the staff are so friendly and ready to answer any questions you may have.  I like that if you order tickets on line it's not another 20.00 in fees like some other places.  You can beat 9 bucks for lawn seats, plenty of vendors, so you don't really have to get up to find the basics...beer, snow cones, popcorn etc. They also have sunscreen stations around the field...so all the snowbirds not prepared for our intense heat.....SRF has you covered!The bathrooms are clean and always stocked-huge thing for girls, plenty of options for drinks, lemonade, microbrews on draft, domestic on draft as well as in cans and margarita's at Salty Senorita!   They also serve wine!  Food....the BBQ was hit this year....so glad they changed it from Mexican food to BBQ.  The BBQ crew at that concession are all awesome!  They are very friendly and I love if you tip....they all scream out and clap/cheer A TIPPER - WhooHoo!  The food at this concession which is just north of the main entrance is fabulous.  Beats the same old hot dog.
5	This is my 2nd favorite ballpark for Spring Training (1st is Camelback..go Dodgers!). Everything is brand new here (ballpark built in 2011) and everything here is just great. Parking is easy, tickets are on the cheaper side, not a bad seat in the house, good food, great drinks (lemonade!) and just a great time! The property itself is gorgeous and during Spring Training time with the great weather, you can't beat it! The Diamondbacks and Rockies play here and it just seems like everyone is happy at this ballpark and always in a good mood! Can't wait to go back next year!
5	I really like this sports arena, especially because it's close to lots of free parking. There is also a shuttle that services it.  The food selection is the regular stadium stuff, but they do have some independent vendors who serve different food.  I had a chicken teriyaki on top of a greens salad that was pretty yummy considering I was at a sports stadium.  The seats give a great view of the field.  Don't think you can ask for more in a baseball arena!
5	Great venue for spring training games. Parking is reasonable and it's a very clean stadium.
5	I am not a fan of baseball.  I think it is a terrible game, and a waste of time.  I have been to three baseball games in my life, and it's basically just a bunch of guys standing around wishing they could go home.  It amazes me that people will pay money to sit and watch people standing around when you can do that for free at any government work site.That said, Salt River Fields is awesome, and I had a fantastic time here.  All kinds of food options, drink options, shade, sun, souvenirs - and all in an environment much less crowded than stadiums I have been in before, and much cleaner.  You could drop your food on the ground and then pick it up and eat it.My only word of warning, I ended up parking pretty far out in a rock/dirt field, so don't bring your new Lamborghini.
5	Amazing minor/spring training field. I wish parking was free since there was a lot of space. $7 cold stone for the win.
4	It's a beautiful facility but it's 9:00 p.m. and 107 degrees outside with zero breeze!!!
5	It was so much fun watching the fall all star game alongside a very long time and vocal fan. There was open seating so we enjoyed second row behind the West division while we rooted for the East Division, looking forward to coming back tomorrow games here and enjoying the orange shandy again!  p.s. Thanks for the baseball Tyrone Taylor!
4	Lots of fun wtching the game tonight. First time at the field and it was a great experience. The DBacks lounge was fun and a great view.
