5	Here you will find great service, great food, and a great price.  The Jaco Chicken on Rice is probably one of the best meals I've ever had.  Very laid back, casual, atmosphere with lots of healthy food to chose from.  Check it out!
4	This place has great food.  I love the chicken and black beans, but anything with their jaco sauce is great.  Their food has a little bit of a southwestern feel- they offer bbq, tacos, and have fabulous cornbread.  The only negative I have about this place is that most things come with side items, but the side items vary daily.  This is a great place for takeout.
4	My favorite thing to get at the Roasting Company ...by far ...is their Chicken Pot Pie, they only make it on Wednesdays, and you might want to call in and order yours before noon, because they tend to run out pretty quick.  The chicken pot pie is amazing.  The crust is moist doughy and flaky with a unique spice flavor, and the chicken is tender and delicious.  I have had their wings as well as some regular orders of the chicken and all of those things are decent, but the one thing you must get here is the Chicken Pot Pie.
5	I can't get enough of this place for a quick lunch.  Plus, you can find many healthy options that taste great!  One of those rare places that I can leave satisfied and still feel good about myself for eating somewhat healthy.  Don't worry though, you can find your fair share of unhealthy things too!!
4	Yum, yum, yum!  I wasn't even sure this place was open when I drove by it the first 1000 times but we finally decided to go in and give it a shot while getting the oil changed down the street.  Well worth it!  I had the rotisserie chicken sandwich and it was a MOUND of chicken with thier special jaco sauce on a bun with lettuce and tomato.  Definitely plenty...I couldn't eat it all.  The jaco sauce...which I was told contained soy, pineapple juice, honey, and worchestire sauce....tasted more like watered down soy all by itself.  It was so salty!  For my side, I had cheese grits and they were creamy, delicious, and a little spicy thanks to what I think were some green chiles.  All in all, good stuff, but next time, I will get the sauce on the side.  Oh!  For vegetarians, this is a dream....they have at least 10 veggies on their side menu, plus specials of the day.  Veggie plates all around!
4	It ain't pretty....but it sure is good!!  Bring an appetite, or be prepared to split an entree.  The portions are just too darned big!  Walk it off at Freedom Park when you are done!
4	When I was first invited to eat at The Roasting Company with friends, I hadn't heard of it before, but I was up for it.  When we got there, I thought, "Are you kidding?  It looks like a dive."  Once we entered, though, you could immediately tell that it wasn't a dive.  It just has the poor luck of being in what appears to be an old small strip mall.  It's a good idea to pick up one of the menus as you walk in (and before you step up to the ordering counter) because there's a lot to choose from!  Their speciality is rotisserie chicken with a Mexican or Tex-Mex flair.  My favorite dish is the chicken and black bean combo con queso.  Why?  It's chicken, two sides/veggies, black beans, and cheese.  YUM.  Top that with one of their hot sauces and I've got a double YUM.  Now comes the difficult part:  deciding which two side items from the list of about 15.    Garlic or mashed potatoes?  Spinach?  White bean au gratin?  Baked apples?  AARGH.  I can't decide!  They all sound so good.  I've tried several over different visits and I can tell you that they're ALL good.  That makes it even tougher to decide. The dining room is pretty casual and not overly themed, but i like the high-backed booths for some privacy.
4	Great lunch food, you can be in and out of this place, even if it's busy, in less than 40 minutes. Parking can be a challenge. Don't be deceived by the "hole in the wall" look. It's actually quite nice.The chicken is excellently cooked, but I find the "Jaco" (pronounced jack-o) sauce something you want to skip because it overwhelms the flavor of the dish. You can be very happy with nothing more than a half or quarter chicken and a side. My favorite is the squash casserole. Also try the chicken on rice con queso which is sometimes a little light on the chicken but the rice and queso (cheese sauce) is great!Daily specials, when the guys in the office go together, we try to get here on pot-pie day (four stars) or meatloaf day (five stars!).There's a salsa bar if you want to add some special flavor and when they say "hot" they mean it. Fountain drinks and sweet/unsweet tea available and some bottled beers.
4	The best place in Charlotte for a good, cheap, filling meal (especially to-go). You can't go wrong with the quarter chicken (white meat), two vegetables and the included corn bread. We pick up dinner here about once a week and both my wife and I can get more than enough for about $11 total.
5	When I worked in this area, I used to eat lunch here once every week. They have a good variety of roased chicken dishes and the food comes with some delicious spicy cornbread muffins. The chicken is delicious but don't sleep on the jaco pork which has a hard to describe BBQ-like sauce. I think the pork stands up to it better than chicken could. Then kick it up with some of their hot sauce. The sides are also quite good. I usually stick with the collards but there's plenty to choose from. I usually get my grub on for around $7. Man, talking about it makes me wish I still worked near there.
5	I cannot get enough of this place!  It's got a pretty diverse menu so everyone will be able to find something they like (if they like chicken that is).  I love that it is NO NONSENSE.  You order your food, they call your name, you pick it up.  The end.  The people who take your order have it down to a science - they are fast yet friendly.  The only exception to the rule is the really tall guy with long hair.  He is the rudest person I've ever met, but he seems to be part of the establishment (although I haven't seen him in a while).  The food:I love their corn bread.  It is amazing.  It's sweet and moist and flavorful.  I usually get the chicken and rice con queso.  Then I add the Tico sauce that's on the table.  I don't know what this stuff is, but it's so good.  It's not hot, but it does have a lot of spice and vinegar.  My favorite sides are the squash casserole and the pineapple casserole (but this is only served occasionally).  The daily sides are listed up on a board above the counter.  Also if you go on Wednesday, it's CHICKEN POT PIE day.  They have an excellent chicken pot pie.  It's huge and could feed at least 2 people (if you're willing to share).  Overall: If you love chicken, you'll love this place.  They have a great selection.  They even have wings which I've heard were great.
5	When I lived nearby, I would eat here at least once a week.  You can't go wrong here.  The menu is centered on roasted chicken.   You can get it with Jaco sauce, black beans, whole chicken etc.  They have a large variety of sides that are just as good as the entrees.  It is a very fast-order at the counter type of place.  It is cheap, filling, and very tasty.
3	The food here needs more seasoning.  Sure the chicken and pork are roasted until it shreds with a fork, but that doesn't compensate for the lack of taste. I'm not a fan of their Jaco sauce which is probably why I'm not a fan.  But their sides are also pretty tasteless too. Try it; you might like it...if you're into bland(er) food.
4	I will preface the next few reviews by saying that North Carolina has some of the best food I've ever had. I've been to the state four times over the past six years, and every time I come, I am blown away by the food.Roasting Company is yet another place that serves great food for great prices. The chicken is tender, the sides are delicious, the atmosphere is cool, and the prices are very good. I got the soft tacos, spicy mac 'n cheese, and chili. The tacos are made with the rotisserie chicken, though they didn't use the most tender and juicy meat that I love. However, the lettuce and cheese were very fresh, as was the tortilla, and the sauce selection is pretty good. The spicy mac 'n cheese was a special vegetable of the day (I love any state that calls mac 'n cheese a vegetable) so it might not be available every day, but it was damn good; creamy, tasty mac 'n cheese with a real kick. The chili was fantastic; homemade from an old recipe, just the right amount of everything, and a good helping of shredded cheddar and sour cream on top. All that for about $8. If you're ever in Charlotte, definitely check this place out.
4	Very good, cheap food. Lunch (12pm) was crowwwd-ed, no tables and a line out the door, so we ended up getting stuff to go. They have the take-out system down, with little containers lining the salsa bar so you can grab whatever you'd like to pile onto your tacos or whatever.  Interesting variety of flavor here, ranging from tex mex (medium salsa) to cumin-y mexican (jaco). The unsalted heat of the pico was rad. There were even little packets of malt vinegar. Dude.The collards were the highlight for me. Deeply smoky, bitter and tart, and just salty enough. Wolfed 'em down. Squash casserole was meh, but other sides, and the 3 pound veggie wrap, were all delicious and unique.I whine about this area being an annoying drive from where we live, but there's so much awesomeness here, might be time to park an RV somewhere clandestine and have a weekend pad in this cool little area of "south park". Or just quit whining and deal.
4	Most native Charlotteans know about this hidden little gem of a place... they have wonderful rostissere chicken, flavorful black beans and great cornbread. They also have good chicken and dumplings which may not be on the regular menu but are sometimes the special of the day.  Love this place!
5	I walked away from the Roasting Company, after my first visit, with a big smile and wallet in tacked.  I had a 1/4 roasted chicken (dark meat) with collards, white bean stew and a cornbread muffin for 6.99 with tax.The chicken was tasty, although I could see where their white meat may sometimes be a little dry.  The highlight was the white bean stew which is their veggie of the day on Thursday's.  It may be a while before I work up another appetite but when I do you will be able to find me at the Roasting Company.
4	This is a nice place to go for generous portions.  they serve roasted chicken (as to be expected for someplace named the roasting company!).  You can get tacos, some sandwiches and a dish called jaco pork (with rice).  There are side dishes, wraps and salads as well.  Prices are reasonable ~$8 for a plate and $6.50 or so for a sandwich.  The food is tasty, prepared to order (mostly) and arrives in minutes.I have been for lunch and dinner and enjoyed every meal!
3	Full plate and tasty! The people I went with said it's jamacian...I'm not familiar. It seems a bit of a combo of TexMex with the different salsas. The chicken is flavorful and there are varieties of sauces to add to your entree. Lots of great side dishes to select (e.g., collards, potato salad, beans) Anyway, it was a quick stop for a fast lunch. The atmosphere is open and spacious. It's pretty chilly inside, so wear layers.
4	I just love this place.  I have been eating here since 1995 and only wish that I lived closer so I could get here a couple of times per week.  I used to work a block away and did just that, but now it is probably once every couple of weeks.My usual is 1/4 white, apples, and white beans au gratin, but I love the chicken and rice too.  The Roasting Company shows that good food, at a good value, served quickly will always find a happy market and they do a big business.  Nobody comes here for the parking, or the atmosphere--it is the yummy food.
4	The roasting company is just good... no two ways about it.  It is a mix of Tex Mex, Southern, Jamaican, and everything else.  No real way to classify it.  The chicken tastes kinda like the rotisserie places in Queens, the ones where you buy the entire chicken and take it home.  The chicken is flavorful, the cornbread dressing is a little spicy, the wraps are awesome and the prices are just right.  Great when its cold out an you want to warm up for lunch.  Definitely a hearty meal.  I never care about decor, but if you are into a comfy atmosphere, this place might not be for you.  I could care less, all about food for this big girl.  TIp, the lines are really, really long around lunch time.  If you aren't eating in, call in your order and bypass the line by going to the call ahead counter.  The line goes into the parking lot some days and it can be hard to find a table.
5	I was turned on to the roasting company by a colleague and now I'm addicted.  It's truly as good as it gets.  I always get the quarter chicken and it's better than you'll find almost anywhere.  Apples are wonderful too. Everything is served hot the fresh.There's a reason there's always a line and parking can be hard to find...this place has chicken covered!
2	After the great reviews I expected something... good. Instead I was completely underwhelmed. So-so to gross ingredients, edible but barely. Will not be going back here.
4	There have been some other eateries popping up right down the street on Montord, but this remains a gem. As someone who tries to eat semi-healthy and likes variety with my meal, this is the ideal place. And it's pretty affordable, in the $8-$10 range.The main event here is chicken, with a bit of a latin twist. You can go the traditional Southern route with both how you get your rotisserie and the sides you choose. I like a little flavor kick, so I went with the Chicken and Black Bean combo, served over rice with that tangy jaco sauce. If you want to splurge calorically a bit, you can get the same thing with queso.You can go sandwich style, or go for the platter. The platter is a great value, as it comes with cornbread and your choice of endless sides. You can sub in some tortillas if you want to tilt your meal further to the South.There are many tasty sides, including mac and cheese, greens and many other staples. I went with the garlicky new potatoes and the special stir fry mix of vegetables, which included broccoli and squash. The veggies were fresh, and the potatoes were creamy. It will probably take a long time before you can try out every side here, but I really don't think you can wrong with any combo.I like the fact that you order up front, and they yell out your name when it's ready, and be warned, the food gets ready fast. The only question with seating was the lighting, but then again, I think we kind of picked a bad spot and could have moved to a more open area. The soft drinks are only $1.25, and it's easy access for refills of soda. As someone who loves to experiment with sauces, I really dig the fresh salsa bar. That pico de gallo is spicy and excellent.Overall, this is a great place. It always seems to be packed, so come during the slightly off-peak dining hours so you can order, find yourself a seat and be served quickly. As someone who lives in the 'hood, I look forward to many happy returns.
3	I wanted to like this place but there was just something about the meal I had that just was not right.  Maybe it was my fault to get the dish that had almost every ingredient in it.  I will certainly try them again and hope for the best.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I finally got over to the Roasting Company one day for lunch.  I had heard about it for years and my mom was always getting it for me when I was sick but I had never actually been inside.  She said the way they seasoned their chicken was perfect for getting over the common cold.  Well she was right, it always did the trick.  So I was thrilled when on a rather healthy-feeling day I went in for a delicious meal of fresh veggies and homemade cake!  The chicken, as always, hit the spot.  There was a cool, funky vibe in there thanks to the young and welcoming staff.  And it was nice to just order at the counter and then kick back in the casual environment and catch up with old friends.
4	My coworker introduced me to the Roasting Company and I'm really glad about it. This place is awesome. It's great for a decent lunch or dinner. The food is tasty and the selection of sides is impressive. It's relatively cheap, as you will pay under $10 per meal/person. The workers are friendly and service is fast. Hooray for Roasting Company!!   :)
4	Great chicken, be sure to ask for a side of the BBQ sauce (much better than the sauce on the table).  Sides are excellent - try the collard greens and sweet potatoes.  This is a takeout staple for me during the winnter months.
5	The Roasting Co. is my idea of what perfection is in a restaurant...why???- Consistent, Supremely Delicious Food- Great Prices- Unpretentious, Laid Back Atmosphere- Great Central Location for Most of the Town- Fast, Friendly ServiceWhen I lived in Charlotte, this place was a staple for me.  I've never had a bad...anything here.  The rotisserie chicken goes w/o saying, it's excellent and a natural first choice for the less adventurous.  The Jaco (say, HA-ko) pork anything is the tastiest, most tender pig you'll find this side of Eastern NC 'cue.  You can't go wrong w/the Tacos, Sandwiches, and the Black Bean con Queso Combos (Pork or Chicken).  Cooking meat well is relatively easy to do...to make one crave vegetables...is not.  You can go here just for the vegetable options alone and be more than satisfied.  I've almost consumed the entire spectrum here except the coleslaw and it's all good.  The 'tops' are the Basil Green Beans, Herbed Rice, and Mashed Sweet Potatoes.  The Cinnamon Apples can be savored as a desert in itself!  The Stir Fry veggies would be the only mediocre item on the menu I've had, but even they're still tasty.  Bottom Line...Go...now...
4	Fast, good, cheap chicken...Quarter, half or full size...great flavorSides, sides, sides...mac & cheese, casserole, sweet potato casserole, etc etc.Most items are under $10. Food comes out in less than 5 minutes and you can sit inside or outside. This place is great for lunch or for dinner by yourself or with friends or family. Bowling alley and movie theater are close by making this a great place for a fast, inexpensive meal!
4	How did I let so much time pass between visits to this place?!  The chicken and black bean combo is an absolute favorite.  Add in a couple of tasty sides, and a cornbread muffin, and I am one satisified (and stuffed) puppy!Am I the only one who ponders copping a bottle of their sauce(s)?
2	I honestly don't get what the big deal is with this place... I've eaten here 2 - 3 times with coworkers who rave about it but it seems to me that its just a confused Boston market with lower quality food.
4	Good place! Fast service & friendly folks, IMO. I always get the Jaco Chicken on Rice when i go there. I haven't found a corn muffin in Charlotte that can top theirs!
4	Yum. Yum. Yum. From the delicious, fall-off-the-bone chicken, to the random chicken + something delicious + something else delicious combos, you can't go wrong with anything at The Roasting Company. The sides are all great, especially the spicy mac and cheese on Saturdays and the corn muffins that come with are scrumptious and have corn and green chilies in them. And while the food is always great, the service is always spectacular as well! Everyone who works there must be constantly eating the food because they are ALL so happy! Their to-go option is great too. Call it in and scoot directly to the front of the line to pick it up. And, while this might sound trivial, the food is packaged up well so you don't have any crazy spills on the way home.
3	I wish I liked their food a little more, especially after reading all the awesome reviews of this place.  I got the chicken with rice, queso, and black beans with a side of sweet potato fries and a cornbread muffin.  It just wasn't packed with flavor the way I was expecting it to be.  The chicken part was kind of bland and definitely needed to be spiced up a bit.  Don't order their sweet potato fries if you're expecting them to be drizzled with a sweet or honey glaze.  I actually prefer mine salty but the pepper they add to their fries really threw me off.  The cornbread muffin wasn't too bad but it didn't stand up to my high cornbread standards.I liked that the food came out pretty fast.  I also enjoyed the casual dining area. I was a little confused when we were finished eating because I had no idea what to do with my plate and glass.  This place doesn't have servers that come to the table so I was searching for a trash can to throw my stuff away but didn't see one.  We saw some other people leave before us that just left their used plates on the table so we followed suit.I might come back to try out a different entree.  Hopefully this place has really good food and I just chose the wrong menu items.
3	All in all, this was a borderline 2 star trip for me based solely on my satisfaction with my food. Service was good, i mean the order taker was friendly. Right at the get go, they do have a tip jar. Being my first trip, i gave a small tip feeling like a jackass if i didn't (albeit a small tip). Come to find out, i place my order, then i pick up my own food and fill my own drink, grab my own silverware, and you want a tip for what? Ooooh, i see there is no place to throw away my own trash. i guess that makes me feel better for leaving some tip.   Anywho, walking in on a Monday to see that the special is a buffalo chicken wrap  felt like a good omen to me. Unfortunately, my wrap left me to continue my search for a favorite buffalo chicken wrap in Charlotte. At first, i thought they just forgot to put any buffalo sauce on it.  Perhaps they thought i ordered the bland chicken wrap instead?Then it started to have a little flavor, but not much and by the bottom of the wrap, it was a soggy diaper wrap. i tried to add flavor with various salsa and sauces on the table, but couldn't quite satisfy the taste buds. The squash casserole was pretty good, but i found myself leaving half of it behind not even wanting to finish it. Same with the sweet potato fries, just kind of bleh.My favorite part of the trip was when she put my order slip on the thing and threw it down the line to the cook dudes. i'm easily entertained.
3	Don't  get me wrong - the food here was DELICIOUS - I got the chicken and black bean combo with squash casserole (recommended by my friend Hannah) and lima beans (a special veggie that day).  And the service was fast.  It's just the personalities that I had a problem with.  I hate it when staff at places like to "joke" with you and tell you that they're out of something or can't do it.  See my review for Chicago q on how staff should act.  That's all. Oh, another good thing is that they had fruit punch in their fountain machine... That was fun too.
4	For a quick, delicious, cheap (did I say delicious) chicken lunch or dinner in town, look no further than the Roasting Company. Not much decor to speak of, but when all meals come out in under 5 minutes and cost less than $10, fancy decorations are unnecessary. My two favorite meals are the chicken and black bean con queso and the half white meat chicken breast. Both are cooked to perfection, and I can get at least two meals out of one order. The corn bread muffins are also very good (be sure to order additional because you'll want more than one - it's worth it at only $0.35 each), and if you go on Saturday, you can get the mac 'n cheese, which has a kick and is my favorite side item offered. The squash casserole and the sweet potatoes are also quite good. Ultimately, I recommend the Roasting Company for a quick meal or takeout on those days where you just don't want to cook or need a quick lunch.
3	Not bad food for the price. I can't say I would drive out of my way to eat here but if you are in the area, definitely stop. Portions were great, food is good and very reasonably priced.
3	Roasting Company to me is like a Boston Market substitute (gasp!!!).  It's not that it's not good, but I just like Boston's chicken a little better because it's seasoned a little better.  But since Roasting Co. is close to work, it is a nice alternative when I plain refuse to go to yet another fast food joint.  The food is fast, consistently decent and relatively cheap.  I normally get the quarter dark, but today I decided to get a half dark (which is only $1.53 more) and now I have leftover for another meal... much more economical :)  Seasoned corn was a little disappointing for it's not seasoned much.  Squash casserole was ok, not super cheesy so I feel like I was being semi-healthy.  Overall the veggies were both little too blend for my taste.  It's a solid place for lunch, especially they have a few outdoor tables so we can also get a dose of Vitamin D on a sunny day.
4	Ate here yesterday with a co-worker for the first time in a while, and realized I had never reviewed it!I REALLY like this place. Can't say much that hasn't already been said, the reviews speak for themselves. Great rotisserie chicken. I love the jaco pork, especially the tacos. Cool little salsa bar.....great prices. Yea, i'll be back for sure.
5	A solid 5/5. Phenomenal food in a laid back atmosphere, order at the counter and pick up food when your name is called. The rotisserie chicken is among the best I've ever had and the homemade veggie sides are all great, especially the cinnamon apples and squash casserole. It's hard to go wrong here!
4	Oh Roasting Company, you have been around for as long as I can remember.  Everyone I have ever taken here has always had nothing but good things to say about you.I always get the con queso or jerk sauce over the roasted chicken and rice and the squash casserole is awesome, need I say more!
5	Chicken Pot Pie Wednesdays... How I love thee!!!  I have only been here on Wednesdays and it's the only day that they serve up the Chicken Pot Pie meant for the Gods.  They only make a certain number for the day but if you get there before 12:30pm, then you should be fine.  It really starts getting crowded after 12pm.  The Pot Pie is large and you really concentrate hard if you want to finish it in one sitting.  There is no shame with taking the rest home and saving it for late night grub.  Still good!!  Also, definitely try the green sauce on the table.  Mmmmmm mmmm.Although I haven't tried the other food there (BBQ Homestyle), I've only heard the best things.  So give it all a try.  But honestly, 5 stars for the Pot Pie.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	For what they do, they do it really well.  Great eat n run kind of place.  Parking can be a challenge, but it's not the size of their lot, it's the quantity of people heading there for a midday meal.Their claim to fame is their rotisserie chicken - they serve it in a variety of ways...... in a tortilla with rice and beans, over a salad, smothered in queso, with mayo in a chicken salad, etc.  I haven't had a bad chicken dish yet.  Portions are on the above-avg side.They also have daily specials......CPP on Wednesdays is a solid choice, but my go-to special is the Meatloaf on Fridays.Probably my favorite part of their menu is their side dishes.....squash casserole, mashed sweet potatoes, black beans, garlicky new potatoes, etc.  You can just order the veggie plate and walk out extremely satisfied.Service is fast.....order at the counter, then they call your name to pick it up in a few minutes (sometimes your order is up before you finish paying).  Nothing fancy about the decor, but it works.
4	The Roasting Company has become a go-to lunch spot for me.  Their rotisserie chicken is at the center of the menu: they do sell other proteins, but you need to try the chicken on your first visit.  Pretty much any form of it is a winner, except on top of a green salad.  The chicken itself is fine, of course, but you can find better veggies elsewhere.  If you can't decide and want to start off with something distinctive, get the chicken on rice with jaco sauce.  It's spicy, tangy, and filling.The sides here are really good as well.  If you feel like indulging yourself, try the pasta with smoked cheese.  This isn't your run-of-the-mill mac and orange-stuff.  If you want to be healthier, the black beans are the way to go.  Oh, and to make everything even better, there's a salsa bar.  My only caution is that parking can be ... exciting.  It's cramped.  Check over both shoulders before you back out, folks.
1	Ordered from here for some anniversary food (I recently lost my job, so this was the best I could do).Got teriyaki bbq wings, 1/2 white with smoked cheese and pasta and basil green beans, and 1/2 dark with smoked cheese and pasta and squash casserole. THE WINGS ARE AMAZING; absolutely delicious. I wish that was all I ordered.My 1/2 white was dry and didn't taste remotely like rotisserie chicken (rotisserie should be perfectly moist all the way through). The smoked cheese and pasta was more like pasta salad than macaroni and cheese (I guess that green stuff in it was spinach), and the basil green beans tasted straight from the can (NO FLAVOR, not even salt and pepper).The 1/2 dark was the same (dry) and my girlfriend liked the squash casserole (has corn in it), but DID NOT like the smoked cheese and pasta. The cornbread has chunks of corn in it, and I'm not talking about fresh corn (the kind that tastes candied and gets stuck in your teeth easily).I will only be ordering wings from now on. I might be tempted to get the girlfriend their spicy cheese grits if we ever order on Wednesday.
2	Ventured to the Roasting Company after being guided here by coworkers.Atmosphere - Dive-y, old, been here forever feel, busy, rickety table & chairs, diner-esque.Food - opted for the chicken & black bean combo platter w/ sweet potato mash and corn bread.  The meal is basically pulled chicken on a bed of rice that is drizzled w/ a, black in color, barbeque soy tasting sauce called Jaco sauce.  The flavor was okay but too salty soy for my liking.  The sweet potato mash was dark in color and kind of bland in taste.  The corn bread was just okay.Service - Yep, at ordering you kind of feel obligated/ guilt-ed into tipping when basically you do all the work w/ the exception of clearing the table.  I would rather leave cash for the table cleaners on the table and not tip on the credit card receipt.  That way I know that they would truly get the tip.   Overall - It was just okay...nothing great.  I may give them another try if in the area but I would not go out of my way to stop here.
4	Stopped by for a quick bite and had forgotten how great the good tastes. Hubby had pork and rice, garlicky potato and turnip greens, I had 1/4 chicken, spicy mac n cheese and stir fry veggies.  YUM!  We finished all of it and washed it down with Imperial Beer from Costa Rica which was the first time I had found it in the states.  It's a bit noisy if there are families there, although it did not matter to us once you start eating.
4	I have been searching for a proper chicken pot pie since the weather got colder & saw here on Yelp that the Roasting Co had chicken pot pies on Wednesdays.  Clearly, I had to check it out.  I did get it to go, so I can't say much on the restaurant itself, other than it's surprisingly roomy inside.  Their chicken pot pies don't mess around.  The thing is massive!   It's chock full of veggies & perfectly moist chicken with a thin golden crust.  My only complaint is there's not as much crust as I would like, but it's still a great pot pie.  Can't wait to go back & check out what else they have to offer!Also, they have Uncle Scott's Root Beer from Mooresville.  Best Root Beer I've tasted.
4	Jaco pork taco and white bean gratin are my favorite! Try the tico sauce too!! Yummy!!
2	Yes, I can be a condiment queen, but I like to be able to play off the flavors that already exist in the dish... at the Roasting Company I feel like they're making me do all the work. I get the appeal, I understand why this is a favorite of many friends, but it just isn't for me. (Clearly plenty feel they're doing something right if they're continually busy at standard meal times.) Either my sandwich is so loaded with meat and liquid (calling it sauce would mislead you to thinking it has a taste) it disintegrates faster than I can chew, or I feel like I just ate a plate of bland, watered down... what did I order? Luckily, there is a salsa bar and the tico sauce, but I want my pork to be able to contribute SOMETHING to my lettuce and tomato on tortilla. I will admit, some of the sides are tasty. But with the options in town for rotisserie chicken and even tacos, this does not fall high on my list. Unlimited refills are nice, service is speedy, and the staff at the counter is friendly.
5	They roast chicken....we get to enjoy!  Other than the oddly-placed meatloaf special on Fridays, this place is all about the yard bird; although the meatloaf is pretty killer.  This place has the best chicken pot pie I have ever had....good luck finishing it.....
4	WOW! The wife ordered the chicken and black bean combo con queso and I got the sante fe chili and rice. We also ordered and split 10 hot wings. The chicken and black bean combo con queso is boneless, skinless rotisserie chicken served over our herb rice and topped with queso which I have to say after tasting it my wife threatened to stab me with her fork if I tried to get anymore. The sante fe chili and rice was homemade beef chili served over rice and topped with our queso sauce. Man this stuff was stick to your ribs goodness. The wings were the type we loved which had a crispness to them and the sauce was divine. They have other sauces there to try which are also very yummy. We had a wonderful time there and will most definitely be back.
4	Holy Squash Casserole...heaven! My boyfriend loves this place so we went for lunch here on Saturday and I was very impressed. It is priced right and the food is delicious. I also enjoy any place with cherry coke on tap! I went with the Tarragon chicken salad on a kaiser roll with garlicky potatoes as my side. My boyfriend had the Monterrey wrap with casserole. My potatoes were ok and sandwich good but the casserole is where it's at! I wish they had it on their menu (it's a special) because I could eat that as my meal alone! I'll definitely be back!
4	Great food, good prices. Everything tastes fresh. The pasta with smoked cheese (pasta salad) is amazing. The service is quick and friendly. They have a decent selection of beers on the shelf, including my fiance's favorite, Imperial from Costa Rica. Their home made hot sauce is amazing, you can put it on pretty much anything. Not too hot, not too mild, just full of flavor and it has a chunky-like consistency.
4	So good! Why have I never eaten here before? mashed sweet potatoes and squash casserole, both delicious! chicken with black beans con queso, its like the dish was meant for me! My friend got a chicken sandwich which she loved as well. I will definitely be back.
4	Our family gathered here for dinner last night.  It was quickly served and delicious food.  The chicken was great and the pulled boston pork my husband tried was tasty!
4	Always eat the same thing when I go... two chicken tacos w/black beans. First off, the black beans are AMAZING... good flavor, spicey and vegeterian! I cant get enough of them. The tacos are huge, they put a ton of chicken (almost too much) but they are a little dry... I add the mild and medium salsa and sour cream to mine... I can typically only eat 1 and save the other for later. This was my first time for lunch, typically I get dinner and the place was packed, looooong line. If you are not dining in or have time crunch I suggest ordering ahead.
4	One of my favorite places in Charlotte. There is nothing fancy about it but I get good food every single time. One of my favorite items is the Chicken and Rice con Queso.But, the thing that I will always order no matter what else they are offering is the Squash Casserole as a side. Good grief it's amazing!This is great for lunch during the work week or after church. It is usually pretty quick even during busy parts of the day.I need to try more things on the menu but no one I've talked to has ordered anything there and not declared their need to come back as soon as possible. It is sort of tucked away on Montford so I too often forget about it. But this review helped me decide where I'm going for lunch today!
5	2nd time... Chicken n rice w. Collars greens GREAT, but the the baked cinnamin apples were AMAZING!!
5	Went after church today since it was just my wife and myself eating lunch.  Man, I love this place!  The flavors are great! I love the salsa bar with FRESH pico and salsas.  Sides are equally excellent.  Food is simple, but very good.   We ordered takeout, and had enough for lunch, and then leftovers for dinner!  Can't wait to go back!
4	I've been loving the Roasting Company since I would tag along with my parents and eat there as a kid. Carribean music and vibe, good beer specials, and really delicious chicken. I always go for the 1/4th white meal, but I've had the dark and it's delicious also. The chicken and rice con queso, monterey chicken wrap and chicken and black bean combo are also awesome choices. Go for the tico black beans, garlicky new potatoes, collard greens or cinnamon apples for sides - the stir fry veggies and white bean au gratin are a little bland compared to the rest of the selections. If you happen to come in when the mac and cheese or stewed okra and tomatoes are on special, definitely try those out as well.The cashiers at the counter are always friendly and I've never left this place hungry. Perfect.
4	Great vegetables, even though baked apples is a fruit. I've tried the chicken and the pork dishes and love them all.
3	Roasting Company is pretty good. Good value for the amount of food you get. I usually get the 1/4th chicken and it comes with cornbread and two sides. Cinnamon apples are a must.Guy at the register is a bit eccentric and makes you feel slightly uncomfortable, but he is extremely nice and on point.
4	This was such a nice surprise! We have gone to this restaurnat a few ties now, and it always delivers. The chicken is melt in your mouth good! And the squash caserole out of this world. My daughter always has the jerk pork sandwich...and that does not disappoint either. And the pricing is very reasonable! From what I hear, you can order whole chickens to take home, too; although we haven't done that yet. If you like chicken, you can't go wrong ordering 1/4 or 1/2 with 2 sides. The new potatoes are great, and my daughter likes the cinnamon apples.
5	The value here is outstanding.  They have the tastiest chicken and I'm really baffled by some of the reviewer's who didn't like it.  I lived in Charlotte the past three years and ate here frequently.   The squash casserole and buttered spinach are my favorite sides and the cornbread - YUM!
5	Love this place, great portions and great prices. I've never had anything I didn't like. Staff is always friendly and and always seem to be enjoying their job and seem to actually care whether or not they are putting out a quality product.
3	Based on the friend who took me to lunch here, as well as the full parking lot, I was expecting this place to be the best thing on earth.  Overall I can't complain.  The food was good.  They give you real plates and silverware, but yet it still feels casual and fun.  The prices were fair.  However, I was not blown away.  I got the 1/2 chicken with sweet potato fries,  The chicken had good flavor, but was a little tough and I could see this being replicated at most any casual dining place.  The fries were average and lacked that "something" that makes sweet potato fries different than regular fries.  The best thing on the plate was the cornbread - a real star here.  One thing I really liked was the high backed booths, which made you feel like you were the only people in the restaurant, even when full.  Even with this, though, the acoustics were of such where it was hard to have a conversation, and the music was a bit loud.  I really want to come back and try some of their more "tex mex" type dishes.  My friend works near this place, so I feel this is a reason why hehas grown to appreciate it more.  It is good, but not worth going out of the way for.
5	Tonight I had their special: Southern BBQ Wrap, and as my side I ordered the Squash Casserole ($8.99) Both were outstanding, and the Southern BBQ Wrap may be my new favorite! I don't always walk away remembering food, but I'll remember that wrap! You must try it!
4	Never been disappointed by the food at the roasting company. I would say they use high quality ingredients and it's always super tasty. Prices are reasonable for the quality! We go whenever we're in the SouthPark area.
5	This place is very much worth the drive. I had half white  Rotisserie I have 3 sides with it season corn collard greens and squash casserole. This food was so good it's all organic and they have some interesting sauces at the table try the tico sauce. The tico sauce with the chicken was excellent. And I must say the price is very fair they even offer a for side dishes platter before 5 dollars and 49 cents you can't beat that. I will be coming back here to eat again.
4	Every Time I eat here I get the Exact same Thing and I always think they will not have it anymore or I will not be able to remember what is is called nor how to order!  The Staff here is probably Cousin to Vavid and very helpful!Pork BBQ Wrap, Minus the Rice, Minus the Cole Slaw, Minus the Cheese and Extra Sauce called well I'm not going to mis-spell that on yelp, nor say it, though it is good!Collards on the Side please!
4	Great spot for a quick lunch.The chicken is above average and they have a great variety of sides. I eat here on a regular basis.
5	Not your typical sit-down kind of restaurant.  You stand in line (lines can get LONG at lunch), give your order to the cashier and then pick up your meal when they yell out your name.  The staff shuffles an enormous amount of clientele through the place at lunch (dinner is substantially slower) but is helpful when needed and remembers the regulars.  It's possibly my favorite lunchtime destination EVER.  I am currently a vegetarian but I've been eating here since my carnivore years.  (The chicken and black bean combo was excellent!)  My go-to order is the vegetarian combo, a mixture of rice, black beans, Jaco sauce (can only be explained as a cross between barbecue sauce and soy sauce...but that doesn't really work because, trust me, I've tried to recreate it at home!), cheese and chopped onions.  I always get the smoked gouda pasta salad...although there is no way that could be construed as good for me.  It's Nirvana on a plate!  All of the vegetables are delicious...daily specials disappear quickly!
4	4 Stars for chicken and vegetable sides. However, I just ate there today and instead of the delicious chicken I mistakenly went for the barbecue "pulled pork" sandwich. The quantity was great; no complaints there. But the sauce was truly weird and uninspiring, so much so that I did something I rarely do with leftover barbecue: I brought it home and gave it to my dog! She loved it. 3 Stars or less for barbecue. Next time I return, it will be the roasted chicken for me.
5	Wowie Zowie!!This place is awesome. I've eaten here for lunch and dinner before, and I would do it again. The Jaco Pork and rice is awesome. It might be better than the chicken, but they're both great. If you get the. Chicken and rice with queso, put some Tico sauce on there!The sides that I've had were great. The smoked cheese and pasta (it's a pasta salad) was really tasty, and I usually don't like pasta salad. Cornbread was great too.
4	This is one of those "regular" places for me. I make a 10 mile, one-way, drive to enjoy the Jaco Pork on Rice with squash casserole, and collard greens. The chicken is what they are known for and I enjoy that too. The portions are good, the price is right, the atmosphere is relaxed. You can't go wrong here for a good meal.
4	I am astonished! When in walked up I thought this experience would be boring but quite the opposite.   My taste budswere thrown for a loop! What the heck is in the squash casserole? Delicious! And how about their own "Tico Sauce" made and sold right here on location.  A very interesting blend of spices inspired by Costa Rica.  Very nice!I shall be Back!
4	The speed in which they deliver your food is always amazing!   Oh yeah, the food is good too.
4	I've been going here since I was in high school. The food itself is the best in Charlotte for a proverbial hole in the wall restaurant. Food taste great, it's reasonably priced, and you get it quickly. If you're newcomer I would recommend either the Monterey chicken wrap or the Jaco pork wrap. The best sides are smoked pasta salad, mashed sweet potatoes, or any of the casseroles.Would help to have the dining room tables cleared quicker and the tables need to be cleaner.
4	I ordered wings and veggies to go.  They were fast and ready when I got there.  The wings are very good, big and meaty.  The evil wings (Hotter than regular wings) were great, but I was expecting hotter.   I will go back =)
4	Awesome, great fresh food for the money , fast and busy , you know what your getting staff is always friendly (:
1	How to go from first to worst in six short months.  There once was a time when this place served the best food in the city.  They have a new person working in their kitchen who is single-handedly destroying their business.  I have had to send back every plate of food this creep has prepared.  Today will be the last time I will visit this establishment.  I have made my displeasure known on several occasions - to no avail.  I kept coming back hoping the quality would improve.  I used to look forward to coming to the Roasting Company, now I find myself repulsed - all because of one crappy employee.  If you decide to eat here, I'd advise avoiding anything that is made with rice - unless you enjoy rice swimming in an excessive amount of  yucky, milky, buttery film!  WTF is that junk?  Who trained this idiot?  I'd give ZERO STARS if it was an option.
1	I used to frequent this place several years ago at lunch time and thought I would stop in for take out since I was in the area yesterday!  Well, I seriously have had better chicken from a can.  YUCK! I got the Chicken on rice with Queso, the Queso was like water, the texture of the chicken was just weird.  The Squash casserole was okay, but not great.  I remember I used to love the smoked pasta salad, well it had a strong vinegar flavor that I do not remember.  Most of my 9$ lunch ended up in the trash.
1	After a long day working a festival, I decided to order food through FoodieCall for me and my family.  The menu for the Roasting company looked good, but my mistake was reading the reviews on yelp AFTER I ordered the food.  I ordered the marinated teriyaki chicken sandwich, the southern BBQ wrap, the jaco pork taco, the chicken salad sandwich and the Monterrey chicken wrap.  Not sure what happened for most of the reviews for this company have been good, but it seems as of September 2013, something drastic changed and their food quality went seriously downhill.  The teriyaki chicken sandwich was not seasoned at all and did not have any teriyaki on it, even though I asked for extra on the side plus the was a congealed lump of processed velveta- like  cheese mashed onto the chicken. The squash casserole was a paste with no flavor.  The BBQ pork was watery, runny, and not seasoned.  The BBQ sauce was also watery and runny and it seems they dumped a whole bottle of liquid smoke in the vat of BBQ.  The chicken salad was ok but not seasoned.  The Monterrey chicken was watery also and the beans were under done.  Foodie call was great and tried to help us by contacting the company to have the fix the issue.  We did have them send out different items for the items that majorly sucked (pork and Monterrey chicken), but to be honest, we are not really interested in the food or the replacements at this point.  I was starving at the time I told foodie call of the issue and after waiting an hour for the restaurant to remake the items and get them delivered, we already ate something else and now we have two more sandwiches that we don't really want.  They delivered the remakes and they screwed them up too!  They still didn't put teriyaki on the "marinated teriyaki chicken sandwich"!  Foodie call was able to get a full refund for this order and I thank them for that.  I will be ordering from them again....just not for the roasting company.  I would be very hesitant about eating at this restaurant until they revert back to their old way of cooking ...whatever they did before September 2013.  Or if you must go, maybe stick with the rotisserie chicken dishes and stay away wraps, sandwiches and pork.
2	Hadn't been in years. Now there is a bar. Food is frozen in time - same exact stuff as ten years ago. Mediocre.
4	Squash casserole is the best! Love the chicken too! My new favorite fast food that doesn't taste fast :) try them !
4	Finally made it in here after hearing so much good stuff.I liked that they had a range of local taps.  They even had an OMB seasonal I had missed (Bauern Bock) in my wait for the Dunkel to come back.  I like bars that have many Charlotte taps and this place meets that criteria.I had the chicken tacos.  The chicken was so tender I wanted to eat a plate of it just smothered in Tico sauce.  For those of you who have been to Costa Rica, Lisano sauce is a requisite condiment for all meals and makes beans and rice taste amazing.  Tico sauce is a nice alternative, but I saw a proper bottle of Lisano on the salsa bar as well. They must go through a lot of Fireball at the bar because they stocked it by the handle.  I don't know if I'd suggest mixing Fireball and the hot salsa unless you just hate your mouth.
5	The Roasting Company has been added to my official lunch list.  Walk in, grab a menu, walk up to the counter (or bar), order your food and grab a seat.  Your name will be called a few minutes later and you can go pick up your delicious chicken.  I need to go back so that I can try all of the other delicious foods.
4	Not a typical rotisserie.  I was expecting some else before walking into the Roasting Company, but I was pleasantly surprised in my findings.  Two options for ordering when we went their for lunch.  Either order at the standard chowline formation, or you can place a order at the bar too.    This would be a great place for group outings as people can order and pay separately with ease.I got the chicken wrap and it was delicious.  FYI it was more of burrito than a wrap. Also, you should make sure to try the Costa Rica sauce that is offer by the salsa bar.
3	The rotisserie chicken was really good. I got the stir-fry veggies and squash casserole for sides and they were tasty as well, although I was expecting something more home made feeling with the casserole. The corn bread was okay, I prefer the square to the muffin types. The soda (Cherry Coke) machine tasted like it needed a calibration, too syrupy. I would certainly return.
4	I was staying at the Doubletree next to the South Park Mall with no feeding options other than typical suburban chains....a wasteland as far as I was concerned. I decided to wander through the neighborhoods looking for something a little more local and a little less factoryized.I found it here.The best I can say is The Roasting Company exceeded all my expectations. I like that they specialize in one thing (chicken) and they do it well. My 1/4 dark was moist and flavorful and the two sides were well worth trying.I always try to sample New To Me dishes so I tried the Squash Casserole and Smoked Cheese Salad. I was happy with both. The casserole was helped out by the slight addition of hot sauce (Lisorno?) and the salad was just fine the way it was.For southern-style grub this is a good as I've had and would definitely come back again.Oh, by the way, my entire lunch including drink was under $10. A very good value.
4	This place has been a staple in south Charlotte for somewhere close to 15 years now, and they're still kickin'. Rotisserie style chicken (moist and fresh, and seasoned perfectly) meets a kinda southwestern meets southern comfort food equals deliciousness. They offer a few rice and black bean plates, with or without queso. Also offered are a variety of vegetable side items, with daily specials- my favorite being the squash casserole. The collard greens are great too, as well as the smoked cheese and pasta salad.Regardless of whAt you get, the portions are always generous and I find myself with leftovers for either a snack or dinner. Check out the jaco and tico sauces. They also have a salsa bar inside.
3	I'm giving them three stars based on service, and what my fiends had. I unfortunately got the rotisserie chicken sandwich. In their defense I should've paid better attention to the description..it was shredded chicken with "jaco" sauce (which is BBQ sauce). It was what they said it would be..just sounded way better on the menu. But bad idea for a sandwich. The bottom bun was so soggy & heavy that it literally fell apart when I attempted to pick it up. It was at best an ok sandwich. The collard greens were meh, I've had WAY better. However my friends got a chicken wrap that looked ridiculous, and they said it was. So I'd give the food another chance. The bar service was on time! We went to see one of our favorite local bands play, WICKED POWERS! Luckily for us they had $3 natty green drafts..yes please! The bartenders were quick & knowledgable. They only serve local on draft, not sure about bottled.
4	Loved my experience here! The chicken was delicious. They catered to my indecisiveness and I was able to get half white meat/half dark. With a double order of veggies, I was able to find a paleo-friendly meal at a great price! I went on Thursday and they had good wine specials and an awesome trivia concept called "Not your Boyfriends Trivia." All questions were geared towards females and it was so entertaining! Chicken. Wine. Trivia. I don't think I could ask for anything better!
2	this place is really going down hill fast....been eating there since they opened and not only is the food now lacking but the service is just flat out bad. Called an order to go today and made 3 stops prior in about 30 minutes and still had to wait on my food. A few weeks ago they completely missed one of our dinners on a take-out order as well.  Such a shame
4	Finally came back during peak lunch time instead of 3 pm and figured it out.  I usually headed straight to the bar which is full-service, but for everyone else it is counter service.  All the more reason to sit at the bar!
5	Chicken pot pie and chicken and dumplings are the bomb! The sides are always delicious as well.
4	I've only been here twice, once years ago and then again this past weekend.  We recently moved closer to this area an am sure we will visit often.  At least whenever we need a veggie fix.  Known for their roasted chicken, we both ordered it with different veggies.  The pasta salad was very unique and tasty.  Collards and mac & cheese did not disappoint.They have changed the place a good bit since I was last here, adding a bar.  The bar was beautiful and a place I wouldn't mind hanging out with friends.A lot of people passed us with wings, maybe something we'll try next.  It isn't a huge place but there is a good bit of seating still.  You walk up an order then pickup when they call you.  Makes for a quick lunch or dinner.Enjoy!
4	I often pick up an order to go and it is always ready in a very short amount of time.  I LOVE the rotisserie chicken salad.  It's huge and always a ton of meat piled on top.  The roasting company is consistent and always delicious!
5	Go here now. Squash casserole is CRAZY. The chicken queso dish is fabulous. I've had a hard time finding something I don't love here. Everything tastes so fresh and fast service. Big portions as well.
4	Chicken was actually cooked completely done ( so many places rush the meat :/)  and moist; however lacked umph. Good chicken-not as flavorful as Viva. The sides here are more variety than the usual french fries&mashed potatoes. We love black beans!The squash casserole and smoked cheese pasta salad were yummy.  The spinach in the pasta salad was an unexpected pleasant surprise.  Corn muffins had real bits of corn. The place is like McAlister's where you order and leave your name. Get your food and leave your plates. Nothing fancy and sometimes that is a good thing :) So I can only speak on service of cashier. She was efficient and cordial.  Prices are very affordable and under $11 per entree. Will add to our dining out rotation.
4	I didn't know what to expect from this place since I don't eat meat but this place exceeded my vegetarian taste buds! I ordered the vegetarian combo minus the cheese! It was absolutely delicious instead if the corn bread I got the tortillas! It also comes with two sides I got the stir fry veggies with the collard greens and turned my lunch into a southwest combo! The only thing that through me off at this place is I didn't know if I should sit and order good or order at the register. When you go here order at the register! This is a chilled laid back place to grab a good bite when your on a budget!
4	A co-worker picked this place and boy am I gald she did.  I ordered the evil wings and the roasted vegetables.  My co-worker got the roasted chicken.  All the food was very good.  I also got a side of the Nuclear sauce.  Wow was that good!  I will get the nuclear wings next trip even though the evil sauce was really good too.The best thing about the evil sauce is that its different.
5	What can I say other than this place is a solid, cheap option with late night food in the Montford area.Oh! I know what else: the chicken will blow your face off. I don't know what they do to it and the sauce, but it rocks harder than Axel Rose high on an ounce of cocaine with 5,000 ten-foot-tall speakers and a subwoofer that runs on plutonium. It's basically a mix of teriyaki and barbeque sauce that you can slather on some pulled chicken and put on a sandwich or serve over rice (Central American style).There's also beer galore. A few unique ones are on the list, like the locally-produced and hilariously-dubbed Babymaker IPA. Don't get me wrong: we're not talking World of Beer here. But, the list is still substantial and the prices are good: about $5 per sling of a glass of malty bread.Service by a younger-looking server was attentive and knowledgeable. That matters to me and is a big reason I went with a five star review.Atmosphere is chill, not really comfortable. But, it's a fun place, so who the fuck cares.Bottom line, check it out. It is tops.
4	I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was good but could have used a little punch of some sort. However, I thought their wings were a touch better.On the wings, they were a bit light on the sauce and didn't fully understand what I meant by crispy I guess. I ordered them with Hot Buffalo sauce and got the nuclear on the side since several of us were eating them. The nuclear is fairly hot but on my scale not nuclear. Very meaty wings.
5	I love all the food here. The chicken is juicy, flavorful and tender. Squash casserole is delish though I feel like it has more breading in it than it used to a few years back. Monterey Chicken Wrap is so good. This is where I go when I dont want to feel guilty about not making dinner for the family. Feels like a home cooked meal and you can order a balanced plate :)
5	My first 5-star rating... I left this place saying to myself "This is where I will take people when they want good food." That's got to be the highest honor in the restaurant business, right? Ordering food is quick and easy - walk up to the counter, menus are there but just ask the staff what they like the best. Always will give you something new to try. Always comes out good.I get the Chicken Queso on Rice. Unbelievably good! Shredded chicken over rice covered in queso. The Mac & Cheese is spicy and different - the baked beans also have a kick. The cornbread actually has corn in the bread and sweet tea rounds off the southern experience.If you drive too quickly down Montford you'll miss this gem... So slow down and enjoy!
5	Its a Charlotte staple, a locally owned business, the stop that's outlasted every venue on Montford.  I've been coming to Roasting Co since I was in middle school, in my 30's now I still stop in monthly.  The food is still classic, the establishment has grown.  Full bar with a few TV's for sports, amazing fresh roasted chicken, and some homemade hot sauce.  Go on Wednesday, get the daily special Chicken Pot Pie, it will feed two.  Take home a cup of queso and chips, it will make you fat and happy.  Buy a tee shirt, support the fam.  Any other questions, stop in to get the answers.
5	I enjoyed the food I had the cinnamon apples with the Monterey Jack Chicken Wrap. The staff was very friendly.
5	Great place and great atmosphere now with the new renovations. Incredible beer selection as well and very friendly staff.
5	Have been here three times in two weeks--delicious! Just wish their lunch specials were offered other days as well (even if it's not at a "special" price). Like their buffalo chicken sandwich a lot! Wings are tasty, renovation looks nice, more room to sit.
3	I was not blown away with the food at the Roasting Company when I went like many people were it seems. I ordered the chicken and black beans con queso, and it was good but nothing memorable. The chicken was pretty moist and had decent flavor, and was very good with the Tico sauce- which I'll admit is excellent! The black beans and rice were pretty bland and the queso was average as well. I also got a side of green beans that was okay and macaroni salad which was very good. Overall, I'd recommend the mac salad and the tico sauce on chicken but not much else stood out.
4	Good menu. Veggies, tacos, queso and chips are excellent. Used to love the chicken and queso over rice. The last couple of times the chicken was dry and they were stingy with the queso.
4	Almost wish I didn't work Uptown because this is a great lunch spot. They have a surprisingly large menu including everything from rotisserie chicken plates to taco salads.Order at the register and wait for your name. They have a large dining area and some porch seating. Perfect for groups or individuals. Super quick, inexpensive, and delicious.As for the food, I enjoyed my meal but was underwhelmed with my choice. The chicken and rice con queso was good, but the rice was bland in my opinion. Disclaimer: not a big white rice lover. But the chicken and queso and cornbread were on point. Next time I'll go the rotisserie chicken plate route.Eager to try this place again, just wish it was closer to me.
2	We were in Charlotte for one night after a 10 day vacation, this place was close and had good reviews. We wanted something fast and good before heading to the airport early. The atmosphere is nice, good beer selection and plenty of TV's to watch football.  The food on the other hand was uninspiring and bland. The chicken was dry, the rice had parts that were not completely cooked. The greens were very bland, but salvageable with pepper sauce. The new potatoes and squash casserole were decent.  If I lived here I would only return for beer.
4	This place reminds me of a place back in NY..!!  Their rotisserie chicken is PHENOMENAL! Always fresh, always hot!I came her on a lazy Friday night after work...it was one of those nights where I didn't really want to go out to dinner, but I didn't really want to stay home...when I first walked in it took me a sec to figure out their set up, and how it works, so I just followed the crowd... (Btw, Don't let the exterior look of this place scare you away-it can look a bit "outdated/older")Once inside, You walk up to a counter, place your order/pay and then wait off to side until they call your name. You can place your order to go, or you can look for a an open table.I saw that there was two open seats at the bar so I told the young lady that I would be by the bar. I was waiting to here my name be called...but she brought the food on over to me, which was extremely nice of her since she didn't have to do that. One of the reasons I decided to actually stay and eat there was that all there draft beer is $3.50 on Fridays. You CANT beat that. They have an AWESOME selection of beers...I just had to stay lol...We ordered:Chicken and black bean combo con queso - rice topped with chicken,black beans and queso. It was delicious! The chicken was pulled right off of the bird, it was hot, tender. juicy....really really good.1/2 rotisserie chicken dinner with sidesd. Again, the chicken was just PERFECT!For sides we had white beans au gratin 3/5, squash casserole 5/5, smoked cheese and past salad 5/5, and the collard collard greens 4/5.This place just reminds me of home. If you want a homestyle cooked meal, without making it yourself, this is the PERFECT place to come to. I will definitely be coming back here again. I really enjoyed the food and had really great service.
5	Went to watch the game there and oh my it was amazing! The squash bake is to die for!
5	The roasting company is great, one of my favorite local spots for dining in or take out.
4	In the couple of years since I last visited, the Roasting Company has added a "taproom" area where they have table service AND BEER. I had no idea!The chicken is still absolutely great. Moist and tasty. I'd recommend the chicken and black bean con queso. Or one of the chicken pot pies if they haven't sold out. Add a scoop of salsa (mild, hot or very hot) from their salsa bar.Other than the beer menu (and spirits too), there is a Coke fountain and urns of sweet/unsweet tea.
3	So, I'm feeling nice tonight and will bump my review up by one star. After two visits since my review earlier this year, The Roasting Company is just OK. I have typically ordered the tacos but decided to venture out today and ordered the chicken and rice with jaco sauce, a barbecue type sauce and two sides. The chicken was good, but the rice had absolutely no flavor. I ended up adding salsa from the salsa bar, and even stopped eating it. As for the sides, I ordered the Mac and cheese and corn special. The corn was great! Unfortunately the Mac and cheese was so bland and cold I took it back and got the Baked Beans, which were piping hot and so good, glad I made that switch.And, don't bother with ordering a Bloody Mary here, straight from a bottle, no seasoning and no celery ! So, not sure if I missing something here but I am going to stick with places that have flavor and I think about getting back to.
2	Very bland food, no flavor.  Unimpressed. Quiet atmosphere. Will not be return.
5	Local! We eat here once a week at least. Chicken is the best in Charlotte. Chicken tacos are my favorite. And we always get the chips and queso!
