3	It is located where The American Grill used to be.I have prepared more Vietnamese food at home than I have dined out.That being said , I found it to be tasty.I had the Hue Style Hot & Spicy Soup, although not spicy enough.  A little Rooster Sauce took care of that though...We went in the first few days of them being open.  The service was ok.  Hopefully, it will get better.I think we'll try Lemongrass Cafe next time...
2	Let it be said that there is absolutely nothing horrible about this place.  Everything is just mediocre.  First, the decor was the best thing about it.  It was new, well-painted, pretty paintings and new chairs and tables with granite on top.  There were nice fake plants on the ceilings and walls, and the bathroom was clean, and nice.  The problem is that the tables had this bar under them where my friend kept hitting his knees against.  The tables were set so close together that I could probably have reached over to the other table and stolen a spring roll off of it.Speaking of the spring rolls, they were just not good.  The flour sheets on the spring rolls were chewy, and they did not have that nice crunchy stuff in the center that tastes really good, like the ones at Lemongrass.  The dipping sauce was good, but not exceptional.The pho was the biggest let-down today.  Pho Saigon 8 on Spring Mountain had rich, full broth, that seemed just a little too fatty, and was very good.  This one was rather thin, and its flavor was easily masked by any of the things that you could put in it.  For example, more basil meant that the pho tasted like basil and not pho.  Add bean sprouts, and the pho tasted like water and not much else.  The meat was good, though, and they put a liberal amount of green onion, which I always like.I also tried the lemon soda.  This was a very good soda, although it was much too sweet.  I think it could have benefited from having more lemon flavor and less sugar in it.  They have no sandwiches.  In addition, everything there is smaller, and/or more expensive than Lemongrass, right across the street.  For example, the large pho was the same price for both, but the bowl is smaller was easily finished by myself and my friend.  We've almost never finished a large pho at Lemongrass.  The Vietnamese seafood crepe was both smaller *and* more expensive, by as much as $0.50-$1.00, and while good, made me a little skittish about ordering it again.  The Spring Rolls were the same price, but came with only two instead of three like at Lemongrass.  Much as I want to see more pho places around, I simply cannot recommend this place with Lemongrass Cafe so close to it.  Maybe if it was in the middle of rural Nevada with no other competition, it would have impressed me more.  I'm sorry, Pho Saigon 8 :/
2	This place is just as good as the original one on Spring Mountain.  The good news for me is that it's right next to my office so I intend to sample everything off of their extensive menu instead of just the pho which I normally get.Just in the last few weeks since it's opened I've tried some new stuff like the #2 veggie spring rolls which had some good tofu inside, #7 Banh Xeo which I really liked (its like putting a savory, greasy shrimp pancake inside a lettuce wrap and then adding fresh mint and dipping into sauce) and the #73 Bun Bo Hue which was a little underwhelming.  The manager, Eric, is really nice and helpful.  I will be going back again and again until I've tried it all!
3	It's convenient, they have vegetarian pho and really good tofu spring rolls.   The service range from efficient to retarded (just one guy who must be high cause or dropped as a kid)Everyone is nice except the guy with the mustache who works there who had a death stare match with me.(I won by the way)
1	I have been here twice.  The service is quick, the food is cheap and tasty, but both times I ate here it made me sick.  Too bad :(
3	This place has the right grilled pork dry vermicelli bowl that I like. I would suggest trying that dish here. Lemongrass has half the amount of the same dish, and this place makes it the way I like it. I'd recommended it to my friend, and he likes it too. Pho is okay here, I would prefer Lemongrass for if I wanted pho.
1	I am not too picky with pho, HOWEVER, this place soup base tasted really really salty! MSG??? and BIGGEST let down was their MEATBALL tasted like RUBBER! never ever did I encounter that in ANY of pho restaurants I've been to. Their price is higher than other pho restaurants, and the servers took very long to take order, and didn't seem to know what they were doing. Like if you see an empty water cup pushed to side of the table...of course....you want more water! spring roll was bland and very bad! will not go back!
4	The best pho in town !  I used to go to their Springmountain location , so it's the same menu.   Same foods , but with better service.  Eric, the manager, used to work at the other location, is always friendly.   I usually get the #15 , meatballs and rare eye round steak.  The beef stew w/ french bread is delicious too.  My girl recently ordered combo fried rice and now it's her usual outside of ordering pho.  It's got a great flavor with bits of chinese sausage thrown in .      Their competitor : Lemongrass- pho :  broth is bland ,  very little meat
4	Pho was good (broth was lighter per previous reviewer's comments).  Prices were reasonable.  Restaurant was very clean and service was a-ok.  I have nothing bad to say about it.  Also, @Matthew C: though I've been known to have a similar opinion about LV residents' tastes, I thinks it's super positive to see restaurants opening that are not KFCs / Taco Bells.  I like to support any independent business trying to make it.
2	We have dined at this location several times when it was originally occupied by Bon Jour Bistro and most recently by the American Grill.  We shared orders of Pho ga tang (chicken noodle soup served with cilantro, basil, bean sprouts, jalapeno and hoisin sauce) and cha gio (crisp spring rolls that you wrap in a piece of lettuce and dip in nuoc cham (Vietnamese dipping sauce)).  The basil was not fresh so I requested more and got what I asked for, more un-fresh basil.  The flavor of the pho was mild and the chicken was limited to a few shreds.
4	Wow they are getting a bad rep, the pho is actually good here. This stuff does not deserve thier 2.5 rating. I will agree not the best I have had but still good and definately worth going back. Tried a few things and the Bun Bo hue was hit and miss, first time soup was bland second time it was great. Service is usually bad but with most asian places its the norm, asian people go for the food not the service. One thing that was really good is the Nem (forgot the second word), ifs the pink meatballs that are not cooked (I think) with the raw garlic and chili in it. They serve it over vermacilli in one of thier bun dishes... that was good but only if you know vietnamese food. Bun bo Hue and raw Nem is not for the first timers. I would return again.
4	Pho Saigon 8 is my favorite Vietnamese place in Vegas. Although I prefer the West side one on Spring Mountain because it allows a bit easier access with my wheelchair, I am glad that they are now present on the Eastside. A previous Yelper commented that the Lemongrass Cafe across the street is much better, but I have to disagree. Furthmore, the danky carpet in the other place ruins my appetite. Saigon 8 creates the best both for the phos everytime. According to a lot of my Vietnamese friends, it is created fresh every day. The summer rolls are always delicious and their peanut sauce is superb. When I need comfort food this is the place to be. I even feel guilty if I do not order my usual dishes.
4	im giving it a 4 because the bun bo hue is fucking great. thats the only reason why i go there. i bring my own bottled water cuz I know im not getting refilled. uhm. customer serive throw that shit out the door. and I'm not vietnamese but for all the yuppies out there thinking your gonna get great service from a vietnamese restaurant, you might want to think again. the pho. not very good at all. but what ever. i give it a 4 because i get what i want and its inexpensive.
4	Quick and friendly service! If you love spicy food, order #73 and add extra spicy paste they give you! Its really good! But I do wish that the bowls were bigger!
4	Pho Saigon 8:Eastern and 215 Location (Eastern and Pebble)Let's start with the constructive criticism.  It's smaller places, parking is a little tight otherwise you are parking in the LVAC parking lot.And most of the servers might have a little trouble speaking English but not all and the owner is usually on-site and very fluent.Now for the more important stuff, good food, and great price.  I've noticed you seem to get a little more for your buck here than I've seen at other viet restaurants and the food always comes out quick.Spring mountain location:Same as above for food, good food for the price, parking is worse though if you go when it's busy but seating is much better and it's larger to accomodate groups. Extra info:I guess the things I'm not crazy about but they aren't unique to either location is if you want to substitute something it's a huge no no, at best you can just have things removed.  And I think the soup only comes in a mainstream size, maybe not quite large but you can't order a small but some dishes come with a small size of Pho minus the meat.
5	We've been looking for a yummy Pho for a while and Yelp helped us find Pho Saigon 8!!  I ordered a Tofu vegetable Pho while the boyfriend ordered Chicken Pho and Spring Rolls. (bill came out to $20 and change)  DE-LICIOUS!  Eric said his chicken was moist (not the usual overcooked and dry) broth was a perfect, steaming hot- but NOT burn your mouth hot.  ...Talk about FAST food, the spring rolls came out minutes after we ordered it and our Pho came out as Eric was finishing up his appetizer (and he eats fast!)it's a smaller restaurant and was packed at 5pm (it's a good sign that the food was going to be good!).  The decor is nice, table tops are some kind of stone/granite (no booths) and it was clean.  I'm agreeing with another reviewer, it's a tight fit and the tables are a little close together and I don't recall any type of music playing.  The service was friendly, nice and quick- although there was not much rapport between us.  They were great about busing the tables and keeping it clutter-free (my pet peeve).  Must agree with another reviewer, the parking lot is a little small...   Despite the semi-negative description of the restaurant itself, don't let that stop you from eating the YUMMY food!!I overheard customer at another table complementing the server for the GREAT food he just had.  He introduced himself to the server and told him he would be a frequent customer.. :o) = so I know I wasn't the only one Raving about how good the food was!!!5 stars for delicious food at a great price, nice sized servings (was a bonus) and quick and friendly service.  This will be a restaurant that we re-visit a few times a month- I know it!
2	If you're not near chinatown, this place is a good replacement if:You don't mind sitting on your neighbor's lapDirty tables in abundanceService is slow, unfriendly, and sometimes wrongBut, it serves the purpose. Next to yogurtland so you can get a delightful treat afterwards.
4	Lucky for me , it was a raining nite and I found a parking space in the small lot mentioned... Unaware of another Pho ,place across the street, I decided to pop into this one for dinner with my cousin??? I see this place along the freeway, when I am driving back and forth up hwy 215, it was crowded, but we got seated right away, the food was reasonably priced, the food tasty and the service was not bad.. They had a few item on the menu that we don't see at most of the Pho  places back home in the bay area.. I was not disappointed, but maybe I will go across the street , next time I am in town to try Lemongrass Cafe..
5	Best Pho in Las Vegas hands down.  It's all about the broth, and their broth is amazing.  I don't really expect fabulous service at a Vietnamese restaurant.  I have never gotten it.  But I couldn't care less!I still go for the soup.  And the egg rolls.
4	I have been obsessed with Pho Lately, and my best friend and his wife live just around the corner, so I thought we should try it. I like it. The vibe is nice( decorations were great), the food is yummy ( they even have small and large sizes for the pho!) and not pricey. It was about $10 each with a thai iced tea. I liked the fact that they had chopsticks and spoons in a little fancy dispenser on each table, along with the sauces. The waiter didn't really check on us, and we waited a few minutes to get the bill and a takeaway box, even with the usual "turning around to find someone to help us" look. So that's what keeps it from getting 5 stars, that's all. Enjoy!
1	I only go here with my g/f when she is craving a beef noodle bowl. The service here is poor. Staff members never check up on us or refill our beverages after we've been served. Last time we were here, some of the staff were horseplaying right in front of the customers. The restaurant is very dirty too. I once sat down and shuffled my chair forward and my hand was covered in something slimy. Its disgusting smell forced me to head to the restroom and wash my hands repeatedly. I will take the advice of other reviewers and try out Lemongrass nearby.
3	I have been there 2 times in one week. That's how yummy this place is. The reason I like this place so much is because it is much more tasty than other Vietnamese restaurants I've tried out. They have a large menu so you have much to choose from. I only had take out, so I'm not sure how the service is other than take out. Try this place out if you like Asian cuisine. Man, I'm hungry now just thinking about it.
4	I was never a fan of Vietnamese food.  The first time I ever ate it was over ten years ago and thought to myself how I'd never eat it again.  I met my ex from Seattle and moved there for about almost 4 years and everywhere I went was a Pho restaurant.  After a while I came to fall in love with their food and only in Seattle.  I swore that there would never be another Vietnamese restaurant that can compare.Today, mom decided she wanted to eat Vietnamese and thought what the heck.  I drove on Eastern, passed the I-215, and right by the Las Vegas Athletic Club was the restaurant.  When I walked in, mom had already been seated and luckily there was no line.  Last time we were here there was a twenty minute wait.  It's a somewhat small intimate restaurant with so many tables and chairs so close to one another.  So many people talking loudly, and plates clattering, sipping their soup loudly made me wonder if this is actually what it's like in a restaurant in Vietnam.  Looking forward to the day I find out through hands on experience.No time was wasted and I gave my order of a #70.  I forgot the name but there was white noodles, some vegetables, herbs, barbecue shrimp, barbecue thinly sliced pork, and spring rolls.  The sauce on the side tasted like a sweet fish sauce with carrots and other ingredients to hide the gross smell of fish sauce.  I poured that in my bowl and mixed all the food around.  I haven't talked about fireworks in my mouth because it's been a while since I've felt that.  But, we're gonna talk about that in this review.FIREWORKS!!!  When I put the food in my mouth, I literally felt like I was in the sky with fireworks around me.  I can still remember it like it was just a minute ago.  Normally, I don't like to eat past being full, but this dish was just too good to not finish.  The combination of the pork, noodles, vegetables, and sauce blended well together.  Food Network judges talks about texture a lot and this dish is not just mushy noodles and meat, but had the crunch of the vegetables and spring rolls.  The different texture was definitely there and worked very well with this dish.Mom ordered something with seafood pho.  It was also very well made with crunchy garlic sprinkled on top.  Mom added vegetables and herbs to it which gave it a playful texture.  Her pho was also great.  All the food was awesome which is why I gave it a 4 stars.  It's just too bad that the servers were far too busy to give any smile to the customers.  They're all so serious and don't look very friendly.  I'm sure they're very nice outside of work but while serving my mother and I, we didn't get that welcome feeling like they wanted us there.  Sure, they gave us water, took our order, brought out our food and finally our check.  That's all routine.  There was no *umph* to their service.  It was just eh and blah.3 stars to the servers and 4 stars to the cooks.  I'm sure they were in a good mood to be cooking AWWWWWESOOMMMMMME!
5	Its as good as it gets for Henderson.....lots of way better Pho places in Cali but I live in Vegas and this is as good as it gets for me until the next time my mama comes out and makes her Pho it at my house!I always have the same thing...Hu tieu wonton, Pho Tai, Pho Ap Chao..always good..nice clear broth, good flavor and they don't skimp on stuff like other places.I did try the Bun Cha Hanoi once, big mistake...my mom makes the BEST bun cha hanoi so I thought I'd try theirs...well the skewered pork was tasty but the patties were awful!  There was no flavor to it what so ever!! Too bad, I was really hoping to enjoy that since my mom only comes out every few months to make her version of what my friends call "Lei Mama Patties". Oh well, c'est la vie...I still love this place either way and am here at least once a month!
5	I have tried many vietnamese restaurants in search of a yummy bowl of Pho, and am so glad to have found this restaurant.  I was so happy when this one opened so close to me, save me from having to make the drive every weekend to Spring Mountain.  Their bun bo hue is superb and flavorful as well.  When I want something nice, it's the pho.  When I want to spice up my dinner, it is their bun bo hue!
2	this place is mediocre at best, nothing surpasses the Pho in "little Saigon."I had the Tai, Nam, Gan small bowl (same thing I get everywhere) &&had only about 2 pieces of each type of meat in my bowl. We also ordered BBQ Pork Chops to go to eat with vermicelli at home, but word to the wise, DO NOT order it separately, you might as well get it with rice there for the extra 2bucks, since it came out to about $5/piece.
3	This Pho restaurant is ok if you are not able to go to CHina Town.  They are often crowded and the tables are too close together.The Pho is pretty good and so is the BBQ chicken rice plate.  That sauce to dip the chicken in GOOD!We go there when we dont want to drive to far.
4	Unfortunately, I'm not a fan of pho, so I hope this review proves to be useful for those who are like me, and would rather eat something else at Vietnamese restaurants.  This place is closer to me than Chinatown, so that's a plus for me.  My favorite dish is #71, the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio, a.k.a. grilled sliced pork and fried egg rolls over vermicelli noodles and vegetables.  The pork has great flavor, almost a sweet taste to it, and I love the combination of pieces of pork and eggroll, noodle, and peanuts in one chopstick-ful (as opposed to spoonful).  Delicious and cheap!  It can get pretty busy during both lunch and dinner, so the service leaves much to be desired during those times.  Also, the parking lot is shared with various other popular establishments, so it can be hard to find a close parking spot during peak times. My experience with takeout orders has been positive as well.  The orders are packed well and the time estimates are pretty accurate.
5	i like this place!  a good pho place is hard to find, and when I get a craving for good pho, this is definitely the spot.    the variety is awesome, and they offer rice plates as well.  the grilled pork is good.. and the seafood pho is a favorite.  we always get the eggrolls as an appetizer and it comes with fresh lettuce and cilantro to wrap them in. the waiters are friendly... and always good about answering my questions and getting our order right.  i agree with the other reviews that say your practically sitting in your neighbors laps... but its usually packed so it's not a surprise that they try and accommodate a lot of ppl.  but the pho is the best i've had in vegas so far, so when it's pho the fam wants, it's saigon 8 they'll get!
2	It became a running joke with us that they had "NOW OPEN" signs for two months while being closed, and on a trip to the dollar store (same shopping center) we saw that they were really really open... not just pretend now open.I had the combination. The broth is salty, tasteless, and bland (you can't fix mediocre broth with salt) also they skimp on the meat. My daughter had the Steak/Tripe Pho and said it was OKMaybe we will go back after it has been open for a while to see if they improve.
3	This is definitely a good second option for all of the east siders that can't make it to Chinatown for Vietnamese...This is a true asian noodle shop...  much more focus on the food than the service.  Pho and spring rolls always tasty and come out quick, but definitely need to make eye contact with a server to get your check when you're finally done.
4	Best pho on this side of town.  Not as good as the Spring Mountain location, but a really good substitute when you can't make it across town.  Egg rolls are the bomb, chicken bun is one of my faves, and the #31 is my go to dish!Biggest drawback is the service is kind of slow.  Food comes out pretty quick but sometimes it can be a wait to get drinks and/or the check.
4	Love the food, not a big fan of the service and the seating is horrible. Don't know who was the genius that bought the tables and chairs for this place because the table legs aren't wide enough to accommodate 2 chairs to where they fit UNDER the tables! Was just there last night and this lady behind me kept pushing her chair into the back of the chair next to me (which was empty, gf sat across from me)  but my chair ain't going noway because it wont fit UNDER the table, since the legs of the table isn't wide enough for 2 chairs. Depending of which server you get, service can be bad or decent, getting the order in can take a little while but the food does come out fast once the order is placed.#1 is delicious, Vietnamese Fried Egg rolls wrapped in veggies then dipped in fish sauce#15 is my favorite,  beef noodle soup with meatballs and rare round eye steak .#66 is also very good, Grilled sliced pork over vermicelli and vegetablesHaven't ventured out of trying anything else............
3	I spent my childhood in Vietnam and my young adulthood in Orange County where the best Vietnamese food is outside of Vietnam.  Having said that, this restaurant is a good substitute of Orange County Vietnamese food.  Most non-Vietnamese will come here for pho, and their beef pho is good.  But their chicken pho is better.  You can order it with white meat or dark meat or a combination of both.  I prefer the combination.  You can also get Mien Ga, which is a noodle soup with the chicken pho broth and bean thread noodle, very healthy and yummy (bean thread noodle is a good source of fiber).  Another good dish here is the Hu Tieu My Tho, which is a noodle soup with pork broth, clear & chewy rice noodle, topped with shrimp, calamari, ground pork, and quail eggs.  It is a very authentic dish from south Vietnam and Pho Saigon 8 has a very good version.  As with most Vietnamese restaurants, the service can be slow and sporadic but the decor is nicer than many other Vietnamese restaurants in town.  I really recommend this place if you are in the Southeast side of Vegas.
3	You know... I've tried a lot of Pho restaurants in Vegas but none of them has really blown me away. Much like this place... it was okay... got my fix and that was that. They really maximized their space though, I felt like I was eating with a group of 50. Mediocre service, price, quality... abundance of parking.
4	The best Pho East of the Strip
4	I just got back from a two week trip to Vietnam and was excited to test out Pho Saigon 8 after reading some good reviews from John Curtis.  First, I noticed that some have complained about the service.  It's not prompt, or attentive, but trust me, that's authentic!  In Vietnam servers don't get tipped so they have no reason to be attentive, and there you have to ask for your check... So, if it really is Vietnamese staff working there, expect to have to request your check and realize that it's not rude to approach them.Now for the food!  We ordered vegetarian spring rolls which were tasty, although they could have used some more herby additions.  The dipping sauce was delicious!  We split the Pho Tai (thin strips of beef in the beef pho broth).  The pho was good, not the best I've had, but a solid middle of the road.  It was pretty flavorful, add-ins are appropriate (giant basil, bean sprouts, hot peppers).  But, what impressed me was that they had the rice crepes that have become my favorite Vietnamese meal!The crepe is made with rice flour (it's a savory crepe, folks), cooked in a pan until a bit crispy, and filled with bean sprouts, shrimp, and pork.  It comes with a fish sauce based dripping sauce that augments this dish wonderfully.  With this meal (which appears in the appetizer section, but I use as a main course) comes a giant plate of ruffage.  The proper execution is to take a lettuce leaf, cut off a chunk of the crepe + filling, and use the lettuce leaf as a wrap to make your own little spring roll out of it.  Add in the carrot, some kind of other root vegetable, and mint that they provide.  The rolls are cool and crunchy on the outside, warm, crunchy, and flavorful on the inside.  Don't forget the dipping sauce, it's well worth it.Most Vietnamese restaurants in town don't extend past pho and some stir-fried rice dishes, and maybe a "clay pot" type dish if you're lucky.  This rice "crepe" will keep me coming back for more, yum!
1	very  bad  service
4	YUM! This is by far our favorite Vietnamese / Pho restaurant in town! The service can be spotty but the food is always consistent and great! Plus, you cannot beat the prices. Both of us eat usually for under $20 even with an appetizer!Our favoritesCrunchy Egg Rolls $5.95Meatball / Beef Pho small $6.75Sliced pork and grilled shrimp with virmecelli $6.75Thai Iced Tea $2.25This is a new location so it is pretty nice inside. It does, however, get pretty busy around meal times so plan ahead and come a little early to get a good table. You won't be disappointed - that's Pho sure!
1	Ugh.I usually love the Pho Saigon 8 on Spring Mtn because they have had consistent good service and food.This place on the other hand, I am highly disappointed. I had came here before and I always wondered why the seating arrangements were so horrible. The manager was the person who actually took my order but forgot that I had ordered it without shrimp so they had to re-do my order when it was presented. I ordered the Hu Tieu Xao Mem Thap Cam but to my dismay, it was just bad. It was SO greasy that it made me lose my entire appetite and I have had an upset stomach for the whole entire day. Last time I had ordered this dish there, they went overboard with the garlic. The pho and service is mediocre compared to the Spring Mtn location, so I just take this as a learning experience.What really angered me was when my friend went to pay with his card, the cashier THREW the card back at him instead of handing it to him. Unbelievable.Update Feb 8th, 2013.They STILL suck and the service has only worsened.
2	I love to eat Pho, but sheesh...this place has the crappiest service ever, AND I still don't  know why I go there.  I can easily go to Lemongrass Cafe (where they are totally nice) or the new one by Chuck E Cheese, don't know the name (not the friendliest too, but not rude either).  Just went to Pho Saigon 8 on Eastern.  If they are so eager to close up, why are they still seating customers...sweeping while I eat??? Seriously??? Chairs already being put on tables around me, workers staring and waiting for us to finish, orders being screwed up and give attitude when you ask about it....wow, I have more, but I think I'll just leave it at that.  Only got an extra star because I love the food, but always set myself up for disappointment, when I could have just gone down the road further!!!  Change your attitudes and respect our eating conditions, and maybe I  will refer to other people.  Otherwise, I think I will be sending my referrals to the other guys that are friendlier and not sweeping up dust into my soup!!!  So disguisting!!!  Next time...I will pull out my iPhone and video tape it...and call the health department!!!
5	We love this place, best food, service and prices!
2	Stopped by here with LiLy D to grab a quick bite. We were in a rush so I just got pho tai. The waiter doesn't come by to check to see if I'm ready to order. He doesn't come by to check to see how everything is. They charge $1.50 for tea...wtf?Thanks for picking up the check LiLy!
4	Amazing, tasty bowls of goodness! The prices were excellent for the portion size. Great for any time of day, this soup will put you in a full, healthy mood. Superb balance of soup and meats. Service was quick, but communication was a stretch. I still would go there everyday if I could!
1	It was 8:30 p.m. on a cool Thursday evening. My daughter and I had just been in the neighborhood and thought about eating Pho. We had seen this restaurant many times as we drove by but never stopped in. I wish we never had. We walked in and there was no one in the establishment. One of the employees were cleaning the floors and chairs were pulled out from the tables. We asked if they were open and the owner waved us in and we sat. (They close at 10:00p.m.)The two flat screen tvs were off and it was very quiet....really quiet. We ordered a large pho tai and salt and pepper shrimp to share. The soup broth was not the best and you could see alot of oil floating on top and not to mention hardly any noodles. We were thirsty from the saltiness and needed a refill on water but all the employees and the owner were sitting down eating dinner. I had to get up and ask for service. Three other tables came in and were seated at 8:45pm. Once their food was delivered the employees once again sat at "their" table and continued eating. I had to stand up once again to ask for the check. I'm sorry I had not gone to Lemongrass Cafe to eat in the first place. We will never go back to this establishment. One more thing. As one of the employees brought our dish of the shrimp, he asked if we wanted rice (which comes with this order). We said yes and as he walked bakc to the kitchen, sneezed a very large, loud, yucky sneeze, we almost didn't want the rice!!!!! Gross!
4	boy is it cold out in vegas tonight.. stopped in here with the parentals to get warm and toasty..i rarely eat anything else than seafood pho.. so tonight i got the small #44 which only consists or shrimp and crab! the other place i usually eat pho at in the bay area has more seafood items in the meal but since those are my top 2 favorite things.. it sounded like the perfect bowl!my choice of beverage tonight was their fresh squeezed lemonade! food came out in a timely manner.. and everything looked delish..i loved how i ordered a small but they gave me noodles as it was a large! i was totally expecting imitation crab.. and to my surprise there was real crab meat.. couldn't get better than that! shrimp was kinda bland but nothing that sriracha sauce can't fix!taste, size, temperature of the whole thing was wonderful.. just what i needed for a cold night!my lemonade was bomb! i usually don't care for tart sour drinks but i must say this was some good as lemonada! so refreshing to the mouth after a hot meal!i shall come here many more times in the future! oh the bad.. not so many parking spaces for the little shoppping area its in.. seating arrangements kinda suck.. service was ok.. but they could try to come around a little more often.. and when the bill came back swiped and all.. they didn't have a customer copy receipt.. only store copy.. i personally don't care for that extra piece of paper but many do!oh did i mention there's a yogurtland next door.. :)
3	Good place to go for pho if you're craving noodles and not in Chinatown. My friends and I went here on a Saturday night, and were pleased that it wasn't too busy. After perusing the menu, my friend and I decided to split a large #11 (Pho Tai- Noodle soup with rare round eye steak, $7.50) while my other friend ordered the #67 (Bun Ga Nuong- Grilled chicken over vermicelli and vegetables, $7.45). I asked for extra bean sprouts to which the waiter didn't seem to have a problem with. Our food came out quickly, which was a plus. Pho Tai- Better here than other pho places in the neighborhood. The noodles were the perfect texture- not overcooked, but still soft with a chewy bite. The soup was a little more oily (I could see oil puddles floating on the top) than what I'm used to, but still good and hot nonetheless. And the accompanying plate of veggies & herbs (bean sprouts, basil & lemon (not technically a vegetable or herb...) was fresh. The portion size was good- plenty of noodles & meat- with the addition of bean sprouts, I was definitely full. Bun Ga Nuong- I only tried the grilled chicken, which I thought was flavorful and very teriyaki-y, but some of the pieces that I ate had too much fat on them; however, I liked the sweetness and charred flavor of the chicken. I didn't really feel like the service was bad. I mean it did take a while for them to bring the check, but my friends and I didn't really have a problem with that because we were too busy talking. I thought the servers were nice. I also like how this place is cleaner than other pho restaurants I've been to. So I think I'll come back when I'm craving pho not only because the food is good, but because it's located right next to my favorite frozen yogurt shop.
2	I do not like writting bad reviews but the service was so bad. Takes fore ever to get your order placed and fill and just horrible customer service. The food was alright thats why the 2 stars if it was horrible i would have gave it a 1 star. i would pass this place up and try another pho place near spring mountian.
3	I may not be the biggest Vietnamese food fan.  The food was just ok.  Ambiance, eh, service and overall, just ok.
1	Completely tasteless broth... maybe it was water.Go to Lemongrass down the street.Very dissapointing.
3	I usually get pho here because it close to where I live and it's pretty decent. I get the chicken pho and my fiance usually gets their rare steak Pho--both are pretty good and I like their fresh spring rolls. The pho is good because the broth is flavorful enough and I feel there is a good balance of the meats and the vegetables. Can't say that I like their vermicelli dishes though, based off the shrimp vermicelli dish I got. The shrimp was poorly cooked (dry) and there wasn't enough vegetables in the mix to balance everything out. I've been told by my Vietnamese friends that this place is some what "Americanized." I guess I can see that....Oh and did I mention, at one point I was mortified to order from here because of their grade 'C'  rating? Yeah...I hope I didn't catch some food borne illness during that period...
4	I was first introduced to Pho Saigon 8 from a friend who took me to the one in Chinatown, so I was really excited when this place opened on my side of town. I usually get the grilled sliced pork & fried egg rolls over vermicelli and vegetables, and my husband usually gets the grilled lemongrass sliced beef over vermicelli and vegetables or the chicken pho, and we get spring rolls to share. Service is good when we dine in, although we usually do take-out more often. The staff is very friendly and accommodating, and the place is very clean.
4	What I notice about residential Las Vegas is that there are a lot of frozen yogurt, cupcake, and pho places. This place is right next to yogurtland. I ordered the Vegetable and Tofu Pho. I was PLEASED and surprised at the amount of fresh veggies and tofu pieces were in my pho. The service was also super nice. As for the actual broth, I've had better in the SF Bay Area and better pho noodles as well. But with added hoison sauce and sriacha it was yummmmmyy. Great prices! And they ask you if you want to split the bill! HUGE plus for people paying dutch.
4	Me & my girlfriend as well as my 1yr old son love this place. Clear deep broth tells me the stock was cared after unlike a cloudy dirty looking one. Anyhow I get the 18 with all the goodies..........finish with fresh thai basil, lime & a little siracha...whats not to love.
3	Ordered take out over the phone... The girl taking my order was a bit sassy! When I arrived at restaurant she was sitting at cashier station... She did NOT greet me when I walked in! She told me the total, I handed her my credit card... then she asked "if I happened to have cash"!  WTF!!??? If I had cash don't you think I would have given cash??!! Duh!! Well at least she thanked me as I was leaving. Food was good so that's why I gave 3 stars! Too bad cashier was sassy & not friendly!!
4	I'm from southern californa, and I'm vietnamese so I think I've had my fair share of "authentic" vietnamese food, and I think Pho Saigon 8 does a pretty good job. And for a decent price too! I've gotten the Pho Bo Vien (meat ball Pho) which was good. The broth was a good flavor. I always add tons of lemon and Hoisin Sauce anyway. And I've had their Rice platter with grilled pork (Thit Nuong) and egg rolls. I thought the meat was awesome. It had a good flavor and the egg rolls were pretty good too. My one complaint is that the rice wasn't your typical "broken rice" where the rice pieces are smaller. They served whole rice grains, which is fine but I was really looking foward to the traditional Com Tam.My fiance has gotten their Bun Thit Nuong (Dry noodle bowl with grilled pork) and he didn't have any complaints. The fish sauce (Nuoc Mam) was decent, nothing too spectacular. And the service isn't too bad either. I've gone when they've been pretty busy and I thought the service was moderately attentive. Overall this is a great place to go when you're craving a nice steaming bowl of noodle soup or just some good ole vietnamese food and you're too lazy to drive down to Spring Mountain haha.
4	i've tried a lot of pho places here in the vegas area and i must say pho saigon 8 henderson location is so convenient being away from the strip. shrimp spring rolls with no pork, is great with peanut sauce and a hint of sriracha sauce. they taste so fresh compared to other places. i get chicken vermicelli and i love it. but (-1 star) for their service, they can work on smiling and refilling water faster.
4	My husband and I are always willing to try new places! We were greeted by a guy who sat us right away. Our waitress came by and brought us waters to start. Being first timers, we asked our waitress her favorites on the menu. She was so helpful, nice and patient with us as we decided on our order. Our food came out quick, hot and tasty. Our drinks were refilled in a timely manner and our waitress checked on us a couple times to make sure we were satisfied and liked our food.The least friendly person in the whole place was the cashier. He didn't say anything to us except to tell us our total. He didn't even offer me my receipt, I had to ask him for it.... probably not a big deal to most people, but I expected the great service until I walked out the door. We'll definitely go back to try other things.
5	Great spring rolls and pho!
3	I've only been once, it was good pho, pretty cheap, and reasonably fast. I wouldn't say it was anything spectacular but worth it if you're in the mood.
4	This is a cool place to enjoy great noodles.1.  Spring Rolls - Had the Vietnamese Spring rolls here and it was very tasty! The dipping sauce and taste was very nice.2.  Pho - we had the chicken Pho and also a meat pho with brisket, flank,tendons. I thought the tendon was undercooked, yet it wasn't and it was delicious.3.  Broth - I liked it very much. It was clear, and had a nice taste of beef with green onion. Very subtle to me.  After I got the tasted down, I did throw some chili sauce into it, so, that altered it afterwards.4.  Ambiance and others - Very small and nice, always crowded, and it a place where parking can be a challenge due to the large LVAC in the same log.5.  Service -The staff are all young and very service oriented. You pay at the cashier and I have no idea how they remember what everyone ordered to give you the bill, yet they do!I do love to have soda and they serve soda here in a can which is not as tasty to me as fountain and this means you will have to pay for refills......Check this place out!
4	Small and cozy place to eat with low light setting.I was happy with the food that we order. I got "com suong bi cha thit nuong" which is not bad. My friends say the pho is good too. Would come back.
4	Love the Pho at this place.  I typically get the shrimp and crab in pork broth.  I love the location since it is right by my house, and the prices cannot be beat.
4	There are a lot of pho restaurants in this town. This one is my favorite for 3 reasons. Reason #1 - It's got the word "pho" in the name, so you know it's good.Reason #2 - They are from "Saigon", where pho was invented, so you know they know what they are doing here.Reason #3 - The number "8" is a very humbling number to give ones self. It's better then 5 and not as douchey as 10.  So you know they've got class.Yup, the humblest, most authenticest, phoiest restaurant on Eastern. Much better than Pho Saigon 7 and less pretentious then Pho Saigon 9.  Till next Tuesday Pho Saigon 8, when my parents will pay for my dinner again!!
4	Wanna talk about asian soul food? Try the beef stew at Pho Saigon 8. OMG its soo thick, rich, and hearty. It comes served with either french bread, rice, and noodles but my bf and i will always order all three LOL. its way too good to even waste a single drop. Okay enough with the obsessiveness. I have been to many pho shops in las vegas, little saigon, pho kim long, pho so 1 and it seems like the beef stew always comes out as beef soup. Its flavorless, oily, and watery. At pho saigon 8, you can tell the broth gets its richness from the cubes of beef and tendon and the sweetness from the onions and the carrots boiling for many hours. Since this location has opened, either one of us always orders this dish. But as usual the pho-, bun-, and the plate dishes are exceptional. The only reason why I give this place 4 and not 5 stars is because of the customer service, the waitress sat us at a dirty and sticky table and the server next came to refill our water. If you look at a typical asian family,  it seems like we care mainly about the taste/ quality of food only and less the customer service aspect. We have this 'dont bother me, dont check on me unless if i ask' kinda thing. But wiping down tables, and refilling water should be a must!
1	My friends and I had broth that was sooooo salty. And this was our second time coming here.  The waiter brought out an order wrong and blamed it on my entire group. We were completely baffled as to why this waiter was blaming us.  We just wanted to get the what we ordered. Extremely rude service. I rather go down the street to lemon grass.  The waiters are nice and the soup taste cleaner and not pumped up with MSG.
4	Amazing and crave-worthy... wanna blow their minds? Be caucasian and order #8... you're welcome.
2	I can't seem to fathom what the employees are thinking at this place. They show no hospitality at all, and basic restaurant service seems to be non-existent. They work as if they're offended to be our waiters and waitresses.As my party and I are seated, the server asks us if we are ready to order.  We need some time to look at the menu, so we tell him to give us some time.  Only thirty seconds pass when he returns and asks us to order.  We repeat the procedure about 2 more times until we feel so compelled to order we give in.  My dad had a special request to add chicken and beef in the soup, but the server couldn't understand us. He seemed really confused and frustrated, so he brought someone else over who had better English. He turned around and muttered some word that I'm sure wasn't too polite.We place our order and in less than five minutes our dishes are ready.  I love fast service, but for some reason I felt queasy that day.  I just knew it wasn't prepared 100% fresh.  Plus the server's attitude earlier set me off from my usual happy piggy mood.We asked for extra dishes and the server seemed offended that we were giving orders.  Maybe I'm just reading into their body language too much, but they give the expression like I said something mean about their mother, which of course wasn't the case. Seriously, what's the deal? Not once did they stop by to check up on our water, or ask if things were okay.The food itself is OK, but that day it tasted especially bland. Maybe the bad service was getting to me.  I noticed the pho tasted like noodles and water; no amount of hot sauce or fish sauce could add any flavoring.  Judging by how fast the food was served, I wouldn't be surprised if it was just composed of water. We rose and paid for our meal, and I felt like I wasted every cent of it.  I would've had better service at McDonalds, hands down.  My whole afternoon would've been ruined but thankfully the Yogurtland right next door cheered us up.  As soon as we enter, we are greeted with a warming hello.  That alone made me feel better.
5	I went here a couple days ago and I loved this place. I ordered the well done beef with beef meatballs and it was delicious! You can tell this is your better than your average pho restaurant because the locals seem to love it and it was packed when I went in the early evening. Don't know why it has a 3 star rating...should either be 4 or 5 stars.Also, you know it's a good pho restaurant because it has pho in its name and a random number.
3	Easily Pho-gotten ExperienceCan't really comment on the sister restaurant in Spring Mountain, but I stopped by here since I currently reside on the east part of town and I wanted to check out the Las Vegas Athletic Club located not far behind.A good way to judge a Vietnamese restaurant is the quality of the their beef pho broth.  While I was fairly hungry having scheduled a late lunch, I was both delighted and simultaneously skeptical regarding the fact that my steaming bowl of beef pho with flank steak and tendon came within 2 minutes of placing my order.  One of my Vietnamese friends taught me some easy signs to spot a good broth are through sight and smell prior to tasting.  One should detect an immediate aroma upon the bowl being placed at your table and I'm not sure if that was the case.  The clarity of the broth both in term of being able to visualize the ingredients and the absence of an abundance of oil at the surface also is a positive sign and this broth appeared to pass the sight test. Poking my chopsticks around followed by adding the standard sides (sprouts, jalapenos, lime, and basil), I began to slurp and taste.  The noodles were the right texture and not overly clumped together, although this can be the most forgivable fault if all else is right.  The meat was problematic in that the thin slices were clumped together like miniature meat softballs and the only way of preventing any undercooked areas would be to OVERCOOK the whole mass.  Anthony Bourdain once commented in his book Kitchen Confidential that one should never order steak well done since you will likely get the worst cut of meat available since one cannot tell the difference between the best and worst when it is well done.  I feel the same holds true when you are trying to assess the quality of the thinly sliced beef in one's pho.  The tendon was actually the star in that they were sliced with a good combination of collagenous goodness and the occasional hint of meat and cooked to perfection.  Last but not least, the broth is what makes or breaks the dish, and in this case, my nose trumped my eyes in that the taste of the broth was fairly one-dimensional.   The broth is usually a matter of pride amongst Vietnamese moms and no two are alike since hours to days are spent perfecting the signature combination of beef bones, ginger, onion, and aromatics (cinnamon, anise. cloves, peppercorns, etc) guarded in households much like the Colonel Sanders' original recipe.  I could barely detect anything beyond a mild sweetness which could have been MSG or a bouillion cube (we'll see how thirsty I am a few hours from writing this review).  I am probably being overcritical since I have had some great broths in the past, so I will say that much like the clientele which was mostly of mixed caucasian/asian couples, this place would be a great primer for someone new to pho since I would think perhaps the addition of the other subtle flavors may weird out the newcomers and sometimes one has to sample an average broth to appreciate an excellent broth.  P.S.  Probably the only pet peeve of mine is avoid taking home noodle soups unless you plan on consuming them later that night.  It is a food crime to eat them as leftovers when the noodles have had a chance to get soggy and release their starches and muddle the broth.
4	I really like this place, I eat there 3 times a week. The food is much better than Lemongrass, the broth for Pho is better too. Only complaint I have is the servers don't fill your water often enough, you have to ask sometimes.
5	I have a resolution to everyone's service complaints!! Order to go!I placed an order for pickup after work... I've never done this with pho before, so when I went to pick up my ONE order of #11, pho tai, I was surprised to look like I ordered for an entire family! I got home, unwrapped my goods.... it was just like I was at the restaurant, in my own home:]. Everything that they would serve you was included: all the leafy goodness (still not sure what all of it is), cilantro and chives, LOTS of noodles, and a generous amount of  RAW thin slices of beef. This was all neatly organized in a generic Styrofoam to-go box.  Hoisin sauce and red pepper sauce were also packed into my belongings. Also, a large Styrofoam cup/bowl(?) of the beef broth. The broth was still piping hot. It cooked my beef slices just as I wanted, instantly. Although I did make the mistake of keeping the lid off, so it cooled down pretty quickly and didn't cook the beef so well for my second portion. Absolutely delicious. I prepared it all just how I would want it.. and even came back for seconds. I of course didn't waste all the meat, but I couldn't finish the noodles. It seems that people really knock the ratings down on this place because of the service... so may I recommend take out?? Try it again yallllll
3	Decent pho.  Not the best nor the worst but it hits the spot.  Their springs rolls were mediocre so I would recommend skipping that since it's not worth the cost.I thought it was annoying how they listed all these different combos for pho.  I usually like to order everything in my beef pho (flank, steak, tripe, tendon, etc) so it would have been nice to have one that is labeled the works or something.  Oh and they charge extra if you want meatball so you have been warned.Btw, you pay at the counter. ;)
4	All I can say is DELICIOUS! From their Pho, to the fried rice, to their rice plates.  Everything is just delicious.  If you don't believe me, see for yourself.
5	My favorite place. Absolutely fantastic. Everything I've ever had, and it comes out quick. I love this place, I would live on it!
3	I asked two different employees & they told me that they do use msg!!!  their food taste fantastic but be aware if you do not want msg.
3	bun bo hue yummy,but i dont understand about the purple basil.but i  tried ,the first i ate purple basil.the taste difficult for me, but my hubby like it.this place  my  friend  recommend for me.i believe her, because she live at henderson ,las vegas.
4	Joseph and I live in PS8's area and forever opted to make the drive to Chinatown instead.  I suggested we try our neighborhood pho joint so we could make a quick trip for dinner or takeaway.  Broth, he says, was pleasingly flavorful and almost as good as Pho Vietnam's {on it's good day}.
3	3.5 starsSolid pho & pretty tasty egg rolls. Besides the slightly high price for Vietnamese food, I think this place is the best in place in the Henderson area. Like all Vietnamese places, the service is fast and the waiters don't speak English. So, you can always order by the numbers next to the food item. Even though it's not the best pho I've had, I still come here regularly because of its location and good quality. Oh yeah, their fried rice is actually good too, give it a shot!
3	This used to be our fav Pho place, even if its out of the way for us in Henderson, clean and new shop. Sadly the service is just bad. There is a "bigger" gal that works behind the counter, and has the "shoot me now, I hate my job" attitude. There is one lady who does get customer service and does a good job taking care of customers, but she is not always there. The Pho broth is clean, not greasy, and the noodle + protein amount is generous.  Prices seem a tad higher than most places in the Valley, but I dont think we will be going much anymore.
3	I've been here a number of times and mostly enjoyed the food. The service is pretty mediocre but I don't blame them-- at least they try. The eggrolls are different here, and while they aren't my cup of tea, seem to be popular among other regular patrons.The prices are pretty fair for the amount of food you get--you'll be pretty full from just one bowl of soup. I love the traditional leaves and beansprouts that they serve alongside the pho. I always douse mine in hot sauce as well. When I've got a really bad cold, there's nothing I crave more than a steaming hot bowl of spicy, salty, hydrating pho. However, I've been elsewhere in clark county and must say that this is far from the best pho in town. Its conveniently located for me but don't settle for this place because there is much better to be had in the asian districts closer to the strip.
5	Fast and yummy...granted I usually just get the Pho, but I love it.  I can add as much or as little veggies and sauce as I want.  I go there ALOT (coffee is sooooooo good).I just love it!
4	This is the first place I ever tried Pho and I am now almost a weekly guest for the last year or so.  Their fried and fresh rolls are delicious and always full of flavor as well as their dipping sauces. The french bread is a buck and tasty.  The plate of bean sprouts and seasonings are always fresh.  If I'm ever feeling under the weather a big bowl of #22 definitely makes me feel better.   Best Iced Tea in Las Vegas. The service is extremely fast and fairly friendly.  Just wish they had a bigger space as there is sometimes a decent wait at peak hours.  Tried a few other Pho places in town and this is definitely the best around.
2	Really it's a two and a half star review, but yelp won't let me do that. The food is good, the service is good, the location is easy to get to. I was just not blown away. And it could use a really good scrub down. If I am in the area, I would go back. I would just not make a special trip out to dine there.
1	Served me cilantro, twice. I was very clear about my allergy to cilantro and could very well have ended up in the ER getting a shot. But because of my husbands good eyes the crisis was avoided. Were they apologetic? No. Remorseful? No. Did they do anything to compensate? Only after pitching a fit was my meal comped. (which by the second send back I told them not to bother making again). Seriously?!? You want to charge me for a meal I sent back twice and did not eat a bite of? Bye!
3	Before I was introduced to pho-milan.  I would always go here especially since it was right next to LVAC and I would usually come here for a quick bite to eat after the gym or craving for some vietnamese food.  The food was just okay nothing amazing.  Spring Rolls: It is usually a hit & miss thing. Sometimes its tasteful and sometimes is very bland.  When its bland I would have to use a lot of the dipping sauce to have some taste to the spring rolls.Pho: I normally dont order pho, but when I finally did, I hated it.  I forgot what I ordered but it was not great at all.  It was cold and I asked them to reheat it, but one of the servers didnt understand what I was asking.  They had to ask another server to figure out what I wanted.  But after they reheated it, it wasnt something I would order again. Pork&Rice: I usually order this and in order for me to enjoy it. I would always use the pho's broth that they bring on the side and I would add it to the meat and rice to have more flavor to it.  Service:  They normally dont smile when you enter their restaurant and only one or two of them is friendly.  I would have to flag them down to re-fill my glass of water and ask for the check.
1	To all the people who say I should expect bad service because it is a Vietnamese restaurant, I'm sorry you feel that way. If I walk into a place to spend money, I shouldn't feel like a jerk for inconveniencing them. If you hate your job, quit. I work in a restaurant, too, and I know we all have bad days, but nobody should feel unwelcome when they want to spend their money and enjoy lunch. To put it shortly, the service was awful. We walked in and were sat, and before our menus were open the giant guy who sat us was already asking if we were ready. Not yet, guy. So he walks away, does a loop around the tiny restaurant, and 30 seconds later asks if we are ready. Repeat twice. Then, he got annoyed, sneezed into his hand, and never came back (thank goodness.) When we did finally order, I got Veggie spring rolls and bun with egg rolls. Spring rolls were yummy, no complaint there. My noodles though... soggy lettuce and warm noodles, eek.My boyfriend ordered a pork stew over egg noodles, but what he got was gigantic chunks of pork fat. That's just gross. I took a picture of the scooped out fat... probably about 8 oz of fat and 3 oz of actual pork meat. I think most would agree that less quantity and more quality is preferable to more waste and less quality. When my food lovin' non-picky eater of a boyfriend barely touches a meal, there's an issue. Even he was grossed out by the bad quality.I'll just keep going to Pho Kim Long in China Town. It's a longer drive, but at least I didn't get treated like I kicked someone's pet as soon as I walked in, and the food is fresh and yummy.
4	I think this Pho restaurant is just fine overall. Perhaps I never had an issue with the service here, or perhaps I know not to really expect much in terms of service in small culturally unique joints such as this one. I also think the language barrier plays a role in the type of service you receive.   The service was ok, no one was rude nor made us feel rushed while we, two of the most indecisive people in the world, reviewed the menu. The Pho was good enough to warrant a return visit when I am not feeling like driving too far from my house for a bowl of pho. They provide all of the necessary standards such as the condiments (I love me some siracha!) and a heaping plate full of additions such as fresh herbs, sprouts and lime to add as needed.  I think Pho Little Saigon across the street and this joint are almost identical in service and in quality. My review is more of a 3.5 star but I will round it up as I am feeling generous.
4	Fast review for a fast restaurant! REALLY FAST FOOD! But good quality.Love the coffee at the end.  Don't get the meatballs.  Not sure what kind of meet they are, and too chewy, but other than that.  Great!
1	Will not be back. Absolutely horrible, rude service. I would've given 0 stars if it was an option. It's dumb they won't let you order a small portion for carry out too.
3	Gone are those days when there were great service and tender pork hocks in the Bun Bo Hue...After watching Anthony Bourdain's visiting Vietnam for the second time in his "No Reservations" show, I craved for some Bun Bo Hue.  The only place that I liked the Bun Bo Hue was at Pho Saigon 8.I have been back to Pho Saigon 8 in many visits after my first review and am sad to say that I won't be a regular patron any longer.  The superb bun bo hue that I had there is now just an ordinary, mediocre bowl of soup.  The pork hock is very tiny and seems like half of it was simmered in the soup (was tender) while the other half was floating on the surface (very chewy).  The soup is still decent.  I used to love the pho here too, until I started receiving a bowl of soup where the soup was not hot enough to cook the rare slices of beef round-eye.  Around that same time, I discovered Pho Mai Lan and immediately fell in love with their broth (and awesome customer service).Therefore, I am going to give Pho Saigon 8 and A-OK, and will return when I want some bun bo hue.
4	The Pho is good of course but nobody in town can beat their fresh spring rolls..I just hate the fact that this place closes so f!#*ing early..
4	Im a fan of the one on spring mnt but I thought I try this one. I must say the service was good and pleasant. The noodles were a bit over cooked and mushy but the pho was still good.
4	The pho here is very good, not 5-star excellent, but very good. My usual go-to when out and about is Pho Kim Long but my office is located very close to Pho Saigon 8, so as a captive audience it certainly satisfies when craving pho for lunch. The service definitely leaves a lot to be desired in that no dialog is created (at least the times I have been here) and "friendly" isn't an adjective I would use to describe the employees.That said, I'm not here to make friends, I want to eat soupl. And Pho Saigon 8 provides piping hot, delicious pho in less than 2 mins of putting in your order.
4	This place isn't as good as the spring mountain location, but it's a great lunch spot for me n my coworkers. The service is not too bad and it's fairly clean. The pho broth is tasty and better than anything else in the SE. Lemongrass n pho little Saigon across the street aren't as good. I think this place is more of a 3.5 stars, but I give them the benefit of the doubt.
4	The food is fabulous......always hot, fresh, and super yummy! The service is kind of slow and hard to get refills on drinks but otherwise its great....I don't mind the mediocre service in exchange for delicious food.
4	Another favorite Pho place. The food is delicious like all vietnamese places i normally order the fresh egg rolls , fried egg rolls and the pork and their latte.. love the food here its pretty good prcies is pretty cheap as well the only downside to the place is the staff is not as friendly as the other vietnamese places.. I would still recommend this place if you are near this place just dont expect good service..
5	Best Pho I've found in Vegas.The place is fairly nice for a Henderson strip mall. Decor is appropriate and tasteful, you'd have friends and family here; unlike most Pho joints that feel like a Vietnamese Robertos. Not that there's anything wrong with Robertos, it's just not a place you'd take a hot date. Saigon 8 is. Actually,  a "best I can get right now" date or "I'm feeling fat/unemployed" kinda date, but regardless, you won't be ashamed of this place.The Pho is excellent. Standard pho gringo rules apply with Pho, stick with the Pho tai until you know what you're dealing with. Tripe is not for the unfamiliar stomach.  One amazing thing they do here that's apparently illegal in Vietnam: the veggie pho actually features veggie broth, and IT'S MARKED ON THE CONTAINER.Also a fun game we play every time I call:I say: "Hi can I have a Pho Tai and a Veggie Pho please? Extra meat and extra Jalapenos"They say: "(Vocal Noises sounding mildly like english that may or may not be confirming my order.)""I didn't catch that, was that a Pho Tai and a Veggie Pho""(Garbles that may be English with incomprehensible accent)... 10 minutes"."Okay thanks"And my order has always been right over 10+ visits. Always extra Jalapenos, always extra meat, never any missing sides. This impresses me more than anything else.
5	Dude, anything with soup/broth, noodles, and filling is always good! Ive tried several pho dishes and their spring rolls.  I'm always full with the pho.  How do they slice beef so thin?  The pho broth is everything. It ties it all in.  Pho is a PIA to make if you don't have a pressure cooker.  I can appreciate the variety and toppings of pho. I literally can eat pho everynight.  I think when winter rolls around and the next time I catch a cold, I'll see if pho can be a good alternative for chicken soup.  I've been here several times already (yet I forget to check in!!!!) and will be back again when I'm itching for some Vietnamese goodness!
2	5 stars for the food. But -2 stars for service and -1 star for their weird prices. Food is good. I mean, typical pho and viet food with nothing nasty in it. So 5 stars for that. Service...haha get ready. Ordered drinks and food. Our food comes out first so I'm waiting for our drinks. 5 mins go by..nothing. So I asked the waiter (the really fat one) and he gives this irritates look on his face and says "IT'S COMING!" well alright jeez. People normally get their drinks before their foods, fatso. ESP with pho...all that MSG, you need a drink with it! The others weren't really any better. We went around 9pm and I guess they were closing soon. Felt like they were trying to rush everyone out. Well hello! You're in Vegas! You expect people to have early dinner times? Whatever. The only reason we tipped is because we had a kid with us and she made a mess with her rice -__-Their prices are so weird! 6.05 7.05 8.05 dude seriously? You are so stingy you have to do .05. I guess that .05 really helps the owner out but seriously? I've never seen more ridiculous prices. This place is already way more expensive than many other pho places. And having that .05 on the menu just makes em look more stingy.
2	The wife and I have been coming here for over a year. When we first went the service was very good, friendly, and it felt like our business was appreciated. I don't know what happened but....Out of the last three times we came the waiter (the same one each time) didn't take our drink orders, was very impatient while we were ordering, and my wife had to chase down a different waiter for water. FYI, all three times the waiter was that fat one that another reviewer found very rude/short. Speaking about the wait staff, did someone scare off all the female employees?The strangest part is that food is exactly the same: fantastic. I wish Yelp would let us differentiate between the food, place, and staff as the food would easily get 5 stars while the staff (well, that staff that's left) would get 1.It's very rare that I'd let the wait staff get to me as usually a return visit gets me a different waiter, but this place is so small that's not an option. Right now I'll just resign myself to finding a different Pho place.
1	Why the heck did i try this place again? ... Horrible walked out service just awful didn't even order.
5	The best Pho in Las Vegas
4	Great Pho Legume and barbeque chicken vermicelli bowl. Good prices.Service from waiters ranges from tolerant to indifferent.
5	I'm from the bay area and have tried beef stew noodle soup all over the area and since moving to Vegas, I needed my pho phix!  Thanks yelpers, for helping me find this place!  They make one of the best that I have tasted.  The broth is delicious and the beef meat to tendon ratio is great.  I will be back to try other dishes as well.
4	I have had Pho just a few times.  Have to say, this place is pretty good.  I had the Pho Chicken Breast and Thigh.  Thick pieces of chicken, tasty, spicy, and price was decent.  Place is located in a pretty busy strip mall right off the 215.  Around lunch time, parking can get tough, but immediately after 2 pm it opens up.  The restaurant is a bit small and since it can get busy, you will feel a littled cramped. Still worth it since the food is good and staff is great.
5	I love love love this place!  I practically eat here almost once a week.  Coming from a city where there was a lot of yummy Vietnamese food readily available, I was determined to find something similar in Henderson.  Pho Saigon 8 has come the closest to any I have tried...and trust me, I have tried many. My latest favorite crave here is the beef stew with wide flat noodles!  One thing I looooveeee about the soup is that you can taste the richness of the soup, meaning it took many hours to make it into its thick tendinous consistency, which is very hard to find in today's American money hungry culture!  (Less quality, more quantity).  ;-) But if you are a "Hendersonian" and is craving Vietnamese food, I'd suggest you to stop by Pho Saigon 8, right next to the LVAC on Eastern!
4	My Favorite PHO place outside CHina Town, super cheap and tastes great even with take-out!
2	The fact that the server wasn't friendly enough ticked me of. I rather eat at a Thai Restaurant anytime. I didn't try anything at all. My friend said it was good. He tried the soup or something.
5	Best Pho I've ever had!  I've eaten here weekly for a few years.  Large 22 cures any ailment!  Always great fresh sides for the soup.  Best iced tea in town.  It's got Jasmine and a ton of other flavors I love, but can't name.  Their fresh French bread is to die for along with their always crispy, piping hot egg rolls.
4	Came here with a few of my co workers, we had a good meal. The prices are great and the food portions are decent. I would definitely come here again. Especially when it's so close to work :P
3	Noodle soup gets 5 stars...can't find a better place, good meat portion, fresh sprouts.Appetizer gets 4 stars...#6 is fantastic, especially the dipping sauce.Customer service gets 2 star only because they bring the food out... Customer service can use a lot of improvement, especially when the owner's son (the chubby one) is working. The rest of the staff reflects his attitude.
3	Best Thai tea ever ! The Pho is typical
3	random viet restaurant in a strip mall - didnt even know it existed as you really can't see it from the street. they have a wide range of vietnamese food, including diff sizes for pho. one of the few places that have the tomato based crab and pork meat noodles - which came with 3 huuge blocks of blood cubes. not a fan of those but luckily was able to pick those out. overall, decent place for cravings.
4	AWESOME pho.  The hubby had the dry rice noodle dish and his was excellent as well.  The spring rolls were good but I could tell they didn't make it to order.  Anybody who likes spring rolls know that it has to be made WHEN the customer orders or it it's just not as good!
2	People rave about this place. After having tried a Ramen place the night before in China Town, I thought this place was just OK, at best.Service was very slow, they squashed us in a side table even though there were plenty of other seats, and didn't really explain WTF we were supposed to be doing.  For instance, I guess you are supposed to be wrapping the egg rolls in the large pieces of lettuce they give you??? They give you a BUNCH of stuff to doctor up your soup with, which I guess should've been my first indication that it wasn't going to be all that good.DON'T GET THE MEATBALLS. They were nasty. Apparently, there's some confusion on meatballs and sausage in a casing?  You literally had to bite and tear into these packets of meat to get a chunk off of them. It definitely reminded me of eating an overcooked piece of sausage and way too big to be eating in one bite.The Thai Tea was amazing but I felt for it's size, extremely over priced. In fact, the whole thing was a bit overpriced, it was almost $40 for 3 of us for lunch without tip.Trying to get the check was a production too, then paying the check up at the front, then tipping was all very strange.I think we all agreed we don't have to go back.
5	The best Pho I've had since Hawaii. Very good.
1	**CREDIT CARD FRAUD!***        CREDIT CARD FRAUD!I am warning you to avoid this place completely.  I.D theft and credit card fraud is on the rise.  Don't let this happen to you.  Here's what happened.  My good friend paid for the lunch with his credit card.  This was the only transaction for the day on that specific card.  That evening he went to use it for dinner and the card was already shut down.  Come to find out, there were 4 transactions totaling about $800 originating from North Las Vegas while this restaurant is in Henderson (can't be at two places at the same time).  Praise the Lord that the credit card company caught the red flag and canceled his card and the investigation is pending.I'm so bummed that this happened.  The food is great, the price is not bad and my wife and I were beginning to love  this place!  But in all seriousness and gravity, the good food is not worth the risk of having your identity and credit card stolen.  Be warned and be wise.  I care about all of you, who are reading this, and wouldn't want you to experience such a crime against you.  I implore you to stay away!Have fun on your quest for good eats!Sincerely,Eric F.p.s the Sunrise Cafe is great... it's on the north side of the same plaza a couple doors down from starbucks.
1	UNBELIEVABLY RUDE SERVICE. If you want to be ignored completely for simple things such as water please eat here. If you want to call to ask a question and the person that answers yells at you please call here. Enough said. Can take my love of pho else where.
3	I came here for lunch with several co-workers. The weather is cold and what better time than that to get some pho. We came around noon since my coworker mentioned they get pretty busy. The decor is nice and they keep the place pretty clean. I wasn't in a soup eating mood, so I decided on a vermicelli bowl. My other coworker ordered some eggrolls to share and they were pretty good. Nothing spectacular, but they had a nice crunch. My vermicelli bowl was a little lackluster. I usually enjoy all the nice crunchy vegetables that are included and this one just included a few leaves of lettuce and some sprouts. Definitely not what I had hope for. The pork and shrimp were ok, but definitely not one of best bowls I've encountered. Since they are the closest pho place to work, I'll probably give them another shot, but I'll try their pho next time. The prices are a little on the high side, but I guess that's pretty typical for the Henderson area. For now, I can't give them much beyond three stars.
4	Really enjoy this place. This is my choice for best Pho spot in Vegas. Far better than the incredibly overrated Pho Kim Long on Spring Mt
4	This is the second closest Vietnamese restaurant to my locale, and is pretty much the only one I frequent if I'm close to home.Good food, quick prep, normal service.  Vietnamese places aren't renowned for stellar customer service, guys - it's nothing personal.  =PThey recently raised the prices so don't use the online menu if placing a to-go order... Grab one inside on the counter.  That's what I did.Their Thai tea is pretty darn good, surprisingly.  Sadly, no sauces included with noodle bowls... that's why I keep sriracha and hoisin at home.#71 with a fried egg = nomz.
4	Yum yum yum. This hits the spot when I need a pho fix. They make a great variety of things and they are all tasty
3	I've eaten here like 3 times already since i've moved from California. Living in cities like SD, LA, and the SF Bay Area where I would constantly find myself eating at Pho spots over a million times, I was a bit scared to see what Vegas would provide for my Pho cravings.So far I've stumbled upon this place and the Pho is ok. The broth has the usual flavor, but I think I've had more flavorful broths eating in spots like Pho Ca Dao in San Diego and Jasmin Garden in San Francisco. But I will say the large bowl of Pho can hit the spot when you have the craving.I have also had their wonton egg noodle soup. Pretty basic. Noodles have a soft texture and the wontons break a part easily--making it a pleasant experience eating together. I'm sad they didn't have the spicy chili oil sauce they have in some Vietnamese/Chinese spots.Their fresh spring rolls are good as well.In a way, I think their food is a tad bit over priced compared to some mom and pop Vietnamese restaurants I love going to in California, but ehh i'll get over it. Another thing is that they have a limit of $10 when using credit cards. Since sometimes I usual eat by myself for dinner, it's kind of annoying.So overall, the place is just OK in my book.
3	There are many-a pho restaurants that seem to be on every corner of Eastern and the 215.  My friend had heard that this was a decent spot for a bowl of pho and upon arrival I was happy to note that it was not too crowded.  Once we were seated, we ordered 2 small bowls... I can't recall the number, but it was with the rare flank steak.The bowls came out quickly and I requested some nuoc mam sauce and lettuce to put in my soup.  Our server brought back the sauce, but not the lettuce.  I guess it's my fault for not calling him back to the table... The taste of the soup was good.  Not the best pho I have ever eaten, but decent.The restaurant began to fill up for the lunch rush while we were eating, so I guess we got there just in time.  Our check was dropped off at the table without a word and since we had never been there we weren't really sure if we should go up to the register or wait.  We opted to walk up to the front, which seemed to be the right decision.  I then saw a sign that said Debit/Credit transactions must be over $10 and my soup was only around $7.  I expressed my concern and the lady and the register gruffly told me that I would have to add a tip... which of course I was intending on doing, but the tone and demeanor in which she said it was kind of off.  I'm not sure if I will return because I want to try out some other pho restaurants on that side of town.
4	The Pho here is pretty solid.  The service is fast and they are always nice.  I usually get the #14 small, which is the rare steak and tendon. YUM. This is a usual lunch spot for me and one of my dear friends.  She always orders a dish that is not Pho, surprisingly.  It's grilled lemongrass chicken with eggrolls served over noodles. It always looks amazing!Their eggrolls and spring rolls are both delicious!  This is also close to my house so that's a huge plus.
4	As a regular pho eater, I can say that pho is good here. (I am half Vietnamese and my mom is terrible at making pho so I often go out to eat it.)The noodles are a hit or miss and since I'm a big noodle eater, this matters to me. Sometimes they are soggy but sometimes they are perfect. Though the broth is consistent and is one of the best in Vegas, making this place one of the few solid pho places around Vegas. It is still not up to par with LA pho places, but as I have said in other reviews I have yet to eat at a pho place in Vegas that measures up.The only thing that is below average, even for an asian restaurant (which says a lot), is the service. I am used the okay service of asian restaurants where the waitresses are often overwhelmed with too many customers and often forget things and don't have enough time to give you a lot of time, so that doesn't bother me. What does bother me is when a worker is walking around like he has nothing and they purposely ignores you. I ordered a pho from one guy working there and never ended up getting my order. He even avoided me and purposely ignored me when I tried to catch his attention . Finally another server saw me and promptly got my order, at least she was very nice. I wish I could say that this only happened to me once (and I would be willing to overlook it since I come here often) but it was not the only time and he was not the only guy that did that.
4	Great, lunch or dinner. Comfortable room with minimal decor or distractions.  Rarely full so easy to bring families or groups without advance planning; it seems people don't know about the great food here. Lunch specials until 2pm and great selections on the menu. Best meal for the value.
5	The food is incredible. Best Vietnamese restaurant I have been to outside of San Francisco. Everything is fresh and the portions are generous. My favorite is the #12 and the vegetarian spring rolls. The service is fantastic. The manager came over and helped us decide what to order. Go here!!!!
4	I am a big Pho fan.  This place is kind of hidden in the back of a shopping complex, but it is worth finding.  The flavor is there and the serving size is pretty good.
3	Only got 3 stars because even tho the Pho was awesome, I ordered and paid for Spring Rolls, but when I got home they weren't in the bag :( I wasn't driving all the way back during rush hour to get them. Plus my Pho would get cold.   Next time I'll check the bag before I leave.
4	Korean noodles served up cheap and fast across from LVAC and BodyHeat. What more could you ask for? The perfect amount of spice in the BBQ pork meatballs and noodles, and if there isn't, there's always sriracha or chili paste. This place has an enormous menu for the trying, but the first thing I wanted, they were out of. Credit card minimum of $10 so make sure to bring cash.
5	Best Pho in Vegas now that the big pho shop at Spring Mountain and Decatur closed.I usually get chicken pho or the rare flank steak pho - it's kind of fun to get your bowl of pho full of rare beef and watch it finish cooking in the steaming broth.  I find the broth quite flavorful, but I also like to add squirts of lime, splash of rooster sauce, and sprigs of mint to kick it up a bit.  Even a "small" bowl will be plenty for you.  Noodles are plentiful and perfectly cooked.Service can be a bit sparse, but it's gotten better.  Also, the pho gets to your table FAST - so there's not a lot of coming and going to interrupt your dinner conversation, reading, etc.  Pleasant little dining room.
4	i love this place. i like it to go rather than eating it there. i like the white meat chicken noodle soup.
5	By far the best Pho in Vegas! I usually get the chicken pho, but switched it up to tofu recently. Either one is just as good. Fresh chili paste on tap is always a winner for me and the fresh spring rolls are awesome as well. Service isn't always the greatest, but I've seen improvement. A bit crowded, but not that big of a deal. There's something about being surrounded by others that just want to enjoy a warm bowl of soup, quite homey. I'll continue to come here for my Pho fix. I'm not a fan of experimenting once I'm convinced I have found the best!!
4	One of my favorite places!!!!
2	I guess it's little healthier soup base hence the blandness in flavor. rather go to Pho Thanh Huong on Tropicana or the other place down the street from this one. Little Saigon or the one over in china town even also called little siagon. more of the OC LS feel. I'm pretty glad I'm moving back on thursday, really miss good vietnamese food.
4	My Favorite Vegas Pho spot for Lunch w/ @I_Riddick
5	I'm not a big fan of pho, but this place really impressed me. Usually, I order the #55, and my boyfriend gets one of the soups. We eat here often.
5	We stopped here on our drive out of Vegas, and it was a great surprise. I ordered the pork and egg roll with noodles, and loved it. The price was great, too. Family of four ate for less than $30 - a steal in Vegas.
1	The service is mediocre and the pho is not bad . The meat in the pho was tough and hard to chew . My lil one ordered the BBQ chicken and it was delivered to us In a matter of minutes after ordering . After cutting into the chicken I realized that the chicken had been cooked earlier in the day or yesterday perhaps ( def not fresh) and reheated once we ordered . I asked the Waiter bout this and he informed me that " we cook the chicken half way and finish the cooking when ordered, otherwise it would take 30 min or so to cook". Now I know it doesn't take more then 5-7 min to cook a thin slice of chicken . The chicken is a direct reflection of how they run their kitchen . I've been eating vietnamese for a long time and I will never return to this place . The prices are a lil above the avg. for this food.
3	Had the chicken pho, fresh spring rolls and Thai tea. Broth was very good. Not too cinnamony like most places. Minus one star for not having any sandwhiches. I was really craving for binh ma... Also they didn't have the garlic chili sauce. Not sure if its usual to not have it but back home in Hawaii, we had it everywhere.
1	Services sucks, lack of ability to remembering my order twice now. How hard to remember a order of fresh spring rolls? Especially, it is only 5 steps between my table and server's ordering terminal station? There were total of three tables sitting including mine, and I was the only one doing the ordering! I was done eating my pho and waiting for my togo order.. nothing show.. I just got up to cashier ask for the check and inquire where was the togo order?? It turned out my Togo order was never placed as well. Food is not bad, services is pathetically bottom beyond piss poor.
3	Pho Saigon 8 is definitely our favorite Pho place off Eastern near the 215, but I know there has to be better out there. The broth is just OK, not salty/flavorful enough in my opinion. The amount of meat they put in each serving varies from visit to visit. The french bread is good, not great. Sometimes it seems extremely fresh and flaky, other times it seems old.Service is fast which should be standard at a pho place. Waiters are generally nice and quick to give refills or additional items. Overall, this is better than a few other Vegas places but I've definitely had better pho in other cities.
1	Not the best Pho place at all! I definitely would choose one in China town before this. But the food is decent, so if you don't want to deal with long lines or traffic it's okay. But personally I would rather deal with that and get great Pho at Pho Kim Long. This place also is not clean or nice at all! Pho Kim Longs IS the BEST Pho in town. Trust me, your mind will be blown if you think this place is & then go to Pho Kim Long.
4	I'm new to Vietnamese cuisine. I have been to a few spots in town & I must say the chicken pho was phenomenal! Lots of meat, veggies & awesome noodles. The broth was NOT salty, it was perfection. My mom tried the veggie pho with tofu, broccoli, bok choy, carrots & onions. She was in heaven. We also ordered tofu spring rolls.. Did not disappoint. I will definitely return.
4	We came on a Sunday evening and ordered1. #12 Pho tai chin, 8.05 Large 2. #60 Com ga roti, 8.05 for $20- Conveniently located right off the 215. - Legit Viet restaurant! Cramped seating. Waiter speaks Viet to take our order. Grandma serves us our meal. Pay at the cashier after you finish eating. The only thing missing is a sign that says cash only! haha! Love it! - Pho tai chin: noodle soup with rare eye round steak and well done lean meatSteaming hot when served. Broth was good, but average. I liked how the well done meat didn't have a lot of fat on it. Need more bean sprouts and cilantro. - Com ga roti: roasted Cornish hen, served with French rice or steamed rice, 8.05Delicious French rice. They made it crispy and dry enough where you can still taste the tomato paste and not soggy. The chicken was a bit burnt and quite small. They did give plenty of vegetable sides and broth side soup was a good compliment. Seems like the side soup is what they would use for their wanton soup. - Viets eat here so you know its good.- It takes hours to make the broth of pho bc you have to cook the bone. Just because its fast, doesn't mean its old. It's marinated. - Prices are cheaper than others in Henderson. I think this place gets mixed reviews since it's Henderson and expect American style service. - Similar to Spring Mountain
4	This is by far my favorite lunch place.  I love the soup - no matter what I have, it's always good!  It's a great comfort food, especially when the weather gets cold or rainy or if I'm feeling under the weather.  I start everything with an order of spring rolls, best shared with a friend.  So fresh!  Then order whatever soup that fancies me that day.  Make sure to order a SMALL because the LARGE is enough to share!  If I have room after eating all of that, I love to get a hot vietnamese coffee with that yummy cream.   So good!
5	friendly and attentive wait staff. food was pretty good and authentic, good location, i don't have to drive all the way to China town to eat, so it's a plus for me!
2	I always order #29 and it's really good but service sucks big time. I don't mind waiting if they're busy but it's the second time that a friend and I were kept waiting while another couple that walked in after we've been seating and ready to order, got not only their drinks first but also their food way ahead of us. Not cool. Not going back.
3	This is my go-to pho restaurant here in Henderson (for the record, I have not yet tried Pho Mai Lan down the street). As a Vietnamese girl who grew up in Orange County (the largest congregation of Vietnamese people outside of Vietnam), I can only give it 3 stars. The food is "good enough" to satisfy my cravings, but nowhere near the best or even mediocre Vietnamese food in SoCal. They have a really great variety so I can get pretty much anything I'm craving, and their Vietnamese iced coffee is really good (and properly served with a drip thing over a mug with condensed milk and a cup of ice). Yeah, the staff isn't super friendly, but that's how Vietnamese restaurants are, in my experience. They hussle you in and out and don't really come back to check on you - pretty standard. However, the one thing that's incredibly annoying is that they insist you order by the menu item # and when the food comes out, they say the menu item #. I have terrible memory, so I can never remember what number I ordered (I remember the name in Vietnamese because it's usually a staple that I order frequently).  They are really good about splitting the bill by item / person if you come here in groups as my friends and I frequently do. You just pay at the front and tell them what number dish you had. No credit cards under $10.
5	This place is has the best PHO in Henderson. Definitely a regular
4	This place is in a pretty modern strip mall, but as you walk into the restaurant you're taken back to 1978. They actually have wood paneling against the walls, and the paint color is totally retro. The place is big, so I would think it's good for large parties. We were there for take out. I made the mistake of not ordering in advance, so the wait was kinda annoying. Overall very good. Food made well and pretty tasty.
5	My favorite pho place. Egg rolls are amazing and my soup is always on point. My favorite place to go out to eat hands down.
1	Horrible service! They took my order incorrectly, we returned to pick up the correct order, no apology, no discount for us having to return back to their store a second time and they didn't even refund the order that we paid for that was incorrect in the first place! They have a bad attitude and horrible service!! Don't go here! There's another pho place right down the street in the same parking lot of inn and out and their service is sooooo much better!!!
2	I used to love this place. I've been here quite a few times over the past year or so. Quality has gone down and service always bad. I've yet to have my water refilled here, ever. You have to flag someone down if you want a to go box, extras, a napkin, anything. .. Sometimes I've been ignored. I went recently and the soup was cold, broth not as great as it's been and my meat looked old and had spots??? On it.... There was also something in identifiable in the soup. I always order the same kind so not sure what was up. I'm very disappointed and may just find a better place from now on.
4	The serving of food is amazing and the customer devices is great, always a great place for lunch or dinner- always leave with a doggie bag
1	Passing by this place to give it another try.. Not holding my hope up.. First thing walking into the restaurant, what's up with flickering lights? Are we in October hollowing hunted house already?Don't like hunted restaurant!!Services still poor, there are NO soup spoons on the table we were sitting at! I asked for it, of course, non came. I had to seek spoons from adjacent table! Then as we wait for waiter to get our orders, he expressed they had RUN out of basil for pho noodle soup!!! It is unheard of! Sounds like breakfast restaurant telling me they run of eggs and bacons at 06:00 AM as I just sit down in their restaurant.Then we were out of cold water, I asked for more water. It only took 10 minutes for the water made it to our table after 8 other tables got their fresh water refilled!?!? WTF!?!?Hunted restaurant!? No soup spoons, no waters, no basil for pho noodle soup!! Sorry, Pho Sai Gon 8 at Henderson, you fail again as customer services!
3	Pho Saigon 8 is alright. It's not bad but not amazing. It's right there dab in the middle It's like your usual pho place. It's located near 215 and S. Eastern near LVAC. Of the 3 or 4 other pho places in the area it's maybe my #2 or 3.  It shares the parking with a few businesses and it gets pretty busy during lunch so sometimes there aren't any parking right in front and you might have to park farther. Also getting in and out might take long.When I come here I usually get the pho with everything except the meatballs and tripe, just not a fan of it. I think it's the #21 on the menu rare eye round steak, flank, brisket, soft tendon, skirt flank. All of that with the various veggie ingredients and sauces makes a good meal very tasty.Services is usually good. It's cluttered near the entrance. Seat a good numbers of people. There's a sign that says $10 minimum for credit charges but noticed that they aren't always strict about that policy. I don't always like eating here cause sometimes it doesn't feel so clean.
4	Everytime I come here service is superb, food is great, location is near my home. When they get busy is when space is extremely limited.  Overall rating is 4 stars
2	I tried this place because it is close to my house, but I was very disappointed in the Pho Ga (chicken pho). The broth was suuuper weak, no flavor at all. I guess I'll have to trek my way to China Town to get some decent pho because I wouldn't waste my money on this place again.
4	This is my favorite place for pho thai. Staff is very friendly and serves quickly. Take out available and is packaged nicely.
4	Came late night for dinner and even though we were the last ones there the food was still great. We ordered the Saigon noodle soup (#51 I believe) and it had an amazing flavor. We also tried #53 the fried noodle with meat, seafood, and veggie and it was delicious. We had a good overall experience and the waitress was nice about suggesting certain popular dishes and her favorites.
3	Okay, this place is a little hated on, but I think it's a pretty good option if you are on this side of town.  The Bun Bo Hue is not the best I've had, but definitely is one that has the most meat/pork cake/pork hock, etc inside.  It could be a little spicier, but I don't think the broth is half bad.  The grilled chicken/egg roll vermicelli bowl is pretty tasty as well, the chicken is very tender and flavorful.  There are negatives to this place, it's kind of dirty and the service is pretty bad.  Also, I've only been there a few times but definitely some inconsistencies in the dish.  One time the vermicelli bowl came without any greens....and one time I just got the regular bean sprouts when usually it's a different dish for the bun bo hue.  So not the best, but not bad for being in this area.
5	I didn't get any headache after having their #72.  Usually I'll get a headache after consuming MSG.  The meat was soft and tender.  Vegetables are fresh.  Staffs are friendly.  I can't say anything bad about this place.
4	Yummy Pho for dinner is always yummy and healthy, no meat just noodle and soup with lots off green onions
4	We first walked in and they are not so welcoming, but we had to explain that we wanted to eat here, duh!!!!! After we sat down, they wanted to take our order 3 times immediately when we hadnt finished reading the book menu. Menu looks good so we ordered 2 Pho with rare beef/meat balls/brisket and lemongrass sliced beef plate. All were delicious especially the broth of the soup.After dinner we ordered  2 Vietnamese coffee: sweet and satisfying. Excellent Pho place during non busy hours of the gym nearby so you can find parking and have easy access and exit to this place.
4	I am constantly trying to find something that is closer to Henderson thank Pho Kim Long to satisfy my craving for Pho. This place did it for me. Thank god. Pho was great! Fresh, satisfying, and service was good. Even when we order to go, everything is packaged properly and ready fast. Happy Customer and will be back often!
3	Pretty solid pho spot. I always order the small #7, which is just pho with the rare flank. I get my pho pretty basic since I don't like all that meat. Their rice dishes are pretty solid too. The BBQ pork is really flavorful and tender, even when you eat it the next day as left overs. Not a huge fan of their service. The couple times I've been here, the servers speak little English. And when we went to go up and pay, the cashier asked what table were sitting in. Um, I didn't know that I was in charge of knowing my table #. I went there to have dinner, not get quizzed. Plus there were only 3 other tables that were occupied. Do you not know who is in your dining room?! Ok that's my rant. Otherwise I'll be back for more pho.
1	My wife and I were craving bun and our normal place Pho Mai Lan was closed for the evening. So we decided to go for it and give this place a shot.. Well.... It sure was a mistake! We walked in and they asked us how many. We told them two, and they walked us over to a table set down two glasses of water and walked away. Came back a minute later and set down two menus with our napkins on top, then walked away again. After about 5 minutes they come back over and ask us what we wanted. We hadn't decided just yet and we asked for another minute and the reply was, "Okay, just yell for me when your ready." And then she walked away. Okay?! By now they've lost any chance at a tip.So after we decided to get #'s 69 and 70 we looked around and they came over took our order and about 10 minutes later our food came out! It looked good! Well!.... It wasn't. It was a HUGE disappointment! The shrimp on both plates were dry like last weeks left overs that they nuked for a minute and tossed in our dish. Our pork was a little on the burn side and had a funk nasty after taste, but it wasn't terrible enough to not eat... And my roll was fairly uncomfortable to eat. We'd have to say the worst part was the fish sauce. That wasn't to great. So while we ate the atmosphere wasn't very inviting. The wait staff was talking on their phones while they were on speaker so we could hear all of their conversation. It was also not very welcoming when they would look at us hoping we would leave. All in all everything was terrible except their pricing was pretty fair.
5	Sooooooo good. I love this place. The pho is seriously the best. Please give this place a try. The lemon grass beef is awesome (#56). Just eat it.Onto the pho...... if you've come here and reviewed it as "not tasty" or "tasteless" then come on back and throw some sriracha in your soup. It's not needed though. The soup is fantastic. If you want some damn good Vietnamese food, this is the place. One last thing.... ALWAYS tip your server. Please. Understand that you're walking into a restaurant that serves food from a different culture. Enjoy!!
5	Fast service, always fresh food. Great value. I have a preference for the #15 Pho Tai Bo Vien. Noodle soup with rare eye round steak and beef meatballs. Not a salty broth like some Phos sometimes come.
1	I used to enjoy coming here, but today after I ate a couple pieces of my chicken from my dark meat chicken pho,and I told the waitress the soup was very salty, can I cxl it if it's possible, and she said"your ordered it and you already eat it, can't cxl it" really?????? She didn't even offer me and see if I want to exchange something else, what kind of service is that? Sometimes a good reputation and service is more important than the money !!!
5	Great food and fast service.  The food is healthy and the price is reasonable.
5	The best pho and ice tea in town. I love this place. And yes I'm very picky when it come to pho. Cause I rate all my life and pho is my favorite soup to eat. MUST TRY ;)
3	We use to frequent Pho Saigon 8 at least once a week for quite a few months. Now not as often, was just there on Sunday. They have the best broth in my opinion. And their egg rolls are the bomb! My kids and I loved them. I like their fresh spring rolls as well. Our only gripe is this... their service!. I wish they were a little more attentive to their customers. For a long time, we avoid going their. But for the broth and the convenience of their freeway access, we became accustomed to their service and just go for the food. But guess what, there are always new Pho places opening all the time, so my advice if you guys(owners/managers) are reading this is please be more attentive to your customers. I personally own a restaurant too. I am very forgiving but most people are not, if they are not in the business.
4	This place is always  busy but it beats driving all the way to Chinatown. Food is delicious  I like their  tendon and beef pho. I also order their small egg rolls with lettuce. Their combination  with noodles and shrimp is great. I just  wish they speak more  English.
4	Clean, no wait, fast food, large portions, good pho, no-English-no-nonsense. Exactly what you'd want the morning after a night filled with regrettable actions. Pretty window blinds (though I don't think that contributes to the ratings). Now if I could just locate Pho Saigon 1, Pho Saigon 2, Pho Saigon 3, Pho Saigon 4, Pho Saigon 5, Pho Saigon 6, and Pho Saigon 7...
3	My husband walked in and was seated immediately, which was pretty fast on a friday during lunch hour and it didn't take them long to take our order. My husband usually gets the pho with rare streak only and I like to get the Hu Tieu - dry with the cellophane noodles. So far so good but once we got our food it was a different story. Hubby's order was fine but mines came with soup. Not dry BUT with soup! So I made a complaint to our waiter (the only older man with glasses) and he said that I DID NOT order dry noodles. And I told him I did, my husband even heard my order. The waiter also said he can not change my order because I "didn't order it right". And basically blaming me because I didn't order it right. Ok fine, whatever I'll just eat it so he'll be quiet. I' m not the type to start any confict. I took the first bite and wasn't happy it wasn't the dry version. It tastes totally different and I didn't bother eating it again. Just when were about to leave to pay our bill, the waiter comes back and noticed i did not eat it and he offered to change my food. Seriously ? What happen to "I can't change your order?" Anyways, I wanted to see the manager after this but they supposedly don't have a manager. So I just told the lady who managed our bill what happened and she apologized for his service. She knew who I was complaining about and I didn't even have to point out who it was. She also offered to take my order off the bill and all we had to pay was for my husband's pho. So thank you for that. That is why today I gave it 3 stars if it wasn't for the lady upfront who helped us. It'll definitely be awhile before my husband and I come back here.
3	The food is good and they are very quick and friendlyOnly drawback, I don't know how many English speaking customers they get  here, but there it's usually not a member of the waitstaff who speaks any form of English. You usually have to point at the menu and hope for the best..
3	Good pho. I save a trip going to Spring Mountain when I was living in Silverado Ranch area.
5	A bowl of noodles as filling and satisfying as a Thanksgiving dinner!After spending 12 years living in Southeast Asia there is one simple meal that I miss most, a simple bowl of noodles.Pho Saigon 8 will be my local bowl for authentic Asian noodle soup. Their noodle soups are spot on.I had the Pho Tai Chin, rare and well cooked beef noodle soup. There are two size options, small or large for .50 cents more. The large double the size of the small and is helmet sized steaming bowl of satisfying noodle goodness. Before the soup arrives the server delivers the vegetable condiments that you can use to customize your bowl, don't be shy, add them all, the flavors and freshness they add lifts the noodles to a heavenly level. Also, don't forget to spice things up with a healthy squirt of Sriracha and a salty dose of hoisin sauce. There is also a wickedly delightful bowl of chili garlic sauce that adds a solid hit of heat, garlic and a touch of sour.The rare thin sliced beef sirloin rests on top of the perfectly cooked rice noodles. Once you stir the beef into the bowl, the rare beef becomes medium well in the steaming hot broth, tender, fresh - scrumptious.The depth of flavors is uber stimulating to the palate and the sheer volume of food is tummy satisfying. You may need a nap if you finish the whole bowl!My wife enjoyed the Hu tieu hay Mi Dac Biet (pork soup with seafood with egg noodles). She agreed, a fantastic, tasty, satisfying bowl of noodles. The egg noodles are thin and curly. She commented that the squid was fresh and cooked perfectly.For an authentic taste of Southeast Asia, Pho Saigon 8 can't be beat.Their menu is extensive and includes many other non-noodle dishes that we will certainly be returning to try. We just couldn't handle anything else on top of our hot tub sized bowl of noodles!Aloha!
4	My go to for Pho ! Great quality food + nice & fresh ! Best broth in my opinion.No AC last time I was there & it was unbearably hot inside. Table next to took food to go. That may have been a temporary thing I hope...
5	Pho' Saigon 8 is such a pleasantly wonderful surprise for me! My son and his beautiful girlfriend brought me here for lunch over Labor weekend. I have been back 3 more times this week with friends!!The soups are a rice noodle base with almost unlimited combo's, seriously! (Maybe 50 different combo's!) portion are great, the small is not small and the large could possibly feed a family of 4! JkAbsolutely love this place!! Get the today!! This is a great, fresh soup meal! You will be full on their soup, yes, on soup!
1	Came for good food, found out there's bug in soup!!!! I'm mortified and server asked if I want another one? I said from the same kitchen? No! Got up to leave and cashier told me I owe $20, I said why am I paying for food I didn't eat? There's bug in my food!!!  Don't go! Health warning!!!!
2	I guess I made a wrong choice today. If you can't make the food right, then shouldnt you only focus on what you are good at? Dont make a menu with 100 of choices and none of them taste good. (We ordered 5 differents food on the menu and all of them have weird taste)The service are amazingly awful. No greeting, no smiling, no customer interaction, Nothing. I paid not only for the food but also the service. If your foods aren't good enough. Make it up by the service.
4	The food is good for the price but the service this time was not so good. We waited over 5 minutes just to get menus and I had to raise my voice for some one to notice me and another patron who was already eating handed me a menu before the restaurant handed us menus. I hope the next time I go back the service is better.
2	I enjoy spring rolls and a bowl of pho every now and then. When I have the appetite for Vietnamese food, I just have to have it. The boyfriend phoned in a to-go order for me. We were told the food will be ready in 15 minutes. When we got there, we still had to wait.Pho Tai: Nothing exciting to write home about. It was ordinary and slighly saltier than normal. 2/5Spring Rolls:Teeny tiny rolls and they skimp on meat/shrimp. The peanut sauce is quite salty. 1/5Thai Iced Tea: Not the best place to get this from. It has a weird flavor and texture. 2/5There are other Vietnamese restaurants along Eastern Avenue. I'd recommend going somewhere else.
4	The pho and broth was exceptional and recommend number 18 for meat lovers. Disappointment was with the spring rolls and service, however the pho made up for all of that.
4	Food is pretty good. Always consistent.very fast service but the servers are not too friendly.
1	Rude ass mother fuckers here, if you like being treated like shit then you'll want to come here. Tried asking waitress questions about menu because it had been my first time & she acted like I was wasting her time. As well I ordered an ice tea, & never got it. Then they tried to bill me for that! The food isn't all that great either. I'm very upset with the way I was treated. They all need attitude checks. Litterarly felt like just because I was white they were rude as hell
4	Really good Pho! The Spring  Rolls were really good as a starter and you get plenty of food for the price. Nothing fancy but just good Pho.
5	This restaurant had great food and a clean, comfy environment. There were 30+ types of pho. I loved the vegetarian Vietnamese spring rolls with peanut sauce. I appreciated the sturdy armless chairs and sturdy tables as well. The servers were friendly and helpful. A+++
4	Great Pho! Actually hot like it's supposed to be (not like other local places where the beef doesn't even cook).
5	I don't know why this place only has 3 stars!?  The broth of the pho was de-lish!!The restaurant was very clean.  The service was fast and friendly.  I will definitely be back pho more!!
1	From the moment we walked in, we were told to seat ourselves at a table that was still dirty. The person that cleaned it didn't do such a hot job and never stocked the soup spoons or chopsticks. When we were seated the waitress came and took our order and within 5 minutes we had our pho. The pho was delicious, I can't complain about that but the service was awful. No one came to check on us throughout our meal, no one came to fill up our drinks or even give us napkins. We had to wait about 20 minutes to get someone's attention, when the guy came over I asked for two to-go containers and the check, the guy said ok and disappeared. Just to see him helping others and ignoring us....it was an additional 20 minutes until the waitress who helped us in the beginning came back and checked on us!!! Seriously!? She asked if we wanted water and if we were okay, an hour after she took our order...it's not a big place, it was a normal busy but come on! It's sad cause the food was good but customer service goes a long way.
4	This is a traditional Vietnamese restaurant where you'll need to seat yourself and pay at the register, so don't write a crappy review about waiting for your check or sitting at a dirty table. The food here is always fresh and consistently delicious. I suggest you try the crispy egg noodle plate along with a sweet iced coffee.
5	All i can say was DELICIOUS! i came in for lunch today with my parents 'cuz we were hungry for some viet food and it was perfect for a chilly noon time. I ordered the beef stew with french bread, crepe and egg roll for appetizer. They prolly have the best crepe and beef stew in town! And ooooohh goodnesssss the french bread was perfect!!!! It was hot, crunchy, and fluffy! From the first bite, it made me say "daammn" hahaha.. yes it is that delicious!! Also the crepe was perfectly cooked and very decent filling! I was really glad that it was not OILY! unlike the one at pho kim long it was soaking in oil (totally disgusting) but anyways the service was nice too! Fast and on point! So if you're looking for an authentic viet food in henderson this is a must go to place! And they also have another location at spring mtn. MUST TRY: beef stew with french bread/rice/noodles, crepe, and their viet hot coffee was delicious!
