1	NIce place (the inside is better than what the outside would imply)  ... VERY clean ... Pino the owner (from Italy) seems like he's always there and KNOWS his customers ... and comes off as a real nice guy ... but saddly I found that my Pepperoni Pizza had virtually zero flavor ... the pizza looked GREAT ... the crust was fine ... but I'm totally into sauce and there was no flavor to it ... bummer ... still have yet to find GREAT pizza in Phx :(
5	I love me some Pino's.  If you are star struck by local newscasters, you can almost always find one or two in Pino's.  Some are pretty FOXy. The spaghetti marinara is great!  But my fav is the pizza-- any kind. Strange hours, but that's an Italian for you (I am 1/2 Italian, so I am allowed to say this)
4	I love Pino's.  They have a stuffed veggie calzone thing that is really really tasty and if you are if you are in the mood for something lighter, the salads are actually quite good as well.  It's always super crowded at lunch but people cycle through pretty fast because everyone is in a rush to get back to work (this part of town is lawyer/business-type heavy).  Word of warning - cash only.  I don't have any funny stories about Pino's.  I wish I did.  As I am writing this review I am boring myself.  But what can I say?  It's consistently good and I am usually here with work people so I'm on good behavior.
5	I love this place. You can't get any better than a place that offers really good Italian food at great prices. I always have the pepperoni calzone that always leaves me feeling like I'm going to pop.This place doesn't try to be anything other than a great family run business. When you get there you can hear one of the owners in a heavy Italian accent yelling in the kitchen...it doesn't get any better. If you are near central and Thomas you have to try this place.  You won't leave disappointed!
4	Nice, simple pizza place on Thomas near Central...makes for a good lunch for those of us that work downtown and need to get out of the office occasionally for lunch. The inside is bigger than I thought it would be and it's very simple, which is fine.  There are a few tables outside as well.  The parking lot out front is TINY, but supposedly you can park around back as well. We parked in front of the CPA's office next door with no problems.Although I didn't see it advertised anywhere and it's not listed in the menu I took with me, you can buy pizza by the slice, which is very important for me to rate a place as a good pizza joint.  Secondly, my slice of cheese was under $2...another plus.  The slice was large, greasy without being too greasy, and had a healthy ratio of cheese to sauce.  I also ordered a caesar salad...it was large enough so that I could have ate just that for lunch. The only negative was that for the size of the salad, it didn't have enough dressing.  The speciality salad for the day looked delicious and my two co-workers who ordered it really enjoyed it.  For my salad, slice of cheese pizza, and soda, my bill was $10.Service was quick and Pino's offers call ahead and delivery for those that can't enjoy a leisurely lunch.
4	I love Pino's for both dinner and lunch. They operate as an order at the counter type of place at lunch, and then at dinner utilize waiter service. When I lived in the neighborhood, I used to eat 2-3 calzones a week here. They also feature a couple of specials every night, and you should definitely order whatever the special is. His New York Style Hamburger is nothing short of amazing. The parking situation sucks, as they only have about 6 spaces for a restaurant that gets busy every night of the week. They hours are lame as well, M-F 11-2 and 5-8.... Pino... you gotta stay up later! To sum it up, the food is incredible, and they have a nice little beer/wine list, but just be aware of the short hours, small parking lot, and no cash policy.
4	Pino's is a relatively new find for me, and I'm so glad my friend Brian was kind enough to suggest it for lunch one day.  The other reviewers are right about the parking situation - there's not much of it!  If you get there early enough, though, you won't have a problem.I'm a fan of simple pizza: not too much sauce, lots of cheese, and a great crust.  Pino's offers just that.  And even better, two people can go in, split a one-topping, 10" pizza and each enjoy a huge fountain drink for just over $12 total.  That's a great deal and will keep me returning time and again!
5	Pino's should be your stop if your not in brooklyn, or Italia.  His place has the best Italian Menu in town.  Italian owner Pino is always smiling and welcoming his second family, his guest.  The Menu definitely has it's New York flavor with just a simple folded paper with all the items.  His Pizza's are delicious try something different every time you will not be dissapointed.  One of Pino's specialty pizza's is the Pinos Pasta Pizza a very interesting pie that packs the carbs, but you will want it all the time.Calzones... What can I say about them?  I will put anyone up against Pino's!  His calzones are simply amazing.  You can mix and match them to your liking.  His ingredients are superb!  If you like Prosciutto Di Parma make sure its on your calzone with some tomatoes, fontina cheese and he will do the rest.I can talk about this place for hours.... I have been a longtime customer and Pino is working on helping me with my Italian after all the visits I have made.  Parking is tuff so be ready to walk.  His place is small and cozy he does have some servers that can occasionally need a kick but the food and some good wine will erase that thought pretty quickly. Buona Fortuna
4	Pinos restaurant is outstanding! I have only been there twice,  once to sit and  twice to get  take out dessert on my brithday, The second time the owner was kind enough to talk to me a long time about italy, his family, food etc. I always find that scores big points with me when the owner mingles with guests. The pizza is right up there with the few best places in Phx if you like Ny pizza( oil on top and all) I had a salad too. It came with fochaccia which I did not think was great,  but I  like the Garlic or Rosemary kind, so freepass there. TIRIMUSO- I have had it all over the world, since sadly I am addicted to the stuff, and this is one of the top two I have had. EXCELLENT! If I weren't in public I would have licked the plate clean.TEEHEEE- On my birthday I did lick the stryofoam container clean since I was in the privacy of my own home-teehee! The service is good here too.I went early so missed the crowd. ( Like 5pm on a weekday)  The man from France helped me on both occassions and he is very nice. It cracks me up, strikes me funny, that an Italian restaurant has a french waiter, I like that! Keep up the great job people of Pinos. YUMMY!
3	I stopped by Pinos today in hopes of trying it but to my dismay they do not take Visa unless the bill is over $25.00 bummer!!  So, one day when I happen to have cash will be the day I get to try it.
5	Found a new love at Pinos. Calzones  with the best Pepperoni in town. Love the Blue Cheese thrown in as well. Too bad your not onpen on weekends and why do you close sooooooooo early?
3	Pino's has good food but I only go when my coworker drags me there because, to be honest, it's kind of a pain in the butt. They only take cash unless your order is over $25, so you have to remember to stop by the bank first. They do have an ATM inside you can get cash from, but off course you're getting dinged with a service charge (and I imagine they're getting a cut of that).  Of course, the coworker dragged a group of us there two weeks ago and the ATM wouldn't work for two of our cards, so we had to bum cash from others in our group. Oh, and they charge for soda refills!
4	Delicious.  Best pizza in the neighborhood.  I like Bianco's just fine, but when I want take-out (and Pino's is actually open) this is the place.It's not cheap, but the quality of the food is supreme.  The antipasto was standout--several quality meats and cheeses and all the rest of the ingredients were unquestionably fresh.  My pizzas have always been perfection--a perfect medium-thin crust with tasty sauce and a compelling combo of cheeses I can't identify.  It's the kind of food you don't feel tempted to gorge on because each bite is savorable and satisfying.Be sure to call before you show up--their hours are minimalist.  Be prepared to park in one of the neighboring lots as there's not much space.  Bring cash.
5	We just had a great meal at Pino's.  For the last three weeks, they have been open 11 am-9 pm on Saturdays.  It sounds like they are trying to determine if there is enough business to open on Saturdays so this may change.  It is definitely worth giving them a call if you crave a great calzone one Saturday evening (pepperoni + meatball = pure goodness).
5	As a former New Yorker, I judge a pizzeria on its cheese slice,and Pino's is out of this world. Throw in the personalities of the owners, and this restaurant is a little taste of Brooklyn in an otherwise drab market.
4	I really appreciate having Pino's around the corner. Their pizza, sandwiches and plates are very good. I must state this: Their meatballs are to die for! Get 'em. They melt in your mouth. I'm also a big fan of their penne primavera. A wonderful combination of vegetables (Zucc, broc, and friends) in a nice sauce mixed with penne al dente. Pizza is reliably good. Though it is at a low volume, I'm not a fan of the music.Pino is always there. Say hi.
4	Excellent flavors, carefully crafted. Casual spot for very tasty Italian. --careful! kitchen closes at 8pm;--BEST tomato sauce I've had in a long time; cooked easy and not overdone, FULL of flavor;--high quality of vegetables shines through every dish;--salad mix is fresh and vibrant;--did I say FRESH?--new bright sign (see the picture) makes it easy to find.;--no fuss ambiance, come as you are, it's about the FOOD.Just a bit more about those tomatoes. Where DOES he get them? They burst with water like they do in Italy, not just chewy and pulpy like those (possibly genetically altered) waxy ones we get here.Only other comment is that the pasta is just a bit overcooked for my taste, prefer more al dente, but this could be the preparation to cater to the masses who would otherwise say it's not cooked enough.
2	I was referred to this place by a friendly diner at True.  She told me this was a delicious pizza.I'll tell you what sticks out in my mind: the owners are the ANGRIEST restaurant owners I think I've ever encountered.Angry at customers, at the world.  She is from hell, he's angrier than she is.  They close at 8pm so it isn't the hours.  But I'll tell you this: the pizza is fine, another $20 large pizza served by ANGRY, ANGRY transplants.I'm never going back so that now leaves me at least 3412 OTHER pizza joints I can go to that aren't angry with the world.
5	This is the best pizza place I've found in Phoenix so far.  Truly one of the must-trys.  I think they have a grandfathered brick oven?  Not sure if its a rumor or not...  but something makes their pizza delightful.  Very good New York style pizza!  I haven't been able to try anything else but judging from these reviews I really should..Oh, and did I mention?  Its like 3 bucks a slice!
4	Great neighborhood dining.  Pino really makes the place worth the visit.  His Southern Italian charm and care really shine in the way the food is prepared and guests are served.I recommend that you always review the daily specials before making a decision.  If there is nothing that meets your tastes then the following two dishes receive my personal guarantee.- Spaghetti Bolognese: Don't eat it all because it is better the next day.- Calzone: I defy you to find a better one in Phoenix.
4	I'll be brief:On the upside - Great ingredients. Great crust. Flavorful pepperonis. Awesome as cold leftover.Gooey cheeseKnife and fork NY pizzaClean dining areaFriendly staffDownside - Really greasy (had to de-grease with napkins)Plates at counter weren't all that clean - double check before you grab one.They should bring the pizzas out to you, but they don't.It's a little less expensive than Z Pizza just down the street, and it's better as well. I'm actually craving it again. Phoenix has some of the best pizza in the country - this place isn't the best in town, but it's another prime example of great Phoenix pizza joints.
4	This is a great place.  My favorite meal is cheese pizza with a glass of red wine.  Pino's get's is perfect everytime.  If you haven't been you should give it a try.
5	This is the Real Deal when it comes to pizza and calzones.  I loved the pizza at first but now I cannot get enough of the calzones.  The are huge and enough for two meals if you are a girl... men could probably finish the calazone in one sitting and feel more than satisfied.  I drive across town just to feel my craving.  The good thing is, it is inexpensive so that makes up for the gas money.  I'm hooked!
4	When I used to work across the street at St. Joe's, Pino's was the ultimate bad-day comfort food. Their Greek salad is humongous and amazing, with bursts of flavor from kalamata olives and feta. It's yummy with shredded pizza mozzarella on top too! The bread on the side is fresh and tasty. When I feel like a complete glutton, I go for the calzone, but be warned - it's about three meals' worth of food! The service is always good and everyone is super friendly. I'm not a huge fan of the pizza itself, but not because it's *bad", but because NY style isn't my bag. There's plenty of pasta and sandwiches available though, in addition to calzones and salads - so any discerning palate should be pleased! Oh, yeah - beer and wine only, and the hours can be a little sporadic.
5	Was greeted like "Family" the minute I opened the door with a hearty, enthusiastic welcome from I'm guessing the man himself Pino. What a hell of a guy! Super friendly. My pizza was fuhgetta 'bout it delicious and perfectly made. Extra thin crust was expertly charred with just the right amount of tangy, authentic, home-made sauce and really, really tasty combination of just enough cheese and toppings to satisfy but not choke. LOVE THIS PLACE, LOVE PINO, and LOVE THE PIZZA! Made me feel like we've known each other all of our lives! Grazie Pino!
4	I'm pretty sure it's more than just the red bricks and neon writing that just screams "comfort". After having a buddy recommend this place due to a raving review of a lamb dish, I finally decided to give it a try. When you walk in you can just smell the aroma of fresh marinara sauce. For me, that's always the first test - does the place have a good red sauce or not? Well after plowing through the linguini side that accompanied some of the best pork chops I've ever had, I can say "mamma Mia!!" (and not to Abba tunes mind you, more like to That's amore). The special that I chose was 2 pork chops in a gorgonzola cream sauce that I found greatly enjoyable. The pork was cooked thorougly, and still moist. I can also say that the otger staples are highly enjoyable - fresh mozzarella and meatballs get an A+, as well as some of the crispiest salad I've had in a long time (barring my weekly trips to the farmers market). Go and mangia!
5	We love this place! The meals are always consistent and yummy. We love the meatball dish as an appetizer. I am a sauce snob and let me tell you, this sauce makes me write home to Mama about it! The calazones and pizzas are fantastic. The crust is perfect, chewy and crispy right where it counts. Our favorite pizza is the vegetarian with chicken and kalamata olives. My mouth is watering and I'm trying to give my hubby to call in an order while I type. On top of it, the owner, wait staff and crew are incredibly nice. We take our two year old in with us and they are very nice to her! Try the tiramisu for dessert.  You will write gran-mama home about that one!  Yum.
3	So this place was one of the many here in downtown that was just super hyped up to me. First- I EXPECTED a pizza joint... not a restaurant. WAY underdressed, lemme tell ya! So maybe that just set me up all wrong. I didn't think the pizza was ALL that great. Not the incredible, gotta get it before it's gone, it's so worth the long lines (which there weren't).. mumbo jumbo I got. I will definitely go again (nicely dressed, and prepared for a restaurant), and perhaps I will have a better review. But as of now, it gets a 3..  I like the lack of servers though. I would have been really disappointed if I was all bum-lookin' and a server offered me a drink! lol Although I can see how that counter could be way over crowded at a busy time of day.
4	I ordered 4 pizzas from Pino's for a team holiday party.  Pino's answered the phone at 8:45am, took my order, gave me a total and then had the pizzas ready exactly at noon when I asked for them.  And the pizza was great!  12 people ate all but 1 pizza and then happily devoured the cold pizza for leftovers the next day!  Nice crust, fresh ingredients and good service.  I, and my colleagues will be back.
4	Pino's Pizza you are my new friend downtown.  This place is a traditional mom and pop Italian Pizza Place.  The Pizza is New York Style and is greasy bready flavor explosion delicious.  What surprising to me was how many other items they have on the menu such as pastas, and salads.  They also have dessert and a small but good wine and beer selection.  The prices are just right.  The large pizza is huge! They make it fresh with fresh ingredients.  The service was outstanding and friendly.  One thing I noticed was the owner was there and he knew the names of all his customers.  They have a lot of repeat customers which is makes you feel at home in this place.  I love it and you will too.
5	I love this place. The review about them being angry I've never seen. They were some of the nicest people I've met. When I said something about wanting more vegetarian options the reply was "we'll make it work! just let us know." There is no Alfredo on the menu, but the waiter guaranteed that it'd be no problem for them to make. The 4 formaggi pizza was fantastic. The spaghetti is great, so is the cal-zone. Everything on the menu is served with good sized portions, enough so that I have leftovers. Which is awesome as I am the queen of leftovers. I highly recommend this place and if you want something not on the menu ask, they are more than willing to accommodate.
4	I came here to meet some friends who were in the mood for real good pizza, and they heard this was the spot to go. Its a nice little place with good service, and the pizza I had was very good. My friends also got pizza with one of them getting Penne pasta. They all said the food was good as well. And I feel what I got for my money was very good deal.
5	As a native New Yorker, Pino's is a godsend in the heart of Phoenix. EXCELLENT New York Style Pizza. Period. To those yelpers who had a bad experience, go to New York sometime. You'll never survive.
4	I love this place! It's a small italian hide out. I have not tried the pizza yet, but man oh man the pasta dishes are good!! I have been to pino's a couple of time just to feed my addiction to there sauce! Very nice staff truly a feel good place!Update I have eaten here a dozen times and it is amazing every time!!!
5	Heavenly.Excellent Mom and Pop style restaurant.  Counter service is rarely friendly, almost always competent, and occasionally downright surly.  They have some funny rules about payment too, so be aware of this and if you'll be ordering less than $20 or so have cash.   Their Margherita pizza is incredible- and their sauce is sublime.  It is a simple clean tomato flavor with the lightest of additional seasoning.  The tastes stand on their own.The salads are excellent and oh so fresh.  They've had one on the temp menu for a while that includes fresh mozarella, artichoke hearts, and a variety of other goodies.  Yum!Parking is tight but you'll deal.
4	This was my first visit here and it felt like a neighborhood Italian pizzeria.  The staff is very friendly and well the best part the pizza was wonderful.  The crust was thin and the meats on the pizza were very flavorful.  I think we had ordered the meat lovers, and it had the perfect amount of sauce.  The order came out very quickly and the waiter was very attentive and even threw in a bit of cheesy humor for measure.  Parking might need some help, as it looks sparse, but I think its building specific.  I would love to come here again.
5	I never get bored of their spaghetti a la capri. I love the spaghetti here and also white wine. Another thing I love here is their bread and salad. I always go to Pino whenever we think about pasta and pizza.We found the BEST antipasto in town, like our waiter told us. This is a special menu and I would like to know when they will have it again.I never have any problems with paying for dinner. I use my credit card.
2	Not a fan of the sauce here, though I know people who swear by it.  Being this close to Z-Pizza, I've not stopped at Pino's for a slice in years.  I do, however, like their calzone's. Plenty of Fridays during Lent I've been satisfied by a massive cheese calzone from Pino's, but even then I didn't use the sauce.
4	While it's nearly next door to Z Pizza it couldn't be farther from what they offer.  The pizza is New York style and is a nice change from the anemic California style offered at Z Pizza.  They offer calzone and I'm a huge fan.
5	Everything is still great there AND- they've lightened up on the Debit thing- no more odd restrictions when you pay.  That's gotta be better for business all the way around.A few more tidbits o' info:  the sausage is homemade, so don't hesitate to get a sausage pizza; a slice of cheese pizza is sublime, needs no toppings at all; the 4-cheese pizza is dreamy, order one; try a pizza with pesto, mozarella and ricotta, you'll weep it's so good.  Cheese steak sandwich is worth a repeat visit as well.
4	I dig this place.  I have only ever eaten here for lunch, but I have been here a kabillion times, and I love it.  The only 2 negatives are the parking and the SEMI-cash-only situation.  Meaning, this place DOES take credit cards if your order is over $25!A lot of other Yelpers have complained that the male owner is a little rude, and his wife (I think?) is the other owner, and she has always been okay.  I guess I am from the east coast, so they seem totally fine to me, but I can see where AZ people think they're a little gruff.  Whatever... I am not paying them to be nice-- I am paying them to cook me some awesome grub.The best sandwich, to me, is the Italiano because it's the best prosciutto I have ever had.  The texture and quality makes it melt in your mouth.  Also, you can have this sandwich on focaccia (my friends usually choose this option) or the homemade Italian bread, which is my choice.  It's soft and that dusting of flour just makes me all Italo-happy.  It's served with uber-fresh basil as well.  There is a balsamic dressing that is usally served on top, but I ask for it on the side, as I don't like my bread to get mushy.  Finally, the sandwich is pretty big, so it's worth the $10.  (It's gotta be $10 worth of primo prosciutto alone!)The other key choice is the pizza.  I departed from my beloved Italiano one day (but only because I had already eaten it 2 days before) and ventured toward the pizza.  I am suprised to say that it's really great!  The crust is perfect, and it's just the right amount of doughy.My advice is to try it.  Get there at 11:30am or 1:00pm for lunch.  Carpool.  Bring cash.  Smell the air when you walk in.  Order the pizza.  Make plans to go back and try the Italiano.  ;)
4	I have already eaten here twice and loved both what my husband ordered (The Pene Bos), a pizza with lots of meat and my calzone made to my preference (I ordered a calzone with chicken cutlets and mushrooms).All of it was excellent and the price is very reasonable considering other Central Phoenix restaurants we have been to.  A calzone starts off at rouhghly $6.00 and the add ons are additional but very worth it.There is something addictive about the sauces they make, so just be warned.  You can't untaste the goodness of it.
4	Delicious thin crust pizza at reasonable prices. We had the carnivore, split  a salad and 2 glasses of wine for about $26. The wait staff is very friendly . We will definitely go back when we are in the neighborhood.
4	I never even knew this place existed, but stopped by with some friends last night. We had a great beet salad, and a white pizza with broccoli, red onion, and homemade sausage. The crust was fantastic. I'm a fan. I'll be back...one day.
4	Awesome stuffed pizza slices for lunch. For the price it doesn't get any better than this for lunch of your wanting Italian. Seriously rivals Cibo as far as small wait time and quality food. Today was my first time eating and I'm bummed I didn't know about it sooner.
5	You wouldn't believe it by the decor or the front. But the smell alone can capture you! We had the Pizza Bianco,  Greek salad and Penne Primevera. The only thing that stopped us from eating was being to full to order more. Nice and friendly too..
5	Mama Mia thats a good pizza! And I mean it!There are many places that seemed to be well liked on here for NY style pizza, but this one deserves a great rating.To start off I was encouraged they used the exact same pizza ovens as the places I like in NY, not some conveyor belt pizza over. The crust is tossed, not pressed, and well done is the way the pizza is done.From the online menu you may not know they sell pizza by the slice. Cheese slices are $2.50 + .50 per topping, but why mess with a good thing. Sicilian squares are $3.50 and stuffed pizza is $3.95The cheese slice was great, the crust was crisp, the cheese was rich yet done enough to have some of the oils separate, the sauce was flavorful and not sweet and there was a hint of basil.The Sicilian slice was great to with a true twice baked crust, and just more of all of the great flavors of the cheese slice.The stuffed veggie pizza was good two. Like a mini Calzone sans  cheese, the crust was crisp on the outside and moist on the inside the filling was subtle but fresh.Their menu also had pastas, salads and sandwitches. I must come back to try the pastas too. During lunch one orders at a counter and then picks up the food from the counter when your number is called.   Bottom line, great pizza with out the crazy waits or prices at other good pizza places in AZ.
5	Had the meat pizza last night and it was truly one of the best pizzas I've had in a long time.  The owner is always very welcoming and warm hearted!
4	I'm not the world's biggest Italian food fan. Mainly because most common establishments just up the tomato and call it pasta without being creative. I have to admit I never thought I'd ever step in this place either, let alone review it with four stars, but I am, and all thanks to a pasta loving friend and an indecisive day.My review is based solely on their pasta primavera, which, after trying for the first time, I went back on my own to have it again. Three more times. This is huge for me. The portion is perfect sized and the vegetables which is mainly squash heaven is just perfect. The bread that accompanies it is soft and flavorful also. It's truly the perfect dish for a non tomato/pasta lover like myself. The staff is really friendly and always strikes up a small conversation when I come in. The prices are reasonable and for the most part, it seems fairly empty every time I've stopped in. I don't typically crave pasta, but find myself craving this on occasion, which means it's top notch.
5	This is the pizza of my youth in upstate NY.  The margarita pizza is a home run -- crisp crust, zingy sauce and a perfect amount of sauce.
5	I just found my favorite pizza joint in Phoenix.  Without a doubt when my teeth sank into the awesome slice of Sicilian style pizza I knew I was coming back, and I was bringing more people with me.  I am at a loss for words when it comes to that 4 sided piece of heaven. The mix of chewy and hot, crunchy and smooth all mixed together in such a wonderful manner becomes the canvas of the artisan.  There are hundreds of ways to do pizza, and only a few ways to do it right.  These guys hit the target.  The crust was strong, the cheese was delightful, and the sauce supported its cast of sausage, pepperoni and spices like an oscar winner. For lunch I don't think this place has anyone in their league.  Quick service, solid menu, salads that make even this meat lover think twice about what to order; this place made us smile as our eyes wondered about the room seeing what others ordered taking mental notes for future visits.
3	I checked out one of the pasta dishes here for takeout last night. I went with the Spagheti al Capri (Basil, garlic and tomatoes). The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente and the toppings were great. The garlic oil and marinated tomatoes were a great addition. I also had a caesar salad, good stuff. Both came with super good fresh baked bread. All in all, a cool little spot. Next time I'll check out one of the pizzas.
3	I wouldn't recommend Pino's for weekday lunches.  The pizza is ok, but for some reason this place has not updated technology enough to accept credit/debit cards, which I think is unacceptable.  At night and on weekends, however, both the pizza and the service get better.  It's definitely worth trying.
5	The food is Amazzzing!!! the service is not. (Order ToGo)
5	I love this place but I've actually never tried the pizza. The salads are awesome!! The caprese is one of the best I've ever had, and I love the insalata italiana with gorgonzola. The penne primavera is so good too! P.S. They DO accept credit cards, just not American Express, which sucks because that is the credit card I have for my work so we don't come here nearly as often as I would like to. Also, I've only done take-out orders so I don't know about the service at lunchtime, however the parking situation is really bad!
5	Our favorite Italian in Phoenix. Love the family feel that Pino creates. We like the pizza but we never get it because we love the pasta! When they have the beet salad on special we get it too... Otherwise the ceasar is great.
3	I'm probably the last person that should be reviewing any pizza place here in AZ...I'm from Chicago, so I know what good pizza is.  Is it the best I've ever had?  Far from it.  Is this the best that I've had since I've been here?  Yes.  Maybe someday I'll find that delicious pizza that I miss so much.
4	Co-workers & I have been coming here on-and-off for years, & have never been disappointed. I had the chicken parm for the 1st time yesterday - an excellent sandwich that maintained its flavor when I took it back to the office. (Probably a bit less sauce & a bit more cheese than I'd prefer, but that's just my taste.)  I've had a couple salads & a few pizzas & have liked them all. We don't come here nearly as often as Z Pizza (which is a few doors down), primarily because of the credit card issue -- currently (for lunch at least) they don't accept cards under $10, and lots of people rarely carry cash anymore. (The policy has gotten better over the years.) Pino's also charges extra for pretty much everything - refills, sauce, etc. I can understand the policies - this is not a chain & as far as I know it's still locally owned, so they probably need to watch their bottom line. Still, the policies affect people's willingness to go there, which is a shame, because the food is great.  (Note: parking is tight in front but there's more in back.)
4	One of my favorite lunch spots in the downtown/uptown part of Phoenix. It's the classic family-run Italian restaurant with some of the best pizza around.Service is always friendly and prompt, which is no small feat at lunchtime, considering the place is typically packed. I think I've probably tried half of the menu, plus a number of the daily specials, and everything is consistently good. The New York style pizza (pick up, fold in half, go nuts) comes in large slices with generous amounts of toppings. As for pasta, I can honestly say that I don't believe I've ever had an overcooked dish here, which is not something I can say about most Italian food restaurants. The ravioli is very good, as is the tortellini (when it's on special). I'm also partial to their salads, which are quite large. Both the chicken caesar and the tuna salad contain ample amounts of meat, which I prefer.And if you want a great base for a sandwich, you can't get much better than their focaccia bread, which is soft and delicious.The one thing that does rankle me about Pino's, however, is that they now have a $10 minimum purchase for credit card payment. I understand their reasonings for the move (credit card fees can rack up in a hurry for small businesses and take larger than expected bites out of profit margins), but as someone who rarely carries cash and doesn't always order a lot of food, it is a bit of a pain.There also isn't much parking in front, but savvy patrons know to check the lot behind the restaurant and come in the back door.
3	Wow! Prices really increased!
3	Not bad, Not great. Two diners and we had a small 2 topping pizza and a meatball sub plus 2 sodas. Total -$25! Sandwich was very large with nicely melted cheese, but overall bland. Pizza about the same- nice texture but not awesome tastes. Pepperoni on pizza same little slices they use on Red Baron frozen pizzas. We might be back to try some other dishes.Pro:Nice staff.Good portionsCleanCons:Prices!Flavorless food
5	pmg, happened to be next door and was hungry... so i walk over and try their meatball sandwich.. wow the meatball sandwich is my favorite ever, bar none. love the meatballs, they are not dry and hard... just bursting with deliciousness. i highly recommend you give it a go. smiles to all.
5	so after driving by this spot a few times, I looked it up here, good reviews (expect for one guy bitching about how oily it was, and he looks like a complainer so I ignored him) I stopped in about an hour ago.I walk in and right away the girl at the counter greets me and is friendlyAs I am ordering, customers are walking out and Pino is asking them if everything was good and if they enjoyed it.More customers leave, and looks like the staff knows them by nameSO- this all set the bar highOrdered a margherita pizza, it was awesomeLooks like I finally found an my local pizza joint:D-will update as I try new things, but their sauce for spagetti smelled amazing!
5	To start everything is made from scratch and the bread and dough for the pizza are just a small offering in fresh items.  The daily specials that actually change daily show that Pino is in it to win it.  My family at party of eight had a wonderful night and all the food including the pizza carnivore (fresh made sausage), spaghetti and meatballs, chicken salad and  my mother asked if they could make chicken parm  (which is the best item they make) even though it is not on the menu and is usually a special for weekends.  Always a great place and as everyone else in their review has said Pino will come out to talk to you and the wait staff does remember and care about their job.  The food above all speaks for itself, go enjoy.
5	Nice friendly staff and awesome owner.  Been to all parts of Italy and I can honestly say, Pino truly brings that taste to Phoenix.
5	Now this is what I am talking about!I have been trying a lot of pizza places around this area. I just moved in to the neighborhood and have been missing my old areas pizza places. It's kinda sad the places I've found around here. Then, I met Pinos....Pinos, will you marry me! Wonderful pizza, delicious crust, great sauce! Oh my.I cannot wait to order again! Mwah Mwah, to you, Pinos.
4	Our go to pizza place when in Phoenix. Great pizza, Margarita is my favorite, and I love the deconstructed Greek salad. It is enough to share and each person gets to choose the toppings they love.
4	Pino's is the best pizza in Central Phoenix hands down.
4	I'm fairly new to town, and have been looking for a great pie in the central valley since arriving.  This is by far the best tasting pizza I've had so far.  I called in, and the guys were very helpful when handling my menuless call.    Upon arriving, they had my pizza ready and were very friendly.  I took it to go and was eager to try it because it smelled heavenly.  I tried the margerita and found it to be oh, so good. I found the ingredients to be of excellent quality.  Delicious cheese, fresh basil, and firm (i.e. not slimy) tomatoes.  The crust was just right- a yeasty, crispy, tender-chewy kind of yum.  Mmmmm...  I savored my slice like it was the last pizza on earth.  Thanks Pinos!  To hell with the bad reviews, your pizza rocks!
5	This is definitely one of Phoenix's dirty little secrets!  An amazing pizza place in the middle of town.  There are other "big" names in the area, but in my opinion the biggest name of them all is Pino's.  This place is absolutely amazing.  Some friends of ours introduced us a few months ago and we have become quick fans of this great restaurant.  You may ask, 'Bryan, what should I have?' and I say... EVERYTHING.  Especially if it has a crust.  OH MY the crust!!!!  Pasta pizza?  Don't knock it until you have tried it!On top of the amazing food, the Pino's crew are fantastic.  They are real service oriented people who are passionate about the quality of their food.  When you are downtown and you are hungry for something amazing, check out Pino's, you will not be disappointed.
5	Great, GREAT Italian food!  The bolognese is by far the best I've ever had.  Their pizzas are super yummy too.  So are the salads...and the specials.  It's ALL GOOD.  The waitstaff are really friendly and efficient too.  I just love coming here for the food and the atomosphere.  I'll be back again and again and again...
5	It was Friday and we didn't feel like going out.  Pizza you say?  Great, let's either fly to Chicago or get it delivered.  Been searching for good pizza since we moved to midtown.  We decided to try something new ... Pino's came to mind because of all the great reviews on Yelp.  I called and they told me they don't deliver after 2:00 p.m.  : (So I folded and said OK we'll pick it up.  In a nutshell OUR PIZZA WAS AWESOME!  Now I know why they don't deliver after 2:00 p.m. (they don't have to).  We ordered sausage and mushroom pizza.  So good.  Crust was incredible.  I can't wait to eat the leftovers.  Parking can be an issue but it wasn't that bad once you know the drill.  I'll be seeing you again soon Pino.  You're my new best friend.
5	I feel like I write too many five star reviews, but then I usually only review places I really like, and I really like Pino's.  I also really like Pino, the person.  i met him before I had his pizza, since I run into him at Lux some mornings while I'm having coffee.  Pino really couldn't be a nicer person, and for that reason alone I would patronize his business.  But the pizza....There's a lot of pizza in the valley, and I would dare to say there's a lot of good pizza in the valley, but when I say "pizza," my family immediately begins to salivate and we all say Pino's at the same time.  I would guess there are at least fifty places to eat pizza between Pino's and my house, but I don't even bother because I know it would be disappointing by comparison.We always have the same two things.  A giant cheese pizza and a big house salad.  it's enough to feed three skinny people with slices left over for the next day.  I once ate the rest of the pizza there, but I was both sick and happy at the same time.  I can't speak for any of the other food there and will never be able to since I will ALWAYS order his fabulous pizza.  I've been to Italy on several occasions and his pizza is just as good as any I had there.  Of course, Pino is from the old country, so he brings that love for good food with him.  I'm not sure why I'm writing this review at 11:30pm, since they are closed and now I really want a slice.  Why does Pino have to sleep?
5	Man, where to begin? First off I will start by saying that you should not be put off by the service staff initially, they are all quirky and unique which sometimes gets misinterpreted, especially when you are used to robot waiters. With that being said, pretty much anything you get from here is amazing. I usually get the pizza Margherita, which is simple, just cheese, sauce, and basil leaves (yum!). The crust comes out nice and crispy but still slightly malleable, so when you pick up a slice it holds its own weight until the very tip drips down with oodles of cheese going everywhere, the slice is begging to be devoured! If I'm not in the mood for margherita, I'll grab a sicillian slice, and WOW talk about next level awesome sicillian. You are lucky if you ever taste anything like this in your existence. If I don't want pizza period...then I'll go with the spaghetti and meat sauce, or the pasta primavera. Also if you get a chance, Pino is a really awesome dude too, probably one of the nicest guys I've met, I'm not sure if he actually remembers who I am when I come in, but he definitely greets me like he does :) and also he is extremely passionate about his food, and because of that he gets the 5 star rating.
3	I've been going to Pino's for about 10 years. The food is good, but not as amazing as some reviews would indicate. It's New York style pizza, btw, not Roman style. Mamma Mia's has better NY style and Pizza A Metro has better Roman style, but Pino's is good. The food is on the expensive side for what you get and they nickle and dime you on everything, I mean EVERYTHING. Extra sauce, dressing, red peppers, even paper plates and forks for to go orders incur a charge. And the staff is usually on the rude side. Not quirky as one reviewer said, but just plain rude. One time they messed up my order and actually point blank refused to make me a new pizza. We ordered a large number of pizzas at work on two seperate occassions and both times they were very late delivering and not apologetic. My boss has since forbidden us to order from them. But if I'm in the mood for their brand of NY style pizza I will stop in occasionally and usually am happy with what I get.  Just be prepared to pay and get less than friendly service.
4	Great pizza good food. dinner service is fabulous with great wait staff. Lunch is good to the only negative is the charge for refills. But that doesn't stop me from coming back
2	I had the Spaghetti alla Capri, it could of been better.my husband had Pizza with sausage and mushroom he said it was good
5	Outstanding Italian!  Great specials every day.  Flat out a can't beat place!
5	For the value and quality of the food, this place has to get 5 stars.   It isn't a high end place, but the 10+ times I have been there, the food has been excellent.  Salads are big, pizza is crunchy and chewy, and the sandwiches are great.  Even the pastas are excellent.  The service isn't particularly fast, but for pizza by the slice, I think this is the best I have had in the Valley.
5	Love Pino's!! best Pizza, best bread, best salads :)
5	Been coming to Pino's for years. Pizzas are always good, Calzones are amazing, and I love their sandwiches for lunch. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	This is truly the best place in the city for New York-style pizza.  The staff is always friendly too, and they have good salads and bread if you aren't there for the pizza.  But trust me, you WANT the pizza!
4	For you East Coasters, the slices of cheese pizza remind me of Papa Gino's! I do not usually get the traditional Italian food here because I am getting lunch and fear a food coma afterwards, but the slices of pizza and salad are excellent, and the portions are large. The used to not take credit cards, but that since has changed.
4	I went here tonight with my mom after much deliberation of where to get pizza. I am so glad I did! This place is too cute and very homey. Our waiter was helpful and honestly seemed to love the restaurant and the food. I had the pasta pizza....yes...you heard me right....pasta on a pizza! Not good for my diet, but VERY good for my taste buds. The pizza has penne pasta, marinara, delicious roasted garlic, and ricotta cheese. It was soooo good. My mom had the caprese pasta and really loved her food too. She said 'this is the best pasta I have ever had.' The best part? The whole meal was 20$ and I have half a pizza left over for tomorrow....awesome!
5	Pino Martino owner of Pino's Pizza al Centro, immigrated to Phoenix from Basilicata, Italy approximately 30 years ago. Pino's specializes in Italian and New York pies with their signature thin crust. He also offers delicious specialty pizzas. Pizza is available by the pie or by the slice. It's the perfect spot for lunch or dinner. If you prefer an authentic calzone, Pino's is the place to get one. In all his dishes, Chef Martino uses only the best and freshest ingredients. He makes his own sausage and never uses the likes of canned tomato sauce or puree.If you prefer a sandwich or a salad, you'll find a nice variety to choose from. I especially like the caprese made of fresh mozzarella and basil. The thought of the Italiano panini made with Pino's home made Italian dressing and imported prosciutto, makes my mouth water.Chef Martino, himself, is always in the kitchen. If you go when it's not meal time, he might even have a moment to stop by your table and tell you some true tales of Italy. I LOVE Pinos!
5	Awesome pizza. I wasn't expecting it to be good. It's the best in Phoenix!
4	How to roll at Pino's.Pino's is one those increasingly rare environs in the USA, a no frills family owned restaurant. First time diners may occasionally get a dose of family dynamic's that don't fit there ethic's or social graces. Hence the occasional negative review. Few people these days understand what it means to work sun up to sun down 6 days a week to make a living. This is the reality of a family restaurant ... you can't always be at your best. I myself have never witnessed any odd behavior, and Pino is the nicest guy you'll ever meet, as is his night time wait staff. Like many Pizzaria's in the New York area, Pino's is  a cafeteria style high volume take out environment M-F for lunch. Learn the ropes to get feed at rush hour or .. No Soup for You!  Ok I'm just having fun here but you get the idea. Afternoons are slower but I usually avoid that time period because of the limited menu. Evening's are when you want to visit for a true Pino's Al Centro experience. 5-8 PM. My friend Matt is a regular over here and lets just say the man can eat. Though him I have learned what can really come out of this kitchen, yes some real 5 star specials. Though him I also learned of the "Italian Style" Margarita Pizza ... this thing is off the charts, I actually dream of eating this pie. A super huge funky shaped pizza with a super thin crust ... bubbling with gooey goodness ... Oh Baby Baby. Unfortunately its not on the menu. I myself only get one 50% of the time, and never through the wait staff although they say no problem, a "regular" Margarita Pizza always shows up. (Still very good but not the madman).  My only success is to ask Pino's directly, an if he's busy its not going to happen. The only reason I am sharing this is because if enough of you ask, just maybe, "the italian pie" becomes a permanent feature on the evening menu. My best success is Saturday's around lunch time when it's slow.Pino's Al Centro is a 30 mile drive for me but I stop in every chance I get. Homemade everything, quality ingredients, straight forward Italian Food. Everything on the menu is a solid 4 star,  a real comfortable family style restaurant with great service and affordable pricing. What's not to like."Buon appetito"
5	Love love love the Quattro pizza.  The daily specials are always amazing and the owner is a genuine great guy!!   Take the time to chat with him if he is not too busy.Signed,Jan and Tracy-The Vespa couple
3	The sandwich was huge, but I'm not into the quantity over quality places.
5	This place is one of the best pizza places in AZ!  If you haven't been here.... try it you won't be disappointed.
5	Went here today for lunch after not being here in like 15-20 years.  This place has been around awhile just like Johnny's Red Hots and First Watch.  Others in the area are mostly new-comers and chains.  Pino's was great then and still is! The front parking was full as were most of the tables with local business people, firemen, cops, etc.  I ordered a couple of slices, one cheese, one with pepperoni and black olives.  They were both fantastic.  The crust was delicious and the flavor of the sauce and the pepperoni was outstanding.  I'm not sure what the previous reviewer Kris M was talking about.  This place is authentic.  The place Kris refers to a couple of buildings down (Z-pizza) is not.   Don't get me wrong - Z has it's place but anyone over the age of 14 knows the difference between authentic Italian and a funky California based chain.  As for the pepperoni, they use an authentic aged and cured pepperoni, not some packaged and processed American version of pepperoni.And as for Kris M making fun of the name, IT'S THE GUY'S NAME!!  Seriously, how immature are you to make fun of someone's name???  It's a common Italian fist name.  Grow up!!Like the previous reviewer said - try them yourselves!  If you're looking for authentic Italian, you won't be disappointed!
4	I was craving a good Italian style pizza & found it at Pino's! Roland was our waiter and he was great. Attentive even when busy. The Caprese salad was phenomenal and the calzone lived up to the reviews. Great find! Nothing fancy but great food.
5	Pino's might be the best pizza I have ever had... Thin, crispy crust with small pepperoni's, and light sauce. Not sure how else to describe it, you just have to go and taste it.  Pino and the other employee's are always very nice.For me, it beats anything else in the area easily.
5	Just like pizza out of new jersey
4	Love the pizza here!  This place would get 5 stars, except you have to beg for napkins at this place.  They give you 1 napkin (pizza is greasy), and if you go up to the counter, they have them behind the counter so you have to wait for someone at the other end of the counter to come down to get you more than 1 napkin.  Pretty lame.  I guess napkins are expensive now???
3	So, just admitting, I believe there are only two types of pizza, good and bad.  It's pizza. This is good pizza, great for the brown bag crowd. Quick, cost effective. Ordered the meat pizza, which had three types of meat, the slice was huge. One slice and I was very content. Side issue: I ordered the ice tea, lemons were out in a tin box and flies were all over them. boo.
5	We eat here once a month or more. It's a hidden gem. Maybe it's the parking, but this place should be jammed given the value. I go for the Caesar every time, because I've not found better in Phoenix. Valentinos in Santa Monica would not be a stretch comparison. My luv adores the lasagna which is a sometimes special. The pie says Brooklyn, especially the Quattro formmagi. His specials, especially seafood, and Roast pork offerings are sublime values. Get there and save Pino, who is a great host, who remembers his patrons, from the pile of anonymous pizza purveyors
2	I co-worker challenged me to a pizza taste test.  Their choice for favorite is Pino's, so we went there today.  I ordered two slices of cheese pizza, since that is the fair way to sample!The pizza is not bad, but not as good as I like.  You order at the counter, and when your number is called you go pick up your food, so there is no table service.  You lose me when you do not do free drink refills...this is AZ.  They charge .81 for a diet coke refill!The parking lot was difficult to navigate, and we almost got hit by someone when we were leaving.Several customers were coming up to the counter looking for missing food.  It looked like one table was given free cannolli when their order took especially long.  Ours came out quickly enough, and was accurate.
5	The best Italian around.....service matches the food.....an incredible find!!!
5	Excellent Pizza and fantastic salad, loved this local place. I highly recommend this place! Very friendly people, I will be back when back in town.
2	After our first choice for Pizza turned out to be unfortunately very closed, we decided to head up the street to give this place a shot.  Possibly because it is located a couple miles down the street, this place always seems to be mentioned along with Pizza A Metro, so obviously I was more than willing to give Pino's a shot.What unfolded was a very average experience.  None of the pies looked particularly interesting; I went with the vegetarian.  It was basically a step above a Barro's supreme pizza as far as toppings are concerned.  The crust was better than what you would get at a pizza chain, but it was a little harder than it should be, and somewhat lacking in flavor.Nothing seems particularly bad, just underwhelming.  Not to mention, it cost almost $20 for a pizza and a drink.  A little steep for that neighborhood, I think.It's really difficult to justify ever going back here when Pizza A Metro is just down the street.
1	how in the WORLD does this place get a 5???  Like a good little planner, I called 30 minutes ahead of my intended pick up time, it was after all 1pm I thought maybe there'd be a lingering lunch crowd so I wanted to give them ample time. Arrived to an almost full parking lot so I thought wow I'm glad I called it in. well there are no rewards here for that! Upon entering, what seemed to be the assistant manager or at least the alpha of the cashiers told me to 'step aside over here' because I was a pick up. Then in the next moment she says oh actually go ahead & get in line. I look to my right & see a line of, not making this up, no less than 13 people. Excuse me??? I said, isn't this why you call in an order, to avoid this? to which she said "well we just want to make it fair". Whaaaattt????? oh i'm sorry i didn't know this was the USSR bread line version of pizza joints. maybe they should call this place Politically Correct Pizza, instead of Pino's Pizza. In economic times like these, you are just plain stupid if your company misses the customer service beat. I will NEVER go back to this place. Now, you're probably wondering, but what the pizza good? tasted like a rubbery triscuit & $23 for 2 truly small pizzas (smalls at other joints are not THIS small, geesh). their crust is absolutely horrible, it's a painful ripoff of cibo or bianco but doesn't even come close! what a trainwreck.....
5	I've been here multiple times over the last 2 years and I've never really been let down. The food is always nothing short of amazing! The service is a hit or miss. I've had great service some visits and not so great service at other times. All in all I highly recommend Pino's Pizza Al Centro. Hands down some of the best pizza I've had in the southwest.
5	Ordered takeout for the first time last night: Spaghetti Marinara for the kiddo, and a meat lover's pizza for the adults. It's probably the best pizza crust that I have tasted in the Valley. Lightly sauced, great cheese, what a wonderful tasting pizza. The marinara sauce was amazing...they definitely have some talent in the kitchen.
3	Stopped here on a Saturday early afternoon, because someone had recommended it to me. We split a meatball parm hero, and a slice of cheese pizza. Everything was fairly good. In fairness, I bet the pizza is better freshly made than reheated, so I do plan to go to try. I am really interested in trying some pasta dishes and definitely the lasagna. The place was completely dead when we were there, but it sounds like this place does most of its business with the office lunch crowd.  Plus we were there at a late lunch hour for a Saturday. So no big shock. We talked to Pino for a bit.  He is a very nice man. He is from south of Naples, and he has that European spirit to him. He speaks passionately about his ingredients, about Italy and so on. If I had just gotten this same food delivered, I am not sure if I would make a point to be back soon. But knowing more about the ingredients he uses, and his variety of dishes, I am looking forward to going back and trying other things including a freshly made pizza.
5	What can I say this is the absolute best Italian food. I am talking everything from the pizza on up. I highly recommend this awesome place to everyone.
5	Pino's is by far my favorite pizza in Phoenix!  I actually haven't gotten past the pizza but other people I've dined with have and said the rest of the menu is good too.  But the pizza is amazing!!! I recommend Pino's to all my friends.
5	This is not your normal pizza place.  DELICIOUS!  I would pit this place against a 5 star Italian place the chef is obviously a top chef.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food they serve.   The pepperoni pizza was great, Caesar salad was delicious and the mixed green with house balsamic was amazing.  The pan roasted salmonbwas fantastic.   The pasta with marinara was very authentic and the portions were huge.  We were just passing by Phoenix and were so lucky to meet up with  some friends here. The tiramisu was top notch.  Lots of cream yet light and fluffy. I would come back in a heartbeat.
1	This was by far the greasiest pizza I've ever come across in my life. The grease is literally pooled onto the slices of pizza.Given that this restaurant has a four star rating I would assume the other food is pretty good, but I will not be returning to find out. Not recommended for anyone that is into Midwestern pizza.
5	Although labeled as a "pizza" place, this is one of the best rounded Italian restaurants in downtown.The pizza is great here, but it doesn't stop there.  With calzones, pasta, sandwiches, salads and desserts, there is something good here for everyone.Pizza is available by the slice in both thin crust and Sicilian, however I prefer my pizza fresh, so I order a 10" for myself.  My favorites are the Bianca, and the Carnivori.The sandwiches are large, and enough for even the hungriest of men, but I suggest having it on the homemade focaccia bread.The salads are huge and big enough for sharing or you'll have some to save for later.Parking can be an issue here with only a few spots out front...But us regulars know about the hidden spots in the alley behind the building...
4	I tried the pasta, and am updating my review to reflect that I like this place better now.  I guess their salads just aren't my thing.  The pasta was so much better!  I ordered the penne primavera.  At first I was hesitant to eat what the menu described as a "pink cream sauce" but it turned out to be delicious.  The pasta came with lots of veggies that appeared to have been stir fried (maybe?).  There was broccoli, zucchini, cauliflower, and mushrooms.  If I come back, I will definitely order that dish again!but the parking situation is still terrible.  I discovered they do have a few additional spots behind their restaurant, but it's pretty scary navigating that alley back there with cars coming and going in both directions as well as people taking out the trash.  you just have to go veeerrry slowly and carefully.
5	BEST PIZZA IN AZ BY FAR. TOP FIVE IN US FOR SURE!!!  Great spot to grab a pie.  I travel all the way from Peoria once a week to get one.  Chances are u will run in to local athletes or local celebrity's. pino him self is a very nice genuine guy that clearly loves what he does.
5	Far and away the best pizza in Phoenix, and this Jersey boy has tried them all.Pino's Quatro is an absolute delight! It's so good that I rarely have anything else. What I have sampled of their menu, like the pizza, is authentic and delicious. Salad's have been crisp and plentiful.The crust is impeccable. Thin yet chewy, crisp enough to hold up under their generous toppings. By the slice or by the pie, it's absolutely fantastic.Yes, they have a tiny parking lot and I believe operate on a "Cash Only" basis (there is an ATM in the restaurant). Don't let this disuade you, or send you to one of the other local "pizza" shops. If you want the real deal, Pino's is the place.
2	Sigh, so much for my favorite pizza place.  I'm not sure if the place changed hands, I didn't see Pino when I went last night.  The service was very slow and the pizza was so disappointing.  I used to love this place and now I'm not even sure the pizza's average.
2	My husband and I used to frequent this place whenever we felt like going out to dinner. The pizza isn't the best in town, but we were fond of the service and neighborhood-y atmosphere (friendly, casual). The last 4 times we've been there over the past few months, the service has been actually awful. Once we had a new waitress, who said it was her first day as a waitress, for which I felt bad because...why wasn't anyone training her?! Last time, the waitress was actually rude, and barely checked on us, even though we would have ordered more if she had. Her loss, Pino's loss.Used to feel like an old friend. Sadly, no more. Not sure we'll ever go back, because you want to feel welcome when you frequent a place.If you do go, I recommend a plain cheese or quattro fromaggi pizza or the lasagna, which is often on special. Oh, they used to serve budweiser (regular, not light) in frosted glasses, and there was something old fashioned and delicious in it, but they don't seem to do that anymore either. There is also one great Italian waiter, but we never get him anymore. I guess we're not good enough to get real waiters?? Ha.
4	Great Italian cuisine. The place has an great atmosphere, nothing fancy, they'd rather focus on the tasty food instead. We had a lovely waiter from France, that did everything he could to make this a great first time experience at Pino's. I had one of the best lasagnas I've ever had.
5	The pizza here is top notch. I have tried several of their pizzas and all have been really good. I had a pepperoni, sausage, roasted sweet pepper and garlic pizza last night, it was really good. I have also had the white pizza and the carnivori.They make a really good authentic Italian pizza. Try it, you will not be disappointed!
5	Big fan of the penne primavera! Delicious pasta if you are in the mood do Italian food! The pizza is always extremely good! We prefer their margarita pizza. Wouldn't recommend ordering sausage on the pizza though..
5	God, Pino's is good. East coast approved! My favorite pizza in Phoenix by far. Try their bruschetta and pasta bolognese and thank me later.
5	Great pizza! Crust is airy and crisp... Oh, so tasty! Seem to use high quality ingredients. This is hands-down my favorite pizza in Phoenix. I always seem to crave Pino's on Sundays, so I find myself frustrated that they are closed. Dear Pino's,We know you need a day to yourself, but please, please, PLEASE... stay open on Sundays!
5	Excellent food.  I eat here regularly and have for about ten years.  The food and service are excellent.  The environment is awesome and the staff always has a great attitude.
3	The food here is ok.
