5	Do you know what the nation's largest municipal park is? NYCs Central Park you say? Not even close. How about the largest city park in the WORLD? Why, boys and girls, it's right here in Phoenix.South Mt. Park is a great place to hike. If you've never been you simply must go. Most visitors head to the summit for the views but I prefer following the trails along the washes, where you find lusher vegetation and often wildlife such as rabbits and birds. Oh, and rattlesnakes...My kids' favorite South Mt. hike is the politically incorrectly-named Fat Man's Pass. To get there, take the Hidden Valley trail on the eastern side of the Buena Vista parking area. After about 1.5 miles of hiking you will come to a sign post, and directly past that you'll see the Pass. True to its name, the passage narrows to about one foot wide at its tightest section. Think of it as a test of just how closely you've stuck to those New Year's resolutions...
5	I finally made it to the top.  I live 10-15 min away and appreciate it from here, have referred other folks to check it out, but have never even driven up there until today. So beautiful!  It only takes one or two turns to feel like you are in a whole new place. No more cookie cutter houses.  No more liquor stores.  No more Walgreen's/CVS on every corner - though I'm sure they're working on it.  We drove straight to the top of the summit peak not too long before sunset.  It was originally our plan to stay for sunset, but with the crowd there on a Saturday we decided to save that for a weeknight because we didn't want to deal with those tiny curving "edge of the mountain" roads with 50 other cars.  Even if you aren't up for a hike, just driving up and walking around is really beautiful. Listening to others conversations there were out of towners, university students and folks from about 5 to 85.  The view of the valley from there was really amazing.  It looks so small and yet so amazingly big all at the same time.  Everyone who lives in Phoenix should make the pilgrimage.  Especially those who don't quite appreciate it yet. You'll never see another view quite like it.
5	A lovely drive up and a fantastic city view from the top of the mountain.  Great hiking trails.  The visitors center is excellent and even offers a super-easy 1/4 mile "hike" over flat ground to some real petroglyphs carved into the mountain rock a long long long time ago.  Great place to go exploring, to get away, and to bring out-of-towners!
5	South Mountain is absolutely beautiful, with a variety of trails over hills and through washes.  Parking is under-abundant and can be problematic.
5	Whether it's a breathtaking view of the city, a romantic sunset view, or a healthy hike, South Park Park is the place to be.  As a visitor from California, the landscaping here is just beautiful.  It's free and best of all, even if it's 100 degrees here, because of the low humidity, it feels like high 80s California weather!I highly recommend coming here for a visit either early in the morning for a healthy cool hike or for a spectacular sunset/city view in the evening.  Bring lots of water, a good pair of walking shoes, and sunblock.  I highly suggest a GPS and camera, too!  :)
5	South Mountain is a great place for a nice hike within the Phoenix metro limits. Remember your location if you are disappointed by the fact that many hikes intersect with roads and that Phoenix is almost always in view. This is one thing Phoenix has done right. A 10-15 minute drive from my apartment and I can observe several types of cacti, and maybe even some desert creatures. There's usually a nice breeze blowing from the peaks, and looking out away from the city gives one gorgeous views of the southern metro farmlands and beyond. Although I like to take my time hiking, South Mountain gives you the opportunity for a full hike including transit there and back in about two-and-a-half hours. It's a really good introduction to the desert for anyone visiting town, and there are various types of trail suitable to both those in shape and those not so much.
5	South Mountain Park is awesome! Great hiking and mountain bike trails. I've hiked just about every marked trail and many that aren't.Hidden Valley (Fat Man's Pass) is probably the most interesting as a nice diversion off the National Trail. In the winter, I hike quite a bit in the western part of the park and rarely see people which can be nice if you are looking for quiet.Telegraph Pass is a favorite from the south while the Central Avenue or 24th street locations are most popular from the North. The busiest parking lot and a great place to people watch as well is the entrance from 48th street to the east.
3	Uh-oh. Where am I? The view from atop the mountain is superb. The city can be seen in all directions. Look, there's Downtown 1 and Downtown 2. And a bunch of houses under construction. And look at that sky. Wowza. Ok, so stopping to enjoy the view is one thing. Stopping to figure out where the hell you are is another. "Don't worry," I told my friend. "This city is laid out in a grid. If anything, we can walk down the other side of the mountain and cut back across on the street." Oh, little did I know. Let me give you the back story. I've been to South Mountain twice. The first time was Christmas Eve 2006 when hardly a soul could be found. I met a friend there and we blazed our own trail. He always had his jeep in sight, so no harm in getting turned around. I trusted him to be my guide. The second and last time I hiked South Mountain was in February. My best friend flew in to Phoenix for the weekend (for my birthday) and since the weather was so great (in comparison to Detroit), she wanted to be out in the sun as much as possible. No problem. I knew where we could go for a good hike. Little did I know we'd get lost. We parked at the 24th St. entrance and picked our path, the Mormon Trail. We were on our way to discovering religion, we joked, passing by several other hikers. When we reached a recognizable summit, we stopped to appreciate the view... and then ponder our location. Should we turn around and go back the way we came? Were we still on the Mormon Trail? Where were the markers, the loops, the signs from God? We looked at each other, each of us having a take-no-prisoners personality when it comes to conquering great piles of rock. "Onward!" we shouted, punching the air with our fists. A little while later, we were once again stopped, our eye squinting against the retiring sun. I wouldn't call us "lost," as this point in time, but that's only because I'm too stubborn to admit such an error. "Let's ask somebody," I suggested. So, the next hiker dude that passed by, we stopped to ask him, "Will this trail loop back around?" "Where do you want to go?" he asked. That's when I realized we had tied our tennis shoes tight only to march into a rocky labyrinth. I told him where we parked and he said it was a good 2 hour hike back to our car, yet about another mile or two to the 48th St. entrance. Oh, no problem, I thought, since the city was laid out like a grid. Little did I know there are exceptions to that. We pressed on, thanking our impromptu guide friend. We hiked and hiked and hiked, passing by fellow hikers and mountain bikers. Finally, the trail opened up to flat land. We were close, or so we thought. When we reached the end of the trail, there was no parking lot and no street connecting us to where we needed to go. Instead, there was a long gravel road that weaved itself through a golf course. W.T.F.We set out to walk the long gravel road until we hit Baseline, in which we were determined to cut back Westward and find my car, the only way we had of getting anywhere. The sun was setting. We had no time to waste. Having hiked about 15 miles already, our feet were heavy, like cinder blocks. But, we continued on. "Let's hitch a ride," I suggested. People were gathering in their wonderful Ford pick-up trucks and jeeps. Hikers are friendly, I thought; somebody was bound to accept our plea for help. We opted to just do this ourselves. That's when a car slowed down. "Ugh, creep," I thought. Instead, it was our helpful hiker friend from the summit. He asked if we needed a ride. My best friend and I exchanged glances. I thought, "We can take him." After a 70-second long pause, we accepted. She hopped in back and I rode shot gun, leaving my seat-belt off and the door unlocked, in case of a speedy getaway. We chit chatted on the drive down the road, which lead to another road, and then another and another, until we finally touched Baseline. Where the hell were we? That's when it hit us. We would have been walking another 7 miles on foot back to my car. All these windy, disjointed roads. Damn golf course. Damn South Mountain. Damn unmarked trails. It should change its name to the Moron Trail, for we just blazed it enthusiastically. The kind hiker man dropped us off at my car and drove away. With a sigh large enough to blanket the skyline, we unlocked my car, got inside and drove away - away from South Mountain, nature's beast and practical joker. We counted the miles and the minutes it would have taken us to get back to my car. Another hour, at least. The sun would have set by then and we would have missed our dinner engagement. Lucky for us, we stopped the right hiker friend at the right moment; otherwise, I may never have made it home to write this review.
4	Since moving to Arizona this fall, I decided that I should be more outdoorsy, especially as AZ boasts to have over 300 days of sunshine a year.  My idea of roughing it is staying at a Super 8 Motel, so hiking seems as outdoorsy as my husband can get me right now.  So far, we've been to South Mountain Park twice to hike.  Now, I won't say that I'm becoming one with nature quite yet, but I actually enjoy myself when we are out hiking! I like South Mountain Park because there are quite a few trails to pick from, and they range from easy to difficult, so there is something for every level of fitness.  We've hiked Beverly Canyon, which is an easy to moderate trail. Nothing super special about it.  There is parking at the trailhead (44th Street south of Baseline), although the parking lot is not super big.  It was definitely a good first trail to break me in to South Mountain.On Christmas afternoon, we took our dog and hiked the Mormon Trail.  There is a nice size parking lot available at the trailhead (24th Street and Valley View, which is south of Baseline).  What we thought was going to be about an hour and twenty-ish minute adventure turned into two and a half hours! So, when you get to the top of the Mormon Trail, there is an option to take the Mormon Loop. But, beware, this is not a loop! Eventually, the Mormon Loop deadends and you have to get on the National Trail for a while until you meet back up with the Mormon Trail.  Despite the adventure, it was a great hike and definitely by the end I was sore and tired.  The views were nice and I definitely can't believe places exist like South Mountain and Camelback here in a metropolis area like Phoenix.  I do prefer the views at Camelback more though.Next time we go to South Mountain, we are definitely printing out one of the maps so we don't get confused like we did yesterday!
5	In the evening the view from South Mountain's lookout is an amazing, surreal scene -- Much better than that big ol' hole up north... an endless, dreamy sea of lights that completely surrounds you...I have been taking visitors here for almost 20-years, and it never fails to awe and inspire them. I am surprised at how many people (who live here) have not yet had the pleasure.It's well worth the drive, and it will give you yet another excuse to dine downtown.Drive south on Central Ave and bam you're there... The park is open till 10pm.
4	This has been my sanctuary for the last five- years I have lived in Phoenix.  Whenever I need to burn some extra calories, think about life, escape from the concrete, or contemplate a major decision, I head for the hills! I love to hike and having trails so near is pretty much incomparable.  It's hard to decide what my favorite part of this massive desert mountain preserve  might be, the accessibility, the low low cost of nothing (that's right gratis), or the reward of looking out over our beloved city (and the lovely layer of smog on a nice day) when you make it to the top...The Alta trail is my favorite, mostly because the mountain bikers can't do this trail and it's really only worthy by foot.  Meaning that you don't have to worry that some spandex might run you over at any second, you can be one with nature, deep in thought and not hear the whiz of the spokes coming up behind you.  Also due to one of the roads being blocked off 95% of the time, you have to walk a half-mile to get to the trail head.  For those that don't like a little extra exercise this could be an inconvenience, for me it's a filter.  Not too many people end up on the trail, I usually pass one or two at the most.  Now that is serenity...!This park serves many other purposes beyond a typical hiker like myself, such as: horseback riding, festivals, motor-cross, mountain biking, grills & picnic tables, and you can even catch some vendors up on top if you're just there for a drive! Advice: To stay safe always let someone know where you are headed, this is the desert and it can be dangerous! I've seen coyotes a couple of times, which are harmless, but there are also rattle snakes, and an intense heat that should not be taken lightly...Bring lots of water and be prepared for little shade...I have had a couple of accidents with my dog involving paws and cacti :( she survived but it wasn't pretty...Have fun!
5	Definitely one of the best places the valley has to offer. The park itself is so close to everything, yet it is huge. You can get a good hike/workout in and be back home in time to hit the pool.The layout of the park is pretty easy, and it would be hard to get lost if you are hiking one of the established trails. Having hiked most of the central and eastern sides of south mountain I can unequivocally state that there are trails for all abilities. And your dogs will love it too as long as you keep them out of the jumping chollas. Watch out for rattle snakes when the weather warms up. I have not seen too many, but they are out there.
4	South Mountain rules. I live on Central and Dobbins and can walk from my house down Central to the mountain. There are hundreds of trails from (I've been on them from 48th Street to 59th avenue) and the views are spectacular.  It can get a little packed ont he weekends, but not if you know where to go and stay off the main popular trails (Mormon and National)..
4	South Mountain is the place for a hiker to visit when he/she doesn't want to deal with the headaches and the mass of humanity that are Camelback and Piestawa.  Granted, there are reasons for their popularity, and no, South Mountain isn't really on their level as far as personal challenge or scenic masterpieces go, but its a very solid alternative for a weekend hike when you know that the line of cars for parking is stretched a mile long in central/north Phoenix.My gf and I usually hike the Alta trail, which is a progressively steep trail up to the peak, but still a manageable grade in slope that you will never have to use your hands to ascend or descend.  It takes about an hour and 15 mins to go up and down the mountain, and the view of SoPho, Downtown, Glendale, and Tempe are killer.  Its a great place to snap a few pics of the enormous city below.  Typically, we will run into one or two hikers maximum on this hike, which pretty cool for some solitary reflection.  Lately, I've taken up bringing my iPod along, as there is nothing quite like descending the valley into the park amongst massive mountains with Band of Horses or The National narrating your steps musically.  Breath taking.
4	I live by it, i hike on it, i look at it, i enjoy it. South mountain is DA SHIT! Largest inner city park in USA. Provides killer views of the city. Shields Ahwatukee from crap. What else does one want?"I like"Why 4 stars? Alright, it could be prettier, that is why. Happy now?
4	So I finally made it to the Mormon Trail (off 24th and Baseline).  As others have said, there is little traffic here compared to Camelback mountain and I understand why.  There are more trails to choose from, and it's not nearly the challenge Camelback is for instance.  But it's a nice alternative if you want to beat the crowd.  It was moderately difficult at some points, but I'm not sure if it was the trail itself that was moderately difficult or the fact that the sun was beating down my neck with no shade to escape and absolutely no breeze whatsoever.  The attack of flies probably didn't help either!  I don't think you are going to catch a lot of wind any time you're on the outskirts of the mountain looking toward the city so my only sensible suggestion would be to go early early early! It's dog friendly if you bring enough water.  The view of the city is pretty spectacular and it's very deserty.  Look out for Gilo Monsters, they like to watch you themselves.  :) I like camelback better but this was 'nice'.
4	What a great park. We really enjoyed this mountain area. This was both my boyfriend and my first time in the Phoenix area. We drove up to the summit and loved the views from the top. Neither of us had ever really experienced big cacti up close and personal and really enjoyed hiking around and looking at the beautiful scenery. Now, if we had only been able to find The Farm...we drove around forever looking for this restaurant area...oh well.
2	The drive up the mountain was narrow and dizzying. Will never go back here again because after the twists and turns of the drive, that are sharp, by the way, I was so dizzy and sick to my stomach. I almost wanted to paraglide back down because I was dreading the drive down the mountain. Mt. Lemmon in Tucson is much better. The views weren't that great either at South Montain. Waste of time. The directions online were confusing too. The road that it tells you to turn on is closed!!!! It is free though, so that was the good part.
3	After living in Flagstaff for 7 years, I guess I became somewhat of a snob of trails.  But it's kinda close to my house and the view is decent. Too many people for my style usually.  But I did do some trail maintenance on SM with VOAZ which was pretty cool.  See pic.
4	Spent a few hours here today (Thursday 11/6).  Nice drive up to the summit, with a few stops here and there hoping to find some trails.  I knew there were many, but I only stumbled on a handful.  This public park is supposedly the largest in the world, yet it can't afford to mark its trailheads?  I was expecting to find trailhead signs just like those I encountered at the Grand Canyon, but no.  Just have to stumble upon them somehow.  Drives up and down were cool, if a little hairy- my brain kept stimulating my vagal nerves to fire signals up and down the backs of my glutes and leg muscles.  Normally, these are unwelcome sensations, but they actually kept me from feeling some of the discomfort caused by lunch (cross-reference Gallagher's)!  LOL.  I'll be back very soon.  Would be nice to visit in the spring and see some wildflowers along with the cacti.
3	South Mountain Park is one of the largest City Parks in the country!  There is hiking available, mountain biking, some climbing/bouldering, paragliding, etc.  If you thought Echo Canyon had a lot of people roaming around, wait until you drive here!  It is worth the effort though.  Two years ago I watched a storm roll into the Valley with lightning at sunset, would not recommend it, but it was amazing (of course to get a better view I continued hiking up to the ridge!)
4	A short drive past South Mtn Park front gates and your in a runner's dream. Streets closed off to bikers and runners alone, endless mountains and trails that wind through beautiful desert. We managed to get in a 9 miler and loved the single track and the elevation changes the entire way through. We took a trail to a cliff overlooking all of Phoenix, breathtaking. One star removed for sparse water and restrooms. Happy trails.
5	I love South Mountain...   okay lover moment aside...What do you want to do?-- Hike? cool tons of trails for ya from easy to hard...-- Bike? road or mountain, we got both for ya.  Mtn goes from flat very fast trails to very very technical XC rides to some killer downhill/vert stuff.  Road has great views and one sunday/mo they shut road down to motors so get a wide open road all to yourself-- Views?  heck yes, you'll have to hike a bit if you want distance but if you're looking for nature - tons here and plenty of places to get away from ppl traffic also to have a very quiet place to sit and think.Funny thing about South... is it seems almost everybody has their own favorite place to go while there.  The low flat trails get a little busy but that's easy stuff, if you want to be alone work a little bit and you get away from 95% of the traffic. Everybody seems to have a "secret" spot too they like to hike and get away... I've got one that my buddy and I know of that when we get up there... there's a point at which we keep going and we've only seen like 2 other ppl go that far back into the canyons... so it's always a very peaceful run and can even look down onto the main trails and watch people down there too.South is great... I need to mess around more on the west side of the mountain but I live in Ahwatukee so I'm on the east side and just ride over there.They do close some of the lesser known trails from time to time to get the wildlife back in and get some growth back in, and other than once getting lost on a close trail I've never had issues.The park rangers I've met there are always nice, always asking how the trails were and making sure ppl are safe.Probably not the smartest idea, but I love to run when there's a storm rolling in... just love going out there and thinking and being alone...
4	south mountain is THE place to go for great views and gorgeous trails.ive never actually hiked the mountain, just driven up it. my friend and i have found a sick smoke spot, so listen up all you tokers to share in the most wonderful secret the mountain has to offer for the best sunset views- take central up the mountain and into the park and follow the signs towards the summit. when you get close to the top (its a long way up and a nifty drive) follow the signs to dobbins lookout. as soon as you get to dobbins lookout, park your car, and walk back down the road from which you came. walk down on the other side of the guard rail and it will take you to a secluded mountain drop off point where youre free to enjoy the most amazing view of phoenix you'll ever get. and a perfect place to smoke a beezy and take it all in.south mountain makes living in AZ cool.
5	This is one of Phoenix' most notable geologic features, and is also the world's largest municipal park. You can hike, bike, go horseback riding and more, or just drive up to the top. The city looks peaceful from atop the peak and you may see the Valley's beauty and vast size from that vantage point. After a long, winding, dizzying drive to the top you'll find a rugged parking area and the spectacular view can't be missed. As a warning, the drive to the top can be a bit intimidating and unnerving, considering the blind turns and steep drops. However the splendor at the top is worth the trip. If you're comfortable driving down in the dark, you can watch the city transform from daylight to darkness, all while watching a famed Arizona sunset from the mountain peak, seeing spectacular, fiery colors color the sky to the west, while cooler dark hues slowly creep over the city from east-to-west.
3	I was super excited to go to South Mountain Park because:A: it's really close to where I liveB: it had all these great reviewsC: I wanted to start hiking and I thought this was a great place to startD: my roommates had a map of the park on the fridge about the various trails, so I felt like I knew where to go/what to do So I put in the address from Yelp into the GPS, and I passed by a ranger station, but once I passed that I didn't really see any other parking lots to pull into. I didn't see an area and kept driving up the mountain. Finally, we reached a lot, and found where a trail started. It just seemed more difficult that I thought it would be. I would try going again, but alas summer is here.
4	The drive to the top is really fun, and the view is worth it.I really enjoyed it here, but there's too much freakin broken glass on any of the trails down near the main shade/view structure that you should realy avoid it if you have your dogs with you and stick to the more wilderness areas.30 other reviews = TLDR (i just learned that one, see how I'm applying) so I'd rather be brief and useful than wordy and redundant.I did read Chuck R's review, and I have to say, I wish I knew more of the nooks and crannys that you do, but I can tell you that if you want to explore the Western reaches of the park, do so by starting in the center or east, and not to bother with approaching from the West side of the mountain range itself.  All you'll find out there is a bunch of paranoid, possesive property owners who didn't stop to think that if they chose to own a home on a ribbon of private land that surrounds public land and restricts the public from getting to their public land, then they'll have to endure a little bit of traffic from said public.  Here's a clue for any of those property owners, whether you're on South Mountain, Piestewa, wherever....the guy sneaking around is the one you call the cops on for being a suspicious trespasser, not the guy driving a family suv with 2 dogs in the back, who calls you from the street as he sees you in your driveway so he can ask directions on how to get to the park entrance so he doesn't have to bother you nice people in the residential neighborhood anymore driving around here.    ah, duh.
4	Drove to the top today and it was well worth it.  New to town so it was nice to get a "bird's eye view" of our new city.Didn't hike it yet, since it's the middle of July and we don't want heat stroke- I think that will be a winter excursion.Must see!
4	I can't believe everyone is talking about driving up to the summit.Get up off your lazy ass and hike it!!  It is possible to get up there using your own to two feet...well, maybe not during the summer...but it's totally worth it.I'm taking off a star because I think the trail is difficult to follow towards the top and I've gotten lost several times.  And getting lost in the mountains with no cell phone coverage gives me a panic attack.  They also have silent sundays where they close off the road to the summit to vehicle traffic.  Bicylists love it.  I tried to walk it once, but I got more mean comments from cyclists in a few hours than I had in the entire previous year.  Apparently, I didn't know I was supposed to walk the shoulder of the road.  So from now on, I'll stick to hiking the mountain trail and enjoy beautiful mother nature..
5	If you do drive it, you can make it all the way to mcdowell coming down w/o hitting the gas once at night.Silent Sundays!  They shut the road down to cars so bring your skateboard/bike/radio flyer wagon and roll it.BRING WATER.  I never unserstood how people live in the desert and then end up stuck on a mountain dehydrated with heat stroke.  News flash, its hot and dry here.  Come prepared.   This mountain has probably the best views of the city and some really cool trails.  If you are gonna drive it make sure to fill your tank up because while it takes nothing to get down it youll go thru a half tank getting up it :)
5	Touted as the world's largest municipal park.  It was AWESOME.  The view from 2,300 ft elevation was spectacular!  We drove as oppose to hiking up (due to time constrants), the roads were winding and narrow, so had to be careful.  It is worth the trip.
4	Great hike with your dog!Took my 6 yr old dog for her first mountain hike and she kicked ass!We hiked the south side of the mountain up to the stone hut at the top. Great views to be had and really reminds you of how lucky you are to live in such a great city!
4	Silent Sunday is my favorite day of any month!  What a great idea!  We ran the 5.5 miles from the parking lot up to Dobbins Point on the paved road, and love the comradery of everyone out being active and enjoying the day.  The 5.5 miles down was definitely the best part though - but watch out for the bikes and skate boarders!The only disappointment is all the broken glass beer bottles on the side of the road....I wish people would take care of their parks.
5	Went here at sunset, was cool to see. A good place to relax.
5	I recently moved to South Phoenix and have explored a few of the SM trails with my dogs. I've found that the trails are very sparsely populated on week nights, but weekends bring tons of traffic. Mormon trail has become my favorite, and I hike it 2 to 3 times a week. It's the most easily accessible trail (from Baseline, turn South on 24th street and it meanders to the trial's generous parking lot). The trail inclines right from the beginning, and there are very few flat parts. It's a GREAT cardio workout. The first several times I had to take a few breaks to catch my breath. It takes about 30 minutes (1 mile) to get to the part that loops to the National trail, which is where I turn around. There is usually a fair amount of traffic but everyone is super friendly. Kiwanis trail is lovely (accessed via Central, followed signs). It's in a "crack" between two hills, making it almost completely shaded, ideal in the summer. The shade also facilitates different plant life than on other trails. It ends with a "staircase" that would be great training for hiking the Canyon. It leads to the road that goes up to the top of the mountain. If you cross the road, you connect with Telegraph pass on the left, or you can hike to the hut on the right. I did Holbert Trail on Silent Sunday (access via activity center). It was packed, and we were constantly passing unleashed dogs, unicyclists, large families leisurely strolling, etc. We hiked about an hour up and reached a lovely summit. The trail itself was beautiful and somewhat challenging, but I would not recommend on a weekend if serenity is what you seek. Ranger trail is my favorite so far (access near Central/ mile marker 1). The views around sunset are amazing, and the switchbacks get your heart pumping, and really motivate you to see what's around the next corner. I walked Las Lomitas Loop (accessed where it intersected Ranger) for about an hour, and never found where it loops to. It was ok, lots of up and down rocky river banks, but doesn't vary much in elevation or go up the mountain (that I saw, anyway) so the views aren't as good as other trails. In February I hiked Alta trail. My first attempt I made it about 45 minutes up and didn't feel well and turned around. My second attempt I was eager to hike the whole thing, which is 4.5 miles! Including the .5 mile walk from the parking lot and up the closed road to the trail head, it was ten miles total. The first part is kind of boring and barren, but once you get to the top you can see the city on one side and the res on the other side. The trail wanders up and down and up and winds around the mountain side. I was thankful that I brought plenty of water and my headlamp as I hiked out in the dark. I was super sore but also super proud at this accomplishment. All of the trails are fairly well marked, well maintained, and often cross a road or two so it never feels remote (for a single woman, this is a benefit). Visit for maps and info: http://phoenix.gov/parks/hiksogud.html
5	This is the largest urban park. Moreover, that urban part is great because I am 10-30 minutes from three major trailhead areas. For hiking I like many points of entry, one of my favorites is telegraph pass, this is on the south side of the mountain. A new recently remolded parking lot is found on desert foothills parkway. There is a paved path that is about 1/2 a mile and at its end Telegraph pass is to the left and Desert classic is to the right.Telegraph pass grows in steepness towards the top where there are some larger stairs. At the top, there is a bench and you can then continue on National trail. If you head west, you can reach a great Ramada.From the pima canyon entrance I take the fire road to national, after the initial ascent it is just some rolling hills, I then make left to hidden valley where there is a great natural tunnel, Follow this trail to reach fat man's pass, contrary to the name there is a narrow gap that fat men cannot pass luckily you can go around, this meets back up with national trail. Many unique rock formations on this hike. For shorter easier hikes from this lot, you can do the east and west loops and Beverly canyon all small trails that loop, and have a few nice views.For Mountain biking my skills are not too advanced so I stick to the east end of desert classic, with mostly straight section and a few wash passes and slight hill inclines it's great for a novice rider.
5	A short and to the point review!Awesome park for Hiking, photo taking, driving up the mountain, sight seeing, taking someone on a date, adventures, biking!Always something new to see, and explore. It's a huge park, and every time you go you can see something new. Some days it can get crowded, but that's because it's a great park. You should go at 7pm and drive to the top of the mountain and check out the view. It's beautiful.
4	Another beautiful day, and another new-to-me hiking spot to love - the Alta Trail!  I have been on other trails in South Mountain Park (Mormon, National), and this one is now my favorite.The first time my friend and I tried to get here, a most disappointing barrier and sign informed us that the access road to the trailhead is only open the first weekend of each month, 5am - 3pm.  Doh!  Fast forward a couple of weeks for the second attempt and trust me, it was worth waiting for!The trail is well-maintained, and not crowded, either (bonus!).  The fairly challenging elevation gain (over 1,100' in the first mile - AAAAGH!) includes many switchbacks, and a few sections where I had to use my hands to get over some larger rocks.  Maybe these trails need height requirements, like at Disneyland...  The scrape/bruise I still have on my left shin proves that I should have spent less time "sightseeing" and more time watching where I was going.  Oops...  I consider it a Badge of Honor.  At the top, the reward was clearly obvious - outstanding views of the Phoenix skyline and the Estrella Mountains.  Note:  this is the part where you use the "hey, let's take some photos" excuse to pause and catch your breath!Mark your calendar - first weekend of the month... go!
4	This just became our new "take the out of towners place". My step sis was really impressed with unbelievable view  from the top of the mount. It is a great little day trip that shows pretty desert scenery , hiking trails, a bit of old west with horseback riding available  and various rock buildings throughout  the park.  My husband claims this is the biggest municipal  park  in the US ..Think it's true ?Don't know ..but it sure sounds impressive.  looking forward  to coming back with my plus one and do some day hiking before it gets too hot.
5	I hike here nearly every weekend. It never gets boring. Summers are pretty hot, so plan to start early, like at 5am. Springtime is always gorgeous, the wildflowers and cactus are in full bloom and everything is green. Lots of people hit the trails with their dogs, but if you take yours please bring bags to pick up after your pooch. Those who don't are LAME. Try to keep your dogs leashed also. I have a smaller dog but some people are terrified of any dog (I've run across a few of them) so please follow the leash laws. Bring water for your pets too - some friends of mine saw a puppy die one summer because the owner didn't bring any water.There are lots of great trails here. The Mormon Loop is really popular. It winds around and has some good rigorous uphill  areas. The Ridgeline is great too but avoid it if you are afraid of heights. There are different ways to access the park, so be sure to check it out online to pick the right one. (I tend to go there by way of 48th Street near the I10.)Tips:Dogs are allowed (but must be leashed)Bring lots of water (for your pets too)Bring an energy bar or twoBring tweezers in case you accidentally step on or touch a cactusBring your cell phoneBring a whistle in case you get injured or lost and need to direct people where to find youWear the right shoes! One time I saw a Brownie troop, some of them wearing flip-flops. There were about 45 mins in, looking miserable. Hiking boots, sturdy sneakers etc. are appropriate.Watch out for mountain-bikers. Stay on the right side of the trail.Don't litter!More tips, including nude hiking (??!!) can be found here: http://www.abc-of-hiking.com/hiking-etiquette/hiking-etiquette.aspEnjoy and have fun!
4	Friday, I enjoyed a hike along the Holbert Trail to Dobbin's Lookout at the top of South Mountain. The trail begins at the activity complex (all the ramadas when you make your first left turn immediately after entering the park on Central Avenue). I found it a little tricky to follow in the very beginning. I wound up walking along a sandy wash for a bit thinking "this can't be right." And, I was correct. But it could've been a rookie error - seems you just go straight from the trail head and ultimately veer to the left to stay on the trail. The 2.5 mile hike is described as "difficult - fairly steep and long" with long being the operative word. I think North Mountain and Shaw Butte are much more steep. Dobbin's Lookout is the highest point on South Mountain accessible by trail. At 2,300 feet, the view is probably the most rewarding of the Valley hikes I've done and, the difficulty level was just challenging enough to still enjoy. Instead of thinking, "Phew! I did it. I can cross this off the list." I plan to be back!!
4	South Mountain is a little bit of a toss up for me, but generally it is good.My first few experiences with South Mountain brought the user experience professional in me out as I actually wanted to attempt to hike a specific trail. Instead, all that happened was horrendously marked trails that left me wandering miles in the wrong direction. Was it necessarily that bad? No. Most of the time, I don't care which trail I am on or am not on. The girl scout in me isn't too bad at finding my way home and I love random unplanned adventures. However, there are times where I am out to conquer a specific trail and then this problem is highly relevant and makes me swear so loudly I think the bobcats may think it an invitation to come out and play.All in all it's a win. I've taken many the afternoon, morning, or all day suited with some water, sunglasses, and my hiking shoes and some granola bars and hit the trails either for a casual hike with friends or a serious full out trek. Sometimes I'm not only stupid enough to run up one small summit that was way farther than it seemed, but I'm stupid enough to do it twice. South Mountain doesn't judge though. And I appreciate that.
5	Love South Mountain Park. It is such a great place to get some exercise and enjoy AZ! I take my dog for a trail run about every other week and always seem to find a new trail to explore (that may be because the trails aren't marked very well, but I can always find my way back to the car). I have to say the maps at the trail heads are a bit washed out, so before the "smart phone" I had a difficult time determining how far I had actually hiked. Now that I have the cardio trainer on my Droid I can see I was padding my workouts juuuuust a bit... :) Trails can vary from easy to intense, depending on how hard you push yourself. You can get a great workout or enjoy a nice stroll, makes it a great place to take out-of-towners. Parking is good in the summer (of course) and decent in the spring and fall. Expect to walk a bit to the trail head, especially in the winter - but that is what you are there for! The only day I CONSISTENTLY have trouble parking is Superbowl Sunday... is Camelback Mountain closed on that day? :)
5	A great place to get away. I lived in Phoenix from '90 to '95, to attend ASU, and was told about this place by a friend, and found it was a great place to de-stress.  I would take my bible, and a cassette player up here, and would read and listen to music and enjoy the gorgeous scenery.
5	This is a great place to hike in the valley! There are so many different trails here that very in length and challenge. Yesterday, a friend of mine and I took advantage of the beautiful weather and went up an unmarked area of the mountain. It was pretty much straight up, and my legs still are hurting, but it was totaly worth it.  I honestly don't know where exactly we were, but when we reached summit there was an awesome rock formation at the top, and an excellent view of nearly the entire valley!
5	Yep, You kicked my butt! Took the pooch hiking today. For a Sunday morning this park was near empty, the way I like it. We started out on the Ranger trail...it takes you all the way to the top. This trail is not for people looking for a nice easy stroll. It is very steep in some places and covered in loose rocks. At the top the trail turns into National. This one is my fave. It takes you across the summit and has amazing views. Seeing a storm approaching we decided to find a trail back to the car... Ummm, piece of advice, plan you trail route ahead of time. After an hour longer than planed we finished our trek on the Kiwanis trail. As I write this, my whole body is still recovering. It was a wonderful work out and I will be back very soon. If you see a blond being pulled up the mountain by an enormous brown dog say "hello"!
4	It is near impossible to find the Pima Canyon Trail Head if you haven't been there before... (no signage AT ALL).  We didn't even know we were close as there was nothing to indicate where it was... which is a shame.  However, it was well worth driving in circles for about 25 minutes to find the right street to turn off on.  The trails themselves are well marked and clear... and the people along the trails are friendly.  This place is a great place for a hike from anywhere from an hour to a whole day adventure.  http://phoenix.gov/PARKS/hiksogud.htmlThis was a helpful website in finding some hikes.SPECTACULAR views from some of the summits!!
4	My favorite trail in South Mountain starts at the trail head just south of 24th st and Baseline.  It's the start of the Mormon Loop and when you connect up to the Mormon Trail/National Trail it extends the hike to about 4 or so miles.  Or at least that's what I have been telling myself.  First part is stair master-esque, then descends very gradually (perfect place to add a run into your hike), then ascends again (catch your breathe) and then gets a bit boulder-y and you can either straight up hike this or run.  If you want, you can take the offshoot to Hidden Valley and Fat Man's Pass.  I wasn't too impressed with either, but it is definitely worth a view and will spit you back out onto the National Trail.
4	Got to have a wonderful Father-Son hike with some great friends!  Thanks Ben & Kevin!It was our first hike and our friends led the way, WOW what a great experience!  We beat the rain and got to hike with our 5yr old sons for over an hour!  This was our first hike at South Mountain, it won't be our last!
2	So this is a 2.5 star review kids. Great parking, great hike, great view, friendly people. BUT COME ON! the trail signage is pretty bad and inaccurate. My friend and I are decently experienced hikers and we got lost twice. A 3-5 mile hike turned into 7 miles.
4	South Mnt. Park, I am angry with you. If it had been any other day I am sure I would have loved you (well as much as you can during a grueling 8:30 paced 20 miler with hills) but today was special. You held some sort of mysterious event (which is impossible to find with my granny computer skills). Friends snuck passed  and actually helped out bringing a racer back to the path seeing nobody else the rest of their run. (the  immense ban makes no sense) I was stuck recalibrating and running on the azcanal. This was sad.  There was a blockade throughout the entire route...for 5 hours by angry off duty policeman. You should respect the other users. Other than this, Silent Sundays is not cult worship, it means no cars and a free for all for hikers, bikers, and runners! There is also no parking fees so I admit, I actually kind of do love you!Kat
5	Norm R and I went to this spot the other day and I loved it. Mountain tops are one of my favorite type of places to visit in any given area that have them. The view is AwEsOmE. My 2nd favorite place in this park is the mini ghost town at the bottom with a building labeled "This Is Scorpion Gulch" allot of fun 4 the nature lovers, hikers and bicyclists. Go see 4 yourself.
4	South Mountain is one of the most popular areas for mountain bikers and hiking enthusiasts.  Some of the views on some trails are spectacular as you can see a good view of the valley from a horizontal perspective.  There are several trails and can be lost easily.  I suggest going with a friend who knows the trails or looking up a map ahead of time.  There are a few different entrance from Baseline Rd.  I would suggest going south on 46th street from Baseline.  There isn't as many people, so parking should be easy.  If you take this route, go through the Javelina trail, which will then lead you to the Ridge Trail.  The Ridge Trail has minor elevation gain, but it is great for your heart.  You will go left onto the Beverly Canyon trail which will lead you back to the parking lot.  This is about a 3.5 mile hike that will take anywhere from 1.5 to 2 hours.  The hike isn't as intense as Camelback, so you may not a Camelback backpack, but water bottle or Gatorade bottle should suffice.
5	The 5.5 mile hike up South Mountain is a great, if you can manage the mirage of getting to the top (or read the mile markers).   As you go up, you keep thinking you are just about there, then you turn a corner and wind all the way back around.   It really is a nice hike, (just don't forget you need to get back down!) and once you get to the top you have a great view of the city and downtown.  There is a good amount of parking at the base of the mountain, but beware there are no trash cans, dog disposal bags or water along the hike.  Also, the road is open to cars most of the time, so be careful.
5	Silent Sunday today, where the road up is blocked off for bicycle and foot traffic only
4	I am a big fan of South Mountain. This is my fave place to hike/trail run. I can literally spend all day exploring new trails. Many of the trailheads are 10-15 mins driving distance from me so that is perfect for a quick hike/run and when I have more time it's nice to drive out a little further and try out some new trails. Some of the trails can get a little crowded on the weekends when the weather is nice, but I do a lot of my hiking/running at sunrise in the winter and in the afternoons in the Summer so I am usually all alone. :)
5	WOW!!!! It's about a 15 minute drive up the mountain. At first we were disappointed and thought, "yippie. dry, brown, rock. can't wait to see more." The further up you go it becomes amazing. The roads are winding and the views are unbeatable. Once at the top it was crowded especially Dobbins Lookout. You can see the entire city. it was sorta windy and we could see mini dust storms in the distance. On the drive down there are areas where you can pull over and take more photos.Next time we visit the mountain we will be prepared to hike and maybe go at sunrise or sunset.
5	Beverly Canyon for beginner hikes.Park at 46th St & Baseline, really easy to find parking.Take the Javalina Trail to Beverly Canyon to West Loop.If you get lost, just follow the trail underneath the power lines back to your car.  Pretty cool, right?  You can see the power lines from everywhere.  Great tip from a friend!this is a good interactive map:  http://mtbikeaz.com/trail-index/phoenix/south-mountain-park-trail-map/other parking lots near Tempe / Chandler / Ahwatukee:1.  type in "pima canyon rd, phoenix, az" in google maps.  it's basically what Guadalupe Rd turns into west of the I-10.2.  type in "760 s desert foothills pkwy, phoenix, az" in google maps for directions.  park there, on the north/east side of the street.  head north to the telegraph pass entrance.if you're a mountain biker, check the maps for rideup trailheads.
5	This review is specifically for the trail off 24th street.  I train for the Grand Canyon on this trail and I believe it's the perfect spot for training because as soon as you leave the parking lot you being to ascend the mountain.  During the week I'd hike before work and all I had time for was a mile in and a mile out.  On the weekends though was my time to explore the mountain and test my stamina.  The only downside is the mountain bikers.  Like a good little hiker I always give them the right-of-way but I've nearly been run down by these fools a couple of times.
5	I live a couple of blocks away from the Javelina trailhead up by the Fire Department on 42cd place.  This park is huge (South Mountain Park/Preserve is the largest municipal park in the nation, bigger than Central park in New York!) and has trails running all over it.  I take my dogs for walks up in there and they blindly follow me up and down the sides of the mountains - on the trails of course that are already established - huffing and puffing away.  It's awesome during the cooler months, I still hike the thing even in 110 degree heat.  No, they have never had to send someone to rescue me due to being overcome with heat, I have lived in AZ most of my life.  Just don't go in there, whatever time of year, without water!  Just saying this is a great hiking park.  I would have to second the comment about some of the bikers going through there occasionally, seemingly wanting to mow you down, though.  Usually everyone - whether on shoes or on wheels - are very good about moving aside for each other, but occasionally you get the biker or the biking group that thinks they have supreme right of way.  I always move aside for bikers excepting when I get a "command" from one of them to move out of their way.  What, are they going to run my Great Danes over?!! Lol, I think not.  Attitude given gets attitude back, at least from me.  I have also noticed quite a large number of coyotes out there, especially at dusk, eyeing my dogs.  I really have no fear of them, especially towing dogs that large with me, but I just recommend being wary of them.  I have never heard of coyotes attacking anyone over there.  Finally, there IS an element of homeless people that DO take up refuge in various places in that mountain range.  Some of them are - pretty scary looking.  The only thing I can say is that Arizona now allows you to carry a concealed weapon with you without any kind of permit.  I don't expect to ever have to use a firearm, but there is also nothing wrong with ensuring that you come out of that mountain range in the same condition you went in: ALIVE!!
4	Wonderful view of Phoenix at nightI've travelled many, many times to Phoenix and my only regret was not being able to take my wife to Phoenix and also to South Mountain park at night. The view of the city is spectacular. Very romantic spot. It's a bit of a drive from Scottsdale but it is well worth it. You can pretty much see everything from east of Mesa all the way west to Avondale, and north to Camelback Mountain. The great thing about this area is usually it is quite clear and there is little or no humidity, most of the time.
5	This review is specifically about telegraph pass, on the ahwatukee side of the mountain... One of my favorite hikes. It is short enough to where it doesn't take much time to get to the end, but steep enough closer up top to where you feel like you got a bit of a workout. You can also continue up the road to another trail and get even higher and sit in the gazebo up top for an even better view. The people here are also very nice. They all respect the land and most have very good hiking manners, unlike many other trails in the greater Phoenix area.
5	Great hikes here.  My favorite is to hike down from the summit on the north side.  Theres some really great views and its fun and not as strenuous as camelback,
5	By far my favorite place to hike. The terrain is not terribly difficult which is better for me and my dog to dominate the trails! It's quiet and beautiful here. I love the sundial at the top which points out views to key places like ASU and downtown Phoenix. This park is huge so get a map if  you are exploring new trails for the first time.
5	I am new to hiking but I have to say after hiking this mountain I really enjoy the excercise. The trails are well maintained and easy to follow. But the trail is still far from walking a paved road which is a good thing. Ther is great veiws from every trail I have walked. There is different difficultys for different types of kikers. plenty of parking and restrooms at the bottom. there are many places to picnic and also I have seem places to have fires although I have not looked in to how or if anyone can use these places but I look forward to finding out. When I find out I will write more when I find out!
5	We did the Mormon loop at South Mountain. Great easy hike with a great view at the end! Roughly 3ish miles round trip. Free parallel parking along the side of the road. Pick up a map at the beginning of the hike and bring water!
5	I've done everything from mountain biking, to short hikes, to all day hikes in South Mountain. And first let me say that I feel that I've yet to really get into even a fraction of what South Mountain has to offer.First off, the BEST place to get information on South Mountain is at HikeArizona.com. For SM specifically, go here http://hikearizona.com/traildex.php?ID=34&sRID=52&SHOW=YESI've done all or parts of the Mormon Loop, Guadalupe Ridgeline, Desert Classic, Pima East Loop, Pima West Loop, Javalina, Dirt Road, National, Geronimo, and Telegraph Pass. In other words, I've been on many of the eastern trails but haven't even touched the western trails. I need to get on that!With that said, these ARE shared trails. You very well may encounter mountain bikers on these trails. Some of them are VERY inconsider it and go racing down and run over everything. If I remember correctly, a lot of people consider SM as a mecca of mountain biking and some even train for competitive mountain biking here. And from my experience, it is pretty good for mountain biking... even though I suck at it.With that said, I am more of a hiker. I enjoy getting away from the hustle and bustle of the city and mountain bikers nearly riding by and clipping your ankle can be a bit bleh of this mountain. I want peace and quiet, yo! So I am going to say this... if you're looking for solitude, you may not find it here - especially when the weather is nice and on the weekends. If you want solitude, you'd be better off in the White Tank Mountains, especially if you can muster a 14mile trip... or the Superstitions. Neither of those places have I ever encountered mountain bikers (The White Tanks actually has a designated area for bikes). Likewise, Piestawa and Camelback mountains are always packed with people.So, know your goal. If it just for exercise, the South Mountain is one of my favorite, partially because it is close to my house. If I want no people then it is Superstitions or White Tanks.This should go without saying, but bring water. Let me correct myself, bring more water than you think you'll ever need. Arizona is notorious for dehydrating people. I personally bring a Camelbak 3L (100oz) filled completely up with water. I also bring a few flashlights/headlamps just in case I find the sun setting on me when I'm still out there.Which reminds me... I've done numerous night hikes with the moon on SM. I actually didn't need a night except a few times where I wanted to make sure of my footing. So, if you aren't afraid of the dark... I highly suggest going hiking at night! It also gives a WONDERFUL view of the big sprawling city we call home - Phoenix. It's view off the National and Geronimo is supa-dupa awesome.With that said, I give this trail a 5 star only because I think it offers so much and has a lot of diversity. It's not a trail system that you get into and go "oh ****" a mile in and have to turn back. There are so many options to match your skill level and desired activity that it almost seems ridiculous. It may take a few times going to get a trail route figured out that you like (right amount of people, no bikes, good views, etc.) but once you do then it is golden.On an impersonal note, parking can be busy during peak times. And, the gates close at sunset. You can still drive out after dark though. Park is dog friendly but please pack out what you pack in (I'm talking about dog poop here).Enjoy and see you out on the trail!
5	BEAUTIFUL! Phoenix doesn't get much more amazing then when you're looking down at her from Dobbins Lookout.A few tips:1. Get there before 6pm. The park closes the entry but if you're in, you can stay as long as you want. 2. Be ready for a drive up a mountain -- scary cliffs and tight corners. Make sure you go slow, watch for hikers and cyclists, and overall be cautious.3. If you're heading to the summit for the views (Dobbins Lookout) bring a jacket or blanket. It's cold and windy when the sun goes down, even in the summer.There are bathrooms but no water fountains at the Lookout.
5	I can't add much to what has already been said....BUT I'll try, haha!Um, don't come here without a map, or some sort of gps device (NOTE: some spots in the mountain do not get good reception, so a map on your phone may not always fully come in). It is VERY easy to get lost!There are many trails, I look forward to getting to know them better. So far, all I have really done is Mormon Trail and the Hidden Valley Loop.....Fat Man's pass is probably my most favorite spot...OH! AND there are some really cool rock formations on the way there (including a natural tunnel) look for the rock that looks like a big mushroom!This is a good area to do a hike in the dark....but don't do it until you've done the trail a couple times in daylight. You can see what seems like the whole valley from up there! If you do the night hike, make sure the moon is full.....you can actually see pretty well with that and the city lights. Plus, it's GORGEOUS! (if you did mormon trail at night, you could start about an hour before sunset, then head back as the sun goes down)Don't forget water, it is a moderate level hike.....and flashlights would be a good idea too, just in case :)
5	Our hike began by driving up to Dobbins Lookout taking in the amazing view then sprinting down Holbert Trail to the large water tank and hiking back up again. Although I don't recommend running the trail (for safety reasons) it was the perfect adrenaline rush I needed for the day.  This hike really gave us a great work out. We were both drenched by the time we retuned to the lookout. The city view from the trail is amazing and there are some awesome rock formations to discover along the way. I would agree that the view from the lookout is breathtaking especially if you are all out of breath from the run up the trail. As other Yelpers noted this hike is described as difficult and I would agree, however, you can increase that to highly difficult if you decide to run the trail but the reward is in the amazing workout you'll get. Additional tips: Ample parking at the base of Holbert Trail and Dobbins Lookout, a visitor center, picnic areas, and plenty of trails (with difficulty levels marked).
4	Great place to visit in Arizona whether you are a tourist or an Arizona resident.  The view is amazing overlooking Phoenix and the other cities surrounding it. This reminds me of CSUEB hills in California except this is a desert lol. It's an extraordinary place to take family members or a significant other. =] I gave it 4 stars because when I went to the restrooms there, there was only one women's stall available and the door wouldn't even lock :/ other than that it was fantastic!According to About.com this is the largest city park in the world! This is a must visit place if your in Phoenix, AZ! http://phoenix.about.com/od/parks/a/southmountain.htm
5	this place has amazing views of the city. there are also places where you can have a great picnic with a great background. the best part is it's free!!! the park is open until 11 or 12 but the drive-in gates do close at 7pm so get there before then!
4	Good park to hike in
3	I love South Mt. So why three stars? I'll tell you why. Because recently our bonehead government decided to start charging $6 per vehicle when it used to be free. Do any government officials have a clue that it was already getting harder and harder to drive to South Mt. on account of the gas prices? Do they have a clue that it's possible to work your ass off and still be bored out of your skull come the weekend because there's no money left over after the bills? Of course not. That being said, I loved it when it was free. The Kiwanis Trail offers glimpses of petroglyphs carved by the Hohokam. The trail going up to Dobbin's Lookout is scenic. One time I was hanging out at a ramada when a coral snake slitthered happily past me, like hi ya, I'm just chillin'. Another time, I drove my husband up to the Lookout and he was freaked out about the height. Another time I took my red tabby to Scorpion Gulch for some photos. My cousin-in-law was conceived at Dobbin's Lookout. For some of you, it would make a good baby making place. In Phoenix's efforts to be touristy and environmentally friendly, they have started a ridiculous schedule where the fourth Sunday of each month, they close all vehicle access and all the marathoners crowd the place. San Juan Rd., which leads to the National Trail, is only open the first Sat and Sun of each month. Check the website schedule before you get disappointed.
3	Good for a low intensity hike...
4	Great place to bring your family:)
4	Been coming every saturday morning for about two months or so. The mountain is a kid friendly, dog friendly, biker friendly "park" with tons of trails for people to hike. It's awesome to start the morning with the 360 view of southern/northern arizona. One of the main reasons Ive started accepting/enjoying living in arizona. Love it and definitely will be a place to bring people when/if they visit =pParking is easy and convenient. There are tons of cars in the general parking lot so it may be better to start the hike near the entrance of the driveway where cars can park along the side.
5	Been hiking for about a month, I am very new to this, but I have found that the trails at South Mountain are exactly what I needed, I have been on a weight lost journey for over a year now and needed to switch up my routine and my trainer told me about hiking, I thought man I'm a big girl and don't need to get stuck up in the mountain and make it on the news cuz some chopper had to fly me out LOL but I did some research and have found a trail that works for me, I start off on the Beverly Canyon Trail on 46th St south of Baseline Rd and follow it around and venture off onto other trails, I have to say I really enjoy hiking and being out there, very happy to have South Mountain in my own backyard! For now I am content with hiking the Beverly Canyon Trail and Javalina Trail!
4	SPOILER ALERT!  Don't look at the photo's posted if you want to be surprised when you reach the top. This is the perfect locale for the lazy hiker or weekender who wants to see the West Valley Phoenix.   You can drive to the top of the mountain in about 25 minutes.  No hiking required.   Be wary of ambitious runners and Tour De France bikers blazing up and down the mountain.  I'm quite certain I nearly left one for road kill on the drive up.  This is probably a fun drive up if you a mid life crisis sports car, other wise make sure to be paying attention as there are many blind turns.Parking is simple up top, but bring your food and drinks because vendors are banned from the top.  Make sure double check your route because it's easy to get lost.  Reception is terrible driving up, but you will forget about your technology once you reach the top.Stop by if you want a nice city view and beat the heat in your car.  For those super sporty hikers and bikers there are plenty of trails to wander about  and enjoy the spring bloom.
4	The view from the top is quite amazing! I took my fiancee up here for a sunrise as part of her proposal, and she loved it!! You really can see the whole valley. As you're driving around Phoenix and have an unobstructed view to the south, you should be able to see all of the radio antennas at the top. You'd be surprised how high you are when you finally up get there. The rangers up there are friendly too. Just as some of the other reviews state though, do WATCH OUT for random bike riders, runners, and various pedestrians on your way up and in. The roads are a little narrow and there is not much room for error.
4	Gorgeous - even in the hottest part of a summer's day. If you enter by around 7pm, you can stay in the park for a few more hours (after the front gates close) and beat the crowds. The winding drive to the main lookout affords views of Phoenix and the valley south of the mountain, and is the best view of the area on a clear day. Very secluded, and full of saguaros, barrel cactus, whole fields of cholla, and prickly pears bursting with fruit. Few services, but great trails - bring water!
4	As a Phoenician I sometimes forget that we're lucky to have nature trails in the midst of the urban sprawl of this desert city. We may not have a memorable downtown skyline but something Phoenix does have a lot of are mountains that serve as a backdrop of gorgeous scenery. We are blessed to have many mountains with trails in each "park" like North Mountain, the Mcdowell's, the Estrella's, Camelback, and the Grand Dame of Phoenix, South Mountain. This range or urban park which is considered the world's largest serves as a visual landmark to many. During the day, coming from downtown and head down Central Ave, South Mountain towers majestically over this metropolis and at night, the glimmering red lights of the tv/radio towers that sit at its summit just sparkle. It provides direction, and this natural backdrop can also lay claim to being a memorable Phoenix landmark. But apart from its visual beauty this urban park provides an active recreation outlet to residents of metro Phoenix for it has many different trailheads at various points from Ahwatukee to Laveen. I liken South Mountain to be like Runyon Canyon in Hollywood, but here we have far more trails and it ranges from the easy to the difficult. And like Runyon Canyon you can drive up South Mountain and look below and see the grand expanse of sprawl glowing under the night sky and just take it all in. Yes, we are lucky to have this, literally in our backyard.
5	Not from Phoenix and I was only here for the weekend but man, some of the best hiking I have ever done.  There is always Camelback Mountain and Piestewa Peak but these 2 are usually crowded and offer few ways but one to get to the top.  South Mountain has a ton of trails that intersect and crisscross so you can always visit many awesome views and peaks.  It is possible to drive up to the top but you can access trails from many areas.  I tried the Ranger Trail and National and several others and they ranged from a steep walk to difficult so it offers variety.It is usually hot (specially when you visit from the Midwest) so bring water!  I was drenched in sweat by the end but it was so worth it.  You will feel like you worked out enough to enjoy the next three meals.  Because I did.
5	GREAT, great, GREAT place to hike! Lots of trails to select from and it's never crowded when I go (granted, I try to go on Sat or Sun around 9 or 10am).I feel it's a bit harsh to judge this place on maps/trails/parking, but I somehow get a bit turned around when I'm trying to find a trail. But, I am a little geographically challenged too.My favorite is Holbert trail - it's 2.5 miles and has incline/lots of rocks. Promise you that your glutes w/me hard buns of steel next morning ;)** NOTE: My last interaction w/one of the Park Rangers was a little strange - maybe the guy wasn't feeling well, or it was his first day, but when I asked for guidance on pointing to a specific trail, he literally stared at me like I had 5 heads and says, "Eeeeehhh, well aaahhh I dunnnnoooooo...". Thanks buddy, I will consult the trail map outside.
5	One of my favorite places to hike, trail run, and ride my bike. There is so much variety on the mountain - easier trails, more difficult ones, and longer and shorter options. My husband proposed on a hike on South Mountain, and we took our engagement photos there. It's a beautiful place to spend time, and it's typically not very crowded when we do.
4	I've always enjoyed this mountain because of all the different trails and sights. You can hear coyotes in the distance if you come in the late afternoon before sunset. On your way to some of the farther trails, check out Scorpion Gulch that used to be owned by "grandpa". Some say it is haunted, and I kind of agree with them. It is a little spooky when it is darker out... After that be sure to say hello to the horses next door. After taking my car with a friend past these starting points- we arrived at the kiwanis or gila trail.. I honestly can't remember the name of it. It was pretty cool to cut through the big rocks and rest on flat land, and go up higher through the big rocks. it can be a bit steep in some spots, and if you are not a stair master, you might get tired. In the summer there are lots of bees, but in the fall and winter it is pretty mild as far as wildlife. Maybe you'll spot an owl or a javalina in the distance?
3	They need a seperate cyclist trail or ban the 10 speeds from flying down the road.  They are more dangerous than the cars with no regard for vehicles or pedestrians.  Went up to the observation area.  Of course there are people hocking jewelry, their kids tearing up anything that will come loose and elders sitting in the shade, drinking from paper bags. The view is nice, and trails are great for exercise. People suck
4	The best thing about South Mountain is the location. It's nice to get out and about without having to drive more than a couple minutes.  There are really long hikes if you are so inclined. As well as lots of short ones that can be done without a whole lot of planning or worry.  Always print out the map it's pretty easy to get turned around as there are a lot of convergent trail heads in some places.  There are always people on one or all of the trails either hiking or mountain biking on the north east sides of the park. So if you are looking for a solitary lone hiking experience this is not the best place.  There are several entrance and parking points so there is never really a problem parking.  The 24th street / Baseline entrance has a pretty steep hike up to get to the Mormon Loop which is pretty cool. The 48th Street entrance has pretty good parking and is close by as well.  There are some pretty good views of the city and surrounding areas, but you don't ever feel all that remote and on your own as you would in places farther out.   I haven't tried any hikes on the far south side yet, but I'll update when I do.
5	This is absolutely as Good as it Gets wrt Views of Phoenix.  SMP absolutely deserves all 5 stars and then some.This happens to be the ONLY 5 Star place I can write about that I can say, I've never driven all the way to the location.  Haha, it's because I'm terrified of driving up that narrow winding road.  Oh boy, talk about scary.  I love to take all of my out of town guest here.  Well, as far as just before the road begins the ascent, then I notify the passenger(s) that someone else needs to drive the rest of the way up to the top!  haha!  Great hostess, right?   Oh well, YOU can take Central Ave south as far as it goes, and you will be at the top of Phoenix!  If you're squeamish, I recommend hiking up there or riding.Now, I've hiked south mountain.  My favorite hike was the National Trail Trek  last year.  What fun was that!  This is one of the best organized hiking events I've attended.  Google this event and get on their email list.  You must register for this event the day it opens or you won't get in.  This is one of the most beautiful hikes.  The National Trail runs along the top of the ridge and the views of Phoenix are stunning.  The National Trail is about 15 miles long.  Not the typical out and back length, but there are several smaller trails that you can hook on to the National Trail to do a portion of it.I've done trail running along some of the trails on South Mountain as well.  I usually enter from the Ahwahtukee side for the trail running.  There are always a lot of people out there doing various things.  I see people cycling.  Iv'e even seen a group of guys headed straight down in what I called a death wish on a very rocky side of the mountain.  I've also seen horses on the mountain.  Not for me, but maybe for you! For the novice, I recommend preparing well for your visit to the mountain by bringing water, proper clothing.  People actually get lost over there.  which is quite strange, but it happens.  don't underestimate proper preparation.  good luck!  YOu will love it.
3	What is up with South Mountain Park? My friend and I walked forever looking for a trail to take us up the mountain but couldn't find it. Stopped in the visitors center which was closed and everyone we asked seemed to be just wandering. Such a puzzle since there are so many positive reviews! We must have been missing something. Anyway, we ended up basically just climbing up boulders to get to the top of one area which was kind of treacherous so wouldn't recommend that for older people. There were several flat paths and a wheelchair path though. Not sure I'd go back without more clarification. Lots of horses to rent nearby.
5	I have been on every trail in this park from start to finish.  It took me almost 2 years, but I did it.  And I have to tell you--after hiking/running South Mountain, all other hikes I've been on in other ares of the country seem really pretty easy by comparison.Advice to first- (or even tenth-) timers:  1.)  bring plenty of water.  This does NOT mean a half-liter plastic bottle per person.  I never go out here without at least 2-3 quarts on-board.  It is better to have and not need than need and not have.  Even in the winter, the excessively-dry climate and altitude/exertion will WIPE YOU OUT.  2.)  print a good, clear map, put it in some sort of plastic sheet protector, and bring it with you, checking it as you go with the 3.) compass you also bring with you.  As many of the reviews have stated, it is EXTREMELY easy to get lost/turned around on these trails, particularly if you are in a snaking river valley/wash.  The trail markings are much better than they were 5 years ago, but not much.  When in doubt, ask for help or GO BACK THE WAY YOU CAME to your car.  Trucking along without a clue, thinking, "oh, I'll just turn left at the next intersection and eventually it'll loop around" is NOT the right thing to think!  4.) wear PRACTICAL shoes/boots.  Most of the trails are extremely hard and sharp granite that will tear tennis shoes to shreds.  I have worn out 3 pairs of hiking boots on this beast, and now use an extremely durable, professional trekking boot with thick Vibram soles.  The rocks and scree will take their toll on you, even if you are in great shape, so plan accordingly.I have been all over the East trails, and they are phenomenal.  Great views, great workout.  Also frequented quite a bit by mountain bikers who are, for the most part, somewhat courteous, but if you are hiking you'd better beware of those who are not, because they do not obey the rules of the road and yield for you.  Many of them, to boot, really don't know what they are doing either, and their excessive speed, particularly downhill, could be hazardous to everyone's health.  If you do not like to be around mountain bikers, avoid the Desert Classic all along its length.West trails are a bit more difficult, including the Alta, which I read in a guidebook is the most difficult in the park and one of the (if not THE) most difficult in the state of AZ.  Weekend mornings are usually isolated and quiet prior to 8 AM.  We always take our out-of-state visitors here and they can't believe we have such an asset right here in the middle of a major urban area.  Take care, and have fun!!!
4	South Mountain is a must see if you live in or are visiting the Phoenix area.  Whenever people come to visit us this is one of the places I take them.  It offers a great panoramic view of the city, and with the exception of Mesa and Chandler you can pretty much see the entire Phoenix metropolitan area.  On top of having a great view, its free.  Its actually the largest city park in the country, in terms of land.  Just a quick little drive through the park and you're at the top before you know it.  On your way up and down the mountain you will see some great views of the city and desert landscape.  You can easily spend an hour or two at the top taking in the views before heading back to the city below.  If you're looking for something to do in Phoenix I recommend checking out South Mountain.
5	South Mountain Park is a great place to bring out of town guest.  The reason why I say that is because the view is outstanding.   It is a nice 20 minute drive up the mountain to Dobbins Point.  We came up to Dobbins Point on Saturday with family and it was incredible view when it is clear outside.   Also I found out that this park is the biggest park in the world.  If you ever have family or friends in town and want to go for a hiking or just want to see an awesome view of phoenix, you should bring them here.  Happy Yelping.  :)
5	Hiked Southern Mountain two days in a row.  The first day we started off at Beverly Canyon trail head.  As expected there was a lot of people there on a Sunday morning, but once on the trails you didn't really feel it.  At one point when we were far back on the ridge we didn't see anyone for 30 minutes.  Trails are well maintain, but some get very steep. At one point, not climbing a rock, just going up a trail, we were using our hands to pull ourselves up the face because it was so steep.  Had a great time and went back the next day.The second day we used a different trail head and took Morman Trail.  Took this up and then did the short Hidden Valley.  Went through the cave and then Fat Mans Pass.  It was a lot of fun.  This would be a great route for people with kids because there was climbing and crawling.  We were told we went the wrong way to do Hidden Valley but still had a good time.  Up and back on Morman took us about 2 hours, but took our time.
5	I am here practically everyday since I live across the street from it. I usually start at Beverly Canyon trail head (46th & Baseline RD) and circle around it's approx.  3.5 miles. It's never really many ppl here and plenty of parking. You may see a coyote or two cross your path but don't worry they don't bother you. If you wander off a trail you will see a snake or two Pretty good work-out if you do Beverly Canyon trail a lot of steep inclines and declines  but nothing life threatening like Camelback lol If you have out of towners and they want to hike and you don't trust them on a more physically taxing trail like Camelback this is the one for you.
4	Really great views of the valley, especially stunning at sunset.  Drive isnt too bad, last around 15-20 mins.  Weekends can tend to get a little crowded, would recommend going on a weekday if possible.
4	I would say this park could definitely get a 5 star, but the trails I have been on here are more of a 4 star. I went to Mormon trail last weekend and it was enjoyable. My main issue was that there were more than one families that were blasting rap music from their phones on the hike....wtf? That is so inappropriate. I had to run to get away from it. The trail itself was a good hike with nice views and it was challenging and a good workout. The last time I went here I did the Kiwanis trail which I did not care for. It was more of a nature walk with no pay off....you get to the end and you meet a road then you're done. There isn't enough gain in incline to get a good view. I would definitely not hike that one again.
5	Beautiful city park right in the middle of this desert metropolis.  Tons of awesome trails for running and hiking.  Very friendly for cyclists too.  The San Juan road is closed to motorized vehicles, which is great for cyclists.  Also, they do Silent Sundays, where the whole park is closed to motorized vehicles.  The views from the summit can't be beat!
5	WOW-how have I lived in the West Valley for 6 years and never have been to South Mountain!?!?  I took my sister for a picnic here and we ended up driving to the Summit.   What a great drive and we saw several other roads heading off in different directions that we will have to explore at a different time.  There are also some trails I would like to hike as well.  There was a Navajo woman up top selling some jewelry she made, which was very cool and I got my mom a necklace and earrings for $20. The park is free, so how can you beat this gorgeous scenery so close to downtown Phoenix?!?!  Will definitely be back!
4	South Mountain why you so far!? South Mountain is probably the largest hiking and biking grounds around the city.  I think the longest hike is about 14 miles long across end to end, but then again you have to hike your butt back!  Needless to say as a hiker and trail runner South Mountain offers so many trails I don't think I can get bored.  All the hikes here are moderate and if you take your time you'll eventually finish.  One of my favorite is North of the mountain called  the Holbart Trail, which eventually leads up to the Dobbins Lookout.  There's an old rock building there where most people enter to take pictures.  Another one on the North is called Geronimo Trail.  This is pretty scenic and desolate trail, but again once you reach the top to Buena Vista Lookout it's a nice view.  I haven't been to all the trails here in South Mountain, but I think it's worth a visit since it's good for all hikers and trail runners of all levels. - Enjoy!
5	A place with great trails, awesome views & hikers with lovely manners :)My favorite route starts on Holbart trail (off of 7th St) and then I ditch it and continue on Dobbins trail to get to the lookout point at the top. The trails themselves are not difficult, but due to the incline, it takes some a little longer to get to the top. If you think you're going to blow up, don't despair! Take it nice and easy & don't give up... unless you've got health issues, in which case, despair and find a doctor. When you make it to the top (notice, I said when and not if ;) I have faith in you!) you'll be rewarded with the most amazing view of the Valley! I have lived here nearly all of my life and had never used the word "beautiful" to describe it until I saw it from the Dobbins Lookout. For those of you who can not hike you can drive up to the lookout. The first time I made it, huffing and puffing and all red faced and saw that there was a parking lot at the top I had a Homer Simpson moment "DOH!!!". Then I hiked down, with that sense of accomplishment that comes from not dying or turning back, & thought "SO WORTH IT"! :)I've covered the trails & views, but now let me tell you about the lovely manners! Because I do love this about hiking :D When people hike they are generally happier & more empathetic. Here, among nature, this is what is normal: 1. When you pass someone (going up or down) you say "Good morning!" (or whatever time of day it is). Feel free to use whatever language you want, no one really cares, it's just a nice acknowledgment. 2. If you are too tired, can't breath or really into your tunes, a head nod is an acceptable way of acknowledging a fellow hiker. This says to them, "I know you're a person, not a rock". 3. Slow hikers move out of the way of faster hikers  (we don't care if it's left or right, just move) without any honking or cursing involved. 4. If you need to pass someone you say "excuse me" & "thank you" as you go by.
5	Peaceful and amazing views.I am glad I had the opportunity to explore South Mountain park. It was one of my highlights in Arizona. The hiking trails are great but the peaceful silence is second to none.The 20 minute drive up to the summit is a must with all the curves and picture perfect stops along the way. The benches in the park are well set up to sit and take in the breathtaking view of the city of Phoenix.
5	It's hard not to give 5 stars to Mother Nature! Wonderful views from practically anywhere, whether it be the Valley of the Sun or one of the many canyons tucked away inside the mountain. With a wide variety of trails, some that you can ride a horse on or mountain bike through, and of course the occasional picnic area, South Mountain has a lot to offer.I had family from Nashville in town for the weekend, so I was racking my brain on what to do with them that's a unique Arizona experience...there's a lot that the Valley has to offer, but since they are active people, South Mountain was called upon.We took the Mormon Trail then connected to the Mormon Loop to get to the top. The trail was about 2-2.5 miles total, and while it got steep in some sections it was a good 'starter' trail for someone looking for a mild challenge and a relatively quick ascent. Being the tourists they are, my family frequently stopped to take pictures of the mountain and city, and by golly did they love every minute of our hike! Personally, since I live ten minutes from the mountain this was not my first South Mountain rodeo, but I have yet to be disappointed.
5	simply put, i love this park. it has numerous trail heads, numerous parking spots, and endless miles of trails. there are bathrooms at most trailheads and you can access the park from phoenix, the Tuke, or any number of other places. i rarely go hiking here, almost exclusively mtn biking and the options are endless. easy, meandering dirt rides, medium cardio distance rides, or full out downhill/hope you have good insurance rock drop downs. everyone seems to be in a good mood (mostly). it's dog, horse, hiker, and biker friendly. the heat is bringing out the snakes and the heat stroke so be careful!
4	Stunning. Foliage can be bitey
4	South Mountain is a perfect mountain for travelers that don't have much time or gear to go hiking and find the scenic views of phoenix. We were in town for a wedding, and had only 8 hours to really explore Phoenix. It was recommended we drive up South Mountain to Dobbin's Lookout. We didn't have any hiking gear or trail knowledge, so hearing that we could drive to the top of a local peak was ideal.It takes about 20-30 minutes to drive up to the top, and it is a great pretty good view. A couple of benches and a shaded tower structure occupy the lookout. There are random points along the way where you can stop and take pics of the view. Kudos to those who are able to bike/hike their way to the top.There are bathrooms near the bottom of the mountain, and just an FYI, those bathrooms come with no doors. And if reaching the summit is not your thing, there are plenty of trails for you to explore.
4	Good place to hike
5	The best views I've ever enjoyed!  And the drive is so fun!  Be sure to give yourself an extra 2 hours before heading to the airport and make the trip...
5	I like this palce since it's so accessible. You don't have to hike all the way up, even though you can and people do. But I always drive up and the drive is a relaxing winding mountain road that has great views of the valley. It's right in the middle of the city so it's very accessible. Sunset is absolutely beautiful here and I'm sure it's the makeout point type of destination lol. But yeah people are always taking sunset pics up here and my dog loves the trip.
4	I have to start checking out more trails around here now when the weather is more forgiving. This is awesome, I wish I loved closer. For hiking this is what you have been looking for... and cool people that hike on the weekend.What more can I say about a trail head?!
4	What a truly amazing view and ride through that mountainside! I will recommend this place to anyone that ends up in the area. It is something to see for sure
4	Great trails... A lot of bikers...  I have been running on south mountain now for years.  I like the part of south mountain that is in Ahwatukee.  I usually park by warpaint and then run from warpaint all the way down desert classic.  The trail is clean and offers trails that are easier and more challenging.  It's very peaceful and you can get lost (in a good way).  The only downfall, it is very rocky, so when you're running, watch out for rocks or else you'll have an accident like I did last week!  Try out south mountain, you will enjoy all of the hiking and nature and it's close to everything in the valley.
5	There are quite a few places that you can hike to to and get a beautiful view but this is by far the best place that you can drive to to take in a spectacular panoramic view of the entire Phoenix basin. Follow Central Ave. as far south as it goes and then enter the South Mountain park from 5:00 am to 7pm. For those who have never driven a true mountain road the ascent might appear perilous but truthfully it is not terribly difficult. At the summit there is a parking area and a covered shelter. For hikers, bikers and runners there are many trails accessible from both the Central Ave side as well as the Ahwatukee side. This is a fabulous place to spend a few hours or to wow some out of town guests.
5	Been in Phoenix for a while now and made my first visit to the park. What a beautiful place! Nature is a wonderful gift!
5	Hiking always fun!
4	Drive to the summit for great views!  There are some sweet hiking trails as well, good for kids and bringing your dogs too. Don't forget a water bottle though because I was dehydrated by the end of it and couldn't find a fountain anywhere.
5	I don't do a whole lot of hiking but I'm trying to get into it more since it's something I can do that is great exercise but also really fun. Phoenix has so many options but of course once the summer comes you have to go in the early morning. Well, I am not a morning person at all so I naturally will choose the location with the shortest driving distance to me so I can sleep a little longer and that happens to be the Ahwatukee side of South Mountain. Specifically, Telegraph Pass Trail. I really enjoy this hike because there is a pretty decent elevation increase (approx. 500 ft) but it is very, very gradual. I am sure most hikers would consider it an easy hike but for me it is right at my level so I still break a sweat. It's 1.5 miles going up and then you come back down for a total 3 miles which is perfect. The trail is well maintained and the first half a mile is even paved. There are a lot of joggers but there is plenty of space so it is not a problem. You'll also see plenty of mountain bikes and occasionally a horse but they usually veer off to the right onto Desert Classic Trail. I would not recommend that trail unless you are going to do some serious distance since the first couple miles closest to the Ahwatukee Desert Parkway trailhead just wraps around the housing development and so you are just looking at people's backyards. Telegraph Pass has much better scenery so if you are looking for a place to get started hiking give it a try!
3	It's a beautiful place.  There are tons of hiking / biking trails, and there are a couple of roads that provide access to some fantastic views.  If you're into hiking, check this place out.  Many years ago, people with off highway vehicles could participate in off road activities here.  They no longer allow that.  I am, in general, not a fan of the city, state or federal government limiting or restricting access to responsible OHV users, so therefore I am giving this 3 stars.   I have a Jeep that I've put a lot of time and effort into making capable to handle serious off road use, and it's disappointing that I have to go an hour or more outside of the valley to do so when South Mountain is so close by.  Plus it totally makes sense that you can't drive off road here because it's a "preserve", yet at some point, parts of the park will be completely destroyed when the 202 comes through (sarcasm).
2	The grand canyon is a wonderful place. But it gets boring fast.
5	South Mountain Park is the largest municipal park in the country.   It's mentioned by National Geographic Magazine as one of the top 5 City hiking destinations in the country http://adventure.nationalgeographic.com/adventure/trips/best-trails/best-us-hiking-cities/#/phoenix-south-mountain-park_37656_600x450.jpgDriving into the park from the main entrance on Central Ave allows you to catch any number of trail-heads with access to parking.  One of our favorite trails is the Holbert Trail - takes you through a valley with petroglyphs (easy 1 mile hike RT), but then leads you up one of the most challenging trails up the mountain to the cell-phone towers.   If you have the time, take it - it's worth the travel and the challenge is not the trail itself but more the elevation climb.  My other favorite is the Kawanis trail: This trail is a short 1 mile climb to a ramada where you can catch the National trail (or other trails) for a longer hike.  The trail also provides you glimpses to petroglyphs along the way.  If you want to bring your bikes - there are trails accessible for mountain bikes, but also you can road bike up the mountain (a short ride from the main parking lot) to catch San Juan Rd (close to cars) and allows you a rolling hill ride to the San Juan Lookout ramada.There are plenty of trails for different abilities and you should check out the trail maps and descriptions so you can plan for your ability level.   Take plenty of water with you always :)  http://phoenix.gov/parks/trails/locations/south/hiking/
5	I went to NYU for three years and Central Park became a favorite place to find some peace in a busy city. New Yorkers firmly believe that the park is huge. Sorry my NYC friends, but not only is South Mountain Park much larger than Central Park it's larger than all of Manhattan! Yep, 16,000 acres of nature - right there waiting for you to enjoy it. Not bad huh?For first time visitors I recommend a drive up to Dobbins Lookout. You'll be at an elevation of about 2,300 feet which will give you a fantastic views of the entire valley.  It's a must see on a clear day.For a nice hike I suggest the Kiwanis trail.  It's roughly two miles round-trip with 400-500 foot elevation change.  If you still need more nature after your visit to South Mountain Park or if you'd like to learn the plant names, head to Desert Botanical Garden which is about a 15 minute drive away.Two tips:1. Bring water.2. Download a trail map to your phone before your hike. You can get pdf maps at http://phoenix.gov/parks/trails/locations/south/hiking/
1	The National used to be one of the very best mountain biking trails around unfortunately the rangers have been demolishing the natural obstacles, smoothing out the trail, I call it de-naturalizing."They paved paradise and put up a parking lot".
5	If you lived in Phoenix, your visiting, or your just strolling by I would check out South Mountain. They have hiking trails for just about anyone (Beginner's or not.) The view if you take your car up to the top is still very good. You can start to see that pollution has taken a toll on the clarity, but it is not Los Angeles yet even though I believe we are well on our way. Unfortunately.  Take your kids before your not able to see the whole city.
5	This park is really fun and is very close to the city. The sunrise and sunsets are amazing. It's a great place to go in the morning for prayer. I love the hiking trails too. It's an amazing view from the top. It's a great setting for a romantic date, as long as it's not busy.Recommendation:Bring an SLR to take excellent photos.
5	I've hiked several trails here at South Mountain.  The Kiwanis trail does not disappoint.  It is short enough to do a quick hike or you can extend it to the national trail and keep going.  This trail was just perfect for the beginner hikers I was with as it offered just enough inclines to feel like a real work out without making you feel like you couldn't finish.  There are many other trails to follow that you could hike a new one every week for a long time and never have to do the same one twice.  The summits offer beautiful views of the city while showcasing some old stone work houses and rest stations.
4	I can't believe we'd never been here.  We enjoyed the drive, the walks, the views and the shelters.  I little difficult for our elderly father but he still enjoyed it.  The path to the benches was rough but we made it assisting him on his walker.
5	Since I was feeling fat and lazy, I wanted to challenge myself to a longer hike at a more challenging venue (based on the web reviews).At more than 16,000 acres, South Mountain Park/Preserve is one of the largest municipally operated parks in the country. You do see petroglyphs at some point, as well as Sagauro cactus.I parked and started from the Central Ave. main entrance at around 3pm. I had been visiting from out of town and NEVER been here, so heed my advice - if it's hot, and you start in the late afternoon -1. know where you're going or bring a map2. bring water and snacks3. gauge your time, and don't start too lateI'm too confident for my own good, I did NOT follow my own advice, except I did have a bottle of water with me.If I recall correctly, I started out on the Los Lomitas trail, and made my way to the Holbert Trail. Pay attention to the Los Lomitas trail from the parking lot it's got a lot of shortcuts and switchbacks that might be pretty confusing. Note that the Los Lomitas is fairly easy and gets you to a paved portion of the Holbert Trail, and a secondary Holbert trailhead that starts taking you up the mountain.It's considered moderate to challenging, so even though parts of the trail might level off at some points, note that you're consistently going UPHILL. You reach a saddle and follow along the upper part of a wash with a small box canyon at the end. The intersection with the short, steep trail up to Dobbins Lookout  is near the top of the small canyon.The trail could be narrow in certain places, and if you keep looking out, or looking back, you get breathtaking views at some points.The climax, of course, is Dobbins Lookout, which is the most breathtaking view of Phoenix and downtown that I have ever seen. It's well worth the hike, and Dobbins Lookout consists of a sheltered vista point, a few benches, and a few rocks to perch yourself on - from which you can appreciate Phoenix.Note that I had never heard of Dobbins Lookout before this; I kept hiking because I wanted to know where the trail would end up. I do not recommend this mantra, and note that I do not follow my own good advice to others.The total hike, round trip, including Las Lomitas plus Holbert, seemed to be over 6 miles, so I barely made it within 3 hours - and before the sun went completely down. You might want to check the park trail map to double-confirm.In the heat and all, the hike seemed long and tiring and very singular on the way up, though much to my chagrin - once you get to Dobbins Lookout - you discover that a well-traveled road actually goes up there with heavy crowds, parking, and restrooms.
5	Love to hit the smaller trails.  Like Warpaint (great for trail runs), The Marcos de Niza (great for hike with no mountain bikers or horses), Desert Classic for Mountain Biking not great for hiking (lots of riders zooming fast.) The wildflower a beautiful and the Phoenix sunsets can not be beat.  I have a hidden treasure meditation rock that always makes me feel like I am not in a MEGA METROPLEX.  As a steward I like to keep it clean...so if you see me picking up trash...it isn't court ordered.
3	Recommended from on of my boy friends to go for a visit to LA river with them I went there and saw the river here. This visit was enjoyable though a little tough for me as it was through bicycle. But I found nothing else except river's scenic beauty. Sometimes a little more adds by the blowing air.
4	Visiting with Dad on his 93 birthday.I was very impressed with this park.  Nice views.  Seems like there is a lot to do here.  We just visited the overlooks.  Have to come back to hike or ride sometime.
4	South Mountain Park is a great place to take visitors who have never been in the valley before - the views are running stunning. Most of the tails are okay at best - especially towards the trailheads. Close to the trailheads, there's not a lot in the wy of views or wildlife, and there tend to be a lot of people. If you travel in far, however, there's a lot more activity - endangered species, petroglyphs, old mining housing, even some rock-climbing.
4	A beautiful drive up and also a fantastic city view from the major from the mountain. Terrific hiking trails. What I love more is the sunset and the full view at night! Perfect experience!
5	Check out Holbert Trail to Dobbin's Lookout. It's quickly rising in the ranks as one of my favorite hikes because it's such an overall gradual incline. A couple places will certainly challenge a beginner but the path is easy to traverse by yourself or in a larger group. Everyone on the trail is really friendly and I'm always getting and giving "good morning's" on my way to the top. When you do make it to the summit, there's a big area to hang out, with benches and a covered enclosure to escape the sun. Not a bad spot for a picnic or to take obligatory photos to commemorate your accomplishment.Roundtrip of about 5 miles with a very doable 1000ft elevation gain.  How to get there? After entering the Preserve from Central Ave, take your first left after passing the gatehouse. Follow that road to the end and Holbert trailhead will be on the right (south) side of road. Tons and tons of parking available! If you're interested in an insane Arizona outdoor activity, check out the Phoenix Summit Challenge (azpra.org/PSC). Complete anywhere from 4-7 of AZ's finest hills in less than 11 hours! Holbert Trail/Dobbin's is on the list.
5	A wonderful park to have within the city. How convenient can you get? Many different trails in which you may find yourself mentally relaxed.Walk, ride a bike or a horse. Take your dog, go in a group or go it alone. A gentle walk to far more strenuous.  Your choice. Many ramadas. You may see woodpeckers,rabbit, coyote, lizard, snake, javalina, roadrunner. Nothing to worry about in that all will avoid you.Tremendous variety in views and vegetation. Take your camera and water. I have enjoyed the hottest, coolest and everything in between Trail maps are available and trails are well marked. I get to relax and laugh at myself  I would be walking at a brisk pace and a senior would pass me by as if I were crawling.There are numerous entrances. You truly can get away in a short period of time.
5	I live a short bike ride away from one of the many trailheads at South Mountain. I will not reveal my favorite hikes, as they are usually empty of people and I am selfish and want to keep them empty. There is something very cool and Quentin Tarentino-esque about walking down an empty paved road into the sunset.South Mountain is part of the Maricopa Trail (it is the National Trail in the Park) that is going to ultimately circle the entire Phoenix Metro area. When the South Mountain Freeway (the 101) is completed, the western tip of the Mountain park will be changed for the highway. This makes me sad.
5	As a tourist in town for a wedding we had a day to spend and decided to go hiking and enjoy the hills and views. We floundered a bit around the park but then went to the rangers station and asked for a trail recommendation. She discussed a couple of options with us accessing our fitness level (medium) and time limits (2-4 hours) and suggested the Holbert Trail to Dobbin's Lookout. It's 3.9 miles from where we started to the top. At the top you are treated to a view of the entire Phoenix valley. Your sense of accomplishment is really great because you will find yourself at the pinnacle of a mountain that you can see from all over, point to and tell your friends "we went to the top of that one today" and they will be impressed. The ranger did good and we had a great experience. Seek out a ranger.
5	Amazing views with many trails.  This is a great place to get some exercise and experience the beautiful desert landscape.  The trails seem to vary from easy to more difficult, so a nice variety depending upon your ability and interest.  This place gets very busy on the weekends but there are quite a few different areas to find parking.  There are picnic tables throughout the park as well.
2	I sort of kind of really really wanted to like this park, but pulling in it clearly was going to be the lesser of all Phoenix 'mountains.' It's not a big place and in some places it's littered with garbage and broken bottles, I even saw a dirty diaper. Listen, there is nowhere in the world that anyone wants to see a dirty diaper, FYI. I don't even want to see it in a garbage can, much less in the middle of NATURE. There is also a horse corral near so you get that lovely aroma along with hoof prints everywhere. It gets more peaceful and beautiful the higher up you get, but I was even sort of discouraged from HIKING by one of the riding guys. I thought those hills were for hiking. Apparently not.It can be pretty, it's easy to hike and there are a lot of pretty rocks, but if you want something that will take your breath away you might want to go to Camelback or Superstition, etc.
