4	Wow. I only lived in Edinburgh for a short time, but whenever I think back to it, memories of Monster Mash seem to surface. Now, I haven't been there lately, but I'll try and give it a semi-accurate review...The basics: Pub fare, with a certain house specialty. Yup, that would be the bangers n' mash. You get a choice of bangers (to those who do not originate in the UK, sausage) and mash ( again, mashed potatoes).  The sausages are usually interesting flavors and meats, but they are always, always, delectable. And the mash is the same way.  If it is your first time venturing inside, do yourself a favor. Get this.If you feel like something else, their steak and ale pie (with chips) is a surefire bet.
3	i couldn't come to britain without having bangers and mash, right? this place serves them up right, with several sausage, mash and gravy options. i went for the monster sausage, mash of the day (mushroom) and brown gravy. all quite yummy although the bangers had some hard bits in them that lent credence to otto von bismarck's old adage that "the less people know about how laws and sausages are made, the better they sleep at night."
4	Sometimes I'm in a two sausage mood, sometimes one, sometimes a venison, sometimes a veggie. What if I want standard brown gravy? Or a red wine gravy? Several types of mash? Check.Better than just pub grub, and not exactly a diner. They do macaroni and cheese (intense), coke floats (do try), and customized quality bangers and mash. Staff is consistently cool if not a little bit awesome in their beer suggestions. Definitely blows my best pub in London out of the water. Now all they need is a quiz night.
4	I wanted to visit Monster Mash again before writing a review, not because I had a bad experience the first time, but because I wanted to try what they're known for- their mash. And my friends, it is indeed Monstrous.Chosen as "their pick" in my Lonely Planet Europe on a Shoestring guide book, Monster Mash is a no-nonsense diner with basic decor and simple but hearty food.  I have been here 4 times since arriving in Edinburgh and I plan on many more visits in the coming months. "Happy days are here again" is advertised on their front window with a black and white photo of a 1950s couple about to indulge in bangers and mash. And boy do they offer bangers and mash! You can pick from three types of mashed potatoes, gravy and sausage from the menu, but they also offer daily specials which always include vegetarian options. The first time I visited I had the chicken and ham pie with chips. The saucy chicken and ham was hidden beneath a hot air balloon of puffy pastry and was just what I needed on my first day in Edinburgh. A few days later I went back to try the bangers and mash. I decided to try one of the daily specials and had the beef, tomato & basil sausage, accompanied by their classic Monster mash but with green spring onions and a nob of butter topped off with the onion gravy - caramelised onions mixed with a beef and red wine stock. It came to me as a pillow of potatoes (the best I've ever had after homemade) with my sausage (you can choose 1 or 2) resting on top, with my own boat of gravy on the side. Oh how I could not wait to dive into this!! It's easy to resist dessert on a full stomach (and believe me, it's going to happen) but MM has so many amazing desserts to choose from you've just GOT to try one of them! I've tried the Apple Crumble, which was terrific with the warm custard, but the sticky toffee pudding was the winner at the table. My mum liked it so much she was tempted to ask for the recipe! I've also shared the chocolate fudge brownie sundae, which came with a ton of whipped cream on top (my favourite part) and what I can only describe as crunchy brownie pieces- like a soft cookie, buried underneath the whip and perfect vanilla ice cream.It's fun to mix and match (weird terminology) the sausages, mash and gravy but the menu offers so many delicious options that it's sometimes hard to choose! I'm determined to try every item on the menu by the time I leave, and guess what? I've already had the haggis, neeps and tatties checked off! And it was amazing!
5	Hungry? Cold and wet from Edinburgh's fantastic weather?Then this is the place for you!Monster Mash is my reliable pick for an evening of safe, good food. I often use the excuse of entertaining visitors to make a trip here, and it never fails to impress. It has the joys of hearty pub food that you know isn't overpriced and cooked up in a microwave with comfortable, diner like surroundings and friendly service. The food on offer is not going to help your waistline but it is well worth the treat.  The menu boasts a vast array of sausages, burgers, pies and haggis, proper comfort food that you know is going to fill you up and leave you feeling more than satisfied. Also make sure to look out for the special sausage of the day, there is often an interesting flavour or two there. Combine that with the different choices of mash (nothing like a good Champ mash!) and whatever gravy takes your pick. Now gravy lovers take note! Your gravy comes in your own special gravy boat, to my boyfriend who would quite happily bath in gravy this is a great treat. I have tried and loved the haggis, sausages, fish and chips and steak pie (jeez, have I really eaten there that many times?). The mash is always delicious as is the gravy, and the portions are huge. Don't go in and say "only two sausages? What kind of place is this?" (as most of the males I have visited with have commented) as I guarantee you will be fit to burst afterwards. If your still hungry and can manage dessert, I recommend the Apple Crumble or go for an old school Chocolate Milkshake. To round it all off, your bill comes with Fruit Salads and Black Jacks- nothing like a bit of nostalgia. So all that is left to do is to decide who is paying and who will be left with the Black Jacks (yuck).
5	Decor and music have a 1960's theme, but the menu, complete with delicious vegetarian sausage and haggis (SO delicious!) felt pretty contemporary.  For meat-eaters, my boyfriend said the sausage was the best he'd had in his life.  They have a pretty limited drink selection, so just walk across the street to keep drinking.
5	I mourned the loss of Monster Mash on Glasgow's Byres Road, but I think I prefer Edinburgh's branch even more!Monster Mash specialise in good old comfort food, enough to keep you warm on a cold winter's night. Priding themselves on offering traditional British grub, their simple, stodgy offerings are quite refreshing compared to the bland gloss of many restaurants nowadays. With a crackling radio humming in the background,much of the kitchen in plain view and a cosy gathering of intimate, chipped formica tables that give you the sensation you're leaning, cafe's like Monster Mash have become charming since there aren't enough of them these days.There is an element of nostalgia as you are lovingly served up a massive pile of steaming mash and taters, and the attentive waiters are always on hand to make sure you are suitably well fed. It's very down to earth and the menu is kept short and very sweet, so you won't be bamboozled by fancy options. It's the kind of place you can turn up in jeans to unabashedly stuff your face. In fact, the caring bunch at Monster Mash encourage you to leave your finest attire on the coat hanger, your feigned etiquette at the door, and just to come as you are. They want you to eat and be merry, making Monster Mash the best place in Edinburgh to get some of the finest rustled up scran in the city.
5	I'm quite glad that the grub in Monster Mash isn't an exact replica of 60s and 70s food, as from what I hear, spam fritters and angel delight were both fairly disgusting.Instead we get a slightly more modernised take on it, with decor of a similar ilk. I've only ever had sausage and mash in here, but there's that many variations on it there's really not much chance you'll get bored. As a serious carnivore, I recommend going for the beefiest sausage possible.I'm perhaps missing out on some of Monster Mash's delights as I have a weird thing where I don't eat gravy. Along with ketchup, just looking at it makes me want to heave. It just looks like meat-flavoured water to me.
3	Indeed, this location is now called "Mum's Great Comfort Food", while the original Monster Mash has moved just down the street - same people, practically the same food, except you can get steak there now too. ....Steak!
4	Great traditional British food at reasonable prices. Brilliant!
4	Didn't know Haggis was comfort food. After mustering up the courage to try it for myself, I was comforted to know that the MUM's recipe I was served contained nothing but ground veggies, bean bits and barley parts, piled high on top of parsnip and carrot mash. (I did order the meaty Haggis, but wasn't going to send this tower of yum back to the kitchen.) The onion gravy was flavorful and the pumpkin-leek-potato soup served with sundried tomato bread was also yummy after I doused it in salt. It's a 5 Pounds Sterling Lunch Special that's worth every pence. And the Irn Brew was like drinking liquid bubble gum. Yes, I felt about seven again with this Happy Meal. In fact, I even got a fruity chew with the tab, which was much better than some lead-based Chinese toy doomed to break after unwrapping it from the cellophane.Next time, if I ever go back to Edinburgh, I'll order the Traditional Haggis in true Scottish fashion--in a skirt and no underwear or in underwear and no skirt, whichever one's more comfortable.
4	Mums was a great experience for a tourist! The service is fantastic - the servers are soo friendly! And the best part of course, is that the food is fantastic and the lunches (5 pounds) are such a good deal! The lunch comes with a soup and a main. I had the macaroni and cheese, with the tomato soup. It was filling, and delicious comfort food. I also had the genius to get the milkshake marked as "AMAZING" on the menu, the gingerbread. Seriously it was amazing. If you go to Mums, you should check out this milkshake. My more daring friend decided to try the meat Haggis, and though it was scary, it ended up being delicious (sort of like.. more flavorful ground beef) so if you want to try it in a less intimidating environment, I recommend Mums! As someone who came to the UK fearing high prices, Mums is definitely a pleasant (and delicious) experience.
4	Oh wow. This is like... eating your childhood. Everything warm, soft and comforting from your childhood is served on a plate here at Mums to warm your heart and belly and fortify you against the Edinburgh rains. The menu is heavily situated around sausages and mash, but they serve local, all-natural sausages and quite the variety of them! You're able to choose your sausages (all different kinds, if you're peckish), your mash (a good dozen or so varieties on the menu as well) and your gravy. There's also a good selection of pies and several other comfort foods. The decor is cozy, with a retro 70s feel, and the servers are warm and friendly. I tried the pork, garlic and ginger sausage with garlic and mushroom mash and brown gravy, while the boy had a steak and ale pie. Both hearty, tasty and filling for a grey afternoon. I imagine this would be a good pick-me-up after a pub crawl as well, if you're into that sort of thing.
4	Where do you order a chicken burger, full fry-up, eggs benedict and eton mess as lunch for four people? At Mums. And boy will it deliver.As all the other reviewers have said, Mums is homely, hearty food just like, well, your mum used to make. They're main point of focus is big breakfasts, sausages, burgers, sausages and more sausages. With mash. Or 'bangers and mash'. The menu is quite simple, no frills, the food is large and filling and a good bang for your buck.It was 11.30am on a Sunday. I'd already had breakfast and was still hungry so ordered the chicken burger. Two friends both had a breakfast item, eggs benedict and full fry-up, and another had an Eton Mess. What a lunch it was! The chicken burger was a lot better than some I've had. It was a proper full chicken breast, butterflied, and served on a fresh bun with home-cut and cooked chips. It was healthy, tasty and just the right size.Both breakfasts were demolished quickly and I'm assured they were delicious.The Eton Mess. Oh my. See the photo I uploaded. It was a BEAST! A small child actually stopped in the street (we were in the window seat), stared through the glass, and got closer and closer until his small face was pressed up against the class. Like in the cartoons or something. His mum had obviously told him no ice cream before lunch. HAH. So good not to be 5 any more. Anyway. It was full of ice cream, meringue, berries and very yum. (I got to try some).The place is diner-ish, the staff are friendly, quick service despite being busy.I must confess that 'homely, hearty, stodgy' food isn't my preferred eating out option. Yep, I love a good bangers and mash but I make it at home. But that's just what this is: homely food, out. It'll be especially awesome in the colder months I'm sure.If you want comfort food, filling food, good food (see previous note about a real chicken breast for a burger, not a friend, bread-crumbed, pre-packaged thing) then head to Mums. Num num num.
5	The absolute best fish & chips I have ever had!  The bangers & mash were very good as well but the fish just stole the show.  The space is small and cute, very interesting-comfort/pub food in a unique atmosphere.  I found the place from a travel book and we were very pleased with our choice of dinner on our first night in Edinburgh.  I still dream about that fish....
5	We went here at lunchtime today and had a fabulous feed - and they served us lunch even though we turned up at what was really still breakfast time.I've never had a duff meal in Mum's - everything is just simple and delicious and spot-on. You want sausages and mash? Macaroni cheese? Fish pie? They all taste like my Mum's hiding round the corner cooking for me...Oh, and note - they do do booze! I note that the listing says they don't, but they do, including scrumptious ginger cider.
5	I've eaten at Monster Mash or "Mums" 5 or 6 times and it's always been consistently good. They serve up food just like my Mum used to make, which was- potatoes + a veg + a meat = delicious! Sitting near the window on a rainy day eating some mashed tatties, peas and steak pie can't be beat! Just be careful on the stairs to the bathroom, they're steep as hell!
5	Hold the phone, back up, stop right there. In my last review of Mums I said that whilst I did enjoy the food, this wasn't my regular kind of place. More fool I.First off - I ate my first Black Jack in well over 15 years after visiting Mums and it was worth every single black-stained tooth. They give you a wee fruit salad and Black Jack sweet with the bill. Retro sweets totally FTW.Admittedly my last visit was in the middle of "summer". Whilst not exactly Costa del Sol, it was warm enough that I was only after lighter food. Enter Stage Right Mr Jack Frost, sun down at 4.30pm, near-zero temps and by 5pm you have yourself one hungry Jen craving carby, meaty, comfort food. Hmm what are the options: Starbucks, Subway or....lo, there was Mums.This is definitely seasonal for me, but now the cold weather has hit all I want is warm, filling food that will "stick to your ribs" and Mums provides this by the sausage-load. I could see myself becoming an increasingly rotund but incredibly happy part of the furniture here.Mums do comfort food and they do it very, very well. As other reviewers have mentioned they specialise in 'bangers and mash' but take a quick look at their website to understand just how specialized. Several different types of sausages, you can choose between 2 or 3, and more mashes than I can remember: champ; chorizo; mustard; cheesy; cabbage; swede; healthy and not so healthy options. You name it, they'll have it. And if they don't, it seems like the friendly sort of place that if you requested a slight change they'd be more than happy to help.So much so that when I asked for no bun with my venison burger, and it came with the bun (not a problem at all), the manager jovially bantered with me about how you can't possibly have a burger without a bun and offered kindly to take the bun away for me, and then took a bite out of it himself. Mums feels family and friendy run, and it is. (But don't worry, they won't eat your food all the time...I think.)The menu is really quite big, and they open from breakfast till night serving big breakfasts, lunches, dinners, alcohol, desserts and the like. Scottish fry-ups, done. Bacon roll, done. Haggis, veggie or regular, done. Burgers, sausages and mash, pies, fish and chips, crumbles, all of it done.It's no frills, no fuss but somewhere I could happily spend a good few hours. It has a diner-ish feel for it but not how our American cousins may expect it. It's not 'fast food'. It's home-made food that's simple and hits that very big hole.Needless to say when I left at 5.30 after chowing down on a delicious venison burger with hand-cut, freshly fried chips (with the skins still on) and a nice wee coleslaw, I was glowing from the inside out and it kept me warm on a good one hour walk to Leith.Daddy, yes, I would like some sausage, but I'd rather go to Mums thanks. (If you don't know what I'm on about, go and watch Tom Green.)
4	The food at Mums is absolutely amazing, let me just state that right here, right now.Piece of advice? Don't come here with a quick-tempered hothead friend! The manager is fond of banter and it might've been the cultural difference or the hotheadedness but she got very offended by some of the things he said. In her defence, what he was saying could have been interpreted as rude, in his defence, it was probably just banter that fell flat.Moving on! I'm definitely coming back here, (without said friend) as the food is absolutely amazing. This is indeed, as has been stated before, comfort food through and through. There's not been many times where I've been able to eat a burger and not have a stomach-ache afterwards. This was the first time in many, many years.The beef-patty itself was a mixture of herbs, spices, and onion, absolutely delicious and NOT dried out!!! Happy Lou! I tried to eat all of it, but the plate defeated me, and I had to give up about half-way through. There was also a man across the room who'd ordered the bangers and mash and I'm pretty sure that he was afraid I'd steal his food somewhere during the meal as i kept glancing over. It looked so damned good! I'm coming back for it .. as a matter of fact .. well, would you look at that: I do believe it's almost dinner time. What a coincidence!
5	Hurricane BawBag 2.00pm. 8th December 2011. 450 words into Linguistics essay. 72 hours to go for essay. 5 hours until bourbon tasting.Need stomach lining. Need warmth. Don't need hail in my eye. Got hail in my eye. Need restaurant. Don't care where. Don't care what. Hungry. Cold. Wet. Cranky (ok, Bitchy). Want coffee. Want bread. Want to whine. But I can't. Cause where did we end up? Mum's. The cutest lil' coolest lil' diner type joint this side of Newington! And how! Now, any chance at keeping to my diet of celery and green tea was OBLITERATED when I walked through the door. There was nothing but chips and cheese and potatoes and gravy and pies and cakes and sausages and Wellington's and... happiness, did i mention they serve happiness here? Well they serve it with a teeny doggie back of guilt and regret, but happiness is what you'll get. But who could say no to the staff? I couldn't. The waitress was the bee's knees and I just enjoyed every chattable minute! The place was practically empty so a little extra sweet talking and friendliness when you can - don't mind if I do! I had the Mushroom Wellington, and everyone else got some sort of cheesy heavenly flaky delight ,roast chicken pot pie and macaroni cheese...[which is a thing we need to discuss in further detail Scotland - macaroni cheese implies that it's cheese with macaroni on it. yes. the first noun modifies the second. grammar rant over]can't say i'll be back early and often because well... I wasn't hungry for like 2 days. BUT I will be back absolutely:1. when i miss my mom2. when i run a marathon3. when i break up with someone4. when i bomb an exam5. when i have pms6. when i'm in a bad moodPlenty 'o' reasons to come back =)
5	Banter, banter with bangers and mash.Oh, joy. What does my head in every single time is that these people hit my funny bone seemingly without effort. I like to think that I laugh the calories away at the same pace that I'm eating them, at this here lovely establishment.Its 70s wallpaper looks like it's hallucinating worse than you did during your presumably rather rough Saturday night, and the staff'll be relentless about your obvious hangover, but man, the food. The Foooooooood.It's so good. It's like a giant hug, but then your stomach gets hugged too, and you feel this weird kind of incestuous no wait, intestuous hugging going on which makes you way to happy, in all the wrong kinds of ways.Damn you Mums. Damn you for introducing me to your comfort food. And be double-damned for me not being able to stay away.Breakfast at Tiffany's? Eat your heart out, (erm, yes arteries be damned!)P.s. Vanilla shake, will you marry me?
4	Well Mum's Great Comfort Food certainly lived up to it's name! We were instantly greeted by an unbelievably friendly member of staff full of great chat. The menu is great, the main dishes are burgers, bangers and mash and pies. You get to choose which mash you want from a huge list such as red onion and basil, cheese and onion, leek and bacon etc.My only advice would be don't eat for 2 days before you visit. I ordered the steak and ale pie with black pudding and apple mash and when it arrived i was shocked by the enormity of it. It really was enormous. This could be a bit off putting for some people but luckily i was starving. The pie was delicious and i couldn't fault it, but the mash was a bit disappointing. To be honest it seemed a bit more like instant mash.Overall i loved this place. The staff are amazingly friendly and love to have a good chat with everyone, and the food is certainly very comforting! I can't wait to go back!
4	Cheap and cheerful, although I'm not sure if they're still doing the five-quid lunch special (soup and a main for a fiver -- solid!). Good ale and cider selection. If they have Thistly Cross ginger cider, try it -- it's a cheeky dance party in your mouth!The haggis stack is amazing and comes with delicious gravy. The sausages, although small, taste delicious and there are usually four or five varieties to choose from. Be forewarned, though, if you arrive after 1 or 2 p.m. they may have sold out of the most popular! Choose from about a billion types of mash and gravy and you're set.I'd like to give Mum's five stars -- this review is really closer to 4.5 -- but their service can be a bit spotty at times. Staff are very friendly and nice but it's taken me fifteen minutes after seating just to get a drink order, so if you need a quick in-and-out lunch this might not be the place. Do go and linger though -- it's an adorable place and the food is so good you won't want to rush.
5	I was here last Wednesday sometime around lunch.  The portions are generous (I'm American, so you know I mean it), and one can't complain about the prices (especially for the rolls-- wow.)  The music was interesting (obscure 80's hits) and became a conversation starter between myself and my half-starved friend.  The waitress was great.  Love to return here.
4	A great little spot just around the corner from the University of Edinburgh. We had the winter veg soup, the haggis, and the venison and dumplings. The haggis was absolutely the highlight. Served over mashed turnips and potatoes with some killer gravy. Venison was nice and flavorful although the dumplings were dense and the side veg were underdone.They also have Brew Dog IPA on tap which was nice too see.Friendly staff who really care about the food and making you feel welcome. Next time I'm back in Edinburgh I'm definitely stopping in at Mums.
5	British home-cooked style meal.Comfort food.Enormous portions. Delish soup, beef pot pie and chips.
5	Bangers and mash with lots of options. Seriously I think there are about 10 different mashes and they have at least 4 different sausages each day. There's also 4 or 5 gravy options too. I tried their beef and Guinness (a special) and herby pork. Yum! I had the Moroccan mash and tomato and thyme gravy. Sort of an odd combination but it worked. Plus our meal came with cheery service!Mum's has many local ales and ciders available. They pride themselves on local brews.AND they have alcoholic shakes on their menu. Bonus points from me!
5	My husband and I went to Mums while we were in Scotland, over a month ago! WE STILL TALK ABOUT IT. I wants me sum MUMS :) there is this waitress there that will sit down with you and discuss the foods and drinks and how they all pair, it seemed like her world and it was just LOVELY...best waitress ever.
5	I have nothing bad to say about Mum's.  If I was FORCED to it might be that it can take a little longer to get your food than you might expect at such a small informal place.But who cares, it's delicious, and it's cheap.  They have a  rotating selection of homemade sausages and always have a Vegetarian option.  You can pick anything you like, with any type of mash you like, and with any type of gravy you like.  So many options and everything I had there was great.Mums is one of my favorite places in Edinburgh.
5	I love you Mum! They are serious with their comfort food. Different options for sausages, mash, and gravy! All to warm your heart!
5	Best pancakes I've ever had in my life.
3	Tasty diner, with plenty of comfort food. The taps were dry when we visited but they have a small selection of bottled drinks to choose from. The bangers and mash and shepherds pie were decent. A great hangover meal restaurant.
5	What is left to say about Mums. It has become my favourite start of each weekend, walking in and having a different combination of sausages of the day, accompanied with one of these delicious combinations of mash and gravy and eggs on top. If you are in the mood for a burger or a pie you can't go wrong either - the beef is tasty as hell and the venison is also a delight. Pack these with a comfy and friendly atmosphere, waiters that don't hesitate giving you opinions about the dishes of each day and great prices and you have it; a place which is really as good as it gets.
4	Ahhh, nothing like a good breaky at Mums to start ye morn!  Love me the pancake bacon stack.  Why?  Bacon.  Comfort food in the UK..err Scotland must mean like a dozen different types of sausages and potatoes.  OR in the local vernacular:  It's Bangers and Mash ya eejit!  Now sod off ya bloke!  Ya barmy berk!  Ya old wanker!  Ya cheeky bastard!  Etc.*Hops on a plane back to California* "Ho homes smell ya later" P.S.  They also have BrewDog on tap!  (yes)
5	Now that I'm nearly done with the school semester & assignments, I can focus on more important things... like YELPING! Mums is an awesome little breakfast joint and I think it was my favorite meal in Edinburgh. Wake up Sunday morning... what do we want? Breakfast. Got there at 9:50AM and it looked closed :(... luckily for us, they opened at 10. We were the first customers through the door and we were happily greeted by the coolest server ever. I ordered eggs benedict, which weren't as good as the ones I've had in the states, but the pancake stack... OMG... Thin pancakes, bacon slices in between , maple syrup. Holy crap, it was delicious. It was also so pretty I didn't want to eat it... and then, they were so good and our table devoured it. I also don't know what they put in the coffee here. It's freaking amazing and they actually give you a HUGE mug of it, not that little espresso cup crap. Mums, thank you. You made my day! Food was great and service was top notch!
4	Soooo yummy!  Hubbo and I each got a cup of cappuccino, they came in a huge cup and tasted soooo good.  I opted for the 3 sausage, mash & gravy and he picked Shepherds Pie.  The garlic & ginger sausage was my favorite, but the Satan's Revenge and  the classic weren't bad either.  Hubbo's pie was also really tasty.  Great comfort food/diner restaurant with friendly service.  The server also chit chat with us about the food to the DSLR camera we were using.  Overall, a great dining experience and I'm a fan!
5	This cafe is a little off the Royal Mile stretch but if you like great Bangers and Mash, then it's worth you trekking over to get some. They have all sorts of bangers choices and also mash selection! We tried a variety of bangers and mashes and we were not disappointed, only disappointed that there isn't enough stomach to eat more!
2	I want to give this place a rave review, I really truly do.. because I love the whole concept and idea of diners and that style of casual relaxed dining... but... I.just.can't....I've been here twice, the first time was a few months ago.. where we had fabulous service and I was merely "whelmed" (did Clueless ever clarify if one could just be 'whelmed'??) by the food...  my bangers & mash arrived rather lukewarm with rather dry mash and lukewarm gravy just made it all a bit meh....  D's pie looked rather more impressive with a HUGE pastry top!Went again last night with a couple of friends visiting from out of town as they have a 10month old and I thought it would be child friendly..  We were directed to a table at the back (room to park the pram & room for a high chair), which was only half set and still had food on the table... Umm.. Not wanting to make a fuss, we sat anyway and I thought surely she'd bring a cloth to wipe the table when she brought the menus... No... I had to ASK for her to clean the table... Then I has to ask for cutlery when our starters arrived.. (I was secretly hoping she would have noticed we didn't have cutlery while wiping the table and bring us some before our food arrived...) Maybe she just thought deep fried camembert is best consumed using fingers...??D's bangers & mash arrived around about lukewarm and judging by the amount of gravy him and P went thru, I assume the mash was pretty dry.... My venison pie was ok.. no complaints but nothing I'm rushing back for...M said her buffalo burger was very good, so maybe will have to try that next time...D was going to order dark choc & cherry ice cream but they "should really change the menu because we've not had it for ages now"... Gah!!  At which point we asked for the bill... which was bought... but then no offer of change or a card machine.. or... well... anything....  we sat around for a while then decided just to pay at the bar on the way out as the baby needed to get back for his bedtime and I wasn't sure she was EVER going to come and take our money... (maybe she was trying to hint that dinner was on her??!!)Not to be a total negative Nelly...  The milkshakes were delicious as always! :)
5	I love their food, especially the breakfast! English breakfast, pancakes, eggs benedict, all were great and tasty! A place that I visit on a weekly (daily?) basis everytime I visit Edinburgh. Also great sausages with mash and gravy (I highly recumbent spring onion mash with caramelized onion gravy). Now that I am writing the review I can nothing but wait until the next visit.The "-": the ambience is not the best you could find in a restaurant. It is also a bit cold in the winter. But again... forget it! It's the food that matters!
5	Varieties of Bangers and Mash; what could go wrong?I love the staff here, chatty and friendly but don't get in the way, and very kinda to my son and gave him a free sweety (ok we all got them with the bill but it was a lovely gesture!)There are also great breakfast options here, the black pudding roll I had was fab too.Things are simple at mums, but its tasty and affordable. good job!
5	I've been to Mums many times and there's a reason why - it's absolutely delicious, filling, and a great value for money!I went again last night and had three sausages accompanied with mashed potatoes. I chose the Spanish chorizo, garlic and ginger, and the ale and watercress sausages. My favourite of the three was the ale and watercress. I accompanied the sausages with the chipotle and cheese mash! In addition, I had a Crunchie milkshake! I haven't had a milkshake since I was about 19 so I was looking forward to it (don't know why it had been so long!) and boy was it tasty. My partner had similar sausages but chose the blackpudding and apple mash. We shared a cranachan for dessert - which was my first! It was very creamy and had fresh raspberries.  The service was great, very welcoming and relaxed. This is a great restaurant fairly close to the Royal Mile and the Museum of Scotland. It's a worthwhile visit if you're in the area!I'll be back soon to try the Wagyu burger!!!!
4	I come here anytime I'm craving "soul food" and it definitely satisfies my craving. They have a range of different sausages, mash potatoes, and gravies that turns you into that annoying indecisive person. It's the type of restaurant you go to where you finally decide what you wanted to eat, but once your friend's plates come out, you all decide to eat off each others plates.The staff is extra friendly every time I have gone! The first time I went it was a bit slow, so the cook popped his head out of the kitchen to ask us if the food was good and when we were having trouble deciding what to eat, he recommended some stuff off the menu. Also, I was being indecisive on whether i should get an extra gravy pot for my chips, and the cook told me that when he brings out my friend's gravy, he will put enough in there so I can use it as well. Very very kind service! I've also had their apple pie with custard and it was grand except the custard needed to be a tad sweeter, but it was still enjoyable and i would recommend anyone to try it! The only reason why i can't give Mums 5 stars is that it's a bit expensive, still affordable and definitely worth the money, but not a place i can go to every time I'm feeling hungry... and that's like... all the time.You will definitely go home knowing you had a good hearty meal.
4	Mums, a fun place with great hearty food that will fill you to the brim.  Had the steak and ale pie, this thing was huge, the size of a small bus, very hearty and the flakey shell just dissolves in the thick rich graveyard of the pie. Oh yeah, imagine that. The restaurant has a very hip atmosphere with a staff that is very funny and friendly, makes you feel as you've been going there for years and not visiting.
4	Hearty food at good prices, well served. Not maybe the first choice during the Summer months but last Sunday was a tad damp & chilly so this place drove away the chill with its good sized portions of sausage & mash with sides of mushy peas, topped off with warm chocolate tart & a couple of chocolate-including ice creams.A wholesome, no frills establishment for the whole family.
4	Great comfort food said the poster on the wall. And it was. It was a dreich day and we all wanted some comfort food. Mum's delivered it by the bucket- load. Quality retro dishes that brought back memories. Childhood favourites on the drinks list - who doesn't remember ice cream floats from their childhood. Awesome drink & dessert combo.I had the Spanish chorizo bangers with champ mash & onion gravy. The sausages were packed with chunks of chorizo, full of flavour & meaty goodness. The mash was buttery, lump free and I liked the crunchy sweetness of the spring onions that were mixed through. I opted for a strawberry milkshake to wash it all down. It was the stuff of childhood. Thick, creamy and satisfyingly sweet. In a proper sundae glass too. Most of the group had bangers and mash too. One had the steak pie & declared it as good as her nan's. must be good then. Who doesn't love their nan's cooking.  It was huge too. See the pic.Let's not forget the sweeties. The bill comes with fruit salad & blackjack chewie sweeties. We fought over the fruit salad ones as noone wanted black teeth for the afternoon meetings. All in, a lovely meal delivering comfort as advertised. At a reasonable price. We'll definitely be back again.
5	Great sausages!
4	Great food at a really good price point. Been there 3 times in the last 48 hours for 2 dinners and a breakfast. The staff is whole lotta fun and the music is classic. Steak & Ale pie is amazing and the treacle & date pudding is off the hook. All washed down with a tasty snakebite. Give yourself time though. There was a queue and buy the time we got in, ate and split, it was 2+ hours.
5	We came here for dessert based on all of the great Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed. We shared the chocolate tart and treacle and date pudding. Let me just say both plates were remarkably clean after we were finished. To wash it all down our server recommended I try the Thistly Cross strawberry cider. This is a fantastic cider. It tasted like fresh field strawberries in glass. The quality of the food and drinks and the service are all  fantastic.They treat you like you are family. Plus I love the 1950's diner decor. I would definitely come back again and again.
4	We had the Mums classic and the eggs Benedict. Both were good. The portion size was not too large. The service was fast and friendly. There were plenty of tables on a Sunday morning. No wifi. The waiter also helped us with recommendations for bars for later in the evening.
5	Prior to my trip to Edinburgh, I had researched a few places to dine at that would offer vegetarian versions of typical Scottish fare. This place came up in my search and I was glad that I did since I quite enjoyed my meal here.I came here a couple of weeks ago with an acquaintance. He had never been here either, despite having lived in Edinburgh all of his life. I had the vegetarian haggis neeps and tatties and he got the St. Giles steak and ale pie. Our food arrived promptly after we ordered and the portions were quite large. I've never had regular haggis before, so I can compare the vegetarian version to the actual version, but I will say that if regular haggis tastes like the version I had, I would probably like it. It was nicely seasoned, hearty, and just overall tasty. My dining partner quite liked his dish as well.I like the pseudo-retro vibe that this place has and the food itself was quite good. Good value for your money. Definitely check this place out if you happen to have a quandary about where to dine in Edinburgh!
4	Comfort food? Yes! We tried their cajun salmon and a burger. Both were fresh and tasty! I really wished I tried the sausages but I was in a salmon mood. Great prices, big portions, and very friendly and fast service. We came a bit about 130pm and missed the lunch rush. Otherwise I am sure we would have had to wait.
3	Had the sirloin medium rare (which was cooked more medium to medium well) with coffee marinade. Don't get the coffee marinade -- just burns on surface and leaves a bad taste. Wife had the venison stew with garlic mash -- totally a winner. Garlic mash is like garlic with a touch of mash -- awesome!Ordered kids fish and chips. Fish were dry and my son didn't really eat it -- I don't blame him. Chips were nice... hand cut with skin on.  Overall, some hits, some misses, probably won't come back.
4	I had a huge day ahead of me - about 6 comedy shows in one day (I know) so I needed a lot of energy to help me run across town from venue to venue.  The idea of a good fry up seemed like the perfect idea.  Luckily it wasn't too long of a wait and got a nice quiet table to the back.  I ordered the full veggie breakfast and had your usual flare of items.  I really liked the veggie sausage that was made with carrots and other good stuff.  It also didn't feel too overwhelmingly greasy as well which was good.The place was busy and service was a tad slow but they completely made up for it with their personality when they got around to you.  It's a nice place to chill out for a bit and not feel rushed for anything.I'd like to come back and try some of the other lunch/dinner options.  Next year at the Fringe!
2	First I want to say that the people here are lovely!I was so looking forward to going after reading the reviews, but it was a disappointment. I had, well...bangers and mash with gravy,  the bangers were ok, the mash was ok, but the gravy was a bit tasteless! how can that happen?? It's their thing, it's what they do! It should have been hot and tasty and comforting and scrummy..but it was just ok.My friend is a veggie and I felt for him, 2 skinny slightly burnt veggie sausages with that uninspiring gravy, it and he looked very sad. Our visit was during the festival so maybe just a bad night? anyway we wont be going back..a shame really, because it sounded like heaven.
5	Achhh! (that's my attempt at sounding Scottish) So good!Walk in and you're immediately greeted by super friendly folk.  Including our amazing waitress server person Naisha (spelling?) who immediately chatted up a storm with us over a range of topics including my ridiculous Tardis hat and my Muse hoodie, because who doesn't love a bit of Muse, and of course, our unique N-names.Drawn to Mums because of the promise of traditional British fare, and they definitely delivered!  My American travel companion and I (also American, but resident in the UK) tucked into some sausage and mash, with a variety of sausages including one I made her get because I wanted to try called Satan's Revenge which was insanely spicy and delicious.  I was pointed in the direction of a special pie they had that was off the menu and filled with various game meats including venison, pigeon, and pheasant, although I think there were more.  Oh my goodness, that pie comes out and its pastry top is bigger than your head!  And I have a giant noggin!  And it was SO tasty!  Had the leek and bacon mash with it, which admittedly needed a bit of salt, but with the brown gravy, was a-ok.So another good review on the pile for Mums!  Its popularity is not unwarranted.  Go!  Eat some tasty comfort food like your British mother would cook, but I don't have a British mother so I just have to run on the knowledge that it's just darn tasty.
1	Home cooked food doesn't necessarily mean it will be good. I assume the person at home still has to be a good cook. All the food here was pretty bad. Cheap and frozen, It's a bit like their mum did actually go to Iceland. The staff were a bit bizarre too. Really quite unhelpful.
4	While visiting Edinburgh I went to Mums to try the traditional Scottish food haggis for the first time in my life. I had heard good things about the place and I was not disappointed. Mums is a small local eatery with a very friendly staff and good food at very reasonable prices. The next time I'm in Edinburgh I plan to go here for breakfast.
5	Mums--So fun!!!!! Great food. Great service. A lovely dry wit waitress. Made us laugh loads. Left us to ourselves.  The wine was divine. I ended up having two "holiday" size. Large :). Can't wait to go again!!!
5	Mums--So fun!!!!! Great food. Great service. A lovely dry wit waitress. Made us laugh loads. Left us to ourselves.  The wine was divine. I ended up having two "holiday" size. Large :). Can't wait to go again!!!
5	Such an awesome spot.My brother and I popped in here one late afternoon for a bite to eat. We were greeted by a dancing waiter who led us to a table. He had impressive moves! Have I always been a fan of disco? I'm not sure--but while sitting in Mums you can't not groove along to the constant disco beats, and our waiter certainly could not keep his dancing hips still. What a guy!I ordered some Mac & Cheese while my brother ordered a trio of sausage and mashed potatoes. We both devoured our meals feeling much more comfortable and closer to home than we had when we walked in. Definitely just a fun, easy place worth visiting if looking for a inexpensive, tasty meal...just like Mum made!
4	We went to Edinburgh to meet a friend who had done his undergrad there and he brought us to Mums. It was morning but everyone was really friendly - almost too friendly!I had a pancake stack for breakfast, which was great. The combination of maple syrup, pancakes and streaky bacon just hit the spot. If I'm ever in Edinburgh again for breakfast this will be what I want!
5	Sometimes it's neither the sights nor the monuments a city has to offer but the food and the delightful people. I had the friendliest server, Paulie, who served an amazing shepards pie and took the time to chat it up with me to make me feel at home in a city halfway across the world from me. It's a very cozy little joint with the best service (especially considering it is not dependent on tips as I am used to!) I will definitely return to Mum's the day I return to Edinburgh.
5	Being from the southern United States where great comfort food can be found in delicious abundance, I wasn't sure what to expect from this place. I was greeted by a nice warm atmosphere and an incredibly nice staff. The place really does make you feel like you're at home. As I was looking at the menu there were so many dishes that caught my eye but then I saw the pumpkin and sage pie and I can never pass up anything with pumpkin in it. The pie itself was quite big and it also came with a side of vegetables and chips. The flavors of the pumpkin and sage went well together and neither overpowered the other. I went home stuffed as could be. This is a great place to go for some delicious comfort food and one I will definitely go to again.
3	Been hearing about this place for some time. I *want* to love it but the service is a bit patchy. The food was nice. Lovely, in fact, and locally sourced which is awesome. The prices are on the high side for what you get. I had veggie sausage with chipotle and cheese mash. 7 quid and not a vast portion, either. I ordered drinks and they never came. Had to get up and go find my waiter who was busy sending a very important text. I think this place has a great concept and obviously good cooks in the back. Sort out the front end service and you've got a winner. The kids menu is pretty great. Will go again. My friends had the pies and these were spectacular.
5	So I finally made it to Mum's and I'm happy to report that it lived up to expectations. Essentially you should know whether or not you're going to like this place from how it is advertised... it's a comfort food joint with a retro, almost diner type, edge... what you see is what you get so if the idea of a few sausages and mash doesn't do it for you then it may not be your kinda place.  (They do have some other mains, the haggis seemed a popular choice our particular day, but the sausages and mash are the primary stars.) The good news is in the staggering amount of choice for said stars... I had a hard time trying to decide what to get, eventually going with the Mexican Hot (yum!) and a Pork, Garlic, and Thyme Sausage atop of a Mushroom and Garlic Mash with Caramelised Onion Gravy.  The Mexican Hot was excellent, definitely on my list to order again if it happens to be available... the Pork, Garlic, and Thyme Sausage was actually quite good, but probably the most like sausages I've had elsewhere... if you've ever gotten a Tesco Finest Pork & XYZ sausage, it was along those lines... no fault to them however, I really should have realised this from the name to be honest.  A friend of mine got the Beef and Guinness Sausage which was excellent and left me a smidge jealous. (Food envy is definitely a real thing!)  The mash was as described and quite good as well... I personally will work my way through another type next time, but out of curiosity as much as anything else. The service was friendly, but just a tad slower than I would have liked... not slow enough to be called bad however, and when you were being attended to it was very personal and friendly which I adore. The place itself works for what it is and eerily reminded me of somewhere you would find in Little Five Points, Atlanta... that's certainly not a bad thing, but it had made me wished I had dressed a bit cooler that particular day as each of the other customers pretty much looked like they could have been in a band and shamefully I was sans waistcoat this particular day. They only have a few beers on tap, but the two choices we partook in that day were winners for us... one being the Thistly Cross Whisky Cider, which really caught the three of us off guard in how good it was, with the other being a Tempest Red Rye beer which was also extremely good, both complimenting the meals nicely. We didn't have desserts, but what went by did look extremely good and despite not being able to have them (blasted lactose!), I really liked that they had milkshakes on the menu. One of the best bits about this place to me is that the prices match the food... you're not going to pay an arm and a leg to eat here despite the "cool" factor. As a last note for those that this applies to... they actually had several veggie sausages on offer as well, some of which seeming as adventurous in composure as their meaty counterparts, so don't be scared to stop in here with your meat hungry friends.  (Aside from that they had the compulsory Veggie Haggis as well should sausages not be your thing.) So there you have it... good comfort food at good prices, some days you really couldn't ask for more.
4	I went here once with a friend for an early dinner.The food is classic comfort food and it's such a nice atmosphere. Everything's priced reasonably.
5	OooOoOoOOOOoooo. Bangers and mash make me a happy lady. My tum is thanking me even now, eight hours later.I came here for lunch with Sally L and between us we sampled the herby sausage, plain sausage, and one of the day's specials, a pork and ale sausage; chipotle mashed potato and cheese and onion mashed potato; and tomato gravy and caramelised onion gravy. Goodness me.The sheer enthusiasm for the menu shown by our waitress, the delight she took in recommending her favourite dishes (the venison is a winner, apparently) and helping us to choose the best combination of sausage, mash and gravy was worth the fifth star in itself. But the food didn't let this down - super flavoursome, obviously good quality, and very hot. I had a chocolate milkshake, too, which was just as a milkshake should be; ice cream based, and thick enough to stand a straw in.I'll be back for sure! I was having an iffy morning and lunch here was just what the doctor ordered to set me back on track and go into the weekend with my head held high! And my stomach held in my hands...
4	Mums? Why have I never visited you before?A fantastic lunch with Cressida F - we shared plates to expand the tastes. So I got to taste three diff types of sausages (Nom!) and two different types of mash (Nom! Nom!)I also caved and ordered a milkshake after watching Cressi drink hers for 20 minutes. It was delicious!The service was excellent. Such enthusiasm with the menu was infectious and I wanted to try everything!Glad to visit and looking forward to the next time. :)
4	Forget fine dining, this place does, as it's name suggests, good traditional home cooking. Sausage and Mash, Pies, etc. But unlike my mum's home cooking there is a great range of sausage, numerous ways you want your potatos, etc and they will serve you alcohol with it to, definitely not my mum's way.The food is good, the staff a brilliant, quite crazy, and the atmosphere is relaxed.
3	Love the decor!After a late night boozing, me and my boyfriend needed a greasy breakfast to start the day. I had the classic breakfast and it was... You know. A classic british breakfast. My boyfriend had bangers and mash, and he really enjoyed it. The gravy was yummy (and I was totes jelly of his food).The coffee was awful, but maybe we are too picky about our coffee.I thought this place would be packed with hipsters, but the mix of people was great! Families, groups of friends, older people, you name it!
4	The food is nice if u r a fun of British food, u will have a range of selections of the sausages and flavour of the mash as well as the gravy, and they also have the days special so u won't find it boring if u go once or twice a week, however I found sometime the gravy could be bit more so we don't need to order an extra portion of it. I do recommend the larger, it tastes like Forster Nice service but I couldn't remember if they have service on ur bill. The location is very convenient for visitor since it is just right next to the museum of Scotland and many spots, but if u r a local and u r driving, it could be disaster for finding a parking place.
4	This restaurant was conveniently located behind the National Museum of Scotland and it wasn't crowded at all. I tried the sausages and mash (Mum's herby pork) with caramelized onion gravy and garlic and mushroom mash. It's really nice that you can choose from so many flavors of mash, sausage, and gravy. The mash was lovely. The sausages were actually less yummy than I expected. My husband had a burger with fries (chips). I thought his burger was dry and not very good. The chips were just so-so. I'd avoid the burgers. But the prices here are generally reasonable and portions very filling. I'd like to come back and try more of the menu.
4	The bangers and mash were really good. Just the different selections of sausage and mash alone are amazing. The pies are really good as well.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner at Mum's. I was in the mood for good old comfort food and ordered a burger was pretty much about the size of my face. It came with home-made wedges and a side salad and I opted to top it with blue cheese. And it was goooooood. The other half went for sausages and mash, one of the signature dishes on the menu. You can choose your sausages, mash and gravy options so it's very personalised and fun. The banana split was lovely. The chefs had caramelised the banana and there were three different flavours of ice cream, topped with more cream and chocolate and sprinkles. Good times. The portion size was ample to share.Atmosphere was warm and happy - lots of people out for their dinner, good tunes over the speakers and really friendly waiting staff who were always keen to help even though it was mega packed.Lastly, a thumbs up for the loos, which had brilliant black and white murals of popular culture icons like James Bond and Mrs Peel. Win!
4	A great little spot away from the touristy Royal Mile.  Good home cookin', classic cartoons, friendly service and a great music play list.Eat in or take away.Breakfast was extremely satisfying - the Classic breakfast was classically good.  The local sausage was yum, as was the bacon, blood pudding and everything else on my plate.  The eggs with smoked salmon was also very good.The best part: a wonderful cup of coffee with warm milk - done perfectly from their espresso machine.Service was friendly, but a bit slow.  Would like to return for lunch.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!!No frills but fun atmosphere.
4	This place has the special combination of spirit and good food. Great ingredients prepared very well and delivered with gusto . The place is also relaxed and conducive to casual chat and meeting new people. Will return another day.
5	Good food at a reasonable price. We had the bangers and mash, haggis and date pudding, all were really good. The service was friendly  attentive and entertaining.
4	Had an awesome recovery breakfast here. Very extensive menu, but couldn't go past the bangers and mash. Sausages were tasty, with 6 or so types to choose from. The mash was so good, with so many options to choose from! Topped off with gravy, was a great start to the day.Nice relaxed atmosphere with cool music and fun, kitschy layout. Service was good too and waitress very friendly and helpful. Would definitely come again!
5	Best Bangers & Mash Ive ever had! I'm from the States but everytime I'm in Edinburgh I'll be right here eating these Bangers & Mash. So much fun combining all the bangers, the mashes and the gravies. Ate here at least a dozen times while I was there for five weeks last summer. Amazing.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Edinburgh!  I've eaten there probably around 10 times and have brought all my family and friends who have visited to eat there at least once.I always get the same dish - 3 sausages with mash and gravy (completely gluten free!).  There's a huge selection of different sausages (they're all very high quality stuff) and the mash and gravy comes in a lot of different flavors too.  My favorites are the lamb and mint, the herby, and the pork and apple sausages, with the horseradish mash and the tomato and thyme gluten free gravy.It's pretty reasonable prices - 8 pounds for the 3 sausages, mash, and gravy.  And if you're here for the festival, then it's very close to many festival locations.
3	The shakes are amazing so start off with that! The Reese peanut butter one and crackle one are good! I got the fish pie which was alright but my friends got the venison pie and another got the stake ale pie which was better! The pastry is freshly baked on top of the pie and is super crispy and flaky! The wait however was about 30 min and the service was slow but the waitresses had really fun attitudes!
2	Why is everyone so gassed on mums? I think this place and its staff believe its own hype a little bit too much. Don't get me wrong the food is OK...but the milkshake was so milky and I like my milkshakes thick with loads of ice cream. The date pudding dessert was gorgeous but my venison stew and mash were totally average.
5	Great sausages :)Quality of restaurant, price of streetfood and speed of takeaway.
5	What a gem of a place!!! Excellent food and a great environment. Tried the sausage of the day "lamb and mint" it was just delicious.
5	Great comfort food that any mum would make for a child!Order sausages! Lamb and mint is the best! And the pie is also nice.Overall me and my bro are happy with the food and the price! Reasonable price. Will def go back if we have a chance!
