5	My boyfriend and I decided to visit this new comedy club on opening weekend to see one of my favorite Chelsea Lately round table regulars, Jo Koy.I have worked for a business during grand openning and the only thing it means is inevitable chaos. Systems, in theory, have been created but something is always bound to fail. The only way to maintain structure is to adapt without freaking out. The staff at Stand Up Live did just that. They did a fantastic job on keeping things organized without having a lot of guidance. There was a line to get in for the late show so I was thankful we planned to arrive relatively early. The procedure for seating was perfect. They had approximately 20 hosts/hostesses on a rotation basis to seat each group. The seating was great with lines of tables facing the stage so no one in the house had their back to the stage. The server greeted us immediately and was knowledgeable and friendly. We did not eat but drinks we great. From the looks of the food, we regret choosing to eat at another restaurant prior to the event.The comedians were hilarious. Because it is a relatively small venue, everyone in the house was very close to the stage. It created a very imtimate feeling with the performer. When they interacted with the crowd, you could actually see who they were talking to/about. The only downfall was at the end. Because there is a two drink minimum, the servers cashed everyone out at the end of the show... at the same time. So running all the cards and bringing back receipts took at least 10 minutes. This is the part where I feel the kinks will be worked out. In theory, it's a great idea but when you don't have enough registers to ring out everyone at the same time, it takes a little while. I have no doubt this will be fixed the next time we go.Help support this local business. Go to Stand Up Live for your next comedy show!
3	So glad to have more entertainment options in downtown Phoenix; however, they were not very organized on opening weekend.  Jo Koy was hilarious and well worth the $25, but please explain to me why there was a $2.50/ticket charge to pay by credit card???  There was a 2 item minimum and the drinks were outrageously priced...we felt completely ripped off!  Hopefully you'll get your act together, but this place has potential.
2	Stand Up Live has potential. It's nice, comfortable, and a new venue. However, it's extremely over priced. You have to order two drinks minimum per person. My boyfriend and I are on diets, so we opted for bottled water. We were in shock when the bill came... $24.83 for 4 bottles of SPARKLETS water. If you're going to charge those prices for water, at least make it Voss or Evian. WTF?! After the show we walked by CVS who had 20 bottles of Arrowhead water on sale for $2.66. Wow. I'm all for supporting local businesses, but I really feel like I was bent over and done dry.
3	My sister, Mom and I attended the Frank Caliendo early show this past Saturday and were overall pleased with the experience. Since Stand Up Live is a new establishment, and after reading some of the reviews of the place, I was a little worried about how the venue worked and if it would be potential chaos. But, I have to say, they were very organized. We got there a little later than we should have. In fact, I thought we were going to be too early.  We were there about  45-minutes before the show started, and after waiting to get my tickets from the will-call booth, we headed upstairs to wait in line.  When we handed over our tickets, the host, with menus in hand, shepherd us into the theater. It was already packed! Seating is on a first come, first serve basis, but thank god it wasn't a free for all. The host led us to a table where we were seated with three other people.  The tables are pretty small, but we are tiny people, so it wasn't too big of a deal.  Every seat seems to have a good view of the stage.  The tables are all at an angle, so no view is really obstructed. We perused over the menu, which consisted of mostly sports bar-like food: hamburgers, chicken fingers, sliders, fries, etc. -- nothing really spectacular. The prices were a little inflated, but it is the price you pay for most entertainment venues. I had a hamburger and fries and my sister and mom had the chicken fingers. Everything was descent, but nothing to write home about.  Since it was a two drink minimum, I decided my first drink would be a cocktail.  Of course, there were no prices for the drinks. I have to say that bugged me. Sure, I could have asked, but how cheapskatish would that have been?! I figured most of the cocktails would be about $10, and I was about right. My Cosmo was $11. Crazy, in my opinion, especially when there barely seemed to be any vodka in it. My second drink was a Bud Light. A better buzz would've come from two of those, instead of the Cosmo, plus it was nearly half the price!  If you aren't a drinker, or you can't fathom paying an arm and a leg for alcohol, don't fear, soda was only $3. The show started late, and people were getting antsy, but once the opening act started people seemed to be having a good time. There was a heckler at the beginning of Frank's act, but he was dealt with. Frank was hilarious, and I thoroughly enjoyed him.Near the end of his act, our waiter came by to drop off the bill. I knew ahead of time that gratuity was included, and kind of wondered why, but I thought it may have something to do with shared tables and different bills. I'm probably wrong on that, but either way, I don't think it is a big deal to do that.  In fact, I think it makes it easier for everybody. All in all, the evening was a success in my book. I liked the venue, the staff was nice and the set up was cool. Some of the things I wish they would change, though, is the two drink minimum.  I think because they offer food, it should be a two item minimum. I don't think they would lose out on money by doing that since the price of food is a lot more than if you just bought two sodas and no food. Also, I wish they would mention at the end of the show about getting your parking validated.  They mention it on their website that parking is free for the first two hours with validation, but I completely forgot about it on my way out and ended up having to pay $6. Not a big deal, but slightly annoying.Having my first experience at Stand Up Live has definitely prepared me for my next visit. I know now to get their super earlier to get a good seat, don't buy a cocktail or food if you want to save money, and make sure to get your parking validated.  That will make my next experience that much better!
4	I've never been to a comedy club before, so I have no idea how this kind of thing works on the regular. I can say, I felt pretty confused during most of my experience at Stand up Live. A few friends and I ate dinner downtown, and then walked over to the comedy theatre around 8:45pm. The show wasn't scheduled to start until almost 10pm, and the line outside of the comedy theatre was astronomical. I gotta say, waiting in line that long outside, people definitely got frustrated as to why they couldn't go in and sit down in the theatre, order drinks etc. Again, I am a comedy novice, so maybe this is how all comedy theatres work? Anyhow, we get inside and sit down, and I order a pomatini and the spinach artichoke dip. Both were phenomenal! The drink was well balanced, and the dip was so good that I wanted to bathe in it. Word of caution: do not expect your service to be lickety split. The theatre seats a lot of people, and you could tell the servers were hustling to get things done. It still took a good 20 minutes to get food/drinks out to the tables. I've read some reviews already that suggest the food/drink is pricey, but truth be told I didn't feel the prices were off-point at all. My pomatini and spinach artichoke dip, with an automatic 15% tip came to about $21 which is right where it should be...about $9 for the drink and about $9 for the dip. The tip was added automatically even though I was just paying for me...but maybe because I was part of a larger party they added it...*shrug* another point of confusion. I felt that my server should have said something before running my card and adding in the 15% without me knowing. I wasn't mad about it, but I could see that being a problem for other folks. Either way, I could tell the server was working pretty hard to keep up with everything so I didn't mind leaving him 15% and actually I gave him a few extra bucks for good measure. The theatre itself was very comfortable to me, with the decor being seemingly unremarkable. The audience should be focusing on the comic after all.  The booths we were at had tables that were not move-able, so our friend that is pregnant definitely had difficulty getting in and out of the table with her belly. I cannot even imagine someone that's heavier set sitting at one of those booths, so I recommend a table versus a booth if you qualify under that description. Overall, it seems that there are some aspects of the venue that will get ironed out in time, as they have only been open for about a month. Ill be giving it another whirl here in a bit and see if things have changed at all.
1	The show was great.  The service was not. We were sat by the host who put us in a section that was reserved and then we watched as he  argued with the other hostess about where to put us (very awkward) they finally got us to a table. Server came by, took our drink order (two of the drinks were so bad we sent them back)   and then we didn't see her again for another hour. Overall all of the staff was working in chaos. Some tables made signs asking to send a server over (it was that bad) the server forgot our food orders and drinks we had to keep asking for things over and over again. What I didn't like was that they included a tip on our two person  tab of 15% for service that was no where near deserving of it. Show was great but the overall experience was BAD .
2	Just like the previous reviews I have no issue with the comedian. Ralphie May was hysterical and gave a hell of a show. He even tried to take responsibility for the fiasco that occurred last night at this show.  He ran late on his 1st show and the ticketed patrons waited outside for nearly an hour after the scheduled start of the 2nd show.  Ralphie tried to apologize and take responsibility for the delay and defend the wait staff at Stand Up Live.  An admirable gesture Ralphie but there is no excuse for the horrendous service at this club. If Stand Up LIve staff knew that the 1st show ran over and they were cleaning the venue for the 2nd performance would it have been too difficult to send a staff member outside to inform the ticketed people waiting outside in 90 degree temps, even at 10pm.  Many people began approaching the ticketing window and asking for refunds.  Once inside the full out seating was uncomfortable and way to crowded.  I can't believe the fire marshall signed off on that many people in a room and only one main exit. Perhaps there are other emergency exits but because the restrooms are located in the lobby I had a constant stream of people walking in front of me for the entire 2 hours of the performance. Because we were obligated to a two drink minimum we had to order something.  The service was terribly slow, the drinks extremely over priced and the food was terrible.I am not even going to get into the acoustics of the room which were also very bad.
5	Stand Up Live had an amazing atmosphere and the restaurant connected was fabulous. Copper Blues, gotta check it out!!!
2	A nice new facility, but with some shortfalls that has little to do with the staff, but most likely the people who run the joint.I've been here twice now, and both visits have ended in an akward 10-20 minutes after the show waiting to receive our bill and/or have our bill cashed out.  I don't know if they just don't have enough servers for the number of people that can occupy the place, but they really need to evaluate efficiency here.  Our server was extra slow last night because the people next to us tried to skip out on a $100+ tab, which crossed our mind as we waited after the show and half the place cleared out before receiving our bill.  If this becomes a regular thing I see it becoming a problem as the novelty of a new club wears off and they have to rest on their reputation and service.Oh yeah and 15% auto gratuity no matter what the size of your group?  Very sneaky!
1	This past Friday, I was downtown with some friends, one who had turned 40 and had never been to a comedy club before, so why not!  Tickets were only $22!  Wow, ok, to see comedians from Chealsea Lately show, ok why not!  We received 2 for 1 drink passes to go to the bar next door and they would give us a buzzer to get in prior to people waiting in line.  Ok that seems like a great deal!  Umm..the 2 for 1 has to be the same drink, the waitress somewhat rude, and kept asking if we wanted food..nor did she tell us that we can bring the second drink into the show with us..9:45 came and went, and they were still not allowing people in.  When we finally got in, we got center area in the second seating area, so people were walking past us all the time!  And I mean ALL the time even with the comedians performing!  Seriously, people don't have to get a drink that much! At least , do it between acts!   But no, all through the show. So our waitress, rude and just unfriendly..2 drink min., of course some prices were not on the menu..a coke $3 in a plastic cup, seriously!  And then I was asked at least 2 times,to get my 2nd drink,  during the acts! Seriously, can I watch the show!  I just asked for a bottled water to go, she came back with the cap off, so I asked for the cap and she did bring me a new one.  $5 for water.  I got the macaroni and cheese and it was just horrible for it to be $12..so our check was around $50. I wouldn't complain, if it was good but it wasn't at all.  And again, people in front of us the whole time! Even the waitress were standing in front of us, taking the peoples orders in front of us.  And like everyone else, we had to wait afterwards for the bill which already had the gratuity added, nor did we add more, service did not deserve it. Comedians were ok, not as funny as I thought they would be. All in all, I probably won't go back.  I went to StandUp Scottsdale and had a totally different experience for the better.  I would've thought this club was in Scottsdale  and Stand Up Scottsdale was located in Phoenix.
4	I loved the comedians!  They actually have some really great talent coming to the place.  However, drink prices are crazy high and the wait staff gets in the way a lot.  I also HATED waiting outside on the stairs to go into the place...that is just stupid to do in ARIZONA!  But over all, I liked it and I would go back!
2	As a comedian who's been to dozens of comedy clubs, I was extremely disappointed with the disorganization of StandUp Live.I live in CenPho. CityScape is something I'd been anticipating and happy to have Downtown. It's about time we get a real comedy club here! I'd rather spend my money locally than drive to Tempe.(I WON tickets to see Chris Titus, but they were $25 each which is more than fair to pay for this kind of talent. Review is based on the rest of the experience.)My email notified me to be at the venue for the show, which was supposed to start at 9:45. We got there at 9:30. And stood in line at will-call for 10 minutes. (She asked for our parking stub to validate. Thanks!) There was a big group in front of us, a few behind us and ONE girl working the ticket booth. One. On a Friday night. For Chris Titus. Fail #1.As we walked upstairs, there were people lined up, waiting to get in. They gave out a buzzer to let you know when it was your turn to be seated. What??? Why not seat people as they showed up? Don't you want people to start ordering drinks & food BEFORE a show starts? I've gone to clubs early to have a bite to eat and get settled before the show starts. Besides, like comics like to say "The more you drink, the funnier I am."  Fail #2So, we wait. We were told to go into the lobby, with our buzzer, to wait to be seated. Servers were lined up to take each party to their tables. That's the only nice touch of the evening, but even they were backed-up. (It was nice, though, to be out of the monsoon heat!) My buzzer started to blink, so I went to the podium to let the girl working there know. I was informed that it also had to vibrate to get seated. WHY DID IT START BLINKING, THEN??? Fail #3So, we waiting another half hour. By then, it was after 10:30. The show was supposed to start at 9:45. (So I was told) I am ok waiting a little while. It was the second show of the night, tables have to be cleaned, etc. But it was now almost an hour past the time I was told it would start. Fail #4Two people in my party went into the bar next door to get drinks, which didn't count towards the 2-drink minimum. Wait, what? Patrons are spending money within the same company, yet those drinks don't count? Fail #5Finally, we were seated. Our server happened to be a fellow comedian, and he did a great job. He was the only saving grace of the evening (besides the entertainment itself.)Chris Titus wore a wireless mic, which is great for his act, but the volume? Fail #6 I wish I had checked our tab (and other reviews before going) at the end of the night. Based on the other reviews, we may have been charged the gratuity, but we still left a tip. Prices were CRAZY and NOT on the menu. My friend's martini was $11. And it was TINY. She never would have ordered it if she had known how much it was. I got a non-alcoholic pina colada, which was $6. That's a fair price, but still not on the menu. Fail #7Our server let us know when last call was & we got our bill in a timely manner. We all paid cash (which, based on other reviews, I am thankful for!) and got our change promptly.The show finally ended just before 12:30. Again, Titus was awesome and did a 90-minute set. But for the long wait to get our tickets, get in line, get in another line and get seated made the evening not as enjoyable as I had anticipated.I really hope StandUp Live gets their seating & serving system more organized. Apparently, they were "trying something new" last night. That's something that should be worked out on a slower night, NOT when you've got a few hundred people waiting to see a national headliner who's also had TV shows & is incredibly popular. Please, please, please find a system that will make patrons happy & comfortable to be there! I would hate to see this club not do well because of some little adjustments that could be made NOW, rather than when it's too late.We NEED to keep a comedy club Downtown. We NEED CityScape to succeed. But multiple bad experiences by a lot of people aren't going to help the cause.
3	The talent that Stand Up Live has been able to book has been great.  The facility however could use some tweeking.  The entry way and exit area are a bit disorganized, difficult to get in and out of during the seating time between shows.  Inside, there really isn't a bad seat in the house due to the way the seats are staggared.  I would be happier if the menu were a little more sophisticated, standard wings and burger type fare.  Tickets are typically $25.00 a person which I think is really fair.  What isn't fair, is the two drink minimum.  Beers are 5-6 dollars, sodas are 4 and mixed drinks about 10-12 dollars.  Typicallly prices, but I'm not a fan of being told I have to order without a choice.  The servers scramble to get you drink orders and they do a pretty good job without interrupting the flow of the comedians.  I'm sure I'll be back before long.  I'm really hoping that this venue helps push downtown into the busy center is has the potential to be.  It seems to have helped Arrogant Butcher and Tilted Kilt so far.
2	Disappointing comedy theater. Unless you absolutely must see a certain comedian act, save your money. In addition to the cost of tickets, or even if you get free tickets, you will have to pay for an overpriced two drink minimum, per person, inside the theater. Mediocre drinks. Poor quality food. Substandard table service. Opening acts were boring. On high profile nights, you may have to wait in an endless line that wraps around the building along the sidewalk then up a few flights of stairs.But, high marks to the venue next door, Copper Blues! Great place to chill. Over 50 beers on tap, full bar, live music stage, celebrity chef kitchen, professional staff. (4 stars on Yelp)
3	We were there for the 2nd show last night.  It started a little later than expected, but we had good seats and were rather comfortable at our table.  The first 2 acts were not as funny as I would have liked but the main headliner was really good! Kevin Pollock (actor in A Few Good Men) had everyone laughing and is well worth seeing!  We only ordered 2 drink minimum  each, for my wife and myself and the bill came to $45 which included a 15% tip.  So figure on at least a $100 bill for two people to enjoy a couple hours of entertainment.  I think they will do well at this location.
1	All around horrible experience. I had won free tickets to this new club and was excited to check it out. Upon arrival we were told we could wait in the bar next door (yay! no long lines in the heat) we ordered a drink then wondered over into the club. The tables were small and really close together (nothing new for comedy though) but the place was pretty empty so we had plenty of room to stretch out. However, the AC was blowing on arctic (seriously, I've never been so cold my whole life) so it was hard to concentrate on anything besides my shivering. We did ask if they could turn it a tad warmer and were told no. The menu looked pretty good and I'm a big fan of Aaron May's other restaurants. We settled on sliders and cheese curds and were super disapointed. The cheese curds were pretty much empty, picture a mini mozzarella stick without the cheese and the sliders were well, well, well done (totally burnt) and the buns were stale as rocks. Not to mention both dishes were cold. We each ordered a glass of wine as well. The opening acts were horrible and the main act wasn't any better. Serioulsy, no one was even slightly chuckling. And I normally LOVE comedy shows and frequent them often. We decided we couldn't take it any more and asked for our check. We were informed we had to order a second drink (I had thought it was a two item minimum and our food would count but it is actually a two drink minimum). So, we ordered a second drink. When they were brought we asked again for our check and were told they aren't allowed to give checks until the show is over. What??? So basically they hold you hostage. When we finally did get the check there was a 20% gratuity automatically added (for two people, really???). Don't get me wrong I would normally tip that anyways but hate when it's automatic. #fail
4	This a review for 8/21/2011 I saw the 945PM Show With Bruce Bruce with my lady friend and overall had a good time with the people around me.WHAT I LIKED1). The first thing I liked about "Stand Up Live" is how everyone sits together, and there is no individual tables. Its people enjoying the energy and taking in the night as one.. DOPE2). I like that it's small and not some huge overwhelming theater that you feel you can't stand up and move around in, its personal and the audience was in conversation with Bruce Bruce throughout the night.. nice LAYOUT.3.) Food was good, all we had were chicken tenders but sometimes food at entertainment venues can be disappointing so that's a PLUS. WHAT NEEDS WORK1). Service is slow at times, I know its a busy weekend for "Stand Up Live" but ultimately its about getting orders correct, and making sure the guest are being checked on every once in a while. NEEDS WORK.2.) prices were kinda high for just drinks and an appetizer.. damn Bottle of Water was 5.00 a piece like SMDH...to high for water im sorry no excuse.other than the bottom two compliants I think the venue is Unique, dope and relaxed. Crowd was nice, food was good, Entertainment was excellent, host was on point, and The tickets were affordable.. Definitely coming back downtown for another show soon! 4 STARS
5	Great place to have a Birthday Party, or any celebration. I was working with Jillian (who is awesome).  Stand up Live had everything reserved for us and set up. It was a package deal, that everyone was happy with.  The service is a bit slow, so I suggest you order 2 drinks @ once. A great atmosphere, copper blues is great.. yes the show may go over so you might have to pay for an hour of parking, yes you have to purchase 2 drinks in the stand up live section(not including copper blues) If you want to go out and have a good time, you might have to spend some money.. its worth it! Cant wait to plan my next party at Stand Up Live!
5	Another stand up comics perspective:You're getting what you pay for here, I've been here a few times. They've got a pretty good menu, lots of tasty stuff, and if i made more money I'd be all about getting hammered (2 drink min). If you don't got the money, get yourself 2 sodas which will cost ya $6.One complant is that I'd like to see the drink prices on the menu, I know they weren't last time I was there.A suggestion to the club though if you guys read this: Lower the ceiling panels like 6 feet, laughter will bounce around and be waaay louder, as dumb as it sounds... I'm pretty positive that'll be an improvement.Otherwise, I love the talent these guys are bringing in. Keep it up.
4	It has been a long time since I have hit a comedy club on a Sunday night.  My friends and I were next door enjoy drinks when we found out that Steve-O was going to be doing a show that night.  We decided to stay around for the show.  Glad we did.Like most comedy clubs, it a good size, fairly square room.  Also like most clubs, seating is close quarters (not much room between tables).  So if you aren't comfortable sitting close to strangers, probably not going to be your cup of tea.  Since this club hasn't ever allowed smoking, the atmosphere in the club area is fresh (not stale smoke like some older comedy clubs).The food (got a bowl of fries with garlic aioli and ketchup dipping sauces) was reasonably priced, and the drinks while not cheap, aren't really any more expensive than other nicer places around town (I have no problem with $14 for a double of Kettle One).  Can you get a drink cheaper some where else, sure, but a cheap drink usually comes with a cheaper, less classly enviroment.  I will agree with most people that $5 for a bottle of water is a little high, but since I enjoyed everything else about the venue and staff, I am not one to deduct for a single flaw (IMHO).The waitstaff (Amy I think) was friendly and was patient with my slighty obnoxious drunk friend.  My only complaint about the waitstaff was not being told that my friends and I bill (there were only four of us) would be a single bill with gratuity included.  I enjoyed the service and went above the pre-determined amount, but it would have been nice to be given a heads up before hand in case my friends wanted their own seperate bill.Overall my friends and I enjoyed ourselves, and will certainly be returning in the future.
3	This place is pretty good for a stand up venue.  It's right down town and parking is not bad if you know where to go.    It has the typical two drink minimum (soda, alcohol, etc) and the food is pretty good too.  It can be pricey if you dont watch yourself.  i wasn't a huge fan of the seating.. unless you have your own reserved table, get ready to be friendly with people you dont know.  I get it because they have to cram as much people as possible in here.  But still...The sound is perfect and there's not a bad seat in the house when it comes to seeing the comedian.  TIP: Be sure to check the Phoenxix New Times for a chance to win tickets.  Ive been here 4 times and have yet to pay to get in.
3	Six of us went to see Tracy Morgan last night and had our first experience at Stand Up Live.  I can echo much of what has been said by other Yelpers, but here's an abbreviated run-down of Saturday, September 3, 2011:PROS:- national acts (Tracy Morgan, Norm Macdonald, Jay Mohr, Sklar Brothers)- great Website with acts scheduled far in advance- ample room with mostly good seats and view of stage (300+ seats?)- despite our late arrival (right at 9:45pm), all six of us were able to sit together- downtown venue with decent sound and lighting- cheese curds just rightCONS:- awkward check distribution during last ten minutes of set with the waiter flatly demanding, "I want to come pick all of these up at once."  This distracted and confused us given the timing, the dark ambience preventing us from seeing the automatic 15% gratuity, and the personality reversal of our once-chipper server.- exorbitantly prized drinks with no prices indicated on menu ($8.50 for a no-alcohol lemonade, $13 for a Strong Island Iced Tea)- overall cost of experience ($35 ticket, $2.50 service fee, $26 for my two required drinks, street parking near Hanny's = $63.50)- density of seating felt, as one of our party said, like a casino floorI'll return in December for the Sklar Brothers, but not sure about Jay Mohr in a couple weeks.
3	I've got no complaints ... ok a few ... First and foremost was the surprise that not only are the tickets non-refundable but they are also non-transferable. I mean, I went to see Tracy Morgan not The Rolling Stones! Is there some huge underground blackmarket racket for comedy show tickets that I'm unaware of? So just be forewarned, if you buy tickets, make damned sure you calendar is clear that night or you'll be screwed.The interior is beautiful and sight lines appeared to be good from all over the room (we were right up front so I can't say for sure), and of course you have to deal with the obligatory "two drink minimum".  Other than those minor things ... it's all good.
4	Yup... a bit on the expensive side, but I won the tickets to Jay Mohr from a radio station, so that eased the pain a tad. Wifey & I ate here as well, salad and a burger, which was really good and fairly priced. Seating, lighting, sound, all good. They will validate your parking if you park in their garage, which I didn't know at the time we got our tickets at the box office. Overall, I'd have to say it was a really good experience, but I would REALLY want to see the headliner to shell out 150 bucks for an evening's worth of entertainment.
4	Hubby and I saw Gabriel Iglesias and it was AWESOME. had to wait in line in the heat, but other than that we had a great. We didn't eat, had the 2 drink minimum and then hubby had a few more. Bart tab wan't bad for 2 people and alcohol. I think they have taken into account the bad reviews and have fixed a lot of problems.. YEA!
5	Hooray!!! It seems at though SUL (as it's called in the comedy circle) worked out their kinks, now that it's been open for several months.Seating was quick, service was attentive and everything just ran smoothly. I'm glad, too, because the acts were all hysterical. You can bet that this will be my #1 comedy club to go to in the Valley.If you check their website, there are a LOT of amazing acts coming up, too!If you get on their mailing list, you get specials texted to you. Sometimes it's for a free show. Score!Tip: Park in the garage UNDER CityScape. They validate.There is also a monthly showcase of local comedians.
4	Good atmosphere, cool lighting, good sound system.  Drinks are expensive, but there's a two drink minimum - might as well pay the $3 more for the souvenir glass.  Food is expensive also, but it's decently tasty.  Some people like to wait until after to grab food somewhere else.  The tables are arranged in a fashion to fit as many people as possible, so ergonomics was not really taken into account - I was twisting back to see the comedian the whole time.Still gets 4 stars because it was a nice venue for a comedy show.
4	I have been to two shows so far and can't wait to go back! The service is fast and friendly and the lay out of the club is great, not a bad seat in the house. My only qualm would be that the seating can be a little cramped BUT, like another yelper noted, sitting close to other groups does make for good energy!Like them on FB. They post trivia and then give away tickets to shows for answering correctly. I wish this place the best and will definitely be returning!
5	Very fun place to go. Fit was my first time being at a comedy club and this place was perfect. Located in the very nice part of central Phoenix, you are sure to have fun. A lot of upper class people walking in and out. Drinks aren't too expensive. I plan on going here as often as my budget allows.
4	Just got back a little while ago from seeing Doug Benson and Graham Elwood tonight. My only other comedy club experience was a few months ago at the Tempe Improv, so I don't have much to compare to. But we arrived close to 6pm to pick up our tickets and get a good seat before the show. As the club is in a new(er) developed area in DTPHX, the theater is in fantastic shape, nice photos on the wall of various comics, wood furniture, lighting is nice, very good atmosphere. We were seated right next to the stage, and our server came by shortly after to explain the drink specials and take our orders. Unlike the Improv (2 item min.), there's a 2 drink minimum, which does suck, but you can go balls to the wall (I got to drink specials ~$20) or just get a souvenir glass of soda (~$12) and call it a night. My friend and I didn't get any food but it looked really good (and not just for bar/comedy club food). There was some issue with the intro video, but it wasn't a big deal, and as far as the performance, besides Doug and Graham being hilarious, the sound and lighting was great. We stayed after the show to take pics with the guys, and the crew wasted no time cleaning everything down and getting the place ready for the next show. I'll be here next month for another show, but this is def a great spot and I have no complaints
1	I had high hopes for this place to bring some entertainment into downtown. While they may be able to pull in headline acts, I would suggest spending your money elsewhere or waiting until these comedians perform at a more accommodating venue. The customer experience is clearly the last thing that those running this business about. First, no matter what time you arrive, you will be forced to stand in an enormous line outside. Second, you will be forced to order two of their horrendous and overpriced drinks. I wouldn't mind paying $13 for a drink if there was actually alcohol in it. You will be best sticking with beer or wine- the cocktails here are loaded with sugary syrups, ice cubes and food coloring.The food is the usual fried fare you could get anywhere. Everything is served by a waitstaff under the age of 25 who is constantly confused, distracted and overworked. Is it that hard to have a place in PHX where you can see great comedy and get a decent drink for an honest price? Dont waste your money and time.
3	{Actual Date of Visit: 11/18/11}A great night of fun and revelry in downtown Phoenix! Wow! I had such a great time.  I hadn't laughed like that in so long! The headliner was Arnez J of Bet Comic View and Def Comedy Jam fame.  OMG he made me bust a gut!  The next day my neck and head hurt from all the laughing.  The artichoke dip was yum!  This was a cool spot, but I was shocked at the "NY drink" prices.  I'm sorry but everything is supposed to be cheaper out here!  Whatchu putting in the drinks that I don't know about????
4	Overall, I had a great time at Stand Up Live.  I wish the menu and drinks weren't so TGIFridays but this place is great otherwise.  Chris was our server and he did an awesome job!
4	Nice Comedy Club downtown. Check it out! Cool bars next door for after the show.
3	Went to Stand Up Live Saturday night for the 9:45 show. We were shown to our seats promptly. When people say you're packed in, what they really should say is it's worse than eating in NYC--the table next to you is literally two inches from the edge of your small (think shoulder-width) table. So you can hear everything they say. I think it'd be best with a group of four so you can at least turn inwards and talk. It's nearly impossible to get up and use the restroom during the show (but if you do, take a buck because there's an attendant).So the seating is awkward, to say the least. But the sound and lights were fine, and this place is much bigger than the Comedy Spot in Scottsdale, for example. There were more spacious booths in the back and along the wall, but I don't know if you have to request them or what.My biggest pet peeve is drink menus without prices. Our Coronas and Blue Moon beers (all bottled, which is strange when their door-neighbor has a amazing selection on tap) were $6 each. So I can only imagine how much the fruity blended concoctions are.The host wasn't very funny but the warm up comedian was--he's almost ready to headline. We saw few people getting food, but they do have a limited menu.Finally, they wouldn't validate our parking ticket.
3	Last night (Wednesday show) small crowd.  Arrived around 30 minutes till.  We were immediately seated near the stage.  Inside the decor reminded me of a restaurant nightclub circa 1980s.  This place is new though, so it is very clean.  Decided to go to the bar adjoining the show room, there is a stage above the beer taps, a jazz band was getting ready to play, there were lots of drafts to choose from all neatly listed in menus on the bar.  Sadly there was not a bartender.  We waited for 10 minutes.  No one ever materialized.  We left to go grab a beer at Lucky Strike.  The bowling alley has a nice uncrowded bar.  $2 16oz. beer during happy hour.  Back to Stand up live.  We sat down, the theater darkened and an overly loud commercial for "the Gregory Allen show" came on, followed by an advert by Stand Up Live that featured an obnoxious comic.  The comics were all good.       Bud light $5      Blue Moon $6     Sliders $10.50      (beef was tough from being overcooked but the toppings and bread were good)              Spinach and artichoke dip $8 good, standardService was friendly, though it did take a very long time to get our first beers.  To be fair that is most likely "the rush" time when everyone in the place is ordering a drink.  There is a 2 drink minimum.  We had 4 each. Our bill came out to $78, gratuity included on bill.
4	Saw Christopher Titus on New Years Eve, they got us right in and seated, the service was great and there seemed to be no bad seat in the house.  Good atmosphere and lighting although the NYE Decorations were cheesy....the comedian was even cutting on them!  It was a great venue and will definitely be back!
2	Was in town visiting from DC and thought would be cool to check this place out.  The atmosphere and decor of the club was great. They also have an amazing line up of headliners and very good food. But that is the only nice things I have to say about this place. From the time I arrived everything just seemed poorly managed: 1. they opened the doors late and had people wait crowded on the stairs outside 2. had been there for 20 mins before our waitress came to the table 3. Beware of the 2 drink minimum, I understand a 2 item minimum but when I said I will be ordering a couple of food items I was informed I still had to order 2 drinks on top of  the food I was going to have. Give me a break I was the designated driver and only drink water. So I really enjoyed my $5 bottles of water. I have been to a lot of comedy clubs and it is always 2 items not 2 drinks4. Beware of the 15% gratuity they add on to every bill no matter how many people you have 5. The bill was brought out way late the show had been over for 15 mins before I got my credit card back6. Being from out of town would have been nice if they put in the email that they will validate your parking so you don't waste your money parking somewhere else 7. They said there was going to be a drawing at the end of the show that never happened either 8 The list really could go on...I really enjoy going to comedy clubs and go ALL the time and many different clubs. This club has such great potential but the way they try to nickel and dime you almost ruins the comedy experience. If the service and management was better this could be a great place.
5	i went here last night, to see Kevin smith and Jason mewes, it was was great . very nice place.  prices are a little high but it is downtown so that comes with going downtown. the staff was great they were flying around helping a sold out crowd. and i was right next to the stage so i had a great seat. i suggest this place to anyone.
1	First, the parking downtown sucks.  You have to park in a garage, if you can find a space.  There is a two drink minimum,  which for us was 2 beers and two cranberry juices.  The bill came out to $24.00  a bit pricey if you ask me.  The waitress doesn't come around very often.       The first time was about 30 minutes into the show and then about 20 minutes before the end.  She made sure you ordered your two drink minimum.  Gave us the bill while all the lights are off so you can't really see the bill.       Used my cell phone for light and what do I find they add the 15% gratuity for you.  I go to pay with two twenties and she tells me she doesn't have any change.  So she wants me to give her an added 17 and change tip added to the 15% tip.     To show our displeasure My wife and I gave her the twenty, a few ones and a whole pile of change to make up the difference.       When she picked up the bill she told us we could keep the change with a really bitchy attitude.  Mind you she had a fist full of money but I guess they all were twenties since she "didn't have change" for our twenty.   In the end the performance was great but everything else sucked.  My feeling is that they know they have you as a captive audience so the overcharge you and give poor service to just rub it in.
4	This place was in a great location in downtown Phoenix..very good atmosphere and right next door to a restaurant/bar that has live music where you can go while you wait or after the show..the dinner was good..the only real drawback was that the tables did not face the stage which i thought was very strange since that was the main reason for going..to watch the show.  People were packed in tight too at their tables like sardines..not a lot of room for movement.  The wait staff was definitely on top of their game. Overall good experience.
2	THE WORST PLACE FOR DRINKS!!! OMG..they messed up cranberry juice and charged us 4.00 for it..I like the venue..but the drinks are horrible. The 1st time we went there NYE I got a version of a moquito that tasted as though..tropical flavor mixed w/ hair dye taste..yum and then i returned that because it was 11.00 and I wasnt going to pay 11.00 on a drink like that. Then to replace it I got a margarita and that tasted watered down and as though they put oil in it somehow..hmm bad place for drinks!
5	This place is pretty bad ass. Organized seating. Efficient drink service. Funny comedian. I laughed the whole time! I had a great experience and will definitely be back soon. Cheers!
3	I've been to Stand Up Live twice in the past month, first for the Sklar Brothers and then this past weekend for Stephen Rannazzisi. Both were great shows and it seems like Stand Up Live is getting many more big acts. I'll definitely return to this venue in the future for some of my favorite comedians, but I will always go to the early shows which start at 7:30pm and the doors open at 6:30pm.When I went to the late show for the Sklar Brothers in December it started late and waiting in that line sucks. I went to the early Friday show for Stephen Rannazzisi and there was no line and we got a better seat at center stage. As others have mentioned, there is a two drink minimum, but that is pretty standard for most comedy clubs, so I wouldn't complain. I've also tried the pretzels with cheese dip and the chicken tenders. Both were great and I would get them again.My only issue with this place (and it's been mentioned in many other reviews) is the crammed seating at the tables in front of the stage. They really need to remove some of the tables to allow the patrons to be more comfortable and not struggle to watch the show. Next time I go with friends I am considering getting one of the high top tables in the back to be more comfortable since I don't really care about being up close to the stage.Another tip is to park in the garage at City Scape since the first three hours are free with a validation from Stand Up Live. After that it is only $2 per hour.Before the show I highly recommend going to Copper Blues next door for dinner and drinks. The burgers are awesome and they have about 60 beers on tap. I'll be posting a review for them soon!
1	Eff this place. I paid 92 dollars for 2 tickets, 65 dollars for the two drink minimum which included well vodka tonics, and 12 dollars for parking because the show started over an hour late. For that price I would expect phenomenal service and a great atmosphere. Instead, we all got crammed in to the most dangerously packed tables I've ever seen, and were treated like cattle by staff basically just looking to fill our 2 drink minimum before the end of the night, and that was the only service that we got. Our server walked down our table that was easily 40 people long taking drink orders for the whole table at once only to return over an hour later to deliver everyone's drinks at once. Same deal over an hour later. The server was sweet, and it obviously wasn't her fault. This place is just run by the Montgomery Burns of comedy clubs.
4	My wife and I went to the Ralphie May Comedy show on 2/4/12 and we had a blast.  We only paid $6 for parking as the first two hours ( $2 ) are comped by stand up live.  We purchased tickets for the 945PM show but the show didn't start until 11PM and they didn't open the doors until about 1015PM.  However, this was not a problem for my wife and I because the club actually called the day of the show at about noon advising us that Ralphie was performing longer at his shows causing the second show to be late.So we just planned accordingly and had no problems.  Ralphie had an opening act that started at 11PM and by the time Ralphie was done with his routine it was 145AM !  So awesome because we only paid $29 per ticket ( Taxes / Fees included ) and had a great evening with Ralphie.Additionally, there is not a bad seat in the house.  I mean obviously closer the better but when you are buying tickets on short notice its just nice to be able to get in but its also nice not to have a bad seat !Now, the only reason why Stand Up Live does not get 5 stars from me is because of their two drink minimum and the fact that they don't disclose prices any where on the menus forcing you to ask many questions about prices if you care about your hard earned money.Well, luckily for me I did not my research because of the many complaints about the above so at the show I knew what to expect and what I was going to pay.  They have small ass sodas in a plastic cup for $3 and Budweiser in a bottle was only $5.  We also ordered food ( Wasn't A Requirement ) and I will say their hamburgers are pretty darn delicious !  I had the bacon cheeseburger with fries and the wife had a grilled chicken with fries and they were actually priced pretty decent for a club for about $10 each.Another complaint that this club gets is that they automatically add a 15% gratuity to your bill with no prior knowledge to you so be on the look out for that and just plan accordingly.Our bill at the end of the night with the two drink requirement each ( wife had soda and I had Budweiser ) plus the two meals with tax and gratuity was only about $43.  I didn't give the server a tip because he already got $5.55 ( 15% ).In closing, the couple we sat next to had a bill for $38 with taxes and gratuity and they didn't have a meal.  They had two sodas, one virgin strawberry daquirie and one martini.  When their bill came the husband said DAMN !  Exactly, they didn't ask questions.In closing, this club is a great place to catch all the headliners that they seem to have on a regular basis.  Everybody was very nice and we will definitely be back for our next favorite headliner.If you love stand up comedy then Stand Up Live is the place for you just don't get ripped off and ask questions about how much your drinks will because if you don't you will say DAMN too when the bill comes !
1	Three words sums up the experience: AIR CONDITIONING ISSUES!We will NEVER go back to this place again ever due to being packed in like sardines, WHETHER or NOT you get the free tickets.  The first time we were there, about a week before New Year's, the AC conked out halfway through the show.  We were like "well, this could just have been a fluke"  We ended up sweating like pigs and it became the comedy show from h3!!.  :(On New Years, we were hoping and praying that the previous weeks experience was just a bad joke, but it wasn't.  We were watching Titus onstage, and sweating all the while.The drinks are watered down(the Improv NEVER did that to you) and overpriced.  The Improv has a real, FUNCTIONING AC unit.  We haven't ever had a bad experience like this there.  Also, the tables are large enough to really eat on at The Improv, unlike this place.I wouldn't ever recommend this place to anyone, ever.  The Improv is where it is at, unless you only want to go to the bar next door.~Jesse
2	Not worth the hassle...I bought tickets for my husband and I. We got there and noticed that the room is LOADED with tables and chairs in a long school cafeteria style format. The tables were so close together that it was nearly impossible to squeeze between them. I watched many people struggling to get to their seats. Each table is about 18 inches wide. You are sat across from your guest. Our seats ended up being in the middle of one of these long rows...what a joke (punn intended). After about 10 minutes of feeling like I wouldn't be able to escape if an emergency arose, I got up, made my way out and found a manager. There are a number of seats along the walls and in the very back that are more spread out. I asked, when we arrived and were being seated, if we could sit along a wall and was told no that they were reserved seating. When I got to the manager and asked about the seating arrangements, he came back to see where we were sitting. I inquired about the other areas and told him that when I purchased tickets it was noted that all of their seats were general seating. He explained that you have to buy a "bottle" to get one of the booth seats. A bottle? Not wine, but one of the higher ended liquours. Fine- no big deal, what about the other non-booth seats...They are "rail" seats he explained. Those are general seating and you can request them when being seated. I then explained that I did in fact ask to be seated in the back area. He was reluctant to reseat us because he said the house was sold out and they wouldn't be able to get anyone to take our existing seats...what? What about those people who arrive 5 minutes before the show starts? He offered us a desert to be sent to our table free of charge for the inconvenience. Oh well...I chalked it up to "Live and Learn". The manager came back in about 5 mintues and did reseat us along one of the rails. It was on the very far right of the stage, but at least we could breathe.Bottom line:  Not worth the money. The drinks averaged around $10 a piece, which is to be expected. The do not allow food purchase to count toward your drink minimum. They do add a gratuity automatically which they do not tell you and by no means is the service any more than a 15% tip service. It is cramped and uncomfortable and because of this, I was never able to enjoy the show- even after we were reseated. Best Bet: Smaller comedy venues that have a little more of an intimate setting and allow you to get food for your two "drink" minimum.
4	I went here last night to have a good time. Well, I had a great time. The drink selection was huge, and the atmosphere was cool. I laughed the whole night. My only complaint is that it was a little over packed. I will certainly go back and recommend this place to anyone.
3	Came back for the Mitch Fatel show after scoring free tickets, and had a better experience than my previous visits.  We actually received our bill immediately after the show ended (and it was processed in a decent amount of time).  I don't know if this was due to us sitting closer than previous visits, or this was a proactive improvement by management. Either way it seems like this place could be taking a step in the right direction....
1	I'm looking for comedians to start a comedy night in Glendale  if your interested email me cutty20s@yahoo.com
2	I saw Kevin Farley last night and he was really funny. I had a lot of fun but did not think it was worth the money. I got three tickets online and spent about 60 bucks for everything(including taxes,handling fee) There was a two drink minimum for each of us. The menu only had prices for the food but not the drinks. You have to ask the waitress how much the drinks are because they are very very expensive. They make it strong though so I guess its okay. Anyway, I ordered the ultimate nachos for 13 bucks. It was the worst nachos I have ever had. The chicken in it was cold and it was very very salty. There were two opening acts that were good but Kevin Farley was only there for about 40 minutes. Okay so when everything was over, all the waitresses were in a hurry. They gave out checks and the bill already included the 15% tip. My boyfriend had 4 drinks (jack and coke) and his bill was 70 bucks. Since I ordered two margaritas and the ultimate nachos, my bill was about 60 bucks. My friends bill was 50 bucks and he had three drinks. The last time I went to a stand up was at the Tempe Improv. I think the Improv was way better. I don't think I will ever go back here again--unless--- I have money that I don't care to waste.
1	Like some of the others, I am rating the FACILITY not the comedian. The comedy show was awesome and we laughed so hard.I purchased tickets to see David Spade for my husbands birthday. He is a huge David Spade fan and I thought it would be fun to go see a show. Tickets were approx. $100 for 2, which isn't too bad. I realized it is first come first serve (not assigned seats) that however was not good. I was really disappointed when we arrived. We got there about 30ish mins before the show. There was NO parking so we had to park quite a ways away and walk down. It was PACKED inside the venue. We sat on the far right of the stage when you first walk in against the wall (which has reserved seating and the waitress removed it, which I found odd? later I realized why, the security were letting some girls come in and out at their leisure to watch the show). I sat facing the stage, my husband faced me. It was weird. He sat on a tall bar stool. We wanted to order food and drinks, but the server who sat us was not our server, he said he would tell our server what we wanted to drink tho. About 15 mins later our server showed up. I said we already ordered drinks, but he had no clue on what we were talking about. (So it took him 15 mins to greet us pretty much) We ordered some drinks and took another 15 min. to get it.  I forgot to mention that they seat you with other people. If your group is smaller than 4ppl. It was weird. You sit at a 4 top next to another couple. Very strange. The people next to us were like wtf is going on. It is literally like a table face to face and very close. The other couple was very nice, just seemed odd. We tried to get the attention of our waiter, because we wanted dinner, but he just didnt have the time. I saw him taking orders from other people across the whole floor. WTF? I have been a waitress before and have never had a manager put your section that far apart. I watched him in pure distress trying to get everyones order. I wasnt tough on the guy, because I knew he was trying his best with the situation he was given. Finally we grabbed him. It was about 30 mins later so it was pointless to order dinner (which we had waited to eat til we got there) I wish I ordered from the beginning. We ordered the Filet bites, just to ease our hunger. The bites were actually really good and I enjoyed them. We watched the show and laughed and had a great time given the situation. Kevin Farley was there as a "surprise" guest and my husband was in heaven. Then it comes time for last call, we order last call, he comes to our table, gives the couple next to us their order and doesnt give us ours. Gives the couple to our left their order not ours. He totally forgot our order I guess, I actually was glad, because literally the lights came on and that was the end of the show. WHAT you do last call and it takes SO long to get your drinks, the show is over haha!!I forgot to say as well.... The couple next to us actually went to the bar outside the actual theater, because the waiter kept bringing them white wine when they asked for Cabernet. The funny thing is, they pointed at their wine and said Cabernet, red wine (the wine they got from the bar the last time) and he came back with white, they thought a Chard. I said I even heard that! They laughed and said oh well...They were nicer than I, because they drank it. She told me, just to hard to flag him down and she wanted to have the glass, before it would take him the time to get back to her and another drink. When reading the other reviews I think they always under staff and slam everyone in like sardines. Not cool.
4	It was a surprise date night, was told to be ready to go by 8:30pm, but I was running about 15 mins behind, only clue he gave me was that we are going somewhere where there are other people, so that could have been anywhere, so off we went, and boy was I surprised to find out that we were going to see Chris Kattan at Stand up Live! I'm not going to do the review on Chris's show, it was funny, but the review is more about the venue, it was my 1st time to Stand Up Live, I have been to the improv hundreds of times so I was familiar with the 2 drink min but what I did notice is that the table seating is kinda tight, but my date and I sat further back from the front of the stage, we had a long table top of sorts little bit higher than the bottom floor so that with people seating in front of us we could still see the show, I think I prefer were I was sitting. The drink special of the night was called Night at the Roxbury which was raspberry vodka, Chambord, and sprite, that drink was sweet and perfect! I did get 2 of them, also ordered the warm chocolate cake with chocolate & camel sauce and vanilla ice cream, the cake was good, but it wasn't warm, I like warm cake to melt ice cream, but both were equally cold, but it was still good.I found that service was a little on the slow side for me, but once the show started I forgot I was still waiting for my order. It was a great date night, and I will be back! It's great to have a venue down town that host live comedy shows!
3	I had a lot of fun here at the late show for Rhys Darby. I showed up fairly early because I didn't know if there was going to be a long line or not and it was my first time going. Just keep in mind that the people at the front may tell you that you can wait at the bar and not tell you that you have to jump back in line that starts at the stairs and not at the door! If it was just me, I would have thought maybe I didn't understand, but there were several people who lined up at the door who were not told until a long line formed that we would have to go all the way downstairs to the end of the line. Okay. Fine. I'm okay with that, just would have been nice to have been informed. So we get inside and my initial thought was that the place looked really nice and it was a lot bigger than it actually looks. I'd say the only major gripe was the cramped seating! I mean, I'm not a big girl, but I'm not a little girl either! So overall, the experience was okay. If I ever come here again, I'll definitely go to the early show as suggested by fellow yelpers.
2	After my last review I was contacted by management. They said how sorry they were about my experience and that they would love to have me back to give them a second chance. Finally decided to take them up on their offer, hoping they've had enough time now since opening to work out the kinks. We arrived and the lady at the ticket booth said they were having computer issues and it would be a little wait. About 15 minutes later she found my name and handed over the tickets. I understand computer issues happen and was fine with the wait. It was now just a couple minutes to 8:00 (show time) and we went to our table. Our table was a four top in the back of the room which IMO is MUCH better than being at one of the tables closer to the stage (the close ones are WAY too crowded). Our server was nice and we ordered food and drinks. They came out fairly promptly and the food was far better than on my first visit. We eat and drink, It's now 8:30ish and the show still hasn't started nor has anyone been on stage. Figure they're running just a little late since it took longer for people to get in due to the computer issues. But, then a little later the manager comes on stage and explains that the comedian (Amy Schumer) is sick and wasn't able to be there. He said instead they rounded up a few locals and everyone would be getting a refund on their tickets (my tickets were comped anyways so this didn't really apply to me). I have no problem with that EXCEPT that they really took advantage of people by waiting until they got everyone in there ordering food and drinks before they told anyone of the situation.The couple next to us were pretty pissed and wanted to leave so asked for their check but the waitress told them they still had to order their second drink. In a situation like this I think the least they could do is forgo the two drink minimum. If they really wanted to shine and earn repeat business I think they should have told everyone that they would love for them to stay and that everything they ordered up to that point was on the house. The local comedians were pretty good and tried to put on a good show despite the situation. At the end David Spade who was in the audience to watch Amy's show stepped up to the stage and gave a short performance. That was nice but I don't really care who they brought up I still think management should have let everyone know that Amy wasn't going to perform sooner. They had to know by 8:00 that she wasn't there and should have given people the choice at that point to stay or go. So upgrade to two stars for better food and better service by the waitress.
4	Been to a couple of shows here so I feel like I can give an accurate assessment...The seating layout is a bit odd, as they put you at big long tables sitting across from your friends.  It works okay, and I guess there's really no such thing as a perfect dinner / drinks set up, unless you're in a large theater in Vegas.My most recent trip was to see Amy Schumer. The owner came out at the beginning and was up front with us when he got word that she was sick and would not be able to make it. He immediately offered us all refunds for our tickets, tickets to see Jeff Ross the following weekend, and tickets if Amy Schumer would reschedule. In my opinion, that's above and beyond what would be expected in such an unfortunate situation - and it surely didn't go unappreciated! We were able to to get our refund and future tickets on the spot before leaving, so we left without having to wonder about the details.Side note: Kevin Farley and David Spade were originally going to be in the audience for Amy Schumer, but stepped up to the plate to perform a bit for us in addition to all of the above. Way cool!
4	Talk about great customer service in unforeseen circumstances. I was at Stand Up Live last thursday to see Amy Schumer headline. When the show did not kick off on time began to think something was up. Not long after the owner came out and announced Amy was sick and on her way to the hospital. He said to make it up to us not only would the show continue that night but we would be refunded for our tickets, given tickets to see Jeff Ross the following weekend, and when Amy reschedules free tickets to that show. Just the refund and Ross tickets would have been plenty.But them making it up to us didn't end there. After the feature comedienne who opens for Amy and would have been last up they announced they had somebody who wanted to send us home happy and brought out Kevin Farley (Chris's brother) to do a set. When he was done they said they had 1 more surprise and out walked David Spade (who I had known was in attendance from seeing a table reserved for him when I went to the bathroom pre-show).Farley and Spade were great and wanted to make sure everybody went home happy  and we did. Only reason this places looses a star is because the seating is very cramped with 4 people to a table designed for 2. However the service was nice in that they automatically asked about split checks so you don't have to worry about trying to split a check with strangers like some other places *Cough*Tempe Improv*cough*. There were times when we wanted out servers attention and couldn't get it due to the odd seating and him not checking back for awhile at a time.Really my experience was a 4.5 star and they handled a tough situation in excellent fashion. Highly recommend checking out a show here. Ticket prices aren't bad and drinks were decent.
3	Really Nice Venue and The food was fabulous , but the service will not get me to go back there anytime soon.   The service slow and it seemed like the staff didn't have it together, makes me wonder how much money they must lose per night. I saw so much food go back to the kitchen because they couldn't figure out who ordered what. We had been approached a few different times with someone else's food. The other thing is our check came after the show and took a long time to track down our server to come pick it up and cash us out. I would never to it in a million years, but how do they keep track of people from ditching their bill? I would think you would have to show your receipt or tickets to the responsibility to the ticket purchase. I have been to tempe improv several times and our evenings had been flawless, maybe they can take lessons from the experts.
4	If you need to find a place to rent on their off nights this might be the venue for you.  The staff was excellent and they helped kick off the very first Ignite Food.  I'm not here to talk about Ignite Food I'm here to talk about Stand Up Live.  Nice roomy comedy club.  If you ever get the chance to see a comedy act I would say please pick this place over the other big one I know of in Tempe.  They have great staff and a beautiful club and if you are done there and want to do something else there is all sorts of things going on in Downtown Phoenix and it's all with in walking distance of the club, like Copper blue right next door.  Had a great time there!
4	Happy to report that this place is doing great!  They are getting amazing comedic talent in downtown Phoenix and last night was no exception.  Wayne Brady was absolutely hysterical and the kinks have definitely been worked out of this place.  We also saw Jay Mohr last fall and had a great experience.  Looking forward to Dana Carvey next weekend!
3	Saw Wayne Brady and had a blast. I laughed so hard I cried! Service here was disapointing. Not sure if the guy was stressed out because it was busy but don't take that out on customers! We were a friendly group of girls not even being demanding or mean.  Because it was so busy it took forever to get drinks and food. At one point I thought our server forgot about us. He was filling up other people's drinks around us and finally got around to bringing us ours.For those of you not thirsty, you better make yourself thirsty or else because there is a two drink limit... Our server in a not so friendly mannor reminded us of this the very last second.Just to get in that night was 30.00 a person and we purchased tickets in advance. Total for just me was 50.00. Honestly, what made it worth the cost was Wayne Brady and only Wayne Brady.I will probably be back but we'll see.
3	Visited 5/5/12...First about the show...Dana Carvey.  He was outstanding!! He did a wide range from a little impromptu work to start, some regular routines including Presidents, and of course just a small taste of Church Lady.  We laughed the entire time.  The hour he was on stage flew by.  The opening act was also very good.  Sorry, I forgot her name.  She started a little slow, almost like she was trying too hard.  But once she got rolling, she was outstanding. The show started almost 40 minutes late. Considering there was a 9:30 (?) show, makes me wonder if we got shorted time? Which makes the uncomfortable nature of the tables/chairs ever worse -- See Below...Now, about the place....We arrived 45 minutes early, which was 15 minutes sooner than we were supposed to be there. Arrived at 6:15 for a 7:00 show.  On walking into the place, it was very clear that this place was going to be packed. Once again, like other comedy places, they have you packed in one on top of the other. Lines of tables and chairs that make it impossible to be comfortable.  Your forced to turn your head left or right to look at the stage.  It is not possible to sit square to the stage. And forget about getting out to go to the bathroom if you are stuck in the middle.  Sometimes, I really wonder if the managers of these places ever actually sit in some of these chairs for a whole show?  Something tells me if it was them that had to sit in a less than comfortable chair, packed right next to another person, not being able to sit squarely to the stage and having to turn your head left/right for 2 1/2 hours, if they would like it?  We pay pretty good money to come watch a 2 hour show.  I don't think a little comfort is unreasonable to ask!!Service....  Almost gave 2 Stars because of that.  But I hate downgrading due to service because it may just be the that wait staff person.  Drinks were very slow to come out.  We ordered appetizers which were were pretty sure she forgot because everyone else around us got their food, including several that arrived after we had ordered.  I guess a glass of water is a costly thing as it comes in small plastic cups.  Now I know they want you to drink alcohol because that is how they make money, but is a large glass of water along with the three beers I had out of line.   BTW... If you drink beer, it only comes in bottle or can.  Even though the place is connected with a bar that advertises 65 (?) different beers on tap. Hmmm.??  Oh, did I mention that our waitress dropped the marinara sauce for the Calamari?  Didn't spill on us, but hit guy sitting next to us.  She was shocked when he wanted a towel to clean his pants.  Don't think they discounted any of his drinks though.  Could it be that they packed too many people in the place for even the wait staff to move?And of course, the checks start coming out right as Dana Carvey is working toward his big finish.  Talk about distracting when all these wait staff people are scrambling along the very tight tables to hand out checks. Also, the gratuity is already added to the check. 15%... Make sure you check that.  Personally, I usually always tip 20%. But when they add it automatically??  15% is what you get..  Remember, tipping is not required, it is a reward for quality of service.  When it becomes mandatory, well, just think of it as another tax on your final bill. For two of us, two beers, two mixed drinks and a small order of Spinach Artichoke Dip = $59.00.  That is on top of the ticket price.  **I have been to many Comedy Clubs. Although I will admit that I have only recently been to this one and the one in Tempe.  Before, that it was years ago - a time when only drinks were served, dinner/food was not an option, and you got to sit in a more comfortable chair around a cocktail table.  But it looks like the new theme is pretty clear.  Charge good money for a ticket, pack us in like cattle, require us to purchase at least two drinks (or in the case of the Tempe location two items) at a questionably over priced amount and have us sit uncomfortable for two hours. Will I go back, YES. Because I like the stand up comedy.  Nothing offers better laughter and entertainment in my opinion.  But the attraction has to be a big name to make it worth it.  And if I go, trust me, I will only buy the minimum.  There are too many good restaurants around this area to waste money on their overpriced food and drinks!!
5	I love Stand Up Live Comedy Theater! They have a full bar, over 60 types of beer, great food, an amazing staff, and awesome performers! It also has great pricing and it definitely a great place for a night on the town! I was recently there to see Dana Carvey and my server, Christopher Gribble, was absolutely amazing. He knew the menu like the back of his hand, made great recommendations, and was constantly checking on us to make sure we were okay and had everything we needed. He also works at Copper Blues which is right next to Stand Up Live and that night, he was working at both places. Even though he was doing that, he was still amazing and was always there!The next time you go to Stand Up Live, ask for Chris Gribble and he'll make your night amazing!
2	We went back to the club on 2/23 to see Mitch Fatel as we have seen him numerous times in Las Vegas.  Mitch must of been having an off night because he totally sucked on this night.The club itself was its usual self except it was a Thursday and maybe a 1/3 full.  However, everyone inside was having a good time and that's what counts.  In our group, we had seven. We had a blast as we dranked and hung out before the show.  We spent alot of money on this night between the seven of us.  Security kept hassling us as I guess we were being too loud at times.  I can respect that.  Our server said the security guy was new and was just a dick like that anyway.What I don't appreciate is packing us in as sardines making it very difficult to get in and out of our seats to go to the restroom and then ( Security ) griping about it because we are making too much noise and or becoming an distraction.Our server was nice but obviously stressed out by the end of the night but to make a long story short she did make right when it came to incorrect prices etc.Nonetheless, I filed a complaint with the club and I immediately received a response from two of the club owners.  They were apologetic and appreciated my feedback.  Matt Komen ( I believe his name is ) offered me two comp tickets and I am happy to report that I am taking him up on his offer for a show in July.FINAL NOTE:  Stand Up Live Phoenix is a great venue for stand up comedy.  They have all the headliners and a great place next door to hang out.  The food is tasty and reasonably priced.  The drink prices are mind blowing but its a club so what do you expect.  I just hope they don't raise their prices since the Tempe Improv is going out of business.
3	Husband (G.) and I went to see Ben Bailey ("Cash Cab" guy) with a large group of people last Friday night. This was our first time at StandUp Live and although there is a lot of room for improvement at this comedy club, we will be back mainly because of some of the people they have coming up.Although we had a reserved table, we were cramped with people almost sitting on each others chairs. The table behind us was so close that G. got jostled every time a server tried to push their way through. With those servers carrying trays with hot food and multiple drinks above G's head, I was a nervous wreck watching them push through.Speaking of cramped, I find it hard to believe that this club passes fire code. If there was a fire or emergency, there is NO WAY that everyone would get out alive. Our server was not fantastic. She was a bit overworked, but having it take 20+ minutes to get a beer or water is a bit much. And then there was the 40+ minute wait to get bruschetta.We had drink passes so we only ended up paying for one of our drinks and the bruschetta($6). There was no prices listed next to their drinks so I figured the martini would be in the $7-10 range. I was SO very wrong. Our bill was $26! I didn't see the itemized receipt as G. filled out the bill, but if we weren't automatically charged a tip, that means my weak, watered-down martini was $20. I was appalled the next day when G. told me about our bill.The show itself was good. The first "warm-up" comedian was hysterical. I was laughing so hard I was almost crying. Sadly, I don't remember his name. Ben Bailey was funny, but I still thought the first guy was much funnier. Like I said at the beginning, we'll be back, but we'll definitely be expecting poor service and extremely overpriced food and drinks.
2	I will say that the club itself is new, so it is nice inside (once you get inside). They get great talent, so it doesn't matter who I saw, but I did go to the late show of Joel McHale. I'm not commenting on the show as it will vary on who you see and your own preference. My experience was not good, the club showed a lack of organization/management. The show was supposed to start at 9:45 I don't think it started till 11. I'm totally laid back and can handle not being on time, but that is pretty late especially when we have been standing in line outside for 2 hours because their seating is first come first served (lame). When we finally got seated we were at a high top half booth, half table situation along the wall. I thought this was a good spot in the house because we could see and were not all cramped up in the center tables.Now for service...TERRIBLE! We ordered our drinks and 2 desserts. The beers were warm, hard to drink! As I struggled to guzzle it down quick so it wasn't even warmer, I wondered when they put these on ice... We never got out desserts. I saw her write it down, no apology was made. So I'm pretty irritated, by the time she comes around to check on us, it's already into the headliner and I don't wanna be eating now.Parking was $10, Coors light/ Bud Lights were $5, $3 for iced tea, $8 for gin and tonic.I wouldn't go back unless somebody I really wanted to see was having a show, but this is what we're left with. I sure am going to miss the Tempe Improv!
3	Went to Stand Up Live for the first time on Saturday night for the Joel McHale late show. Next time I will be sure to get tickets for the early show.The show was scheduled for 9:45. The boyfriend and I had dinner downtown and then walked over to the venue shortly after 9:00 just by chance. Glad we did! There was already quite a line. So we took our spot figuring they would let us in by 9:30 or so. Not the case. We were not let in until after 10pm. One nice thing was that they did come around with free water and popsicles. Bonus point for that.So we finally get into the club and get seats at a long table. Once you sit down don't even think about getting up or really even moving your chair because you are literally on top of each other. The guy next to me was a bigger dude and I was practically in his lap. I kicked another guy twice just by crossing my legs - sorry guy!  So we thought since we were let in late the show would start quickly. Wrong. I guess they need to allow time to collect their two drink minimum orders. A lot of time. The service was really slow. My boyfriend ordered a drink and a glass of water. The waitress told him she would get everyone's drinks and then bring waters but he should remind her. Remind her to bring his order of water? If she can't remember items like water maybe she shouldn't be a waitress. The drinks were overpriced and WAY too sweet. Surprised we didn't walk away with diabetes.The show finally started close to 11pm. Joel McHale was great and made the long wait, overpriced drinks and overcrowded room bearable. The only way I'd go back to Stand Up Live is if there is someone I really want to see.
2	I'm so bummed the Improv is closed now, as we're only stuck with this venue. The show was excellent and the view of the performer is amazing. Seriously, great inside and had a great time at the show, however everything else was terrible. I can't wait until they step up their customer service game, because then this place will be awesome.We had the 9:45pm show tickets. We waited outside while it was still blistering hot outside. We had nice clothes on and we were all sweating so much. We couldn't get in until 9:45 or 9:50 - seriously? I thought that's when the show started? Nope, it started much later than that. When we were sat we were all super dehydrated but there was no water in sight. Is that even legal? Good god the service was horrible. You have to ask to know what beer is available, because all they give you is a terrible menu full of drinks only 21 year old girls would order (no offense, I was one too). No complaints about the 2 drink minimum, it's standard, but c'mon. At least advertise that you have a full bar. Because god knows it's difficult to hear your waiter when that place is packed. So going back to the fact that we're all dehydrated and pissed from standing in line, we asked for waters right away. We waited FOREVER to get our drinks. DRINKS! And no water. We asked about the water and he said he'd get it for us right away. Not so much. I couldn't wait any longer. We were parched! I marched into the lobby and and asked for assistance getting water. Minutes later the waiter came back to the table and asked if we still needed water. Um, duh? We told him we had to go get it ourselves. Such a poor customer service experience the first time I was there. The girl in the lobby was awesome though, she even helped me carry in the drinks. I would recommend that on a hot day they have pitchers of water available at the tables when guests first come in. You're lucky someone didn't pass out waiting for water at the event!Another issue I had was the prices. It was I think $20 per person for a ticket and the drinks were extravagantly expensive. It was another $20 per person for the drinks. I can't believe we shelled out $50 per person for a night out at a comedy club. I'd like to come back more, but I can't imagine dropping that kind of change often.PS the Sangria was literally the worst drink I have had ever made at a real bar. I would ask for my refund but I was already so mad about the lack of water I didn't want to cause a scene. Stick with the liquors.
3	I have been hearing great things about Stand Up Live and finally got a chance to check it out.  Brian Posehn was the headliner.  He was pretty funny.  I like that there is this stage in Phoenix, where widely known comedians can perform.  It's located literally next door to Copper Blues.  You can go to happy hour and then head over to the comedy show.  I of course recommend going to the first show otherwise you will wait in a really long line for a really long time.  Get there early, so you can get a good seat.  My friends, who I went with, had been here several times before, so they knew where the best seats were.  Don't sit close to the stage, because you will be literally shoulder to shoulder with your neighbors.Service was horrible.  We waited at least 15 minutes before our server greeted us.  Even then, he had greeted the people next to us (they got there about 10 minutes after us) first.  He had no personality, was unapologetic [about my friend getting served her drink in a dirty glass] and he didn't listen very well.  It's a 2 drink minimum.  I had two bahama mama's at $11 a piece.  I also ordered the chicken quesadilla, on which case, I had to ask for salsa.  Tip is already added, which can be a good thing or a bad thing.  If there is a show you're thinking about going to, look for promotions.  My friends heard that if you were one of the first 50 or so callers to call in about this show, the tickets would be significantly less than what you would normally have to pay.Park in garage under CityScape and bring your parking ticket with you.  At the door, they validate it for you.  That's awesome.
3	I've been to Stand up Live about 4 times now.  I love going to Copper Blues for HH and seeing comedy to start a night out.  I saw some really great shows here such as Sklar Brothers, Steven Rannazzisi, David Spade, and Brian Posehn.  I usually have a great time!!  I learned that the 7:30 show is much better because you don't need to wait in a mile long line to get in.   The first time we came to a 9:00 show we had to wait so long to get in and the line was outrageously long.  Now, we head to Copper Blues for Happy Hour and then go over to Stand Up Live!  It's a fun date night, but this last Friday wasn't too impressive.It took awhile for the server to get to us and when he did, we ordered drinks and my friend also got a quesadilla.  When I received my glass of wine it was in a very sticky and cloudy glass.  I asked to get another one, which he brought it to me 10 minutes later with no apology.  I felt that was odd under the circumstance.  There was a group of women a couple feet in front of us and it was like they were out for a sit down dinner.   They were yelling back and forth, talking, and laughing (not even looking at the comedian).   Many workers just kept walking past them, ignoring their very rude behavior.  I understand this is not the establishment's fault, but it should be addressed by someone working there if they know that they are bothering other people.  The talking went on until finally my boyfriend had to ask one of the workers to address the problem.  Overall, I like going to Stand Up Live for the great comedians they are able to get, but I feel the club itself has a lot to work on.
3	When I walked in to Stand Up Live, I was impressed. Finally, a comedy venue here in Phoenix to rival those I have been to in other cities! However, that feeling quickly dissipated when we were seated in uncomfortable chairs at a narrow table, shoulder to shoulder with a group of strangers. When we were being seated, I had asked if we could sit at one of the comfy looking booths but was told that was not possible since their policy is to fill the middle first. Really? Then how did those other people get there? And what exactly is the point of getting there early (as recommended on the website) if you don't get to pick your own seats? At least we did not have to wait in line since it was a Thursday.We ordered plenty of food since we had skipped dinner. The three appetizers were all better than expected: wings, bruchetta, and sliders. Those tasty apps are what got them the extra star. The portions were larger than the server had described so we ended up with no room on the table to maneuver comfortably; not to mention the awkwardness that comes with trying to eat wings with someone you don't know literally inches away. And I was extremely disappointed to learn that rather than a two item minimum that included food, we instead had to each order two drinks.  They had a bunch of specialty cocktails on the menu but I am not a vodka fan so I asked if I could get their dirty martini with gin instead of vodka (which really is the proper way to make it). Server happily obliged but I was dismayed to find an $8 upcharge on our bill at the end of the night... add that to my husband's beer and $12 soda (wtf?) and our bill was about a hundred bucks. Considering that we had already paid $40 a ticket, that was just ridiculous. The comedian we saw did make me laugh but that bill sucked all the humor out of my night at the end.Overall this place was fun, but due to the cost I doubt we will be back.
4	Decided to give Stand Up Live a second chance after getting free tickets and reserved seating for a show. Overall it was a MUCH better experience than the first time.1. We went to the early show instead of the late. No waiting outside in the heat, and the show started on time. I highly recommend the early show if you can2. We were seated in a high top in the back. We could sit next to each other instead of across and it wasn't so crowded. Much more comfortable! I'm not sure how you get these seats normally (we were comped) but I would ask, they're way better than the long tables up front.3. The service was much better. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. Food and drinks were served quickly.4. We had food. Last time it was so late we weren't hungry so we didn't order food. This time we thoughts we'd eat and ordered expecting greasy, mediocre bar food. We got appetizers (chicken wings, pretzel rolls and fries) but it was actually really good. We were surprised. So I'm glad we gave it another try. I would not hesitate to return.
3	So, I first reviewed Stand Up Live a week ago.  Because my friends and I had bad service, the owner comped us tickets for a future show and said he would get us good seats.  I thought that was really cool of him to do that.  Well, my husband and I went last night to see Pablo Francisco perform.  Pablo was decent, but chaotic.  His 2 openers, Short Bus and Ashley (don't know his last name) were really funny.As far as everything else goes, we did get good seats.  Except, they were somebody else's seats.  See, they sat us in a 2 person booth, where there were 2 chairs opposite us.   There was also a bottle of Kettle One Vodka and mixers on the table.  We thought, okay this is definitely making up for last time.  Then, this couple got sat in the chairs in front of us.  We soon discovered that they had reserved a booth (which also required them to get bottle service).  So, we were in their seats and we had just opened the bottle of vodka, because we thought it was for us.  Well, from that moment on, it was really awkward.  We asked them if they wanted to switch seats and they said "no" .  They also don't drink, so they let us have the vodka.  We told our server,Vicki,  who was awesome by the way, to put the vodka on our bill.  So, we ended up paying $60 for a bottle of vodka we didn't want in the first place.  After the show, the couple just left without saying "thank you" for at least taking care of the bill for our table.  I'm pretty sure, they were annoyed by the confusion as well.I'm not sure about this place.  If it's not one thing, it's another.  I'm not a person who complains, believe me.  But I am a restaurant server myself, so I know how attentive you need to be.  Our first server wasn't attentive at all, but Vicki was really good.  Last night's experience would not have been so bad, if the host had sat us in the right seats.  I know we were assigned 414, now I don't know if the chairs are also 414, but there needs to be some clarification there.  I'm undecided on if I will go back or not.
4	Recently checked out my first comedian at Stand Up Live. It was a lot of fun and I really liked the venue. The fact the they serve food is great and having Copper Blues next door makes happy hour incredibly easy and convenient. Keeping your car in the same parking spot in downtown Phoenix is always a plus! Get there early - seating is first come, first served. Oh, and they validate so bring your parking ticket!
3	I went to a special event last weekend, Pablo Francisco, and about 47 openers. The club looks really nice, classy enough, and it's in an area of Downtown Phoenix that actually seems to have some life to it now. Stand Up Live seems...mismanaged. Our show (slated for 9:45pm) didn't start until nearly 11pm. The doors to the club didn't even open until 9:55pm. You're seated with your party, and man, do they pack people in tight. You are essentially shoulder to shoulder and back to back with everyone else in the club. Perhaps they just want to get you to know your neighbors, but to me it felt more like herding cattle to maximize the money they're making. I would have gladly paid more money for a bit of elbow room.The food is standard (read: bad) club food, and they murder you on non-alcoholic drinks. I paid $10 for a soda. You read that right...$10 for a coke. It's clear they're most concerned with squeezing money out of people. There's a two item minimum per person (standard), but they don't let you off the hook if you avoid alcohol. Service was friendly and attentive which is a plus. Gratuity was included at the end, which was a little surprising since we were in a party of four. On the good side, the club is clean, and this seems to be the destination in town for the top rung comics to come, so it's worth it to see someone great. I'm sure I'll be back, but it could be a much better experience overall.
3	The place is nice but you are packed in like sardines in a tin. We sat  at a table with 3 other couples that we didnt know.
5	I came here again after writing my first review.  Matt, the owner had addressed the concerns that I had previously.  I came on a Thursday with a few friends for my boyfriend's birthday to see Greg Fitzsimmons.  We started at Copper Blues as usual and then headed over to the 8pm show.  We had a blast!  We sat right up front by the stage.  It was a much improved experience because I noticed that the tables were spread apart a bit more so we each had comfortable space.  The servers was very prompt and friendly.   The chicken tenders were pretty good and of course, the wine was great. :-)  Again, I recommend going to Copper Blues for Happy Hour, then heading to a 7:30 show at Stand Up Live!  It's a fun experience with your friends or with a date.  This place is great!
4	Third time's the charm.  We went to see Greg Fitzsimmons for my friend's birthday last Thursday.  Greg Fitzsimmons was super funny, I've never laughed so hard.  This was my first time going on a Thursday, which was nice.  It didn't feel packed, but there were of course a lot of people there to see Greg.  We sat right in front of the stage  These seats weren't that bad, except my husband had to turn in sort of an awkward manner to look at the stage.  I wish they had small round tables instead.  On my end, I was freezing.  The first two times there, I was comfortable, but this time I was so cold.  Our server was really nice and super attentive.
1	Its a shame that this place put the Improv out of business. That laughs that I had here were not enough to make up for the outrageous drink prices and poor service. First off, we could not get a straight answer from ANYONE about what the policy on drinks from Copper Blues is - we were told different things by the box office staff, the hostess, the bartender at Copper Blues, the person seating us, and then our waiter - they each had something different to say!  I think the outcome of everything we learned was that you can go order drinks yourself at Copper Blues and bring them in, but it doesn't count towards your 2 drink minimum - and maybe if your waiter is in a good mood (ours wasn't) they will get you drinks from Copper Blues. The venue was CRAMPED! The theater was maybe 40% filled but we still had to sit elbow to elbow with people we did not know. They chairs are uncomfortable and I was playing footsie all night with some woman I did not know. In addition to the ticket price, you will have to purchase two overpriced drinks.  My iced tea with refills was $10. $10!!! For boring, plain iced tea that took 15 minutes to refill!! For $10 iced tea I would expect it to be made out of some rare tea leaves that were picked by princesses.  My darling darling date ordered a $6 can of beer. The drink minimum wouldn't be so bad if you could get drinks from Copper Blues (as they have a wonderful selection!) but at Stand Up Live you are stuck with things like Coors, Miller, Corona and a can from San Tan. Whoop de do. And then they have the nerve to add a tip on to the bill!  So, to recap: 1 iced tea + 2 cans of beer = $27.50
1	We saw Drew Carey and the Midnight Show. The comedy was fine. Everything else sucked. The tables were so close together that the girl in the seat next to me was actually at my table when they tried to seat us. I pointed out that there was no table space for me to sit at but the hostess didn't care. The girl next to me had to try to move the guy behind her and the guy on her other side in order to get her chair to fit in front of her little bit of table. It was a good effort but it didn't work. She was still stuck sitting half at her table space and half at mine. What an uncomfortable way to spend 2.5 hours.The two item minimum is really a two drink minimum. You can't substitute a food item for a beverage, which makes no sense at all since the food averages $10-17 and a soda is $4.  Luckily, I ordered both my sodas at the first waitress visit because we didn't see her again for about an hour into the show. The opening act was a sketch comedy troupe. They would have been funny if you could hear them. The sound system is TERRIBLE. Half the stage had dead spots that didn't reach the stationary mics or half the lav mics didn't work...I'm not sure what they were using (more about that later). The other half of the stage caused horrible screeching feedback for the duration of the show. AWFUL! I felt like I was in my high school gym in the 1980s. But this is a brand new, professional venue. How is it possible they built something with such a sucky sound system?The reason I don't know what type of mics they were using was because I couldn't see the stage. The way the tables are set up and the way they pack people in, I could see just about a foot of the stage. If the comic happened to stand right in that spot, I could see them. The other 90% of the stage I couldn't see at all. I had to have my tall husband explain to me what was going on with the active sketches. It was really annoying. If I pay $30 for a ticket (plus $5 in fees and taxes!), I expect to see the act I paid to see. I will not be back. Even great comedy is not worth the hassle and annoyance of Stand Up Live. Boo.
3	I was very excited to visit the newest Comedy Kid on the block here in Phoenix and I must say my experience was less than spectacular. The comedy acts were wonderful and kept me laughing in between getting knocked around by strangers due to the seating and going bankrupt over 2 OK drinks and food that left ALOT to be desired. We were shoved ALL the way back into the corner booth that provided us with limited vison and slow service ( we couldn't get to the waiters as the ran thru the venue servinh others UUUGGGGHHHH) What amazed me is that they had a whole section closed off until the last second leaving those of us who showed up on time cramped while the late comers got to laugh in style. I would recommend they amp up the menu , lower the prices a bit and let people choose their own seating on a  "first come first serve basis" of the ENTIRE venue. I do see potential and hope they work out the kinks to make this place a staple in the Downtown Area.
4	Had 2 free tickets as this was the locals night doing comedy, so they don't get paid and you don't get charged; however, we had 4 Stella Artois beers and the tab came to $29+ (includes gratuity), so those beers aren't cheap at $6 each.  Regardless, the locals were okay and did get some good laugh in; but the headliner was some Vegas fellow named Mikie Mack or somesuch who was worth the price of admission.  He was better than most comedians I have seen as headliners at comedy clubs for sure.If you don't mind pricey beer, this is definitely worth your night.  I will go again without a doubt.  I loved Stand Up Live myself--especially if they get great headliners like they had 8/30/2012.(And being a comedy fan, I've seen lots of sucky headliners like Shirley Hemphill from an older tv show about a Black family.  She realllly sucked.  I think she's out of it now as she should be.)
2	Having read all the reviews I went on September 8 and honestly had low expectations. The good; venue was clean with attractive atmosphere. Service was much better than I read about. I felt the staff really tried to be responsive. Food was good and not terribly priced.  Counter seating in back was far better than main floor. The bad; outrageous drink prices, prices need to be noted on menu! Why not there? Three beers, two sangrias and pretzel rolls for $56? And an extra charge for 2nd cheese dip that we never got because the first one was not nearly enough.  Wow! Main floor seating was extremely tight and not conducive to a positive customer experience. Add $70 for two tix and a two hour experience was over $125. Demand must be high as the place was packed. All in all it was far too crowded to be comfortable. Sorry but the improv was a far better experience and will be missed. Probably not a comeback until their drink prices and seating are addressed.
3	Fonzie Says Sit On ItBy The RueThe best thing about this club,Is the Copper Blues Bar next door,This review isn't for there though, Gives me a reason to come here more.They pack you in like sardines,Which the Improve never did,At least the shows there I went to,Spongebob lives next to a squid.The drink prices are high, Which is pretty much the norm,Seven dollars a beer isn't bad,The stage we did not storm. Jim Breauer was hilarious,And well worth the pice,Even Brian before him, His act was pretty nice. I'm sure they violate fire code,Maximum occupancy reached,Even still no seat is a bad seat,I got the surgical tubes and bleach.CHUCKLE!!!
3	The venue is attractive, although pretty typical for a comedy club. They definitely had some issues with the sound system as the comedians were switching mikes and having "spurts" of too loud; too soft...Anyway, we we were packed in like sardines but that's okay as long as your table mates have showered recently. Also typical for a comedy club. The other thing that's typical is the "the drink rip-off" and this time it came in the form of a non-alcoholic drink: my husband ordered a Coke and the server asked if we wanted the "bottomless Coke with souvenir glass, which counts for the 2-drink minimum"...shame on us for not asking the price, since we were charded $19!!!! Ugh.But overall, the night was a good one.  We were seated promptly. Had nice "neighbors" and best of all: We laughed a LOT.
4	Not sure why people are surprised about the two drink minimum, it's posted and is a fairly standard thing at all comedy clubs I've been to. Been here a few times, great club that grabs great acts. Calamari = pass. Mixed drinks = overpriced and inconsistent. Otherwise, best place in PHX for comedy
4	We enjoyed the venue, however after the ticket prices and the drink minimums it ended up a pricey night.  We were going to eat there and were very thankful we didn't as the food prices were really high.  We liked the set up of the tables, we were able to see the stage with no problems and the sound was good.  We signed up for the mailing list and get calls all the time for free tickets.  We haven't been able to take advantage of another show yet, but we will return!
3	I was excited to come here last Saturday to see Billy Gardell.  I knew I was going to get royally screwed out of tons of money by this place so I was semi-prepared.Pros:* Great acts* Very intimate setting = every seat is a good seat with a good view of the stage* Reasonable ticket prices* Parking validation* Decent food at reasonable prices for good portions* Friendly service that is relatively fast and efficientCons:* They cram you in like sardines* Their drink prices are ridiculous and they make you buy two of them* If you order food you still have to buy 2 wicked overpriced drinks.  The price of your food does NOT count towards some stupid minimum.* They add a mandatory tip % to your billThe bottom line is that I won't be back to this place until they fix how much they rape you or there is a comic that I really really really want to see.  I realize that they are in biz to make money and are probably raking it in, but they can go fuk themselves for being greedy and making me hate comedy theaters.
5	I LOVED Stand Up Live. I went with my husband and his parents & we had a great time. The room is pretty big & gets packed, but it still feel intimate. We will definitely go back!
2	Went to this Venue for the first time to see Dave Attell.  Ticket prices were awesome, but it's because the drinks are super expensive.  Lets start off with the Venue, it was way to packed and I'm a little thing.. 4' 11" and was sat in the very last seat at the end of the table and couldn't see a thing on stage. The layout was just so awkward.  Everyone is sat so close together in rows were you can't move an inch without bumping into the person you don't know right next to you. Everyone kept moving their heads and each time the person in front of me moved I had to move, it was exhausting fidgeting around all night on rock hard chairs.  Also you might think sitting on the end had an advantage of a little more room, but think again.  All night I was being bumped and pushed into from servers and people trying to get by a narrow hallway like little ants.  Our server was really nice the few minutes we had with him the whole night. Drink prices are way crazy.. It was suggested I order the doubles, they ended up tasting like singles.  I think for like 5 drinks (including ordering the special bogo shot special they had)  our drink total was like $74 bucks for two people.  They do charge an automatic tipping of 15% on your bill.  So with those prices and ticket prices to see the act we ended up paying a pretty little price.  I wanted to get out of there as soon as possible, I was so uncomfortable all night sitting there.  I'll probably skip this venue in the future, because I couldn't enjoy myself being so uncomfortable.
3	As others have said, the table setup is super cramped and very uncomfortable if your stuck in the middle.  If you do get stuck at the weird table, sit on the end. Also, if the show isn't sold out, ask the manager if you can sit in a booth.  The managers service was excellent! Drinks are super expensive, I stuck with 6 dollar canned (yes canned)  beer.  Mixed drinks are a rip off and come in plastic cups.  Food looked good but service lacks.  The saving grace for this place is the great comedians booked here.  Also, the cityscape area in general is clean and fun!
5	My visit to Stand Up Live is sure to be the first of many. I went with friends to see Dave Atell, whose show was very entertaining. We had a great table, and looking around it appeared to me that they are all great tables.  Our server was friendly and attentive without being obtrusive. I liked the intimate setting. It led to a feeling of familiarity between the audience and the performer to the point that Mr. Atell was also gracious in allowing photos with the audience afterwards, which may not have happened as naturally in a larger venue.I am happy to have another great option for a fun night out in downtown Phoenix.
2	Plain and simple:FREE Tickets - AwesomeGood Acts - AwesomeClose parking - AwesomeCharging triple THE NORMAL rate for the drinks and making you buy 2 - Unacceptable. For the amount I spent for our party of 4, I could have ordered 4 pizzas, bought 4 bottles of premium alcohol, and hired a midget to come to my house.The joke is on you Stand Up Live...
2	Me and a friend went to see The Nerdist live at this venue, two shows actually. One at 7 and a second at 10:30 last year. Now the show itself was great, this review is strictly about the venue itself:First, it was difficult to ascertain if the specific show we were going to attend was 21+ or not, my friend happened to be 20 at the time, so it was vitally important if the show was going to be locked out to 18-20 year olds or not, but a phone call finally worked out that detail. A mention of it on the website (where you order tickets) would have saved time.Second: Sardines. Everyone was packed in tightly together, and the "tables" were so tiny they might as well have been seats themselves. The seats are all positioned like the rays of the sun from the stage, which is fine when you're up close, but the first time we were a bit farther back and it was hard to see over the heads of people in front of us (it seemed to be first to show up got the best seating, so that's a neutral point I guess) The two drink minimum as noted in other reviews applies to ANY liquid, not just beer. Seeing as how I had to drive home after the show, I asked for water, and they brought out these tiny little fiji water bottles. The water? Upwards of 5-6 dollars for a tiny water bottle. I know some people prefer bottled water to tap, but 6 dollars is outrageous. That we *had* to order some sort of beverage, with the water being the *least* expensive, left a metaphorical bad taste in my mouth.Once the show was over though, I was expecting them to rush out everyone ASAP, and to their credit they were reasonable about it. I privately suspect it was only by the grace of the performers' intervention somewhere, that people were able to stick around and have a photo taken with the nerdist guys, but credit where credit's due.A couple final observations: - The staff seemed overworked and rushed at all points of the evening. - They gave everyone a free complimentary wine glass with the Stand Up Live logo on it.Given the types of comedians advertised, I bet this venue probably started out great, but without any decent competition in the valley, they seem to have slid into a status quo of just barely tolerable, at least for some people. I however, won't be going back any time soon.
1	I was excited to receive offer for "free" tickets. I paid the nominal $5.47 service fee (for what service I do not know). Two drink minimum didn't scare me, even though I don't drink. Very crammed. Servers even had trouble navigating around the tables/chairs/people. Uncomfortable way to see a show. Table behind me, nothing in front of me, dangling from high top chair. Did my best to deal with the back pain. First comic sucked. Second & headliner funny. Server said, oh you can get bottomless soda & that will count for your two drinks." No problem, right? $13.00 for a stinking soda! My friend got a crappy $16.00 margarita and a $3.00 diet coke. Our tab including forced gratuity (not right on small parties) was $34.00. Add the service fee: $40 for a comedy show. Not a deal, really. My other two friends reeled in anguish at their $74.00 tab. This is after we all pulled out our phones so we could see the stupid bills. Sure, make it dark and people will just pay it, right?! How do they expect people to pay these ridiculous fees? No prices on drink menu - how convenient. Felt very bait and switched, bamboozled. I was PISSED. Who are they to tell me how much to tip a server? Can't see how this is legal. When I heard the food doesn't even count toward 2 drink minimum and saw prices online menu before went there, knew wouldn't be eating there.Needless to say, laughing for 30 minutes wasn't worth the deception. You lost a potentially long-term customer by your deception and fraud, Stand Up Live. Will NEVER be back and neither will any of my friends. Shame on you. Poor, unethical business practices. Ever heard of customer service??!!
1	This place has a monopoly on high profile stand up comedy in the valley, and they know it. They use that monopoly to their advantage with abusive policies (to the customer) and bad service. Their policies are total crap. We recently bought some tickets to a 7PM show and when we found out that we couldn't attend that show, we called and tried to get our tickets swapped to the 9:45PM show. After emailing and calling multiple times (and leaving voicemails), I finally got someone on the line. They went on and on about how there are no refunds  or transfers whatsoever, but then they went on to say that they could check with their supervisor to see if we could exchange our tickets for the 9:45PM show. The person got back to me and said, yes, we could exchange our tickets to the later show, but there would be a $5 transfer charge per ticket. I asked him how they could have a transfer fee if their policy doesn't even allow transfers/exchanges? He couldn't answer that one, of course. We opted to do the exchange and attended the show.Once you get there, you'll note that the place is extremely packed with chairs. They sardine as many people as possible into the venue. Many of the seats and arrangements are uncomfortable in my opinion. Once you are wedged into your seat, you are then reminded that they "require" that you purchase 2 drinks during your stay, at highly inflated prices, of course. They don't have hot tea as a beverage option any more (they used to) and I hear the iced tea is $10 a glass. In addition, gratuity is automatically added to your bill, so even if your service is bad, your server gets a tip anyway!I love stand up comedy, but I despise this place. I won't be attending their shows and dealing with their heavy handed, turnip squeezing tactics.
1	This place is a complete rip off.     WATCH OUT & BEWARE...  They are price gougers with a 2 drink minimum at $12-$15 per drink, this is outrageous. The quality of the drinks are seriously bad, no alcohol. My first drink was Crown on the rocks and it was served in a 2 oz glass for $10 plus a $2 rocks charge, that is a charge for the pour, which they obviously don't understand, couldn't even fit a full shot in the glass when they added ice. When I made a comment to the waiter he said, "That's how the drink is". I get a $115 bill for 4 drinks, 2 shots off of their Shot Special and a shitty appetizer which was reheated in the microwave. The sea of waiters and waitresses hit the floor about 20 mins left in the show to give out the tabs, don't know where all of them came from, they sure weren't on the floor taking orders the whole night. When the tabs hit the tables, the air came out of the room, people were pissed and the Laughter stopped. Their overcharging Blew the night. The kick in the nuts is when the tip is already added in, this guy sucked as a waiter, 15-20 mins between each time seeing him, unacceptable, especially when you're already getting charged for Premium service. I would have rather had a $40 ticket price then getting raped by the club without warning. Scottsdale comedy club does it right, great prices across the board. They may not have huge acts but all the shows are always funny, I have never left that place feeling like I was taken advantage of like I did at Stand Up Live.  NEVER AGAIN
4	This is now the largest, most professional comedy showcase in Arizona since the closing of The Improv in Tempe. We went to see Tom Papa and other than an overcrowded showroom had a wonderful time. Afterwards try Copper Blues next door for booze and music. The food here is not worth mentioning - eat elsewhere.
2	We recently saw Tom Papa at Stand Up Live and while he was hilarious, I was less than impressed with the venue. This experience was overall much better than our tickets for Pablo Francisco over the summer. We chose the earlier show this time  which started right on time and didn't have nearly as many openers. My husband and I both opted for the 'bottomless' fountain drink to cover our two drink minimum. Our server was nowhere to be found after our initial drink service and she reappeared 15 minutes before the end of the show with our first refill and the check. She was all over the place, never said thanks for coming in (or anything of the sort) and refused to smile. It's a comedy club! It is definitely tight quarters without much wiggle room. I am sure we'll be back because they really do have the best headliners in the Valley. However, I would expect better service as this is not a cheap night out. After tickets, the drink minimum and gratuity included in the tab (for just two people?) we easily dropped $100. Hoping for a happier server next time around.
2	So my husband and I just went and saw Ralphie May on Friday the 29th and if I hadn't already prepaid the tickets I would have left right when we arrived.The show started at 9:45 and we didn't enter the venue until almost 11:00pm and the line was wrapped around the building. No one came out to offer an excuse or an apology. A large gentleman came out and gave us bracelets ( which I later found out he was supposed to be carding us and then giving bracelets to the 21+ people) but did not offer any explanation to why we were standing outside for so long. We were bothered by several homeless men asking for money. We entered the venue and were just rushed in. Sat were I was told to and waited for the venue to begin. Our server came around and reminded us we had to order a min. of 2 drinks. Which we did, and 20 minutes later he returned with the rest of the tables drinks and had to ask us again what we ordered. THEIR mixed drinks are HORRIBLE. I almost couldn't drink it, it was that bad.  (A comedy Cosmo and a regular margarita were ordered)The food smelled amazing but we didn't eat at this venue. Ralphie May said he was sorry that the first show ran over and he would make our show just as long. He is a great comic and his wife even a raunchy as she was, was also funny. The venue sucked though. I am glad I was able to say I went and saw him live but will not partake in another showing here again. We were bumped and tripped on several times due to the sardine seating, the drinks were horrible and when I received our bill. A WHOPPING bill of $52 for a total of 4 DRINKS! Our server sucked because he knew regardless he was getting a 15% tip off each ticket at the table. The sound system wasn't very loud and at times we missed a lot of what the comic was saying due to the fact we were in the back and the venue must not have speakers that are in the back of the house. If you can handle being a sardine and paying over priced for shitty drinks then this is the place for you, otherwise save your money and rent the comics dvd.
1	I would never come back here again!  I love live comedy but wasn't impressed with Ralphie May or anything about this club for the saturday night show.  Our bill for drinks was more then we spend on dinner AND drinks at CIBO, that is INSANE.  Never going back.
2	Would actually give a 2.5 and this review is on the venue only.  Went to see a show last night. There was a small line to get in. Maybe 10 people. It took 10 minutes. Considering that there is literally only one way in and they have been open as long as they have, I would think they could have worked out the kinks. It's a line people. Check the ID. Check the ticket. Done.We arrived early enough that our seats were decent, but they seat you, even though there is no reserved seating and they will try to force you in to seats. Personally I didn't want to sit where I would have to look at the performers ass, so I said no and after an eye roll and a snarky "well where do you want to sit?" we were moved.The two drink minimum is a hack, but normal and expected. We both had the martini of the day (carmel apple), which was so good that it also became my second drink. Small and pricey. But seriously good. The first thing my friend said after taking a sip was "okay I want to crawl in to this... is that bad?" It was that good.We had eaten before arriving but because we wanted something to soak up the alcohol, we shared the chocolate cake. It was better than either of us thought it would be.Service was odd, because the seating is so tight. The wait staff really can't make it through the rows, so they stand at the end of about 8 two-seater tables and pass things down. If you are claustrophobic or have personal space issues, DO NOT SIT in the middle of one of those rows. You will never get out.About 15 minutes before the show was over the tabs were passed out, money collected, and the dishes / glasses are snatched up before the lights were raised. Since there is a line to exit too (again with the lines), we sat to let the crowd thin and basically were in the way as the tables were being bused.  I could see the need to pressure you out  if 1) there were a second show and they needed to change out the crowd, or 2) there was someplace to actually move your body; but leaving my table that was up by the stage / near the door and walking to the far rear of the venue to get in the back of the line didn't make sense.The warm-up comics were great. The host for the evening was hysterical. The headliner was off the chain. The drinks were fabulous. The overall experience because of service was just okay.  I'll be back, because options are limited, but if the service were better, I would definitely go more often because it doesn't get much better than live comedy.
1	My husband bought me tickets to Russell Peters for Christmas and I was pretty excited since I had seen him at Stand Up Live last year and the experience was good. Unfortunately I cannot say the same for this evening. The venue: We got there a little bit early so we could grab a seat. The 7pm show was sold out and the seating was VERY intimate, as in you will get to know your neighbors and touch them, whether you want to or not.  I'm 5'2" and don't take up a lot of space, but still managed to bump elbows on a number of occasions. The temperature in the room started out comfortably, but as it started to fill, they cranked up the a/c, to the point where my husband had to put his coat on and I had to pull my scarf out.The service: we were seated in the middle of a long row of tables, with a group of 6 to our left and two couples on our right. Our server seemed to forget that we existed, as we had to ask for water three times and also to reorder our other beverages. Since I'm pregnant, I opted for the bottomless lemonade. WHAT A COMPLETE RIPOFF!  My husband had 2 beers and was charged $11. My two and a half glasses of mediocre lemon drink was $10.95. I thought I was going to go into labor right then when I saw the bill. I knew about the two drink minimum, but really?!  My 'drink' cost more than the chicken sandwich I had ( which came with a ton of onion even though I specifically requested no onion). Our bill was $52.13 so we gave the server $3 in cash and a $50 Visa gift card. She came back and said that the card was declined so we gave her a regular credit card.  When she returned with the credit card, she had kept the $3 and ran the card for the full amount of the bill.  I can see why there 15% gratuity is built into the bill, because if it were up to me, she would've gotten about 18 cents.The parking: we parked in the underground garage off 1st Ave.  My best tip,to you: do NOT under any circumstances park here.  The flow of traffic within the garage is beyond terrible and it took us more than 20 minutes to get out.Thank goodness the comedy was good, because other than that, the rest of the evening was pretty disappointing.Downgrading my review from last night- my husband got food poisoning from the chicken quesadilla.
4	We had the distinct pleasure to see, arguably, the most popular comic on the planet in Russell Peters! Naturally, the turnout was INCREDIBLE for this event. Thankfully, due to the friends who were with us, as well as some other Yelp reviews, we managed to get seats where we were completely unimpeded by other patrons. Being a rather intimate venue, every seat in the house is pretty decent. So, if you can avoid sitting in the middle where you're SURE to be crowded, do it. I can imagine that it would be a huge distraction dealing with other people constantly interfering with your seat.There is a two drink minimum when you attend a show at Stand Up Live. Our waiter, Renee, in spite of the fact that the showroom was completely packed, was extremely diligent and well informed. He was sure to come around WELL before any of our drinks were low to see how we were doing, and ask if we needed a refill. My wife and I each got one alcoholic beverage and one soda to satisfy our minimum drink requirements. Word to the wise, ordering a "double" does NOT count as two drinks. Renee was sure to let me know that when I originally placed my order.When we got our tab, the total was just over $40. We were a little surprised to find out that the gratuity was already included in the final bill, though. Either way, we expected  the damage to be far worse than it really was based on other reviews. I mean, you don't HAVE to order alcoholic beverages when you go. Stand Up Live DOES validate parking. The first three hours are free, and every subsequent hour is only $2.00. So, park in the Cityscape parking garage, and be sure to bring your ticket with you to the show. Afterwards, just take it to the box office, and have them stamp it for you. If you play your cards right, and you don't have anything else to do downtown, at least your parking should be free!
4	GREAT comedy venue.  The food and drinks were awesome, the customer service was awesome, the seats were great, and the comedy show was great, too.  Plus there's a great bar right next to it for drinks before and afterwards.  The only down side was the 9:45 PM show started around 11 PM.  But it was worth the wait.
2	We went here to see Russell Peters at a 7pm showing recently. He was awesome but the venue was disappointing. The menu did not have drink prices which was odd since they ENFORCE the 2 drink minimum (that I feel is lame since we are already shelling out $$$ for tickets AND parking). We had the bruschetta...which was pita bread with a side of watery tomatoes...in a bowl. Ew. I babysat my first drink because I didn't like it and the server came up to me AT LEAST 5 times within 20 minutes to ask for my second drink order. Rude.
3	This was my 1st visit to Stand Up Live and I have mixed feelings. We had to wait over an hour and a half for our show to see Ralphie May. When we called the front desk the girls kept giving us a round about answer on why we were still standing in line outside and not being seated for our show. After 3 calls and the representatives giving us the run around, we found out Ralphie May decided to give a 3 hr long show, which prevented us from going in and having to stand outside. I feel if the managers at the facility would have just sent people outside to give the announcement that the comedian is allowed to give a show as long as he would like and the show before us was still going on, then everyone in line wouldn't have been so angry. After the show started over 2 hours late and us finally being seated things didn't get better. The waiters were running around like this was their first night at work, our waiter spilled 2 drinks one on my lap and one on my dates lap. We were not compensated for the spilt drinks all over our clothing nor for having to wait outside forever. I also wasn't expecting the seating to be on top of one another. You are literally crammed in a room with tables and chairs and you sit one person next to the other. It doesn't matter if you have 2 or 10 people in your group, there is no privacy, everyone is sat right next to each other. Ralphie May put on a good show and I was pleased with his performance, but I am not sure if I will be going back to this comedy club for any other shows. The venue itself is very nice but I really think they need to up their game on how they handle unexpected set backs.
1	This place got me again.  They packed our party of 4 in like sardines and raped us of our money.Why can't they just charge more for a ticket and not actively try to screw you over once you get in the door?  I would gladly pay more for a ticket if I were guaranteed a good seat that isn't on somebody's lap and wasn't forced to pay $5 for water.
2	I agree with some of the gripes written by other yelpers. We went to see Bob Saget last night and it was our first time visiting Stand Up Live. The website mentions that parking is free for the first three hours with validation, and $2/hr after that....but doesn't really elaborate where. We had to make a second loop around the block to find the "hidden" parking garage entrance on 1st Ave. Problem is this is VERY LIMITED PARKING. We made three loops inside looking for spaces. Tip: bring your small car!! Spaces are tiny!Once inside my husband and I were seated in the middle row shoulder to shoulder with other couples, which wasn't so bad as we were next to nice people, but it makes it difficult to get out. Our server was back and forth to the table often, but we did have one drink error which she promptly fixed, and our food went to another table by mistake. So we waited an hour to eat.The comedy was good, acoustics, bathrooms, all good so no complaints there. Good opening act for Bob Saget. Our bill was $54 for one veggie burger, two san tan ales, and two vodka rocks. Oh, and if you order vodka on the rocks your bill will say $8 for the vodka, and $2 for the rocks. NO KIDDING. We even asked our server about it. They in fact CHARGED US EXTRA FOR THE ICE IN MY DRINK. No customer finds these unnecessary and frivolous charges fair. It left me with a very negative feeling at the end of the evening.
2	i have to agree with my wife. the place is big, but they pack you in like freaking sardines. our table was probably a 1x2 foot table and were rubbing shoulders with couples on either side and behind us. the validated parking is considerate. but the food tab was a bit of a let down. a wrong drink, taking my ordered food to another table (both were fixed "relatively" quickly), but charging 2 bucks for ice in my wife's vodka drink was stankin ridiculous. 2 drink minimum, so that came to 4 bucks....for ICE! it was a sly charge, and although i laughed my butt off most of the night for the Bob Saget show, getting the bill at the end and seeing such a chincy charge left me leaving in a bad mood.not such a big deal if we knew that up front, but oh well, what are you gonna do?
1	Worst experience I have ever had at a comedy club. (and I have been to many, in multiple states)There is absolutely zero thought into how they process the people coming in. They take your tickets at the bottom of a staircase in which there are 3 other entries not blocked off. Pretty much anyone can walk in without paying if they felt like it.We get to the hostess stand and they weren't even marking where they sat anyone. Just sending people in 5-6 at a time and leaving the waiters to figure out where to seat anyone.When you get inside, it's not the typical 4 person table at every other comedy club in the country. They have these enormous 6 person monstrosities they take up way too much space, and are roughly 6 inches from the next table. No room to move whatsoever, and half the seat are faced away from the table, so don't bother trying to order food or beverages unless you want to turn 180 degrees around, away from the stage, every time you want a sip or a bite. Ever eat backwards? That's what they expect out of 50% of the people in the room.Room is elbow to elbow with everyone around you, and little to no room to make your way to the bathroom. Literally every inch of floor space is packed with people.My date ordered the mini burgers, which came to the table raw. Sure, cooked on the ouside, but the inside wasn't even cooked enough to be considered "medium", it was just raw hamburger. It was 20-30 minutes before our server returned and by then she was too pissed off to even bother asking for COOKED food. She just told him to remove it from the table.Drinks were expensive and hardly poured strong enough to make them worth it. Especially considering the server only came to our table in 20-30 minute incriments.And no lights on the table to turn on when you need service? Have the owners of StandUpLive never been to another comedy club before?I have been to dive clubs in tiny markets with more class than this place. It's all looks, and a total failure in execution. I am going to make every attempt possible to never visit this place ever again.
5	Finally checked out Stand Up Live downtown.  Atmosphere was upscale and newer much newer than the closed Improv in Tempe but the size is about the same.  We didn't order food and the drinks were pricey but very strong.  Service was pretty good considering the place was packed.  We saw Bob Saget which I thought was just okay but cant judge this place on his show.  I will definitely go back and love the downtown location.
5	We finally went to Stand Up Live this past weekend and absolutely loved it!  Our server, Bre, really helped make the night special; I had asked if they had any blue cheese stuffed olives for my martini which they don't typically have.  About half way through the show, she came by after having made some for me when she had a break; how do you not love that??  Anyway, super cool venue and will be back for sure!
4	I had a really great time last Sunday.  We went to see our fellow yelper Ryan C and a whole crew of local comedians.  We stopped by the box office to inquire about the tickets and time to come in.  She told us the show was at 7p.m., and that we could get in right then (it was 5:30pm).  We wanted to walk around downtown so we asked her what time would be ok to come in.  She suggested not later than 30 minutes before the start of the show.  We came back at 6:30p.m. and the young woman at the door told us they were not open.  Ok, then I guess they should have inform the box office personnel.  We stood there for about 10 minutes in the freezing cold. (We were having freaky weather).  I don't get my panties in a bunch, so this little confusion won't affect my opinion of the place.  We were offered the table in front of the microphone, great.  The manager was so nice that he let us reserve the seats next to us for other fellow yelpers that were on their way.  My hubby had his usual margarita and he said it was very good.  I had a vodka and soda, yes cheating a little bit on my diet.  I also ended up ordering the steak tips, they were really tasty.  I can't wait to come back with more friends.
4	Looking for a barrel full of laughs? Stand Up Live's your place! I've been to Stand Up Live several times now and every time my cheekbones hurt when I leave. Stand Up Live does a great job with efficiently getting the guests seated and served before the show. We order our tickets online, print them at home, give them to the person at the door and we're seated right away. Seating is provided on a first come, first serve basis but I think that every seat in the house is a good one. Just recently, I saw Bob Saget and couldn't stop laughing! The entire show is a lot of fun and they do an excellent job with the opening acts as well. Stand Up Live serves food! Yes they do! And guess what? The food is good! I especially like the sliders. This past visit, I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sliders which were tangy and tasty. They came with french fries. The chicken tenders and burger sliders are also delicious. They do require a two drink minimum for every show, but it's fun to cocktail while you enjoy comedy! Stand Up Live is a guaranteed laugh and they always do an excellent job bringing in professional and very funny acts.
2	well.....went to see Bob Saget, the show was great.  There were a couple of things that kinda irked me.  The  waitress never brought out the cheesecake I ordered.  It wasn't on the bill either so I'm assuming she just forgot.   Also when using the restroom, soap was not available in ANY of the dispensers just a weird lady standing there with a pump expecting to be paid $1 to squirt some in your hand.  I hate bathroom attendants they are so weird.  It reminds me of being bombarded by a homeless person to wash your windshield.  The opposite of classy.  Ended up going to copper blues the following week after seeing a sign for karaoke.  Call ahead to make sure they say yes it's happening, get there and they say no not happening, very disappointing, that's why we called.
3	I love my stand ups don't get me wrong, what i do not love is when the waitresses try to tell you about their specials like its a great deal when 20 for a drink is not a good deal at all in my book.  More of like a joke.  But heres where they catch you, They tell you its a special and if you dont ask you get two of those specials and you're at least $40 (not including ticket price of the show itself or food and your significant others drinks and such) down the drain.  The Spinach and artichoke dip is good here and thats all we order as far as food b/c we try to stay away from ordering the specials and food now.
2	My experience at Stand Up Live left me in a state of confusion, and it wasn't because I had just discovered what a raunchy little pervy Danny Tanner was (I actually really liked that part:) but more to do with the fact that such a seemingly chic comedy club had such a cheap way of conducting business.In reality cheap might be the worst word to use when describing this place, but yet it's what immediately comes to mind when I think of the way that they stuff patrons in the room like sardines, force them to buy multiple drinks from a menu with no prices, and then sneakily add an automatic gratuity because apparently said patrons can't be trusted to tip adequately themselves? and/or they know how angry a person might get after they realize a: they just paid $10 for soda or b: how awful the service was, causing the wait staff to suffer as a result.I don't mind going to a place with pricey drinks (so long as they're delicious) and I'm happy to tip generously for a job well done, but I suppose I just don't like the feeling of being tricked into it. My guess is that many others share that sentiment, as there were quite a few disgruntled looking faces lingering in my area come bill time. I realize the ticket prices are pretty reasonable ($35 for this show) and perhaps management chose this method of doing business as a way to offset that, but personally I would rather pay more per ticket and be treated with the respect a guest deserves.With all of that being said, will I return? Probably. I'm a lover of live comedy and both of the acts I've seen here were superb. Unfortunately this type of venue is slim pickins' in our little town (a fact of which the owners seem to be fully aware) So I suppose I'm at their mercy until a kinder feller comes along.
4	I have been to Stand Up Live a dozen times and was also a regular at Tempe Improv. I go to comedy clubs for the comedians. For that reason, I chose Stand Up Live as my favorite comedy venue in the valley even before Tempe Improv closed. It just brings in the best quality comedians on a regular basis. The opening acts are as strong as their headliners.The interior has an upscale look and feel.Like any restaurant, if you get there early enough and do not like the place they are seating you, ask for another seat. I am 6'5" and do not mind the tight seating. Comedy clubs are about laughing along with your neighbors, not being irritated by every little thing.Drinks are not cheap, but are in line what I would expect for a comedy club. Most beers are in the $6-$7 range as I recall. The same as what I pay in Old Town Scottsdale and cheaper than what you pay in most cities of Phoenix's size.Get on their email and texting list. They occasionally send out limited free ticket offers (2 drink minimum rules still applies) Even on these nights, the comedians have  been great, even if lesser known.
4	Laugh until your sides hurt!Thank you CityScape for creating a reason for us to go downtown.  Stand Up Live is the first business of the many I plan to review down here. I won two tickets by signing up to be on their email list last spring and have been going back every few weeks.  Definitely do your research to see who's coming and make sure their brand of comedy is your thing.  I've brought family, friends, and colleagues and we've all left with our sides sore from laughing and impressed with not just the headliners but the local Phoenix talent as well.Get there early to secure a good seat, and for those that don't want to be crammed into the long tables down front - don't be afraid to ask for a seat along the side or near the back, I prefer these if you want a little more atmosphere and great people watching.Secret Tip:  After the show walk right into Copper Blues (their sister establishment) for some great live music, beverages, and an all around good time!
4	Stand Up Live has a great intimate setting with the comedian.  Even if you are far away from the comedian, you still feel close enough to the stage and have a warm feeling inside.  Stand Up Live gets several great performances and well known comedians to perform here.I have never ordered food here, but you must order two beverages (either alcoholic or non-alcoholic).  The drinks are actually delivered quite fast for such a large audience of people.  The efficiency is great here.
2	Went to see John Pinette last night, and it was a disaster from start to finish. Thank God Pinette was hilarious. First, they stuck me and my wife in the furthest seats from the stage, behind a black curtain. We asked the hostess to be re-seated, and she obliged, seating us way to the side of the stage. By the way, we ordered tickets in advance on the website. We weren't walk-up customers 5 minutes before showtime. Yeah, as some reviews mentioned, the 2-drink minimum is crazy. No prices on the menu. Automatic gratuity added. Huh? There was only two of us. I asked a host how to get a seat up front, and he said that a lot of people get good seats by ordering bottle service. C'mon, guys, this isn't the Vegas strip. We've seen JP about 7-8 times throughout the years, but never again at this cheesy place.
4	For our only official comedy club in the downtown area it's definitely not bad. They draw some big names and without a doubt you will have a good time and laugh your tooshey off. Having said that; the food isnt anything special, the drinks are pretty lame and there is a two drink minimum, the prices are severely gouged.I understand they need to turn a profit and I don't begrudge them this, but you won't catch me eating or drinking here, 'cept for maybe a Mr.Pibb.S'Go.
4	My first visit to Stand Up Live did not go so well, but I am now here to say they have stepped up their game!We went to the Saturday night show to watch Carlos Mencia and I can honestly say I felt like I was at a new business, I am very happy with the changes! Stand Up now allows you to reserve a table for your party, so if you don't mind spending a little extra money you don't have to wait in line outside for you have a table reserved, its not first come first serve seating if you don't want it to be. I also noticed changes in the wait staff, they seemed more comfortable, confident, less stressed and on the ball the evening we had visited. Our waiter was very sharp, courteous, knowledgeable with the menu and drinks and very quick with our orders.I appreciate the attention, care and kindness the owner and all the managers showed me, this business is looking to succeed and they truly believe in customer satisfaction. We had a wonderful evening and will be visiting again in the future. Keep it up Stand Up!
4	My first visit to this place in early Jan when Russell Peters was in town. We went for his show. The place was nicely packed and was buzzing with a good spirit.. set up for a fab comedy show. The food was good but the atmosphere there made me enjoy the food and the drink more. If you are going for a show if have to have min 2 drinks along with buying the tickets to the show. So in the end with the tickets and the drinks and food the outing is a little expensive but totally worth it for a great night out. Money well spent:)
2	This place is way to overcrowded with tables! You better get to the restroom before you get seated or forget about it! Wait service was slow. They need to put information regarding reserving tables on their website.....if you look on their website "everything is first come, first served seating". Give people all of their options...I would have gladly paid more had I known it were an option.  The Improv was way better and although I heard it will be re-opening, it will be by the same people who opened Stand Up Live. I will stick to seeing my favorite acts in Vegas.
2	Went there on Saturday for DL Hughley and the comedians were awesome!!  The venue is nice but their drinks are a rip off!!!  2 mini bottles of vodka for $120.  No thanks.  Thankfully my friend was able to get us the hook up on the seats otherwise I wouldn't pay go to there.  Ordered an appetizer too and that was good, but I can't express what a rip off the drinks are.  Order soda and pre drink before hand.
2	Mixed experience at this venue! First of all they bring in a great arsenal of comics which draws a definite crowd. My fiance, friend, and I went to go see Adam Devine on a sold out Friday night. The show in itself was great, all of the comedians had me on the floor ready to pee my pants. I was warned by various people to arrive early to get the seating your preferred and to avoid a line. We got there right when the doors opened tickets already in hand, we flew through the line with no issues. I was told by both staff and friends it's first come first serve seating.  Our hostess sat us in a terrible spot in the middle of a crowded table with a group of extremely tall guys in front of us. My friend and fiance aren't the tallest people, nor am I standing 5'9.  A server came around and we politely asked to be moved to an actual table or the bar which wrapped the higher portion of the venue in the back which would have been perfect for us. Instead we were forced into a small 5 top table with only enough space for 4. So we were crammed into a booth anticipating two more people to come sit in front of us having to share a tiny table for our drinks.  Thankfully we ran into two friends and snagged them at our table. Basically, don't offer first come first serve seating if we can't sit in our preferred location when we got here two hours early for that reason specifically.The drinks weren't very strong and were extremely overpriced. Limited selection of alcohols.  My Bacardi & Coke's were in a 7-10oz glass and there was no hint of alcohol taste. I ordered 5 to catch a buzz.   Between one refillable soda, and 10 drinks our bill was roughly $140 with a forced 15% gratuity. Our serve was awful so  factoring a tip into the bill is a little absurd.     I will try this place again because they have great comedians come through. I'm not a complainer, but next time if we don't get our preferred seats I will ask for a manager.   Maybe we'll bring a flask in the boot as well, haha.
1	Hate their two drink minimum policy which food items do not count for and their no picture policy.  Didn't use a flash, and everyone else was taking pictures and I'm the only one they give a hard time to.  Wth!They cram people in like sardines, and do the automatic gratuity thing.Annoyed with the whole experience!  Especially the picture thing, you'd think forty bucks a ticket gives you the right to document the event.
3	You definitely feel like a sardine in this place and the prices are high.  My friend ordered an "endless iced tea" thinking it was a regular iced tea with free refills; the price of his iced tea was $13!  It's too bad we have to go to this establishment to see great comedians.  The service is good but it's an expensive night out.
3	It really is a great venue.  Very updated and a great place to catch a laugh or two.I went with a large group of friends to see Doug Benson.  Show started right on time.  I've seen Doug several times and he never fails to make me laugh.  This night...he had pretty much had it with a couple of guys in the front who had obviously had WAYYYY too much to drink.  So much so that these idiots got kicked out.  Rightfully so.  Heckling is common...however, when you interrupt the comedian every 30 seconds to the point where he can't even tell a joke, then you have to leave.  Security took care of it without causing a scene so that was nice.  Now to the nitty gritty:A few of us ordered food as well as our drinks (2 drink minimum...to be continued).  Our server was really friendly and came to check on us often.  The food was actually really tasty!  I ordered the regular chicken sandwich and fries and the chicken was seasoned perfectly and wasn't dry at all.  The fries are super crispy and taste fabulous.  My friend ordered the Thai Chile wings...we shared.  The wings are HUGE and the sauce was delicious...could've used a bit more spice.  Now for the drinks.  I had a beer (Michelob Ultra bottle) and a Captain and coke...it cost me 15 bucks for both.  Pretty pricy for a Mich Ultra and a short drink.  Dependent upon what you ordered, your two drinks (2 drink minimum) could end up costing you upwards of $30.  There are no prices on ANY of the drinks on the menu.  THEN...they add 15% gratuity...even if you are only a party of 1!  Now only if they'd get rid of this two drink minimum.  I mean 2 drinks in downtown Phoenix should not cost ANYONE over $30.  Some shows will cost you $50 for one ticket.  So they're easily making profit.  People will drink.  That's a given.  At least let your clientele know what they're being expected to pay and don't make them have 2 drinks minimum (refer back to the dude that got kicked out).  If you are a designated driver...you'll still be paying $10.00 for an unlimited glass of soda!  Ummmm...I believe I can go to any restaurant and pay $3.00 and get unlimited refills...c'mon Stand Up Live...you're funny and all...but you aren't hurting for business!
1	Weak! I'm standing in line 15 minutes after  the show was supposed to start... Not happy... Hope the show is better than the venue.
1	First time here. Went to see Christopher Titus. This place is a place for comics to test new material. Comic used cue cards. Paid 60 bucks to go see him. 2 drink minimum per person. Took my wife. Totally cool with that. Had 4 or 5 cocktails wife had 3. Expected maybe a 80 dollar tab for less than a 25 dollar bottle of whiskey. 150 bucks! Are you f-ing kidding me!. Now I know why maybe 50 people showed up. Never go back there again. What a rip off. I can get full bottle service at that price. If I could id give this place negative stars. Thanks for slapping the bill on the table after the comic is done with his test runs and starts with his good material. Ruined the night. Just wanted to take my wife out for her birthday.
3	My husband surprised me with two tickets to see Christopher Titus at Stand Up Live this evening. I deftly followed up by looking at Yelp for the reviews. My excitement waned.My experience was pretty common. We arrived an hour early and were seated right away. The ticket agent, the hostess, the greeter all were sure to remind me of the two drink minimum. I looked at my menu and saw that there were no prices listed for the mixed drinks. I asked the waiter why and he hedged and stumbled in his answer. Then my husband asked what a Long Island cost and the waiter screwed his face, rattled off the variety of liquors in it, and concluded that it would be $11. It was the oddest bar experience I ever had.We were seated within spitting distance of some hipsters and that was a trip. I could hear their experience challenged musings about the world and society. Thank God for mandatory alcohol. I needed it. When they started on how many single mothers were in the room as they nursed their electronic cigarettes, I knew it was time to get that second drink.The opening act was fun and Titus was extremely entertaining and more than a little thought provoking. We ordered a bowl of spinach dip and made it last as long as we could. It was delicious. The food on the menu was reasonable priced and from what I could see, the portions were generous and they certainly smelled good!Then the bill came. $68. That was for four Long Islands, an appetizer and the mandatory 15% tip. Added to the $60 for the two tickets, I am convinced that this is not an experience we can have frequently. And the receipt had the audacity to include another line for "Additional Additional Tip". Yes, it said "additional" twice. I think that was the funniest line all evening, to be honest.In the end, this was a fun experience. The parking lot was directly below the building so there was minimal walking to the club. There was an open balcony area outside the club that was lovely and welcoming. The club is well decorated, albeit a bit cold and the a/c fan was blowing directly upon us. They ran out of TP in the ladies room. Some women were too drunk to notice. So bring a jacket. Arrive early. Eat before if you want to save money. Expect to cost about $25 additional per person for the drinks. Hope you like your tablemates. Be nice.
2	Went to see David Spade.2 drink min.. 1st.. mojito, it was so flavorless like the pop had run out of syrup but i still drank it, 2nd 7 & 7.. same thing, its like theyre using soda water instead of pop? this time I complained, said just bring me 7up, she did... it tasted like carbonated water TOO! what is the deal?!?! 3 STRIKES YOUR OUT!!!I think we got the last 2 seats in the house, very packed.4 drinks... $40... give me a break!
1	I would go even lower if I could. We went to see Adam Carolla at Stand Up Live and were very disappointed. It wasn't even standup. It was a filming of a podcast. Not Adam by himself but a phony morning show setting with 3 no name actors he interacted with. Worst part it wasn't funny. Next worse part is it cost me $41 a person to be an unpaid extra in this bs podcast. It actually had commercials we had to sit through too. It was a horrible misrepresentation in the part of Stand Up Live. When you goto stand up live you expect stand up comedy. Way over crowded too. Literally had to sit with strangers completely packed in like sardines. It was like Adam thinks he still is on man show. Your not. Get back to your roots as a stand up comedian and quit trying to gouge every cent by filming podcasts under the rouse of stand up. Everybody in the ground was pissed too. It wasn't just me.
4	This is you're standard run of the mill urban comedy club. They all pack you in tight, have two drink minimums, have seats facing away from the stage, and automatic gratuity. I saw the Ari Shaffir/Joey Diaz show on a Thursday night. Place was completely full. Crowd was ok, a bit more subdued than I expected. No name opener sucked..Had an order of wings and two bottles of blue moon which came to $29 with tax and gratuity. Wings were about a 3/10....My 4 star rating is probably due to the fact that I've frequented comedy clubs around the country and expected all the things other yelpers have whined about. A little advice, take note of how the club is configured so if planning a return, you can call and reserve the table of your choosing. Another tip, a hostess will seat you and act like there's a method to her madness but there isn't. If you don't like where she seats you, change seats when she walks away. Just don't sit in the reserved sections. Oh and shit, always BUY YOUR TWO DRINKS...Even if you don't they're going to add like a $5 soda fee to your bill. You might as well enjoy the drink because you're going to pay for it in the end...Remember, the club treats your ticket like car repair joints treat oil changes. They make the entry price cheap ($22 for the Shaffir/Diaz show) to get as many people in and try (force) and upsell drinks and air filters.
5	We saw Charlie Murphy here and had the dinner package....we were sat right in front of the stage...the staff was awesome...our food arrived in a timely manner and we were never waiting on drinks...the food was so good...we shared the combo for an appetizer...chicken wings, steak tips, and fries shrimp...delicious...my wife had a chicken salad which she liked and I had the sliders...they were very good....a very enjoyable experience
1	If I was only going to review Christopher Titus, the AMAZING comedian that I happily paid cash to go see... Yeah... 5 blazing stars!!!!! LOVE Titus! But... We're not reviewing the comedians. We're reviewing this establishments.TWO DRINK MINIMUM?! Cheapest drinks in the menu are the $12 sodas. Granted... They're "endless". However, the waitress was quite scarce and I think we received three refills that night? Lots of ice, though! So figure MAYBE half a can of cola per refill... If that. The glasses are a pretty funky shape as well and definitely not designed for room.We also ordered two drinks of the night. One was a peaches and cream deal, the other was the Norman Rockwell. They were pretty cute in not listing drink prices anywhere on their menu or otherwise. These drinks were $14.50 a piece. In drinks alone my husband and I paid over the cost of our tickets.Then... The food. We were starving and ordered two burgers which were relatively easily priced at $10.50 a piece. Veeeeeeery salty, at least for me. Hubby's grilled chicken was bland and it took 25+ minutes to get ketchup and it was well into the act when we actually received our food even though we ordered when we were seated a half hour before the show.And then there's the seating... I was NOT aware that we were spending that kind of money to be crammed, sardine style, into teensy chairs and knocking elbows with our neighbors. Yeah... I shouldn't be able to smell the rotting/stale dip on my neighbor's breath.Several lights were broken. The walk ways were itsy bitsy and definitely not safe with people's legs and arms sticking out... Service sucked... BUT we were FORCED INTO LEAVING 15% GRATUITY!!!!! And they had the balls to leave an additional tip line on our receipt.The entire night cost us nearly $200.00.Way to go Stand Up Live, you scammed me once. Never again. Never.Again,
2	Get there early and be obnoxiously picky about where you allow them to seat you.  Do your best to NOT have to be turned away from your table in order to see the stage.  Unfortunately this is where we wound up.  Wait staff constantly crossing between us and the stage, requiring us to pull our legs in to let them pass, pausing to provide necessary service (I understand they're doing their jobs!) right in our line of sight.  Perhaps if the owners hadn't crammed in so much seating?  A little more space would afford everyone a more enjoyable experience.  It would take a heckuva headliner to get me to want to go back to this venue and even then I'll probably think twice about it.
2	Rating a venue is always one of the hardest things to me to do while trying to not let the actual performance sway my revue.  On this given night I saw an awesome show.  The openers were even pretty good.  However, I am rating Stand Up Live and not the show.  The ticket booth was quick and efficient and got my will call tickets no problem.  Went to the door and was shown to our seats no problem.  We did not have an issue with space and were comfortable where we sat.  Now comes time for the drinks.  I have read the reviews on here so I knew what to expect.  My fiance ordered a mojito and I ordered a Blue Moon.  For some reason the waiter tried to upsell me on a shot of Grand Marnier in my beer, but I declined.  I understand an upsell, but really a boilermaker? Come on?  Her cocktails were pretty weak especially given the price, but again we expected this due to other reviews.  The venue was nice overall.  They had a restroom attendant, which I cannot stand because I do not like feeling pressured to tip when I use the restroom and also see not point in washing my hands if I have to reach in and grab a dirty dollar afterwards to tip someone.  I think though overall I would have really liked the place had it not been for the drink policy.  A lot of what they do seems downright deceptive to me.  I have never seen a place not count a food item towards an item minimum, but they do not.  Their drink prices are outrageous and their drinks are pretty bad at any price.  They count liquors like Bacardi and Smirnoff as top shelf with an upcharge.   Then of course the forced gratuity.  Pay your people if you want them paid well, but don't force me to.  The funny thing is I usually tip 20%, but their forced 15% turned me off from tipping a penny more.  I just cannot get past these things as like I said before I feel they are decieving.
2	My hubby and I went to see Brian Regan this past weekend and he was GREAT, so for the entertainment, I give 5 stars. The service however, was not so great and since it's the venue I am talking about I will stick to the experience itself.First, I made the "VIP" dinner package reservations and they neglected to put us at our reserved table. Thankfully hubby went looking around and found our names on a reserved table. We waited about 20 minutes before a server even came to take our drink order, which I don't blame the server, it's that the place seats tons of people and there weren't that many servers! We got there a little over an hour ahead of the show so we could have dinner BEFORE the show started, since you know, it's hard to chew and laugh at the same time, but we wound up not eating until the show started. You do the math on how long that took. The ladies next to us didn't even get their appetizer before their meal and were served everything when the show started as well. The food was ok, but honestly they should just do away with the dinner service due to the fact that service was SLOW, and it's really, really packed seating so when it comes to eating, there is no elbow room or ambiance AT ALL and the poor waitress could barely get to us since we were toward the front of our table.I would go definitely go back to see another show, but I will skip the "VIP" package since there was nothing VIP about it, other than the pricey tab ($150!!!) at the end of the night.
1	I am expressing my serious disappointment in this venue!! I want to let anyone out there know that I purchased tickets to Katt Williams at Stand up Live had a great night planned... I love comedy .... was not allowed in! I had a valid legit ticket purchased from Stand Up Live! Shannon with management REFUSED to let us in. We purchased tickets as a group and they printed out seven tickets on one paper!! It was disastrous! We asked them immediately when we got the tickets at their window to separate them if not individual not 7people arriving together exact same time! My boyfriend and I were not permitted in this is the absolute truth this venue Is awful be aware !!!!!! YOUR VALID LEGIT PURCHASE WILL NOT ASSURE you will see the show! Never been treated so poorly and we were not the only people who bought tickets from them that were told they could not come in !! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME NOR MONEY HERE
5	How can you not have a great time here.  People paid to make you laugh, and booze.  A match made in heaven.  Add great service and a convenient location (in downtown's CityScape right off the lightrail) and you've got yourself a 5 star rating.The menu could have a few healthier options, and the cocktails could be a tad cheaper, but all in all we had an awesome date night, and we plan to go back...frequently.
4	Saw Christopher Titus here, found out it was a charity event.  The comics were funny.  Meaghan was our server...AMAZING!!! She rocked.  It sucked that one of the tallest people was sitting in front of me ( I am barely over 5') and the chairs were close together and all the drinks seemed to be $11 or more.  The food and drinks were good but for 5 of us, 1 drink each and 1 app each, was $135 plus an added grat
1	Horrible excuse of a theater. super cramped, rude host. never go again.20 people were sat in front of us ordering and having diner during show. 13$ for a coke.
1	The owner of this place is greedy. They pack in way too many people. To the point where you can barely move and its uncomfortably hot.  It's not fair to the servers or the customers.  The Improv was a much better venue. Can't wait for it to come back.  I have gone to two shows here and I won't be back.
4	My first visit to Stand Up Live and it was hilarious!  I saw Chris Titus and several local comedians for KUPD's Yarnell Firefighters benefit.  The comedians brought laughter to such a sober event.  The staff at SUL were amazing.  We were running a bit late but we were directed to our seats quickly.  The seating is very tight but I think they try to squeeze as many guest in for a packed house.  There is a two drink minimum for the shows and the drinks average around $8.  I would check out SUL's schedule for the next hot show.  This a great place to check out new and old comedians.
4	I went to an early comedy show (7pm) and got there after everyone else was already seated. So there was no long line to wait on. However, I did see the line for the *next* show already snaking down the stairs. At 6:45pm. Ugh. (I would highly recommend confirming the line you're getting on. Or you might risk getting on the wrong line.)That was the upside to being fashionably late. The bummers (very minor tho) were trying to find parking and then getting seated at a table in the back. Our server was super duper quick in summing up the special drinks of the night. I tried the Blue-r Version of the Long Island Iced Tea. (Didn't honestly do anything for me. For my second drink I just went with a rum and coke.)I got reprimanded for grabbing a few pictures of the show. I wasn't filming a video or using flash. Just grabbing a few shots (for Yelp! of course!) I must have missed the sign outside or something advising the "NO PHOTOS" (but I didn't see it on the way out either). My friend and I didn't hear it the fifteen minutes before the show started. The only useful thing we heard was "Turn off your ringers!". So anyway, don't take any photos or the smartphone bouncers will come out!Have fun kids!
3	I still stand by my four star rating for the comedians themselves and really enjoy going here and having a good laugh. Unfortunately, it's the customer service that has me a little disappointed. While attending a show last night, we ordered a half bottle since it's a two drink per person minimum and it seemed cost effective (or the waitress did a good job selling us that it was!) We got our bottle right away but it took about a half hour to get our mixers and the show was already starting by the time we got them, which forced us to drink much faster than we would have liked. However here's the unfortunate situation. While waiting for our drinks, the waitress was coming up with a tray of other people's drinks and as she was setting it down right in front of me, a full glass of white wine went flying into me. It drenched me from head to toe. Hair dripping, my shirt and skirt soaked and even my feet wet, I sat there in shock. Thank goodness it was white wine so it didn't stain but I didn't get as much as a sincere apology from the waitress, no visit from a manager and nothing reflecting the serious blunder on the bill. I got drenched by an entire full glass of wine and the staff never acknowledged it. I didn't care about getting drenched, but it was disheartening that the staff didn't care about their mistake at all. Unfortunately that left a bad taste in my mouth (and hair, clothes and shoes). I will still continue to visit Stand Up Live because they bring in great comics and I also love their food, but I might just wear a rain coat next time.
1	I really don't like the service of this place. The only reason I come here is cause of the comedians. The food is mediocre at best and way expensive. Drinks are even more expensive. I usually try asking for a booth rather than sit at a crowded table, and its like pulling teeth. They did change their seating, which is better now. But I still cringe when I think about coming to this place but I do it for certain comedians. I miss the old Tempe improv (before it reopened)
3	With the demise of the Tempe Improv, I really wanted to like Stand Up Live so badly. There are lots of things they are doing right, but there are some things they really need to fix if they want to be a true attraction downtown. What they are doing right1) Food. The menu is an upper-scale menu and didn't seem too terribly unreasonable given the fare they were serving. Although we ate prior to coming to the show, (We saw Gilbert Gottfried) the portions looked generous, I could see the steam coming off the hot food, and the service appeared prompt. We enjoyed some chips, guac and salsa prior to the show and even though it was JUST chips, guac, and salsa, it was actually pretty tasty. The chips were served warm and fresh, the guac was definitely house made, and the salsa had just the right amount of heat to it. 2) Friendly service. It's always a good thing at a place like this to have friendly service--especially to those who are getting their drink on. Service was in abundance too which has it's pluses and minuses...as you will learn as you read on.3) Large, spacious room. The club was quite spacious and very nicely modeled. The chairs were comfy and it wasn't as tightly packed in as at the Improv. That's a bonus.What's not so good1) Over-staffing means that there are people wandering around and end up being intrusive because they are CONSTANTLY at your table checking on you. Hard to have a conversation or enjoy the acts when you are constantly being interrupted by staffers.2) Opening act needs WORK. I'm thinking he was the MC for the night because there was him, the guy before Gilbert and then Gilbert. So let's go with the MC needs work. His jokes were L-A-M-E and his delivery was awful. My 12 year old can tell better jokes. 3) Get rid of the video presentation of 'the rules' before the show. It was tacky, lame, and made me look for my old homeroom teacher Mrs. Ferguson from back in the day who's prime directive in life was to tell us what NOT to do. There has to be a better, more professional way to present that information. What sucks1) Stand Up Live offers 'souvenir' glasses with their signature drinks, but what they don't tell you is that they will automatically put your already ridiculously over-priced drink into their equally ridiculously over-priced souvenir glass and charge you for that too. Don't charge me for something I didn't ask for, and your menu should say so if you are going to automatically do this so I can decline or find something else to drink. 2) DO NOT have staff serving during the headline act. It got to the point of being downright aggravating to have staff walking in front of us CONSTANTLY during the headline act. At the Improv, it was understood that service was suspended during the headline act and it should absolutely be that way at Stand Up Live. It was to the point of being RUDE and ridiculously distracting with the constant walking back and forth. I can't imagine it's all that cool for the headliner either. I will go back because Jim Breuer is coming later this year, but I sure hope they get their act together or I get seated by the stage because I will not be happy if I am going to be constantly badgered or have staff walking in front of me during the show.  Fix these issues Stand Up Live and I promise to be a customer for life!
5	I came to Stand Up Live to see Lavell Crawford this past weekend. I had a great time. Within minutes of entering the building we were seated by the hostess and greeted by our server. The room was pretty full but the staff was still very attentive.  For appetizers we had nachos with the pulled pork. It was good and it was also a nice portion  size for the price. For dinner, I had a bacon cheeseburger and it was surprisingly tasty. There was a 2 drink minimum which is pretty standard.  After the show was over, our server had checks ready and cards returned to us within 5 minutes.
3	The key to a good Stand-Up Live experience? Book early, arrive early, and pre-purchase the dinner option. Those things will get you the best and most comfortable seating options. I have enjoyed the comedy at each show, but was not often physically comfortable. This last time was great. Was it pricey? Maybe a little, but they really do give you a ton of food for the money, and it was all decent.
2	Update:  the owner did reach out to try and offer me a better experience, which I think says something positive about the business. But honestly, I can't bring myself to go back, my experience the first time was that awful. Just thought I'd share, maybe service will improve?
5	I love this place! I've been here twice and its always been an awesome time!
4	They have some great comedy here -- fun stuff.  I had the filet salad, which I have to say was not impressive at all, but for $15, the value was on par with the price.  The service was decent - better than I expected given how many people were in the place!  Overall, it was fun and I would come back.
1	We went to the late show on Nov. 2 to see Flip Orly - some things to consider if you are going to visit this comedy club:1 - You will be waiting in line for up to 30 minutes - that's arriving at decent time.  Maybe early shows are better?2 - If you like sitting VERY close to strangers, get there late so you can be packed in like sardines.  Pretty much on the lap on the person in front me.  Try asking for the seats along the back wall. Much roomier.  Any seat at the tables on the floor area that are not at the end are horrible.  I was constantly trying to look over the guy tall guy in front of me.  I couldn't scoot over because the lady sitting next to me at the adjacent table had her chair so close to me that every time she turned her head her hair hit my face. UGGG!!  SEATS ARE WAY TOO CLOSE.  They should consider charging a little extra for "better seats" .3 - There it is 2 item minimum.  Don't order the fufu drinks unless you have a large bank account.  The souvenir glasses are ridiculously priced and drinks are watered down.  Beer is the best way to go - they don't have draft  - only bottled.  They up sell everything you ask for.  We asked for 2 beers - they offered a bucket of 6 (no deal going on there either) - We asked for chicken quesadilla - they offered pork.  We purposefully left t 2 seats empty at our table and were warned that they "may" be seating people there - where????  Unless you were a toddler - there was NO room.We got our tickets for free - so saving $40 bucks helped with the pain.  ALWAYS visit the Copper Club next door - super live bands and great people watching opportunities.I miss the Improve in Tempe :(
1	I forgot my ID when friends and I came here. I wasn't planning on drinking anyway, so it wasn't a big deal. But then we were not allowed to sit next to each other! The "whole table" had to be sober if one person was, so I and one other friend had to be segregated across the room! Even though the people on all sides of us were drinking anyway! Super rude!
2	It started two weeks ago when I purchased my ticket from their window.  I was charged $2.50 for a service fee.  What service was provided?  All I received was a ticket and it wasn't a real ticket.  It was simply a standard receipt.  When I go grocery shopping or go to any store I get the same thing without being charged a "service fee".At the club I was treated to a two drink minimum.  I ended up with two bottles of Blue Moon for $12.  That's not a typo.  You read that correctly.  $12 for two bottles of Blue Moon.  A guy sitting across the table from me said he didn't drink alcohol and was offered a bottomless Coke for $13.The server was obnoxious, took too long to bring out my drinks and irritated myself and the folks sitting around me.  During the act the server came around trying to sell shots on special.  Why were we interrupted during the show?A 15% gratuity was added automatically to my bill.  This does not sit well with me as I do not believe in standard mandatory tipping.  A tip is for good service and should not be included automatically on the bill.  Besides, with good service I would have left a larger tip than what was added.   I could have lived with this and let it go but the waiter also asked each party if they would round up to 20% and leave a few extra bucks.  This was over the line and out of bounds as far as I am concerned.The show itself was great and my review is not a reflection on the talent that performs at Stand Up Live.  I do not enjoy, however, getting overcharged on beer and paying fees for imaginary services.
5	Always a good time at Stand Up Live!!!!!Copper Blues is a great place to hang before or/and after the show.   Love the food and drinks.  MACARONI!!!!!!! Mmmmmmmm.I've seen sooooo many amazing comedians!  Always feels good to laugh : )1 or 2 not so funny comedians but not everyone is going to be your cup of tea.Pablo Francisco, Jim Breuer and Dana Carvey were amazeballs!!!!
3	2 drink minimum is not a big deal when you want 12
1	Stand up live posted they would contact me on Facebook regarding not allowing me in with a valid ticket, purchased from their window They blocked me instead What a great business nice Poor service poorly ran very upsetting to deal with !!! Stay away from this venue
1	I came in to see Judah from 30 Rock. I was supposed to be with a friend but they cancelled. Because I had tickets I decided to go anyway. This was my first time at this club so I wasn't sure what to expect. The show started late, because I was by myself I was seated extremely awkwardly with a bad angle of the stage and seated with a large group of loud people. It was awkward to say the least. I also made the mistake of ordering food at a comedy club. I got the steak skewers and they were overcooked grey and tasteless! I also got a mixed drink that tasted almost entirely like syrup. Big hands down for stand up live !
2	So, we went back to SUL recently to see Jim Breuer and man does he put on a great show! If you get the chance to see him--GO. He was 5 stars all the way.Now, as for SUL, well the same issues I had the first visit were even more evident the 2nd visit. Service still continues at FULL THROTTLE through the entire headlining act. It was a CONSTANT barrage of servers walking in front of us the entire show. It was rude, it was distracting, and frankly, I don't know if I'll go back knowing that for the ENTIRE SHOW, I will have someone walking in front of me. Please--that was one of the best things about Improv--the suspension of service during the headliner so that you can actually see, pay attention to, and be entertained because thats what we paid to see! Our server tried to pull the same trick with the souvenir glasses as last time but we told him after he brought our drinks out the first time that that's not what we ordered and we aren't paying for them. He changed them out without much fuss because he could see we meant business but still. That's not good business. I want to like Stand Up Live and I know there will be acts that I want to see, but I'll be honest, I will truly hesitate if that show is at SUL.
4	I had a good time for my first experience at Stand Up Live. Like most comedy clubs in the area you have to be okay with the possibility of rubbing elbows with someone else.. space is always limited and packed full but other than that I have no complaints. They put 6 of us at a high top.. it was small but we made due..we paid for bottle service and the waiter took great care of us at our table throughout the show. Snacks..drinks etc. You really cannot have a good spot here... every seat is a pretty decent seat. Ill be back!
3	First time here at Stand Up Live, saw Anjelah Johnson and had an amazing time. She is hilarious - Bon Qui Qui!! The place was packed, she was completely sold out! A lot of reviews say that Stand Up packs you in like sardines, and they do. But I kind of enjoyed that, every seat has a good view. It was my friends birthday and we had asked for something special, but there was nothing "special".There is a two drink minimum, so they get you there. Two beers cost $12 in addition to your ticket do it's not a cheap night. But I really like the atmosphere and would definitely go back to check out some other comedians.Saaaaaaacurity!
4	Typical comedy club with a 2 drink minimum. They pack a full house and put on great shows. I saw Anjelah Johnson and Mal Hall. We had reserved seating as we accompanied family members. No seats are really better than others unless you are seated at the foot of the stage.Similar to another review I had a server spill steak sauce all over my leg and arm. There was no apology or even recognition of their mistake. I didn't expect anything just disappointed there wasn't any acknowledgment.After the show I had a chance to go back stage for photos, small talk, and good times. The greenroom is quite small about 20x20 is all. A little tip is to arrive early and enjoy some drinks next door at the bar instead of exceeding your 2 drink minimum. Drink prices are a little over priced but the appetizers are worth the money! Got to try the Nachos!Great times, enjoy the show!
4	It was my first visit to this comedy club, to see the hilarious Anjelah Johnson.  We used it as an excuse for a girls trip.  The tickets are cheap because there's a two drink minimum.  What they don't tell you is that it can be alcoholic or non-alcoholic drinks.  So you can do 2 sodas for $8.  Just don't do the bottomless soda and you'll be fine.  We had a rough night the day before so it was water for us.  Like everyone else said they pack you in like sardines.  But the venue is pretty small so it's not that bad.  We're pretty short but got lucky that no one big sat in front of us.  Overall a good time.  We had dinner first at the arrogant butcher which was good too.  We're glad we didn't eat there as the food didn't look too appetizing.  It's just a big bar menu.
5	Went here last night for Aries Spears show and was quite impressed! Very nice set-up venue in downtown Phoenix. Of course, I sat at the front so had a perfect view of the comics the entire time. Cocktails were a tad weak, but the kick-ass fries made up for it!Aries was soooo hysterical - he killed it! He's one of my new faves. :)I'll will be back, SUL, for sure!
1	IT'S A TRAP! This place has the WORST service. The waiters and waitresses pressure you in to ordering a two drinks minimum the ENTIRE time you are there. The food is decent, mostly fried bar food. They share a kitchen with a bar with 60 beers on tap and NONE of them are available to order. You can only order beer from a bottle or watered down well drinks. I will NEVER go back to this place. As much as a like comedy, it's not worth the money. I wouldn't have gone the last time if they didn't trick me in to free tickets. Why pay for something I can watch on Comedy Central at home with the beer of my choice?
4	Love Stand Up Live, I go often !  I was a regular at the Tempe Improv' and was sorrowfully disappointed when it closed down, but low and behold unto the Phoenix area a greater blessing was bestowed .... Stand Up Live !  I thoroughly enjoy being able to mix and mingle in the comfort (and air conditioning) of Copper Blues restaurant / Bar prior to show time, instead of baking in the heat of the Arizona sun while standing in a long line at the Improv' - what was I thinking ?  Now I'm not cranky by the time I'm seated for my comedy show, wonder if the comedians notice the difference in the demeanor of the crowd ?  Anyway, food choices are far better than they were at the Improv' too. Ticket prices for shows vary but are very reasonable.  There are comfy booth options which include bottle service, if you aren't into sitting at a crowded table next to people you may not know, but after you've met your 2 drink/item minimum, who really cares. Cheers to Laughing Out Loud !
5	Had an awesome time New Years Eve here. Gabriel Iglesias put on an amazing show. Flufyguy did not disappoint, all new material. Our server Jaime was beyond awesome and handled the crazy situation beautifully. Will go back again.
3	EXTRA TICKET FEES!  I would give this comedy club 5 stars if it wasn't for the unnecessary ticket fees bad parking and forced drinks. Why not include extra service fee into the ticket price? Maybe they don't do it because of their tax purposes. I don't know but whatever the reason it's like a slap in the face when they advertise a ticket price go to pay and get hit with extra service fees. Moving on. Arrive early parking was a nightmare on a Friday night. Although there are 5 levels of parking underground they would only allow us to park on 2 levels until the parking manager felt it was time to open the lower levels. They didn't bother to add a lot full sign cars kept coming in driving around in circles then exiting to find another parking lot. Ended up finding parking two doors down in the city center underground parking. Which wasn't bad at all because the comedy club validates parking we still paid $3 for parking. Back to the venue. The decor is clean fresh contemporary and fun. Ample seating arrangements only a couple of bad seats in the house off to the sides near the front of the stage. Two drink minimum because most clubs do the same. It's like a monopoly among comedy clubs. Honesty when drinks are forced on me, it makes me not want to order more than two drinks otherwise I would probably order more. We were there to have fun and I don't even look at prices when I'm having fun. The drinks were awesome by the way. Our server was a little slow compared to some of the other servers. I understand it was a busy night but other guests received their food before we did and they arrived after we did. Our service was nice and courteous this is why our server only received a 10% tip from us. The food was decent nothing spectacular we ordered a chicken quesadilla and spinach artichoke dip. This is not the first time we've been to this club although it was our first check in on yelp. It's the newest club in Arizona and it beats the Tempe improve because of the central location. Be prepare to spend $130+ between tickets, fees, parking, food and drinks. Having said that I love live comedy so much that some comics are worth going to. If stand up live stops charging extra fees completely validates parking and gets rid of the 2 drink minimum this would be one of the best comedy clubs in the country. See you next time.
2	This review has nothing to with the acts. Frank caliendo always draws in good talent. food is decent but overpriced. The main drawback is the "cram 'em in" seating plans. Every show is "sold out, just sit where it's easy for us. Oh, you paid to get in? Tough. We're going to jam you in elbow to elbow, enjoy our waiters elbowing you in the head. Thanks for your money!"
4	Went there to see Janeane Garofolo.  She was great.  I like the seating much better here than at the old Improv.  We arrived close to 7pm when the show started and still got seats with great visibility.  Service, drinks and food were really good.  Only good things to say about the whole event except the intro comic sucked wind.  The second comic and JG were great.  I will definitely watch the schedule and return for a good time.
4	Went there with a group of friends last weekend (January 10, 2014) to see Joe Rogan, and was unsure how it was going to be, because of previous bad experiences at the Tempe Improv.  But....We had a fantastic time.  The show was amazing and our server was outstanding.  She was definitely on top of things.  She approached me and took my drink order the second I sat down.  We didn't have to wait long for drinks or food.  My group did the dinner package so that way we could have reserved seats....that's definitely the way to go.  It's not very expensive, the food is tasty, and it covers your two drink minimum.  It does tend to become a pretty pricey evening the moment you order an alcoholic beverage though....their drinks seem to be an average of $15.....but, you have to be prepared for that when going out to an evening like this.  They have a great line-up of comedians.....we will definitely be back :)
1	do not use a credit card online through laugh hub or standup live. it charged my account three times and then left it pending for 6 day and then gave me back my money and i have no tickets. the acts are great and the service is ok.
5	I'm not going to lie.  My standards for comedy clubs are kind of low.  As Improv patrons for years, we've gotten used to a certain level of mediocrity.  A group of us bought tickets for the Joe Rogan show and one of our friends discovered the VIP dinner package - for $60 per two people, we got an appetizer to share, entrees and a dessert to share.  Best of all, fantastic seats!  The food was surprisingly good.  The pretzels were tasty and my chicken bowl seasoned well.  The chocolate cake was slightly dry but still good.  And the drinks were well made.  I look forward to returning.
4	Parking was in the garage. Regularly $10 because of the Suns game but Stand Up Live validated that charge. They get you into the venue/seats really fast. The venue is fairly small which is great because there isn't a bad seat in there. The food actually was pretty good! Better than expected for a comedy club! I think they share the kitchen with Copper Blues next door. Try the carnitas tacos!! The service was pretty slow but I didn't have high expectations with that many people in one room. Also the seating is VERY cramped!! Pretty good drink selection. I don't normally drink liquor too much but I thought the Party Animal was pretty good! Saget was hilarious!!
5	I was very impressed at the clean venue and atmosphere. My husband and I have visited other comedy joints in the past. It was very high priced and over rated so we didn't expect much from this place. We were worried about previous comments about prices of food and drinks. This place offered us pretty much good seats no matter where you sat. Cramped a little but it's a comedy club. Something to expect. Our drink total was a little over $21. The prices of food are clearly labeled in the menu. Alcoholic drinks you have to ask the price. But if something isn't labeled on a menu then why wouldn't you ask the price ahead of time?  Our server was very pleasant. She asked for drinks or food only twice the entire show. Not pressured at all. They validate parking which is safe and nearby.  Overall a very good experience.
5	I love this venue but get in early to make sure you get a good seat. Food is great if but a little on the slow side as you can imagine for a sold out show. They compd our food due to the wait. Overall excellent service.
4	Went there last night with a large group of people from my business (250+) and it was a hoot!  Service was great and the comedy was top notch.  It made my night.  Thanks! !!!
4	Very crowded, free tickets. I won't complain.
4	Food is terrible and drinks are expensive but it is a great place to see great comedians.
2	I recently saw Whitney Cummings perform with some friends. It was a very entertaining show and I thought she was hilarious which is why this rating even got 2 stars. I was overall disappointed with the experience with Stand up Live. It was awkward that they sat 3 people directly in front of us, literally right at our table, so it left no room at all on the table for drinks and food. The food was mediocre at best and the drinks were all very weak and overpriced. The service took a really long time but was personable and pleasant. The moral of my story is I have learned that if I return, I would be sure to reserve a table, eat dinner elsewhere before or after the show.
1	Horrible place! Rude people and over active managers.  They let a simple situation get out of hand and kicked us out because we laughed to hard at a joke with the table next to us.  The first manager told us that she would be back to solve this simple situation after we were told to be quite. The next one kicked us out as we were trying to discuss what we had done wrong.  We had ordered food and drinks (that had just recently arrived) and were not allowed to finish them and told we had to leave and there would be police waiting outside for us.  Had to pay our bill and leave the premises.  Manger over reacted instead of trying to alleviate the situation.  The manager tried to tell us that he was under contract to keep people quite when the performers were on stage.  I was just trying to enjoy the show and choke down their overly salty pretzels.  Don't really care to go back
2	Great place, great environment. Comedian was funny as hell.Two stars because our waitress was the worst. Wrong drinks twice, took 20 mins for a club soda, wrong checks three times. Also waitress loudly explained (interrupting our comedy experience) that "our computers are down, so unless you can pay cash you might have to stay late." I will? Really? Wrong. I'd come back but we'll ask to be reseated if she gets anywhere near me.
3	Overall decent club. Any view in the house is a good one. Expect typical comedy club watered down drinks. The staff is super friendly and attentive. When I was there, they were having issues with their computers so it took awhile for the check. Not sure if this is a reoccurring issue. They house some pretty solid comedians so I'll be back, I'm sure.
5	Lots of fun! Conveniently located and not too crowded. There's a fun nightclub/bar connected for good times after the show. Food is good too!
2	Every touring comedian I've seen there was good.  The hosts are so-so.  Kinda lame.  But in order to make a great experience service is right up there w the performers.  Last night I had possibly the worst service in my life. The waitress took my boyfriends food order & then walked off before asking me! I ended up just sharing with him.  It's a 2 drink minimum yet either of us getting a second drink failed to happen.  I FINALLY was asked & got mine but the show ended before I finished.  & my boyfriend NEVER got a refill even tho he paid $12 for "bottomless iced tea". My irritation was distracting me from the show.  The place was half full & this was the service.  Nice.
5	Great venue. I've been to many comedy clubs but this one has quick service, great food and is in a good location. After the comedy show you can head on over to Lucky Strike, which we did, and bowl the night away.
4	I went here with a friend and I had a good time.  The comedians were hilarious and the drinks were darn tasty, as was the food.  The place is a little tightly squeezed and I felt like I was almost sitting in the lap of the couple next to me on their first date.  The tables are so tiny too it's hard to fit plates on your itty bitty table the size of a school desk....possibly it's smaller.Checking into the place was a little bit strange, we stood in line and were the first ones in line yet weren't the first ones seated.  Apparently if you go to the bar up above you might be able to slip into the show and be seated sooner then us losers that were standing outside in the heat waiting.  It's not a promise, just a guess as people were up at the bar, and by the time we walked in to be seated the place already had many people inside.Instead of the rope guy standing at the front having us prepare with tickets and them scanning them as we walked in.  They walked down the line and grabbed tickets and scanned them and then handed them back.  As I watched them work I questioned how they kept straight the ones that bought tickets and the ones that were sneaking in.  Didn't seem like they could keep it straight.There were many things about the place that could have been done better or improved on a little bit.  However I went there for the comedians, not the food or anything else.I'd return there. I had a good time.
2	I love live comedy.  I hate going to this club.  That is all.
4	Had a blast thanks to Andy Steinberg. Awesome host, funny dude. Make your two drink minimum worth it- Long Island with sprite topped with 151! Oh boy. You'll be feelin good after those 2.
4	I came expecting a casual, moderately entertaining experience, and left still laughing, a little buzzed, and definitely impressed. It was certainly memorable.This place is pretty classy, with the majority of patrons (including me) putting effort into looking sharp. You'll need to bring your A-Game to blend in. Oh, and it helps if you're really social. The seating is...uh...intimate. Like, REALLY close. You'll have to consciously keep your elbows away from the patrons seated inches away. The two-drink minimum doesn't bother me because let's face it, who WOULDN'T wanna knock back a couple in here? What blows, of course, is how overpriced they are. I mean, come on, my "Strong Island" was the night's "special", and was a mediocre cocktail for $15. Fortunately, that special came with a glass to keep. Okay, nifty. The show was great, and the quality of service contributed to this greatly. Our waitress never got in the way or caused us to miss a joke. She was a little overwhelmed and slow in the beginning, but afterwards it was smooth sailing. We tipped her big. Toward the end, they had some sort of two-for-one shot special that turned sour when I realized the bartenders absolutely suck. No seriously, HIRE BETTER BARTENDERS. They are TERRIBLE. Stick to the beer and wine. Yes, you are going to spend a ton of money here, but that can be said about every venue ever, so I won't ding them for more than one star. This is the most legit place for comedy in the valley.
5	Loved it, friendly staff and food was d-lish and adorable. People who rated this place poorly probably are afraid to sit next to people they don't know and are easily offended. You are at a comedy club! Shut up and go watch Netflix at home with your cat.
5	Always a good time! 90% of the time have gotten a seat right next to the stage with only being 20~ minutes early. Venue is a great size for the acts they bring in, and the price for the tickets are reasonable.There is a 2 drink min every show, but you can buy a endless soda that counts towards the drinks. It's roughly $13~ and you get to take home a Stand Up Live souvenir glass.The stand up acts often times to meet and greets, and take photos afterwards... I've seen multiple go over their length of time, which is always nice to get a little more bang for your buck. All in all, Stand Up Live is the best Stand Up Comedy theater in all of Phoenix, Arizona. 5/5
4	Its awesome to be able to see some of my fave comedians locally.  They have a two drink minimum and seating is a little weird but I def cant wait to go back.
4	A solid, professionally run club.  Even open mic night is a great time and run by pro MCs.  Only gripe is the volume of the pre-show music.  Can barely hear the person next to you.  Other than that, a great experience.
2	Visited the Phoenix area to see Stanhope a few months ago and the main problem wtih this club is people are packed in like sardines.  I understand the club trying to make a buck, but be prepared to not move and definitely don't expect to make a quick trip to the bathroom from anywhere except by the door.  You will be squeezing by and stepping over people, which is annoying for everyone.  I equate the experience with sitting in an economy airplane seat where you're fighting for shoulder space.  Easily they could remove just a few tables and give guests a few more inches of comfort.I'll stick with my local favorite, Hollywood Improv.  I love stand-up, didn't love this venue.
4	I only go to two comedy joints in the Phoenix Metro area; here at Stand Up Live and their sister club The Tempe Improv. They have a great mailing list you can join for discounts and reserved seating. The climate and lighting inside is always perfect and I always have a good time- but there are a few things that can be approved upon. First off, I like the late showing but I hate that they don't open the doors until the actual show time on the ticket.  Due to this policy, the line is long is hell and the last thing I want to be doing is standing in a long line, looking cute in my stilettos sweating!  I understand there is a first showing and they need the time to clean in between but there has got to be a better way! Secondly, I don't mind the 2 drink minimum but what I do mind is that the prices of the drinks aren't on the menu and I keep walking out with a drink bill over $30 for just me!  Last time I unexpectedly got a souvenir hurricane glass with my bill so I guess that softened the blow a little.  The food is alright, sometimes I get the nachos or the Artichoke dip. The carne asada tacos and the wings aren't too impressive, the again I am partial to crispy wings and these are not. Overall, Stand Up Live consistently delivers a great night of laughs with lots of attractive "grown and sexy" individuals to match.  ***Cheap people tip-  a bottomless soda order satisfies the 2 drink minimum and it's around $8!
4	Loved seeing Anthony Jeselnick here - so hilarious!! Thanks for bringing him to town. I have to say that this venue is very clean, but very very tight. I know they have to bring in as many guests as possible, but it's cramped. Wait staff is efficient and there's a 2-drink minimum (which is customary around town.) The beer and wine were all fine, but the soft drinks and lemonade were watered down awful. Certainly everyone is not here for lemonade, but still. Food smelled good too. I'd come back for someone to make me laugh again.
5	Seriously wish I could give 10 stars to this place! We usually start at copper blues for happy hour, amazing selection and the service is even better! Our waitress (so sorry I can't remember the name!) recommended me a fantastic local beer after I described the type that I like. She even told me about a "mixed"  beer she invented from 2 hefefeizens and it was AMAZING! we ordered an appetizer as we waited for our friends to arrive, they were a little late and we were worried about getting good seats for the show next door. Our writers volunteered to go and reserve us the best spots still available so we could finish our food! When we were ready to head over she escorted us to our table-amazing location- and even carried our drinks. This was above and beyond customer service, by far the best comedy club/restaurant duo I have been to! Unlike Stand Up Scottsdale, water is free, the drinks are delicious, the food is fantastic, and the service is impeccable. I recommend this spot to anyone and everyone!
2	Great comedy.  Bad service with over priced watered down drinks.  Only go if you really want to see the comedian.
4	There's a two drink minimum, which is not uncommon at comedy places. The price of their drinks (at least the beer) isn't that bad. The venue itself is pretty big and looks nice. The service is pretty good as well.They have pretty good performers come, and we had a chance to meet the comedian afterwards and take photos with him as well.
1	My date ordered steak bites and when the busboy was passing it OVER my head (he was sitting next to me, very well could have gone between us) He spilled it directly onto the top of my head, down my hair, all over my clothes and body. Absolutely drenched in hot steak and garlic juice. Not only did the manager not come over, but they informed us their policy is not to take care of the matter at all. Our server said she asked if the "spilled item could be discounted" and her manager told her no. My entire night was ruined, not to mention the $70 blow out I had that day. Worst service and management ever. I've called 6 times since then only to be out on hold indefinitely.
5	Hilarious places, filled with lots of laughs. Great for date night, big groups, or just a night out on the town. The stars usually come out after the show and you can meet them/take a picture, so that's cool. Have been here several time and would keep going back.
4	I was here on July 3rd with some co workers to see Carlos Mencia on his opening night. We all got the VIP tickets which I highly recommend to anyone if they can do it.The price for the VIP tickets were a decent price. VIP was $55 while regular was like $30. We got perfect seats right by the stage. The room was huge and they had pictures of different comedians there. With the VIP, we were allowed to meet Carlos before the show and take pictures and what not. There was a two drink minimum which isn't too bad and they have a nice variety. Prices for drinks were not too bad.After the show, there's a nice bar next door and then there's the Lucky Strike bowling and Gypsy lounge right next door if you want the fun to continue. I would come back to Stand Up Live again if another favorite comedian decides to come there.
1	Took my parents to see an up and coming comic. Allow me to do some situational math. 4 people + 8 drinks(required 2 drink minimum) = $97 dollar dink bill. When is this ever acceptable??? Way over priced drinks! I feel like someone stole from me, considering the price of alcohol bought in stores.
1	had tickets to see Margaret Cho on 10/11...got a call 3 hrs before the 7:30 show saying they had power outage and the show was cancelled....but if we wanted to we could come to the 10pm show.  we asked if they would be willing to comp our 2 drink minimum but they were not willing to do that so we just got a refund
3	I have seen a lot of great acts here! The entertainment provided is definitely top-notch. The food is decent. My favorite item on the menu would have to be the mac and cheese with bacon. However, the last couple of times I ordered it, it didn't come with the bacon. The featured drinks are fantastic, though expensive, and they come with a souvenir glass.
1	So we sat down and didn't get our food before the show ended and they said we had to leave. We already ordered our food... Unacceptable service!!!!
3	This place looks better on the outside than on the inside very dated. Also, it's way overpriced and always crowded reminds me of waiting to get on space mountain at Disneyland just to get into the venue! The only pro is that there is a live entertainment show before the movie and there isn't really a bad seat in the house.
3	I finally reached someone there who had a manager call me back 3 days later. He said it was not their policy to just ignore the issue, that he was there that night and had heard nothing of it. He offered me tickets to an upcoming show and dinner as an apology but will not replace the ruined satin top or blow out caused from the accident. All in all, I guess its an ok resolution.
2	They all but hold a gun to your head to force you to buy their watered down drinks.  Not customer focused at all.  Show started an hour late.  Expensive parking... An hour to get out of the lot.  Sealing arrangement substandard!  Won't be returning!
5	Incredible comedians in a beautiful comedy club with great seating, friendly staff and a cheesy bar-food menu.  So thrilled to have this place in town!  Come early and sit up close - it's amazing!  Disclaimers: they do have a 2-drink minimum, as per usual, so keep in mind that the price tag for your night out will be that much more than the ticket price.  Also, the tables are tiny and you'll probably be across from your date rather than next to her/him.  However, this is perfect for exchanging glances during uproarious laughter.   They get incredible comedians!  We've seen some serious class acts here!  Charlie Murphy, Jay Mohr, Kevin Pollak, the Sklar brothers, and two of the guys from Super Troopers.  You can sit up close and struggle not to fall out of your chair laughing.  The openers are terrific and the DJ/announcer is awesome (if you come early, you'll be well entertained).  This club is beautiful and the service is friendly (albeit not always excellent).  A lot of comedy clubs are a bit seedy and dark - nothing like that here!  It's bright and definitely on the swanky side.  If you show up early, you can sit pretty close to the stage, which is incredible - but even more distant seats offer a great experience.The food is pretty unimpressive - probably best described as heavy bar food, but pretty appropriate for drinking and laughing, and fairly reasonably priced.
4	We had a party of four to see Mark Viera last night. We were pleasantly surprised at how good the food actually was. The drinks were reasonably priced too. We had a really great time. The staff sat us inthe front row so that might have made a difference. We will definately return.
4	I booked our company party here for the first time and I expected the comedy to be good and the food passable. I was wrong. The food was exceptional and the comedy was as good as it gets. What a great time.
2	This place is watered down. First you get packed into cafeteria style seating elbow to elbow. Then the lights dim for 15 minutes of prerecorded "goofy" ads for the club you're already in and a video about the rules. At this point I was upset that I had to sit through movie theater style advertisements with no drink and no wait staff yet. Really sitting through their 15 minutes of movie theater style ads put me off the most. It was just so impersonal and cold. Hallelujah the server is here! Two drink minimum is standard at comedy clubs so that is fine. There are no prices anywhere on the menu and when I ask cocktails are "13-15 dollars but we only use top shelf liquor." Pricey! I can see why they don't list the prices. A bad venue doesn't make a comedian less funny but the sour taste you'll be left with (for $13-$15) makes it hard to go in with a positive attitude. I will be going to any of the other local clubs from now on.
4	Great service... We had 3 servers! Moscow Mules in 5 favors... Choices?! The ambiance is what should be expected in a comedy club. Loud louder and deafening! The food is delicious but not many choices on the menu.
1	Horrible experience with waitress Jaime.....another waiter had to tell her to come serve my table before she even made a first appearance, and then once she finally came over to take our order, which was a food and drink order, we received our drinks (without the food) and then never saw her again. Finally, once the headliner was almost finished, we complained to the manager and then she finally came over saying that she confused us with another couple who had asked for her (as if it wasn't her job to check on ALL of her tables the entire night). The manager got us free drinks in which we were too upset to even drink and gave us free passes to another show ( which isn't really free at all because they make their money mainly off of the two drink minimum  and food). My entire experience was ruined and I couldn't even enjoy the headliner from being so upset over the service....thanks to Jaime!!!!
3	We came here New Year's Eve for some laughs, and overall it was an ok experience. The comedy was better than I had expected, and I certainly laughed a lot more than I had anticipated. The space is interesting in that there truly isn't a bad seat in the house when it comes to seeing the stage. But there are better seats to be had for avoiding the sardine situation. The hubs and I are pretty social when it comes to strangers, but the main floor is uncomfortably tight. We were lucky to get a corner booth 4-top with our friends when we arrived about 20 minutes early, which was much more spacious than the main floor. But two of us sat with our backs to the other two - just a little strange when the goal is to still be in a social setting with your friends. The mixed drinks did not look or sound appetizing, so I stuck to beer. And much to my surprise they had some craft beer! It was expensive but a relief to enjoy my drink. The food was....bar food. Nothing crafty about it, just pretty greasy and also expensive. Our tickets actually came with an appetizer platter, but it wasn't worth the unsettled stomach. Definitely stick to drinks only and grab food at some other joint around the neighborhood.The other notable disadvantage in their packed setting was the staffing - there seemed to be WAY too few people serving a full house, and we only saw our waitress twice the whole night. I felt bad for her, so I wouldn't call it bad service per se. But everyone working seemed pretty frantic, which makes for somewhat awkward customer service for those of us trying not to be high maintenance. I don't feel super eager to come back for any ole weekend night of fun, but for the right comedian I wouldn't hesitate to return.
