4	Brand spanking new place right in my neighborhood! It's located in the corner of a strip mall that is for the most part vacant, so I can see why i'm the first to review it. It's a teppanyaki type restaurant, but without all the fancy tables and onion volcanos. I think it's actually a good idea since I like teppanyaki but sometimes I don't need the whole show, weird people sitting at my table or annoying birthday songs. It took them about 5 minutes to make my to-go order and considering they just opened, it seemed fine to me.I ordered the Ckicken Teppanyaki plate with Bok Choy & Fried Rice. It was all cooked right in front of me, all the ingredients looked and tasted fresh...not too shabby, seems a lot healthier than Panda Express.The price was a little over $7 without a drink, I guess that seems fair. The decor is simple & modern with dark brown and reds. What kind of cracked me up is the Teppanyaki chef guy still had to add a little flair even though I don't think it's neccesary, I guess old habits die hard.Overall I'll go back, it's a very new place and hopefully it'll do well.
3	So the place is good. I had some chicken teriyaki and it was fresh tasting and what I was expecting. The fried rice was my favorite because it was made just right and had all the seasonings. I want to give this place a 4 star but I'm giving them 3 because I immediately recognized one of the reviewers because of the picture working behind the counter and I don't doubt that another reviewer of this place is a worker either since they both have 1 review each. I would just think that it is dishonest of them to write their own reviews. If I'm wrong about them, I'm sorry but I still recommend trying this place sometime when you feel like eating somewhere new.
4	I usually order the plate special with Salmon. It's pretty much a grilled salmon with a choice of rice/chow mein and veggies or bokchoy. However, it's the seasoning that really makes the food sing. Their dishes are savory, well-seasoned, and flavorful, and I like how they make it to order. Prices are very reasonable, and I love the generous portion on the Thai iced tea.
5	If you like teppanyaki (benihanas style cooking) you've gotta try this place.  The food is as good as what you'd find at a $50/person restaurant like Benihanas but costs less than $10/person.  The filet and the shrimp are spectacular.  Both the fried rice and yakisoba are very delicious dishes to complement your meal.  They have a sauce bar and I'd recommend the yumyum sauce. If you like spicy try mixing the yumyum withe the spicy sauce.  Both the fried rice and yakisoba are very delicious dishes to complement your meal.
4	I wasn't too enthusiastic about this place as we drove into the barren shopping center.  They have those big stickers on the windows outside telling you about their specials.  These stickers usually mean that the restaurant is focusing more on money than the food.  I couldn't be more wrong about this assumption.I ordered the bowl special, and I was really blown away by the quality of the food.  I ordered the steak.  They make everything to order from fresh meat, and it had a nice sear on it.  Instead of masking all the flavors of fresh veggies, rice, and meat with huge globs of gloopy teriyaki sauce, they use dashes of seasoning to really make all the fresh flavors pop.  I was EXTREMELY impressed by what they were able to do with a little chicken bowl.They have a sauce bar, and I dipped my meat and veggies in 4 or 5 of the different sauces.  All of them were excellent and different.  I ended up combining 3 of the sauces and mixed it in with the rice.  It was wicked good.In short, if your want fresh, fast, cheap, high quality Japanese food come here.
4	Japanese teppanyaki at a ridiculously low price!  When I visited the website and saw "Nothing over $10" next to "Filet, Shrimp, and Salmon," I had my doubts.  I paid $7.51 (with tax) for a chicken breast plate that included my choice of white rice, brown rice, fried rice, or lo mein, and any number of veggies on a second list.  Volcano Grille has a number of sauces to entertain, from the eponymous "Hot Lava" and "Hot Magma" to the flavorful "Japanese Salsa" and appeasing "Spicy Teriyaki."  Volcano Grille is a great buy.  Check it out!
5	Fast, Fresh, Healthy, and Cheap teppanyaki.
1	This is nothing like a Benihana style teppanyaki place and I'm not a big fan of the uber-teppan chain. It's a teriyaki chicken bowl fast food place. Walked in, it didn't smell or look appetizing so we left. FYI - Fellow Yelpers a teppanyaki place typically cooks on a flat grill in front of the seated customers, look it up.
5	This place gets 5 stars because their $10 filet mignon was really yummy.  $10 filet?  Really?  Aaaand the taste was on point.  The fried rice and grilled veggies were good too.  I'm from Cali, and this actually was just as good or a tad better than my favorite $30 teppan dinner at a place called Yanagis.  Seriously, you have to try for yourself.  I told my hubby he need not take me to Benihanas or any other Teppan here in Vegas.  This will do just fine for me.
5	This place is fantastic, I have eaten here several times since moving here and the prices, selection, and quality are top notch.  It is off the beaten path but well worth the trip!
4	I really want to give this a 3.5.  Good food.  Tasted fresh.  Sauces were good.  They had chop sticks and didn't assume I wanted a fork. :)  Bonus.But a few things were a bit weird.  It claims to be a Japanese restaurant, which is great, cuz I love Japanese food.  But on the menu they have Lo Mein and Bok Choy.  Both are *Chinese*.  Also on the menu are Gyozas and Mochi, which are Japanese, however the lack of consistency did offend my sense of "all Asian cultures are *not* the same"!!! :)
4	Great inexpensive place to eat! The lo mein is really good with filet mignon. Their spicy teriyaki is awesome as well!
4	Been passing by Volcano Grille a lot these days and the Husband and I finally decided to check them out.  (Didn't hurt that they had a gift certificate on restaurant.com either.)  We definitely were surprised with what we got.First off - Volcano Grill is a fast food Japanese restaurant.  Walking in, there's the counter and register right in front of you.  You put your order in and pay first, then grab your condiments and take a seat.  Our food was brought to us in to go containers despite the fact that we were 'dining in'."The Plate" options include your choice of protein (filet mignon, shrimp, wild alaskan salmon, shredded crab, chicken breast, or vegetarian); choice of white rice, brown rice, fried rice, or lo mein; choice of cucumber salad or ginger dressing salad; and choice of grilled vegetables or 3 chicken gyozas.  Your price is determined by the protein choice.For the two of us, we choice three plate options.* Filet Mignon Plate with Brown Rice, Grilled Vegetables, and Ginger Dressing Salad ($9.85) - The beef was tasty and the grilled veggies mostly consisted of napa cabbage.  * Shrimp Plate with Brown Rice, Gyozas, and Cucumber Salad ($9.85) - Generous with the shrimp and tasty too!  The gyozas were enjoyable as well.  The cucumber salad is a pickled salad.* Wild Alaskan Salmon with Brown Rice, Gyozas, and Cucumber Salad ($9.85) - Although it wasn't bad, the salmon was our least favorite.They did get the orders mixed up a bit (wrong side or wrong salad with our protein choice) but we did get everything we wanted.  (Not a big deal since we were sharing, more of a concern if you're picking up for a bunch of different people.)  Although the price says $9.85, I think he may have rang us up for a higher price.  So double check.I also ordered two regular soft drinks ($1.49) but he rang us up for two large ones ($1.79).  Which wasn't a big deal since we were dining in and they have the cool iced tea machine and soda fountain to help yourself to.  In the condiments section, they have a bunch of different 'special' sauce that you can help yourself to.  Ultimately, you don't need them, but they are nice to have.  (Hot Lava, Yum Yum, Ginger, Teriyaki, Spicy Teriyaki, Hot Magma, Sweet Garlic, Sweet Onion Chili, Japanese Salsa, and Spicy Miso)They pride themselves on a menu that has nothing over ten dollars, which is true.  They also offer a cheaper "The Bowl" option, which comes with white rice and grilled vegetables. Overall, the food was good.  It's more of a lunch option, not some place you'd go out for dinner though.  As long as you know what to expect, you won't be disappointed.  This is far from a teppanyaki experience though! 3.5 stars
4	Just got done eating a Chicken breast plate. Both me and my co worker ordered the same thing.  We were hesitant at first due to the no one eating in the dining room.  We both enjoyed the our plates and surprisingly the chicken wasn't dry.  You really don't need the sauces, but they were all great.  Favorite sauces were the Magma and the Ginger.4 stars due to not having all the sauces
3	I was pretty surprised at how decent this place was! First off I highly recommend you pick up a restaurant.com gift certificate for this place. Well worth the value and you will get to try more items. Volcano Grill is NOT a sitdown-and-get-served restaurant. You step up, place your order and then take a seat. They bring you your containers of food at the table, but they come in to-go bento style packaging. The food is Japanese Grill or Teppanyaki, with out a chef at your table.... The menu is very simple. Pick your meat, pick your rice or noodles, pick your side and pick your salad. They have a buffet bar with a large variety of sauces. My husband and I wanted to try a variety so we went with: 2 fountain beverages $1.69 each (they only have one size now)three of the combo plates with these items in no particular combo  ($9.75 each)-black angus beef -white tiger shrimp -atlantic salmon -lo mein -brown rice -fried rice -steamed vegetables x2 -3 goyzas -cucumber salad -ginger salad x2The shrimp were perfect just as they were cooked, no sauce needed. The beef and salmon were good, and cooked well, but they weren't as good as the shrimp. None of the proteins required any additional sauced, they had good flavor with the seasoning they were prepared with. The lo mein and fried rice were very good, the brown rice was cooked perfectly. The goyzas were yummy when dipped into the Hot Magma sauce! Steamed veggies were just average. Of the salads, our favorite was the cucumber salad. Next time we will order more of that and 86 the ginger salad. The cukes were crisp and had decent flavor.The restaurant.com gift certificate that was $25.00 required us to spend $35.00 and so we only came out of pocket about $12, which is better than if we would have come with no gift certificate AND we got more to try.Overall the food was good. Not amazing, nothing to call home about, but good for a quick lunch or dinner. Volcano Grill will come in handy during lunch time shopping or as a place to pick up dinner on our way home. We will surely return to eat there again.
5	Let's just get something straight, Volcano Grille is getting five stars because of the quality of food for the price and options.  It's basically "fast food" teppenyaki style.  Where else can you go to get teppenyaki and have an entire meal under $10--Volcano Grille?  Everything is cooked to order (approximately a 10 minute cook time), so for all of you looking for lightning fast service, call ahead.  That's right, they do take out too.  EVERYTHING is packaged in to-go bento-style containers.  Now, when are they going to start a delivery service???Location, location.  Luckily, it's close to me.  For you, it's in the southwest @ Warm Springs and Tenaya tucked away in a strip mall.  The Brentwood Cafe is also located in the same mall.Once you get inside, your eyes immediately go to the large teppenyaki grill.  In front of the grill is the island of sauces which include yum yum, ginger, teriyaki, spicy teriyaki, and some other sauces; go ahead help yourself.  In the small dining area they have a self-serve soda fountain with free refills, a few small dining tables, and a bistro style bar table that faces the outside.  Although the decor is meager, there's still a hint of Japaneseness.  But remember, we're not paying for atmosphere, we're paying for convenience, casualness, and deliciousness, PERIOD.The food is fresh, healthy, and cooked to order before your very eyes!  Each plate, comes with a choice of protein, rice/lo mein, salad w/ginger dressing, and choice of dumplings/veggies/mac salad.  They also have a bowl, which is an even cheaper option.  Another big thank you to the two guys who own Volcano Grill; how ingenious to take this style of food and make it affordable, fast, convenient, unconspicuous, while being fresh!  We've only patronized Volcano Grille twice, once for carry out, and the other to dine in but, rest assured we'll be back when we're craving teppenyaki!
5	We've returned for another feeding of teppenyaki.  Still as good as the other times and still, nothing is over $10.  For more details, read my previous review.  Pictures are now posted!!!!
4	Good old Yelp, once again you have lead me to another yummy place....I have been wanting to try this place out but hadn't found the time however, they had a booth at the Pure Aloha festival and when I tried a sample of their fried rice I knew I had to visit this place!!!!We really liked the food here: Chicken Breast plate with fried rice,gyoza & green salad. I love that with the sauce bar you can get several sauces and with each dip it's like you've ordered several chicken dishes. I appreciate that the chicken isn't dry and actual flavored good with garlic so you may not even need the sauces.The fried rice was so yummy!!!!We also got shrimp shumai-Yummmm....The salad and gyoza were good as well....I really liked the magma and spicy teriyaki sauces best.....I would go out of my way to eat here and sadly  it is located in a small strip mall place with no other buisness open in there so I hope this place continues to prosper on it's own!!!!!
3	The portions are very tiny. But the quality is very on par with a lot of restaurants.Kinda pricy though.
5	This place is great. Have eaten from here many times and it keeps me coming back. Its not sit down eats, just walk in, order at counter, choosing a few things to put together and bam you can eat at a table there or take home. Its a nice quick service.As to the food, the Filet Plate is bomb and well worth the $9.95. Its always been cooked to be nice and juicy then with the fact that you get the Gyoza or Vegetable Choice, and choice of Fried Rice or Noodles, you can't go wrong. The Chicken plate is good quality chicken breast too and is at a sweet spot price of $6.95. I usually order a couple plates for my family to split so I have tasted all the offerings many times and everything is always delicious.And if I haven't sold you yet, they have a choice of like 10 different sauces. I've tried most all are good. Those that stick out are the mustard sauce my wife likes. My son loves the yum yum sauce. I like the sweet garlic sauce.All in all good food, well priced, and quick.
4	We discovered this place at the Island Fest at the Silverton a month or two back and absolutely loved the food that they served at the festival.  So, when we discovered that Volcano Grille is close to our house, of course we had to head on over for dinner! The food is super delicious, you can tell that they use quality ingredients.  Best of all, it's fairly inexpensive. You can get a great meal for under $10.Volcano Grille even passed the test of my 4 year old daughter who ate everything I put on her plate!The chef's were very friendly and came out and checked on us from time to time and gave my husband input on which sauce to use with his chicken (he likes extremely hot sauce).We will definitely be back to VG many times! And after writing about it, I'm thinking about heading over there now...
3	As a fast food tepenyaki place with limited menu options, I can apprecaite the simplicity of the menu, which in turn, gets a review that is just as simple as their menu. Shredded Crab Plate - 2 stars. It's a ton of mock crab, but for the price, you can't expect much more. It would have been better served with a side of seaweed and avacado so I could make my own california roll. But honestly, if you are interested in ordering this dish, don't waste your time and move directly over to the filet plate. Filet Plate - 4 stars. Meet was good quality for the price and the sauces let you play with the flavor that suits your taste buds the best.
4	Volcano Grille is tucked away in a little shopping center with a bar. My friend told me that it has been here for two years and I was stunned. How does a business that does not get much traffic stay afloat for so long? The reason, most likely, is that they have solid food. It is better and healthier than fast food. The prices are a little steep for the serving size, but it is a healthy portion. One of their bento boxes is a good amount for an adult, but not as big as other restaurants. Each order starts with a protein of choice. My friend got the the shredded imitation crab meat (6.95) and I got the filet mignon (9.95). Next is the choice of starch. The options being white, brown, fried or chow mein. We both got brown rice and there was no extra charge. +1 for not charging for brown or fried rice. Then comes either veggies or gyoza. We got an order of each. I prefer the veggies. They were steaming hot and retained their crunch without being too hard. All boxes come with a salad as well. While waiting for the order, we looked around the sauce bar. They have such a large selection that it was hard to pick one. Luckily, the bar is open for as many samples as you want. The sweet garlic, spicy teriyaki, and hot magma sauce were probably our favorites. They also have yum yum, hot mustard, sriracha, ponzu, lava, regular teriyaki, and an unlabeled sauce with onion bits in it. It is cool to see an Asian restaurant have a salsa bar style amenity for their guest.We also got an order of shu mai because we had wanted dim sum, but missed our time window. They were not that good. Next time I will pass on those.
4	The personalized service that I've received from the restaurant owners is amazing. I'm so impressed with the amount of care they've displayed for their restaurant and they seem to really care about their customer experience and satisfaction. When I originally reviewed this place, I had given it an honest 3 star. Since then they have pulled the mock crab plate from their menu and it's only appropriate that they receive the 4 stars they deserve. :) Additional appetizers are being added to the menu and I can't wait to go back to see what new options are being offered. I still feel the Filet plat is a solid 4 stars. Consistently great and I'm still thankful that they serve the quality of meat at a great price.
5	This place is phenomenal!! I think im addicted to the filet!!! :)
4	This is my second review but my last one was over a year ago (and I've been back MANY times since then)This place is a hidden gem! You could easily pass it when trying to look for it since it's tucked away in a little shopping center with a mediocre restaurant in the same complex. They cook everything fresh on the grill and it's quick! It's inexpensive and the quality of the food is great! I usually order the same thing every time I go so I recommend the filet mignon with lo mein, and gyoza (aka pot stickers) in a bento box. Can't beat it for $10. The same guys are always there and are super friendly. They often have specials on facebook if you check in so go and 'like' their page!
5	This is one of the greatest restaurants ever! The staff is very respectful and their service is fast and tasty. If your in town you have to go here. Vocano grille has some of the best Japanese food in the city. Our Dojo goes here and we love it! We hang out here and its just simply the best!
4	My husband looooves this place.It's a little out of the way and totally hidden in a corner... but worth finding!The ingredients are fresh and the sauces are yummy.The restaurant itself is literally a hole in the wall... teeeny tiny w/ minimal seating but it always looks clean!We've never eaten inside.. IDK y?  We've always just ordered for pick up and ate at home!Let's get to the food... My husbands usual:  The Filet Mignon: sides fried rice/gyoza/saladThe Filet Mignon is so tender and juicy!  [Obviously i'm prone to just jump on his plate and take what I want!]  If you are a steak lover, this is a good choice.  My order:  Wild Alaskan Salmon:  sides brown rice and grilled veggiesMore health conscious obviously... I love the salmon.  It doesn't taste frozen and it's cooked just right.The sauces!  They offer a bunch of different sauces to dip your meat, chicken, or seafood in.  My favorite is the terriyaki and  sweet garlic.  [Make sure you have a mint or gum on hand]Over all... we frequent this place a lot.  We like it!  It's quick and it's good... PS:  It's closed 1 day... not sure which.. Sunday?
5	One of my favorite places with good prices and an even better taste. It's worth the drive if you're looking for something casual and tasty.
5	Still love Volcano Grille!!!  I'm going through a period of addiction with their food, thank goodness they're close by.  This current addiction is as follows: craving their food everyday and all day for the last 2-3 weeks, dining in the restaurant, ordering take out while dining in the restaurant, knowing they're open Monday-Saturday 11am - 9pm (with last orders at 8:30), and talking to my friends incessantly about their food.  This is not a craving but an addiction!  I almost want to hold a special party there for my friends just so I can show them how great this place is!  Okay, back to the review...They got a new sauce bar!  I think it's easier to use too!  On the downside, prices have increased slightly for all menu items...for example, the filet mignon used to be $9.95 and is now (I think) $10.49'ish, most dishes increased by about .50 cents.  Still insanely cheap for the quality and quantity you are getting!  Now I'm telling my friends, "All of their dishes are under $11.00!!!!"  The slight price increase is probably due to the paragraph below...My husband and I were talking with the owners a few weeks ago about how their business is doing and they mentioned their rent is increasing and there may be a possible relocation.  We immediately asked if it will be nearby, and they responded yes it will be (I forget the exact location they said).  PHEW!  Overall, I still think Volcano Grille is a hidden gem.  Though I'm glad most all of you who have tried it like as much as I do!  Gosh I hate Sundays and holidays :(
4	I have now been here 3 times for lunch.  It is a little out of the way from my office but today I have now affirmed it was worth the trip.  I usually have the Bento Box with Chicken, Fried Rice and Vegetables (it also comes with a little salad).  I wasn't sure how many stars to rate this place as I needed a benchmark.  I tried a more nearby competitor of theirs (Rice Trax) which got good reviews the other day and I can say now that Volcano Grille has them whooped and is at least a "star" better. I also would like to comment on the two guys that are in there each time I go - and that is they are very polite and friendly. As far as the inside goes, it's nice.  I have dined in each time and it's nice and comfy and quiet in there.  The only suggestion I would have is to conceal the storage under their drink machine with a curtain or something.Overall, I have enjoyed the lunches and the atmosphere and it will be a regular place for me at least once a week.
3	Come with the expectation this is not a fine dining or traditional Japanese establishment, it's more a fast food/take out joint.  They have a very limited menu of items.  I tried the filet mignon/garlic noodle/gyoza bento combo and the filet was cooked to a perfect tenderness and flavorful! The gyoza is standard fare...definitely not home made.  The only gripe I had really was with the garlic noodles, they really lacked in any kind of flavor....but perhaps that is why they have the unique sauce bar concept.   They have about 10 dipping sauces available, ranging from spicy teriyaki, teriyaki, fuji yum, hot magma, japanese salsa, ponzu, etc  The sauce that stood out to me was the fuji yum...I felt like dipping all the food in it, including the filet =).  The noodles I ended up pouring spicy teriyaki over it to spice it up a bit. So really i would give this place a 3.5 star rating, perhaps I didn't understand I was to pick my own flavor for the noodles at the sauce bar....but generally I prefer my food pre-flavored rather than having to do it myself.Overall, I would probably go back if I needed to order to go or for a quick lunch.  Food comes out fast, but that may be due to the fact they are not too busy.  There really is no service to rate, since it's a pay up front and grab a seat kind of establishment.
4	my husband and i have been here a few times. the first time it was good, the second time it was amazingly good, and the third time it was bleh at best. im hoping the 3rd time was just a fluke since the other 2 times were good.
4	Pretty awesome place, found it a little over a month ago and been there prob 5 times since.  It's like eating teppanyaki to go. Pretty fast considering I would change a few things but overall very tasty.  Wish they had a surf and turf bento box. (hint, hint) Staff really cool and food seems pretty fresh. Right on Volcano grill.  Sauces need a little help I will say. Like which one is which and how long has it been sitting there almost empty. And some I think are mayo based and little to no ice keeping them cold. Kinda scary but F it, way better then panda or some other BS.
4	Delicious. I have been twice. Both times the service and the food were great. The meat is perfectly cooked and tender. The fried rice is one of the best I have ever had. Love the steamed vegetables. I love the yum yum sauce!
5	Came here on a whim because of Yelp! Glad I did, awesome service, and food - that is a double whammy! Finding this was place easy, but if you're just driving around kind of hard to spot out, if that makes sense. It's tucked in the middle of empty shopping center.  The ambience is a small, and a chill vibe. There's not really a lot of seating, and it does get busy - but for me it's first come, first serve. Me and the hubby decided to go with the bento boxes the first time, you had a choice of protein, rice ( they have brown! for the health conscious nuts ), salad with the infamous ginger dressing, and grilled veggies. For protein he chose filet mignon cut steak, and I chose the grilled shrimp.  Tasty, simple, and easy - and they even had a sauce bar (cute touch). We were so happy with our meals we came back for dinner. Something tells me we will back again on our days off ;)
1	I was really looking forward to trying this place, and I was really hungry. :( Unfortunately, this place made my bf and myself very sick. Almost immediately after we ate the chicken bento box, we both knew we made a mistake.  I'm not quite sure why our bodies reacted that way, but it's always good to let people know. Ambiance, and location great though!
5	abolutely love this place. the owners are the guys serving you so you know your going to get something great. only complaint is the shumai isnt really traditional, more of a frozen out of the box type. either way highly reputable. small place in the mddle of nowhere and kinda easy to miss if you dony know where to look. some outdoor seating should be added possibly, but other than that very nice place and food is fantastic
5	If you're looking for a meal other than the usual burgers, pizza and self proclaimed "gourmet chinese" restaurants that are plastered throughout the valley this is the place to eat.They use only the best cuts of meat and seafood available. The accompanying sauces are made in house and pair perfectly with whatever you choose on the menu.The staff is very personable, friendly and will remember you the next time you come in to eat... My family feels like it's a place we have known forever...
4	A decent place.  The food is good, however I recommend you just order the chicken.  Though they have shrimp, steak, and fish (I think), they season everything the same and it all ends up tasting like chicken.  That's not a bad thing however as their chicken is pretty good.  I usually visit here once every other week for lunch.
5	This place reminds me of a place I have eaten on the east coast. If you like hibachi style food and fast this is the place to go. Prices are fair and food is good.
4	Bento box, bento box, bento box!  This place makes me happy with its tasty food, its quick service, it's pleasant customer service, and most of all its proximity to my house.  My favorite dish here is the garlic noodles with gyoza, the filet, and the greens salad with ginger dressing - nom nom nom. Only downside is that it's closed on Sundays.
5	Excellent experience!  I enjoyed visiting this place recently and I was surprised at how well these guys do quick and delicious Japanese cuisine.  I ordered the bento box with the filet mignon, fried rice and veggies.  The price was great for the quality of dish they served me!  I love the sauce bar, especially the Japanese salsa.Overall service was attentive and personal.  I WILL visit this place again and that says a lot since I live across town.
5	Thought I already reviewed this place, but turns out I just left a tip. I love.love.love this place. Food is reasonably priced and realtively healthy if you opt for the brown rice. Steak is soooo tender and tasty! Hoping more people figure out about them, they're in a 95% empty strip mall and it's always pretty empty when I stop by for dinner and I'm so afraid they'll go out of business. Have eaten here regularly since discovering it (like once a week) and have never had a bad meal.
3	Ordered the Filet Mignon and Chicken Bento.  Chicken was over cooked and dry.  Filet Mignon was ok.  The garlic noodles were a bit over saturated.  I did like their little "Japanese dipping sauce bar".  The spicy Teri sauce was good.  Over all the food was mediocre at best.   For $20, i'd expect a little bit more.  Might return in a pinch, since they are close to my work, but would not make a special trip to eat here.
4	I was a little concerned when I first arrived because the mini mall has no other businesses in the complex. However when I got inside it was nicely decorated and clean, which is a huge thing in my mind.  I got the bento box and added chicken and teri sauce it was divine! The little pot stickers were outstanding I can't wait to share this place with my friends.
2	Wow.  Bad.As soon as I walked in all I smelled was turpentine, or something that smelled just like it.  Ten minutes in I was lightheaded.  Actually, I'm back at the office and I'm still lightheaded.  Not cool.  Construction guys were working a few doors down but I don't see how that could have been the source of it.There is no menu board posted anywhere - when you walk in, you look around confused, and someone finally says "Oh, here's the menu" and points to a stack of cards on the counter.  I don't know why, but no menu board is a pet peeve of mine - I feel like it starts us off on the wrong foot.The place is very dark - lots of browns and dark reds which don't seem approriate for this type of place.  I guess I just wasn't feeling it.  I ordered a grilled chicken bowl but wasn't impressed at all.  The seasoning was good but the quality of the chicken was subpar.  If chicken squeaks when I chew it I will not return to your establishment.  It reminds me a lot of Teriyaki Madness (which I don't much care for either).  All that said, the staff was very nice.  They seem like nice people.
3	Well, let me start with saying this place DOES provide pretty healthy and delicious food. I come here at least 3-4 times a week. I strictly care about how I eat because like any other people, I do like to maintain a healthy life style. When I come here, I usually get chicken breast bowls and fillet mignon bentos. This place's quality of food is very consistent and I really like that. Also I like the fact that this place has a lot of options for different sauces you can choose. Furthermore, everything is very affordable and that is where the compliments end.Here are some very noticeable problems that I recognize over 10 months of coming here as a somewhat loyal customer. 1. I believe these two guys are co-owners of this restaurant. They actually differentiate and discrimminate against some customers including myself. Here is an example. This one time I was picking up my food and recognized another frequent customer (asian guy; I have seen him a lot when I went to this place so I know he is a frequent customer for sure) paying for his food. Then i heard about the fact that these two owners are giving out some sort of discount even when the customer did not even ask for it. As far as I remember, It was not much but from the perspective of another frequent and loyal customer to this place, I entirely lost my respect for these guys and this place. At that point, it was not about the money, it was about the trust. His hard earned money is worth more than my hard earned money? that is the only thing I could think about. 2. Here is the second problem, as I start to come here more and more, I realized that these two owners actually do not care about earning my business. I know the main purpose of every business is to make money but I believe customer service is very important regardless of what type of business you are in. I work for one of the most famous hospitality lodging properties but I would like to rate these guys' abilities to maintain good relationships with customers 2 out of 10. Sometimes one of the owners does not even care when I come in to pick up my food. As a customer who comes here 3-4 times a week, I would like to be greeted and welcomed with smiles and some sort of converstaion besides " ready, your total is $5.93 (price of chicken bowl) and etc.3. Last, these two guys disapointed me very very much recently. I usually order via telephone and sometimes I forget to request for special orders. When I say special orders, it is not very hard to accomodate. For example, sometimes I would like to substitute rice for noodles, salad for rice, noodle for gyoza and etc. So this one time I forgot to tell these guys what I wanted and I asked if I can get what I needed. Guess what? One of the owners with long hair said " Oh... I don't kow. You need to ask the other guy". Is that a joke? I did not ask for extra chicken, beef, fish or whatever. It was a simple matter of substitution and one of them was hesitated to give me the answer right away. I was more than disappointed and truly recognized that these guys are careless. All they want is money money money.Now, those three are the rants I had for this place. Don't get me wrong again! this place makes great food. Also these guys might seem very friendly and nice but the more you get to know, they will disappoint you in some ways. I can almost gurantee that. Even though I am disapoointed, I will comtinue to come to this place only because I don't want to eat fast food. If a similar place opens with better service, this place is an immediate goodbye. I hope YELP does not delete this. I wrote this review based on being a 10 month frequent customer since December. Also this is my first review on here because I just simply do not have complaints about food or service (maybe I am too optimistic).Thanks,
3	Went here today because i was yelping sushi. I don't know why this restaurant came up but decided to go try it because it was literally 4 mins away from my house. As i arrived to the restaurant i thought it was closed...there were only 2 cars out front and the open sign wasn't even on. The entire business complex is completely empty.After looking through the window and realizing it was still open i went inside. The inside is actually pretty nice kind of looks like a panda express. The menu is pretty basic. Either order Bento Box or Bowls. You basically get to pick a 2-3 proteins and 2 sides. I picked steak and chick for my protein and fried rice and gyoza as my sides.The steak and chicken were very good, tender meat both cooked in a garlic seasoning. Definitely my favorite. The fried rice was cooked with onions, scallions and some carrots. it was ok. The rice was little too soft for me, kind of mushy. The gyoza tasted like the frozen ones you get at store and thaw and fry, It wasn't bad but wasn't amazing. I would like to come back here but i find the price the biggest negative. For all the food i ordered and 1 drink it ended up being $13. And it wasn't like you got a lot of steak and chicken either... Teriyaki House on rainbow you get so much food for only $7. Maybe on days where i am really lazy i would go back.
5	Some of the best food I've ever eaten. The staff is very friendly and the entire place gives off a good vibe. Wide selection of delicious sauces to put on your food. And speaking of the food, the meat is tender and cooked with a fantastic garlic seasoning. Everything is reasonably priced for how amazing it is. Just writing this review my mouth is watering. I have the cravings for it!! Super addicting!
5	My good friend Janice told me about this gem! The food here is out of this WORLD. The staff are amazingly polite.  Big plus in my book!  This is not a Franchise so you won't find this place anywhere else. They have us as loyal costumers for a reason.  The Owner's genuinely care about their business and some of these reviews are wrong. It's not pricey!  It's reasonable for the fresh ingredients they serve, and the portion. I end up leaving full and bringing home the rest of my food.I've had the fried rice, steak & shrimp. Their food has amazing flavor, my taste buds were craving their food today.
2	It used to be a very affordable and delicious place to eat because they used to offer chicken bowls for $5.94 and generous portion. But now since the price for every item on menu drastically went up and significantly reduced the portion size ($1.50 may not sound a lot but it is when you get only a few pieces of steak and chicken for $13), I would everyone to get a chicken bowl (it is $7.02 now with tax included). It is the most bang for buck because you get less than 10 pieces of steak when you order steak bento for $13.00. Simply over priced. Also they don't use fillet mignon anymore. Its just a chewy meat(mystery meat). I've been coming here for more than 2 years. Take my words.
5	Healthy fast and a ton of sauces!!!!!   Its hidden in the corner in vacant shopping  center with no Signs... I asked why and they said we are buzy enough as is! GOLDEN GEM.  A Must try and you will become a repeat offender!
4	finally tried this after living in this areas for over a year. ordered to go... as I walked in the staff was sitting at the front casually hanging out but the cashier jumped right up and got me food that was ready for me. the place itself is very very small. much smaller then I thought. they don't seem to busy at all for 5pm dinner rush.when I got home, I tried the food which I have to say was amazing!  I had a bento box with filet mignon, shrimp, salad, and rice. the filet and shrimp were amazing. the meat was so tender and cooked to perfection. the fried rice and salad wereaverage. the food all together was hot so it was obviously just made. everything tasted fresh. can't wait to have this again!
5	My boyfriend and I came here only because a friend of ours has been coming here and always mentions it. We looked this place up on Yelp and looked at all the reviews and it all says it's so good. Finding the place isn't too bad. Gotta have an eye out only because the place is small and it's kind of hidden. Volcano Grille is a kind of like a hole in the wall. Or how they say the smaller hidden places are the best. The atmosphere is chill and the place is kinda spacious. Right when you walk into the place it's the kitchen. You can see them cooking your food. There's also tables right by the separator of the kitchen and the sitting area. Once you walk in you'll hear the good songs they play. Sometimes you might even hear the chefs singing as they're cooking. The boyfriend and I decided to get the bento box. Which was a good idea. You get a choice of 2 or 3 proteins and 2 choices of a side like rice, veggies, and or pot stickers. The other time we went there I got a bowl and it was good. Good portion for everything. Even the bento boxes good portion for all the sides and proteins. If you're wanting to check this place out then come here expecting to have a healthier look on the food and come here hungry for some good mood type of music.
5	Never a bad meal yet....
5	This place is amazing. The chicken is the best I have ever tasted!!! The steak melts in your mouth its so tender and flavorful. The portions used to be smaller but I think they are giving you more meat now. Well worth the 6$ for the bowls. Staff is great. I have eaten there several times and have never been let down. A dining experience you have to try!!!
2	Tried this a second time yesterday because I was carless and its walking distance to my office.  It was better than the first time but still kind of disappointing.  I hate to say that because the guys that work there are all really nice and I'd like to see them do well.  I ordered a chicken bowl and the quality of the chicken definately seems better but its still not great.  There were a few pieces I wouldn't eat and the ones I did upset my stomach.  And as others have mentioned the bowl alone was over $7.I would rather go to Panda for the same amount of food, with a better quality, and a cheaper price.
5	I love this place and must say I am a Volcano Grille addict. Everything is good and love the sauces!
2	I went in on my lunch break one day to try out their bento boxes.  I ordered brown rice, garlic noodles, diced salmon, and diced filet mignon.  As you can tell with the pictures posted on here, Volcano Grille tries to bring a menu filled with healthful options (salad, choice of carbs, and protein). While this may be the case, flavor should not be compromised. I was actually a bit disappointed because their food was not packed with flavor.  I understand that they have a bunch of different sauces to pick from and take to go, but at least make the flavors of the actual food stand for themselves.  And no, the seasoning of the garlic on the noodles, and the rub on the fish did not really help.  Besides their food being a level or two above the borderline of bland, staff was really helpful.  The noise level is a bit average here, not loud at all.  The dining area was very clean, so I appreciate that.  I would say that if you do not really want to be impressed and are looking for just "ok" food that you can just smother a bunch of sauces and sriracha on, consider going here.
5	Mmmm... First time here. Foods amazing!!! cant wait to go back!!
4	Great for lunch or a quick dinner - it's a great "different" food joint in an area filled with fast food options. It's my favorite lunch spot to go to when I'm tired of the usual lunchtime food.Located in what is currently a barren strip mall tucked behind Brentwood Tavern - Volcano Grill is literally - in the middle of nowhere!What I really like about Volcano Grille is you can get a hearty meal that's fresh and healthy for a pretty decent price. All food is cooked to order. The bento box with 2 proteins is the way I went the last time. Steak and shrimp were my choices and next time I am just going to ask for double steak.... The shrimp wasn't so bad, it was just that the steak was THAT good! I think it was the marinade and sauce that were just perfect. Mix it in with your rice and savor every drop!!While dining in can feel a little awkward (I prefer to takeout) - there are still places to sit and eat. Although when we went in April and ate there - the air conditioner wasn't working very well so it got pretty hot very fast.They've changed their menu a couple of times over the past few years but the food is still the same great stuff.It is definitely worth looking for and trying!
4	first time in this place today. I thought it's a little bit pricey but the food is really good and tasty. I will come here again to try their other entree.
5	Love this place! Perfect food everytime with great service, great flavor and really healthy food. Just wish they would address me master or great king or sifu
5	Love it! Delicious, healthy, and reasonably priced. They have a nice selection of tasty sauces.... although this isn't the kind of food that needs sauce to make it tasty... it stands on it's own.I came here with my Grandmother who does not like hot spices and she enjoyed her shrimp and salmon. I had the steak and noodles. The seasoning was fantastic on the steak and the sauces complimented it nicely and heated it up for me. (I can't remember what kind....creamy version of sushi sauce???) Noodles were great all on their own!I'll definitely be back when I'm in town!
5	For the amount of food you get for $10 is AWESOME! The filet Mignon, tiger shrimp, and grilled chicken was on point! I'm coming back!
5	For first visit I'd give it a five. Too much? Nah..I didn't have my hopes up before I marched through those doors but damn! For a small place tucked in the middle of god knows where, this is heaven indeed. I had the filet minion bento box, son had grilled chicken bento box and my little daughter had the shrimp bowl. And all 3 were good. Now my son is the worst food critic (@ 5yrs old), yes, at 5. Believe it or not. So when he says the food is good, he means it. Will be coming back!! Amazing place!!
5	This place is amazing their steaks are juicy and the service is great and the cooks are always nice to me that's why my students and I love coming back! If your going to go to a restaurant go to this one! Ken and Fitz (Owners) really know their stuff when it comes to Japanese food. The place is always clean and neat, its well designed and the food is even BETTER! You be stupid not to ever try this place! Go now and try it for yourself!!
1	This just on service.  I arrive at.  This location at 8:20pm.  As the two male employees watched as I got my baby out the car they begun to pull tables in as fast as the could. I thought nothing of it since they close a 9.  When I walked to the door they pushed tables in front of the door.  I walked back to my care and before I could get my baby back settled in the car both employees were driving off in their cars at 8 25. Last call was suppose to be 8 30. The was. Two more customers who entered the parking lot and walked to the door to find they were closed b4 last call.
4	My first time here a few days ago, and I got the bento. You can choose from a variety of proteins including steak, chicken, salmon, shrimp, and I think tofu? I got the steak and chicken, both seasoned well but the steak knocked it out of the park for me - I could eat a whole bento of it!The next choices were brown rice, white rice, noodles or garlic rice. I got the plain white rice. The other choice was a small salad, gyoza, and a couple more I can't remember but I got the gyoza and they were good. Portion was huge, I could have easily shared one bento with another person. They have a sauce bar ranging from teriyaki, ginger, gyoza dipping sauce, yum yum sauce (spicy) and more. Great station to spice up your meal to your tasting!I live pretty far from here, but will definitely be back when I'm in the area next. Prices are about $8-11 for a typical bowl/bento - affordable and a lot of food for the price. Yummy!
5	Wow! I'm going to admit that I walked in here one night (a few weeks ago) and quickly left without ordering because I had my doubts. The place seems to always be empty, the staff is bored and usually that means the food is not great. I WAS SO WRONG! I came in tonight with my daughter (8) who is a very picky eater. I knew they had steak and rice and she loves steak, so that's what we ordered for her. I got a bento box, yakisoba noodles, brown rice, chicken, veggies. The food came out quick, the steak looked so juicy I had to try one off of my daughters plate.  WOW!  I'll admit, I was jealous of her. Considered asking her to trade, but my food was waiting for critique...I dove into my bento box...amazing. I am so mad at myself for judging this place as a fail before tasting it.  It reminds me a lot of a teppanyaki place without having to wait for 8 other strangers to sit at the grill with you to begin ordering.  I am thoroughly impressed. I am confused why this place isn't busy. It's 7:15pm on a Tuesday night and there are a ton of residential developments around. Poor marketing?  Too many food option in the area? Hmmmmmm...
3	It was good and affordable.  The customer service was great!  The tables by the kitchen are kind of sticky from the grease & the menu is a little confusing, but the guys are happy to explain it to you.
5	Absolutely love this place! Great atmosphere, nice people and don't forget the Yum Yum sauce.
5	Omg ! the best fast food in Vegas  amazingly good cant get enough I highly recommend this place !!!!!
4	Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for helping me find this place. Wherever my job takes me, when lunch time comes around, I do a search of my bookmarks and Volcano Grille is what came up so off I went!This place is kind of hidden in a small plaza on the corner of Warm Springs Rd and Tenaya. If you are not paying attention, you can easily drive right by it. I guess the plaza they are in is still pretty new because some of the suites are still unoccupied. So I go with the Bento Box. For 3.99 you choose 2 sides from Yakisoba, Fried Rice, White Rice, Brown Rice, Veggies, Gyoza, or Salad. Then you can pick 2 to 3 meat choices each for a charge. Steak is 3.49, Salmon is 3.49, Veggies are 2.49, Chicken is 1.99, and Shrimp is 3.59. I chose double Chicken, Brown Rice, and Salad.Everything I had on my plate was good and you can tell that it just came off the grill. If you want to, there is a Sauce Bar where they have different sauces you can put on or dip your meat in. I recommend that you get a small serving of each in the plastic cups they provide so you can taste each one. That way you can discover what sauces you favor the most and just get more of that. Also, don't be shy to mix any of the sauces. So far my favorite sauces are the sweet garlic and the spicy teriyaki. I mixed those two together and man, I got the best of both worlds in one cup. Service is decent. I was greeted accordingly and was explained the process once I told them I was a first timer. Had to wait for my food a bit but I understand it takes a bit of time to cook it. Of course, if you have lots of people here, it will take a lot longer for your food to get to you.The ambience of the place has a laid back relax and take your time eating kind of feel to it. They have a decent amount of tables and chairs not to mention more outside.Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. The only thing that I think could improve would be the meat portions. I doubled my chicken but when I got done, it seemed like I could have eaten more. Other than that, it's a solid 4 stars and woudnt mind eating here whenever im in the area.
4	Volcano grille has been my new favorite to frequent. The staff is super friendly and helpful, the place is always clean and nicely decorated and the food it's amazing! I usually get the bento box with steak, shrimp, white rice, gyoza and the cucumber salad that comes with it. Good amount of food for the money everything is seasoned to perfection, the sauce bar is awesome! The only off side is its location it's unfortunate it's hidden. I highly recommend going there though you'll fall in love.
4	love their bento box, they always cook fresh and fast. the fried rice and noodle is amazing. but the price is little bit high. I always order salmon and shrimp and always good. it's perfect  place for lunch and we can put the order by the phone,
4	I've come here maybe 3-4 times now. I really like the service here, from the first time that I came to anytime after the guys here have always been so friendly and helpful. The first time I got the bento box with shrimp and steak as my protein with fried rice and gyoza and a side salad. I was VERY happy with the steak omg just thinking about it now has my mouth watering it was SUPER tender, flavorful, and scrumptious. The flavor was on point too...LOADED with garlic, which I loved, so if you aren't a fan you might want to stick to something else. The gyoza wasn't memorable, I know it wasn't bad but that is about all I remember. The shrimp I was not a fan of, it was small and under cooked, I haven't gotten it since. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the salad at rice trax's so I was really hoping that it was similar....it wasn't, it was watered down and lacked flavor. Also, I have tried the chicken and the noodles. Chicken was great and there was something about the texture of the noodles that threw me off, however, my husband does love the noodles. They have a great selection of sauces my favorite are the spicy teriyaki and the ginger sauce AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH the ginger sauce I wish they would bottle it's so AMAZING!!!!!!!The prices are reasonable, it is always clean, there's never really a wait, service is on point, and the boxes they put the food in is cool they have the coolest lid that makes it so convenient when taking left overs to work the next day. I knocked off a star because of consistency, last time I was there the steak didn't taste like it usually does. It was weird I tried my husbands and his was like normal but for whatever reason mine was not.
4	Yummers!!  I ate the cod and grilled veggies and salad.  All very flavorable.  I will be going there again!
5	I was personally invited to try out Volcano Grille by the owners (who happened to be viewers/subscribers of my YouTube Channel), while visiting Las Vegas for the 2013 Mr. Olympia Expo, the weekend of September 27, 2013. I liked it so much the first time, that I came back a second time just a couple days later. In my opinion, Volcano Grille has some of the BEST tasting meats that I've had in comparison to similar menu restaurants. I ordered the bento box with shrimp and steak, noodles, gyozo, and side salad. The food was cooked completely fresh. The chopped up steak tasted better than most steaks I've had in fine restaurants. That definitely says something as I'm a steak kind of guy. It was tender. It was juicy. The chunks were nice and thick. The FLAVOR was perfect. The shrimp was juicy and just right. The noodles were a perfect balance between quality ingredients and oil, just enough of each, whereas many Chinese restaurants have very tasteless but oily noodles. The potstickers (gyozo) were yummy, they reminded me of the potstickers at P.F. Changs. Definitely worth it. The second time we went there, ordered the same thing but with chicken as an addition. The chicken, was masterfully cooked. Plump, cooked but not overdone, and flavored just right. They have your regular array of soft drinks as well as a side-bar of different sauces to try your food with. Teriyaki, spicy teriyaki, garlic sauce, soy sauce, sriracha, and several others. The owner and employees were very friendly, patient, and respectful to me and my group of friends on both occasions.If you find yourself in Las Vegas on the strip, take a short drive over to Volcano Grille. The food is great, the staff is friendly, and the prices are much more affordable than on the strip.
5	I've never written a review before. This place was so good it forced me to.Meat is fresh & cooked to perfection. Rice.. Noodles.. Veggies.. Salad.... SAUCE BAR.... ALL ON POINT. Price... well.. if I made food this good with portions this generous I'd be charging MORE that's for damn sure! =DStaff is ridiculously friendly & welcoming.Truly a hidden treasure. If you're in Vegas.. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR. Some of the most underrated food out there.- C
3	I have been to Volcano Grill twice now. I would give it a 3.5 stars. The first time I came here was with my husband on our lunch outing around 2:30 no one was around except for the window cleaners. It's always nice to have a quiet lunch. I already looked over their menu so I knew what I wanted to get. I went with the Bento Box, my two proteins were steak and shrimp and sides with rice and garlic noodles. Salad with ginger dressing .79 extra. My husband had the Bento Box also he got the chicken and steak with fried rice and grilled vegetables. We ordered two waters they gave us a little baby cups. So if you want bottled water ask for it.  We saw the sauce bar and started loading up on all the flavors from ginger, teriyaki, spicy teriyaki, yum yum, spicy yum yum, sweet garlic, hot mama, and japanese salsa. My salad came out first with a ginger dressing which  was very fresh. We waited about ten  minutes for our food to come out. It was hot off the grill and smells so good and taste just as good. It's trial and error when it comes to the sauces, but so much fun to try the different flavors with each meat and vegetable. The garlic noodles are awesome!! The meats were cooked perfectly. I think the steak was the best!! Everything the first time was a little bit greasy. The second time I came with my sister in law it wasn't as greasy. Tried my sister in laws gyoza didn't care for it to much.  The atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable. Didn't notice the music the first time but the second time they were jamming to rap music from the 80's fun times.
4	Went here last night with a friend.  Steak and chicken were succulent and flavorful.  They had a bevy of sauces to choose from. The price point was extremely low and the food was tasty.  I will be going back here on a regular basis
5	Awesome food! I recommend the steak and gyoza. Best sauce is the white yogurt type sauce (forgot the name), great for dipping your gyoza.
4	Great bent box style. The filet mignon is my favorite, tender, juicy,and flavorful. I also like including shrimp on mine with fried rice and gyoza. Good option for a real meal fast that is not fast food. I just want more rice..lol
5	Garlic noodles Fried riceDelicious juicy slices of steakSavory pieces of chickenDipping saucesMore more more dipping sauces, the white one and oh man that spicy red oneThis place is amazing!!!!! Oh and the little cucumber salad Comes with the bento box
5	Been coming to Volcano Grille for years now. Their location is in the corner of a seemingly abandoned row of businesses but anyone who doesn't take the time to come in is missing out! I love their build your own bento box, you can add what you need depending on how hungry you are. The steak and chicken are amazing and I love that they offer brown rice. They make everything right in front of you when you order on the flat top grill, so it's as fresh as you can get. They have a sauce station that you can help yourself to. The spicy mustard, ginger, and garlic sauces are my favorite. The owners are always there cooking up deliciousness and I love to see the dedication that they put into their business. Volcano Grille is a must try....well done guys!
5	Got the bento box with the steak and salmon! Pretty good especially if you put the yum yum sauce. There fried rice is pretty good as well. A lot of food and will definitely fill you up!
5	Everytime I come the food is fresh and the sauces are amazing. The staff is friendly and also get 2 thumbs up of catering to my vegan needs. I get the bento box with grilled veggies, brown rice, garlic noodles, and the salad with ginger dressing and it's really satisfying.
5	This place is simple amazing! Been here now about 4 or 5 times and every time I've been here the food has been on point! It's almost becoming a ritual coming here, being that I work with Light Group, ever Tuesday I have a meeting and before or after ever meeting I come here. I usually order the bento box with grilled chicken breast and filet steak, brown rice, garlic noodles and a side salad. The side salad ginger dressing is amazing and so are all the little extra sauces they have. My favorite one is the creamy white one, not sure what it's made up from but it taste great with the filet. Also today I tried a different protein and tried the wild caught salmon which to no surprise was great as well. Definitely hope these guys can open another location soon, maybe my side of town of Summerlin for this place is a busies location will take off and do really great.
4	Very good stir fry food. Steak and chicken is cooked very good , great value. Shared a box , vas very satisfied . I will return
5	This place is extraordinary! Food is scrumptiously delicious! Staff are all very cool! Must try all dishes! @LasVegas_Places
5	Obsessed with this place for the past 6 months. I have never, ever had a bad experience here whether dining in or taking out. Healthy bento boxes and bowls, and in house made sauces. They recognize me whenever I come in (probably because it is 3 or 4 times a week sometimes). This is a hidden gem and I'm almost scared to tell people about it. Absolutely worth a trip here, and if you don't like it, you're probably crazy.
5	Great spot. Great price. Delicious food- on no carb diet and ordered the perfect entree: chicken, shrimp, veggies and salad. Delicious homemade sauces.
4	Good food and great price. Reminds me of the Musashi or Benihana taste without the obnoxious, over the top "show". This is perfect for me. I will routinely return. The steak and chicken were delicious. I had the yakisoba noodles, which were also good. A nice change from the typical teriyaki spots.
5	You MUST check this place out!  Get a Bento Box with steak, chicken and fried rice and prepare to have your mind blown!Best Fried rice I've ever ingested.Hibachi style food.They also have a dipping sauce bar! Try them ALL!It's a "cozy" venue.
4	Food was really good, especially the fried rice.  The salmon had great seasoning although it was overcooked and dry. I would definitely eat here again.
3	Thanks to all fellow yelpers for the great reviews.I was in the area and craving rice. Been sick all week and looking for comfort food.Went in with an open mind.I ordered the steak and shrimp with brown rice and veggies with a side salad. I pretty much ate everything but walked about disappointed and still hungry. This location is really random and hidden... no one was dining in and the employees looked bored.For the price point, friendly customer service and menu options... it was okay. If you live or work in the area this is a decent lunch spot.Would I go back? Probably not.Not to keen on the serve yourself sauce bar... where everyone touches the sauces.Lunch for 2 with set you back around $20.
5	I could eat here every day! Love that they make everything fresh to order. Customizable sauces, proteins and veggies! Sides are bomb.com. True neighborhood gem.
5	Finally hit this place up a couple months ago and can't stop going. Delicious!! Steak is tender, noodles and fried rice are BOMB!! And I especially like that they have a sauce bar. Try the hot mama, if you like a little kick in heat.
4	The place is a little difficult to find but well worth it if you are looking for great Japanese fast food on the southwest side of town. The place itself is not that big inside, but it doesn't need to be as it seems no one knows about it yet. The guys behind the counter are pretty helpful if it's your first time there. You have the choice of picking your items for your entree and get the option of brown or white rice as well. They also have a big variety of different sauces you can choose from at their complimentary sauce bar. If you go between 2pm-5pm, you get 25% off your total bill. I recommend their sweetened green iced tea! Definately a great spot to grab a quick lunch and somewhat healthy.
4	I was referred to Volcano Bowl by a buddy of mine.  Its conveniently located close to the office so we pop'd by after work.  Amazing Selection! pretty much a classy panda express! really good grilled chicken and brown rice.  I couldn't believe how juicy and tender the steak tasted!  For me I'm a sauce guy! They have a wide variety of sauces to choose from, each with it's own unique flavor profile that really spices up the entrees! Definite try, and repeat restaurant!
5	Incredible food and service. This is great for a night out or a quick bite between appointments. You are guaranteed to be greeted with a smile and served quality food every time.
2	This place is okay for being a close local restaurant. My issue is that it seems to be run by high school kids always on their phone and talking about what they are doing after work or inappropriate conversations for customers to be hearing. We came here and my husband loved it. Their sauces are pretty good and you have to try all of them. But the 5th time we went we got good poisoning. So we will never be going back, unless I want to throw up out of my ass again. Which doesn't sound tempting.
5	Wonderful hidden little gem! This place is fantastic and reasonably priced! A must go!
4	Tucked in somewhere on Warm Springs Rd between Buffalo & Rainbow, next to unoccupied offices.. lies Volcano Grille. Not a huge fan of the super random location or the dark interior of the restaurant really BUT the food speaks for itself! Bento or Bowl, it's your choice. We were staaaahrving so we opted for the bento. Pretty self-explanatory, pick your protein(s) & sides. I ordered the Ginger Salad, Steak, Salmon, Gyoza & Fried Rice Combo while the mister ordered Chicken, Shrimp, Yakisoba, Fried Rice Combo. For approximately $9-11, you get so much food! Steak bites were tender, juicy goodness, salmon was seasoned & cooked well, fried rice was delicious & that ginger dressing on my salad.. MMMMM! There's also a sauce bar & my favorite of course, would have to be the Sweet Teriyaki. I paired it with everything I ate & it made everything even better.This is by no means a typical Hibachi/Teppanyaki spot so don't expect a grill on your table or anything. But it is cook-to-order quality food. I'll definitely be back especially since I work around the area Found another lunch spot & I'm definitely a happy camper! :)
5	This place is the best.  I love the people who work there and the foodYou can order your steak, shrimp, or chicken any way you want.They make fresh sauces to dip your food in. I eat here at least once a week.
4	First time on this location. Very good food and selection for the price. My only comment is it would be nice to get more of the cucumber salad. Chicken and angus beef is definitely moist and well seasoned. I would definitely be coming back.
5	Love coming here food is always good no complaints here at all...And so awesome that all this worth the drive  thank you guys..
4	This restaurant is very consistent with their food. In my experience, the food has always been more than fair portion-wise, and always made fresh. I usually order either their steak, or shrimp.  Their steak is so juicy! Just typing about it makes me want to drop by the store, lol. I've had the salmon, it's alright, but better with sauce from their sauce bar (pretty unique).Hm, atmosphere always feels like it's lacking something? The employees are always friendly, but the restaurant just feels sort of empty. But it's alright, I just come here for a quick bite.This location is so random and hidden, but if you're looking for a well rounded, fair-priced meal, this is where you wanna be. For example, for ~$9.25, you can order a bowl of yakisoba (or your choice of a side*),  topped with steak (or your choice of protein*), and grilled veggies.
5	I love this place! You can get two plates full of food for the price of one hibachi plate at Ojhah. The combination plate I typically get is the steak, shrimp with half noodles and fried rice. I also appreciate that fact they have a bar full of sauces. I like my dipping sauces so I get a variety.  The sweet garlic, Siracha, and Yum Yum sauce are my favorite.  I put Siracha on the rice and noodles.  I dip the shrimp in the Yum Yum sauce and the steak in the sweet garlic. Volcano Grille definitely has replaced my craving for pricey hibachi places. Don't let the practically empty parking lot scare you into not going.  This place is a gem!
5	We picked this place as a pit stop before the airport. We needed something that would be quick, filling and in the southwest area. We made a great choice! My husband and I both ordered a bento box, mine with shrimp and tofu, his with steak and salmon. We were not disappointed. The food is cooked "hibachi" style and served in a bento box. They also have a small selection of dips to compliment your protein choices. The service was fast and friendly. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in the area!
5	I told my friend that I was going to regret writing a review for this place because you always want to keep your little hidden gem a secret as long as possible.  But I gotta give credit where credit is due and support good food when I find it!Extremely healthy and top-notch fresh ingredients.  It's pretty obvious to me when a place uses fresh ingredients to make its food.  The steak and salmon I had were as good as it gets. Plus, the sauces make everything THAT much better.And had I not been completely dead starving when I came here, there was no way that I would be able to truck over double steak AND double salmon at the same time along with fried rice and yakisoba.  That right there is almost $20, but easily enough for two meals on a normal day.  Not to mention that $20 for all that food is almost highway robbery.The location is...um, questionable I would say?  It's literally tucked in the back corner of a fairly deserted strip mall, which is also surrounded by pretty much nothing.  Needless to say, you're not finding this place unless you're looking for it.  Which obviously suits me as long as it holds out like this!Service is pretty fast too.  Just put your order and within 10 minutes you got food.  Easy as it gets.It's rare that I give a five star review like this nowadays, but I call it like I see it.  This place deserves one.  Since my friend is in the area, will definitely be coming back.
5	Volcano Grille is one of my favorite spots to eat! Their food is high quality, fresh, and simply delicious. Both chefs are amazing at what they do and we ALWAYS enjoy what we get!! From the steak to the chicken to the shrimp, anything you order always ends up being so yummy! They have an excellent array of sauces for dipping and a wide variety of sides. It is an easy location to find and get to and it's definitely affordable!! Volcano Grille is absolutely amazing and I recommend it to anyone and everyone!!! Excellent customer service, excellent food, and an excellent environment.
5	This place has a very good vibe feeling w/ awesome food and employees! I'm so very happy that I was introduced by my two fabulous BFF's Sufa & Jay! Thank you for always treating me as a vip upon every visit to your restaurant! The music you play rocks! Keep up the awesome work! -Larry G.-
