5	Popped in morning after grand opening in hopes of avoiding the inevitable crowds this place  will be having. We were fortunate to only be sharing the place  with only 5 other partiesService was efficient and friendly. Establishment clean and pleasant. They keep their music at a very acceptable level.We tried the Red Velvet  with cream cheese syrup stack and the banana stack. Both were excellent. I hope try all 12 of their stacks eventually.The eggs and hash browns and were also delicious.This is a great breakfast/lunch place that we will frequent.
5	This is just as good as the original Babystacks!  The food is delicious, the service is great, and the wait is short.  I ate the Portuguese sausage with a side of their famous Red Velvet pancakes.  All I can say is AWESOME!!!
5	Yippee they opened one closer to my end of town! The first time we trekked over to the other end of town and the place was so popular we waited for a good 45 minutes for a table. But this location must be a secret still because we were seated right away, so I'm not sure if I should spread the word or be selfish and keep this to myself!! So of course we split the red velvet pancakes, it's like dessert for breakfast. I would recommend getting the short stack and splitting it between the table so everyone get a taste, don't know if I could eat an entire plate b/c it may be just a tad too sweet. The adobo omelette was also shared and that had really good flavor, but my absolute favorite, what I got up early for on my day off was the lemon ricotta pancakes (more like a crepe) sweet baby Jesus these brought tears to my eyes, ok maybe a little dramatic but they are so good I need to emphasize how good. So light and refreshing, I just add a tiny layer of butter and sprinkle powdered sugar and dip a bite at a time in the sauce it comes with. If you have a love for lemon like I do, you have to try these. And an added bonus for coffee drinkers, they serve half & half, not non-dairy creamer!! It's the little things in life, I know.....
5	As a diehard BabyStacks fan, I got myself over to the new location this morning with my partner in crime, taking advantage of the Yelp deal being offered.  The second cafe is bigger than the first and there was no wait, but I'm sure that won't last long once word gets out that the new joint has arrived.  I'm happy to report that we received the same great customer service and the same delicious food.  My regular order of Cinnabun pancakes, scrambled eggs, and hash browns arrived at our table in no time at all.  Bob Marley was blasting as I savored each delicious bite--what more can a Yelping gal like me ask for except...more?  Keep it up, BabyStacks crew and mahalo!
5	I won't be suprised if Babycakes/BabyStacks ever expands into a franchise.  It's ridiculously tasty, highlighted by their red velvet pancakes.The pancakes are perfectly cooked, soft and cake-like in the center with a hint of crispness on the outside. Its coupled with the crack addicting cream cheese frosting. It's a must order for any Baby virgin. 6 pancakes come in a full stack.We also ordered the Portuguese Sausage and Eggs. For less than 2 bucks, you can upgrade regular pancakes to specialty. We got the carrot cake which were yummy but the red velvet trumps them all.Be sure to take advantage of the current Yelp deal - 15 dollars for 7 bucks. You can buy up to 3 and it excludes Fri and Sat.Love the Hawaiian fusion, music, and service. It won't be long until they open up another location on the Eastside I predict.
5	It's was so yummy. Potcho sausage almost as good as home but da red velvet pancake was da winna!
5	I ordered the chicken fried steak with garlic rice and a baby stack of red velvet pancakes.  I have to say it was the best chicken fried steak I ever had. Definitely going back for some more. Red velvet was okay. I still think the grand lux cafe at the palazzo has the best red velvet pancakes.
5	Love this place! It's even more awesome because it's located near ME! Since it just opened up, there was no wait. It's about the same size as the other location. The service was fast as well!! And the tables were almost filled up too so I was surprised that the food came out so quickly. The food was the same quality as their other location.The red velvet pancakes: chocolately red fluffiness with a dollop of sweet whip cream and chocolate. That cream cheese frosting is not overly sweet  (to me) so it went well with the pancakes.My other favorite: adobo fried rice omelet. Goshdamn, it's good. The rice was highlighted with pork adobo and wrapped in a thin scrambled egg. Le sigh. I love this place!!!!
5	MORE spacious than original baby stacks. i wanna say, probably 3 times the size of the original location. clientele is familyesque. I adore the wrap-around the wall benches for seating. the giant butterflies...? mmm not so much. but there's a high-counter seating if you decide to come solo... or not.the red velvet pancakes never fail. but the real secret weapon would be the carrot cake pancakes for its hint of spice and nuts as toppings. its sweet, but not too sweet. order it with a glass of milk if you will, to balance that brilliantly tasty cream cheese frosting.i also recommend the loco moco. the service is friendly in accomodating about 10 of us.i'll be back, also hoping to see some new stuff on their menu soon.
5	Delicious food and wonderful service!  The restaurant had a unique family/Hawaiian feel to it.  I saw a Groupon for this restaurant, but didn't get to it fast enough and it sold out.  However, I still wanted to try it out and I was not disappointed!  I ordered the Portuguese Sausage, Scrambled eggs, Hash browns and Red Velvet pancakes.  My boyfriend ordered almost the same exact thing, except he got rice and toast with his instead.  The sausage was amazing paired with the eggs and hash browns.  The pancakes were good as well and did taste very much like cake.  Next time, I plan on trying the Cinnabun pancakes, because the description on the menu sounded really tasty!  :)
5	I've found my new favorite breakfast place! I never made it up to the original location. I tried once but the wait was too long. This time around there was no wait on a Monday morning. The interior is fairly large -- much larger than the first location, I'm told -- with several large TVs scattered around the room. For single diners, there's a bar to sit at.The red velvet pancakes that everyone talks about is as good as advertised. Rich, chocolatey, cakey, but not too dense or sweet to make you think you're eating dessert at 8 in the morning. Apparently, it's a home-made recipe not a prepackaged mix. Topped with whipped cream, chocolate shavings, and cream cheese syrup, it's one of the better breakfast items I've had.As much as I'd like to order it again, there are so many other delicious sounding items on the menu to try. With this place just minutes from my house, I'm sure I'll have the opportunity to make my way through all of them.
3	I debated between giving Baby Stacks a 3 or 4 star review. I give them extra credit for all the variety and the fact that it makes me want to try more.I came here for breakfast this morning to redeem my Yelp Deal. I have been to their first location in the past and was excited that they opened another location closer to my home. We came in around 10am, and as I have experienced at the other location, the wait was pretty long. Unfortunately, as with the other location, they underestimate the wait time as well. I just like to know what I'm getting into before I decide to wait or not (don't worry, I'm done venting about that).We were finally seated and the service was friendly and efficient. I ordered the ham and eggs with hash browns and upgraded to the lemon ricotta pancakes. My fella ordered the chicken omelet with homestyle fries and upgraded to the red velvet pancakes. The food was solid, although I was not a fan of the canned ham they served instead of ham steak. I was also a little disappointed that despite asking for my eggs and hash browns well done, the eggs were runny and the hash browns were really pale, not well done by any means. The food was still good though. I'm a big fan of the flavored pancakes, but the lemon ricotta really weren't doing a lot for me. I wish the curd were slightly more tangy and lemon-y, it was just a little too sweet. The red velvet were just right however. I also wish the pancakes had a fluffier consistency, but the flavors are still really nice.Overall, a good dining experience and I'm still interested in trying more of their menu items.
5	The mistake my boyfriend made was leaving me alone with the red velvet pancakes when he went to the restroom....I don't have much of a sweet tooth but the fluffy red velvet pancakes sprinkled with chocolate chips combined with the cream cheese frosting were calling my name and I ended up devouring the dish before he got back to the table....I did leave him a few bites =)  I prefer this location over the original one since it seems to be larger...and we didn't have to wait for a table when we went for brunch on Saturday.  I like the menu options with the standard breakfast fare and a large selection of Hawaiian fusion breakfast items like the adobo omelette, loco moco, spam omelette, kahlua pig eggs benedict, and portuguese sausage.  They also have a large variety of pancake options, all which are cooked perfectly.  Babystacks has breakfast food down to a tee....I've tried both the adobo omelette and loco moco and I'm a fan of both! So if you are ever in need of a good brunch place, this is a must try type of establishment...and don't forget to order the FULL stack of the red velvet pancakes...it's like the Lay's potato chip slogan, betcha can't eat just one!...so probably best to order extra so you can share.
5	I'll admit it, I hate giving out 5 stars.  I'm just so stingy, I think 5 out of 5 should be  reserved for near perfection.  I had no choice Baby Stacks.  You left me no out.  5 out of 5 it is.  The people have spoken.  And they said they want red velvet pancakes from Baby Stacks Cafe.  So who am I to argue?  For my first trip to this highly recommended breakfast stop, I got the velvet short-stack along with a side of scrambled eggs and a glass of milk.  Very basic.FOOD:  The short-stack was 3 smaller thick pancakes, which was just right for me to feel full but not disgusted with myself.  I've never had red velvet pancakes, but why haven't I heard of this sooner?!  It's one of the most delicious things on earth.  The perfect sweetness, texture, toppings - man, I just can't do these things justice.  Trust me when I say they are straight from heaven.  SERVICE: The only thing sweeter than my short-stack was my server.  "Yvette" I believe was her name, a young Hawaiian-looking girl with the happiest attitude without a hint of fakeness.  She was smiley, quick to greet and take my order, always asking if there was anything else she could do, checking up on me just right.  And my food came out ridiculously quick.  I was pleasantly impressed!DECOR:  The restaurant is fairly small, but cozy, clean, refreshing, and new in appearance.  You can tell someone took pride in it.  The small bar style seating area was neat.  There was a TV.  Soothing, light, uplifting music.  Very nice colors, plants, decorations, new furniture (tables and booths) and overall just extremely well taken care of.I honestly can't find a single negative thing to say.  It was such a nice breakfast.  They really earned my stingy 5 star rating!  I wish it was next door to my apartment!
5	As with John M., I am very stingy with my 5-star reviews. But nobody likes a liar, so I had to be honest and give this place its proper due.Went with a large party, as a group we ordered nearly half the items on the menu, and then I stuffed my mouth with (stole) off every single plate that hit the table-- it was all amazing. I had the portuguese sausage and eggs with a short stack of red velvet pancakes (I could drink the CREAM CHEESE SYRUP by itself). Pros: HUGE variety, so many creative pancake choices (red velvet, carrot cake, white choc macadamia nut, rockry road), clean environment, trendy (yet unassuming) atmosphere, friendly and attentive staff, reasonable prices.Cons: They don't have a location in Southern California.
4	Best breakfast place...but the service on this location wasn't as great as the other location. However, we didn't have to wait 45 min to get a table and it was on a Saturday around 10ish. Since I was on this side of town and had a groupon for this place...why not? It only took 10 minutes to get our table. Good thing we came at the perfect time because the people started to arrive and the wait was 30 to 40 min. The place was a little bit larger than the other location. It took about 15 minutes to be greeted by our server. I ordered the ranchero omelet since I haven't tried it, with the red velvet pancakes. My daughter ordered the LJ's scramble with the red velvet pancake. Her pancake took an additional 10 minutes to come out after we got our food. The ranchero omelet was pretty good with a kick of hotness due to the green salsa. The red velvet pancakes is still my favorite because it's not too sweet...dessert for breakfast is just the perfect way to end your meal or start it. Other flavored pancakes to try is the Rocky Road, S'mores, and White chocolate macadamia, Lemon ricotta, and Strawberry. They are all very yummy and will not disappoint you.
5	I love this place.... NOw that they opened a location on Buffalo/Flamingo.. the wait is soo much shorter.  The red velvet pancakes are da bomb... and i just love the pork adobo!!  I also tried the cinnamon pancakes which are really good too!  I have nothing bad to say about this place this all.  The food is GREAT.
5	There was really nothing I didn't like about this cafe :) I am very very picky and went over the dining experience in my head afterwards; It was nearly perfect :D We got seated right away, and while it was packed elbow to elbow in there, :) we placed our order as fast as we could figure out what we wanted. The wait was not long enough :P as we didn't even get to finish our argument about what science experiments I could keep in the house :) and the food was delicious and abundant. I had the 2 egg plate (scrambled with just egg whites), hash-browns and a short stack of Carrot (pan)Cakes. They were flipping fantastic, especially with some hot sauce (which they brought without me asking, before my meal arrived). My guest ordered the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes which only come in one size (fits all) and I tried some of it and we both agreed they were a triumph of breakfast food. The service was attentive and positive the whole time; except that they didn't bring us our check once it was obvious that we had finished our meals, which I've heard is polite but I prefer efficiency in my dining experience :P
5	After noticing the 5 stars, me and the bf decided to give BabyStacks a try. So glad that we did, it was deeellllicious!I ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes, which I'm sure you've read, were excellent. They had just the right amount of sweetness to them and came with an excellent cream cheese syrup. These combined with a cup of coffee = heaven.The bf ordered the HM1 Skillet that to our surprise, didn't taste like any old skillet, it actually had flavor! And lots of it!The only thing that I would change (but not enough to knock down a star) would for it not to be so dang hot in there! Open a door, some windows, turn on a fan, anything! ;)
5	The red velvet pancakes are so so delicious!  Wish there was a babystacks at home :)
5	Red velvet pancakes are genius! I should feel guilty eating dessert for breakfast. Nope. Cream cheese icing tops off fluffy red velvet pancakes. Friendly and efficient staff. I highly recommend this place.
5	Delicious. Dropped by for breakfast with mom. She had the corned beef hash and I had the steak and eggs with a side of white chocolate macadamia pancakes (love that you can get specialty pancakes for a small additional fee). Our server was friendly and helpful. The restaurant is a nice cozy size and has a warm sunny feeling to it. Our food was AWESOME. I'm not usually crazy about pancakes but these may have made me a pancake convert. They were light and fluffy and not too sweet. The flavours were great without too much syrup. My steak was a little overcooked but the taste made up for it. The hashbrowns were nice and crispy. Wonderful meal; I will be back very very soon!
4	HYPE? Yes. WORTH TRYING? Yes. COMING BACK? Hell Yes.RED VELVET PANCAKES: Don't lie. You know of Babystacks because they're home to the red velvet pancakes. And red velvet is hipster. But that's ok, that's why I came here too. I'm not a lover of pancakes,  but I am a lover of these. They're tastier than regular pancakes and topped with a house-whipped whipped cream and chocolate chips. And who can complain about a cream cheese "syrup"? Its painfully sweet, but in a good way. Order it alongside some savory items and you will have the perfect meal to please your palette. Get a full-stack if your hungry, short stack if you wanna nibble.KAHLUA PIG BENEDICT: I love me some eggs benedict. And when its mixed up with some creativity I'm all for it. This was pretty good. Not great! But I was happy with how it tasted. The shredded pork and cabbage mixture could've used a little more flavor though. Spices are your friend Babycakes... Cheese and Egg yolk alone cannot flavor up a whole dish. I finished the leftovers the following morning. It tasted even better to-go once the flavors had settled and melded together!VARIETY: The menu is quite large. All the usual breakfast combos and classics like loco moco are orderable. So many dishes look so delectable!I'm very particular about paying mark-ups for breakfast food. But this time, the restaurant lived up to the hype. This new Spring Valley location isn't too far from my house so I'll be back!
4	Normally it's packed as hell (30-40 minute wait), but I got lucky on a Monday around 11ish.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming.  A great wide selection of pancake flavors...from Rocky road to their signature Red Velvet (a definite must try!)  I ordered their Kalua Pig Benedict --omg it's so damn good.  The best Hawaiian fusion breakfast.  The eggs were cooked perfect and the kalua pig was flavored perfectly (not crazy salty).  I also ordered a side of Red Velvet short stacks.  MmMmMm...came with a fluffy dollop of whipped butter and side of melted cream cheese icing and sprinkled with chocolate chips crumbles.  I'm normally not a sweets kinda person when it comes to breakfast, but this was absolutely delicious.  It paired well with the Kalua Pig Benedicts.  The only thing I regret is not taking a picture before devouring the whole thing.   I will definitely be back to this cute little cafe!
4	I have to admit I really don't like giving out 4 Stars to breakfast joints because no breakfast place can reinvent the pancake, its the same everywhere. But not this place! RED VELVET PANCAKES oh yaaaa Red Velvet Pancakes: 4/5 I'm not a big pancake person because I'm not much of a sweets person but my boyfriend is. He loved them! practically inhaled them. The velvet pancakes were very soft and fluffy and you could definitely taste the red velvet especially topping it with cream cheese icing. A little sweet for my taste but my boyfriend loved it. Bacon Spinach Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise sauce: 5/5 I've never had eggs Benedict but I was looking for something on their menu that consisted my favorite's for breakfast: eggs, cheese, spinach, bacon, sausage. Closes thing they had was the spinach eggs Benedict. I was iffy about the hollandaise sauce because its a buttery sauce but it complimented the Bacon Spinach Benedict perfectly. The hollandaise sauce kind of taste a bit cheesy to me. Pastrami Sandwich: 3/5 My boyfriend ordered this, he said it was a bit salty but that's pastrami for you. There wasn't anything special to the sandwich when I took a bite so I'm rating this average. Coffee: 0/5  I was actually disappointed about their coffee, I don't know maybe I was "expecting" too much? BUT When I hear "cafe" I think of coffee's & espresso's. Yet all they had was regular coffee and black. This place came off to me more like a DINER than a CAFE.
5	The Red Velvet Pancakes are worth repeatedly talking about, the location is great for LV residents and those who want to venture of the strip, weekdays are easier to get seated and quicker for the food to come out.  Service was awesome, especially from my server, Yvette!!!
4	I've heard so much about this place.. and I must say, I was not let down at all. I decided to try this place with a few of my girlfriends on a Sunday morning. I ordered the steak & eggs with hash browns and upgraded my original pancakes to the red velvet pancakes. Two of my friends got the red velvet pancakes as well. We absolutely loved them! They are soo delicious. They're the perfect combination of a bit of chocolatey flavor & cream cheese. They were also very fluffy and light, but the edges had a little crispiness to them which was good.The hash browns and eggs were yummy as well. The steak, however, wasn't all that. It had a very charred taste to it. I ordered it medium rare and there was very little pink to it. It was also very tough and hard to chew. I could have done without the steak.The ambiance of the place was nice. It was very clean. I don't think they turn on the A/C though, which I didn't mind much but my friends did. They had ceiling fans running but I guess with that many people in one place, it tends to get a little warm. We waited for about 20 minutes to get a table because it was so busy, this isn't a bad thing.. just shows how good this place is. Our server was very nice and friendly. I'm docking a star only because of the steak. I LOVE steak and I'm not even usually picky when it comes to it. But theirs just didn't cut it. Other than that, everything was amazing. Definitely coming back!
4	Nummy breakfast yummies!  I love love love their Kalua Pig Benedict!  They've invented an all new breakfast classic that tops my morning cravings list.  I added a little hot sauce and enjoyed my perfect dish.  My fellow ordered their infamous Red Velvet Pancakes, which is absolute over the top decadence.  We shared a side of bacon, which was very dry and not good.  The service was good, but the tables are really small and a bit cramped.
5	Stick with the pancakes, adobo fried rice, country fried steak and loco moco when eating here..Stay away from the omelettes and benedicts. I think they were just an afterthought. Like, "hey, let's put some omelettes and benedicts on our menu to widen our clientele!" So stick with the pancakes.
4	The food is very good, the Red Velvet pancakes are to die for.  The turkey bacon tasted a bit odd to me but the regular bacon was thick cut and yummy. If you are looking for a quick meal this is not the place to go. The service was a bit slow.
4	This place is really goodThe Red Velvet pancakes were like an excellent dessert The Macadamia White Chocolate pancakes were excellent, not as sweet as the RVI loved the Huntington omelet, it had my favorites: avocado, bacon, cheddarServer Yvette was attentive and fun.  I highly recommend this place.Was not crowded at 11am on a Tuesday!!
2	Always looking for a new place, and this one had some good reviews. We came here for breakfast last weekend. The menu looked awesome, tons of options, affordable prices. I was quite disappointed, however. As a girl who loves her breakfast meat, I decided to give the corned beef hash a shot. It came with 2 eggs, hash browns, and a short stack of pancakes. The atmosphere was comfortable, service was quick, and the food was out pretty fast. But when I got my plate, the corned beef hash looked more like a flattened out, dry piece of scrapple (PA Dutchies will know what I mean, or someone from the northeast:) AND. It didn't taste much better. Plus, the whole breakfast was cold. Well, luke warm, I guess, but not as hot as it should have been (cold eggs are gross).  The pancakes looked promising.  I went with the Cinnamon Bun (it was a compromise because I was sharing). But they were dry, and not hot either. And waay too sweet for my taste. I should have gone with my instinct and tried the bacon or carrot cake.  I was not disappointed to the point of not going back. I understand off days, and I don't get all in a huff about stuff ( watching people flip out in a restaurant makes me feel embarrassed for them). It was still good service, and had good conversation with surrounding tables. I may have just been unlucky that morning.
5	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and this is one of my favorite places and the one thing that kept me away was the wait.  But now if I'm hungry and can muster up enough residual energy in the morning to get all they south on Buffalo to their new location I can have a great breakfast and nearly immediate seating.  I've had pancakes, I've had adobo fried rice, and I've had the regular breakfast fare in past visits and have been satisfied with all my choices.  This is a place I like since my coffee cup never goes empty, I leave just full enough, and everything looks like it would in a picture menu, made with care and ready to be devoured.  So if you want a varied menu with unique breakfast items along with traditional favorites and varying twists, then this is certainly a place to visit.  The northern location has limited seating but this location on South Buffalo is far bigger with the same greatness as the original.
4	I have never heard soo many great reviews as I have heard about this place.  When I got a text from my friend last night before that they were going to Babystacks for brunch, I jumped on the moment to tag along.  Boy am I glad I did!***Please be advised that you may have to wait a while before you get a table.  The hostess advised me that it could be upwards of up to 45 minutes.  We ended up waiting a little over 30 minutes.Speaking of the hostess, I would like to share the only reason why this place got 4 stars for me.  This morning, there was a young girl in the front, taking everyone's name for the list.  She was definitely not as pleasant as I hoped for.  Maybe it just wasn't her day.  She showed a lot of irritation and no patience for anyone in front of her.  When it was time to pay, I noticed a jar that said, "Tip for hostess," and realized why there was only a SINGLE dollar in there...Ok, I'm done with my negative rant.  I want to talk about the AH-MAZE-ING food known as Babystacks!  Here's what me and my friends got:Spam and Eggs for $8.25- It came with 3 slices of fried spam, eggs the way you like it (I got it scrambled) and either potatoes, hash browns, garlic rice for an extra charge and pancakes (any kinds of specialty pancakes for an up charge as well).  I chose the garlic rice and the bacon pancakes to get a versatile meal.  The rice was regular white rice with some kind of garlic infused oil drizzle over it with onions.  The only suggestion we had was maybe having caramelized onions in the future, but the rice was good.  The eggs were eggs and so was the spam.  Here's where this dish blows your minds...WHEN YOU COMBINED THOSE FLAVORS IN ONE BITE! That combination in one bite just made this dish worth it for me.  The pancakes were buttermilk pancakes with strips of bacon in the batter.  I really love eating breakfast meat with maple syrup so having that bacon in the pancakes made it AMAZEBALLS for me!!Kalua Pig Benedict for $9.75- Now this is the dish that will keep me coming back!!  Let's start with the most flavorful seasoned potatoes cut into small cubes.  Then my friends, then there's the main attraction!  Toasted English Muffin, layered with a smoked Kalua (shredded) pig with cabbage, a medium poached egg and topped with hollandaise sauce.  I can't tell you how AH-MAZE-ING this dish is.  You'll just have to try it yourself.  Just know that the pork is super juicy and smokey, the English muffin is toasted by still soft, the egg is perfectly poached and the hollandaise is...well, let's just say that I'm going to dream about that sauce for months to come.My friend had the short stack of Red Velvet Pancakes for $5.75- Start with 3 red velvet pancakes, topped with chocolate chunks and whipped cream and served with a cream cheese syrup.  I had the opportunity to try this and boy was it good!!  Super moist, super flavorful and such a great concept/reality!  I will be ordering a full stack the next time.My other friend got the Portuguese sausage and eggs for $8.95- He had his eggs over easy, got the hashbrowns and chose the banana cream pie pancakes for an extra charge.  The Portuguese sausage is very familiar to me, being from Hawaii and it looked like the eggs were perfectly cooked.  Although I didn't try his meal, I know he was very satisfied by it, especially the banana cream pie pancakes.  His pancakes had bananas in the batter and as a topping.  These pancakes also came with sliced almonds, whipped cream, crushed pie crust and drizzled with a banana cream sauce.  The place is small.  Super small.  There's a t.v. in the joint, contains bar top seating and a couple of butterflies as it's decor.  I'd consider this place a contender for Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.  The food is that good!  If it wasn't for the hostess with the bad impression, this place would have gotten a 5 star.  Mark my words though.  The food itself will keep me coming back!
5	I was so happy they opened up another BabyStacks closer to home... although I still wish they'd open up one in Henderson (but my thighs don't!) ! The red velvet pancakes are still the best, but I also adore the carrot cake ones. My husband and I always split the chicken fried steak (our favorite in town!) with eggs, hash browns, and red velvet pancakes. This more than feeds both of us! Sometimes we make the mistake of attempting 2 breakfasts between us (perhaps a skillet and the chicken fried steak), but then we are rolling out of there in extreme pain!Keep up the good work BabyStacks - a location closer to Henderson would be nice :)
4	I had bookmarked BabyStacks a long time ago and finally decided to make the drive up to give it a try. When I arrived there was a line out the door, but we expected a wait. After about 30 minutes, we were finally seated. I noticed a few things that they could improve on right away. The hostess was rather cold, when people are waiting for extended periods of time for a table, kindness and a smile go a long way. They also have a very small counter area, which I assumed was an option when you placed your name on the list. To my surprise, two couples walked in and went right to the counter! They didn't even tell us that it was first come first served, you don't have to add your name to the list for counter seating! Again, they need to get better control over that because we were not the only group that was upset when we realized this. We waited 30 minutes and two couples walked right in and sat down.They should have everyone add their name to the list and then offer the counter as it becomes available.Now, onto the food! I got a short stack of their famous red velvet pancakes! As stated by many other yelpers, they were so dreamy! They were moist, delicious, and the cream cheese syrup was divine. They are a little sweet, but not so much that you feel like you are eating cupcakes for breakfast. The short stack was the perfect size, I cleaned my plate but I was definitely full. I was also able to sneak a bite of my husband's banana cream pie pancakes, which were just as tasty.I was also lucky enough to try their Kalua pig Benedict. The hollandaise sauce was out of this world and worked very well with the rest of the dish. The shredded pork and cabbage were fantastic and overall the dish was very well balanced. They also have delicious seasoned potatoes and hash browns that seem simple but are a really flavorful accompaniment.Overall, the food is fantastic! I love the way that they designed the menu, almost everything you order comes with pancakes. Unfortunately, they have a few kinks to work out, but the food is so worth the wait. I wish they would open a location in Henderson so I could work them into my weekend brunch routine!
4	the food is amazing but i am mainly writing this about one of the hostesses they have working the front. We came in yesterday (sunday 3/18) around 10 of course it was packed, we were greeted by 2 hostesses, 1 of which didn't really smile at all, the other had a huge smile on her face, she was the cashier, her name was Jordan. Cashing people out wasn't the only thing she was doing, i saw her running food, bussing tables, seating people and cashing them out. If you want a hostess she's one to have on your team, she was amazing, and i didn't see a flaw at all in her work, i'm sure there was and if there was i never saw. we've come in a few times and have been greeted by her and i just think she's great. never rude, always has a smile on her face, friendly. she's someone they DEF need to have out serving people.
4	So happy this place has a location close to home.  I have been wanting to try this place for awhile, but too lazy to drive.  This place is great!  service is decent and I like the atmosphere.  Everyone talks about the red velvet pancakes which I did try, but I think the best pancakes are the banana cream pie.  A must order.
5	All of my life's choices have led up to this moment. It was no coincidence that I found this restaurant, it can only be explained as destiny and a yelp app. I was in Vegas for a weekend for some friend's birthday and I wanted pancakes for breakfast. Not the tacky boring stuff your face buffet kind but some quality flap jacks.  So where else do I turn to but my yelp app. Thanks people of yelp for steering me and my boyfriend to this neat local spot! I was seriously delighted by the selections and the portions are just right. They have red velvet pancakes, lemon ricotta pancakes, honey wheat, and even strawberry shortcake. I ordered the Portuguese sausage and eggs with a short stack of bacon pancakes (A slight increase in price for the upgrade, totally worth it.). And my boo ordered the regular sausage and eggs with the banana cream pancakes. He and I both agreed Portuguese is the best way to go because the sausage had a little spice to it that the other sausage could not compete with. Good service, we got our food quickly, and our tummy's were more then satisfied with the portions. We are definitely making this a regular stop on our future Vegas trips.
4	It's a bit of a drive from the strip if you're visiting, but worth the drive for those delicious red velvet pancakes. Also had Cinnabun pancakes; red velvet better.  Small dining room meant a wait for three of us.  Parties of two were seated almost instantly.
5	We had out of town guests this weekend and decided to focus our meals on local establishments instead of chain restaurants. I'm certainly glad that we chose BabyStacks. We arrived about 10:50 on Sunday morning. It was a short 10 minute wait for a table. Two of us had the red velvet pancakes and our friend had banana pancakes (not banana cream). We all enjoyed our meals and had boxes to go. OMG! The red velvet pancakes were awesome. I didn't have the chocolate chips on top because that wasn't appealing to me. The service was good and fast. The restaurant is small. The only negative I have is that it is 12 miles from my house. Oh well...that won't stop me from returning.
2	I went here with my friend and fellow yelper Tracie p we went around lunch time we both were virgins of this place but read such good reviews on yelp about it so we decided to try it.We were looking forward to the Red velvet pancakes and all the hype about them so we shared a half order of them. Unfortunately they did not live up to all the hype, we were both expecting red velvet pancakes but got pancakes with food coloring we were pretty disappointed. The pancakes were not fluffy goodness but yet a weird texture not to tasty and the "cream cheese syrup"  tasted like that frosting you would put on those cinnamon rolls you get at the grocery store. Now on the flip side I ordered the Huntington omelet which had cheddar cheese, bacon and avocado which came with your choice of hash browns or seasoned potatoes i got the "seasoned potatoes" which were not seasoned one bit and i also got an english muffin which was good but how can you mess that up. The omelet was pretty tasty how can you go wrong with cheese bacon and avocado , nothing that great but it was good. Overall it was an ok experience I was pretty disappointed I expected it to be way better because of all the reviews on yelp. I probably wont return here because there are better breakfast places out there.
5	This place is yummy!  I enjoy a really good breakfast, and I enjoy really good pancakes.  This place has both.  Today I got the Huntington omelet, which is full of crispy bacon, avocado and Cheddar cheese, covered with a little sour cream and pico de gallo.  I also got and shared with my husband the rocky road pancakes and the lemon ricotta pancakes.  The omelet was light and fluffy, the bits of bacon bits, crisp, and the pico de gallo was just spicy enough to give it a little kick.  As for the pancakes, lets start with the lemon ricotta, very thin, crepe like with lemon wedge and cream cheese syrup, I enjoyed them, but my husband wasn't so impressed, he wanted them to be more cake like, rather than crepe.The rocky road cakes, were chocolate with almonds and  marshmallows in the batter, then sprinkled with more almonds and marshmallows, whip cream and dusted with coca powder.  I really enjoy a chocolate, so this was like eating desert, very good.Service is good here, always enjoy my food and would recommend it to anyone!
5	The red velvet pancakes are the stars of this small cute breakfast and lunch place. They are not too sweet, have great chocolate flavor and super tender. The spinach eggs benedict were also very tasty even though the eggs were a little overcooked. Definitely a must go place for breakfast.
4	I just visited this place for the second time and what can I say?!  This place is fucking great!  So far I've only had the Piglet omelet which consists of sausage, ham and bacon with seasoned potatoes.  I've also had the eggs with portuguese sausage which was really good too. But lets face it, we come here for the pancakes!!  These things are phenomenal!  The first time I tried the Red Velvet short stack which was incredible.  On my second visit I had the Carrot Cakes and holy hell where they awesome!!  It was like eating carrot cake which I love, without the consistency of the cake, but the softness of the pancake!The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the regular breakfast, although good, is just regular breakfast.  Nothing to special about it.  But like I said, its all about the pancakes here, and those get 5 stars!
4	Outstanding breakfast at an awesome price.  DW and I got off the strip and had one of the best meals of the trip for breakfast.  I had the loco moco which was outstanding and I can not wait to go back and have another one.  DW had an omelet which was good and I ate her short stack of pancakes which were also very good.  Service was awesome and the price with coffee and tip was under 30 bucks.  Compare that to the cold waffle I had the day before in a casino cafe (which cost 15 bucks) and you can see why I am so high on BabyStacks.  Once again if your in town visiting do not let the off strip location keep you from one of your best meals and values.
3	"Waaaaaiting is the hardest part."  Tom Petty says it best, when he sings the chorus to his song "The Waiting." This also sums up the experience you'll have at BabyStacks.  There is no doubt that BabyStacks has the biggest selection of creative pancakes in town.  The panacea of pancakes changes often, but expect to find staples like Red Velvet, Lemon-Ricotta, and S'mores on the menu when you dine.  Besides lots of pancakes, BabyStacks also stays true to it's Hawaiian roots with breakfast grinds like Loco Moco, Spam fried rice, and Kahlua Pork omelets.  The place is very small, and can feel cramped, especially during a busy weekend rush.  If you don't have the sweet tooth of a five year old, you may want to pass on the pancakes, and go for something savory.  On my last visit, I kept it simple, and went with some scrambled eggs, potatoes, sausage, and toast.  Everything was good, not great, and for the 30 minutes we waited  to get our food, after waiting about 20 to sit down, and another 10 for our coffee, it just wasn't worth it. Breakfast doesn't need to be a whole production, and the food isn't good enough to warrant the wait and the potential cramped seating.  BabyStacks is worth trying, but not frequenting.
4	We previously dined at their N. Buffalo location so I was anticipating nothing less than an excellent breakfast and I was not disappointed.  The restaurant is larger and brighter than the original. We were initially ignored by the wait staff so after about 10 minutes I got up and flagged one down.  Once we received menus, we discovered 17 different varieties of pancakes are offered - decisions, decisions.  A companion  went conservative by ordering buttermilk, my wife the red velvet and I tossed caution and calories to the wind by choosing the banana cream pie. Oh my God, mine was hands down the best and most calorie laden pancakes ever conceived.
5	Best pancakes ever! Red Velvet are my fav!
4	Great place to eat off the strip.   It was my first time there and I love this place.  We went over easter time and the wait was 40 min. wait but it's worth the wait.  I had eggs and crispy bacon along cinnabum pancakes.  My whole meal was delicious!  Nice service and refill on drinks.
5	I'm so glad they opened up this new location much closer to the Southwest Las Vegas area.I love to order the Portugeuse sausage with garlic fried rice with my pancakes side upgraded to the Peanut Butter and banana pancakes.Yum!  This place never fails me.  This new spot is even better and bigger, and a much shorter wait.  I will definitely start to frequent this joint.My friends love the red velvet pancakes too, and the loco moco.  Other friends have said they liked the Adobo Fried Rice too.Try it now!  Breakfast or Brunch, it's good!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (44/365). I have a lot of catching up to do
4	I've been hearing about baby stacks for some time now and when i found out they had a location closer to me at Buffalo and Flamingo, I decided to finally give them a try.When i go to breakfast places, I try to steer clear of ordering stuff i can make at home...spam and eggs, Portuguese sausage and eggs, etc etc.  I always try to go for stuff that I can't make or would take too much effort to make.  Pancakes are not hard to make but the creativity that baby stacks has come up with forced me to order them, lol!We had the velvet pancakes, banana cream pie pancakes and the corned beef hash.  red velvet pancakes: they were good, not spectacular like most people here say, but definitely good.  They came with a cream cheese sauce and I noticed most people were pouring the entire thing on their pancakes, lol.  Yeah, they were good but all of it was too sweet for me. The banana cream pie pancakes were really good.  banana slices, a banana type sauce, almonds and a whipped cream that tasted like it was infused with banana.  If they only added some chocolate too! mmmm.........The corned beef hash said that it was homemade on the menu but it looked like and tasted like the canned stuff.  I think the best corned beef hash still belongs to Black Bear Diner...Overall a great experience and we will be back.  We're looking forward to trying the kalua pig benedict, chicken adobo omelet, etc.  p.s. for any Hawaii Peeps out there, their banana cream pie pancakes tasted exactly like the banana mac pancakes from BOOTS N KIMOS in Kailua!  I think the chef here used to work there or something, lol!
4	Very yummy and quaint place. I was initially put off by the 45- 60 minute wait the hostess quoted our party of 5 on a Sunday but we ended up only waiting about 20 minutes. No one ordered the red velvet cakes so I could try them but I did sample the biscuits and gravy and well as the extremely buttery hash browns. I had the Adobo friend rice.... fried rice wrapped in an omelete. If it had some sort of yummy sauce on it (hollandaise?) it might have been superb, nevertheless, it was very tasty. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive to our needs. I will be back.
2	A new location, some of the same staff, and still not a fan of the food. After an intense workout, I needed some food in me. I had tried BabyStacks before with my sister and found it mediocre. Part of my distaste was due to their lack of proper staffing and attention to their guest. With an additional location, it reduces the wait time and the business for both locations. Our server, Mikey was nice. Came around, took our orders, refilled my water. Another girl came around and offer me refills when she saw my cup empty. The service is not the focus of my dislike of this place. It was the food.I got the Red Velvet Pancakes as my meal. A full stack of these hot cakes is overkill. They come out with six large disks topped with chocolate chips, whipped cream, and their cream cheese frosting. A few bites in and my teeth were feeling achy. The syrup was unnecessary since the pancakes are already too sweet on their own. I finished two of the six and was done. My friend was insistent on getting a half order of pb & chocolate chip pancakes and a eggs and sausage plate. The pancakes are heavy and the savory items are just average. Their eggs are executed well and the hash browns had a nice golden crisp.
4	Las Vegas Yelpers, you guys rock for sharing about a great place like Babystacks!We're from the SF Bay Area and we've had a few visits to Las Vegas the past year.  We're so over the usual stuff and just wanted to find a good breakfast that wasn't on the strip.  We Yelpers know that some of the best food can be found off the beaten path, right?  So my trusty Yelp App not only roped me in with an eye catching menu that had pancake choices like Smores, Banana Creme Pie, Red Velvet (cue eye pop here) but it also told me that this place is about 15 minutes from our hotel.  Sweet!  Off we go in our rental.Probably because we went on a weekday, we didn't experience a lengthy wait as mentioned in the other reviews.  During the 5 minutes we did have to hang out, I noticed the clean, casual & laid back surroundings with a bit of an island touch.  Cute butterflies everywhere.  I also saw the specials on the board and I knew I was in for a dilemma.  Almond Joy pancakes?  Orange creamsicle pancakes?  I asked for a menu to have an early look but by that time we were ready to be seated.I got the Lemon Ricotta pancakes.  It only comes in one size, and the order was HUGE.  The cream cheese syrup made each bite delightfully sweet and really went with the lemony, fluffy pancake. My leftovers: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RIYUD4i-_sPDH597B92DXg&userid=6b-xMDKuXglIDVRf08eKJgThe huzbeau ordered the Kalua Pork Eggs Benedict.  I liked my pancakes, but I was coveting his plate the whole time.  The pork was tender and nicely salted with perfectly poached eggs.  I've never had this rendition of Eggs Benedict before and its a work of genius!  If it were me though, I'd throw in some spam in there (which I did order on the side; comes with two slices).  Note to self for the next time.  And I'm definitely getting my own. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wgy9HFmRWyhY8IupO76RHw&userid=6b-xMDKuXglIDVRf08eKJgThe Keikis enjoyed a short stack of Almond Joy pancakes (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RziSeEnGuGZ-SfEMFhZXrg&userid=6b-xMDKuXglIDVRf08eKJg) and the combo meal that came with bacon, hash browns, eggs and a red velvet baby stack (no picture, sorry...my little girl inhaled it).  Everything was delicious.  We may have ventured off the strip, but we made our own smorgasbord here.  Service was sufficiently friendly and there is plenty of parking.  We will definitely be back when we visit this area again!
3	Pretty interesting place, which has different tasting pancakes. The red velvet was whatevers, but the carrot cake was very unique and pretty good. I opted for the adobo fried rice omelet. It's not that bad.
3	Decent food. Decent service. This is the second visit for us. The bacon pancakes are good. It definitely gets crowded but we sat at the counter so we were seated right away. We will try it a third time.
5	Great food as well as great service.
4	Red velvet pancakes, & lemon ricotta pancakes delicious!Next, banana cream pie pancakes.Staff is friendly but a little slow when we were there.This is not for the Vegas tourist if you like the strip. It is where the locals eat and it's fabulous.
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for a really good brunch spot outside of the strip on this Sunday morning and lo & behold, we found one that went above and beyond our expectations! And since we decided to sit at the bar, we cut the hour-long wait! Now I love my pancakes, and I love red velvet, so when you put the two of them together, I don't think you can really go wrong. And their red velvet pancakes were oh-so right! I ordered the country fried steak with the babystack of red velvet and my boyfriend ordered the adobo fried rice, also with the red velvet -- SO SO GOOD! ESPECIALLY the pancakes! It tasted like fluffy clouds of red velvet goodness in my mouth, topped with delicious cream cheese syrup! I almost forgot I ordered anything else, my steak was so neglected! The adobo fried rice was pretty awesome too! Super flavorful and wrapped in egg like a burrito -- I ate most of my boyfriend's plate. I only took off a star because after we finished eating, we were kind of neglected and had to wait at least 20 minutes for our check. But don't go here without ordering their red velvet pancakes! You will absolutely regret it!
5	YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!I'm so happy your here Baby Stacks Cafe...  So much closer... and a little tiny bit larger.Same menu.... some of the same delightful staff... The only thing is.... at the other location they'd say-  "20 minutes..."Here... they say 30.   whaaaaaaaat?  I still love you.  I still love your red velvety pancakes and Huntington Omelets.... and 20 other types of pancakes.  We ate there twice last week.  Just saying.  I love you.
4	Love to find good breakfast spots!  This place has lots of pancakes and they all sounded good.  I tried the Red Velvet and Banana Creme Pie.  Both were good but needed more topping as they were a bit dry.  I look forward to trying more varieties on the next visit. Service was very good, especially considering the high volume of customers.
5	Usually it's me asking to return to a brrfst place-my husband keeps requesting this one,lolHe was very skeptical on the red velvet pancakes,but when both me and the child raved about the ones we tried at the partner place, baby cakes, he ordered them. we both did, and as usual, phenomenal.Also, we both never eat just sweet things for brrfst, so he ordered country fried steak and eggs w/ hash browns and coffee, I ordered bacon/eggs/hash browns with coffee. I usually won't order something like country fried steak unless a place is known for it, but after I tastes his, i was sad i didn't order that. Mine was good, but his was awesome.So round two (we've been twice in 2 wks-bought groupon NOW deals both times)-this time i got the special-orange creamsicle pancakes with corn beef hash (another thing I typically won't order unless they're known for it)...hubby got an omelet with red velvets again :)My pancakes=TDF. they tasted like those pillsbury rolls in a can you twist to pop open then cook in the over...comes with a orangey frosting? these taste like those!!!! My corn beef hash,sadly was eh. whatever i just won't order it next time!Btw-this place has a bit of an island theme to it-they serve kahlua pork, side of steamed rice as substitute for toast, potatoes, etc, and various other islandy things.If you dig breakfast joints, don't miss this one, or its counterpart baby cakes. they are both on buffalo, just one north and one south!
5	You better know what to order. The adobo omlette and the loco moco is really good
4	Cool spot to try when you're in Vegas. This place is known for its red velvet pancakes. I'm not too much into eating sweets or pancakes for that matter, but I can tell you this, this place was good and so were their red velvet pancakes. Also got to try their rocky road pancake and i'll tell you, it was better than the red velvet pancakes that's for sure. I think it was just better to me because it's just my kinda taste, I prefer chocolate over red velvet any day, but I highly suggest getting the red velvet pancakes anyways, because every here seems to like it. Overall having breakfast here was good, they have different stuff to choose from other than pancakes such as bacon and eggs and stuff. If you decide to come here, do be prepared though to wait awhile, this place seems to always be packed.
3	I would've given this place 5 stars but they lost our tickets and our food took almost an hour to come. Good thing my cousin and I were catching up and talking but still, the wait was way too long. They apologized though and food was of course, yummy.I ordered the Portugese Sausage, Eggs and Seasoned Potatoes combo. I replaced the usual Buttermilk Pancakes to Red Velvet while my cousin ordered the Chocolate Chip.Food was super super yummy but like I said, the wait was ridiculous for us. I'll definitely go back and hopefully the wait won't be too long.
4	I love this restaurant, both locations are amazing. The spot off of Smoke Ranch and Buffalo is a little smaller than the one on Flamingo and Buffalo but the food is absolutely the same. I love this take on Hawaiin and Breakfast Food, definitely something different and the pancake variety is crazy good. I personally do not care for pancakes but here, they are irresistable, super moist and fluffy and pretty much any topping you could wish for. One of my favorite dishes tho is the spam omellete, omg... I really don't understand what spam is, nor do I want to, but fried... it is one of the most amazing meats(?) ever!! I love the little sesame & seawood stuff they sprinkle on the rice, what a unique breakfast. The prices aren't too bad either, for the food, I think its worth it, something off the strip and outside of the box.
5	Baby Stacks is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Las Vegas.  Good service and great food.  Expect a wait.  It is a popular place.
3	Food's OK.  The staff wasn't that attentive, often the employees would huddle up and talk among their peers and forget about customer service all together.  When you try getting the waiters attention. They have this smirk on their face like they don't want to be bothered look.  If you the employee is or was having a bad day, then please don't pass that negative energy onto the customers.
3	Pretty good place for breakfast. I wasn't a big fan of all the pancake flavors. Too sweet for breakfast I think. The non-sweet dishes were pretty good and I'd come back for those and just get a regular stack if I ever come back.
5	Awesome food at a great affordable price!
5	The food was awesome and the price is right! My favorites are the red velvet pancake and the carrot cake pancakes! Yumm!
5	I've been here several times. Went again for breakfast this morning. The red velvet pancakes are delicious! My friend ordered biscuits and gravy, which were seriously the best I've had. The strawberry pancakes are good as well. Good food and good service, no complaints
4	I really liked the carrot cake pancakes ESPECIALLY because of the cream cheese syrup. I think that made the dish, even though it's more like dessert than breakfast. Service was pretty quick, if not super friendly.Locally owned is a plus, but minus for the location (wish it was closer to me).
5	This is definitely a must go to when you're in Vegas. It's a ways away from the Strip but worth the trip - especially for the fluffy pancakes. I'm not really a pancake person unless they're stuffed with chocolate chips of made of red velvet. And these gave the Buttermilk Truck cakes a run for their money. My potatoes were a tad bland but after sampling everyone else's breakfasts I can say everything else was delish! Our waiter was everything a waiter should be and we didn't wait more than 5 minutes when our table was ready even though we had been told there was a 45 minute wait. I was a happy gal after breakfast.
1	If you plan on coming here, don't arrive an hour before they close. The servers don't seem to care at all if you're waiting to be greeted, what I would like to drink, and most of all... take my order and get my order right. I waited nearly over 20 mins. to get my drink order then I literally had to stand up and see all the servers hanging around the cashier laughing and not giving a damn. I said *out loud.. Can I pleeeeease order? The next reaction just stunned me. All three just looked away and looked down as if they were checking their phones and counting money?!??? Seriously??? After one server was finished with whatever bs she was doing, she walked up to my table like nothing and asked me what I want to get. At this moment, I'm already disgusted by the service here. I told Felisha, my server a short stack of Macadamia Nut and Carrot Cakes.. also Portuguese sausage and eggs.. for an extra charge, I substituted with egg whites. From how things are going, I also asked for two to go boxes, because I wasn't going to stay much longer. Waiting is Riiiiidiculous here.My pancakes came and unfortunately both were tasteless and dry even with all that syrup and cream cheese toppings. Then my server brings the egg whites separate and the Portuguese sausage separate.. I'm like.. you have to be kidding me right?!! Does she not know I came here before and order this very dish to know she messed up on my order. Since she never came around after dropping off my food I waved down to catch another server/busser? and asked him... doesn't the Portuguese sausage and eggs come with hash browns??? He looked so puzzled and slowly said yes..... yes "wait" a minute. Then another five minutes later my server comes by and said oh I thought you wanted them separate. I told her no I ordered the Portuguese sausage and eggs entree. It does come with hash browns right? She goes.. yes here you go and was about to turn around and walk away... Not so fast... I told her.. Excuse me... she turned around and I go, since I ordered the entree.. it includes a side of pancakes doesn't it?? She goes.. yes it does. I look at her and she looks at me like yea so?!? I told her.... Soooo am I going to get a side of pancakes or ??? She goes well what kind you want? I'm like whatever kind comes with this entree. She goes well we have buttermilk or for an extra charge red velvet. I told her I just want what comes with the entree. If I didn't say anything, she wasn't even going to bother correcting my order and think I haven't dined here.. more so think I don't know what this entree includes. Not that slick sweetheart. I'm going to get what I'm paying for not half ass. That right there was wrongly done. Not nice to treat a repeat guest or any guest for that matter. The hash brown was semi-cooked, portuguese sausage was over cooked and extremely dry like burned wood chips. The only thing that came out good out of this experience was the eggs whites. I can't believe the service here and the worst part is it WASN'T even busy at all. Unacceptable.Thank goodness I asked for my to go boxes, it came in handy and again, I had to ask a different server/cashier if I can get a container cover for the syrup and cream cheese. This place should be called Long Wait that Stacks Up, because obviously that's all I experienced here. And of course the sneaky server Felisha that tried to get away in not offering me the pancakes that came with the meal. Lazy. Even though it's the last hour, you should always treat the guest as if they are your first, middle, or last. They are still your guest!!!
3	The food is delicious (red velvet pancakes and banana cream pancakes) but while the service was friendly, they were not attentive.
5	Hands down one of the best breakfasts that my wife and I have had in a long time.  Forget calorie counting though as many of the pancake dishes are loaded with sugar.  Wife had the red velvet and I think she was moaning.  I had a new dish...banana cream pie pancakes.  I didn't want to talk while eating...just enjoy and enjoy.  We went during the week so didn't have any of the problems that other reviewers had...no wait and very friendly waiter.  No complaints at all!
5	My husband and I have been here 3 times in 4 weeks....which for us is impressive. We love the red velvet pancakes!! Oh my goodness! Our goal is to try every pancake.   I also typically order Roy's omelette which is chicken adobo minced with rice then wrapped in an omelette. Though the last time I ordered this to go and the rice wasn't fully cooked. I'm positive they would have fixed this if I was eating in.    Anyway, try this place!
5	So good, there verity makes it fun to goBack and try something new
2	We made the long drive to the original location because that address was listed on our KSHP gift certificate.  On arrival the hostess told us there would a 30-40 minute wait and advised us to go to their new location where our certificate would be honored.  After about a 15 minute drive and 5-10 minutes wait, we ordered short stacks of the banana cream pie pancakes that I so enjoyed on our last trip.  The batter must have been too thick because our pancakes were noticeably thicker and drier. A big disappointment.
3	I'm a really big fan of BabyStacks Cafe so it pains me to have to give them 3 stars. Maybe it is just their new location as I have never had a problem at their Summerlin location. (5 stars for Summerlin location)We arrived at about 12:50PM today, more than an hour before they closed. Our server wasn't bad but the food took 30+ minutes. Maybe it's because there was a party of 16 ahead of us.By the time our food got here, our milks were warm. My friend told the server and he got him a new one, which was nice.I've never had a problem with the food here but this time my red velvet pancakes were dry on the outside. So were my friends' strawberry pancakes. And our bacon was burnt to a crisp. I don't like to complain and we had already said something about the milk so we didn't say anything. I'n still a fan of BabyStacks. This one's closer to our house but we decided that we would make the extra drive next time. I don't know if we will be returning to this location.
4	we meet again, red velvet pancakes!more open space and seats available; less crowded than the other location. friendly staff and new specials on the menu. ordered the spam scramble - scrambled eggs with diced spam sprinkled with sesame and seaweed seasoning, served with rice and macaroni salad. i love breakfast and although it might be simple, it's very comforting. i'm use to eating spam, eggs, and rice as a kid. also ordered red velvet pancakes on the side and it comes with cream cheese syrup. yes, i said it - cream cheese syrup! will definitely come back again and try other things on the menu (especially the other types of pancakes)! check out the picture i posted.
5	This place by far has the best pancakes especially the red velvet pancakes. Good staff, and quick service. Place is a bit small so u will have to wait atleast 15 min
2	Based on these reviews, I'd say we went on a bad day.We went on the Yelp! recommendation... so you guys, prove me wrong lolThe places was unreasonable crowded and packed in and was unbreakable loud.The services was clumsy and slow.Coffee... not too tasty.The cakes were just okay, nothing exciting.We'll try it again soon, maybe on a weekday.
4	i am a HUGE pancake/waffle fanatic. a friend of mines, who lives in las vegas, kept talking about babystacks red velvet pancake. i wanted to see what the hype was all about, so he took me there for brunch.i admit, it's pretty darn good. i fell in love with the fluffy, red pancakes drizzled with cream cheese syrup. it definitely fulfilled my sweet tooth.can't wait to come back to try some of their other specialty pancakes.
5	oh my word, can you say RED VELVET PANCAKES!! Dee-licious!!I had the toppings on the side b/c I read previous reviews it was too much, good thing b/c it would have been a hot mess!Anyhow, good coffee, awesome fresh eggs, and again RED VELVET PANCAKES!!Highly Recommend it!
5	We came to the south location after we found out there is a 30-45min wait at their summerlin location on a Sunday morning. We ordered the short stack red velvet pancake meal with bacon, eggs and hashbrown, and honey french toast for ~24. - No wait at the South location. Great timing! 1145am. - Friendly service. very quick with refills, extra syrup, and hot sauces. - Huge french toast! very fluffy. love the whip cream and cinnamon- Thick slabs of bacon! comes with 4 pieces. way more than dennys. haha- yummy red velvet pancake. the icing makes it taste so much better!^___^!!!
3	Ooooo baby baby ooooo baby baby! I decided to throw in some Sal-N-Pepa for ya'll. This cafe spot serves a lot of different style of pancakes from banana to red velvet to s'mores! Yeah, s'mores and even rocky road! Seems more like dessert if you ask me. But, heck, why not have dessert for breakfast!I had the banana short stack pancakes with egg whites and home potatoes. It pretty good! No real complaints...only thing is that I felt I was eaten small french fries with the potatoes :p.The red velvet pancakes my boyfriend got tasted like a flat cake lol...but then again, that's what a pancake is, somewhat.Friendly service, you get in and out quick, and the prices are reasonable.
4	Creative assortment of food, huge portions, friendly staff... BabyStacks was so good we hit 'em up back-to-back days during our Vegas trip. We tried the Kahlua Pig Benedict (smoky goodness), BYOB. (built  my own omelet - egg whites, bacon, spinach, cheese, topped with green sauce - HUGE), Adobo Fried Rice (wasn't a fan, but a staple for everyone else), Spam, Eggs, and Rice and Corned Beef Hash and Eggs (need no further explicative needed), and they all came with pancakes. Not your everyday buttermilk Bisquick pancakes, but pancakes the BabyStacks way. Represented in order of deliciousness, we had Butterfinger (peanut butter batter, seriously... yeah), Orange Creamsicle with cream cheese sauce (really... yeah really, that's what the ice cream man said), Almond Joy (get a glass of milk for this chocolate, coconut wonder), Smores (build me a campfire, cause I'm eating), Banana Cream ("What's that behind you?" as I finish your monkey stack), and White Chocolate Macadamia (stick to this in cookie form). All-in-all, a great way to start your day (afternoon in Vegas) is at BabyStacks.
4	Babystacks and I have a love-hate relationship. Actually, it's mostly love. I just HATE the fact that this delicious breakfast place is literally ONE MINUTE from my house while I'm on this dreaded diet! Other than that, it's also love that it's so close. From the outside, this place doesn't look like much. In fact, I was never curious about what this place was until my bestie invited me here for breakfast. BUT, as soon as you step in, you seriously feel like a character on Animal Crossing. The inside is SHO CUTE! It has an adorable and homey ambience that I just love! The service was also great and friendly! If you're looking for a great breakfast/brunch I suggest opting out for the skillets! They have so many combinations and possibilities for them. They also come with pancakes that you can replace with special pancakes for only ONE DOLLAH! I know that everyone talks about their Red Velvet pancakes, but I'm not a huge fan of chocolatey goodness first thing in the morning (ironic I know). Instead, I am in love with their CARROT PANCAKES! Give them a chance! They are delish! I always ask for the cream-cheese syrup on the side. They are fluffy and cooked to absolute perfection. Their BANANA CREAM pancakes are also delicious! It tastes just like an actual banana cream pie (amazing I know). As a huge fan of french toast, I'm definitely looking forward to trying it here on my next visit! If you're looking for a great little breakfast place, BabyStacks is the way to go! I always leave here with a food coma!
5	Heard great things about this place and finally decided to check it out. Arrived shortly after noon and the place was packed. I was surprised at how small the place was. The estimated wait time they gave was pretty accurate and we were seated within 20 mins or so. My husband had the red velvet pancakes and loved it. I had the skillet and thought it was pretty good. Service was good as well.
5	This is a must for my bf and me every time we head to Vegas.  As soon as we grabbed our rent a car this past weekend, we came here.  It was around 10am and the wait was about 15 min.  But hey, it was a Sunday and anywhere breakfast spot it going to be busy.  I ordered the macadamia nut white chocolate pancakes and a side of bacon.  The pancakes come in a reg stack which is 6 or a short stack which is 3.  The three is plenty for me and I usually can only eat two. The pancakes are full of macadamia nuts and sprinkled with mini white choco chips.The side of bacon is three nice, crispy, thick pieces that aren't greasy.  Just thinking about this is making for hungry.My bf ordered the red Velvet pancakes the first time we went and they were pretty good.  He loved them, but I'm not the biggest fan of red velvet.  This time around he ordered the corn beef hash, which hash browns, and he upgraded his pancakes to the Almond Joy ones.  Man those pancakes were so yummy.  Chocolate pancakes with a ton of coconut in them.  Who wouldn't love those?The service is always friendly, the food comes out pretty quick despite them being always busy, and I can't wait till our next trip to Vegas so I can eat some yummy pancakes.
4	This location is larger than their location to the north.  But the wait time can still be horrendous late mornings on the weekend. Still the food was still as good as the original location.  The red velvet pancakes still rocked and the breakfast burrito (an occasional special) was excellent.  Good stuff!
4	I heard nothing but good things about this spot from my Las Vegas family, so I decided to try it out.  There were 6 of us.  Upon walking in the door, the hostess just kind of looked up and I had to initiate conversation. Ok, fine I wont judge the restaurant based on her. She did warm up when I was paying, but who doesn't like money? Now on to the most important part: the food! I had spam, eggs, and rice with furikake. Pretty standard, can't screw that up. It was good, nothing to write home about. But what I will rave about are the Cinnabun pancakes! Wow! It still doesnt beat my favorite banana brown sugar at Hash house, but these are also amazing.  My Dad had the Banana Cream Pie pancakes and those were also delicious, but I like cinnamon so I preferred my own.  This place is pretty solid, and the locals think so too cause this place was packed on a weekday! I would eat here again, no questions asked.
5	Perfect hashbrowns. And dear god, the Carrot cake pancakes.... Mmmmmm. I think I died and went to breakfast heaven! Every weekend I consider driving from Southern California to Vegas just for the Carrot Cake Pancakes.
4	Red Velvet pancakes. The cream cheese frosting/syrup is insanely good. We'll definitely be back very soon.Oh yea we also had some breakfast foods to go with the pancakes. Good but not as good as the red velvet.
5	Listen to your YELP friends, people. This place is good for one thing and one thing only: PANCAKES. My girlfriend and I got here after waking up late on Sunday morning with an epic sweet tooth. She was craving chocolate cake so I figured this would be a great spot. It was semi crowded by the time we got there. They told us it would be about 15 minutes, but we were given the option of sitting at the dining counter within 5 minutes. We aren't picky, so we took it! (One star here for under-promising and over-achieving. BabyStacks does a good job of over estimating wait times and then having you seated before your estimated wait time expires. This is great, in my opinion. Nothing bugs me more than being told 15 minutes and waiting 40.) Ashley ordered the red velvet pancakes. She knew what she was getting before we even got there. I ordered the eggs and bacon with white chocolate macadamia nut pancakes ($1 upcharge for their specialty pancakes - well worth it). Let me say this: the rest of their breakfast foods aren't all that great. The bacon actually didn't taste very good and the eggs were nothing special. The only reason I ordered them was because I figured I should get some protein in me. However, in all honesty, if you're coming here, you should be coming for pancakes and not expect much else. The home fries or breakfast potatoes were also pretty bland, as if they came from a frozen bag. However, I'm still going to give 5 stars because I have never tasted better pancakes in my life. Ashley's red velvet pancakes came with cream cheese type syrup. They were UNBELIEVABLY MELT IN YOUR MOUTH DELICIOUS. My white chocolate macadamia nut pancakes were also good - not as good as hers - but still very soft, delicious, and with white chocolate morsels that were half melted into the pancakes. MMMM. So, seriously guys, when a restaurant names themselves after PANCAKES and specialize in PANCAKES, don't order something other than PANCAKES. :)
5	Great place. Leftovers aren't so great and the loco moco tasted a bit off; however the breakfast food there is delicious and very cheap especially with a large group.
5	As a kid growing up in the south, we'd eat cream of wheat in the winter months, on Sundays, mom would make biscuits and soft boiled eggs with sausage and bacon. Occasionally we'd get to eat pancakes, granted there were seven of us in all, so we were taking turns puring the batter and flippin cakes, and sometimes, we only got one.   My mom never made them different by adding banana slices, or topped off with chocolate sprinkles, so for me, seeing BabyStacks selection, and my love for deserts, I feel I am getting the best of both worlds.   This is a great breakfast place.  You can get your usual items, like omelets, eggs, bacon and sausage, but you can also get a variety of pancakes.  There are plain old fashion cakes, and then there are the "gourmet" cakes as I call them.  I think that BabyStacks  was the first place I heard of that took flavors like red velvet and smores and made them into a pancake.  I love them!
5	This is definitely a highly recommended breakfast spot.  It had all the makings of a great place--great food, great service, comfortable seating, etc.  Both locations are a bit of hump off the strip, but are great places to hit up after a weekend of binge drinking and other unsavory activities up to and including: donkey shows, midget lap dances, dice games at the MGM west wing alley way entrance, passing out nudie flyers.  I had the adobo omelette and shared a short stack of the red velvet pancakes with the lady.  Besides creativity, the omelette was pretty spot on.  No surprises here with the chicken adobo fried rice wrapped in an omelette.  Just good eats.  I could make a recommendation of trying to use pork instead of chicken next time.The omelette also came with what could possibly be the best macaroni salad I've had in my life.  Rich and creamy with a possible hint of garlic or something magical, it left me wanting more and licking the tiny bowl the serving came in.For the piece de resistance--red velvet pancakes.  Seems like a great idea in theory and even better in practice at babystacks.  The pancakes had a perfect melding of  cake and pancake texture while maintaining that subtle red velvet taste.  The cream on top was absolutely phenomenal and I would definitely consider that as a bath water substitute.  All in all, great place with great food and service. Like I said, it is now a Vegas tradition of mine and you might want to consider making it one of your as well.  Unless, your leaving Vegas tradition is something like midget lap dances.  That sounds way better...
5	This is the first restaurant that I have been to where I want to try everything on the menu.  I order something different every time. The service is good and the food is amazing!!  One of my favorite breakfast places!
4	I've only been once, but I got the white chocolate macadamia nut pancake and it was pretty yummy. Red velvet seems to be popular but I'm not a fan of red velvet. Really liked my white chocolate. You can order short or full. Short has 3 pancakes (and that's more than enough for me). Haven't tried anything else (aside from the sausage links but that's nothing special to review about). Will update next time I visit! :)
2	It was okay. No big wait but I had a groupon deal. I wouldn't go back unless I had another. And even then if I saw another groupon I probably wouldn't bother buying it. The food was nothing to rave about. It was just blah.
5	Great breakfast choices, luv the sausage. Pancake choice amazing. Hard to decide what to eat, this place is well worth checking out.
4	This place exceeded our expectations.  While overall reviews are good, there are some indications that we might not love it.  Well, we really enjoyed it!  We were a group of 4 and we ordered a variety of dishes  - bacon, scrambled eggs, fried eggs, Portuguese sausage, and pancakes.  I had the banana cream pie pancakes and they really tasted like banana cream pie.  If you like banana cream pie, you will love these pancakes.  My friends had carrot cake, cinnabun and bacon pancakes.  They were all well received but the bacon pancakes had a complaint that they were lacking a bit in the bacon department.   I didn't not try them, but they did not look like they were super infused with bacon as they should be.The only major complaint we had was service.  When we first arrived we asked if they had fresh brewed iced tea and the woman taking our drink order said no.  We saw a pitcher of what looked like iced tea sitting on the counter top.  We asked our waiter when he came to take our order and he said that was indeed iced tea.  Apparently the woman who took our order did not speak english very well.  Hmm...that's a bit problematic.  We also had to ask twice to get coffee refills.  Other than those small flaws, everything was delicious and we left stuffed and happy.
4	Red Velvet Pancakes are their claim to fame and deservedly so. The flavor is just right, not bland at all and definitely not too sweet. Other menu items that are worth checking out are the Huntington Omelet, Corned beef hash and eggs, country fried steak... I must say, the adobo fried rice wasn't that great. Not as tasty as I thought it could be. Their seasoned potatoes need a little bit more seasoning as well... Otherwise, a good mom and pops style breakfast joint. Expect a wait though!!!
5	Found this place via Groupon and wanted to try it out based on the stellar reviews. My bf and I have enjoyed everything we've ordered from here during our two visits. Our waitress was friendly and prompt. The food has a delicious Hawaiian flare. Laid back atmosphere- great service- yummy food- I'm sold! Ps: give the lemon ricotta stack a try- FaNtAsTiC!
5	We have been to this location 3 times now and love it.  The service is friendly and the food is great!   I have never had a bad meal (well I take that back).  There was only one dish that wasn't as good as it could be, but that was probably how I ordered it.  You can tell that the ownership is Hawaiian by the menu and the decor.Red Velvet pancakes:  TO DIE FOR!  The cream cheese syrup is super sweet so use sparingly.  They are so wonderful though!Carrot cake pancakes:  Very good, but tough to live up to the red velvet that every other review praises.  The chicken and chili omelet:  very well balanced, but a bit larger then I really needed with the pancakes, we can not finish both and always have extras. Honey toast: flavor very good, this is a good version of french toast and I would recommend it for anyone who is looking for a sweet breakfast dish.I can not remember the exact name but this is what I ordered incorrectly: the skillet of eggs, potatoes, and pork with salsa on the side was a bit dry. This can be either ordered as a skillet or as an omelet (opt for the omelet).  the ingredients were good.Overall, these were great meals and I have recommended BabyStacks to friends in the culinary industry.  This is a big compliment.
4	Pros:  kalua pig egg benedic was very favorful.  Red velvet pancakes moist and yummy.  Loco moco was winners!Cons:  seating-we had a party 3 and waited for about 30 minutes, which isnt bad for a sunday morning.  However they were seating parties of 2 right when they walked in??!!  That was a bit annoying, esp when there was about 4-5 parties of 2 being seated before you!
4	The best breakfast!!! If it's your first time, you have to try the velvet pancakes. I have tried almost everything on the menu and cannot complain. I don't frequent this place because I will not be able to control myself. I usually come here if I'm with someone from out of town. This place gets pretty busy so expect a wait, but it's worth it. Staff always attentive and food always good. Wish this place was a little bigger.
4	we came with my family on a tuesday morning and i ordered cora's corned beef hash and eggs with blueberry pancakes. - i got the garlic fried rice. my meal was essentially an americanized filipino breakfast. haha. woulda been better with filipino corned beef (onions and tomatoes :] ). - blue berry pancakes were ordinary. nothing special, but still tasted great.
4	First time at this place and it was a winner!  No wait time on a Sunday, though the waiting area was full.  We were a party of two, so we lucked out on an open table.  My omelet came out incorrectly, but the waiter was helpful in fixing the situation.  I upgraded to the Red Velvet pancakes.  I'm a huge fan of Red Velvet cupcakes, so I had to give it a shot.  It was so yummy, moist, and just all around delicious!  I will definitely come back for more!
4	The first time I've heard about red velvet pancakes!! I had to try it, so I went to the only location they had up which was in North buffalo. Ordered the red velvet pancakes and wow! It was just as how my friends described it! They have a closer one to me now so I go there all the time. The price is very reasonable! Its a must try for sure! The staff is just awesome and very friendly!
2	Okay, right off the bat I need to state that I am a Goin-Out-TO-Breakfast fiend. It is my favorite meal to eat out. It's simple. It's relaxing. It's friendly. It's a uncomplicated. A good breakfast joint still offers value, a sense of community and belly full of warm yummy goodness.I learned to appreciate the beauty of a great breakfast joint at a place called the Red Hill Coffee Shop in Rancho Cucamonga Ca. Side note; It used to be just Cucamonga but then the powers that be got together and decided that tacking a Rancho on the front made it sound less looney tunish...... Nice try. So Red Hill Coffee Shop is the breakfast that all breakfast joints are judged by in my little world. And one of the things, among many, that place it on that oh so lofty pedestal are the hashbrowns.Their hashbrowns are the shredded variety. Wonderfully crispy and brown on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. Each bite giving you that beautiful contrast of textures and when you get a little bit of the egg or syrup in that bite an added dimension of flavor. Another thing that makes the hashbrowns at RHCS so noteworthy; they don't hold back on the portion.And that brings me to the point of this 2 star review. I live right around the corner from the S Buffalo location of Baby Stacks. I've seen the yelp and other reviews that have praised this place. I've noticed that it's fairly busy. But in Vegas I always take user reviews with a grain of salt. And that grain of salt gets bigger the closer you get to Summerlin. After all, this is the town in which the readers of the RJ consistently name PF Chang's the best Chinese restaurant (?). So I stopped by BS this morning and ordered a side of hashbrowns to go. I didn't have time to sit down and eat a full breakfast. I figured a side of hashbrowns would be a good bell-weather for me. And I have to say it was. You ever go to a Denny's, which I haven't done in 20 years, and when the food comes you look at the hashbrowns and think, "Really?"?  Well in the case of the hashbrowns I got at BS this morning "Really?" would have been a stretch. It was a $3.18 smidgen of fried shredded potatoes. My 16 y/o called them an "epic fail". I'm not usually an overly anal person. Obviously I love my hashbrowns but I felt I needed to quantify the ridiculousness of this order of hashbrowns, so I weighed them. With the togo container they weighed in at an anemic 2 oz. $3 for 2 oz of hashbrowns? Really? That's $24 a pound. This review has gone on way too long already to get into the millions of prepared foods that I can get for less than $24 a pound.BS, I'm sure all your food is as wonderful as your many customers point out. I think it's great that you are a mom and pop business making a go of it. That in and of itself is praiseworthy. But come on, potatoes are cheap. The griddle is always running. It takes little effort to keep the hashbrowns flowing and plentiful. They are a low overhead item that makes people say to their friends, "Great breakfast joint, and you should see the hashbrowns."Long after the trendy red velvet thing has passed, people will still love going out to breakfast.
5	Best pancakes EVER! Enough said. Can't vouch for anything else though...so you're on your own. Seriously, if you find yourself in Las Vegas with a car or money in your pocket for a 4 mile taxi ride (against traffic so it's only about 10 minutes), then make sure to visit BabyStacks Cafe #2. It is well worth the visit and a good break from all the nasty cafe food on the strip!!!
4	Simply amazing. Waiting is definitely a pain but the food is just so good. Red Velvet pancakes were delicious and Adobo Fried Rice was like a taste of home.
5	Best Red Velvet pancakes. Something about it is just so so good. I've had my fair share of red velvet pancakes, and this place by far makes the best.  I've had a lot of things on their menu and they were all super duper good. A must place to eat for breakfast or brunch.
4	How badly did we want to eat here?  So bad...that we walked in the blistering heat to catch a bus, walk some more...just to get here!  I only had one thing on my mind...lemon ricotta pancakes with cream cheese syrup.  Add that to spam, eggs, and garlic rice...and I've got my perfect breakfast. The pancakes were everything I thought they would be.  They were crepe style...great consistency...squeeze a lemon on top...and then bam!  Cream cheese syrup for the win!  Service was fantastic...Only thing is...would I go through all that to come back here again?  Prob not...unless we rented a car.  But I thought the breakfast was worth every dollar...great stuff!
5	I come to BabyStacks Cafe every time I'm in Vegas. Usually I go to the original location but my girlfriends and I decided to try this one out since it's closer to the Strip. We arrived around 9am and were hoping there was no line (there's always one at the original location). We must have been lucky because we didn't wait at all for a table for 5 on a Saturday morning! Don't waste your time here. The only items worth ordering are the red velvet pancakes and the adobo fried rice. That's it. Both dishes are amazing and you really can't get them anywhere else.
5	If I had to rank the meals in the day, Breakfast would be dead last for me.  There are a few reasons for this:   1) My lactose intolerance limits a lot of the cheesy/milky items I would normally want to order, and I don't like starting my day with an angry tummy.   2) I usually don't have time (weekdays) or motivation (weekends) to really go anywhere to grab something.  On this Sunday, I had to drop off a friend who had a little too much to drink last night as well as a tux rental to Men's Wearhouse, and decided it seemed like a good day to try a breakfast place I'd heard a lot about.  You know, carpe diem and all that.Upon walking into Babystacks, I wasn't surprised to see a large crowd sitting around waiting for a table, and we signed in and were told it'd be a 15-25 minute wait.  Quick sidenote: While we were seated near the door, my friend pointed out a black widow spider crawling along the floor that went underneath our bench.   I did the good Samaritan deed and promptly stood up and switched seats.  It looked harmless, really.  Once seated I ordered an orange juice which I'd forgotten was so expensive when eating out.  I naturally ordered a full order of Red Velvet pancakes, because if I'm going to blow up my insides with lactose goodness, I'm going all the way.  A short time later I was presented with a beautiful plate of 6 huge, red pancakes with the fixings.  The first bite was heaven, and 15 minutes later, the last bite was heaven.  I can't really add anything that probably hasn't already been said about them.   The rumors are true, the hype is justified, the pancakes are freaking delicious.Next time I would switch it up and probably just get a 1/2 order with some side order of something savory.  The couple next to us ordered some sort of skillet or plate with some lovely pieces of cooked animal flesh that were really disarming to me as I continuously shoved my mouth full of candy in pancake form.   Yes, next time I need bacon with my candy.Service was fine, though it did take a little while for the waitress to take our order after we got our drinks.  Obviously it was packed so I was understanding of it, and once the food arrived, no complaints.  The prices are very reasonable.  Now I just need one closer to my house that delivers, and breakfast can be making a strong case for being #2 after dinner.
2	So it's a busy labor day brunch. Seriously packed OR there were just a ton of college (highschool acting) kids waiting to be seated. My wait was only about 10 -15 minutes-ish, which is fine for me.Was sat down and ordered the scrambled eggs with diced spam and furikake on rice. I know, so Hawaiian of me. My friend ordered biscuit something and something egg. I didn't care, I was just eggs-cited for my egg. Haha, pun intended. Got my food and took a bite of of the scrambled egg and spam. Eh, it's alright. The egg was still runny as if it wasn't cooked enough OR not scrambled enough. The spam was still pink as if it just came out of the can. Oh yeah, especially the rice. I'm Asian and I know what rice is supposed to taste like. It was really undercook, kinda hard and very dry. It wasn't great, it was just undercooked. Been here once before and the food was amazing. Now, I really wouldn't come back on a busy day knowing that BabyStacks Cafe wouldn't be able to maintain the quality of their food regardless of the traffic.
5	Ever since a friend of mine introduced me to BabyStacks, I would come here every time I'm in Vegas.  The food here is really good and the people are nice and friendly.  The Kula pig benedict is delicious.  The pig is moist and tender and the eggs are cooked perfectly.  Their biscuits and gravy are the best I had so far.  Rick's Adobo fried rice is also yummy.  But I do have to say, the red velvet pancakes are to die for!  The fresh whipped cream and the cream cheese syrup with the pancakes is lip smacking good.  I can't wait till the next Vegas trip so that I can get my red velvet pancake fix.
5	Their pancakes are the best! They have everything from red velvet, smores, to even bacon! It's a Filipino/ Hawaiian restaurant so it feels just like home cooking! I love this place. The fried rice adobo omelette was amazing! I can't say enough good things about this place. They're fast and the service is great. I love this place. One of my favorite spots in Vegas for brunch!
4	This place really does have the best red velvet pancakes in Vegas.  Delicious...very fluffy!  And I liked how they have whip cream, chocolate chips and cream cheese to top it of.  The pork adobo fried rice is also really good.  It's wrapped inside a scrambled egg.  The flavor of it is perfect.  I also got the scrambed spam one time; and it's just okay.  I don't think I would get it again; probably just stick to my favorites.  I just wished the restaurant was bigger.  Because sometimes we have to make sure we get there early enough to beat the morning people planning to have a LONG breakfast.  Staff is really friendly also (oh, and I have probably mentioned this before in my other reviews; where we have noticed that when a restaurant is not busy it seems like you get bad service.  Bad meaning...slower?!  People hanging out at the back or by the bar.  Well, we had this incident once at BabyStacks since we went early.  My husband was waiting for a refill on his coffee and did not get it until 15 minutes later.  Weird, how that works; seems like a place has to be jam packed for people to keep moving).  Oh welll...still good and the price is alright :)
4	Just so you know, they won't seat your entire party until they're all there. They might make exceptions but who knows. This time, I wanted to get the S'mores pancakes but my friend beat me to it. Instead, I wanted the Rocky Road pancakes, but the second friend ALSO beat me to it. That automatically leaves me with the Banana Cream Pie pancakes! There. Good thing I didn't bring a third friend. =_=;I'll always order the SHORT order cause I can't even finish three pancakes. Not now, not ever. I'm not sure what other one I'll try and I really haven't tried their other breakfast dishes since I feel like going through most of their pancake flavors. I've only ever ordered sausage links and they've never failed me (at breakfast joints).If you're a fan of banana cream pie overall, go for this flavor! It'll be a fun adventure to try their flavors =b.
1	I don't do alot of reviews at all but This place is dissapointing i think it is all hype we waited for 30 min before we got sat.Ordered the portugese sausage with garlic fried rice,egg and red velvet pancakes sounds good right? But def not! I coulda made the garlic rice waaayyy better at home! It was like it was drenched in oil and they just threw it on the plate...as for the "so called" red velvet pancakes shit is disgusting tastes like pure flower which be covered in their "cheese syrup" if you want the REAL red velvet pancakes i suggest going to Rise & Shine...nuff said
3	This was my first time there ever.  It really bothered me that they won't seat you unless your entire party is there.  It was so empty inside.  It was an okay breakfast place.  It's pretty normal.  They had pancakes, and omelettes and other normal breakfast item.  I ordered the eggs and sausage that came with pancakes and seasoned potatoes or other items.  I paid $1.50 upcharge for the specialty pancakes.  What's the point of going to Babystacks to get regular pancakes.  I ordered the s'mores which were really good.  They have white chocolate chips, marshmallows and little bits of graham cracker shavings.  I usually like to have toast with my eggs because I like to dip my bread in the yolk.  All in all, it was normal for breakfast.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I always order the two egg breakfast. It's cheap and it comes with hash browns and pancakes, which you can always upgrade to the delicious red velvet ones. :)
3	Food: Great. Location: Good.Wait time: Understandable (for a Sunday Morning)Service: Seen better at Cici's (the host did not acknowledge me for 2 solid minutes as I stood directly in front of him AT THE PODIUM [I am 6' tall, I am not hard to miss])Prices: $ (though should be in the $$ range but the portions are generous)
4	Attention all passengers please bring your seat to the upright postion and fasten your seatbelts...What! What? Are we landing already?Having my headset on and blaring AC/DC all I was dreaming about was Babystacks Cafe and those Red Velvet Pancakes!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sNVGdeOPeitJ3OWUQBINzQ?select=iBVAE_AKie8MbW7D7PyvwA#M9rG8nMTXfqbL79IX4tFqA...What? Fasten my What? Ooooo. *Drooling*..Red  Velvet Pancakes pictures and reviews I read about from LV Hawaii born Nelson Q. and other Yeeps.I'm a total believer in BSC , after my first bite into the Red Velvet Pancake I was in love. This truly must be a cake in disguise! (That good). I was not disappointed with my choice to make this my first stop after landing and my 1st bookmarked place to try. What a great way to start the day in Las Vegas!Service was Awesome and Attentive.Located in Flamingo Village Plaza, Babystacks Cafe has ample parking and was easy to find.Yelpers bookmark this place!My LV Trip Bookmark #1
4	Had to try this place out after seeing all the different kinds of pancakes they offer.  We arrived around 11 on a Monday morning and even with a rush at that time there was little to no wait and it quieted down later that hour.  *Note: Your whole party must be present to be seated and parties of 2 get seated more quickly.I ordered a b.y.o. omelette (I ordered mine with Swiss cheese, spinach, and mushroom) which came with potatoes (you can order hash browns instead) and a short stack of omelettes.  For a small charge I upgraded my pancakes to the banana cream pie pancakes.  Everything I ordered was very tasty!  I had some of the white chocolate macadamia pancakes as well and must say I liked the banana cream pie pancakes better.  So glad I went with them after much deliberation!It's a fairly short drive if you're staying on the Strip and there is ample parking in the lot.  They've got a couple of TV's inside which kept us entertained as Chippendales was on the morning news show that was playing ;)  Definitely worth checking out for a tasty breakfast!
3	Large portions not huge, which is good.  Portugese sausage, hash browns, and eggs was what I ordered, it also came with a small stack of buttermilk pancakes.  Hashbrowns were good.  Crispy on the outside and cooked through.  Yolks were nice and runny.  Portugese sausage was, meh.  Not Purity so, oh well.  Pancakes had good flavor but were a bit gummy not "light and fluffy".  Gravy from the chicken fried steak could have stood a little more cook time as it still had that flour taste.  The steak part though had nice flavor and was tender.  The red velvet pancakes, which I tried, was meh.  If they improved the texture of their pancakes it would be a really winner.  We'll see.
5	This is by far the best place I've been to for breakfast! The service was excellent and the food was even better! Highly recommended to all.
5	they have amazing red velvet cakes here! i loved their food.
4	We heard a lot about Baby Stacks from local friends around the area. When I visited their website, the pics looked to good to be true. Here are my thoughts on Baby Stacks:The Good:Holy moly, their breakfast was so good!! They specialize in pancakes, of course. They have a wide variety of just about everything you can think of to mix in to pancake batter. In fact, there were a few specials of pancakes that weren't even on the menu. I had an egg white omelet with a side of rice instead of hash browns. In addition, I ordered a mini side of chocolate chip pancakes. SO GOOD!The Bad:It's hard to eat healthy in this type of breakfast place. Most all of the pancakes and breakfast items are for sure going to be high in calories. But, sometimes you have to treat yourself every once in a while. Oh, also their tables are a bit small for their plate sizes. Other than that, Baby Stacks was great!
4	Yess! My favorite breakfast place is now on the south side of town making it easier for those who don't want to travel all that way up to the northwest. This location is a bit bigger than the original, but of course all the food especially the pancakes still taste the same. I've been here on 2 visits and my most recent I ordered something other than my usual selections of kalua pig benedict and red velvet pancakes. They had a dry erase board with new menu selections and it had things like kalua pig grilled cheese and breakfast sliders. Both sounded delish, but after reading the description of the breakfast sliders it seemed like it was something I could make on my own making me choose the kalua pig grilled cheese! Loved every bite of it because it had a good amount of pork in there and meshed well with all the cheesey goodness. I've heard from friends and from my own personal experience that the other pancake options cannot compare to the red velvet, does anyone know of another pancake they offer that is just as spectacular?P.S. they over estimate the wait time because on several occasions I have been seated sooner than the original time they told me.
5	Amazing! I was a bit skeptical about the red velvet pancakes since the pictures on yelp didn't look that appetizing... But we ordered it anyway and it was delicious! Soft, moist, and tasted just like red velvet! We also got the Kalua pig Benedict and the regular eggs/bacon/pancakes, etc. all in all, the food was great and even though it takes a little more effort to get here since it's off the strip, it's definitely worth it. There wasn't much of a wait since we came on a Tuesday.
3	There are so many breakfast places in town recently and not all of them met up to my expectations, sadly including this. Baby Stacks caught my attention since it's close to my house and have good ratings. This is a small joint and when we came here, it was packed. We had to wait for 20 minutes to get seated. There were so many options on their menu (Hawaiian and Filipino cuisine too) and they all sounded so good. I ordered Cora's Corned Beef Hash with garlic rice and a side of Banana Cream Pie pancake. My bf ordered a full size Banana Cream Pie pancake (ordered this since we saw a lot of people raving about it) with Portuguese sausage on the side. Corned beef hash was good but the garlic rice was a disappointment. It had more onions than garlic. I hardly tasted any garlic in it. My banana cream pie pancake was good at first until I came across some uncooked batter at the bottom. My bf didn't like the banana cream pie pancake since it was too dense for him. We both like fluffy pancakes. The Portuguese sausage was very good but it tasted like the ones we buy packed at the grocery store. It was not made in-house.Maybe next time we will try something else if we ever come back.
3	Weeee pancakes nom nom.Soo this place is a interesting breakfast place. I believe its a asian/filipino/hawaiian style of food, but they also serve a wide assortment of pancakes. Came in with a couple of friends and the place was pretty busy. I didn't know that this location existed, but we were quickly seated. They have alot of the traditional breakfast fare, but they also have a bunch of hawaiian/asian food options as well.We checked out of course what everyone gets: the red velvet pancakes! and the white chocolate macadamia pancakes! These things are more of a dessert rather than a actual dish, pure sugary sweetness. I liked the white chocolate ones but my friends thought they were waaay to sweet. But I think they jus have poor taste. the Red Velvet ones were exactly that, red dyed pancakes, with a interesting cream cheese syrup which sounded out but worked out well. I liked the red velvet, they were good, but I don't think they live up to the immense hype that I heard of.We also ordered another dish, I think Huevos Rancheros or something, but it was obviously forgettable. To be honest, the place is my opinion is good, but it's not as amazing as everyone else makes to seem. The red velvet pancakes are good, and I liked the food, but there are much better breakfast places in town. I would return and I am not opposed to eating here, but its not something I am gonna get excited over either.
4	Two things make Babystacks stand out:1) unique breakfast options2) small, delicious pancakesI thoroughly enjoyed their adobo rice wrapped in egg, Portuguese sausage, and lemon ricotta pancakes. I was worried about getting an unnecessarily large pancake to contented with. Instead, I ordered a modified stack and got two small, thin pancakes. They were moist with a hint of lemon. But for me it was all about the rice. The rice was a vision. Inspired. It is the reason to come back to the restaurant. It was slightly salty and well seasoned. Hubby ordered the sliders, but wasn't impressed with the lack of meat (spam) in the dish.I will be back. But I don't plan to try anything new. I feel like I discovered the best dishes (for me) and I can't wait to go back to have them again.
5	First trimmer, very good.  Will be back to try more of the great pancakes!!!
4	Been meaning to try BabyStacks for sometime, but we finally got over there to give it a try on Saturday afternoon. We were seated at the counter since the tables were full. We didn't mind it. We looked over the menu and the husband chose the Mexican Skillet ($9.95) with Red Velvet pancakes ($1.50). I went with a short order of Banana Cream Pie pancakes ($5.75). Everything was really delicious. The skillet was the perfect blend of savory flavors, the red velvet pancakes followed like dessert and the banana cream pie pancakes weren't overly sweet - thankfully, I was nervous. It was a nice treat. Our server was new and still learning the ropes, but very friendly and attentive. We'll be back.
2	I was very excited to try this place out since I've heard so many good things. Sadly, it did not live up to my expectations. Let's start off with the service...I personally did not find the workers to be friendly. The hostess was very pushy when asking where the rest of my party was when they were right outside of the door! I only found one waitress to be friendly (I forgot to ask for her name) As for the food we got the red velvet pancakes, adobo fried rice, and Mac salad. Their red velvet was just ok, I honestly think IHOP's is better. It just seemed a little cakey if you ask me. The adobo fried rice was just ok and a bit on the salty side. As for the Mac salad it had no taste, it was bland. I would rather have Aloha kitchens Mac salad. So with that being said I won't be going back anytime soon.
5	This place is absolutely one of my favorite breakfast spots.  The red velvet pancakes are to die for, and so are all of the sides.They definitely get slammed on the weekends, which is to be expected, so sometimes you feel rushed by the servers to turn your table as fast as possible.  The decor is quaint and perfect for the establishment and it is a pretty small restaurant overall.  The menu has a decent selection and something for everybody.
4	A surprising mix of breakfast and Filipino/Hawaiian cuisine make this spot a good one to visit. Don't worry, despite the diverse nature of the menu, you can still order traditional pancakes, bacon and eggs, and regular omelets...but why would you want to?? With dishes like the adobo rice omelette and the Kalua pig benedict you should definitely give your taste buds something to write home about. Visit this place and you will not be disspointed.Hot tip: if you come here for breakfast, be ready to wait a few minutes for a place to sit. This place is always crowded
3	No proper greeting. Seemingly too busy to appreciate customers, or provide a positive customer experience. The service was ok. I just do not think that they are equipped to handle the amount of customers that they have. The food was good, but took more than 15 minutes after placing our order. A couple of the items were prepared differently than their other location, usually multiple locations prepare menu items identical.
5	In town for kids' basketball this past August. We found this on yelp, wanted to give it a try. I can't stop thinking about the carrot cake pancakes. And their garlic fried rice. The staff was friendly, willing to offer recommendations, and the food was delicious. There's easy parking, and the place is kid friendly. Good enough for me! Can't wait to go back.
3	Service was good, granted we were the first people there at 7AM on a Wednesday. I was expecting fluffy pancakes and instead, they were really hard. Maybe I just waited too long to eat them. The portions are generous and the coffee is really good.
5	my fav. breakfast joint
3	Service was nice, food was ok.  Had lemon ricotta pancakes, chili omelette, hash browns, and pb & banana babystacks (2 small pancakes).  Lemon ricotta was good but nothing special to rave about. Omelette was smaller than we imagined, probably due to the close up pictures here on yelp.  Eggs were super fluffy but flavor was bland.  Pb pancake was dense and flavorful - even though it was small it was very filling.  Hash browns were typical, small in size.  Oh, also had coffee and grapefruit juice - I wouldn't order the grapefruit juice again.  It seemed water down.  Service was nice and so was ambiance.I hear the line gets ridiculous so I consider us lucky for not having to wait in line to sit (went around 11 am on a Sunday).  Having eaten there now, I don't think it's worth a wait.  I would come back to try the red velvet everyone keeps raving about but otherwise I'd rather go to OPH or Hash Hash.
4	Yummie! Red Velvet Pancakes and Kalua Pork Eggs Benedict were AWESOME!
3	Chicken Adobo fried rice = sounds alot better on the menu, but it tasted kind of bland :(Red velvet pancakes = odd... tasted like a slice of cake in a pancake. I personally liked the plain pancakes better but I guess if you want a slice of cake in your pancake OK.. Depends on your expectations haha All in all decent, not sure I would go out of my way to come here again though
3	Sooooo I have been waiting to try these red velvet pancakes for a loonngg time and I think I got too hyped up and had too high expectations for these. Once I actually tasted the pancakes, my spirits kinda fell. I mean, they were good, but they werent very red-velvety.. like they were just regular red pancakes with delicious cream cheese frosting. Still good but not what I expected. I also got the kalua pork benedict which was done very good however overall as a breakfast place, I would not come back. Their breakfast choices and taste just weren't enough to keep me thinking about it afterwards nor did the red pancakes make a big impression.
4	All I can say is YUUMMM!I had the sausage and eggs and upgraded to garlic rice. The sausage and eggs were good. I mean, I would hope that those items couldn't be messed up. The garlic rice was delicious!! It was served hot as well, which makes everything 100% better. I had the rocky road pancakes and they were just OK. A little bland. I tried some of my friends red velvet pancakes and immediately regretted choosing the other pancakes. They were amazing! Soft, warm, and served with a side of cream cheese. It was truly heaven in my mouth. Overall, it was a good experience and I will be back. I really want to try all the other menu items :)
1	I have always been wanting to go here because of my friends ranting and raving about how amazing it is. Went here on a friday morning, nice and packed which i like to see - means this must be good!I ordered an omelet. Built it myself. Spinach, tomatoes, peppers. Side of fruit and toast. My boyfriend got the red velvet pancakes with bacon and eggs.Oh let us not forget the coffee that was never refilled or that warm to be honest. Nasty. My omelet was oily and bland. Boyfriends pancakes was well.. a cake! Who can't like it? Nothing special really.Never going again.
5	Delicious!  Veggie omelet with red velvet pancakes is a must. Friendly staff and descent prices.
3	This place feels like any other breakfast joint in Vegas. There was about a 20-30 min wait ahead of me. The service was okay. Overall friendly. I had the Portuguese sausage and eggs with the red velvet pancakes. There is plenty of hype about these red velvet pancakes. It pretty much tasted like a cupcake in pancake form. I enjoyed them. But I do have a sweet tooth for things like these. The rest of the breakfast didn't really stand out to me. It was okay. As much as I have a sweet tooth, this place is just okay. I would probably come back just to try other kinds of pancakes.
4	I love red velvet.  Cake, waffles, vodka...I love it all.  So I finally made it to BabyStacks to try their red velvet pancakes and they didn't disappoint.  They were perfect.  Sometimes when you get red velvet food it doesn't taste like red velvet...Its not just chocolate dyed red people!  These were on point.  We also got the piglet omelet, huntington omelet, smores pancakes, banana cream pie pancakes and the kids scramble.  Everyone enjoyed their food.  We went on a Friday morning and there was no wait.  Service wasn't the greatest.  Our waitress was very nice just not very attentive.  Drinks were never refilled, not once, needed a min to look at the menu didn't come back for over 15 min while others were seated, got drinks and ordered.  Still she didn't come back.  They weren't busy so it was a little surprising.  My tip: don't say you need a minute.  Took quite awhile to get the check.  The busser had cleared our table and we still sat waiting for the check.  Kinda hard when you have little ones who are ready to go.   Overall, the food was worth the service issues.  Looking forward to trying the carrot cake pancakes next time.
5	the best pancakes I've ever had in my life. Very good service and with my yelp deal. food was free
5	3 words: RED VELET PANCAKES!!!!  Flipping awesome, they have this great little crust texture and are dusted with chocolate.  I know it sounds super rich but that's the great thing it's not.  Just the perfect amount.  The Mexican is great too with carnitas is great but lately they have been a little scimpy on the amount in the omlete. I hope that changes or I'll have to adjust my rating.
3	Food - 4 star average Chicken adobo fried rice is like an omelette with rice inside. Srircha makes it taste amazing. - 4 stars.The loco moco was more like a 2 star dish for me. The meat tasted old, like it had a stink to it, like dirty fridge stink. The meat was also pretty pink on the inside. Not bleeding red, but I don't really like my ground beef on the medium rare side. It definitely set me off and I had to force myself to finish what I had. My brother ordered the same thing, but he said his tasted fine, if not great. He loved it actually. The house potatoes were DELICIOUS! - 5 stars! The buttermilk pancakes were buttery and fluffy. Definitely will order again. - 5 starsAnd last but not least... The red velvet pancakes - 5 stars. I've been dreaming of it since... Service - 2 stars. The service here was lackluster. We (party of 9) came the day after Christmas and boy did we come at the wrong time. They weren't necessarily busy, but we did have to wait a bit. A party of about 20 went in just before us and it was a HORRIBLE idea to stay after that. The host said he'd separate us, which we didn't mind because we already waited about 30 minutes and our party sat on opposite sides of the restaurant, again no problem. But here's the kicker. The party of 20 that came in before us wiped out the kitchen service as there were only TWO cooks that day. We waited over 45 minutes for our food and by the time the food came, everyone was extremely upset. Our server DID notify us 25 minutes into the wait that they were short on staff in the kitchen. But he never checked on us before or after that notification. We should've left after that, but since we saw the food coming out for the party of 20, we waited. Still, we waited a LONG time after. No compensation made for being there for almost 3 hours. 3 precious day after shopping hours. TIP: EVERYONE NEEDS TO BE THERE IN ORDER TO BE SEATED.
5	Bunny's fav breakfast spot in vegas! We always get the adobo fried rice and an order of pankcakes
5	I randomly found this place while I was in Vegas. I woke up early and decided to find a breakfast place with the people I was with. The thing that drew me to this place was the Red Velvet Pancakes. This place was fabulous. I gave them two thumbs up when I saw that they served Spam & Eggs. The red velvet pancakes was good. I also tried the lemon riccotta pancakes and they were good and light. It sound good right now as I'm writing. YUM!!!
4	This is located on Buffalo and Flamingo, slightly south of Flamingo in a plaza on the west side of the street. They only seat a complete party so if you're waiting on friends, tell them to hurry their butts over!I've only gone once, but LOVED it. I'm not usually a pancake fan, but their Strawberry short stack was delicious. I also got to try a bite of the Banana Cream pie which was also delicious, and a bite of Honey Toast. Yeah I took a bite out of everyone's plate around me. :D The service was great, my water was never empty, and I tend to drink a LOT of water at places. Loved every bit of food I had tasted and cannot wait to try more!Oh the short stack really filled me up, I was extremely hungry, but for some reason I felt it was better to go on the lighter side, and I still felt full, albeit  I had a few extra bites of other things as well.
4	BabyStacks... I Love Pancakes and I Love BabyStacksMy Vegas family took me here for Brunch and boy was I excited! The moment we parked the car, my nose knew we were where we should be. As I floated to the door towards that amazing aroma, I noticed the place was packed with locals. SCORE!!!I had the Red Velvet with Cream Cheese Icing, Heavennnnnn.I also had the Peanut Butter and Jelly. The batter was peanut butter. Need I say more?!?!They also have spam and eggs, awesome! I just want to try them ALL! Will someone come with me so I can order something new and try a bit of yours too?
5	Just went to this place for my first time and the food was great. I had the bacon pancakes with potatoes, egg whites and sausage links. I tried the banana cream pie pancakes that my friend had and those were amazing good and surprisingly not super sweet at all. I recommend this place. It's cheap for the amount you get and it's fresh. Hope my review helps! Note: there are two Baby Stacks Cafe's on Buffalo, so make sure your going to the right one if your meeting someone for breakfast or lunch :-)
4	It gets pretty crowded here, so be prepared to wait.   Came here twice for breakfast and LOVED it.  Their adobo fried rice is delicious, their crepes are delicious, and their spam and eggs- YUMMMMMMY.  Was not a fan of their red velvet pancakes. It was a bit on the dry side.
4	Great little place. We were seated right away, friendly staff. The Spam scramble was tasty. The Mac salad was quite good. Had bacon pancakes as well. Only downside was having to wait for extra butter for the pancakes. Overall, I would come here again. You should go check it out.
4	Must eat the red velvet pancakes!!!
5	Local haaaaay ---Can't go wrong with spam anything. Must try is the ZIPPY's chili.. close to being in Hawaii itself. *My gf puts mayo in it - try it for yourself.Portions are good. The food is tasty. Low table tops so expect a wait, especially on the weekends. But there is another location, just sound on Decatur about 10-15 minutes from this Smoke Ranch location on Flamingo & Decatur. I did have a squab with the hostess one day, but whatever - didn't like her, still don't like to see her there, but it is something I can overcome just as long as she doesn't include in any part of my service. - tip RUDE Hostess. Without the customers, you wouldn't be employed. The servers are always attentive and great. ONE Suggestion would be that they should be some local coffee to go with the morning grind!Love this place. Can't compliment it enough. Try everything its great and don't be shy about asking to sub something out that you don't like. They're pretty good at accommodating.
4	It's been a while since my last visit, however, it was a wonderful and delicious experience that keeps telling me to go back! My friend and I shared the Cinnabun Pancakes (how can anyone hate anything Cinnabun-related; just amazing), Red Velvet Pancakes (crazy good and that cream cheese syrup, drool!), and Kalua Pig Benedict (toasted English muffins with Kalua pork and slow-cooked cabbage, two poached eggs, and their hollandaise sauce; I also added hot sauce, SO good). The service was great and it's nice and cozy. A breakfast/brunch must-go!
1	I don't want go to here again.
5	Anyone who knows me, knows that I love breakfast. Also they would know that I love anything red velvet. Finding out that Baby Stacks cafe had red velvet pancakes was a dream come true. This cafe is a dream come true. Cute quaint little place with a family feel. The portions are huge, you can share if you like and still come out full. The red velvet pancakes are to die for. Light fluffy, red of course, covered in chocolate chips and whipped cream. Yum!You can't go wrong with this place. The staff is friendly and attentive, I never had to flag someone down to get a refill on my coffee, and again has a nice homey feel while still maintaining excellent customer service standards. I'll keep coming back!
5	Holy Wow this place is bomb!!Make sure you try the Red velvet pancakes with cream cheese syrup.Amazing Pancakes. The Ranchero Skillet is great but small portion.Kalua pork Eggs Benedict made me warm & fuzzy inside. I wanted to go back to bed after this great breakfast.
4	Love this place !!!!!  Very homey feel to this restaurant !!!  RED VELVET PANCAKES w/ The Cream Cheese syrup !!!!!  YUMMO!!!!!
5	I absolutely love breakfast food so this place has a little advantage there  cause it's kinda hard (in my opinion) to get breakfast food wrong.  But their red velvet pancakes are soooooo delicious, many of my coworkers have been talking about how much they love this place as well.  I had the kalua pig benedict and it did not dissapoint!
4	Yummy food! It seemed to take a while to come out even though the restaurant wasn't that busy. I would return for the lemon ricotta pancakes and Portuguese sausage!
4	Wow what a place. Came here on a recommendation and damn is it good.First off, the menu is pretty big and pretty awesome. It's got a unique / filipino flair to it with their Portuguese sausage, adobo omelette thing (side note: it's not really an omelette). They had a special Kalua Pork Sliders or something like that when I was there.Nearly everything comes with pancakes and they have a ton of different kinds from S'mores to Rocky Road to Banana Cream Pie to Red Velvet, etc. The list goes on, but your stomach will not. It's only $1.50 to upgrade your regular pancake order to one of their fancier ones...and I'd recommend that if I were you.I got the Mexican omelette ($9.25), which was awesome. It comes with 4 eggs in the omelette. It also has the option of either seasoned potatoes or hash browns...I opted for the hash browns on a spur of the moment decision, but I think I'd go for the seasoned potatoes next time. They're not huge pieces of dry potatoes, but really crispy, smaller pieces that make them perfect. I made that mistake, but you live and you learn. My friend got toast with her omelette...not sure if it was a side of toast or somehow it came with her meal, but when they give you toast, they don't mess around...she had 6 1/2 bread slices (so 3 whole slices for those not good at math). And they're huge piecesAnyways, it's about 5 miles off the strip, but definitely worth the drive for something a little more local and delicious and different.
5	This is by far my favorite breakfast restaurant in all of Las Vegas! I really love restaurants that are local and not just another chain restaurant which is what Babystacks is; a great local place. This place is always busy so if you don't want to wait make sure you get there early; especially on the weekends! The pancakes are amazing as well as the omelettes and skillets. My favorite pancake there has to be either the infamous Red Velvet or Butterfinger. It's two hard to decide between the two! My goal is one day try every single pancake :) The great thing about this restaurant is you can still get an omelette or skillet and still be able to have a side of their delicious pancakes. My favorite skillet is the Mexican skillet. If you like spicy this is a must try! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who is a breakfast food lover and wanting to experience delicious food and great service!
5	Fancy pancakes for cheap. Had the banana cream pie pancakes really good not as sweet as it sounds. $6.00 for the short stack. Tried the carrot cake pancake and the adobo friend rice omelet all good. It's busy and cramped.
4	I usually like to visit an establishment more than once before writing about it. This was my first time here. I was very impressed with the brunch so I had to write about BabyStacks while it was still fresh in my mind.  I went to BabyStacks today with the Camilleon and her Uncle Kai. I'm already a fan. I know I will be coming here again. I needed to carb up for a cootie-tag session at town square and BabyStacks somehow crossed my mind. OTW! It was 1 o'clock and the place was packed. A very good sign. The hostess said it would be a 15 to 20 minute wait. We were seated in 10. I order the steak and eggs over easy with hash browns, and opted for the upgraded two stack red velvet pancakes. Uncle Kai gets  some kind of avocado sandmich and fries with a stack of banana cream pancakes. The steak and eggs meets the standard specifications of steak and eggs. Nothing was left on the plate. I did not sample the avocado sandmich so I can't comment on it. Let's get to the pancakes. I did sample the homie's banana cream pancakes. I had one bite. It was    AIGHT. Now to their Red Velvet Pancakes. "OH SHIT! LOOK AT THE MOTHAPHO'KIN WHEELS!!!" I finally get to try these things. It came with cream cheese syrup and topped with whipped cream. Hmmm? Where's the syrup? I can't eat this without... I go ahead and take a bite. DAMN SUN!?! I tell Camille's uncle to try the pancakes. Both of us were instant fans. Needless to say, all of my plates were cleaned off. My brunch started off good with a solid steak and eggs and ended off great with DEM RED VELVET PANCAKES SUN!!!BabyStacks...EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
4	Nearly 7 months since my last visit to this specific BabyStacks. So, an updated review was in need. Whether you're local or visiting, you have to try Babystacks at least once.  My opinion, still one of the best breakfast joints in town.  You can still get your eggs, bacon, and hash browns at BabyStacks.  But let's be honest, it's all about their stacks.  You can't go wrong with most of their pancakes and it's their Red Velvet that they're known for. Other favorites for me include their Portuguese Sausage, Loco Moco (IKR?), Garlic Rice, Biscuits/Gravy, Macadamia Stack, and their Adobo Fried Rice. Regarding this specific location, I have to say it's the best one to go to if you're looking for less of a wait and a bigger location.  At this location, you're almost seated immediately.  However, I still think the North Buffalo location is better.  Maybe I'm biased, maybe I'm just loyal, but I think the food taste just a tad better at the north location. But please, continue to go the south location so that I don't have to wait as long at the north one. TIP:  On my most recent visit, I did something that I never do. I got a full stack of their Red Velvet pancakes. A short stack is usually good enough, especially if you're just complimenting a main dish.  I don't believe in wasting food so I cleaned my plate. I don't think I ate for at least another 5 hours after.
4	The food was just as I hoped it would be from the other reviews I read. I ordered bacon and eggs breakfast.Of course I had to upgrade to the red velvet pancakes with cream cheese syrup.The food was well worth the 25 min. Drive. Baby stacks would have gotten a rating of 5 stars, unfortunately the server had forgotten my request for an orange juice.  The tables are too small for the large portions they serve.    Other than that I will be going back :)
5	Breakfast is a meal I never really eat, but when I do... The Red Velvet Pancakes with cream cheese frosting-syrup was mouth-watering-ly good and I'm glad we opted for the full stack instead of just a half stack. I always like to pair something savory with the sweet, so we got the Piglet omellette with seasoned potatoes. GradesPancakes -  A+; it was definitely worth the drive "across town"Piglet - C-; I don't know what it was, but it wasn't out the ordinarySeasoned potatoes - A; I can't pass on potatoesWe managed to beat the "lunch rush" because as soon as we were seated about 5 other parties showed up and there was a huge line. Also, beware of the small tables. The table next to us had their drink spilled on them due to lack of space. It was kinda funny and sad to see.
4	The wait was plain ridiculous at the original location so we decided to go to this secondary location where I called ahead and there was no wait and close to other errands we were doing. I don't like this temporary new earlier schedule of ours. Having breakfast at breakfast time really sucks with the wait times and dampens the mood.We had zippys chili omelette on the specials white board. It's pretty decent and a bit different. I never really thought about chili on eggs, but it makes sense. I did a make your own skillet - potatoes with your choice of toppings (1 meat, 2 veggies, 1 cheese) and you can add additional toppings to the base price. I did carnitas, peppers, onions, pepper jack cheese and asked for green sauce on the side. It was decent, but different from most skillets that seem cooked together, this is more thrown on top and put in the broiler to melt the cheese. We got our babystacks that come with our breakfast upgraded to their two new flavors on the white board. We did butterfinger which was rather nice and the butter finger pieces slightly melted were more peanutty in flavor and some parts crunchy. The creamsicle was decent, but I don't know if I'm just not a fan of orange flavored baked goods. Service was alright. It took a while for someone to come see us and order but once we did food came out pretty quickly . Server and host were both friendly. Yep. Same consistency of food as the original which is good. Sometimes it doesn't happen that way with new locations. Same food with possibly less of a wait!
5	AHH RED VELVET PANCAKES!!! I always heard about this breakfast of champions place on yelp so hearing about a new location one close too the house. Hell yay! So for lunch got together with fellow yelpers after great workout at the gym start my day. I am not much of breakfast person but BabyStacks Cafe has everything think of for breakfast and lunch items too. In particular really wanted too try the loco moco (just cause anything local style always gets my attention on any menu), or adobo fried rice. I had my mind on Red Velvet Pancakes the whole time that had too get some local style food next check in. I did get side of portuguese sausage with my Red Velvet Pancake. They were really good just like portuguese sausage two scoops rice and eggs for breakfast back home. Star of the show without doubt was the RED VELVET PANCAKES. I got the short stack that was just the right amount of food. The cream on top too the butter drizzle all over the pancakes and then sprinkles of chocolate or something that kicked it notch. The color was awesome! Reality if not right red makes one wonder if really red velvet pancake. It first time had me some Red Velvet Pancakes and assure you not going too be my last. It moist, combine all the toppings, and side of portuguese sausage complete awesome breakfast. The service was great! If busy restaurant benchmark of success or doing something right with the food. BabyStacks Cafe got it going on. I went right at prime lunch hours but not that long wait (they won't seat you without your whole party present). I just happy that have BabyStacks Cafe on my side of town. Sure plan on going back too try more of the menu! =))
5	One of the best spots for breakfast!! Their pancake recipes are delicious and unique!! The place is small so there may be a little bit of wait but well worth it!!
4	Went here for the first time for a work thing, never even heard of it.  But wow!  Their shortstack of pancakes (any of them, we had them all) were amazing.  I had the blueberry pancakes, ham, and eggs.  We all basically shared their shortstacks.  They specialize in the red velvet pancakes for a reason...so good!  They also have bacon pancakes...so good!  Their coffee was...so good!Definitely worth a go!
3	A pretty good Breakfast spot in Las Vegas. We were visting for a few days and since we rented a car decided to grab some food off the strip. Yelp led me to BabyStacks Cafe. This restaurant has a large selection of different types of pancakes, almost any type you could ask for. They have red velvet pancakes, Banana Cream pancakes, chocolate chip pancakes, and many more! They also have lunch options too, so just because someone is not wanting breakfast in your group, does not mean you cant come here!
5	Food was amazing. Red velvet pancakes were the best pancakes ever. The lemon ricotta pancakes were amazing as well.
4	I went to brunch with a few friends last week. It came highly recommended by 2 of them, so I decided to make the out of the way drive to check it out. The wait was quoted to us at 20 min, but we waited closer to 45 min. The staff was very friendly though, and its not a very big place so you could clearly see people just hanging out at their table after eating. After the long wait I wanted to order everything on the menu!! Which was pretty decent size, a lot to choose from. Of course the red velvet pancakes were a must try, but I'm more of a bacon and eggs kinda person. I got the Piglet omelet (bacon, sausage, ham, and cheddar cheese) and red velvet pancakes, they charge a little more to get specialty pancakes but that's normal. The omelet was decent (not the best Ive ever had) but the pancakes were to die for. They serve pretty big portions though, so the pancakes are more like a breakfast desert. Which worked out well because i could only down a couple more bites of food at that point. All in all it was good, i would recommend it to friends, don't think ill be making the long drive to eat their too often though.
5	Gotta love babystacks! When I miss Hawaii, and their awesome breakfast. I would come here to just satisfy my soul. With big portions, and great Hawaiian offerings, how could one go wrong here for breakfast? Oh, but I come for the panclocks! I had a morning date with my favorite 8 year old man Vince. Plus I owed him a good birthday breakfast so I had to make it count! The wait wasn't long at all. We were seated at a small table for two, but they were so accomodating to move us to a bigger table when my sister dropped in for breakfast last minute. Vince ordered their orange creamsicle pancake (figures since his favorite color is after all orange.) After sampling a few bites, I would say that it tastes a lot like an orange creamsicle. The pancake is also orange. It is a fun choice for kids. the cream cheese and orange syrup was pretty delish and made for a good mix with the pancakes. I however, ordered the lemon ricotta. It is served with three crepe like thin pancakes and fresh lemon slices with cream cheese syrup. If you are a sweedish pancake fan or even a fan of tart and sweet...THIS IS THE PANCAKE FOR YOU! Oh..it was amazing. the pancakes were thin and soft, and the tart and sweetness combo made it just the right choice. the portions are big so you will get full fast.I also took bites of their nutella crepe which is loaded with nutella and are huge! If you love nutella or nutella crepe for that matter. do recommend theirs as well.
3	It's Easter morning and it's time to EAT!! I decided we should finally check this place out. I've heard great reviews about them and Red Velvet pancakes sounded GREAT! Hunnie Bunnie got the short stack (3) of chocolate chip pancakes and she LOOOOVED them. I ordered the breakfast plate of Portuguese sausage and eggs. It comes with buttermilk pancakes which I upgraded to the Red Velvet pancakes and potatoes or steamed rice which I upgraded to the Garlic Rice. Obviously. I LOVE me some garlic!! Everything was GOOD! The Red Velvet pancakes are served with like a cream cheese sauce and whip cream on top. I didn't eat much of these cuz I was concentrating on my sausage and eggs - we boxed up the pancakes and then I forgot all about them so I had to throw them out! BOO!!! I loved the rice though and everything else was NOM too!
5	The country breakfast and the carrot cake pancakes are to die for!!
1	The first time I tried this place, it was probably close to two years ago.  Back then I was expecting some amazing mouth watering experience since all I kept hearing about was Baby Stacks (baby cakes back in the day) and read a spread about it in the Seven Magazine. We had a party of 6 which i understand there was wait since the location is extremely small with only about 10 tables.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros (corn tortillas layered with refried beans, seasoned diced chicken, cheese, two eggs, and covered with their homemade fresh salsa) thinking that it should be good though yes, i understand that the is place when raved about was on their pancakes.... When the food came out it was okay... I cant really say it was good because it really lacked a lot of flavor.  I had to pour a ton of hot sauce and salt on it to make it taste like anything!My boyfriend ordered the Kalua Pig Benedict (Toasted English Muffin layered with our slow-cooked shredded cabbage and smoke flavored pork, topped with poached medium eggs and hollandaise sauce).  His choice was so much better! The hollandaise sauce was rich and creamy, the pork was flavorful, the english muffin had the right amount of crunch that gave the dish an added texture! I ended up eating half of his dish cause it was so much better then mine!Red Velvet Pancakes (topped with their fresh whipped cream and chocolate crumbles ans served with cream cheese syrup).  So this is supposedly what they are known for.  I THINK NOT! Yes, it tasted like red velvet cupcake but it also tasted like I was going end up diabetic.  The cream cheese syrup was the topper for me on spitting the piece out of my mouth.  I just couldnt swallow it because it tasted like it was only made out of powdered sugar... Today was my second time coming here.  We waited for 30 minutes which is okay since our party of 3 expected it on a Sunday.  During that time, I figured i'd look over the menu and make sure I'm careful this time and pick something that ends up being at least good.  WRONG!  I decided to go for simple this time and ordered the Spam and Eggs with the Garlic Rice upgrade.  Spam was heated on the flat top and gave it a hard exterior which made it almost chewy and not what I want in spam.  The garlic rice had no flavor at all and I actually thought it was just plain rice and didnt give me the right order until I noticed a big chuck of onion at the bottom of my plate and I thought "Oh i guess they did get the order right, but this doesnt taste like anything!"  The buttermilk pancakes that came with the dish wasnt bad (which i'm glad cause I really hope nobody would be able to mess up regular pancakes especially a place known for their pancakes).  However the pancakes were cold... which is pretty strange since the plate it was on was a little bit warm.  Normally I would understand this if I left it on the table for a while but once the waiter put it down, I checked cause it looked cold.  I think the only thing they got truely right on my order was my over easy eggs... My boyfriend ended up getting the Biscuits and Gravy.  The gravy wasnt too bad with the help of salt! The order comes with 3 small biscuits that are hard.  I take that back, only 2 were hard and the last one couldnt even be cut when you stabbed it with a fork.  Yes, he did try to do this and the fork amazing stayed completely vertical in the air.   When we asked if the biscuit were usually like this, the waiter said no but in that hesitated tone that made you think somebody knew but hoped the customers didnt noticed... I will never come back to this place.  One time, shame on me, second time, shame on them!
3	I think the food was great.   I did not like the wait and noticed that empty tables were left empty for a considerable time.   The Huevos Rancheros were okay.   I am not sold on the diced chicken.   I thought the tortillas should be fried a bit too.   The pancakes were okay.  Nothing incredible.   Maybe I was expecting more because of all the reviews but I found it to be just okay.   HOWEVER, if you like Hawaiian breakfasts, then this may be your place to go.  Loco Moco was very good.
1	This was our second visit to Baby Stacks, our first visit wasn't great, but we always like to give second chances.  BIG mistake.  Same problems, party of five, three got breakfast, than after some time the other two got part of their breakfast, then later the cold toast arrived and after asking twice  your jam arrived.  We wanted to have breakfast together at the same time.  It was not busy.  Don't know if it was waiter or kitchen, but is was not an enjoyable breakfast.  The FRIED eggs were wet with water, icky and the food was average.  So if service is important to you I would pass on BabyStacks.
4	I kindly requested the breakfast burrito with chicken adobo, instead of the other meat choices. It was delicious! There is an upcharge. But I encourage Babystacks to make it a regular menu option. Thank you.
3	Best place u could have breaksfast at. don't expect much on the services, coz everybody is busy. they could forget to give u ur drink, which they did to me. but that doesn't matter, I was there for food, not the service.
4	We don't go out for breakfast very often, but when my husband thought we should go out for breakfast, I immediately said "BabyStacks"!It was probably around 10am on a Wednesday or Thursday and they were still surprisingly busy. Almost every table full, but we didn't have to wait. The restaurant is small and it got a bit warm with all the food and people but our experience was still enjoyable.My husband got the Piglet Omelette and a side of Red Velvet Pancakes. The omelette was good, but felt like it'd be better with peppers and onions added. The Red Velvet Pancakes tasted just like your eating a cupcake. I wanted something different and ordered the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes and a side of bacon. The bacon was ordinary but the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes were amazing. The portion is humongous! The pancakes are thin, moist and lighter than most pancakes but they were just as filling.Service was a little slow but we give them a pass because they were busy, but everyone was friendly and helpful.I look forward to going back and trying more of their pancake flavors.
1	I absolutely never write bad reviews but I am seriously in shock by what happened this morning at this location. I bit into my omelet and bit into half of a roach! They quickly came to deal with it and still charged me for my meal. My total bill was $10, I can't believe that they actually charged me after finding a bug in my food. I did not cause a scene and I immediately stopped eating and my daughter did as well. The manager didn't even come to me  about the bug rather another waitress, when I went to pay I calmly and extremely quietly stated I was not paying for it and the manager then came and disputed me paying for this meal. The waitress we had was very good. Needless to say when they handed me the bill I then made a fuss. Gave them a chance to remedy the issue without me causing as scene but I feel because I was so calm about it they tried to take advantage of it. I'm sure this rarely happens but be careful what you bite into at this location!
4	The first time I came to BabyStacks, I was seated immediately and had an attentive server. I took in the ambiance--soothing music that suited the mood, wooden tables and chairs, TVs in good positions, and overall, it was a comfortable setting. The wait for my food was never too long either. These factors also held true the second time around. Now, here's what I've got to say about the food:- Red Velvet Pancakes: Now this, this is what a lot of people like to come for, so I had to try it. It really is a delicious stack. The ratio of whipped cream, to pancake, to cream cheese syrup is the key to the perfect bite of this dish! I do have a comment on it's consistency though. I prefer pancakes that are fluffy and melt in your mouth. These pancakes have a little bit of a chew to it but not enough to be drastically inedible. In fact, my peers didn't even notice. Otherwise, this alone is a great reason to come to BabyStacks!- Adobo Fried Rice: I love it and I couldn't stop eating it. It is flavorful and some might say it's a little salty, but that's just how I like it!- Country Fried Steak and Eggs: Nothing special, but still very tasty!BabyStacks is a great place to eat and definitely offers a lot of variety. Bring everyone with you!
4	This is the place to go to if you are craving pancakes or Hawaiian inspired food. I ordered the spam scramble with garlic rice, this was very good. I know this place is known for their pancakes especially the red velvet ones but i don't really like red velvet so i tried the something else. So I ordered the white chocolate macadamia pancakes, i felt like it tasted like a regular pancake nothing to special. The feel in the restaurant is very chill has great music almost made me feel like i was in Hawaii and not Las Vegas. The staff is friendly.
4	Once you get past the 45 minute wait, you're in for a real treat! There are so many incredible options for delightful breakfast meals that you might have a hard time settling on one! My suggestion is to go for the bananas foster; although my husband is a fan of the red velvet. The OJ is completely overpriced, so grab a cup of coffee and prepare to feast on some of the most incredible cakes to ever cross your lips. Great, now I want some :D
5	Awesome breakfast menu! I get the red velvet pancakes or white chocolate macadamia nut pancakes. Only down side is there's usually a long wait. I go about once a month!
4	I usually come here for my red velvet fix & their other choices on the menu are also not a letdown! However my recent visit I was just a tad annoyed with the servers & cashier. Me & my hubs called in advance for an order pick-up & when we got there it was busy as usual & there was a party ahead of us already paying for their food so I stood behind them for our turn. While I was waiting another party stood by to pay & instead of taking our payment, the cashier immediately catered to the other party but apologized when the other group told her we were ahead of them.  She claimed she "had no idea I was there. " I mean I know it's busy but c'mon I was literally right in front of your register holding my debit card in the air staring directly at your face so you'd know that I'm next!! But I didn't get too upset cuz I think she was new. BUT!! I did get upset when we finally picked up our order & there were NO FORKS!! As you can imagine, I was dying in the car to eat it already then to find the bag fork-less. They really tested my patience that day! Other than that I love BabyStacks :D
4	It's all about the red velvet pancakes.
5	Awesome! I now eat here every week for breakfast.  This place is 25 mins from home and worth every minute of the drive.  I usually eat 2 breakfasts just so I can try everything! Portuguese Sliders! Super awesome! See you next week BabyStacks!
5	MY FAVORITE BREAKFAST PLACE EVER.The wait is a while, if it is your first time you will soon understand why. Their eggs and bacon are normal, nothing crazy. Their potatoes are great. Their pancakes are literally heaven in your mouth. I'm serious. Be sure to try the Red Velvet ones... oh, and the Banana Creme Pie ones... mmmmm my mouth is watering...The drive is about 20 minutes out for me, but it's worth it every time.Please open one up in the Henderson area soon, please!
3	Quaint little place with a down home vibe.  The owners are Filipino, who have family in Hawaii, which explains why there are Filipino and Hawaiian selections on the menu. Prices are reasonable, although portions could be bigger.   Service is fast and friendly.Red velvet pancakes.  Fluffy and thick with that delicious cake flavor you would hope to have.Portuguese sausage with eggs. I was able to get the garlic fried rice with my sausage and eggs.  It was just white rice with very  little flavor.
4	After going to the original north Buffalo location, I figured it was time to try this location out.  For a Sunday the wait wasn't terrible at only 20 minutes.  After being seats the waitress quickly got our drink orders but disappeared for awhile which was strange.Since Red Velvet is my "go to" I decided to try the S'mores pancakes.  They were good, with graham crackers, marshmallow and chocolate on top of chocolate chip pancakes.  They were really good and made for great leftovers, however not as good as the red velvet.I can't give this location 5 stars only because the service just wasn't there, however everything else seemed exactly like the North location, of course I'll be back to try more menu items!
5	The pancake in this place is amazing! I need to control my carb intake at this place!!!
4	Totally psyched to discover another awesome brunch place off the strip!**Loco Moco--Order this with the sausage patty instead of the regular beef patty. It will change your view of Loco Moco forever! Go with the garlic rice, too. A must!**Kalua Pork Benedicts-Disappointed! The flavors didn't work well together and it was so bland. I only had a few bites and gave up...I was tremendously unsatisfied that I had to order another Loco Moco to fill in that void!  **Red Velvet Pancakes-BOMB! It's better to eat this fresh so if you plan to eat this for dessert like me, order the pancakes when you're halfway through your savory dish. The cream cheese syrup is just amazing and not too sweet! Try not to add too much of the whipped cream in each bite so you can really enjoy the flavors of the pancake. For me, the short stack is just the perfect portion. **Lemon Ricotta Pancakes-Just wonderful! It's light, fluffy, and simply refreshing. The citrus flavor of the lemon is really enhanced with the cream cheese syrup. There's no short stack option for this so plan to share because it's huge. **Portuguese sausage sliders-Not impressed. Hawaiian rolls with Portuguese sausage and eggs scrambled with green onions. It's good but it's something you can make yourself at home..maybe better! Servers here were so attentive and friendly. We came here for Mother's Day brunch so it was really busy. That didn't stop them from giving us good service. Will definitely be back!!
5	I finally got around too trying more of the menu at BabyStacks Cafe and again not disappointed! I tried me some Adobo Fried Rice and course had too get me some Red Velvet Pancakes. If not going too BabyStacks getting some Red Velvet Pancakes that borderline atrocity too pancake nation! lol! The Adobo Fried Rice was awesome! Who would have thought just roll out almost crepe like consistency egg batter load it up with delicious fried rice, fold it like burrito, and dam you got breakfast burrito from heaven. The fried rice has SO much flavor no need too add anything else and it huge size not getting cheated out of anything. The fried rice by itself could have big bowl everyday its that ONO! The pancakes no need too review that one. If never had it need too get some...The service is always great my server was punctual came too asking for my drink order, and return soon after taking my breakfast order. It does get busy but tend too go places odd time beat the rush. My drink was never empty. It not often go out for breakfast but by far my favorite place for some good breakfast.
5	I have had this restaurant bookmarked for the past few months and always found myself having no time to check it out every time I was in Vegas. Never again will I make this sort of mistake. I still can't get over how good food is off the strip! We came during the breakfast/brunch rush and were seated at the counter. I was surprised that the restaurant was so full. It seems like a hit with the locals. I'm not sure if it was the business of the restaurant, but we had to wait longer than usual for even our waiter to take our order. After ordering though, he was pretty attentive so I can't really complain. Now, I'm a HUGE breakfast and brunch fan! Their extensive menu is mostly geared towards breakfast food, with just one page dedicated to their lunch menu. At first I thought it was just your regular American type of Breakfast and Brunch place, but they also have Hawaiian plates such as Loco Moco and Spam Scramble. Apparently they're known for their pancakes, or "BabyStacks". There was such a huge variety that I felt pretty overwhelmed. I wanted to try everything! Thanks to Yelp, I just had to order the Red Velvet short stack. Seriously, this was pretty much a dessert party in my mouth! Probably one of the best Red Velvet pancakes I've had. The pancakes had whipped cream, chocolate crumbles, and this amazing cream cheese syrup. It was amazing! We also ordered the Adobo Fried Rice, which is adobo fried rice that's stuffed into an egg omelette. The rice had so much flavor and adding sriracha really brought out the flavor of the dish altogether. Overall the food met my expectations and I can't wait to come back during our next trip and try the other food! Gracias! Salamat! Mahalo!
4	Lots of great breakfast choices, had the Portuguese Sausage, Eggs, and Garlic rice which was great. My friend had the Corned Beef Hash which was also delicious. The breakfast came with buttermilk pancakes and upgraded them to the Red Velvet pancakes- wow, they were amazing! A large selection of breakfast dishes and more unique pancake choices then I've ever seen! We went at 8:00am on a Sunday, had no wait but there was a line when we left. Nothing fancy about the place, just wonderful food. Our server was friendly and efficient. Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places!
5	It's my first time coming here and the place is pretty good. I like they're menu choices ill be sure to come back again. Try the Kalua Pig Benedict for breakfast.
5	Red velvet pancakes and kalua pork eggs Benedict.  That's the recommendation.  Excellent.
2	Okay, our table was wiggly, we tried to fix it, coffee spilled on my head and the waiters grudgingly resat us and made us move our own dishes. Hope the food's worth it.
5	bomb.com thats all
4	Me and my boyfriend went there last week and oh my gosh the Cinnabun pancakes were so good! My boyfriend got the hazelnut pancakes that weren't as delicious but still just as yummy. Deff go!
5	My boyfriend and I stopped for a quick bite. I settled on the Portuguese sausage and eggs with potatoes and upgraded my stack to the red velvet pancakes. My boyfriend got the pig blanket omelette (not sure if name is correct) with hash browns and upgraded his stack to a special stack they called "orange dream". Now I'm not a rookie when it comes to Portuguese sausage so I must say that these were pretty good. Juicy, crispy on the edge but not overcooked. The eggs were eggs. Nothing extraordinary but still good. Now the breakfast potatoes, bland with no seasoning not even salt. They did come out hot so I'm sure I could've sprinkled salt on them but I didn't. Ketchup did just fine but I'm pretty sure I'll be getting the hash browns next time around. The red velvet pancakes actually tasted like red velvet and they were good. I remember my first visit when they were called babycakes and their red velvet pancakes were bleh. The kitchen must have finally perfected the recipe because they definitely are worth going back for. Now, as for my boyfriend I can't say that I tried his omelette but I can say he finished it all, so that must be a good sign. His orange dream pancakes...OMG they are to die for. Anyone who reads this, please do yourself a favor and stop by for an orange dream stack.
5	Awesome breakfast, red velvet pancakes are the best. The biscuits and gravy need a little more gravy so just ask. Coffee has gotten much better, used to be very better. The only bummer is the new menu doesn't have a senior breakfast anymore.
5	Okay. Guys. GUYS.This is literally the best breakfast I've ever had IN MY LIFE.It was so good that I am going back weeks later to review it, because it was seriously THAT AMAZING.ZOMGGGGG ALL CAPS BECAUSE IF YOU GO TO VEGAS AND DON'T GO THEN YOUR LIFE WILL BE WORSE AND YOU WON'T EVEN KNOW.All right, so the food. I am a huge eggs benedict fan, so after reading the great reviews, I went with the kalua pork eggs benedict. Wow!!! It certainly did not disappoint. Smoky and savory and melt-in-your-mouth tender - mind-blowing. I was torn between wanting to savor it slowly and wanting to shove it all in mah belly at once. My boyfriend had the adobo fried rice, and the second he took the first bite, he had to close his eyes just to take it all in. I tried it too, and I don't even like rice, but I almost wanted to trade mine for his. Almost.But, the best part of the meal was the pancakes.We shared an order of Butterfinger pancakes. Let me repeat - BUTTERFINGER freaking PANCAKES. The lady asked if we wanted them made with peanut butter batter and we said yes... best decision ever. They came warm and awesome with candy shavings and a huge scoop of really thick and amazing whipped cream. I'm telling you guys, the noises we were making while eating were downright indecent. I wish I could paint you all a better picture of just how incredible this food was. Mostly I just want everyone to go there so they can get lots and lots of business and expand to SoCal, because I have been craving it ever since. Yes, it's off the strip. Get over it. It's beyond worth it.If I were to take off stars, it would basically be because no breakfast can compare and now that I know food this good exists I will forever be a spoiled brat saying, "Well, it's good, but it's no BabyStacks..."Thanks a lot for ruining my palette for life with your deliciousness.
4	I used to be a french toast girl, and then suddenly this affinity for pancakes showed up.  While in Vegas, we noticed a common theme, all of our best meals were off the strip, and Babystacks was not an exception.  The touristy thing would have been to stay on the strip for breakfast, but after seeing all of the pictures of red velvet pancakes, i couldn't resist.  I applaud Babystacks for providing a half and full stack option, there is nothing worse than feeling full and sad for wasting all of that food.  I ordered the half stack and i love how they embodied the essence of  red velvet cake.  They could have been lazy and served the pancakes with maple syrup, instead they came up with a genius way of incorporating the cream cheese element into a sauce.  When it arrived to the table i was unsure of the look of the sauce, but after tasting it, it was delicious, a wonderful accompaniment to the lightest pancakes. I also ordered a side of turkey bacon at it was fab.  Overall, Babystacks is a very humble restaurant serving dynamite food, and i look forward to coming back and trying more pancakes on my next visit.
4	Really good red velvet pancakes. So fluffy. The cream cheese syrup was the bomb. Also had the adobo fried rice omelette. It was ok, prefer to have more garlic flavor (absent) on my fried rice. The menu looks awesome and wanted to try more stuff like the Kahlua pork Benedict, but had too much food from the buffets the night before. I will definitely hit this place up again next time we are in Vegas, make it a place to go to on the way back home. If anything, just to come back for that red velvet cupcake.
5	Best pancakes!
5	One of the best Red Velvet Pancakes I ever had.  Even better than the Red Velvet Pancakes in Los Angeles.  The pancakes were sweet and fluffy.  The insides of the pancakes were the prefect color red.  It looks delicious.  It taste delicious.  This going to be my new breakfast spot when I visit Vegas.
4	If you really want to grab breakfast I was just going to this place. But I would suggest just get the pancakes because they are the star of the show. The eggs are good but not great compare to the greatest of the pancakes. Family friendly as well. The nice warm atmosphere. I definitely will be returning to enjoy more pancakes very soon.
4	I give two thumbs up to their adobo fried rice and red velvet pancakes. The adobo fried rice has some shredded chicken marinated in a soy sauce base. My mom makes a way better chicken adobo but wrapping the fried rice like an omelet is unexpected and it works. The red velvet pancakes are yummy and I really dig the cream cheese sauce. The loco moco has really good gravy. The service is friendly but not consistently attentive as what I'd expect in a breakfast place. As long as the food is consistent, I will return. Overall, good cheap eats.
3	My in-laws are all hip and stuff and has heard of the hype surrounding babystacks and proceeded to take us here to celebrate my sweet girl's dance recital. The wait was 20 minutes or so on a Saturday afternoon which wasn't too bad, and for once, we were at a restaurant where my in-laws being white, were the ones who were outnumbered!! Muahahahaha. The atmosphere is very casual, and not bad for a brunch place. I ordered the Huntington omelette and I wish I heeded Alana's review saying to stay away from it. It was pretty miserable. Everyone else at the table loved their food, but mine was by far the worst. An omelette with probably 2? or 1 1/2? pieces of bacon cut up into the omelette with nearly non-existent cheddar cheese mixed into the eggs, and half of an over-riped avocado slices on top. I will NEVER order that again. I got the specialty Almond Joy pancakes & I guess this was my fault, but I didn't expect a chocolate batter, because I am not a big fan of chocolate cakes or chocolate pastries, but obviously, this came with chocolate pancakes, with slices almonds, coconut, and whipped cream. They weren't THAT sweet, but I wish I ordered something else.My husband got the country fried steak which I tried a piece of and was very tasty. He ordered banana cream pie pancakes which were the best of the table. My children had s'mores pancakes which came with marshmallows and graham cracker crumbles. I didn't try them, but they were engulfed in seconds since I try to limit their sugar intake. This was certainly a treat for them. They also had the breakfast combo with eggs and bacon. The bacon was great! Thick and perfectly cooked to a crisp. The carrot cake pancakes that my mother in law ordered were a flop. WAY too heavy and cake-like rather than light and fluffy like pancakes should be. I don't know if I would be back as I already have a favorite brunch spot, and we seldom go to brunch, but I can see the appeal of specialty pancakes and I would say to stick to those, and stay away from the Huntington omelette.
5	Oh yeah, probably not the healthiest but their pancakes are the best I have ever had. i also like the mexican omelet a lot! Great place with great service.
1	Great ideas for pancakes but the pancakes were stale and gross. Don't understand the reviews. I will not be returning.
5	I recommend getting side of eggs & sausage and save room for the pancakes! The plates were good but the best part is the pancakes!
5	Babystacks definitely lives up to its hype. Everytime someone asks me where I want to go eat breakfast, I always suggest here if they have not had a chance to try out the delicious Red Velvet Pancakes. Salivating thinking about them..Ahem, back to the review.Service here is spotty, but it does not bother me too much because they have never been rude. The longest that I have had to wait here was 10 minutes for a table. The specialty pancakes menu is just so wonderful. I have stuck with the short stack Red Velvet Pancakes each time, but I always take a bite out of everyone else's pancakes. Delicious!I have tried out the Spam Scramble and their adobo. The adobo, meh. But that Spam Scramble with sriracha on the side was amazing! When I first ordered it, I definitely wolfed it down immediately. I recommend you trying that one out.You won't regret coming here :)
5	I have tried their red velvet, smores, white chocolate with macadamia, and chocolate chip pancakes. All of them are delicious but the white chocolate with macadamia. Although it is good, it doesn't have enough macadamia because both my parents ate them thinking it was just regular buttermilk pancakes. They couldn't taste the difference and even dipped them in syrup. The other pancake orders were sweet enough so we didn't need any syrup.
5	Gerrardo was attentive and got our order perfect.  The strawberry pancakes are unbelievable and I don't even really like pancakes.  My son loved the Nutella crepes.  I didn't try them because I hate Nutella.  We ate a lot of food and it was only $40 for 3 of us with drinks.  The only cons are it is far from the strip and it seems you have to get lucky not to wait too long.  Anytime I am in Vegas on a weekday I would check it out again.
5	Red velvet pancakes, adobo rice, oh so good, it's like orgasm in my mouth. Small place but food is YUM! The food is great but the hosts are not doing well with their tasks. It's annoying to wait in line to be seated only to see 3-5 empty tables empty. Come on! Why don't you sit them right away so they can at least look at the menu. It only takes a minute to ask for their drinks while you guys wait for a server to become available. This establishment could accommodate more people if they are efficient. Sorry I've been here few times and that's always the case. If only their good is not good, I wouldn't bother coming back.
4	Found this gem iff the strip and for sure this is worth visiting. Took the family which consists of 2 kids under 12. The menu was simple and there are plenty of pancake flavors to chose from. The staff was friendly and fast.  The prices averaged out to aboyt $12 per person,  included eggs, sasuage, potatos, pancakes, & coffee.  Everyone loved their pancake flavor.  Would definitely return
5	Babystacks is notorious for their Red Velvet Pancakes and boy are they tasty. I always got them to go and whenever i wanted to sit down, i get myself a stack. Inside is a bit small, but since its open only for breakfast and lunch there's really no need for a big place, i kind of like it like this.Last time i ordered Rick's Adobo Fried Rice. It was good for the most part but it was quite salty. A little too salty for my taste, maybe next time i order it, ill ask not to make it so salty aha. anyways still a 5/5 because of their Red Velvet Pancakes.
4	Last week my friend & I had brunch here. It was pretty busy for a Sunday, but we were seated within 5 minutes of her waiting & me just walking through the door. They were waiting for the full party of 2 to get there. A little silly, but whatever. I wanted food. I was pretty indecisive about trying a new type of pancake, but my friend convinced me to try the banana cream pie pancakes. I had the country fried steak with an upgrade to the banana cream pie pancakes for $1.50 more. My friend had the Portuguese sausage & eggs with garlic rice with an upgrade to (I want to say) rocky road pancakes. (I was distracted by my own food I don't remember. Fail. :/)Both of our entrees were delicious! I loved how crispy my steak was & the gravy was savory. As far as our pancakes.. both tasted exactly as they are described. Definitely some good stuff! Whenever I want red velvet pancakes I have to go to Babystacks. Now, I have a new favorite: banana cream pie pancakes! YUM!!
5	I've been wanting to come to Babystacks for a couple years now and I finally made it down here. It definitely lived up to my expectations! I got two half stacks of pancakes because I couldn't decide on one flavor: the carrot cakes and the caramel apple pancakes. They were both amazing! The pancakes were fluffy and perfectly cooked. The rest of the family loved their food too. I will be going back soon!
3	On my family's "annual" trip to Las Vegas from Cali, we stopped by this place on glowing recommendations from my sister before we headed out of town...we figure we might as well get some good food before losing the rest of our wages.It was late Friday morning and the place was doing brisk business. We waited for about 10-15 minutes (party of six) and were seated with our drinks taken care of somewhat promptly. All was well...then we placed our orders...that's when my frustration with this place grew. I base my reviews on the quality of the food first, then the service, then ambiance. With regards to service, I want to see that my glass of water is refilled before being emptied and not having to summon a waiter to refill the glass...and for a breakfast place to ensure my cup of coffee is promptly refilled. Well, the coffee wasn't refilled before I could see the bottom of the cup. On top of that, the waitress got our orders messed up once the food finally arrived after a 35 minute wait! 35 minutes! Waiting for our food for 35 minutes from the time we ordered! Unacceptable. The only redeeming quality was that the food was actually pretty good. Everyone on our table liked what they had and were willing to overlook the long wait...I wasn't. If it wasn't for the decent food, I would have given this place 2 stars or 1 star. Our party tried Rick's Adobo Fried Rice, Portuguese Sausage and Eggs, and Velvet pancakes, among other thingsReally, BabyStacks...35-minute wait for breakfast food? What, you had to coax the chickens out back to push a little harder for some eggs?
4	One of my friends found this place on Yelp - and decided this is were we'll eat before hitting the road back to Los Angeles. Its a bit of a drive from Downtown. Located in a small plaza.Upon walking in - its a bit small. They have 2 tvs mounted up for your viewing pleasure. Menu is a little bit confusing, at least for me it was. I got the Bacon & eggs combo, which comes with your choice of potatoes or rice and a choice of pancakes or toast. I went with the upgraded Filipino fried rice and upgraded to the hazelnut pancakes. The food came out and looked really good. I didn't care too much for the fried rice, barely a scoop and nothing but garlic. The bacon was just how I liked it, crispy. Pancakes were good, worth the upgrade. If this place wasn't so out of the way I'd hit it every time we left Vegas. Food was good, prices were decent. Service was good as well.
5	I'm SO glad my friend introduced me to BabyStacks!! I was in town and my friend who lives in Vegas wanted to take me to a local eatery in Vegas, away from The Strip. It was about 10 minutes away from The Strip and BabyStacks is a small casual cafe in a local plaza. There were so many choices to choose from, but I had to try their famed Red Velvet Pancakes. I'm usually not a huge fan of Red Velvet since I've had enough as a dessert and I find it usually a bit too sweet with their cream cheese frosting. I was a bit afraid that it would be too sweet for pancakes, but I was wrong. BabyStacks Cafe was the first and perhaps the best red velvet pancakes I have ever had. The pancakes was not too sweet and its syrup was just right that didn't left me feeling like I already indulged a load of sugar for the morning. I got the short stack which was enough for me for 3 pancakes. It's affordable with entrees costing less than $10! BabyStacks Cafe is a casual cafe that seems to be known within the locals, so it didn't felt like it was all touristy. Their service was great and the waitress welcomed me as a newcomer which I thought it was a pleasant experience at BabyStacks. BabyStacks is definitely bookmarked for my future visits to Vegas!
4	Second visit - and glad I did. First visit service was kind of horrible so it distracted from my overall experience. Took family visiting from town on a Saturday morning - a party of 6 and the wait was reasonable.Everyone raved about the pancakes - red velvet 5 stars, orange something - not my fav but they rated them a 5, banana cream pie ( my favorite!) The Kalua pig eggs Benedict - 3 stars, and although everyone raves about them, I wasn't :(. My muffin was soooooo soggy which made the entire thing just a big wet mess. Service - improved over last time- but this place really needs to step it up a bit - engage your patrons and discuss the uniqueness of the menu. I can't wait to try another round of pancakes!
1	I'm in from out of town, my friend who is local and had gone once before didn't have the greatest opinion. It took 45 minutes for our food to come out and I asked for a sprite later and it took 15 minutes for me to get that.  Service is bad, food was ok.
5	Never dissapoints ! I love it here, very family friendly, and amazing staff. :)
5	I've been here a number of times already and I must say that I have been absolutely satisfied each and everytime I have been here. The name is BabyStacks Cafe, so you can assume that they specialize in pancakes, and specialize they do! The front page of their menu has a list of different kinds of pancakes they serve. The red velvet is supposedly the most popular, and it is delicious, but my favorite is the cinnabun personally. I personally wouldn't recommend ordering plain pancakes here since they have so many different specialties, but if that's something you like, I don't think that'd be a bad decision either. I usually order a skillet or omelette with a side of pancakes. It cost more to order specialty pancakes with your omelette or skillet, but you get the best of both worlds that way. I treat the pancakes like a dessert/side dish kind of thing because most of the pancakes are sweet. You get the main dish with eggs, meat, and maybe potatoes and then you have the pancakes on the side that that is just the perfect combination!On the weekends, it gets kind of busy, so expect a wait unless you go fairly early and the service can be slow at times, but you can't expect every place to be overstaffed with people waiting to serve you when you come in. They do the best job they can. I remember I came here with many of my family members and we didn't get one of our orders of pancakes and they have us a free short stack of a random specialty pancake. I'm glad they made it up to us for not bringing our order in time because that showed me how much they care about their customer service. I recommend going here if you want to catch some breakfast or lunch. I personally won't go to any other breakfast specialty place in Vegas while BabyStacks is open for business.
4	YUMMM!! Being from out of state I am so sad that I can not eat here on a regular basis and try everything on the menu.  We went on a Sunday morning and were met by a crowd and an hour wait to be seated with 6 people.  It was however totally worth the wait.  Being from out of state and not having a chance to try everything we ended up sharing bites of our food choices around the table.  Everything was delicious.  Lots of fun flavors like red velvet and orange creamsicle.  I also got to taste the crepes which were just the right about of thin and tender with yummy fresh fruit in them.  I ordered Rick's Adobo Fried Rice which is an egg omelet of sorts with salty meaty fried rice wrapped up in it like a burrito.  It was the perfect amount of savory to go with all of the sweet pancakes.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 92/100Props to the owner for including creative Filipino touches to the menu. The chicken adobo fried rice and garlic rice option for breakfast specials (Sinangag in Filipino) made me and my galpal feel right at home! I honestly can't believe we waited this long before hitting Babystacks. It's an all-rounder, service and food were both wins! And even better, the lines weren't hauntingly tedious like we dreaded them to be. Took us less than 5 minutes to be seated but don't buy our case as fact. I have a feeling that certain days will be busier than others, seeing as people come in families, not just in pairs/singles. Due to unavailable table seating (yep, they had to re-arrange tables to accommodate parties of 4-6), we were led to the bar where we tuned in to the morning news. I don't remember us waiting long before we ordered. We were pretty ready to rock & roll and devour! Servings are pretty decent (I'd say large for us, Asians) and we shared the Corned Beef Hash with Sunny Side up Eggs, wheat bread and the savory, buttery Garlic Rice, also known as Sinangag in Filipino. On top of that, we figured it would be a waste to not try one of their specialty pancakes. As Hazlenut/Nutella lovers, we debated whether to get the Hazlenut pancakes or the more well-known Red Velvet stack. We ended up with the former and beamed as they got to our counter drizzled with nutella, crushed almonds and whipped cream. Holy moly, were they pretty - and I don't know if you could use this word for pancakes - chunky! A whole spoonful would take a while to chew on and swallow without the help of a drink. Milk did the magic. Soon enough, we had to stop before the they filled us up to our throats. Babystacks impressed me, especially since one would not decipher the cultural fusion that occurs until you get a glance at the menu!
3	Pancakes are very tasty, but it's no life-changing experience. I had the breakfast burrito with Portuguese sausage and I upgraded my pancakes to Red Velvet. I was with a large group of friends so I got to sample several of the other specialty pancakes. Again, they were all very good, but they don't really live up to the hype... but then again, how could they?  The burrito was also good but nothing special.I will say that the serving sizes were much smaller than they appear in all the pictures. Not that important to me, but just thought that that was interesting.Service was excellent.
4	This place is pretty good had the red velvet pancakes, and some other dishes that were good as well. Nice breakfast place overall
5	I love this place be sure to have your entire party there or they don't seat you ... But it's worth the wait I like their unique pancake options and even their toasts :)
4	LOVE this place. I need to get my red velvet pancake fix at least once a month. And no better place than this. This location has not done me wrong. The wait isn't as bad as the other location, and all the food has been delicious. From the different pancakes to the skillets and adobo fried rice, everything is yummy.
4	Flew into Vegas and my Cal pal suggested we have brunch at BabyStacks Cafe. What's this place? Yummy, delicious breakfast food! I had the Nutella Crepes with half strawberries and banana with fresh whip cream with a side of Canadian bacon, and my friend ordered the Honey Toast with a side of turkey bacon. My crepes were not thin, more pancake-like rolled into what looked like a crepe, and my Canadian bacon was way too salty. However, Katrina's breakfast was to DIE for!!!! The honey toast, or (aka French Toast) were two humongous thick slices of sweet bread with a large dollop of whip cream sprinkled with cinnamon. I actually wanted to eat her breakfast instead of mine! LOL The portions were large and hearty. Their overall menu selections were abundant, from pancakes, crepes, omelets, eggs/bacon, lots of sides, and a few Filipino dishes.I decided to take my family there before we left Vegas, so my second trip was just as good as the first. This time I ordered the Honey Toast (delectable!) and my family ordered: red velvet pancakes, strawberries and cream pancakes, and corned beef hash with garlic rice and an over easy egg. The garlic rice was so-so as they put too many onion slices in it. Be prepared to order a full or half stack of pancakes if you're hungry and a sweet tooth.In terms of service, we arrived at a busy time, around 11:00 AM so we had to wait 15-20 minutes before we were seated. The waitress was very pleasant and replenished our coffee mugs. The restaurant is small and gets very busy, so if you go, go early. Their hours are Mon-Fri 7:00 AM - 2:00 PM, and Sat-Sun 7-3PM. Their prices are a bit steep, but makes up for the quality of the fresh food. You must eat there!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Eccentric decor. Only open til 2 or 3pm.LIKE  The service.LOVE  The Hawaiian menu items. THE PANCAKES!
5	This place is great. I ordered the loco moco.  The meat was very flavorful along with the garlic fried rice it came with. I also ordered the short stack of hazelnut pancakes. They were fire as well!My girlfriend ordered the adobo fried rice omelette and it was very good. I tried this dish at Aloha Kitchen and the one here at Babystacks puts the one at Aloha Kitchen to shame! The rice was flavorful and not dry. Definitely coming back to this place when Im in town!
2	The pancakes where hard and the butter wasn't soft! It's ok but I wouldn't go here again...
5	I was driving down Buffalo and came across this place.  Boy am I glad I stopped by.OMG! This place is the bomb diggity! Never expected the food to be so delicious!  It's like an explosion of flavors in your mouth! The red velvet pancake is to die for. I'm from Hawaii so it was a surprise to see Hawaiian dishes served here.  To all the Hawaiians in Las Vegas this place give Cinnamons Restaurant HARD RUBS! Plus they serve Zippy's Chilli here!!! I tried the Adobe Fried Rice Omelette and the Kailua Pig Benedict! A+ in my books!The staff was wonderful! Very friendly and very prompt.  They filled our drinks when needed and provided a smile every time they came by.  I know this is random but their water was so good! Very Cold and tasted fresh! That is also a plus for me when checking out a new restaurant as you know you don't always want to get drinks. So rest assured if you want water here your gonna have a good one. Price is very reasonable for the taste your are going to receive.  The portions are more than decent to get you full and possible end up taking some to go!I had a great overall experience as a first timer.  I don't live next to this area but with the results of having a friendly staff, amazing food, and decent prices I will not hesitate to take a drive to eat here again!
4	Came in at 12:30pm on a Thursday and had no wait for a table. Score! The interior reminded me of a Friendly's, simple wood decor and very family friendly, but also a bit messy. There was a soda lid on the floor by our table and a fly that kept landing on my arm, but let's be honest, you're not here for the ambiance, you're here for their amazing selection of pancakes. Those babycakes...whoa. So good. I would suggest starting out with a short stack bc the sheer amount of sugar in these things will start to get to ya, but holy is it worth it. These bad boys are delicious. I had the pleasure of taking down a few cinnabun style today and I'm thinking of going back for more. Sweet icing on the top, cinnamon sprinkled throughout and just a few crumbled nuts on top, it was just like eating a cinnamon bun (Costanza style), but you get to dip it in syrup. Win. Not a sweets person and looking for eggs? Yea, they got that. They omelets are pretty standard and the hashbrowns are crunchy and not over-salted. You won't be wow-ed, you won't be disappointed. You WILL get jealous of your friends eating amazing pancakes.
5	This is a must breakfast stop for us whenever we are in Vegas. There are two locations, both on the same street if that is confusing enough! Came here by 9 and there is already a line. Thats pretty normal here to be busy so expect a slight wait if you have parties of more than four. Lets get to the must orders:Pancakes- Red Velvet (if you like it, not my favorite but a guest favorite, get sauce on side if you don't like things too sweet)- Banana cream Pie - LOVE IT, but I always get the sauce on the side since its too much for me- Chocolate Chip - LOVE ITCrepes-Solid Choice, but you can also get at buffets so, usually I pass on this oneAdobo Fried Rice Omelette - Delicious! Must tryLoco Moco - Good gravy, not as good as in hawaii, but you can add garlic rice here which I recommend!They also have usual breakfast items like Ham, bacon, corned beef hash, etc. These are all not bad items, but also you can also get them anywhere and they do a find job of making these dishes. I only talked about the ones above because they're my favorites and you can't get at too many other places.The plan of attack is to SHARE a shortstack and something else, unless your meal already comes with pancakes, in which UPGRADE them to your liking.
4	Huge portions and red velvet pancakes were moist and awesome. I'm glad I came here for a nice hearty breakfast. Its off the strip about 15-20 mins at least. But worth it as you get tired of buffets.
2	Its really sad that i have to give this place 2 stars. But after coming here a few times and not being satisfied with their serving portions on the pricier meals i have to rate it mainly on that. If im going to pay $12 for a meal then a $1 upgrade garlic fee then i expect to get a little more than a half cup of rice with my meal. Its seriously like 4 bites and my rice is gone. But i guess i can pay another $3 for another 4 bites of rice...? The flavors are amazing. I have had the corned beef hash, the country fried steak, the Adobo fried rice and an omelette. All very tasty. The pancakes are ok. They are not light and fluffy as i would like them but if u pile a bunch of their toppings on them theyre not that bad. The cashier was rude and server was nice. I dont know if i will return again...maybeeeee one last try....
4	Hmmm. I have mixed feelings about this one. I'm a huge sweets person and thought previously I could sustain on dessert alone. I can't. The famed red velvet pancakes are literally a flattened red velvet cake with whipped cream AND cream cheese syrup. Sugar with sugar on top of sugar. On my quest to give myself type II diabetes, this certainly could do the trick.I could definitely see myself coming back here, but maybe for some more savory fare. I felt sick to my stomach after eating about half the short stack. It's like when you're a teenager and you think that Mike's Hard Lemonade is a) good and b) a good way to get drunk. I've graduated to getting drunk off classier items (Zima) and should have graduated to something less sugary for my midday meal.
4	Been over a year since my last review & I've visited a couple times since then so an update is due!Service has improved. No lost tickets anymore! Lol. I've noticed they're not consistent with their red velvet pancakes but I like it nonetheless. I'm excited to come here & try their other pancakes. They always come up with something new to create so check their chalkboard in the cashier area!
3	BabyStacks we gotta talk. We've known each other for a long time, you took my red velvet pancake virginity away, but its time to part and go separate ways. I have to... eat different egg benedicts... you know???Back in the day there was a ton of hype for BSC, all my friends were uploading pictures of their glorious pancakes. Now that hype is over and being an egg making master I've become disappointed with the eggs. The previous visits I've always had eggs that are overcooked, makes me sad. The portions have gotten smaller and isn't exactly the cheapest spot in the neighborhood. These days my tooth isn't as sweet anymore to devour their variety of pancakes. I've always thought $3 for a smaller glass of orange juice is a bit high. While BSC does have an array of Hawaiian breakfast items, it just doesn't scream excellence or cause any cravings. However if you are determined to have your first meal of the day at BSC, my favorites were the kalua benedict, the Huntington skillet, and carrot cake pancakes. Service has always been fine, water gets refilled, no problems with the bill, and orders are correct.Au revoir BSC!
5	Favorite favorite favorite place!!! Amazing EVERYTHING!  I don't think I've ever eaten anything here that I didn't like. Red velvet pancakes are definitely a MUST! Can't ever go there without having some! Oh and I'm super excited for the new location by centennial!!! Near my house!!!
5	I've tried just about everything on the package menu n I wasn't disappointed with anything. I really don't like super sweet syrups and toppings and although the photos make it look like it's gonna be a sugar overload I was surprised that it wasn't overwhelming at all. Just a perfect drizzle of toppings.
4	Coming from out of town I had literally no expectations. One my friends suggested we try this place after they had heard about it on a previous trip to Vegas. Got to try a pretty good array of dishes because we were a group of four and very willing to share a bite of everything. The pancakes are obviously what people come in for, and they are phenomenal don't get me wrong -- but I actually really loved the zippy's chili skillet. Chili on breakfast seems so obvious, but for whatever reason I would have never thought to put it together -- it was hands down the best thing we ate there that day. I ordered the spam scramble, which was just meh, but I probably should've figured that since no other Yelpers really mentioned it at all. Lemon Ricotta Pancakes & Carrot Cake Pancakes were our babystacks of choice, and boy were they good! Get yourself off the strip and try this place -- it's totally worth it.
5	We ordered a few things, a savory crepe from the specials, red velvet pancakes and kalua pig benedict from the regular menu/ The special wasn't too special, but the pancakes and benedicts were the BEST! The red velvet pancakes were very rich and the cream cheese syrup went perfect together! Though it was quite crowded on the weekend, it was worth it! MMM I may just head there right now...
3	When we first arrived we were a bit concerned because at 8:30am no cars were out front. But we decided to check it out anyway and glad we did. Always nice to get away from the strip and check out a locals place. There were many tasty sounding options and it took me a while to decide! It's cool to be able to order a skillet or omelet and have the side as a specialty pancake option. I chose the Piglet skillet: crunchy potatoes, good melted cheddar, eggs cooked as ordered, sausage, ham, and bacon. Pancake choice was rocky road short stack, which I didn't love (but it was still good) because the chocolate overpowered the almonds and marshmallows. The coffee was a basic weaker brew and the tea only green or black. So for a breakfast place, found myself wishing for better hot drink choices. Good friendly service was appreciated. The bathrooms are a bit grimy. Overall would try again because several pancake choices caught my eye and I would like to give them a try.
4	Great menu, and the Orange Creamsicle pancakes I ordered were very tasty (and original).  Reasonable prices, and friendly staff.  One thing I did notice it things were somewhat disorganized.  I saw lots of open seating, but they were too slow to seat people, even with the 15-30min wait list that was quite long.  What I found odd was the counter seating was not available for walk-up, but rather had to put your name on the list.  I am curious to try other dishes next time I'm in the area.
2	During our Vegas "Getaway" my wife and I were tired of breakfast buffet's so we decided to check this place out to get away from the cigarette smoke and drunks. The place is very small and the wait was about 25 min. The server was friendly and attentive. I ordered the Portuguese sausage and eggs. My food was very bland. No flavor! i added salt, ketchup and Tabasco and then we had something good going. I ordered the Orange Creamsicle pancakes and they were just okay. Nothing out of this world or won't make me go back. All i can say is that this place is better than going to a Casino buffet.
4	I love me a good brunch, especially after a night of heavy drinking in Vegas.  Babystacks is a good option if you have a car and want to get away from the Strip for a second.I came here after one such night in Vegas last month, and a delicious fusion brunch was exactly what I needed.  The wait for our party of five wasn't too long, only about 20 minutes or so (compared to our epic wait the night before at Bachannal, this was easy peasy).  I ordered the adobo fried rice, which comes out wrapped in an omelette.  The dish normally comes out with macaroni salad, but they let me change it out for the breakfast potatoes.  I liked the fried rice, but honestly I thought the entire dish was a little dry.  The breakfast potatoes were lightly fried and cubed, so it was hard to go wrong with these.  Since there were a few of us, I was lucky to try some other things too.  The loco moco was amazing, hands-down the best dish we had at the table.  The sauce was on point and the beef was so good, especially for the hungover.  The Kalua pig benedict was good, although not super impressive.  While everyone at the table raved about the white chocolate macadamia nut and red velvet pancakes, I personally thought they were both a bit dry.  Of course, you can dunk the red velvet in the cream cheese dressing on the side, but that's just a bit too sweet for me.  Maybe it's because I'm not really a sweet tooth, but I'd come back for the loco moco.Service:  Pleasant and friendly.  Ma-and-pa local run kind of place.Bottom line:  You know those dishes where you try a bite of your friend's and you wish you had ordered that dish?  Loco moco.  No regrets.  And if you have a sweet tooth, try the red velvet or one of the other pancakes.
3	We found this place via Yelp and decided to give it a try.I had the carrot cake pancake stack (short - I have no idea how hungry you would have to be to consume the full stack!) and a side of the Portugese sausage.The pancakes had a great flavor, not too sweet, and the cream cheese syrup was also great, but I wish there was more of it as it didn't cover all three pancakes in the short stack.The Portugese sausage had good flavor (and was a generous portion) I am not sure it went with the pancakes I ordered, but I wanted to try something unusual - the sausage is kind of like kielbasa I would say, or perhaps a chorizo.The prices of the pancakes were very reasonable and I would go back and try some of the other options on the menu.
1	I didn't like at all, I was in front of the girl waiting for a table and she didn't want to talk to me and 5 min latter, because I did'nt move she "notice me" and then she told me: you need to wait 25min, OMG she was rude and I need wait 25min!!
5	Wowee! I was treated to breakfast at Babystacks Cafe, partly in thanks to the amount of reviews on yelp. They were easy to find, being in this town for the first time and not knowing where anything is. Arriving at about 11:00 on a Friday, it was pretty busy. The place was packed; all tables full and all the waiting benches inside were almost full (about 8/12 seats). Staff was nice, informed of us a 25 minute wait that turned out to be about 10 minutes. They were turning people out surprisingly quickly. Food looked as I'd it was coming out quickly as well. The menu was a very unique concoction of dessert-style pancakes, and Filipino/island style flair. The latter having a special place in my heart, I ordered the "Adobo fried rice omelette". I didn't realize it at first, but it also came with a side of mac salad! My face lit up when our hostess asked if that was alright. It was $9.25, which some may think is a bit on the high end. It was entirely worth it. Out food came out in under 15 minutes. The portions were rather generous, about an 8"x3" omelette and a deceivingly deep side dish of mac salad. The amount of food is enough to satiate any appetite, and have later as a fourth meal. I'm admittedly picky when it comes to mac salad, and was delighted when I took my first bite of it. It wasn't the least bit runny and wasn't overpowered by mayo. If I could have ordered a pint (I'm from out of town) I definitely would have. The omelette itself was not disappointing in the slightest. The egg was reasonably seasoned, and garnished with green peppers. The fried rice/chicken adobo filling was just what I was craving. If you're not used to adobo, you may find the taste of vinegar unexpected! It had a wonderfully bold taste. The chicken was obviously well soaked, it was very tender and well shredded. The building it's in looks pretty new, the lot is nicely paved, and the inside of the restaurant was clean. Whenever I'm in the area again I will definitely be back. Fantastic food, friendly staff, reasonably priced, and there is a good sized parking lot.
2	I went here because a friend said... "oh, you have got to try this place, the pancakes are to die for..."So I did!  The red velvet pancakes were OUTSTANDING, the service was fair (he messed up my order), and the rest was blah...So we know the pancakes rock, but the Kailua Pork Benedict  and garlic rice almost made me PUKE!   My friend said, get the garlic rice, get the garlic rice...so I did... ugh slap me hard with a tire iron... it was mushy and tasted like garlic.  SO WHAT!!!  The benedict came with cabbage, ick, ick, ick... there was not enough pork to provide a different texture from the muffin.   It was DISGUSTING PERIOD!!!
5	Wow!  I've heard of this place many times + my daughter loooooves it and goes all of the time with her father, but I hadn't yet been until the other day. First of all, Zippys chili?!?!  OMG!!!  That's one of the main things I miss about Hawaii, Zippy's!  I ordered a create your own omelette with onions, peppers, mushrooms, and tomatoes and a side of red velvet pancakes.  My daughter got a breakfast with hash browns, eggs, red velvet pancakes and bacon. Both dishes were awesome + priced very reasonably. We both ate there for $18 including tax and 25% tip.  Our waitress was awesome and service from all staff was amazing. Can't think of a single thing to complain about! Can't wait to go back and get the chili!
5	Just returned for my second visit this past weekend. This place has yet to disappoint! Both times there has been a bit of a wait, but it's well worth it. Staff is always super friendly. Food is unique, delish and filling. My only complaint is the regular syrup seems to harden and become chunky, but still does the job.
5	Had the country fried steaks and eggs. It was awesome! Red velvet pancakes were delicious with the cream cheese syrup!
5	I don't have much to add about this place that hasn't already been said in other reviews, but here is my review nonetheless. Babystacks is a true gem in Las Vegas! We used to travel clear across town to their location on the north side of Vegas just for their amazing Red Velvet pancakes. When we found out there was a new location on the west side of town and just minutes from our house we were sooooooo happy! From the Red velvet pancakes to the zippy's omelet, everything we've tried there has been amazingly delicious. Only drawback is the dining space is small and there is usually a wait, but some things are just worth waiting for! Try this place out. You will not be disappointed.
5	Awesome breakfast.  We arrived around 8 am on last Saturday..no wait.  Good timing...there was a steady stream of customers while we ate.  Our server was super sweet and attentive.  I had the bacon and eggs, with an upgrade to the Lemon Ricotta pancakes.  The BF had the Piglet Skillet.  Boy, do you get your money's worth!!!  The breakfast potatoes were crispy, perfectly seasoned and delicious.  The Lemon Ricotta pancakes were perfect compliment - not too heavy, leaning towards a delicious crepe.  We both had food to take home but it didn't last - we ate the leftovers before lunch (we were organizing the garage and needed the carbs!)  We will definitely be back!
2	Nothing special. Had an omelette and it tasted like something I'd have in a buffet line. Their toast is amazing though as weird as it sounds. Good butter!! May come back to try speciality pancakes!
5	The pancakes were out of this world (Red velvet and Cinnabon) I highly recommend this place. Wish there was a location closer to my house.
2	#BabyStacksCafe #LasVegas "Bacon Pancakes & Chicken Adobo Fried Rice Omelette":  Yo!  TIME.  OUT.  Wait!  I'm goin' straight to the point, nah'imsayin'?  I ordered the short stack version of the bacon pancakes b, and yo' I thought they tried to play me son!  So they gave me the short stack, 3 pancakes nahmean?  I'm like cool, and then they had 2 ripped pieces of bacon floatin' on top yo like somebody bit my bacon and left me the fat part.  The FAT part son!  I'm like, yo I thought the menu said bacon infused pancakes b!?  I didn't see no bacon bits creatively infused into the pancake son, matter of fact, I'm glad I didn't complain off top!  Because they did have bacon in the pancakes but it was one whole piece per pancake like as if they cooked one side, waited 3 minutes, threw a piece of bacon on it, flipped it, then cooked it another 3 minutes.  And my bacon was mad chewy son! C'mon son!  If it's Filipino inspired, you know we like our shits crispy b!  Almost burnt to the point where it gets a little ashy nahmean!?  It felt like I was eatin' rubber pancakes with a toy piece of bacon I got from my youngn's fake stove, you understand?  Anyway, I ate it all, cause I was hungry.  Good thing my main event came through tho.  The Chicken Adobo Fried Rice Omelette was right on the money.  I wish they gave me more macaroni salad tho son, they gave me a baby scoop b.  I'm 26 years old fam!  You can't give me the baby scoop with the adult main event son.  I ate that shit in one bite and had nothin' else to off set the adobo flavor.  But yo, I ain't even tryna play this place son, because I saw some other shit on the menu that was probably way better than what I got.  I'm also Filipino, so grabbin' some Filipino food probably wasn't the best idea because my moms be makin' that shit since I was 3 yo, so I'm not really impressed by it nahmean?  All in all, if you tryna impress a shorty yo, do NOT take her here unless you don't care about her or you live 5 minutes away and she says "If you buy me breakfast, I'll tickle your fancy".  That's the only time you take a broad here yo.  Anyway, yo the waiter was cool, had my water filled up before I had to ask so you know I was pretty satisfied.  But overall I give this place a 3 out of 7 rating b.  #MoochEats
2	I really wanted to love this place. Looking at Yelp and checking all the crazy pancakes they had to offer, I was excited to try this place. When I tasted the food, excitement ended.Let me say that the service was great. No problems in that area. I ordered the carrot cake pancakes.  Came with some icing to serve as a syrup.  I was like okay this is different...it should work.  It would have worked...if the pancakes weren't as dry as cardboard.  I felt like I was eating a carrot cake flavored notebook! I like syrup since it soaks in and helps in the event that you jack up and overcook the cakes.  The icing just sat on top and did nothing.  It was rough.  I'm not saying this place is bad.  I would give it another chance when I'm in town.  Maybe they just had an off day (with my plate).  With so many choices in pancakes, I would try it again.  Next time...better be on point tho!
5	Red Velvet pancakes with cream cheese mmmm. The full stack can feed 2 people. Everything in the menu looks so good. I would gladly wake up early after partying to get more food.. That's saying a lot
2	This place has got to win the award for having "the most number of bias votes".  Food may be made fresh in their kitchen, as they claim, but its all cheap ingredients ordered from US Foods/Sysco!  Pancakes tasted like yuck and were very small, texture was awful, looked unpleasant.  Anyone in the city who really knows what good food tastes like and looks like wouldn't dare give this place above 3 stars; even if the earth was about to end. My Filipina mother wanted to slap me across the face when I brought her here.  She said the food looks like "tae" (poop) and reminds her of old diner food.
4	Delicious pancakes but their Adobo fried rice was nasty.
3	Monkey read about this place, heard from friends and was all set to start writing up a stellar review... Eh, not so much.Service was spot on.  Friendly, helpful and right on.  Let's get that straight.  CARROT CAKES (short stack) - crisp edges, tasty but dry carrot cake.  MUST have the cream cheese syrup, even as much as I tried to hold back.  KALUA PIG BENEDICT w/GARLIC FRIED RICE - Sounds great, right?   Pig is cooked in crock pot, not smoked nor baked... thus pig is not very flavorful and therefore, tastes just like another benedict.  Eh, it'll do.  Monkey may return to try other items.  There's a jillion pancake flavors to choose from, so no doubt a cheat day will happen here.
5	When we travel we like to support local businesses. Thus we looked for a good local restaurant for breakfast. The Babystack Cafe was a great find. It is a little drive from the strip but well worth the drive. It is clean, friendly and the food was excellent. The prices are very reasonable, I had the peanut butter and banana pancakes and they were excellent. I am glad we drove to this place. It is a very local hang out and definitely clean an friendly.
5	Five stars for the red velvet pancakes alone. Plus we were served quickly even though the place was packed when we came in, which I took as a good sign. I will definitely be back here next time I'm in Vegas!
3	As far as I'm concerned breakfast is the best meal of the day. I love funky spots like this one. I've been here a couple of times and have tried a savory dish and a pancake dish every time.THE GOOD: the pancakes are amazing! Not only are they cooked flawlessly, but there are some creative toppings. Red velvet, banana fosters, cinnamon bun & s'mores. Hands down best pancakes I've had in years.THE BAD: service isn't that attentive. There wasn't any sugar on my table and it took almost 10 mins to get the attention of a server. Also we weren't pressed on how we liked our half uneaten entrees. Which leads me to...THE UGLY: neither anyone I've gone with or myself have ever gotten a savory dish that was good. The Kailua pig Benedict's sounded great, but I was eventually grateful they don't give you much pig. Pretty flavorless. This last time I tried the chili loco moco special. Horrible! Hamburger was dry, egg over cooked and it was served over dry jasmine rice. Why would you ever do loco moco over jasmine rice?Bottom line if you want pancakes come here. If they had been average I would have given this place 1 star.
2	First time at BabyStacks was ok. Nothing to write home about. I think I would like to try it again just to see. The plain pancakes were solid. The corned beef hash was bland and the potatoes were underdone. My boyfriend had the orange creme pancakes and said they were ok, though the syrup tasted artificial. The garlic rice is quite something, but you better LOVE garlic because it's strong. Like I said- I'd try it again and would probably get something more characteristically Hawaiian- like some sort of spam scramble. I suspect that they get that right.
5	OMG! Avocado Turkey Sandwich is sooo good! I loved it. Thanks Allie , the food server, for recommending it. Thumbs up!
3	Stopped in on a Sunday around noon. Wait was approximately 30 minutes. Ordered the Portuguese sausage and eggs with the buttermilk pancakes. Service was four out of five stars. Didn't have to wait too long to request condiments. Prices were fair. Portion sizes are also pretty good. Food was a bit under seasoned but that was easily remedied.Overall I would return on another trip and perhaps try a different breakfast choice
5	Staff are very friendly, adobo fried rice was bomb.  Red velvet and cinnabon pancakes were also very good.  Pork eggs benedict was good, although, portion was a bit tiny for me.
5	I've been coming here for a while now, and I've never gotten to posting a review until today. I think this place is amazing! Their food is delicious and really good. I love the cowboy skillet. I would really recommend this place to anyone looking for a clean nice place, that serves delicious food.
5	Red velvet pancakes are seriously the best! We got a short stack to share and I'm so regretting we didn't get the full stack (I might have to stop by before I leave Vegas to get another). I had the chicken adobo fried rice omelette and was really impressed, different combination than I've seen, but it works. We got there at 1pm on a Tuesday so didn't have to wait.  :)
4	Love everything, the only reason I give 4 instead of 5 is because it disorganized ... When it's busy it's hectic and clearly they're understaffed.
2	The two recent times that I've been here, I came for the garlic fried rice.1st time, it tasted more like ONION fried rice than anything and no taste. Needed salt.2nd time, I gave it another shot; and although it wasn't onion fried rice like the previous occasion...there still wasn't any taste. They don't like to use salt, apparently.
5	I've been here several times now with same results. Great food and service. All the items on the menu that I've tried so far have not disappointed. Servers are quick to respond to request and are very friendly. I'm looking forward to trying the centennial location and I hope it's as good.
5	very yummy.i liked the adobo chicken rice wrapped in egg thing.  it was nice flavor.  the macaroni salad was very comforting.  the carrot cake pancakes were yummyi tried ger-ger's pork benedict.  very good.nice fusion filipino / american breakfast food.very nice server.
5	My family is a brunch family; so when they came to town this week, I finally headed the long-time advice of a co-worker, and took them out to BabyStacks.This is a problem, because I live next door to BabyStacks, and Babystacks is wonderful. The menu is that perfect pokemon inducing length where you absolutely want to try everything, and that seems like a totally achievable goal.I had the Orange Dreamsicle Pancakes, which were actual orange flavored, and just lightly sweet. The cream cheese syrup and fluffy homemade whipped cream made them a real treat, and rounded out the flavors. I got a side of bacon that was crispy, flavorful, and perfect, and a nice bottomless cup of coffee, as brunch requires.My mom had the Cinnamon Bun Pancakes, and from the taste we swapped, they were amazing. My dad had the Strawberry, and would not take a break from inhaling them to answer any questions. He also refused to share. High praise indeed.I'll be back to Babystacks soon, and often. YUM.
3	Walked in at 2:40 and was greeted by waitors sitting at the bar saying "are you fcken serious?!" Getting annoyed because we are making them do there job. Working years as a busboy and waitor I understand its a bit annoying when customers come minute before closing. I don't think 20minutes is anything to complain about though. On top of that its very unprofessional. Its not my fault you signed up to work at job you don't feel like doing.Aside from an unwelcoming rude greeting from the waitress sitting at the bar during work hours..our waitress Ally was nice and helpful. Food was good we had their red.velvet pancakes and the huntington which  was bomb!! Price is worth it! The red velvet with the dipping sauce was perfectly sweet.Would definitely be coming back to eat the redvelvet pancakes but at a different location.
5	Red velvet pancakes were awesome. Had a great time visiting with family.  Was pleasantly surprised with the variety of food options.  Super nice waitstaff!!!
5	OMG!!!! The red velvet pancake served with cream cheese syrup is just amazing. They are crispy from the outside and fluffy and light from the inside and with the cream cheese, the combination is deadly.Do yourself a favor order the full serving which comes with 6 pancakes...  We also tried the spinach Benedict. It was average not bad at all. But after having the pancake, I did not feel like eating it at all.Come here for the pancakes, there is generally 15-20 mins of wait, but the pancakes are worth the wait.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! They have a stupid policy that doesnt allow them to seat incomplete parties. This was my first time coming here. I arrived with my daughter and said we had 5 altogether. They said I had to wait til all were there at first and I was fine with that. My sister and her boyfriend arrived 5 mins later and I said we were ready. The waitress replied "So theres only 4 people now?" I said no my brother is parking. Instead of seating us she said they could not seat us until ALL were there. Today is THANKS GIVING and the restaurant was half empty with NO LINE. Being in an industry that deals mainly with customer service I understand their are certain policies all companies have but there is COMMON SENSE when to bend the rules. For being a smaller cafe they sure can't afford to deny business especially for only being a local spot. They have 2 signs which were pretty negative from the get.1. Be nice or leave2. We can't sit incomplete parties.(Which is understandable is they were BUSY)Both signs just deny business. Morons!!!!
5	Easy parking in the big lot, fast seating, & super friendly service started this experience off with all my fave things. And then the FOOD happened, & it was all over:Steak & Eggs - I chose their oniony, garlicky garlic fried rice instead of potatoes - SO GOOD with my poached & runny eggs.  The steak was perfectly rare, & my side of hollandaise made me happy.  AND - I upgraded the plain pancakes that came with to:Red Velvet pancakes - not the best textured pancake bc it was a little on the dry or overdone side, but the chocolate shavings & fresh whipped cream & cream cheese-y syrup that came with it made each bite yummy!  The small stacks are two small pancakes, which are the perfect size to try them yet not stuff yourself silly.Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs - I had a bite of this & it was damn good!  The crispy battered steak & the gravy were really good.  Hash browns were kindof basic, but the upgrade to these were SO good:Banana Cream Pie pancakes - another short stack of two perfectly textured, light & fluffy little pancakes, topped with vanilla pudding, sliced fresh bananas, & fresh whipped cream.  These were THE BEST!! Their selection of unique kalua pork menu items (grilled cheese & benedict) as well as fried rice rolled into an omelette make me wonder why these guys don't come to LA!!This is one of the best breakfast places I've been to.  Definitely a must if you're in the area!!
3	Presentation is a 5.  But I can't taste presentation, so I'm giving this a 3.  Banana creme pancakes looked incredible as they were served to us.  Bananas, whipped creme, drizzle of some kind of brown stuff on top..yummy!   But taking one bite, I was confused.  The toppings and the pancake didn't work together and the pancake definitely lacked a punch.  I've had great banana pancakes (Bruddah's in Gardena, CA) but these were kind of disappointing.Blueberry pancakes - same batter as the other pancakes with some blueberries pushed inside and topped with fresh blueberries as well.  Kid will devour anything with blueberries so she like them but once again, the pancake doesn't deliver.  (Stacks in Dana Point, CA - now thats a blueberry pancake!)Chili skillet - this was very tasty but I wish it had more chili.  One more scoop of that delicious chili would have made me much happier.  I wish the potatoes were swimming in that stuff!  Combine that with a sunny side egg... ono.Cornbeef hash - this was ok.  Just a plain ground cornbeef hash patty with rice and eggs.  Not too spicy but could have been burned just a little bit longer on the skillet.Service was good and seating was faster than quoted.  Also noticed the tables were promptly cleaned after someone leaves.  Kind of far but its a decent alternative to an expensive weekend brunch on the strip.
5	I'm still angry at my best buddy, who lives/lived in Vegas, for not taking me here sooner.  HOLY COW.  SO DELICIOUS.  I cry when I think of the red velvet pancakes.  I cry even more when thinking of the kalua pig omelette.  We went for brunch on Friday at around 11:30 AM.  There were a group of 6 before us but other than that, not much of a wait.  We got our seats within 10 minutes.  Love that they had Hawaii-an food selection.  i ordered the kalua pig omelette while one bff got a crepe and the other bff (who i'm mad at), got the red velvet panackes. The crepe, was just a crepe.  But the pancakes were warm and delicious and so much like a red velvet cupcake.  A perfect accompaniment to my slightly salty kalua pig.The kalua pig was perfectly salted and made me miss home just a bit.  The portion was generous; if I were going home after brunch, I'd save some to eat for later.  But I wasn't so I went ahead and ate most of it.  My crepe-bff ate what I couldn't finish.I can't wait to come back to Vegas for this place!  Slots/gambling/clubbing, I'm not such a huge fan.  But this place, is worth flying back for.
5	Absolutely adorable place to eat. It's simple and comfortable. The service was great, we were seated promptly and were very well taken care of. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and it was hittin' it. Definitely going to eat there again.
5	WHO: For the Breakfast and Lunch of Champions!!WHERE: Located in the small plaza on South Buffalo and Flamingo.WHEN: During the weekdays, they are open from 7am-2pm. On the weekends, they are open from 7am-3pm.WHAT: I cannot believe I have not yet written a review for my ultimate favorite breakfast spot ever!!!Whenever I am not at work, or wake up early enough to eat breakfast, this is the first place on my mind! I am so glad they are opening up several new locations (this is the 2nd location) because the lines were out the door!!As everyone recommends, the Red Velvet pancakes are always a hit! Personally, my favorite pancake is the Banana Cream Pie pancakes!! There are so many to choose from, and I bet they are all great. Hmm. I just thought of a new goal.. TRY ALL THE PANCAKES ON THE MENU!Along with the dessert, the food is undoubtedly WONDERFUL! From the Adobo Omelet, Kahlua Pork Benedict, Kahlua Pork Grilled Cheese, to the Portuguese Sausage and Egg, you cannot go wrong with anything you decide to get. EVERYTHING IS DELICIOSO!!!So take the time off and bring your family here for an amazing Breakfast/Brunch! Not only will the adults love it, the kids will have a blast from all the stacks of pancakes you will be getting, since you will probably all be TRYING ALL OF THE PANCAKES ON THE MENU! ;)
5	Babystacks was amazing. Friendly and helpful staff, delicious food, reasonable prices! Ate there and loved the food so much that i ordered a separate to-go order for later! Highly recommend everything! Friends and i had the: lemon ricotta pancakes, red velvet panckes and hazelnut pancakes. Cream cheese syrup is awesome! Also had the loco moco and adobo fried rice stuffed in an omelet. Are you drooling yet? Yum!
2	We went here because we had been hearing about it from friends as being amazing. First off, the wait is going to be extremely long as seating is limited here. If you can withstand the wait, you will get seated very closely with other customers. We like our privacy when eating, not listening to our neighbors conversations. Then I wasn't very hungry, so I saw the kids meals were available. It never stated anywhere on the menu that you are not able to get a kids meal over a certain age or anything. So I thought, what a great idea to get the perfect amount of food since I wasn't that hungry. Well, the waitress was very rude and would not allow it, despite me even showing her there is nothing showing an age limit. I settled on just a drink and small side item. The food is good and prices are alright. Service once seated took a little while as well. I will not be returning, to this location at least. It really struck me badly when the waitress would not allow me to order what was on the menu. If you don't want me to order kids meals, put something on the menu stating that only under 12 or something.
3	So my mom and I were looking for a great, inexpensive brunch spot on our way out of town. We read all these reviews on yelp about the pancakes. So we chose this place. It was also my mom's birthday... I love everything red velvet and had to have the pancakes, however the Cinnabon ones were also ones we wanted to try. So we got short stacks of both. In addition we split the Spinach and Bacon Eggs Benedict. The Benedict came with a choice of hash browns or seasoned potatoes. I am pretty sure that most of the food is typical Sysco food, I'm not even sure the hollandaise is freshly made. With that said however, the Benedict was delicious. I ate one potato and pushed them aside, should have ordered the hash browns. We did have a ton of food though so it wasn't like I was starving for more food. Now to the pancakes. I made the mistake of not telling our server to put everything on the side as they put so much whipped cream(fresh homemade) and powdered sugar and some chocolate dust. I removed all the toppings and went for the bottom one. I liked the pancake, it was cooked perfectly, super fluffy and warm. I was not so thrilled with the "icing" it needed more of a cream cheese flavor because it settled at the bottom. I liked it but I didn't love it. I had a bite of the Cinnabon pancake, although too sweet for me I liked it better. It didn't need any syrup because it had the icing already on it and the pecans made it crunchy and perfect. Again it was a perfectly cooked pancake. My mom would give this place 4... And a 5 just for the pancakes. I can't. Looking around at the egg dishes, they looked so generic and again, like Sysco food products. I'd say if you want fantastic pancakes go there, but if you want eggs then pass.
3	Bottom line first: good breakfast at a good price.Not a fan of the way the restaurant is set up, making it very crowded. This is the second location, and they opened it because the line was always out the door at the tiny first location, but I'm not sure it alleviated anything. They now have two tiny locations with long waits. Note: a tiny cup of syrup is all you get for your pancakes.. if you want more it is 75 cents per cup! Service is iffy but great food keeps us coming back.
3	Service could've been better if our waitress was more friendly. Food was okay. I would probably just go there for the red velvet pancakes. I'm not a fan of pancakes or sweet things so I imagined it to be very sweet but it wasn't. I tried the spam scramble with garlic rice which was okay. Ricks adobo fried rice was bland. The rice had no taste. The ranchero omelette had the most flavor out of all the plates which was mainly due to the sauce, but it was good.
5	Why oh why can't this place be in Florida?!?!My bf told me about this place and that we HAD to get breakfast here and definitely go here. Well we did just that! This place is small, but it makes you feel like you're at home.  We came around brunch time, and it was packed!  We only had to wait about 30 minutes and trust it's worth the wait.I'm a lover of breakfast/brunch food, and gosh after reading the menu over and over I seriously just wanted a small portion of EVERYTHING! haha. But finally decided on Rick's Adobo Fried Rice. Lord have mercy!!!! Super super delicious, and the portion of this omelet stuffed adobo fried rice was insane!  I really loved the fact that the fried rice was served with egg because I was thinking about ordering a side of eggs, welp, sure didn't have to! It was divine, I don't know how else to explain it but dude JUST GET IT!My bf ordered the LOCO MOCO and that was another nom nom nom dish!  The gravy with the beef patty was glorious AND served with eggs, uh hello?! SCORE!  He also ordered the RED VELVET PANCAKES, since we kept seeing on other yelpers review that it was a MUST, and let's just say it was the BEST red velvet pancakes I've ever had!  The cream cheese syrup was absolutely delicious!! My new favorite way of having syrup! Genius!Alright, stop reading this review and go order already! This place is great and I'm definitely coming back whenever I visit!
1	HAD THE WORST EXPERIENCE!!!! my momther and my friend and i went to babystacks on mon. around 1:00pm  when we arrived we were seated in this really busy small area, at the same time another person asked if they could move from this area due to the fact there were not alot of people there and there were alot of empty tables, she was told no, so we decided to move to the other section, when the other person saw us she moved as well. My mother who is 80yrs. old actually today went to go to the bathroom to find out it was OUT OF ORDER... when we asked the hostess she said it wasnt cleaned.. so my mom went to the mens room instead to find out it was FILTHY, so there i was cleaning a public bathroom myself so my 80 yr. mother could go to the bathroom... when i brought this to the managers att. her response  was " o ok" at that point we picked ourselves up and we left... its a shame we loved there food but will NEVER go back to a filthy place like this again , way to many amazing breakfast places in our area.... so thanks to a ditzy hostess and a useless manager....
3	I love going off The Strip to eat when I'm in Vegas. We found Baby Stacks on Yelp and it was about a 15 min drive from our hotel. On a Sunday morning, the wait time 30-40 min was pretty standard.The place was small and packed full of people which was a great sign! We were seated at the bar and impressed by the variety of pancakes. They sounded more like different pies or cheesecakes.One dish caught my eye: homemade corned beef hash + eggs + rice + pancakes! Ii wasn't a fan of their homemade version because it didn't have enough potatoes and wasn't cooked enough, so it felt like dog food. I think I would have preferred the canned corned beef hash.My sister got the Spam version. We had to. YOLO.The rice was a nice touch to breakfast. Reminded me of being at home. I wasn't too impressed by the pancakes, my sister got carrot cake and cinnabun pancakes. They were a tad too sweet for my taste and also I prefer a fluffier pancake.Overall, this was a cute place. Service was friendly and you can tell this place is a hit with the locals and tourists.
5	We had the kahula benidict and the red velvet pancakes. Both were excellent, and the service was fantasic. They were very kid friendly.
5	My go to breakfast place when I'm in Vegas. Pork eggs Benedict and lemon ricotta pancakes are my sweet and savory picks. Worth every penny And everyone minute waiting. Wish there was something like this in irvine.
3	Let me start by saying that I was happy to get off the strip for breakfast. The Husband and I were very excited to try this place given their good reviews and their amazing sounding menu. When we arrived, it was pretty empty, but I guess that's expected on a Monday and only a couple days before Christmas. We were seated and I must have spent 30 minutes trying to make up my mind on what to get...it was a pretty big decision after all. Finally, I decided to get what the Husband called 'the coward's breakfast' (since I just avoided making a decision by getting one of everything) which consisted of 2 eggs, rice with garlic/onion stuffs, and 2 hazelnut pancakes (I couldn't make up my mind....I call it the Most Winning Breakfast...but that's me!). He got the orange creamsicle pancakes. The pancakes were tiny, but filling. Mine had got od flavor, but were served kind of cold. The rice was not as delicious as I thought...it was garlicky, but didn't have any flavor beyond that. The eggs were cooked well. The husband liked his pancakes, but I didn't care for them. The service was attentive. Overall, it was fine, but definitely not deserving of the raves I had heard....just another breakfast place IMO.
3	We ended up going here when we were looking for a quick breakfast one morning.  We had actually planned on going to the donut shop next door, but their selections was lackluster to say the least.   The restaurant was PACKED when we got in there.  Every table except one two seater was full.  It was too crowded to easily walk through, but in had a pleasant vibe.  It must be said I DO NOT like pancakes.  My husband ordered cinnabon pancakes and I ordered pumpkin pancakes with a side of homefries.  Ordering was a challenge as the employees were standing in front of the specials board and we couldn't read it.  Breakfast came out in a timely manner.  The pancakes were smaller than I expected for the price.  The syrups that came out were also very small.  We bother requested regular syrup on the side.  The white icing style syrup that came with mine was AWESOME and the highlight of the trip.  My husband was disappointed with his meal bc the pancakes were too small and stacked poorly on the plate so the syrup ran off the side.  The homefries were good, similar in flavor to the Egg and I.  We are not likely to go back to this place...  just not a good value for the money
4	I'm definitely not in love with the basic breakfast I ordered, which was the sausage and eggs. The sausage and eggs were average at best but the red velvet pancakes were to die for! I would certainly go back to try some of the local favorites they had on the menu. Overall this restaurant has great potential I think I just have to expand my food horizons. :)
4	It was my first time here and I loved the atmosphere, the Hawaiian music in the background and also their food! When I came here I ordered the adobo fried rice and the red velvet pancakes. The red velvet pancakes melts in your mouth and the amount of sweetness is perfect. I'm from out of town, so the next time I visit Las Vegas, I'll be sure to come here again!
4	It's no joke when people say Las Vegas is the 9th Hawaiian island.  And when I walked into BabyStacks Cafe, I honestly felt like I was walking into a restaurant at home.  Hawaiian music playing in the background, local Hawaii people abound inside... In a strange way, it reminded me of Koa Pancake House in Hawaii, but BabyStacks certainly has a much better and more diverse menu.  From eggs to pancakes - there is something for everyone!! The pancakes it seems are their speciality as they have everything from whole wheat pancakes to red velvet.  And the food portions are HUGE!  The pancakes were great.  Chewy on the outside, soft on the inside.  Their omelette was also huge!   The menu is seriously overwhelming with so much to choose from.
5	Awesome breakfast. We had the red velvet and Cinnabon pancakes as well as the breakfast burrito and cowboy omelets....and had to try a side if the garlic rice...everything was great. They were very busy but the staff hustled!!! We will be back!
5	Red Velvet Pancakes...need I say more!? Homemade whipped cream, icing and a chocolate sprinkle...heaven on a plate. Many of there breakfast items come with buttermilk pancakes on the side, but spend the extra $1.50 for these. You can also order them as a main breakfast plate, but I find that can sometimes be a bit much as far as an over-sweet experience and on the side you get just enough to experience them firsthand. Some of the things I usually get is the breakfast burrito with Portuguese sausage or the Adobo friend rice, both tasty and winning dishes. Service is quick and they will continue to come by and refill your coffee or water without having to ask or search around for assistance.The location at Smoke Ranch is by far the best, but that being said it's almost always packed with people and there's a wait. If you go to the other by Flamingo, it's MUCH less crowded. They have one other location and I also heard a Henderson location is on the way.They do ask for ID if you are paying by debit or credit, so just to be aware.Good stuff....yummy goodness!
4	We were thinking of a new place to dine.  It was early so breakfast was the meal to be had.  So, Babystacks Cafe  was the call that was made.  We walk in and the place was packed.  I'd say that's a good sign.  We put in our names and were seated within 5 minutes.We sit down, look over the menu and our waitress comes over to take our drink order.  Then comes back and takes our meal order.  She ordered the 2 egg breakfast and I got the Country Benedict.  Everything was great.  The gravy wasn't smothering and overpowering.  The hashbrowns were crispy as well.  That's all I was looking for in breakfast.  So, I was happy with BabyStacks.
4	My new favorite spot for breakfast in Vegas and it's not a buffet! We had to drive away from the strip to have this food! We came in and barely beat the morning rush. We were able to get seat right before an entire softball team came by. I ordered the Kalua Pig omlette. The BF ordered the adobo fried rice omlette. We barely spoke to each other because it was that good. I don't know why we thought we can order a stack of pancakes to share because both of these dishes were overwhelming. The BF usually can eat up a storm but he even had to take half of it home. If you came to eat then this is the dish for you. I had the Kalua Pig Omlette and the pork was cooked perfectly. It just melted in my mouth! Good service, great food, what else can you ask for!
4	A place that actually lived up to its hype.I've been hearing about this place and I finally got to try it! I was surprised at how easy it was to get a seat here at 9 am on a saturday. I was expecting more people to be here.Service: everyone was pretty friendly. The waitresses and waiters always made sure out coffee cups were full and let us know the status of our food. I decided to try the cookie butter French toast. Omg so good! I was a little hesitant because it sounded like it would be too sweet for me, but it was perfect. It was French toast with cookie butter in the middle of the breads, drizzled with Nutella. It was a little crispy on the outside and soft on te inside. If this was anything like the rest of their menu, I'm definitely going to be back!
3	S'mores, red velvet and oh so many decadent choices of pancakes! But unfortunately I'm not much of a pancake person and wanted eggs. The omelette had four eggs! That's way too many for me! So due to other choices to balance out I had two egg breakfast. I wanted to pick something different but there weren't many healthy choices. Carbs, carbs and more heavy carbs!!! I mean I could make the omelette an egg white omelette but it's an up charge and I like eggs. But the eggs did come out the way I like, the rye toast was good and the fruit salad was a good variety! Grapes, berries and melon was nice. He got the full heavy breakfast deal as he wanted hash browns and he was quiet and smiling so was happy.The customer service was great as our waitress was attentive and friendly. Nice little set up and didn't have to wait long. Good little place but for the type of breakfast I like it's average and I'll probably stick to other places.
3	I am giving only 3 stars because the other 2 people I was with did not like their breakfast. I had the short stake of Red Velvet Pancakes, and they were wonderful and I can't wait to have them again. One of breakfast companions ordered the "homemade" corned beef hash & eggs medium with toast. The hash looked like dog food that came out of a can and the eggs were runny, the toast was so dry. He said it was one of the worst breakfast's he has had. The other person upgraded their pancakes to Banana, but was brought regular instead. Waitress never asked if we needed more hot water for our tea. Another thing that drives me crazy is the 2 tables we had pushed together were 2 different heights and 1 of them wobbled like crazy. Some of the other tables were the same way. I will go back, but my 2 friends will not.
4	PANCAKE LOVERS UNITE!!!!So so many different delicious options for pancakes! There are a ton of unique flavors of pancakes offered such as banana cream pie, cinnabun, etc. Our table ordered full stacks of red velvet and s'mores pancakes to share. In my opinion, the red velvet pancakes were a little overrated because they were kind of dry unless you covered it with whip cream and cream cheese frosting... But the s'mores pancakes were delicious especially the part of the batter that had chocolate. It was like having dessert for breakfast. Those of you with a sweet tooth will be especially pleased. :)I'd definitely recommend taking the drive off the strip to come here if you want some good breakfast! Friendly and attentive service. They're only open until three pm so they specialize in breakfast foods and you can sleep in a little and go get brunch after noon. Babystacks has savory breakfast items, but I think you MUST order pancakes here at least to share with everyone at the table. My friends had been here before and did not recommend the adobo fried rice that seemed to be a highlight in many other yelp reviews. They said it was gross. This place has a lot of islander (Hawaiian) inspired breakfast items such as a spam scramble or loco moco. The boyfriend and I shared the kalua pig benedict and it was tasty! It was the favorite entree among everyone at our table. The pork was super soft and cooked perfectly, and it went well with the muffin, hollandaise sauce, and poached egg. I can't wait to come back. There's still so many more pancakes and entrees that I want to try!
4	After browsing through the yelp reviews we decided to get the most popular: Ricks adobo fried rice and the kalua pork eggs benedict. Also got a short stack of banana creme pancakes. Best choice was the pancakes! Omgahh. The banana cream on those things was heavenly. It was just like eating a piece of pie and they fluffiness of the pancakes really balanced it well. Overall it was not too sweet which made it easy to keep eating. They also give you a heaping amount of whip cream.The other two dishes were kinda meh. Im not a huge fan of egg things so thats my fault really. The adobo fried rice was good on its own but the egg it was wrapped in had no seasoning or flavor so I had to pick it apart. The eggs benedict were not poached very well and was a bit overdone and the huge glob of hollandaise sauce on top made me stop after like two bites. Overall if youre going to come here stick to the pancakes. They are heavenly. Next time I think ill try the red velvet pancakes everyone is raving about.
5	This place is so freaking good everyone should go n try it!! went there one morning (cuz I saw they have red velvet pancake) we ordered adobo fried rice omelette, kalua pig benedict, and red velvet pancake. they have adobo fried rice omelette?!?!? waaaa is this a Filipino place?!?!? hahah anyways that omelette was freaking good!!! never taste anything like it!, n the kalua pig benedict was bomb too, love their hollandaise sauce on it! But the one that was really good was their red velvet pancake (warming: do not order the full portion cuz the half portion was massive, can't imaging the full portion). I had orgasm in my mouth when I was eating that pancake... ommggg cant wait to go back again!
4	If you're visiting the strip and have a car, take a short drive to this cafe for breakfast. Prices aren't hyper inflated like the strip, and they have some unique options. I had the kalua pork eggs benedict, which was pretty tasty if you like smoked pork. And you can't go wrong with hash browns. The pancake selection is overwhelming! We loved the red velvet. The cream cheese syrup is perfect. I'm excited to come back to try the country benedict and the cookie butter french toast.One thing I tried but wasn't crazy about was the s'mores pancakes. The whole unmelted marshmallows on top were obtrusive, and the crust crumbles on top didn't taste right. I'd rather see graham crackers incorporated in the batter with lots of chocolate chips, and marshmallow cream on top.That aside, I thought it was a nice little diner with plenty of interesting delicious food to try. A great break from the strip.
4	Had a party of 7 today and everything was good so far. Friendly staff and quick seating. Although, after we got seated and placed our orders, we did not get our drinks until 10 minutes later. My friend and I were wondering why it took so long to receive waters all around. After waiting for 25 minutes we got our food. I ordered the Baby Chick Skillet for $7. It wasn't bad but it wasn't that great either. The potatoes were a bit soggy. I ordered over easy eggs to go with it and they were pretty runny. I probably won't get this again. BUT, Babystacks is known for their pancakes so I thought I'd get some. Their pancakes are the reason why I give this place 4 stars. I ordered their new "Cookies n cream" pancakes. They were amazing! The chocolate pancakes were cooked just right and were even better drenched in sweet cream sauce! My friend also gave me her lemon ricotta pancakes and they were refreshing! These crepe like pancakes with powdered sugar and sweet cream sauce were awesome. Overall, I recommend sticking to the pancakes over the food! I bet you'll enjoy them!
4	Solid breakfast place.I had the steak and eggs, because... well, Las Vegas.The eggs were very nicely cooked. The pancakes were tasty.
4	I love this place. The wait sucks, but it is usually worth it. I've been here and the first location several times with my kids. They will even wait knowing that they will get to eat the best red velvet and bananas foster pancakes ever. We also love the cinnabun and carrot pancakes. No matter what, ask for their cream cheese sauce. Amazing. As for entrees, my personal favorites are the adobo fried rice (being Filipino) and Kalua pig eggs Benedict. I also ventured to try out the Mexican skillet. Wow. Yeah, leave your diet at home and don't ask for nutritional facts. You are here for the food coma.They are really five stars, but I deducted one for the long wait. FYI: it is usually a 30-45 minute wait on Saturday / Sunday after 9am so bring your coffee, iPad, knitting project or newspaper to help pass the time. You will be pancake hoarding in no time. They have a few TVs in there for watching football games ;)
5	Wonderful attentive service and delicious food. The hazelnut pancakes are out of this world delish!
4	My daughter and I went to this new location for a late breakfast. We both ordered the bacon & eggs with pancakes, mine were the halzenuts /Nutella and hers the red velvet one. I have to say, it was great. It hit the spot.  Couple things that bothered me was we did wait a while before the food arrives, and there was a slight smell in the room. The staff was really nice.
5	Came here based on reviews from yelp. It really was extremely delicious - we were here in December on a week day and didnt have to wait to be seated. The food took a little long to come out,  but the deliciousness made up for it.
2	I met a friend there yesterday for breakfast.  I really wanted to like this place because everyone was so friendly.  Yes there is quite a wait but my friend and I were catching up so it went by quickly.  From the looks of the menu, I wanted to order everything.  Being part Filipina from Hawaii, it was refreshing to see the food had that same ethnic vibe.  I ordered the corned beef hash, eggs, & garlic fried rice.  I really didn't like the texture of the corned beef hash.  It was too processed, and like another Yelper noted, reminded me of dog food.  The garlic rice was good, like my mom's.  I also didn't care for the pancakes.  They tasted very strongly of baking powder.  I can't remember what my son ordered but he ate it all without complaints.  My friend, also from Hawaii,  ordered the Loco Moco and ate all of hers.  She ordered a short stack of the red velvet pancakes.  I tried them and again, the taste of baking powder was overpowering.  The cream cheese syrup was good.  My son ate the rest and liked them.  I am not completely turned off by the place and want to give them another try.  Perhaps the pancakes were just bad that day?  I want to try other items on the menu.  I think it's great there are Hawaiian-style breakfast items on the menu even though the owner is not from Hawaii.  Oh yeah, we were told that the chili on the menu is Zippy's chili!!!I will be back here and hope to upgrade this review.
4	Service is always good but the wait is always longgggggggggg.   Its worth waiting for though. Garlic rice is awesome.  Any pancake is A++   favorite is the loco mofo and pig grilled cheese.   I order both entrees for breakfast and just have the grilled cheese as a appetizer.  Wish they had groupon or living social deals to make it affordable and then I'd come 2-3x a week vs once a week.  Weekdays are not as busy.   Weekend be prepared for a wait.  You gotta come here.  Great meals.   Great great food
4	Sadly, I think this may have been the location of my old favorite thai restaurant, Jasmine Thai...tear...but I digress.It's a small restaurant -- and for 3 on a Saturday morning (11am-ish), the wait was awful.  There's not a big wait area inside and it was too cold to wait outside. Thankfully, we finally got in at the bar counter.I did the BYO omelette, which is cool cause you can add one of the specialty pancakes for, like, a dollar or two.  I added the lemon ricotta pancakes.  The omelette was good but I found myself adding a ton of salt and pepper.  The pancakes, however, were awesome!  The cream cheese syrup was SO GOOD.  I literally ate everything off the my plate, scraping off the last bit of the butter, which is rare for me.Definitely try the pancakes!
3	Popular breakfast place in town, best known for their variety of pancake styles. Take note ! They only seat after ENTIRE party is there. And they get pretty busy during breakfast or lunch time (only open for breakfast and lunch, for obvious reasons)Been here a few times. Various friends and family. So got to try different things. Like a normal breakfast place, they offer a variety Omelettes, pancakes, etc. They have a slight Hawaiian influence so you'll see things like kalua pork, or bbq pork, or Portuguese sausage on the menu.But the most talked about, and hyped, is their Red Velvet Pancakes. For those who dont know, red velvet is more known for the cake. Bright to dark red cake flavored with cocoa with a cream cheese icing, So essentially, simply a chocolate cake, without the overload of chocolate. My first time here, was with one other friend. We had tried the red velvet, as well as the banana cream pancake. Prior to this, i had been very sick of pancakes because one year, my friends and I decided to go around to different iHops on international pancake day, and eat free pancakes.... that killed it for me for a few years. So traditional normal pancakes, definitely a no go for me ! I was eager to try these new pancakes with different flavors though. At BabyStacks, they offer their pancakes in full stacks or half stacks, and their pancakes are smaller than the normal ones you see.  Maybe like 4-5" in diameter vs the plate sized ones. Red Velvet Pancakes - As said before, its red, but essentially a lighter chocolate pancake with cream cheese icing and whipped cream. Its pretty good. Not what it was hyped up to be (maybe im not much of a dessert person anyway) but its not bad. I still do recommend people who hasn't tried it, to try it. Light chocolatey flavor with a not too heavy cream cheese icing. Banana Cream Pie Pancake - Traditional pancake with what you'd find in a banana cream pie so sliced bananas, a banana cream, and whipped cream. The first time i tried it, it was surprisingly amazing, Originally being a lover of banana cream pie (to the extent of not being a dessert lover... if that makes sense), this had sparked my interest in pancakes again. Overall, nice place to go for breakfast. Variety of stuff to order, not only pancakes.
1	Disappointed....we sat before a party of 7, they received their food before us. (There were 3 ppl in our party)We waited 35 minutes for our food and when I received my Benedict it came with HAIR in it!!!! The waitress brought me a new one as fast as she could but, No manager came AND I had to pay for it. I heard great things about this place.....I was so bummed I didn't feel the same way.
1	Don't really care for their garlic fried rice.  Soaked with butter and u can taste the raw garlic.
3	If you have a car in Vegas and wanna drive off the strip for some local food, then here you go. Been wanting to try this spot since I've heard good things about it but never had the opportunity until yesterday.Wasn't hard to find, but just pretty off the strip. Can't miss the signage outside tho. Totally feeling their logo.For a Friday, there was a lunch rush especially since it closes early. Wait wasn't too bad, took about 10mins which gave us time to check out their menu.Everyone's been raving about their red velvet pancakes so we got that. Not bad, wasn't as red as I was expecting, a bit dry but the cream cheese frosting/syrup saved it. Someone in our party got the chocolate chip pancakes but they were underwhelming --nothing special. For my main meal, I got their version of the loco moco. Maybe it was my fault for getting it with egg whites but something just wasn't right about it. I did like the fact that I had the option of getting it with garlic fried rice tho. Probably won't get it again. For so far off the strip, not sure if I'd come back unless I was with people that are dying to check it out.
5	Every time a newcomer is in town, this is our breakfast cafe of choice. Can't beat the signature red velvet pancakes or the any of the Hawaiian inspired dishes. Got there by 830a on Sunday and the place was already packed by 9:30, so always try to get there as early as possible or you will be waiting 45+ minutes. This past weekend I tried the lemon ricotta pancakes (not a big fan of lemon, so...not a big fan of these), Bananas foster pancakes (my new fave!!), and spam scramble (delicious, but trying to cut my meat intake ;). Other great pancake dishes are the White Chocolate pancakes and cinnabun, both super delish, but I do have a huge sweet tooth so I may be biased.
4	Pretty good sit down hawaiian food breakfast cafe. I liked the omelette that I got, but since i was trying to watching my diet I really limited myself.My firend who I ate with ate some pretty good dishes though. I liked their adobo fried rice with egg. Soooo good! Had it with a bit of sriracha and it was bomb!i would come back again.
5	Wanted to try a new place for breakfast and came across this place. Definitely not disappointed. I got the baby chick skillet with my eggs over easy and I upgraded my pancakes to the lemon ricotta. Deeeelicious. Coffee is also really good. Now we have another place to add for weekend breakfast!
5	Came here on a Sunday with my 7 year old daughter. There was a wait like 25-35 minute wait. That's ok, that for me is a sign of a good place. We decided to go next door to the Walgreens. They called our name before the 25-30 minutes were up. We were still at Walgreens. But, when we showed up they sat us as soon as possible and it was very quick. My daughter got the banana pancake kids meal and I got a Hawaiian  chili omelette with red velvet pancakes. I have to say the red velvet pancakes are not overrated! I am not big on sweets and I couldn't get enough of them! I did get extra cream cheese sauce and they do charge you for it, but it was so worth it. It was so delicious! My daughters banana pancakes were very tasty as well. The omelette was good, too. But, I do believe the pancakes are the way to go. So yummy! Service was good, even though they were busy. There were a few mistakes, but they were rectified promptly. Will definitely return! It was one of the best breakfast I've ever had.
5	Best breakfast food EVER!!Hawaiians know how to eat.Just don't think about calories and you'll be fine!Adobo fried rice is to die for! So good, eat that shiii with sriracha with breakfast potatoes, they are amazing! The sliders are delish! The Kalua Benedict, hellllllo foodgasm. Oh if you don't want to jizz your pants in public or drool all over don't buy the pancakes. If you don't give a flying ffffff, get it, because if you die tomorrow after eating these delicious little monsters, you'd die happy and fulfilled.The servers are allll nice, they treat you like family.Service is good, food is great, price is reasonable, portions are huge... Need I say more?
5	Great place first time for me food awesome and the service is good definitely will back and try something else. .
5	Place of the famous red velvet pancakes!This breakfast place is highly sort after by locals and people from afar. The menu is extensive pancakes that make your mouth water. I've had the pulled pork once before and thought it was great.The weekends can be pretty packed full with lines out the door but it's to be expected. I'll put it simply, Babystacks is one of the top breakfast places in the valley, yeah it's busy busy place, but the reason is because it's great quality food with great service.OverallService: 4-5Food: 5-5Drink: 4-5Come back: yup
4	4 stars to start, only because I've only been there once. If future visits remain consistently good, I'll up it!The banana cream pie pancakes were amazing! I also had a taste of the red velvet pancakes, which were just as good. This place also knows how to make some of the best bacon ever! Praise bacon!
1	NOT GOING BACK EVER AGAIN!!! The hostess didn't seem happy to be working she would seat all the large parties before the smaller parties of 2-5 this family came in before us and they were ask how many was in their party after everyone who walked in. There were 5 different tables cleaned and ready for their next guests. I was not happy we told the hostess we weren't interested for a party of 2 I guess they were too busy. We went to The Bagel Cafe much better. We were seated at the last open table and the waitress is much better.Also I have to give 1 star under duress!
3	I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with pork and im not ordering it ever again there was not enough cheese in the sandwich it wasn't gooooeey enough! It was basically just a pork sandwich thankfully i ordered 2 dishes including the adobo fried rice which was the bomb will order that again! Great service! I sampled everyones dish n they were all great especially the garlic fried rice so would of rated 4 stars...
5	I thought long & hard to come up with a reason to not give a five star rating, but really I just can't come up with one! The hostesses were kind & professional, we were seated quicker than told, our server was attentive, but not overbearing, the food was cooked well & tasted amazing, the place appeared clean (except there was a small amount of coffee that had spilled in the creamer bowl & that bothered me, but they were creamer cups so no biggie) & we were able to get our check & pay quickly. All around a really great experience. I bookmarked it so when we come back to Vegas we can return! .....for more lemon ricotta pancakes!!!
4	Came here looking for a decent breakfast in Vegas, and was not disappointed.  I had the chicken fried steak and eggs, with bacon pancakes.The CFS had a good texture.  The gravy was good.  The eggs were a little underdone for "Over Medium", but that's up to interpretation.  But enough of this.  This is a pancake joint, so let's talk about those.  The bacon pancakes were very good.  They had bacon in them, and on them.  They were springy and resilient without being tough.  Not too soft or hard, but just about perfect.  They were flavorful, and very tasty.  The service was good.  The waitress pleasant.  Everything was pretty quick.  The cost was decent.  Were I a local, I'd probably come here often.About the only thing that I can ding them on, and the reason this isn't a five star review, is that the coffee is not great.  It's on par with the other places I've been in Vegas, but not great.  I'm a coffee snob, and can't handle what tastes like something that came pre-ground in pre-measured bags.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in the Las Vegas valley.  Everything is cooked to order and always served hot.  The wait staff is always friendly.  The menu is just the right size with enough diversity to please most everyone, but small enough to ensure high quality with every dish.  Keep in mind they won't seat partial parties.  The original location on north Buffalo is very small so plan accordingly.  If you love breakfast, definitely give them a try!
3	It's okay I come here because the red velvet pancakes. All other pancakes taste like I'm eating baking powder. This location was the first opened so it's pretty small and you will always be waiting. The location in centennial has zero waits. So if you don't mind the drive I suggest that one.  They do have great corn beef hash because there is always way more meat than potatoes. And they cut he potatoes pretty small also try out the adobo fried rice wrapped in scrambled eggs.
5	I love babystacks! The red velvet pancakes were the best I have ever had! Looking forward to going back and trying the banana cream pancakes!
4	I love Vegas and I love breakfast! Location:Located in a shopping center about maybe 20 mins outside the strip is this hidden gem. A lot of parking. Small waiting area inside. Decent sized breakfast/brunch spot.Only open til 2p w wait times I hear that can grow to almost 2 hrs. Luckily, I went here with my best-friend's older brother before the crowds and didn't have a wait! Food: Adobo fried rice omelet was very good! Not greasy like a lot of Filipino food. Rice, meat, and egg were all cooked perfectly. It really worked well. Who would've thought Adobo in an omelet?! We also ordered the White chocolate macadamia nut pancakes! This was a little overkill for me since I'm not a big pancake or sweets guy. If I remember correctly, I finished only half of the split dish.Service:No issues with the service. Great, attentive, and we were checked up on more than once. Greeted very warmly when we walked in and immediately were shown to our table.Overall:I'd come here again to try a different pancake dish that's not overkill on the sweets. The Adobo omelet itself is worth the trip back and dare I say, even worth a wait if you happen have one!
4	The staff was friendly, quickly seated. I got the baby chick skillet, it is an ideal comfort type food, it was good. I stayed full all day. If you love breakfast this is the place to go to.
5	This place has awesome breakfast and is cheap! Their red velvet pancakes are the best pancakes I've ever had! The frosting, homemade whipped cream, and super fluffy pancakes are a killer combo. I had the loco moco with extra gravy and over easy eggs on garlic rice. I practically licked my plate clean. There can be a wait for a table but it does go pretty fast. It's a bit of a drive from the strip, but totally worth it
4	Delicious pancakes! The eggs and potatoes are ok but the pancakes are to die for. The red velvet and orange dreamsicle are amazing. The banyan cream pie was good but not as tasty.
4	I am a huge breakfast person, and this place delivers on that characteristic of mine. It makes me feel at home for two main reasons: the first being that the only red velvet ANYTHING I have liked is my Mom's cake, until I tried Babystacks' pancakes, and the second being that they play local, Hawaiian music.. and I'm Hawaiian :)After that initial impression, I kept coming back. I discovered how much I love the rest of their unique pancake flavors and the variety on their menu. They have very traditional breakfast/lunch platters, mixed with some dishes you'd only expect to see in Hawaiian restaurants (like Loco Moco or an Adobo Fried Rice Omelette). Whatever you choose, I hope it lives up to your standards as it has for me. It's affordable, the space is cute and quaint, and the staff is very friendly and attentive with every visit I've had. There is usually a wait time, but never one that is unbearable. If it's ever more than 30 minutes until you can be seated, they'll take down your number and call or text you when there is a table available.The only downfall is if you don't live in the Summerlin area. That is my only real complaint, if you could really call it that. It's quite a drive for me, but each time I've gone it has been worth it.
5	We really enjoyed this place. We went back twice over a 4 day period for breakfast. Our team went back a third time as well. It's not really anything special, but the food is special. Babystacks offers a lot of great different kinds of pancakes, which are amazing. In addition, their savory items are pretty top notch as well. I tried the Cinnabun pancakes (amazing) and the Red Velvet pancakes (very good). Also, I had the Portuguese sausage with white rice and eggs.I have a feeling everything on the menu is good, so give it a try.
5	Excellent breakfast eatery. I always have to have red velvet pancakes. It's moist and delicious,  not too sweet. Adobo fried rice is the bomb. Garlic rice is amazing. Definitely my favorite breakfast/brunch place. They're always busy so expect a minimum 40 mins wait time on the weekends.
5	Best breakfast place I've found in town, the food is incredible even though they are known for the pancakes -with reason!!!! Everything I have had here has been amazing and it's always busy but they handle the crowds well so you don't feel neglected. Besides you can't stuff your face full of pancakes and talk at the same time! Great breakfast all around!
5	Banana foster pancakes are the best I've ever had. The Portuguese sausage and eggs was good too.
5	This place is a bit out of the way if you're staying on the strip, but we stopped by here for Sunday brunch before we left for LA. The wait was about 30-45 minutes so is suggest coming early to beat the rush.We ordered the red velvet pancakes, banana cream pie pancakes, the lemon one, strawberry, and the hazelnut French toast (I came here a month ago so I forgot the names)Everything was really good but my favorite was the French toast. It was amazing!I also recommend the garlic fried rice with some tapatio.
5	This place was AMAZING! Had a skillet and the red velvet pancakes, and was awesome... Hands down... If you are in Las Vegas, DONT waste your money on the strip. Take the short drive to this place.
5	This place is completely amazing, I have been here three (3) times and have yet to sway away from the red velvet pancakes.  I'm sure they have many amazing things but wow these pancakes are out of this world.They have taken breakfast food to a whole notha level!  Highly recommended!!!
5	Such a delicious spot for brunch! The prices are reasonable and the wait didn't take too long. I can't wait to go back and try other specialties! *They only seat you if your whole party is present
1	Going in with a positive attitude and a smile on my face things quickly changed upon being greeted by the host, or should I say not greeted just asked how many are in the party with an attitude and frown. Not welcoming at all. The wait for a table wasn't bad but the wait for a refill lasted forever. In fact we never got one! Which made it hard to eat the worst French toast I've ever had. All in all, I WOULD NEVER CONSIDER GOING BACK!
5	It was such a cute little place.. Very homey and the food was delicious.. Definitely will come back to try other food on the menu.. The red velvet pancake was awesomeeeee.. But maybe im biased because i love red velvet.. Definitely worth the try.
5	BY FAR the best pancakes I've ever had! As I'm not a huge pancake person, its hard to find one I love. And I LOVED the Orange Creamsicle pancakes. They were delicious. The coffee and hashbrowns were also great.I wish I knew our waitresses name (she was smiley and wore glasses) because she was the friendliest person we met in Vegas! I would definitely recommend getting off the beaten path a little and visiting BabyStacks!
2	Best place for breakfast..love all there pancakes. Most try the oreo cookies and cream pancakes. Very fast and lovely service..this is a most stop for breakfast.
4	Decent breakfast. We tried a little of everything and shared. The cream cheese sauce is a great touch.
3	Service great but after waiting an hour to eat, I was expecting the food to be better. I had the Loco Moco with garlic rice. The garlic and onions in the rice were still raw making it's flavor overpowering. Also tried the spam sliders and was underwhelmed. The Cinnabon pancakes were delicious. Maybe the sweets are the way to go.
4	O.M.G.  I'm a fan.  :)Yea... Yea... it's a breakfast place that serves up dessert for breakfast.  I mean... their specialties are pancakes that are dessert-like.  They do have a big menu but I was fixated on the pancakes.  (There are egg dishes and ... Oh Yea... Spam dishes and Adobo Fried Rice on the breakfast menu... but I just couldn't order it all in 1 sitting .... Must Go Back!)So... I had the Bananas Foster French Toast.  As you might expect... it was sweet. But Oh So Good!  I did wipe most of the whipped cream off of it.  And I should have asked for the syrup on the side rather than have them slather the whole plate in syrup.  Next time... I'll know better.  The bananas foster was good but like I mentioned to my friends... needed more rum.  :)  LOL!  That's just how I roll though.  :)  I did like it a lot though.My girlfriend had the nutella pancakes and she pretty much licked the plate clean too.  So... all in all... a success.My other 2 girlfriends opted for egg dishes and they enjoyed their breakfasts too.  None of us had a bad thing to say.  The ambience is diner-like... small and tables are kinda close together.There's usually ALWAYS a wait on the weekend.... so be prepared to wait.They do have a lunch menu too... who knew?!  But I love breakfast and would probably always order off of the breakfast menu.  :)
5	I can't wait to come back to this place. We got the bacon pancakes, red velvet and hazelnut pancakes. We also got the spam and garlic rice. Everything was really yummy the pancakes were bomb!! The prices are reasonable but the portions are definitely only enough for one person. We got there at 9 on a Friday morning and there was no wait. But when we were leaving about an hour later the place was packed and a line heading out the doors. My only complaint is that they don't have one here in Cali :( . Please consider coming out here, preferably in the IE
5	Oh gosh, I come here twice a month on a regular basis, of course I am giving this place a 5 star rating! I love the Hawaiian touch it is has! I love the Kahlua pig Benedict! They also have Portuguese sausage (linguica) so eat here Brazilian and Portuguese people! Don't get me started on their specialty pancakes! I like to try a new one each time I go. I have tried the red velvet, lemon ricotta, banana foster, and banana cream pie so far. I like them all! If you are looking for something less sweet, I would recommend the banana cream pie and the lemon ricotta pancakes. Enjoy! ( I sure do)
3	It was ok. Not phenomenal, not bad. Maybe my expectation was slightly elevated because of so many people hyping it up? I Had the Kalua Benedict. It had some flavor but something was definitely missing . The hollandaise sauce a little too sour perhaps. Now what really got me disappointed was the pancakes . With a name of baby stacks I was expecting best pancakes, and honestly Ihop and original pancake house made better ones. Dry not buttery syrup wasn't sweet. And this was from trying the Cinnabon and buttermilk. Maybe an off day? Maybe I didn't order the right items.Service was pretty good, and food wasn't horrible so I would consider coming back but just wouldn't make it a point to.
4	I've heard of this place from friends and I gave it a try. When I first entered, it took awhile to be seated since it's pretty packed for a breakfast joint. The servers were friendly. It's budget friendly and quick. One of my favorite breakfast place in Vegas!
5	I love that this place has Hawaiian-style choices, even Aloha Shoyu at the table! My family from NY (originally from Hawaii) loved it.  I got the Sausage Biscuit Benedict and the Orange Creamsicle Pancakes. Both were great, but the pancakes were amazing! IT was citrus-y and sweet (not too sweet) with a orange syrup and cream cheese sauce, just like a dreamsicle. It would be hard for me to go back and pick a different pancake, although there are so many to choose from! Must-try when in Vegas!
3	I loved this place felt like I was back in Hawaii. Had a nice comfy island feel to it and the food was awesome. The pancakes were incredible and there griddles are too. The prices are awesome ad well.
4	I came to Babystacks with a friend on a Saturday morning during a recent trip to Las Vegas.  It's unfortunate that we weren't particularly hungry when we visited, because so many flavors looked good.  We were very sad to only try two of them.  However, the two Babystacks we did have were fantastic.There was some wait at the restaurant but it wasn't terrible, particularly in consideration of the fact that it was a weekend morning.  We were told that they're soon opening another location nearby, which should help move people through a little faster in the future.  The service was great; our waitress was good humored and offered several suggestions.After much discussion, we chose red velvet pancakes and orange Creamsicle pancakes.  Both were amazing.  After trying each flavor, I couldn't believe that more restaurants don't use flavored batter.  It's really a brilliant idea.  If I ever make it back to Vegas, Babystacks will be high on my list of places to visit.  Their unique and delicious pancakes are definitely not to be missed!
3	This quaint aloha-feel place has some delicious pancakes. There's always usually a wait to dine in, so sometimes Ill pick up breakfast to bring home. I recommend the red velvet or banana pancakes. When it comes to anything else, it's your typical breakfast items. No one can mess up eggs, bacon, or hash right? Service and prices are mediocre. One major thumbs down is that there was a few ants on the wall next to my table when I've dined in before. They've recently added a new location & I would tell people to check it out at least once for their pancake craving while in Vegas. I'm a waffle person & their pancakes still got me salivating.
4	Great service and interesting things on the menu! This is a solid breakfast or brunch option. Other people must know this since there was about a 30 minute wait when we went on a Saturday. The biggest draw may be that they have about 18 different types of pancakes on the menu (bacon, orange creamsicle, hazelnut, you name it). They also have regular eggs, omelets, french toast, etc. I presume the owners are Hawaiian as that seems to be the theme for some things...and there is a hefty Spam presence on the menu. I got Rick's Adobo Fried Rice which is basically a chicken fried rice burrito with omelet egg as the wrapper. Cool but not too exciting...I had to drench a bunch of hot sauce on it. Pancakes for me next time.
3	Pancakes were good. Service was average. Not a bad atmosphere inside for being on a strip mall. Not good enough to go out of my wag to go back
4	This place is amazing and the food is always delicious. You can tell by the morning rush they get. Great customer service. I was greeted by Echo who was very friendly and was fast in accommodating my party of 5. There Red velvet pancakes are the most popular, and I can see why. My server Cassandra was also speedy and kept the coffee coming. This place is great! I will definitly be back.
5	Holy jeezus! This food is awesome! Every time someone comes in from outta town, I take them here. The kalua pig eggs benedict and the red velvet pancakes are to die for! I recently just got the rocky road pancakes and YES! They are also a must =)
3	We arrived at about 11 and it was full they told us to wait for about 20 min & we actually waited for about 10. Our Server was really friendly. I think her name was Christi. I ordered the chicken fried steak with season fries and over easy eggs. Delicious! The gravy on the chicken is one of the best I've ever had. BUT They got three stars because we ordered a side of Strawberrys for the kids pancake & never got them. That was a big fail. Also my husband ordered over easy eggs but one of them was just really uncooked. It had all the clear goo stuff coming out. It was kind of gross. She apologized and gave us another one.
1	Awful pancakes! I love pancakes and these were nearly inedible.  The first batch came out undercooked and had to send back Second batch was just gross. Will never go back again.
4	Food still taste great, service could be better. Came here at 8am. 4 tables and me. They seem to have a full staff, cashier, busser and servers at least 4 of them, so why is the guy next to me waving for attention because his coffee cup is empty and I noticed it was like that for a good while. At one point, not one employee was in the front of the house. Oh well, again the food was good but they specialize in red velvet so how can it not be.   Minus one star for service that could have been a little better.
3	I hate giving shady reviews but I give this place a three due to the food being a five star rating but the service is lacking the sense of urgency. It's sad when the two are combined. I get the place is your relaxing breakfast dine, but to have your guest sitting for 7 to 10 minutes after being sat and then only taking our drink orders and then bringing it to us five minutes later and then having us flag down our server is irrelevant. This isn't my first time experiencing this here, but being that I work in the food and beverage industry I always try to give chances because I understand the inside and out... However, that isnt something I should have to get use to. It's annoying especially when you are hungry... the management needs to teach them that. Sorry, I dont mean to kill it but this is a petpeeeeeve.
2	I ordered a skillet. Not very flavorful. Bland. It reminded me of cafeteria food at college or a buffet line at an employee dining room at one of the casinos. I have no idea why people love the food here. But then again, I'm writing this review from 1 experience. I don't eat junk like pancakes so I won't ever know how good they are here. If you want a good skillet, go to Stacks n Yolks.
5	Reasonably priced, delicious breakfast food, offering strange and wonderful pancake flavor combinations. The lemon ricotta and cinnabun pancakes were both amazing, and as part of a breakfast combination it was plenty of food for around $10. The bacon was thick and crispy, and the Portuguese sausage was awesome. Seriously, go here.
3	Babystacks is home to what seems to be Vegas' holy grail of all pancakes - red velvet. Now this is the only place I've actually seen with red velvet pancakes so props for being unique. I was prepared to have my mind blown, ready to have a foodgasm from the supposedly amazing pancakes. Is it in yet? Unfortunately, if I have to even ask then we have a problem. It's not like there was anything wrong. It was actually pretty good (albeit a bit too sweet and heavy) but the price is what made it just ok. The prices for the menu in general are a little on the high side compared to other breakfast places. However, the short stack is perfectly filling for me.Service is decent and decor is bland and could use an update, especially when compared to the northside location.
5	If you want pancakes and you go anywhere else besides here, you're crazy! So amazing, and the variety of different ones will make you drool!
5	Red velvet pancakes and chicken adobo fried rice omelettes a MUST!  I'm so sad I live in LA... I miss them!
3	I'm surprised I haven't written a review yet.  I like this place, but the prices are a bit much for me for breakfast.  I'm a local girl that is used to making the rice plates at home, so thats my take away from my rating.  I've seen how small their omelets are and giggled to myself.  If they know people from the islands, that's a pupu size portion.  Pupu as in appetizer.Their carrot cake pancakes, bomb.  I can never make up my mind between having eggs or pancakes, so I go for the combo.  I do the Portuguese sausage, or cornbeef hash, eggs, and garlic rice with an upgrade of carrot cake pancakes.  I've tried the Kalua Benedict.  Eeeeeh, its okay.  I say that because if you have had Cinnamon's in Kailua, its hard to get that anywhere else.  My Kalua Pig always seems to be dry.  Like its been sitting under the heat for too long.  Like most breakfast joints, this place gets very busy.  So if you do come with a large group, you will find yourself waiting for awhile.  Same like the bathroom, there is only one.  Will I return, yes.  I crave their carrot cake pancakes.  Oh, don't forget to look on the board. Sometimes they have specially made pancakes for the day/month.
3	Nice menu selection. Looked clean and well kept. Food was ok, not very hot when served. Will go again though, give them another chance
4	Best red velvet pancakes in town!  Have tried several others, and these are worth the drive.  As mentioned, all the locations can get packed, so plan for a wait if you're going at peak breakfast time.
5	Finally got there this morning, my husband said lets go to breakfast and I said, I know the place... I did have high hopes based on a lot of the reviews but luckily I wasn't overhyped.  This is now our favorite breakfast place. It was packed about 9 this morning and the lady informed us it would be about a 20 to 25 minute wait, I was shocked when my husband said ok. Usually he barks at a 5 minute wait. About 10 minutes in we were seated. I had a few things I wanted to try but have always wanted loco moco so that is what I went for. I had never had it before so have nothing to compare it to but i can't see how it could be any better. I spent the dollar and got the garlic rice and omg it was fantastic. The gravy was a good consistency, nice flavor but in no way overwhelmed any of the other flavors. I definitely will get this again but dang, so wanna try some other stuff so it will be a game time decision. My husband got your normal breakfast of bacon and eggs. He is a bit picky on bacon so I was interested in how this would go... He loved it, said doesn't care what the price was, a lil high but not bad, this is the best bacon he has had since the original pancake house closed.. We were at the North Buffalo location and the servers were outstanding, I wish I could remember the name of our waiter but he was awesome and knew the menu like the back of his hand as we heard him interacting with other tables as well. Our drink order was taken within a minute of us sitting down and our order taken maybe one minute later and the place was packed. When we went to pay the bill the cashier was so personable and friendly and thanked us many times for coming. The price is worth the service and the amazing quality of food we had today. This was our first trip and we will be back, if the service or quality changes I will update but our first impression was fantastic and they have a repeat customer.
1	The service wasn't all that great. I'm a huge fan of red velvet pancakes and was anticipating pure yummyness. To be quite frank the pancakes were average. They were dry and rather stiff. In addition, I ordered the steak and eggs and the meat was not cooked properly. I've been here twice and both experiences were rather similar.
4	If you're a Hawaii native and looking for an island style breakfast this is the place to go. Adobo fried rice, loco mocos, chili mocos, Portuguese sausage all done right, and if you want a local twist try the kalua pork Benedict.  Added bonus...they're all served with aloha \000/
2	Not really worth the wait. Food was okay, could of fit the same at IHop. For a place to be called "BabyStacks" the Pancakes were less than average. They have a whole menu of different pancake flavored but it's all fluff. Service was okay nothing exceptional. Overpriced for the portion size you get. $10.95 plate came put like a kids menu item.
5	Really great specialty pancakes and love the authentic (I THINK its authentic, but I am just a silly white girl lol) Hawaiian/Asian food options. The "Rick's adobo fried rice omelet is one of my favorites and the red velvet pancakes and bananas foster pancakes are amazing!
2	Slow service, ran out of rice....crowded.....Im not sure what the fuss is about.  My wife who raved about this place was mad as hell at the service....Never going again
4	Surprisingly impressed.  The food quality is above average here.  It seems like the owners picked their favorite dishes from restaurants in Hawai'i & put it all on their menu along with the usual all-american favorites.  We (4 of us) ordered the Kalua Pig Benedict with potatoes, Portuguese sausage with Garlic rice, Banana Fosters pancakes, Adobo Fried rice Omelette, and Red Velvet pancakes. Everything was delicious, with the Kalua Pig coming out as our favorite.  The hostess needs to get to know their dishes to better answer questions at the door, but our waitress was nice along with a timely waitstaff. The only reason they are one star short of perfect was because I felt sick right after & threw up. And continued to feel sick the rest of the day.
3	Red velvet pancakes are GREAT here! However the price to portion ratio is a bit steep. We ordered the red velvet pancakes (short stack), spam sliders with seasoned potatoes, cowboy omelet with hash browns and banana pancakes.I only truly loved the red velvet pancakes. Everything else was mediocre. The spam sliders were a letdown. It's was mostly egg with small bits of diced spam. We barely tasted any. Service was decent. And they were fairly quick with our food considering how busy they were. The restaurant itself is not that big. But it's definitely a bit more spacious than the original restaurant. I recommend trying this place for breakfast and ordering their red velvet pancakes. I'll definitely come back when i'm in the mood.  However be prepared to wait at least 30 mins during peak hours.
4	Great place for pancakes but the place is small and you can't wait up to an hour easy if you don't get there at the right time. That's why 4/5. Get the red velvet pancakes.
3	The adobo omelette had no flavor. It didn't taste like adobo. The kid says the kiddie chicken fingers and fries were good. My BYO build your own omelette (Spinach, mushroom, tomato and peppers) was alright. The red velvet pancake upgrade with a mountain of whip cream (passed off to the kid) was good but what I thought was a cream cheese sauce was a bit sweet and didn't taste like cream cheese. Maybe it was white chocolate. Either way, I don't think we would return.
2	The food takes foooooooooorever to get to you. The service is pretty crap too. We waited 20 min just to get water and then had to flag down a server to just order food. Then we waited 30 more minutes for the food....The food is not worth the frustration!!!
2	Horrible service. Had a ton of staff but never got what I wanted. Never got my daughters drink, no refills and even asked for crayons on several occasions only to be ignored. Food is nothing special. Overrated. Not happy with our waitress.
4	Reading the reviews of this spot I was expecting a lot, and they delivered.  Red velvet pancakes were great, the full stack was too much to finish in one sitting even for a big guy like me.  Service was quick and polite.  I'm a fan!
3	Must say... I wasn't all that impressed. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing? I wasn't in the mood for super sweet so I went more traditional breakfast with blueberry pancakes, eggs, bacon and potatoes.Pancakes were too heavy on the blueberries for my liking... can I have some pancake with my blueberries? The potatoes were very boring with little to no seasoning or flavor. I would think they would mix some more in there.. where's the chopped peppers and onions or something?? The eggs were eggs and the bacon was bacon.Some of the other dishes I saw come out looked pretty good so I'll have to come back and try it. Maybe the red velvet pancakes are that good that I'm an idiot for not ordering them.Service was fair from what I remember and I was happy that it didn't take as long to get seated as they quoted us. TV at the little bar area had on CNN which I thought was pretty strange. Who wants to watch that?
4	Awesome breakfast/brunch spot, if you can stand the wait. I got lucky on my first visit and only waited a few minutes, but on my second visit, we waited nearly an hour :(Between the two visits:Highlights were the red velvet pancakes (yum all around), adobo fried rice omelette and corned beef hash w/ garlic riceBe warned, the garlic rice isn't just a hint of garlic, it's full force garlic, which was fine by me. Lemon ricotta pancakes had great flavor, but the texture was soggy, which is why I probably wouldn't order it again.Being from Hawaii, I love places that remind me of home, which Babystacks does. If you are able to visit them on a weekday, do it! Or have a snack before trying them on a weekend/holiday.
3	If not for the hype, I would have given it 4 stars but I was expecting better and didn't get it. I ordered the s'mores pancakes, maybe should have gone with the red velvet as they are the most popular. S'mores were alright, my biggest complaint was not enough chocolate & marshmallow In the batter. My gf ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes, they were also good but definitely not great
4	Oh man.  My wife and I ordered 3 short stacks of pancakes (Red Velvet, hazelnut, and Cinnabun) and a Piglet Skillet.  The food was amazing, and we ended up taking some of the extra pancakes home for breakfast the next day.  Might have gone overboard on the number of short stacks we got, but it was definitely worth it.There was a long wait for parties more than 2 or 3, but since it was only my wife and I we got seated right away (got lucky, I guess...).  Only down side was that they were pretty expensive (after tip our bill was almost $40 for breakfast), so this won't be an "every other week" place for us, but more of a "once a month/every 6 weeks" kind of place for us.4 Stars for this breakfast establishment.PS--We would pick this place over IHOP if that is any help in comparison of food quality.
5	Baby stacks cafe is an amazing place for breakfast! My schedule is reversed where I sleep in the morning due to my job so this place pretty much accommodates me for dinner if you want to say lol. Anyways the hospitality here is awesome! Im huge on hospitality! I usually get everything here to go since I just get done with the gym n I wanna just head home. I will tip even since I take out because their staff is awesome!Lilly helped me out this Morning and she is such a sweetheart! Very helpful and very nice! Thank you baby stacks and staff. Keep up the amaZing job! :)
4	Our server was very friendly and smiled the whole time that we dined. We had the red velvet pancakes as a short stack which was plenty as these are very rich. So good! Very dangerous. I love huevos Rancheros, I always end up ordering them at breakfast places. I tried the green salsa, yum, and they had chicken as well. I do wish there were a liiiitle more beans on the plate. Overall good experience.
2	My last visit did it for me. I found a lovely long strand of hair in my omelet and the waitress spilled my water all over the floor and on my foot (of course I had to be wearing flip flops and but thankfully it was just water) and didn't even apologize or replace it. And when the other worker came to mop the mess up, he wiped his hands on my napkin WTF!? Big freaking turn off that day. I don't think I'll be coming back in for a while. You have tested my patience long enough BabyStacks. I still liked my red velvet pancakes though.
5	I give this place 5 stars.Service - 5 stars, during my trip I came twice and had excellent service!Food- 4 1/2 stars, the food tasted amazing but every time the waitress put down that I wanted over medium eggs they came out sunny side up, I hate when the yolk is extremely runny. Try the red velvet pancakes. They are absolutely amazing!
5	This is a really unique breakfast/brunch spot, and it's definitely worth the quick drive from the Strip if you'd like to skip those $17.99 breakfast buffets in exchange for trying something new.  Try the Kalua Pig Benedict for a twist on eggs benedict - the combination of Hawaiian shredded pork and cabbage really makes the dish. Or, if you're a fan of pretending to be British and having afternoon tea, order the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes.  They're crepe-thin with an elegant lemony flavor, and the sides of fresh lemons, cream cheese syrup (way tastier than it sounds,  trust me) and powdered sugar are served prettily arranged on a delicate lacy plate.  You'd expect to pay extra for these fun dishes, but the price compares favorably to chain brunch places, with most entrees items in the $8-12 range.  I probably won't be back to Vegas for a bit, but when I return, I know where I'll be having brunch!
2	Food was good for the most part. Customer service needs work. I was really excited to try out Babystacks for the first time and it all started out looking good. They had a good selection of pancakes and it was so hard for me to decide which one I wanted, especially since they don't come with any meat. We ended up going with an entree and upgrading our side to a baby stack so that we could try out some flavors. The adobo omelette was tasty and a good sized portion. The red velvet pancakes we got as it's side was also really yummy.  They were moist and the cream cheese syrup wasn't overly sweet. All in all we were very pleased. Now our second entree was ordered later (since I couldn't decide what I wanted) and ended up coming out just as we finished our first dish. We were severely disappointed this time around. The chocolate chip macadamia nut pancakes were alright...they didn't taste too bad, but they were pretty dry. The two pancakes instantly soaked up all the syrup we poured on them and texture was dry, sticky, and all wrong. Not enjoyable at all, but at least they didn't taste disgusting. Then came the baby chick skillet. The eggs we ordered over easy were cooked perfectly, but the entire dish lacked flavor. The chicken was microscopic because we literally found one piece that was smaller than the potato cubes. And to top it off, I found a piece of hard packaging plastic in my second bite. We stopped eating and brought it to our waitress's attention. She took the plate back and somebody else came out to talk to us about it. This lady inquired about where we found the plastic and when we told her, she  said that was weird because everything in the dish is freshly made and not packaged. That's exactly what I thought, but there is no excuse for foreign objects to be found in food and it wasn't cool how accusingly she spoke to us, as if we were the ones who put it there. Then they tried to give us a 20% discount on the meal instead of taking the skillet off the tab completely. This was very upsetting considering we only had three bites in all and left the rest of the dish untouched (including that tiny piece of chicken that was only found after thorough inspection). It was only after my boyfriend insisted they take the skillet off that they proceeded to do so. We still tipped our waitress $5, but I left extremely unhappy about how they handled the whole situation.
5	Wow! This place totally blew our minds and exceeded every expectation. The food is unique and you won't be able to get it anywhere else, and the prices are reasonable.We got the red velvet pancakes, and the fried rice omelette. The omelette was perfect, not too greasy, and the red velvet pancakes were absolutely amazing.It's a shame this place isn't open later because we would definitely visit after work if we could. Unfortunately, they close at 2 PM. Regardless, it is still five stars
2	Good food, but has slow service! The employee taking the reservation gives the wrong wait time and we had to wait twice as long.
3	I liked the pancakes.  Everything else just ok. We ordered the Adobe rice and Loco moco. Pancakes: banana fosters and red velvet. I would give the place 5 starts on the red velvet.  Staff is really nice.
4	Came here with a bunch of friends (Group of 5) for breakfast. Luckily we came before the place got busy. Two of us ordered the iced tea. It was just okay. Watered down and not a lot of tea flavor.For main course I had the Cowboy Omelette with cinnabun pancakes. I also tried the carrot, red velvet, and wheat pancakes. Ranked from most to least favorite: Cinnabun, Carrot, Red Velvet, then Wheat.The cinnabun pancakes was flavorful and not overly sweet. I would highly recommend this pancake. The carrot pancake was good but couldn't taste the carrot flavor. It was very mild and it basically looked like the wheat pancake but a little sweeter. The red velvet was fairly dry and the melted sugar overpowered the red velvet. The cowboy omelette was okay. The eggs were overcooked but there were lots of ingredients in it. I would have preferred the eggs to be a little more watery and the vegetables a little less overcooked. The fried potatoes were okay. It was not overly salty and not burnt at all.Overall, I would give this place 3.5 stars. This place is good for breakfast and I would come back here again. Portion size was excellent. They do give a lot for breakfast. Unfortunately, it just missed the mark on certain things. Service was excellent. Pancakes here are excellent. Next time I'll try their french toast and another egg dish to test.
4	Red velvet pancakes are the bomb, fluffy soft, not too sweet.  They made eggs well with crispy edges.  Large portions.  Unfortunately,  no specialty coffees.  Kinda out of the way to travel and neighborhood a little iffy. Food delicious,  very Hawaiian with spam options.
2	i'm a bit torn about writing this review, but after reading the recent ones, i feel like i have to chime in, too...we were visiting vegas from la this week and wanted to eat at some off-the-strip (read: cheap) places. babystacks actually reminded us of cici's cafe and ninong's cafe here at home in that they offer lots of crazy yummy creative pancakes, plus homestyle classic filipino dishes and are small family-owned businesses. unfortunately, the similarities end there.red velvet pancakes, hazelnut pancakes, and banana cream pie pancakes were all fantastic. we liked how you could get just a short stack of 3 instead of 6 - who can really eat 6 pancakes anyway? the banana cream pie ones, especially - the banana slices in between each pancake plus the banana pudding on top... wow! the chicken adobo fried rice omelette dish was really good, too, and I'd definitely order it again.now the reason for two stars: the corned beef hash was spoiled. like totally rotten, could smell it before tasting it. whoever cooked it should've been able to tell it was no good. we eat out (for breakfast, especially) all the time and this is the first time we've ever been served spoiled food. EVER. the worst part was that when we told the waitress that the corned beef hash tasted off, she didn't even seem surprised!!! she just asked if we wanted something else. only when she brought the new dish of bacon and eggs did she apologize. it was all quite shocking, actually. or maybe the sugar/carb high had us all foggy and unable to react faster. she did remove the dish from our bill without us having to ask her to - which was cool, but again, she didn't seem too fazed or apologetic about it.when the hostess (who i'm guessing is the main proprietress?) asked us how everything went as were paying, i didn't have the heart to say anything about the corned beef. i certainly hope the waitress did, though, or at least brought it to the attention of the cook! after she took our plate away, i kept an eye/ear out to see if anyone else ordered it, but no other orders came out. so, two stars with reservation because the pancakes were so good, but really should be one star for serving spoiled food. thankfully my senses are in overdrive from the pregnancy hormones so that it only took one tiny bite to know the corned beef was bad, which i promptly spit out anyway. future customers, beware! or just stick to the pancakes!!!
4	This is another local Vegas spot I enjoyed. So many pancake options! I opted with the White Chocolate Chip Macadamia Nut pancakes & I did not regret it. The pancakes were perfectly cooked. I also chose the "Bacon & Eggs" under the Breakfast Favorites section. Came with exactly what it says (3 huge bacon strips, eggs cooked any way u want) plus your choice of side (crispy potatoes FTW) [$9] I upgraded to the special pancakes so no toast (extra charge). Mmm everything tasted excellent and was very filling. I tried a bit of the "Orange Creamsicle," tasted like ice cream! The wait was less than 15 min on a Sat afternoon (1-2pm) at this location. Our waitress was so nice and respectable.. I want to come back and try their other pancake options as well as their other menu items.
4	BabyStacks is one of my fave breakfast joints. It's right up the street from our house so it could be super convenient. I'll touch on that later.The main thing I love is the creative selection of their pancakes and that they have specials of them occasionally too! The Red Velvet made them famous and for good reason but I urge you to stray away and try some of the other yummy pancakes! The second thing I love is that you can get a full breakfast platter for under $10. The works, a little bit of everything. Eggs, potatoes, toast, SPAM :) and pancakes. An up charge for a special flavor but it's not much. I like when I don't have to choice my favorite breakfast components or spend a fortune on getting all the additional sides. They opened a location on South Buffalo because this location became so popular and it is super small. Which comes to my gripe with BabyStacks, not because there is a wait but because every time I go or call ahead to check the wait time, it is ALWAYS off sometimes in my favor, sometimes not but it drives me crazy. You may be busy but you are also turning people away. Get your table times in check. It's breakfast your table time should be about an hour, hour and half for a chatty table. You should be able to quote tables based on that time frame. I'll still visit but it is definitely not as often as I would like it to be because of this. Maybe another location on the East or Southeast side will spread the love out.
4	Super friendly service and great comfort food. It's a gem that only locals would know at a great price. I'd would definitely go again.
4	I'm a big fan of babystacks' pancakes. I think the hazelnut pancakes, with plenty of strawberries and whipped cream, are generally outstanding. The service here is A+ as well, keeping coffee and water cups full at nearly all times. At this point, you might be wondering: from whence did this four star review come? First, I'd rather give a 4.5 star review. Second, I admit that I've been spoiled by some outstanding breakfasts in my lifetime. Also, I can't order sweet breakfast every time I go out. My only knock on this place is that their savory breakfasts, while still very very good, don't knock my socks off. Again, I haven't had a bad experience here, and I doubt I ever will. Enjoy your delicious food and great service.
5	I first had BabyStacks when they had only one location- North Las Vegas. I remember my friend taking me there and he told me to get the Red Velvet pancakes because they were to die for! Of course, I ordered it to see what it's all about and I am so glad I did! It has to be one of my favorite things to eat and one of my guilty pleasures! Ever since then, I always opted to go back, but because it was too far from where I lived, going there was usually only on very special occasions such as friends or relatives from out of town and they want a "local fav" breakfast joint. After BabyStacks being so successful, they finally opened a new location right across from my old high school! I frequent now at the Buffalo/Flamingo location because its so close and convenient. Come early when they open because lines will get long! My typical orders:Red Velvet pancakesPeanut butter & banana pancakesRocky road pancakesThese are my top three favorites. They are so good and more dessert like. I usually order my pancakes last because I need something fulfilling to eat at breakfast rather than sweets.Build your own omelets- I'm a sucker for omelets. I love the option of building my own only for less than $10!BabyStacks is a Hawaiian/Asian style breakfast joint so a lot of the dishes have rice, spam and macaroni. It tastes a lot like home to me. The portions are huge and very fulfilling!If you are a local or even from out of town, I recommend this place if you haven't had it yet!
5	This is an amazin breakfast spot! Love it, love it, love it! My boyfriend and I went here for the first time this past Friday. As soon as we walked in we were welcomed and got seated right away. Our server was very nice, ALWAYS smiling and helped us by recommending my boyfriend the Rick's Adobo Fried Rice, it was great!! He also had the oreo pancakes and he was in heaven... LOL. I had the red velvet pancakes and they were very yummy, very soft not dry at all. The sauce is delicious too! Overall great little nice place to have breakfast.
2	bad service !!!I was quoted 40-45 min for a table for 4 on a Sunday at 12:24pm. We decided to go 3 miles away and get a smoothie and come back. At 12:50 we checked in and said she called us at 12:39pm... I reminded her what she quoted us and she said "I said it could be up to 40-45 min"... She called us 15min after she quoted me 40-45?!? I've worked in several restaurants, it's not that hard to host.we also started noticing other tables who ordered after us were getting their food before us. and when our food finally started coming out, it would come out in spurts.food quality was mediocre. I got the Huntington Scramble and it was nothing special. I also had to ask different waiters several times for extra things. definitely won't be coming back
4	This was my first visit here.. Customer service was great.. Seen the reviews and had to try the adobo omelette it was great.. They give you a choice for either hash browns or pancakes.. Also you can upgrade your pancakes to a specialty pancake which I did.. The waitress recommended the special of the day.. The Banana Foster.. It was good but a little too sweet for me! But I'm sure folks with a sweet tooth will love it!
5	This is my go to place for breakfast whenever someone comes to town. It's not even close. Hash House a Go Go while still great, is a distant second. Tips: - Don't leave here without trying their pancakes. Seriously.- I order Rick's Adobo Fried Race every time, it's just that good.- You can substitute sides for their pancakes.
4	This place has a cute atmosphere with nice wall decors and Hawaiian music.  The staff were mellow.  The red velvet pancakes were really delicious - not too sweet,  not too thick,  chocolate powder layered over, nice light fluffy whipped cream, and sweet sugar glazed syrup.  I had side fruits - too much mushy cantaloupe.  I am looking forward to come back to try other things.
2	Food here was ok. Place was really small, loud and the wait long.  I had the Nutella crepes which where huge but just ok. I swear they used 1/2 jar of Nutella in them. Made them sticky sweet. Other pancakes were not really anything special. The service was really good but I'm not likely to be back since I can get the same from IHOP or original pancake and not have to wait forever for a table.
4	This place is super close to my house and has become my go to for brunch on the weekends. The food is delicious and the service isn't bad at all!
4	This is my 3rd time here so I finally decided to leave a review . Food is great . Great atmosphere. Awesome pancakes! I had cookies and cream special this morning and it was spot on Oreos lol. It's a real cozy place (small ) so if your claustrophobic you might be slightly uncomfortable lol. But I def recommend it my only think they should improve on is the bacon wasn't that impressed but overall everything was too notch!
5	This was my first time here after hearing so many Yelp reviews about how awesome this place was. And everybody was right! This place has an excellent menu with a lot of options, everything is gourmet and great tasting. It definitely compares to Hash House a go go but much less expensive. All the prices on the menu were mostly under $10, nothing over 20. And worth every penny.I started of getting the corned beef hash and upgraded with cookies and cream pancakes. My girlfriend got the cinnabon pancakes. I didn't know the corned beef hash and onions, I'm not an onion fan so I decided to trade in my corned beef hash for the eggs and bacon. They were very nice about it and traded it with no problem, in fact they didn't even charge me for the upgraded pancakes. All the food was absolutely incredible. I can't believe I didn't hear about this place sooner. Overall this place was great and I will definitely be returning. It is somewhere I'm going to bring all of my guests who come in from out of town.
5	Arrived in Vegas about 9am and this was the first place we ate.  I, too, saw great reviews from Yelp and no doubt the food and service was just amazing.  The adobo fried rice was my favorite along with the Nutella crepes and banana foster pancakes!  It was so good we came back again for breakfast as we returned home to California!  Wishing they would bring it to Cali!  I would definitely recommend this awesome place.
3	I just had to hear what all the hype was about on these pancakes here so i decided to place a "to-go" order last week for a full order of red velvet panackes and half of a order of the banaca cream pie pancakes. Well my order was placed and told that I can pick them up within 20 minutes. Well i always give an extra 5-10 minutes when i place "to-go" orders just because not all the time are these orders ready. Well keep in mind this was my first time choosing to eat here and when i arrived the place was PACKED, but this is expected on a Sunday right? Anyways i paid for my order to only find out that my order was STILL not ready after me arriving 35 minutes later. Well the girl working the front registar went and checked on my order and said they were still working on my order. No problem. Well after about 10 more minutes she checks again and brings out 2 boxes of somebody else's order. Pretty annoying now at this point i've been waiting 45 minutes for what was suppose to be a 20 minute wait. She apologized and said my order would be right out. Well 15 minutes later my actual order came out and at this point i was basically over this whole pancake experience. They gave me a $10 gif certificate for the wait time. Nice gesture.. i guess.. The pancakes are Okay... Red velvet's were the best and the banana cream pie ones i could have made myself.. Not sure if I'll return.
5	The food was fantastic. I had the cowboy skillet with bananas foster pancakes. The pancakes were to die for flavor was phenomenal.  Very attentive good service highly recommend
5	My fiance and I came in for a bite to eat, and was very pleased with everything.Our server Liliana was very nice. We had a great experience, she and the other servers were constantly at us with refills and always made sure we had everything we needed. Amazing service, I wish every restaurant had service like Babystacks!We had a beef hash with rice, and the breakfast burrito, with a share of pancakes. The beef hash was solid, however the breakfast burrito could have been better, not much meat and the red sauce that it came with was too sweet to pair with it. The hazelnut pancakes were AWESOME. Long story short, good food, great service, we will be back!
5	Okay. I got here at 12:30pm. Ordered the adobo fried rice which was freakin fantastic. My cup of coffee was never less than half full. It's 12:54pm and I've been finished for about 5min. About to go pay my bill which is another fantastic thing about this place being that it has such low prices with expensive tasting food.  GO....
5	Love EVERYTHING about baby stacks, they are awesome!!! Great service & food! Must visit anytime in Vegas!!!
5	We got there at 10:00 the wait was quick. The place is packed. The service was fast. Our server Noemy L. was nice and quick. The food came out even quicker. The red velvet pancakes were yummy. The adobo fried rice was huge and onolicious! The coffee was good.
4	This was my first time at this location and I wanted to try everything! I finally made up my mind and got the cookie butter french toast (which was absolutely amazing by the way), the red velvet pancakes, and the Rick's adobo fried rice. As I was eating the adobo, I couldn't help but to notice the egg-to-rice ratio. There was simply too much egg for it to be considered an omelette. I've always been sketchy about breakfast food but after my experience with the French toast, I've decided that brunch is a must for me every weekend. If you let the whip cream melt for a bit before eating your french toast/pancake, it is definitely worth it! The one thing I wished for was that the location was bigger. There was a tremendous amount of people waiting and it was about a 45-minute wait for three which is pretty excessive for a brunch place. Overall, I was highly satisfied with BabyStacks and can not wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas! YUM!
5	Best pancakes ever..Red Velvets are a must !
4	The only reason I give this 4 stars is because there isn't a location close to mine.  :(  I love a good breakfast place that has unique/original breakfast dishes such as their adobo fried rice wrapped in an omelet.  Not only was it unique...it was really good!  All their pancakes are fantastic...well the ones I've tried (such as their red velvet pancakes)  Their service was great and fast.  The new location has more space.  Clean, great, service, and great breakfast food!
2	Came here with my 5 y/o son for breakfast...we were excited to try this place. We both ordered pancakes. They were good but nothing out of this world. My son got some chocolate milk, served in a small to-go cup and no refills. When I got the check I was shocked to see they charged me $3 for his milk!!! That killed the deal for me. It's all about meeting and exceeding your customers' expectations...wish more businesses would understand this concept. I will not be coming back here.
5	What can i said this place is awesome the service is good and the pancakes are the best i have in my life, what a great place to start your day. I highly recommend this place
4	It's a fusion breakfast place and you have your choice between sweet or savory. We usually go with the savory! Pancakes of different varieties, spam, eggs, and more :)Adobo fried rice and Kalua Pig Benidect. I'm not really a fan of hollandaise but for some reason theirs, I like! My husband usually gets the adobo fried rice and it's pretty good too.I can't really ingest sweets like I used to but every once in awhile we'll share a short stack of pancakes and we're never disappointed. One thing that I wish they had is more of a selection of fresh juices. I'm not even sure if the juice that they offer is actually fresh?Love this place. The End.
4	This is a must every time we come to Vegas. The food is always delicious. The wait staff is very attentive and the prices are very reasonable. They have a myriad of pancake flavors. I love the red velvet cake and the lemon one. Trust me, you need to go here, just do it! (Nike)
3	I got married in Las Vegas last week. My Aunt from California said," before we leave We have to eat at Baby Stacks. They have all kinds of pancakes. I want red velvet."  We went and not only did they have a large section of interesting pancakes. They had grear variations of local Hawaiian dishes Portuguese sausage and eggs, kalua pork dishes. Everyone was very happy with their meal. Yes, my Aunt got her red velvet pancakes, I had nutella pancakes, my new husband got orange creamscicle pancakes.   We have to go back tomorrow. Now, I'm saying we have to stop there before we leave Las Vegas.   The service is very good and quick. They wouldn't seat us until we were all there. I understand that.It was quite busy for a Wed. Morning.
5	Best breakfast in Vegas. Hands down
5	I LOVE PANCAKES!  And if YOU LOVE PANCAKES, this place is a MUST!What makes this place even better is their Asian inspired breakfast items...makes the whole family happy!  We loved this place so much we came here twice during our one week vacation here in Vegas. On both of our visits the place was crowded, but we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Service was friendly and fast. From the time we placed our order to the time we got our food, probably was only about 10 minutes. Everything we ordered was soo good! The spam scramble w/garlic fried rice, cookies and cream pancakes, adobo fried rice, bananas foster pancakes, kalua pork grilled cheese and spam and eggs were all equally delicious!  Whether you are in the mood for sweet or savory, you can't go wrong with any of the dishes. Just to highlight on a few:1) The garlic fried rice is quite tasty!  Just like how my mom used to make it. Lots of garlic flavor, just enough salt and even some bits of the rice is crunchy. I like my rice like that, brings back childhood memories. 2) The Kalua pork grilled cheese was delish! The pork was smoky and had the perfect amount of saltiness to it. The Muenster and cheddar cheese made this grilled cheese oozing with cheesy goodness. 3) Bananas foster pancakes - saving the best for last! My mouth is salivating as I'm writing about these pancakes!  The pancake alone is fluffy and has great flavor. The brown sugar butter combo serves as the syrup in this dish, thank goodness. It has the right amount of sweetness and the bananas was caramelized perfectly. I could keep going on, but you must try this place out for yourselves!!
5	Pancakes are delish! Coffee is great too! The husband approves and that says a lot. We have tried the macadamia, lemon ricotta, banana and regular buttermilk - all so yummy!
1	As other bad reviews have already stated, they don't know how to effectively host so they over-quote wait times by 30 min. If they call you in 15 minutes and you're not waiting right there, you're out of luck. Once we got sat, they rushed us to order. The food arrived cold and burnt; kind of an oxymoron. We had to ask for the additional items we ordered that we never received. We still never got our complete orders but were certainly charged for them. They drop the check with the food and that's where the service, or lack thereof, ends.While paying my bill, the girl asked how everything was. I noticed the big sign at their host stand that said, "be nice or leave!" so I decided to not ruffle any feather since mine already were. With a sign like that, they don't care in the first place.Oh well. We'll find another place more deserving of our time, money and business.
5	Even if you are not a pancake person you will love babystacks.  It's like having dessert for breakfast.   :-)  we always get cookies and cream,  red velvet,  or banana foster pancakes.  In all my travels this is the best breakfast I've ever had.  If I ever leave Vegas I wish I could take this cafe with me!
2	Hawaiian Philippine breakfast fusion.  Place is small service is great.  Unfortunately didn't get to try one of their specialty pancakes, just got the regular pancakes.  Had the Kahlua pork Benedict and a Santa Fe omelet.  Guess I need to get the specialty pancakes to make the food experience better.
5	Come early because there's no wait! Wait times usually get ridiculously high during 10-11am. If you know baby stacks they always always get super busy! Especially weekends and Sundays!!! Something to expect from an amazing breakfast/lunch restaurant!I love their pancakes with extra fluffy whipped cream. I've tried the red velvet, banana cream pie, hazelnut, and regular pancakes. I also enjoy their seasoned potatoes! I always get them when I go there. The loco moco is delicious as well as the adobo fried rice stuffed in an omelet. SOO GOOD. Their skillets are also pretty good. I tried my boyfriend's one time. It was a little spicy because of his tabasco sauce but obviously that is something that can be controlled.Babystacks is always a great place to have breakfast or lunch!I would definitely recommend it!
4	BabyStacks needs to open in the Bay Area!!I ordered one of the specials, Lemon and Strawberry Pancake.  It was a lemon pancake topped with strawberry drizzle, whipped cream and fresh strawberries.  Served with a side of house sweet icing.  How could I not get this... I LOVE Strawberries and Lemon!!!My husband got the Kalua Pig Benedict.  So much on his plate that he couldn't even finish it.My daughter ordered the Red Velvet pancakes which was perfect!!Her boyfriend had the B.Y.O.which again was such a huge portion that we had to take the rest to go!!The bacon was crispy, they Portuguese sausage was good but the seasoned potatoes  lacked the seasoning.Service was just ok but the food made up for it.
5	Forget your 100 year old chain diners like IHOP and Danny's and try the breakfast here. This place gives you a family feel and home cooking style breakfast with a twist. Creative yet simple pancakes and breakfast items that you can eat anytime of the day.Service is as best as it can be almost every time and food is absolutely delicious.
5	PROS:- Red velvet pancakes.  Order this.- Cream cheese syrup.  YOLO.- Adobo fried rice- The waitress that helped us was friendly and attentiveCONS:- This place is 250 miles away from where I live.  LolTIPS:- The adobo fried rice is good enough for 2 people, so ask for an extra plate- Sriracha will evolve the adobo fried rice to another level.  Trust.
5	So I understand the locals like this place a lot, perhaps it is because of the varieties (Filipino, Hawaiian, American) available to choose from.  The menu is not a 2 pager, it is something to be studied.  Since I'm from out of town, I always want to go where the locals prefer.  We showed up @ about 11:00 am on a weds & the place was already humming.  When we left an hour later, there was a sizable crowd waiting for tables...the weekends must be a mad house here. I had the Kalua pig Benedict @ $9.75 and it was delicious.  My friend & I shared a short Red velvet pancake ($8.95 full, $5.75 short).  We loved the food.  Our server was fantastic.  She checked on us a few times & kept our beverages topped off.  I am so bookmarking this joint for future visits.
1	I ordered the country fried steak and it tasted artificial. The service was awful coffee tasted old and watery and it took forever to take our order and for them to bring our good. My boyfriend ordered the omelette fried rice it was okay. We also got the red velvet pancakes and the lemon ricotta pancakes they were good... the only thing good about this place were the pancakes.
3	Red velvet pancakes are great!  Didn't like the hash Brown that much. Too dry and the bacon want my fave too. . They way they cooked it... too dry.
5	I came to Vegas for my friends' wedding and my friends kept raving about this BabyStacks place.  I'm not huge on breakfast foods, but I was pleasantly surprised by BabyStacks.  I had the Spam scramble which was good.  The Furikake on top really cut through the saltiness of the Spam.  The scramble came with a side of pancakes, I got the white chocolate macadamia pancakes.  They were good but the white chocolate macadamia part of the pancakes was on top and it was difficult to get a perfect bite.  Otherwise they were just regular pancakes with toppings.  My friend and I shared the red velvet pancakes and OMG they are to die for!  I woke up in my bed in Sacramento the next day craving those pancakes.  The cream cheese syrup wasn't too sweet.  It was just right and the red velvet pancakes were so fluffy.  I wish I had just gotten those pancakes by themselves.GET THE RED VELVET PANCAKES EVERYONE!
2	Got the huevos rancheros and a short stack of pancakes.  The potatoes had very little seasoning everything else was pretty bland as well.  Reminded us of the food that they serve in cafes in Florida.We thought the pancakes would be good based on what the place is named but they were not too exciting either.  Even the syrup they use is pretty tasteless.  If you get enough butter on them then they taste like butter which is an improvement.The coffee was good as was the service.
2	Came here wanting to try it for several years after hearing good reviews. My experience didn't go as well. Ordered sausage, scrambled eggs, and a crepe. The sausage were cold on the inside and obviously raw in some places. I asked the server to send them back and within 1 min and a half they were given back to me, having been obviously thrown in the deep fryer. They were crispy on the outside and still cold on the inside. In gave up and just laughed it off, as this is really unprofessional in my opinion. The crepe was mediocre and underdone too. Two stars are for my server, who was very nice and attentive and kept my coffee cup full.
5	One of my favorite cafe's to go to! Food is always amazing and service is phenomenal.  Must try the adobo special and red velvet pancakes.
4	First time at this little place! I am a pancake junky and when I saw they had a bunch of different dessert hot cakes I had to come check it out! I had the s'mores pancakes and they were excellent! I normally like big bigger pancakes but these were just right! Also built my own omelette which comes with a choice of side. I chose the garlic fried rice which was awesome! Great place to eat!
5	One of my favorite breakfast places in the city. The pancakes are by far the best thing on the menu but everything else is also very delicious.
3	Ohhh baby stacks. Should have gotten the corned beef hash! Long wait for brunch/lunch that I was able to go through the menu and yelp to decide what I wanted. I was between the corned beef hash and the kulua pork Benedict, thanks to yelp recommendationsBut honestly wasn't that happy with it :( I wanted something salty (that's why I didn't spring for the pancakes) and the taste was a little too smoky and not what I was expecting...One pro is that I like how their pancakes are small, easier to eat and cute too
5	Took a day trip to Vegas & a friend recommend BabyStacks,  I guess a lot of locals come here. The food was delicious, I could taste all the flavors of the food as it was fresh.
3	Had brunch here. Can't say it's awesome! But now the Red Velvet Pancakes...amazing!! I'd come back for the red velvet pancakes alone. I think here it's all about what you order. Good service, decently priced.
5	Love this place for it's pancakes!red velvet pancake are my favorite of all !but banana fosters is not far behind. If you don't mind waiting for a awesome breakfast then this place will hit the spot. My oldest daughter always orders the rocky road pancakes, she says that's what chocolate lovers will like mom!!!! Lol
5	We love this place! When it is not busy, we always get our ordered food at least within 10 mins of sitting down. We always get their adobo fried rice portuguese sausages with garlic fried rice and eggs. It comes with sides. I forgot the choices but we always get the red velvet pancakes with a small surcharge. This works with us since I have a 4 year old girl who can't finish a whole stack of pancakes so this option comes in handy! Service is good! When they're busy,  just be patient and be considerate... will recommend this place to anyone :)
5	Love coming here! It's become my neighborhood go-to place. Food is great. Service is great. Spam & Eggs and the  Orange Creamsicle pancakes are my fave!
5	My family and I love babystacks. Reasonable prices for great food. They have really good omelets and local moco.  The red velvet pancakes are also delicious.
5	Went here for the first time today and I definitely was impressed. The banana creme pie cakes were amazing! The service was quick, entire staff was friendly. Only minor complaint is the tables are a little close together, making it feel as if the person next to you is in your conversation.
4	A little drive off of the Vegas Strip but well worth a little drive for a more down home comfort food meal. There is a bit of a wait (we were a party of 4 on a Thursday morning and waited 30 min for a table) and it is a little tight. I would say that if there is a wait on a Thursday morning and they close at 2, it is most likely worth my time. The waitress was very nice and easy going. My husband had the club which was something he was craving and he was very satisfied. I have the blackened chicken sandwich and I was very good. The chicken was tender, the lettuce was crisp, the cheese was perfectly melted and the bread was just the right amount of toasted. The fries that came on the side were the ones that you would get at an old soda shop. They were thin but had a great flavor that I didn't need salt for.
5	Delicious food all around. I had the carrot cakes with scrambled eggs and seasoned potatoes. Everything was tasty and the carrot cake pancakes was surprisingly fluffy without putting to many shredded carrots in it. We also had crepes at the table and they were damn good. All in all, a worthy place to eat. Friendly workers and great food.
4	Always looking for great breakfast place and this is one we found.  Love the baby stack options, carrot cake yum!! The hubby love the e bgs benedict.
5	Wow is all I can say; now I can come to Vegas and get my fave dish I eat at Eggs & Things in Hawaii.  Our server Cassandra was awesome as well as was the comfortable dining experience.  If your ever in Vegas visit Babystacks
5	Love coming here when we are visiting Las Vegas. A favorite of mine is the adobo fried rice and of course red velvet pancakes! It is a must to come and eat here. There is nothing on the strip that compares to this place.  They do not take reservations, and your party must be all present, otherwise, they cannot seat you.  Love this place!!!
5	Great red velvet pancakes! This is the reason you go here!!If you haven't tried these pancakes you haven't tried what Babystacksis all about.Banana cream pancakes are also a delicious option that come in to a close second place.
5	I always receive excellent customer service at every Babystacks location I go to. The servers are always attentive, kind, and patient. I feel like this is the perfect place for brunch because there are both breakfast and lunch options on the menu. The food is always consistent in presentation and taste, and it's super delish. My favorite that I always get are the ever so famous red velvet pancakes with the yummy cream cheese syrup to top it off. If you're looking for an awesome breakfast joint with a rather relaxed atmosphere compared to others, I highly recommend this place. It will forever be one of my favorites to go to.
5	This is absolutely one of my new favorite local breakfast spots! They have many different varieties of pancakes, all which are very delicious. And always keep a watch out for their specials as they are amazing.I've been here about a half a dozen times for breakfast now, & I have to say that I will now be a regular almost every week. They have friendly wait staff always delicious meals. It's never a hit and miss. It's always very good and consistent. I'm usually a healthy eater so I only come here on my cheat days but when I do cheat, I come to babystacks.Grade A in my book!
2	I ordered the country fried steak...grease, all I could taste was Grease...
3	I like to go here if I'm craving Asian American breakfast Food however it just takes a while to come out. Place is always busy. The food is okay. Wasn't very impressed with the garlic rice. Staff needs to have better communication. *TIP* if you do go there. pay only in CASH
5	I love it here! I love their food because its not an ordinary breakfast joint. It has an island style food and also they have many variety of pancakes! i've only tried the red velvet and the banana cream pie and they were both so DELICIOUS. The workers were so pleasant and nice. I'm definitely going back as much as i can.
4	This is the best breakfast spot for Hawaii locals in my opinion.  Locals like rice with their breakfast. I always upgrade to garlic rice.  I used to get the spam scramble or just Kalua pig, eggs and rice, but now I typically get the country fried steak.. So Ono!  They also have a vast selection of pancakes.  I love the island music, the tvs on sports, all the local people that come in, the staff is so friendly and personable.  I totally feel like I'm home and it's always nice to see people in there that are obviously not from Hawaii.  Just talking about it now, I think I'm going to head on down!  It's only a block from my house which is always great.  Anyone who lives in Vegas knows westside is the best side! Oh! The only reason I didn't make it 5 stars, is one time I ordered for take out and when I ate it at home it didn't taste nearly as good; my garlic rice was weighed down and my Kalua pig was just whatever.
5	My wife and I were going through Las Vegas trying to hit up all the food places. I usually go for drinking and gambling, so it was nice that I could wake up before 9 AM to try different food places.We know pancakes can be filling, but we were determined to try the food. So we ordered 2 different pancakes with eggs and bacon. Suffice to say, my wife and I didn't finish our order.We ordered the red velvet pancakes (so good) and the pecan pancake (can't remember the name). Very satisfied with the meal. We ordered the Portuguese sausage as well. It's good, but it taste pretty much the same as the ones you can buy from the super market.
4	You know you're a true foodie when you look for the best restaurant for a particular dish, and this place does Red Velvet Pancakes THEE BEST. EVER. The cream cheese frosting it comes with is literally the icing on the cake ;) a MUST order for sure!Also, the cookie butter French toast is amazing. How could anything cookie butter not be amazing?! GET IT!The white chocolate macadamia nut pancakes were alright. And the kalua grilled cheese wasn't as flavorful as we were hoping. And the steak and eggs were standard. Seems like the breakfast entrees are pretty regular but I can't wait to try some of the other pancakes! This place gets 4 stars because the red velvet pancakes and cookie butter French toast are out of this world delicious! And the staff is always friendly!
5	Plugs are on the ceiling so if u need 2 charge ur phone- bring an extension cord :)Portuguese sausage and eggs is ok.  Garlic rice is yummo.Buttermilk pancake is ok.Blackened chix sandwich had good texture.Gave it a 5 star prematurely.  3.5 star is more appropriate for the food.    Excellent service :)
4	I love the red velvet pancakes with turkey bacon! I've also tried the seasonal pumpkin pancakes, which was really yummy!
5	If you love to eat breakfast, THIS IS THE PERFECT RESTAURANT! The smell of the food is amazing!My brother told us to eat here because of the reviews he checked on here. We checked all the pictures before we ordered. Everything looks so good!I ordered the Portuguese Sausage, Eggs, & Rice. It comes with pancake, of course.And also had the Almond Joy pancake. There's so many choices! Lots of people came, so if I were you.. Come in the morning as soon as it opens. It gets a little crowded and so many kids too. They have great services here!I give this a 5 star (:
1	Ate here for the first time and my experience was not so good. I had high expectations due to the reviews but I must say, the food was mediocre and the service the same. Turkey sausage was disgusting  my buddies brkfst burrito was dry. Will not return. It's over rated and over priced. Save yourself the time and obey, go to the cracked egg or egg works.
3	I ordered the adobo fried rice omelet. I wish it had more if a trditonal adobo flavor as it was a bit on the light side for me. And the raspberry iced tea was kinda watered down.  But the cookie butter French toast was on point!
4	Service is always friendly.  Great food for the price.  I'm almost always here after a long night shift.
5	Was recommended to visit BabyStacks by the valet at the Palms Hotel.It was a very short drive from the hotel, we waited the half hour for a seating and were not disappointed.They have nice music playing that reminds me of my visit to Hawaii last year. The servers were cordial. Since the hotel food was soooooo expensive it was a welcome relief to see their pricing. As far as the food. We ordered burritos, pancakes and also the Spinach Benedict. I had some of each and loved each item. Funny... they don't bring pancake syrup with some of the pancakes. The sauces seem to be enough to dress the pancakes but we asked for syrup anyway. If your in Vegas and want a place to eat breakfast I recommend this place. The menu is extensive.
3	The wait time is ridiculous, but the place is relatively small. Packed places mean good food though. Which was the truth! The hazelnut pancakes were delicious. The omelet could have more salt, but tasted fairly well. The hash browns could have been cooked better but I enjoyed them.
5	Ok so they get busy and sometimes you have to waitWe have had both great and mediocre serviceThe good stuff, the foodEvery pancake flavor is great, cremesicle, red velvet, lemon ricotta, to name a fewMy favorite sweet creme crepes with or without fruitCoffee is decent but everyone has their own taste when it comes to coffeeIs without a doubt a breakfast must try.
4	My goodness this place is good and bountiful.  It's and abundance of food for a descent prices.  They have very unique flavors of hotcakes and a variety of other dishes.  I ordered the country fried steak and seasoned potatoes which come with a side of buttermilk pancakes.  The potatoes amazing country fried steak was good however I could have had less gravy but no big deal.  Not huge cakes but a great side compliment and it will fill you up.  I will be back to try more of this menu.Rockford pancakes were pretty good as well with nuts on the side.
5	I'm such a chocolate lover! But I fell into a romantic entanglement with the orange cremesicle pancakes!!  The Loco moco is also a 8/10... I've been there multiple times over the past year is have to say i was  only disappointed in one dish which was a pork omelette that was bland. But luckily I had the orange cremesicle pancakes and it evened out my dining experience lol
5	This place is awesome! If you're from the islands or want to know how people from Hawaii eat, you should eat here. The vibe is nice, however they don't take reservations, so make sure everyone's there when you walk in the building. I had their Portuguese sausage and eggs with garlic rice. They do put a lot of garlic so BEWARE! Also the staff was really nice.
1	I Started Going To Babystacks, The Moment They Opened, Really Close To Home.Fabulous Breakfast, Greatest Hash Browns.Then I Had Numourous Bad Breakfasts, How Do You Screw Up Breakfasts. So Boycotting It ,Then One Year Later, The Cooks Forgot How To Cook Hashbrowns, And The Rude Waitress Had The Audasity To Say it's Always Been That Way. I Love Hashbrowns, I Don't Like Someone Telling Me ,It's Always Been That Way. Never A Manager On Duty. Restaurants Do Not Run Themselve's.  I Did Not Go In There For A Whole Year And I Wished I Never Returned After Eating. I Was Shocked At The Terrible Breakfast I Was Served.Owners Really Need To Evaluate The Business Send In Spotter's You Will Be Shocked At the Shitty Food And Attitude.......
5	They have some of the best pancakes in Vegas.  If I get a craving for pancakes, I make sure and go to Baby Stacks. They have locations all over Vegas and are generally located near all the busy city areas.
5	The steak and eggs are so good, I order TWO of them. Red velvet pancakes of course. The workers are always nice and polite at every location I've been to. Hands down my favorite restaurant to eat at; Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day after a good workout.
3	They do a solid breakfast and by the looks of the long line, they are obviously doing something right; however, I've been able to recreate the dishes I like here in the comfort of my own home without the hassle of waiting around. This is a good option to take out of town guests to since they have a lot of Hawaiian breakfast plates and sweet pancake/dessert options, but I don't want to waste my weekends in line here. The staff does their best to accommodate everyone, but they easily fall behind tasks (providing checks, refilling drinks, condiment requests, etc) since there is so much going on. They also have their location on N Buffalo, so make sure to clarify the location you are meeting people at. You can call ahead for the wait time, but that can change at any moment. Will only come back if I'm feeling lazy.
2	Enjoy the breakfast here.  We ordered the Portuguese Sliders for the first time yesterday.  Rather disappointed.  We were expecting actual whole pieces of Portuguese Sausage with the egg.  Talk about skimping on the sausage.  Little bits and pieces of diced thin sausage in the egg.  Literary bits and pieces.  Felt ripped off at nearly $9.00 for three sliders which was basically EGGS.  Brought it to the waitress attention.  Guess customer service is not a priority either.  Rather than make it right she blew it off like it was nothing.  The least she could have done was to bring extra sausage.  This is how you lose customers.  By cutting corners and lack of service.
4	Went for breakfast around 8am on Monday. Not overly busy and were seated right away.  Staff was friendly and prompt. Liked the large selection of pancakes and variety of the other menu items. Ordered the Red Velvet short stack which was three pancakes, topped with homemade whipped cream, chocolate cookie crumble and cream cheese syrup. The pancakes were good enough to eat plain, nothing else was required but lliked the cream cheese topping as well. Husband has eggs with Portuguese sausage and the garlIc rice. We love Portuguese sausage and was impressed the menu has Hawaiian style food as well. The garlic rice was different but needed a tad more seasoning. All well prepared and enjoyable.  Better than the other breakfast place we tried. Need to try some other pancake flavors and more of the Hawaiian specialties next time!
2	Nothing like CAKE for breakfast!!We ordered the Kahluah Pig Benedict and the Chick Skillet with Red Velvet Pancakes. The service was good. The server was prompt and polite, always there to refill coffee.The food came out quick enough, the portions weren't enormous like many breakfast places do. The Benedict was good enough, the pig was tender, cabbage just slightly crunchy. The poached egg was poached hard (Not runny) which I like a little more runny, but that's ok, and I could always go for more hollandaise! haha!As I had seen mentioned in another post, the hashbrowns suck. They're a thin layer of potatoes crisped on the top side, mushy on the bottom. Meh.The skillet sucked terribly. The "chick" aka, chicken, was in the form of 3 small pieces. VERY disappointing! (Mentioned it to the server, and it was taken care of, but besides the point) They did not skimp at all on the benedict, but the skillet was a wash.The Red Velvet cakes were amazing. But then, who doesn't like eating birthday cake for breakfast? Because seriously, that's what it is. Sugary mess of yum.  And honestly, not impressed. I can nuke some birthday cake in the microwave and call it a day.All in all, I don't plan on returning, thanks anyways!
3	Very disappointed about their rice. For a place that serves "hawaiian" style food, their rice was like "minute / jasmine" rice. I wish I had asked our busser (since he looked like he could've been from Hawaii) if he would've eaten the rice. I'm positive he would've said 'NO'. Al dente, hard on the exterior like its been sitting out too long and not appetizing at all. Get potatoes. You're better off. As for the rest of the food, I had a spam scramble - not enough furikake. Pancakes were good and fluffy. Please just fix the rice!!! Trust me it's gross.
5	This place is my favorite place to eat in Vegas!  I go to Vegas several times a year and make it a point to stop here every time.  Its about 10 minutes from the strip and usually a line out the door, but worth the wait.  Stop by early and you won't have a wait, but who wakes up early in Vegas.  Try any of their pancakes or their Adobo Fried Rice Omelette.Enjoy!
4	I think I'd heard too much about BabyStacks before visiting, so my expectations were WAY too high! However, that's not to say that it was a bad experience by any stretch. I just should have stuck to my initial thought and either ordered the Red Velvet or Carrot Cake pancakes instead of the Cinnamon Roll. They were good, just not great. It took awhile to get to the cinnamon- for awhile I felt like they were just regular pancakes.The service was friendly, and coffee was refilled frequently. They do very brisk business, so you'll likely have a wait if you visit on a weekend. Prices were very fair- 2 people can eat well for $20.
3	My friends totally hyped this place up, even though I'm not a huge fan of pancakes. Then again how can I NOT try the famous red velvet pancakes? Too tempting.This is a super popular place for breakfast or brunch, and their targeted hours (closing at 2PM or 3PM everyday) make sure they are ALWAYS packed. If you come with a group, make sure you don't have any lagging friends, because they will only seat you when your entire party is present.I tried the limited edition Chocolate Peppermint Pancakes, which were tasty for the first three bites then were too sweet. The pancakes themselves are chocolate, with peppermint pieces cooked into them. Good thing I only got a small stack! I did try the red velvet pancakes, but they just tasted like flat red velvet cupcakes, as expected. The wide variety of food at BabyStacks is a little overwhelming, but I guess you could say they have something for everyone. The service is decent (not outstanding) and it's just a hectic place to eat with all the crowds and TVs and bar area and AHH it can get crazy. Definitely an iconic restaurant to check out but nothing special.
4	Lines can be long so come early, they open at 8!Adobo Fried rice is awesome. So are there red velvet pancakes. I usually ask for 'as a side' can never finish the meal. Service can be so-so. I had both, hit or miss, but come back for the good food!
3	I drove off of the strip to try this place & see what the hype was about. It's a small place. They told us that the wait would be about 40 min for a table. It turned out to be more like 50 min & we were there later -- maybe around noon. The waitress was cold and to the point. There was no "where you guys from" or anything like that. I had the banana foster pancakes (not listed on their menu). It was an upgrade to the 2 egg breakfast with potatoes. Two pancakes with cinnamon & caramel sauce and bananas. I asked for no whip cream. The pancakes were good. The other people at my table didn't like theirs as much (red velvet & s'mores -- was dry). If you're ok with the wait, then maybe visit them.
4	My best friend is always raving about this place and we were nearby on a Sunday morning, starving of course. Pulling in I saw a long line, I was thinking about leaving since I was on a tight schedule so I walked in an asked how long the wait time was, for two people it was only 20 minutes so I decided to stick around, for others with larger groups, the wait time was an hour, eek. In the end I only ended up waiting 10 minutes. I felt a little bit claustrophobic walking in, it was really packed and all of the tables were very close together. You could lean over and eat off of your neighbors plate! Our waitress came out quick and took our order. For my drink  I decided to go with coffee, blah! It was gross. The coffee tasted watered down like they prepared it, dumped half of it out and refilled it with water, I could get a better tasting cup at McDonald's. For my breakfast entree I went with Cora's corned beef hash, eggs over medium, and substituted the buttermilk pancakes, instead I got the red velvet pancakes.Food came out quick as well, the corned beef hash was seasoned well, tasted great, but my eggs came out over easy instead of over medium. The red velvet pancakes were mighty tasty, very fluffy and a little crisp on the outside. They were topped off with whipped cream, which went well with the cream cheese syrup. After our food came out the waitress disappeared, we were to never see her again. We were never asked how the food was or if we wanted any refills. We are very generous tippers when we get great service, on this occasion I was thinking of not even leaving a tip but I'm not that rude, she got $3 for her disappearing act! Honestly, if it weren't for the food, I would have rated this place two stars, but since the food was great (minus the eggs), they get four from me.
2	Not impressed at all. All hype. The seasoned potatoes were good since they weren't greasy, so I'll give them 2 stars for that. The server was cold and not attentive at all. The pancakes (smores) were dry and unremarkable. I make much better myself at home. Not worth the 50+ minute wait.
5	Oh breakfast foods, many are the ways that you complete my soul. BabyStacks filled a hole in my breakfast heart that I never knew was there.  The pancakes were fluffy and delicious.  The biggest problem I had with the place was there were WAY to many delectable options on the menu.  I got the hazel nut and my wife got the cream sickle. Both, amazing.  The hazel nut is a Nutella lovers dreams.  The cream sickle was like....well...a cream sickle. We left filling full and wanting to take a nap.  In fact we didn't even have lunch!  That's how much it filled my breakfast hole.
5	Loved this place. I'm biased, but its still great. Spam n eggs wit a small kine chocolate n peppermint pancake...so good. can't go wrong with island reggae playin on the stereo.
5	I absolutely adore the Portuguese sausage and the red velvet pancakes. The only issue is that I eat the sausage, eggs and rice and I have only a little room for the pancakes. The cream cheese syrup is the perfect consistency and the whip cream is to die for. When I come to Las Vegas, I make a special trip here. Expect a small wait. We were able to score 3 seats at the counter and that helped with the wait.
3	Eh...it was ok. I'm a breakfast food connoisseur...addict, however you want to put it and have now tried nearly every breakfast joint in Vegas. The verdict: Eggs Works and The Cracked Egg trump this place in regards to menu and taste. I liked my food - and my friend's food whose plates I smuggled bites from, but unless it's for a meeting and someone else is paying or Egg Works and the Cracked Egg both close, I probably won't go back. But the worst part is, since leaving there I now smell like an omelette! Seriously, I just had to febreeze myself because I stink!!
4	Have heard about this place but never tried it until yesterday. Very small cafe type but that's what I liked about it. Has a family owned at home feel to it. Menu has great selection. Was not in the mood for breakfast so had a sandwich it was still very good. I do want to come back and try the breakfast out. Service was friendly and quick. Will be back
4	Starter cocktails in the bar were great. Food was superb. The flavor of each individual item on your plate was well represented and delicious. And the service was friendly, attentive, and spot on. All things combined made our first night in Las Vegas, NV an evening to remember.
3	I was really expecting great food after seeing the hype on Yelp. What I got was decent food,  but nothing to write home about. There was a list with the hostess for seating on Sunday. My party of 2 was seated within 20-25 minutes. The service was adequate.  All in all,  I'd eat here again if I happened to be in the neighborhood during breakfast time and they had no line. Otherwise,  skip it.
