4	Osaka's a Las Vegas classic.  It's been around since before it was fashionable to do this whole sushi thing.  Housed in an older building and older section of the city, the restaurant ambles backward in odd angles, but it provides for different seating areas.  Up front is the sushi bar and traditional table seating, in the middle are Teppan grills, and in the rear are Tatami rooms. Everything at Osaka is always delicious.  The fish is always fresh and looks appetizing.  I had some of the best tempura of my life here.  The chefs are very accommodating with special requests.  Once I attended a birthday party here with at least 20 - 25 people in attendance, all of whom were coming and going at different times, and the service was great.  Everything was prepared correctly and everyone's separated bills were correct as well.It might not have the pomp and circumstance that other newer sushi bistros do, but Osaka is a safe bet for delicious, fresh food in a comfortable environment with superb service.
4	This is a Las Vegas favorite of our's. Both hubby AND I have been to this place (separately) and we've both loved the quality sashimi they serve. The tatami 'cubicles' are kinda cool.Service is good and everything we've ever eaten here has always been top notch, from sushi to sashimi, appetizers etc.It's off the strip, but if you have access to a car, it's really not far at all. Look for the 'other Lady Liberty' (not the one at NY NY) or, if you're in a cab, just tell the cab driver that. He'll get you there.
4	I have been coming here for the last two years, and the service is friendly and warm; But as recent as last week, I notice they have new waiters and they aren't as friendly.  The sushi is consistently fresh, although it might not be the best cut like those I've had in Orange County. But if you're into tempura, this is the best place to go; it beats Frenzy Sushi in OC's tempura rolls. The chef here are creative and they consistently create rolls that incorporate the East and West ingredients to provide customers with one of a kind experience. If you like to try as many different roll as possible,go for it and get half roll instead of full roll, and trust me it's worth it. The tempura rolls are party-in-your-mouth good. I think it's great place to try to bring your love ones who are a little iffy about trying raw fish.  They won't notice because of the freshness of the fish and also the tasty sauce that come with it. Other than the roll, their nigiri and sashimi are alright.  The uni is another good one to try, very fresh and buttery.  I got my sister to try it, and she's not a big sushi fan.
3	It's late on a Sunday night and the BF suggests trying out the original Osaka after having visited their second location a few weeks back. Walking through the front door, you immediately face a wall.  Not the most feng shui I'm sure, but make a right down the hall and you'll see another entrance which brings you right to the sushi bar.  I noted to the BF that this location was way smaller, and he then pointed out they had more room in the back.  We took a walk down there after eating to check out their tatami room (lots of space), semi-private booths, and a hibachi grill area too.  They are pretty fancy here with slide shows running on a computer screen at every booth in the back.  I would be even more impressed if it was a touch screen where you can order all your food by pressing your selection.  That would be super high tech!  Anyway, back to the review and the food.  The menus are pretty much the same at both locations, for the most part.  From their late night happy hour menu, this is what we ordered:* Shishamo ($2.80) - It came with three pieces.  Again a bit tougher than what I'm used to.  They seasoned it with black pepper, but I asked for some salt to give it a little more kick too.* Korean-Style Spicy Chicken ($4.50) - It's literally stir-fried chicken with Korean spicy sauce on a bed of lettuce.  I wasn't sure if the lettuce was garnish or to eat.  Oh well, I ate it.* Crazy Horse Roll ($4.20) - It's tuna, salmon, masago and mixed together with spicy sauce.  It's a very basic roll, but pretty good.* Fire Roll ($3.90) - Crab meat and spicy sauce.  Unfortunately, it looks like the CA rolls you buy from the supermarket, but without the avocado in it.  It had a bit of kick in it.And from their regular menu: * Ankimo ($6.95) - Monkfish liver...oh how I love this stuff.  It's an acquired taste.  I like to soak my chunk in ponzu sauce and then break off a tiny piece and savor each little morsel.  The BF likes to dunk his piece into the sauce and then toss the whole thing in his mouth.  He likes to then mush it around in his mouth.  Haha!They are known for their exotic and colorful rolls, and they can be a bit a pricey.  It's our unfortunate luck that the only two rolls we ordered were so visually boring.  Service: It wasn't too busy this late in the evening.  A handful of people at the bar and few people at the tables.  The BF had to ask for his soda to be refilled and the waitress never came back with his drink!  When he asked for it, the waitress got him another one.  Then a few minutes later, she came by and took his drink away!  (We were wondering why she did that.)  When she came back with his drink, she said she was refilling it again.  (I guess to make up for his drink disappearing in the first place.)  The BF asked for my own pot of tea since I'm a big tea drinker and to save them the trouble of having to refill my teacup every five seconds.One waiter came by twice to take away dishes that we weren't done yet.  In the process, he would try to squeeze in between us to reach for the plate, only to realize there was still food on it.  And finally at the end of our meal when the plate was clearly empty, then he asked if he could take it!  We were amused.  And actually, when we are both done sharing a plate, we actually put it to the side to help them out for that reason - so they don't have to reach in between a couple of lovebirds.  Duh!     Don't forget that you can get a 10% coupon when you visit their website!(Yep, there's pics of our food eats in the business profile!)
5	My favorite sushi spot. The food is killer and the staff exceptional. I like to go solo, sit at the sushi bar, and watch the chefs work their magic. Sushi is an art unto itself.
4	Quick Review: Great value in the late night menu, good, but expensive food at other times of the day.Long-Winded Review:When I grew up in Vegas in the 80's, there were only 1-2 Japanese restaurants in town, but they were very authentic ones that served food you could find in Tokyo.  Fast forward 20 years and we have a Sushi restaurant on every corner.  Teriyaki Chicken is served at Jack in the Box.  You can get California Rolls at 7-11.  There are hundreds of "Japanese" restaurants out now, but they're as close to Japanese as Olive Garden is Italian.  Osaka's menu remains largely grounded in its Japanese roots, but it also features a good selection of "custom" sushi rolls that you'll find in other sushi restaurants.  The menu is extensive, and some parts may be difficult to navigate since it is in Japanese (or the English equivalent, Romaji).  Item descriptions are all too brief and unless you've been there before, you may be intimidated by ordering something new.  It's probably best to ask your server or sushi chef questions before ordering.  What troubles me about Osaka is that I feel it's trying to be all things to all people.  It serves authentic Japanese fare, but it's also trying to be edgy, trendy, and hip by offering experimental fusion dishes and desserts.  However, the fact that I still go there regularly suggests that Osaka's experimentation doesn't bother me all that much.  As with older Japanese restaurants, prices are a tad higher than other places in town ($15 for chicken teriyaki dinner vs. $9.95 at other places), but the quality is much better.  You're not going to get as much food, but if you're looking for quantity, I can suggest some good all-you-can-eat sushi places that will feed you for under $30.The real value of Osaka is its late night menu (10 pm - 2 am).  It features a wide variety of food for under $10.  You can get rolls and appetizers for $5 or less, and entrees are available for under $10.  The Japanese Style Beef Bowl is a steal at $5.80 (it's like a Yoshinoya Beef Bowl, but tastier).  It's a great place to go with friends after/before clubbing since you can do a family-style meal.Desserts are hit or miss.  The Tempura Ice Cream is a great value at $5.50 and it easily serves 2-4 people.  Some of the other items are good, but definitely not worth the high price.
4	I eat here at least once EVERY TIME I visit Vegas.  It's not your 100% authentic Japanese sushi place but hey I'm not a sushi snob.  I would have to say that they have the largest selection of Americanized Sushi Rolls anywhere.  The 777 roll is my favorite.  The "hot" foods are not bad but pale in comparison to their rolls.  Order a few of the special rolls and you're good to go.  California Rockin Sushi has NOTHING on this place.  In fact ever since I started going to Osaka I refuse to ever eat at CRS.
4	This is the best sushi restaurant in town. We had the omakase (chef's choice) and had his specialties. The sashimi here is really fresh and tasty. The prices overall on the  menu was very reasonable. The cost on the omakase is really up to you. We told him $80/person and we had over 10 dishes. (2 of which had toro) You can always set this lower and order more later if you're still hungry. They do have coupons available. Check online or in the local advertisements.
1	Are you sh*ttin' me?  Worst.  Sushi.  Ever.May be we should have stayed away from the sashimi and nigiri.  May be when we asked about omakase and the waitress didn't know what we were talking about we should have just ordered some standard rolls off the menu.  May be they should have given us some fresh fish instead of the wretched crap they served.  May be upon seeing the dryness/lack of luster on the fish we should have just not eaten.  May be that salmon roe was in fact not from a jar. May be I can recover from this horrible experience to enjoy sushi once again.  May be.But probably not anytime soon...
1	I stopped writing reviews on Yelp because it was too time consuming, but after eating at this restaurant, I can't help but tell the world about our experience, one that I hope will make other people wary of coming here.We arrived at Osaka on a typical Saturday afternoon (1pm-ish) and was shown a table in the back room (where the tables were larger).  As we walked past the first room upon entering, I noticed that it was fairly empty but it didn't struck me as odd since there are so many restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas.We sat down and were given multiple menus, each one with something different in it.  I guess this could be a good thing since I like having lots of choices.  We ordered our drinks (hot green tea and iced green tea) and browsed the menus for omakase, which we heard from someone (ahem) that it is worth coming here for.After everyone in our party arrived (there were 5 of us), we asked the waitress about their omakase and she completely hesitated. I thought that was strange considering this should be a simple question.  She said she'll be right back, so we sat there, thinking maybe she's just new or something.  But even so... o_O.She came back and in broken English asked us if we wanted sashimi or sushi, and we said a little of both.  She then proceeded to say that it's $100 for all four people that wanted it, and I confirmed if it was $100 per person, or if it was $100 for all four people because that makes a HUGE difference.  She said $100 for four people, so we agreed.After ordering the "omakase" - I realized that she must have ordered us the plate of normal sashimi/sushi that was on the menu.  I remember seeing $50 for 2 people for something, so with 4 people, she just doubled it.  I thought sure... why not.  We were going to try their assortment of rolls, but given that the omakase is supposed to be good, I decided to give it a try.The first plate of sashimi came out looking decent.  I'm not too familiar with the names and the translation for the type of fish, so I'm just going to say that I tried just about everything on the menu and only a couple items tasted okay.  There were quite a few nasty bites in between, including one in which I had to spit out.  Now, I'm not a sushi snob at all, but when I have to do that, it means it's NOT good.  My companions agreed, and another person had to go thru that ritual later on in the meal as well (said one of the fish tasted grainy too).  Fortunately, our napkins were right in front of us.  =)As an additional note, we received 2 additional plates of sushi rolls which were supposed to be part of the omakase deal.  We thought it was just so-so as well... perhaps even bad.At the end of the meal, we noticed the $100 + $70 on top of our other charges.  We asked about the $70 and they said it was for the 2 plates of sushi rolls that accompanied our sashimi omakase plate. Needless to say, that $70 was a surprise because we were told  it was $100 for four people.  If they told us they were going to bring additional sushi plates for $35 each, I think we would've either said no, or ordered or own rolls.  Ugh.  I hate when mess-ups like this happen.We told our waitress about the issue and she left to talk to the owner/mgr.  The owner/mgr. came by quite awhile later to ask us what the issue was.  We explained clearly about the unexpected charge and the miscommunication but he wouldn't budge.  In fact, he brought up how good of a quality the fish were, and given that, this is still a good deal.  The whole time, I kept thinking if I should tell the truth about the quality of his fish, but I kept my mouth shut in case he was going to give us a break.I suppose we all could've said something because at the end, nothing happened out of the negotiation.  He wouldn't even take the charge of one $35 plate of sushi off, so we paid, left, and vowed never to come back.  I've had a lot of sushi before, but I would rank this as the worst sushi AND experience ever.  There are a ton of other great sushi restaurants in Vegas, so look it up on Yelp and go there.  You will not regret it.
3	Since Raku was closed for the first couple days of the New Year, we had to search for another new place to eat.We found Osaka Japanese Bistro.First of all, there's some history to this place.  It's been around for over 40 years so you have to assume they know what they're doing.  It's also in a slightly shady part of town where only locals should go or those who are lost searching for Ichiza find themselves.We started off with some sushi rolls and sashimi.  Meh.  I've had fresher sashimi and better tasting roll combinations.  Although, I did like the fact Osaka offered half orders on most of their rolls.The entree we ordered was a little better.  We ordered the John's Special and had a good time to sharing.  Tempura was battered a little heavier than I'm use to but the chicken and beef teriyaki had a good flavor.The dessert was surprisingly good.  We had the green tea tiramisu (I know it's a traditional Italian dessert but doesn't it just sound Japanese?).  I would have never have guessed that the flavors of mascarpone and green tea would marry so well.  It was pricey but worth the experience.Overall, I'd be willing to go back for late night eats, desserts, and drinks but will have to pass on having dinner here again.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and it has been that way going on 10 years.  Its got a real neighborhood feel too it.  Food is always fresh and service is super polite and prompt.  I just love to go there after work and take off my shoes and lounge around on the pillows.  I recommend the chicken teriyaki, tempura shrimp and veggies and Japanese sandwiches.
4	Absolutely wonderful sushi. The 1-star and 2-star reviews have absolutely no clue about real sushi. This place doesn't cater to california styles ... it serves some but its strength is traditional plates and -real- sake (the kind that is still cloudy and you -want- to drink with your meal not just sip). The only reason I didn't give 5-stars was due to the out of the way location and tiny frontage. But in a town like Vegas that can be a bonus, too.
5	What can I say? The BEST JAPANESE RESTAURANT IN VEGAS! ^_^ I love their rolls, their sashimi are so fresh and delicious!  My fav dinner dish is Teriyaki beef, they are smoky!  They have Teppan table but I always prefer the sitting at the tatami room, cause it's so cozy and private if you want to bring your partner.  Service is wonderful, and food came out fast.  For desert, I recommend the green tea mousse, they have the most prefect taste, not too sweet and not too creamy.
5	Came here on a busy Friday night.  The place was packed.  We had an assortment of sushi, and the teppanyaki.  I can't say enough about the excellent service and attention to detail.  All the sushi was delicious, try the sushi lasagna (omg, to die for!).  The teppan grill was great.  We had steak and salmon but first they served us soup and rice.  The soup was really yummy and I loved the little noodles, very yummy.  The fried rice was great (and cute pacman while they make it for the kids), and the meat and veges were so fresh.  The entire meal was just a pleasure.  The staff was so attentive.  They have a cool ordering system - they don't even have to go to the kitchen to place the order.  They just put it into their little handheld and the kitchen starts making your food.  The sushi came out so fast, we were hungry!  Can't wait to go back!  We were so full we only had room for a scoop of green tea ice cream.  The dessert menu looks amazing and I love all the pictures.
5	My favorite sushi place in town. Love all their rolls, they fish are really fresh and the chefs there are very creative. Everything I even try there are very yummy. The services are alway friendly. And they open late at night. This is one of those hidden neighborhood jem.ALSO, lots of bad reviews regarding Osake are for the other one by Lake Mead, most people mistake the two. I been to that one too and they are one of the worst. It's night and day. Please don't let that mislead you.
5	LISA LISA IS THE BOMB. Just saying. So my sister and I came here with our Dad, he had been living in Las Vegas for about a year, and he wanted to show us what good 'Las Vegas sushi' tasted like. I was skeptical. I mean, Las Vegas is a freakin' desert so I didn't expect the sushi to be as impeccable as we have it here in the city by the bay. Nicky B is a pretty foolish kid. We walked in and I was immediately amazed with all the cool-futuristic-tables and high definition televisions that played menu items over and over again. We sat down at the sushi bar. Our sushi-chef was really nice. My dad knew him, so we he talked to us about stuff. Pretty cool. Then comes the food. I take a bite. I'm blown away! Wow. It was incredible. Tasty. Ahhh. Lisa Lisa I love you. Try it ya'll. You'll fall in love too.
2	It's been a long time since I last visited Osaka. Boy, what a difference. It used to be a traditional Japanese restaurant, but now, it's turned into a fusiony bistro. I should've read the reviews on here before going.The restaurant is now separated into tatami rooms, teppanyaki, sushi bar etc -- we got the tatami room.... which was fine. We got a sushi platter, zaru soba, selections from their robatayaki menu and agedashi tofu. The zaru soba was actually really good. Robatayaki items weren't bad either -- skimpy portions though. The sushi however, blows! I was so damn disappointed in the poor quality we were given. They used to be fantastic.After this visit, I really won't be returning again. I like my sushi traditional. I'm kinda a stickler about that. The agedashi tofu was quite dismal too, not true authentic agedashi tofu at all. It was so dismal that the young man refused to eat it and he was the one who ordered it.The service was attentive though hence the extra star. They have a late night menu with discounted prices after 10pm.
5	Forget the Strip or Fremont, Sahara Ave has everything! Based on all of the reviews, people seem to either love Osaka or hate it. I love the place. I never had sushi before I tried Osaka and now I'm addicted. Since I'm not expert, I'll keep it short.Why i love the place:-Eat the volcano roll. it's the most delicious food item I've even tasted in my life.- the rolls all come in half or whole, so you can order lots of different rolls and share.- the place is affordable.-The flat screen tvs at each booth have a looping slide show of everything that they sell in the place. if your conversation falls off, you can drool at the tvs.
3	Went to Osaka's on a Wednesday evening. It was around 9:30 PM, kind of a late dinner so it wasn't too busy. The place was quaint, peaceful and the service was pretty good. I ordered the chicken katsu which wasn't anything out of the ordinary and a beer on top of that. The prices are decent, the staff is friendly. But I was kinda looking for the "A-Ha" factor here.. and it never showed up.Overall, good experience, but if you're looking to be blown away.. I'd do a little bit more searching.
4	Osaka is easily one of the most civilized sushi restaurants in Vegas, and it's my "default" sushi spot.I have come to thoroughly dislike the multitude of "fusion" sushi joints cropping up all over town. The majority of them are owned by Koreans and have little in common with traditional Japanese food.Thankfully, Osaka is an oasis here in the Mojave desert. Having been around for more than 40 years, they were doing traditional sushi long before it has hip or trendy. And they've stuck with a traditional approach, relying on top-quality ingredients and skilled chefs.  The owner told me he gets his fish from the same supplier as Nobu and they often split a fish between the two restaurants. To the sushi snob, the difference is apparent. As wonderful as the food is, the dining experience is what really sets Osaka apart. From the coziness of the sushi bar to the tranquility of the tatami rooms, Osaka offers the most civilized dining experience I've encountered so far. No blaring hip hop, no trendy decor, no pushy servers, just an hour or two of peace and tranquility to enjoy good quality food. It's like Zen meditation with raw fish. Divine.
2	This was my second time eating at Osaka and my LAST!!  The first time the palce was so crowded that I could understand the slow service, but at least the waitress was attentive.  Tonight the waitress was awful, just rude.  And her behavior progressed as we explained to her how disappointed we where that she never brought us bowls for our sauces so that we could dip our sushi, my tuna stuffed jalapeno poppers took forever to bring out and that is one of the easiest items to prepare on the menu and the fastest!!!  One of my friends went up to the front and got her own bowl and the hostess brought us more water because our waitress just disappeard.  After we complained she asked if we would like a free dessert and we accepted that, but she rolled her eyes at her after we asked her if she was new.  Her english could have been better too, this is a Japanese restaurant, why would you hire an hispanic waitress whose english is mediocre????  We will not be coming back there, EVER!!  The food is good, but for service like that it's way overpriced!!
4	Sometimesyoy get more than what you pay for--that sums it up in a nutshell. The rolls are buttery goodness. My sister and I sat in one of the wood bench rooms and ate to our heart's content.  It's simple, expected , and friendly enough to make you want to give them more business.
3	Always love eating here. Service is always prompt and portion sizes are decent. 911 rolls and the (tonkatsu) are my favorite.  Don't forget to end on some delicious tempura ice cream. One thing I deducted a star for was due to them serving wild caught bluefin tuna. Unfortunately, the species is predicted to be extinct by 2012.
4	Best sushi I've eaten, bar none. A little pricey, and service was a tad slow, but the food made up for it.
5	One of my favorite places to eat at, especially for sushi! Their service is awesome and I love their tempura, miso soup, teriyaki chicken, japanese lasagna roll, etc. They also have great desserts! My favorite is the tiramisu. I know, you're thinking.. at a Japanese restaurant? Well, it's some of the best I've had & I've eaten tiramisu in Little Italy in NYC. Go check it out!
5	If you do the HIBACHI TEPAN you will love this place
5	We love Osaka!!!  They have very fresh, delicious sushi and sashimi.  There are very few restaurants around that I could say that about.  We've been there many times in the past 4 years and never been disappointed.  As for the person complaining about the price, I understand that you want to have accurate information, however $40.00 per person is very average for a full dinner of sashimi and sushi.  We've paid that much at any sushi restaurant we've ever been to.  (even the gross ones)  This place really does rock though!!!
4	Quality, mouth melting, fresh sushi and sashimi. Most of the nigiri and roll sushi pricing was spot on (reasonable esp for Vegas) but the pricing on few of the items left me scratching my head wondering if they came sprinkled with gold flakes on top. Overall good place to go for sushi. Service was satisfactory; No complaints nor compliments (We did have a fairly large group though). Seating is either sushi bar, table, or tatami. They also have a few teppan grill tables.
1	Let me start out by saying that Osaka has some damn good sushi and reasonable prices. The booths in the back are cool and they have a very large menu selection.Now let me get to the part where I will never forgive them for doing what they did:I had made a reservation for 16 people 2 weeks in advance of my birthday for dinner. I checked back with them several times during those 2 weeks, including 24 hours before and they kept telling me it was all good and they would have my table ready at the exact time.Well, I showed up on my birthday and was told they didn't have my reservation. ANYWHERE. And that I will have to wait until a table is finally available.My friends and I waited for over an hour, when they finally came to check on us because we were starting to fill up the seats in their cramped bar area, they offered us a couple free drinks after which they told me we will still have to wait another hour for a table.Are you kidding me? On my birthday? Screw you, Osaka. Your organizational skills are horrible and your sushi doesn't make up for your lousy service. Even on my previous trips to this restaurant, the service is always either really slow or they mess something up on your bill or they forget to get you an item you ordered, yet I have never complained because I thought I broke even with how good the sushi was.Well, never again. And I would actually like to thank the horrible staff at Osaka for my introduction to Ichiza, who have WAY better sushi and are so friendly and prompt with their service. The gist: Osaka has horrible service, go to Ichiza instead. It's right by there near Chinatown and has much better food, prices and service even though it's about half the size of Osaka.
4	Had a fantastic time here with a fairly large party!  The staff was very accommodating and we weren't made to feel like an inconvenience even with the size of our group.The place has a very authentic feel and I very much enjoyed the Sushi, as well as some of the specialty beverages that they serve.  Worth a visit if you are in the area.
4	This is our go-to sushi spot in the city. We're usually going with a big group (10-20 people), and they've always been VERY accommodating. The sunken tables (tatami rooms?) with legroom underneath are great for big groups, allowing a little privacy, and the service is always pretty good. Good house sake, standard Japanese beers.I wouldn't say it's the best sushi I've ever had, but it's up there enough to keep us coming back. And it's certainly been consistent in my experience.
4	I like Osaka mostly because they have good sake samplers and decent food for those who don't eat fish.  I have been here with friends on numerous occasions and have always managed to find something to eat without fish.  Having lived in Japan for years, I like to think my broken nihongo has a hand in me getting what I would like...Love the Inari and the tofu soup was bland but not too bad.  The tea here is one of the reasons I like to come here..sooo tasty.  The Sake is great I had rice, cold, warm and flavored and enjoyed almost all of it.  Great to go with a group of friends, sit in the back on the tatami and drink, eat and be merry.  The waiter was kind of nice to give us the some remainders of open bottles since were shutting the place down.  A big bonus because it was normally not something I would order because of the expense.  The place is good for groups, and the seating is somewhat private so you can have a good time.  Like all tatami you can take your shoes off and sit cross legged which I love.
4	My first experience with real sushi (not grocery store or deli counter sushi).  Loved every bite.  Even got adventurous and ate the face off of a giant shrimp creature.  Eyeball stalks, and all.  That may have been a garnish.  I don't know, it was also my first fling with the sake.Speaking of sake...this is also the only place I've found that served a particular sake which was brewed by females, to cater to females.  Came in a frosted pink bottle.  Little bit sweeter than other sakes I've tried, but good...and the bottle looked precious, with a pretty flower stuck in, nestled on my girlfriend's nightstand.  I tried many new things, here.  Sashimi of various sorts, seaweed salad, eel sauce, tako and tamago...always attractively presented and delicious.Went here several times over the years in Las Vegas.  Never had a meal I didn't thoroughly enjoy, never had a server who wasn't friendly and outgoing, never had any fellow guests complain about taking off their shoes, never had a menu recommendation that went unappreciated,   never had a check that raised my eyebrows.  My only beef with the place was the smell...the last few times I went, everything past the sushi bar smelled like a sewer.  Now, I managed food places for a long time, and I know that once there's a problem in the lines under the building, it can be a bear (a big, angry, expensive bear) to get taken care of.  But in a sit-down joint with aspirations towards the classy, aged poo cannot be allowed to waft.  SO...if someone can confirm for me that the smell has been taken care of (my nose now being several hours to the south), I'll bump this review up a notch.
5	Always friendly, Always good, This place has never disappointed me.. good date place! *they had to close due to a fire, I hope they're still awesome when they open again.
5	I've eaten at over 20 sushi restaurants and out of all of them Osaka is the best. The fish is unbelievably fresh. They have tons of different types of rolls and some are even created by the chefs there. The prices are decent. My fiance and I usually go during happy hour which is from 10pm to 2 am, and most of the basic sushi is half price. We usually get about 6 rolls and it comes to 50 dollars. This is a must try for any sushi lovers out there
5	I took my fiance here on a formal date and this place was perfect! We sat at a tatami room for just him and I, it is a traditional japanese room were you have to remove your shoes and sit on your knees. It was so comfortable though and we felt like we was the only ones here because the rice screens separates all the tables and it feels more like a private dinner. I loved it! Oh and right when you walk in you are greeted from every person you pass by who works there. Our waitress was so nice and have a sense of humor. In the menu there was just so much to chose from. We were soo full but my fiance still wanted to try the desert which was the fried tempura ice cream. Damn I was good to go after that. It was like a orgasm in your mouth haha. Well I would definately go here again but only on special occassions.
5	This is the late, late night hangout!  They have a special late night menu, which is basically an all you can eat.  The servers and sushi chefs are so nice and hospitable.  So, if you need a late nice place to hang and you love sushi, you gotta go to Osaka japanese Bistro!
2	My cousin loves this place. We were actually seated at Steak N Shake and we had this epiphany that we should go get sushi instead. So we got up and drove all the way up the I-15 to Osaka.When you enter, you're greeted by a blank wall. What is this - a Japanese Speakeasy? You then turn right and go through another door that takes you to a small sushi bar area. From this initial view, you'd think the place was tiny. If you continue to the back and left, though, you discover that the place can seat quite a lot of people. They have a Teppanyaki area and a surprising number of private booths and traditional looking Japanese sunken dining tables. The space is very aesthetically pleasing.Unfortunately, when it came to the food, I was disappointed. I really wasn't that hungry, but I tried everything that my cousin ordered. We stuck to their late night special menu that is available 10pm-2am.* Beef Tataki Salad - It looked amazing, but it lacked flavor. I think I've only ever had Beef Tataki at Ichiza and theirs runs circles around Osaka's.* King Crab Tempura - This was easily the best thing we ordered. Delicious.* Salmon Skin (half) Roll - This also lacked flavor. I'm kind of a purist in that I like to eat sushi exactly how the chef made it. I never use soy sauce or add wasabi. I stuck to my guns on this, despite the roll really needing the extra flavor.* Screaming Orgasm (ahi sashimi on top of some salad) - This also looked amazing. It had better flavor than the Beef Tataki, but I wasn't blown away by it. The dressing was a little too vinegary.On the plus side, the service was excellent. The two ladies that served us were extremely friendly and attentive to our needs. The green tea tasted great and was the perfect thing on my still recovering throat. Whenever I was running low on tea, the lady would come back and top it off promptly.I really hate giving less than three stars, but I must stay true to the rating system. Indeed, I have experienced better. It's too bad because the service and decor of Osaka are top notch.
3	This was my favorite restaurant in 1999. The Japanese Sushi chefs were engaging, talented and very hospitable. In a dearth of culture and social connection, these guys made me feel like a king.Twelve years later? It was comforting to see the same art and decor. But when I entered and was ignored and left without a sign telling me to wait or move forward to one of the other rooms, it was uncomfortable. Three chefs ignored me, the waitress walked by and looked at me, no acknowledgement, and continued serving others. What happened to this place? You have a Las Vegas icon, once upon a time it was Caesars or Osaka, now everyone loves Sushi (thank you everyone, I can get plenty of good sushi everywhere, thanks to you) and Osaka is not worth passing the next Sushi place to get to. It's expense account expensive with average service and average food. The ankimo was fishy, the chu-toro was stringy and no better than the hamachi (wouldn't it be better to say you were out rather than dress up a fatty hamachi or blue-fin?). One saving grace, in a world of competitive all you can eaters downing monster portions of nigiri and sashimi, the portions of nigiri were small and mouth sized, beautiful. Sushi is a delicate food served with style and grace, thank you for the small portions. But then the cut roll menu looks like Denny's with the "me-too" monster portions and americanized flavor. Help!
4	I like Osaka. The service and food is good, and I like the fact that they serve much more then sushi. The half-roll option on some rolls is also a plus. The Good Stuff: Kai's Special, Oh Kamisama, Chuka Salad and the Shrimp Tempura soba noodles.  And gotta love me some sake samplers.  Overall, a 3.5 to a 4 for food quality, consistency, and service.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas we hit this place up on Valentines Day for dinner. We called ahead of time and they gave us one of the sunken tables, and we were on our way! Walking in is disconcerting seeing a plain door, then a blank wall to walk around into the actual restaurant. I loved the sunken tables, I loved the traditional aspect of removing your shoes to dine, and the service was superb despite it being a holiday.The food was great. GREAT. I had an order of pan-fried gyoza, tried the seaweed salad YUM! I ordered a half order of Tekka Maki, half order of a philly roll to play it safe, and tried the 777 roll to be adventurous. I was not disappointed!!! It did take a couple times of my asking to get my beer, but it was absolutely SLAMMED and the poor waitress was attentive but obviously frazzled and very busy.They get 4 stars instead of 5 because despite us writing down our names and the dollar mount to charge on our split check, I ended up being charged someone's else's tab so my $30 meal is currently costing me $100 in "pending" authorizations. An inconvenience, but mistakes happen.
1	Another nightmare of a restaurant, perfect for those that think that a California Roll (poorly made) is the height of Japanese cuisine.Rumor is that Yukio Mishima ate here before deciding to kill himself.1. Ambience: When you first walk in, you think "hey, instead of the pretentious bs overpriced Vegas Hotel Japanese restaurant scene, I may have found one of those amazing hole-in-the-wall spots that will be a great authentic experience"...well, the hole-in-the-wall is right, and in this case, it is just that. The restaurant is old, dilapidated, and damn confusing to escape from. But if you check it out thoroughly, you can almost smell (um and smell other things to) that this was once a great, great place. It looks like the shell of a restaurant taken over by someone's kid or run by an owner who no longer cares whether he has a customer or not. Perhaps his dog died and he's depressed. Perhaps the dog is one of the menu items. In fact, when we were there, there were about 4 people in a space that could seat at least 100 or more I would think.Then there are the prostitutes and what not that like to stop by for their pick up orders. Not the restaurant's fault but certainly, this is an inviting atmosphere for them. Funny part is that they got better service then we did.2. Service: haahaha! What? What's service? Um. Not on the menu.Yah, so we sat in front of the most disinterested Japanese sushi chef I have ever experienced outside of wacko Nozawa in LA. But Nozawa is at least an actor. This momo was for real. Rude attitude. Totally didn't give a shit that we were the only customers at the bar, or basically in the restaurant. He was busy in his own world. And then of course, there is the attitude driven little Yakuza wanabee waitress who looks like she needs to focus more on the Hello Kitty art on her nails, then bother with a customer.When we asked in advance if a certain item was cooked a certain way, and were given incorrect information, they still hesitated, and gave us attitude about taking it back! I mean, we asked in advance! But its our fault that they deep fry what in any normal restaurant is grilled. Oh I speak of YAKITORI. Yes. They deep fry it here so that it has a wonderful brick like consistency. Yum. I guess they didn't read the definition of yakitori, like the part about the "grilling" aspect.Oh, and when we said our "itadakimasu" and upon any "thank you" to the chef...pin drop...no response. Oh man, he looked annoyed and pissed the entire excruciating meal! Wanted to get my tanto blade from the car and go Watari Tetsuya on his ass but I was more in a Totoro mood. Or maybe Golgo 13. Yes I speak Otaku.On top of that, no one comes by to see if we need anything. Have to call out for the waitress for water, a plate, a gun, whatever.3. Food.This is simple. Gross. Lousy quality fish. Even the salmon was 12th grade. And that is cheap fish to do right. And don't think you can escape into Rolls and Handrolls. You can't. Because they are as bad as everything else. Drenched in sauce to make up for the disgusting taste.All together...125 dollars and no "thank you" from the retards that run this place. Not impressed is an understatement. I challenge you to try OSAKA and experience the disaster that spots like Nobu made possible. So now you have two choices in Vegas. Authentic -Fake Disgusting Overpriced and Authentic-Fake OK Overpriced. Either way, there is no Japanese food other than Ichiza and Raku in Vegas. Actually, there is no Japanese food in Vegas. Cause those two options are like McDonalds in Tokyo. Instead, find a hot Japanese girl or guy, get your Tanto blade, and threaten them to make you a proper dinner. Make sure to check your salmon for parasites, and in the case of Osaka, the chef as well.P.S. I feel like I may have gone a little over-board in this review and so I apologize to anyone who's feelings I may have hurt, like the a-hole chef who stole 125 dollars out from our wallets and in return gave us horrible service and food.
3	This is our go to place for sushi.  Off strip, reasonable prices, good selection of sake.They do a lot of other japanese food options that are good also.  Just make sure to go to Sahara.  The location on Eastern was not nearly as good.
5	This is the place that made me a believer!  I have always been leary of sushi, but after my experience here I love it now.  Not been to a ton of places, but this is the place I base all others on.  And none have come close.  I can't get enough of the 911 roll.  And everyone I have told about this place all agree this place is tops.  Also you can't beat there sushi happy hour and the ambiance all in all Osaka is great.
3	A good place to get away from the Vegas strip. Sushi is decent and not as over priced as other places.
5	This place has a true japanese feel to it. It is a small, almost divey, place. There is a room for table seating, a room for sitting with the chef as he prepares your meals and a room for good ole Japanese style seating. You remove your shoes and you sit on a pad and down low. We sat here. It was awesome. The initial server that serves you water and drinks and busses your table was a mid-aged white man who spoke very well (very educated) and it was a dismal reality check as to the stake of our economy that this professional has been reduced to busser work. Not that we don't love or need our bussers, they definitely keep the restaurant in order. I couldn't refuse the sushi. I ordered a half roll of the Asakusa (Spicy Tuna Roll topped with Albacore & Scallions) which was close to orgasmic. I ordered a standard yellowtail roll and then I checked out the rest of the entrees and found a Curry Tempura (which does not seem to be on their online menu). It was FANtastic!! Needless to say I left with happy taste buds and a loaded stomach. If I go back to Vegas I will most certainly be visiting here again.
4	It is one of the places in Vegas that has been around awhile and not to mention burned down and worth rebuilding. The service for some reason has always be excellent. It use to be where I took dates. The sushi is decent and what I enjoyed the most was the atmosphere. If you buy an Osaka shirt, every visit gets you a bottle of saki. I am a huge sushi lover and fancy sushi has become pretty typical. Every time I have been there and sat at the bar they offer a complimentary bottle of saki. Nice! Just a nice place to go.
5	The BEST EVER!!! from the waiter..David..who brought be stuff he thought I'd like to the food!! My WHOLE meal was WONDERFUL!! had the ume handroll which had a special adding to it..NEVER had one that was better!! And had the curry udon..no doubt the BEST udon EVER!!! SooO awesome Japanese restaurant!! Next time I'll sit in the back thats like authentic Japanese eating! LOVE this place..I'll be back!!
4	Went here for my husbands birthday dinner (my first time here his second) and it was so good! Ordered:App. = Yakitori, tender chicken but the sauce was a little bland. Not awsome but not bad, meh.SushiOh my God = wish I had gotten just this and the Cajun Crunch so that I could have eaten more of them before getting full. Will come back just for those next time.Cajun Crunch = a little kick but not overwhelming heat. I could taste all the ingredients not just the spicy sauce so I was happy. 777 roll = if it wasn't for the 2 rolls listed above this would be my favorite. Did not over do it on the cream cheese and the sauce really worked well with the mild fish.Fire Roll = good but not great, won't get it again in favor of other rolls.Katie Maki = tasty and a little different from what I'm used too (haven't had a roll with mushroom in it before) but I would have liked a little more shiitake in there as it was a little hard to differentiate the flavor.Yum Yum Roll = Hubby said this was his favorite from his previous trip so we ordered a whole roll (got half rolls of some of the above so we could try more) so when it came I was excited to try it. I was underwhelmed. It was fine, just a simple plain roll but compared to the other yummies on the table I didn't want to spare valuable stomach space on it. After a couple of pieces hubby did say that he must have remebered wrong about this roll. Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream = I had no room for dessert but hubby had this and pronounced it "so tasty". Our dining compainions don't do sushi so they got the terriyaki chicken and shirmp tempura and deemed them delecious.I was a little nervous going in after reading reviews on here about bad service but I couldn't have been happier with our service. Plates were cleared quickly and drink were kept full and we felt well taken care of. We will be back for sushi numminess soon.
4	Don't let the semi-ghetto, run down exterior deter you from giving this place a try; you'll be delighted to come inside and be able to enjoy Osaka's wonderful menu.I believe this location has a better happy hour menu than the one in Anthem. Last time I came here, their happy hour started at either 10p or 11p. Now that I think of it, I think this location is the only location with a happy hour menu....Anyway, my thoughts on the food here can be found on my review of their Anthem location. I will say, their service here is hit or miss and is inconsistent, which I find irritating sometimes.Kampai to Osaka's top notch menu and cuisine! :)
4	I brought my boyfriend and our good friends for dinner on Tuesday. We had a great time. Our friends were delighted by the ambiance of the dining area. The sushi was wonderful. We had three bottles of the Zipang Sake and it was priced just right. Cheesecake with strawberries along with two different flavors of Mochi. The mango was really good, but not a big fan of the green tea Mochi. Always be back to this restaurant!
5	I come to osaka often now, lately at least once a month, so I feel I need to upgrade them to a 4.5-5. Their service and food is pretty consistent, but the reason I'm upgrading their score is because of the servers. They are always very courteous and come by to refill drinks at least twice each time i visit. They even have tolerance for the lurkers... you know, those people who stay at the restaurant way past the time necessary after eating there. (I, unfortunately, know this from personal experience... thank you for not kicking us out!). So a shout out to the workers at osaka!
4	Stopped here on a whim, and was very pleased. We sat at the bar, and didn't even know how big the restaurant was. Great service and food- and let me just say- there is nothing wrong about the "something wrong" dish!! YUM!
5	We enjoy Sushi at Osaka Japanese Bistro every time we come to Vegas! Their "Roppongi Roll" is soooo good and a must have!! You know it's a great place when it's packed even during the week, so plan to wait a bit, especially during the weekend if u come after 1730. The quality of their food is excellent and their staff is friendly and helpful with suggestions from their menu.
5	I freaking love Osaka.No joke - I call them for a pick-up order, and they're like, "Evelyn, is that you?"  An intervention may be in order...At any rate, if you love sushi, check out Osaka.  They're not the cheapest place in town, but it's still better than the strip.  This is no AYCE hack joint; but you can order half-rolls and go to town with the variety - they also have a decent happy hour/late night menu.  My favorites are the Oh Kamis
5	It's a must to stop into Osaka anytime I'm in Vegas! Service is great, food's yummy and there's many options, and I love the vibe in the restaurant! I can lounge and sip on sake or do sake bombs with help from the chefs!
3	I had found this place via Google search, and brought a friend here for her birthday. It definitely looks dilapidated and almost abandoned from the outside, but has a great ambiance on the inside.If you are hungry and in the mood to sample a lot of different types of sushi, however, this is not the place to go. The per-person price range "$$" assumes that you will order an appetizer and a roll, and roll out. In short, there is no all-you-can eat menu here, so eat light, or plan for all-you-can-pay.Because my friend did not know this was an all you can eat place, and I was footing the bill, we got to try quite a few items on the menu. That being said, I do recommended the virgin roll. The flavor, blend of textures, and unique combination of hot and cold ingredients in one roll made it memorable enough to come back.The food was generally good. I was not a big fan of the rock shrimp salad because it seemed to me to be heaver on the greens than the shrimp, and didn't seem to compliment the sushi as well as other appetizers I have had. Some of the items we ordered we fairly average, some good, and few items were impressive. The service was poor at first, but became increasing better as our bill approached the $100.00 range.In short, Osaka may not be my favorite spot for sushi in the Las Vegas area, but it is fairly good, and I may come back once or twice, if I know ahead of time the one or two rolls I am in the mood for.
3	The food is average, nothing special =\ The person controlling the music wasn't soo good a lot of stop and play. One of the waitress was careless & just was like yea yea. The names on the menu was cool something different but that's about it =T
4	DO NOT BE SCARED WHEN YOU WALK IN.The entrance hall looks like a crack house. The restaurant you see when you get there is cramped and claustrophobic. so ASK FOR A BOOTH.There is a charming, intimate room in the back, shoes off, kneel down japanese tables.The food and service is great, a little pricier than several local places.
1	Came to Osaka really late during my trip out to Vegas to check out the happy hour with some friends, and saw this place had great reviews.  We certainly didn't have a terrible experience, but I can't say I'd come here again.I got a California Roll, chicken wings and shared a Japanese Burger sushi which was weirdly unique but tasted pretty good.  The California roll tasted odd, I'm not sure if the avocado was in the best shape, but it was alright.  The chicken wings were cool too, and we also shared some edamame.But the prime reason I'm giving this place 1 star is the price.  This place is ridiculously expensive.  Even a plain 6-piece cucumber roll was $4.  You can get that other places for a buck.  And this was happy hour! I can get way better sushi for a fraction of cost elsewhere.  No thanks, Osaka.
3	This place is great for a late night sushi craving since they stay open until 2am.Its got traditional Japanese seating,  restaurant, sushi bar or Teppanyaki. You have lots of choices on how to dine.The sushi is good but the choices could be better. I prefer fresh sushi rolls and I think their fresh rolls lack creativity. They have a good selection of tempura and deep fried rolls.The prices are a little much for what they offer and the 1/2 rolls menu is not much of a deal in my opinion.Its a cool place but not my favorite.
2	I went into Osaka last night for some late night sushi with my friends. The entrance is kinda creepy, but whatever haha. We were asked if we wanted to sit at the sushi bar or in a japanese room. We chose the room. It was cool because the room is really big and you get cushions to sit on, and you take your shoes off.That's about the most exciting thing I can say for this place. The service was just alright. There were like 8 people in the whole restaurant and it took them almost an hour to bring 3 sushi rolls. They barely came by to see how we were doing, just seemed like they wanted us to leave. The rolls were also kind of pricey, even being half off. They were alright, though. The fried banana was really good. I wouldn't come back to this place.
1	Wow, I can't believe this place has 4 stars! I wasn't impressed at ALL! I came here for a bday dinner for a friend, and the place was already chosen, or else I would have suggested someplace different. It doesn't look very inviting. We were there on a Thurs. night around 8 and were ushered into the back where the teppan tables are. For one, our table was right next to the kitchen door, which was distracting, and it wasn't busy so we could have been seated elsewhere. The atmosphere was shabby - maybe it was because of where we were seated (other parts of the restaurant looked like they may have been nicer) - not very warm or upkept. It seemed like it had been a while since they decorated. Just.. kind of shabby. Anyway, we ordered some drinks, then three of the four of us ordered meals from the teppan-dinner menu, and the fourth ordered from the sushi menu. Our drinks came at a decent time, except for one of my friends, who later actually had to remind the waiter about it - turns out the waiter forgot. Speaking of the waiter: he was a very nice man, but he kept butting into our conversations! I think it was his way of giving "good customer service" but it got a little awkward after a while, when he kept adding little tidbits and comments to what we were saying. We actually had some friends that would be joining us later in the evening, but the waiter made sure to tell us that the chef only cooked at the teppan once per table. That's understandable. My friend who ordered from the sushi menu got his food before the tepan chef even came out for our orders, which I thought was a little uncoordinated. Again - it wasn't busy at all. There was only one other teppan table with people and they were on dessert. Our chef comes out of no where. He's not pushing a cart because the cart has been sitting by our table the entire time, as if they had just left it after the last "presentation." I get that it may be more convenient, but c'mon. It looks bad, and also doesn't imply "freshness." (He did bring the meats and main ingredients out fresh, the cart had the sauces and butter and stuff). So our chef comes out, doesn't introduce himself or anything, just starts cooking. I've been to a teppan-style restaurant before that does this "presentation," but for my friend who hadn't, he didn't even know there was going to be a show! He just thought the guy was cooking in front of us. Our chef, while nice, was nervous and messed up about every 4-5 tricks that he did. I was kind of embarrassed for him, but I know he did his best. To be honest, though, because of his lack of being personable, it was kind of awkward to sit there and have a conversation while this guy is just doing random tricks at the table. It wasn't engaging enough for us to actually pay attention to him. Osaka didn't deliver on this experience at ALL. The worst part was that this guy's manager (I assume) was watching the whole time, which was even making us uncomfortable.The food was just okay. Nothing I remember, and honestly, better Japanese food can be found elsewhere for much, much cheaper. After we finished eating, we were hanging around waiting for our other friends to show up, and it took them a long time to clear our plates. The chef came out about a half hour after we finished eating to clean the teppan; didn't say a word again. Luckily, we had a gift card so we didn't end up paying much after it was applied, because I would have regretted spending anymore than I did. It is way overpriced for what you get (it may have been a different story if we actually got the experience we were hoping for). It is cheaper than Benihana but it is NOT worth the discount. If you want a great teppan-dining experience, splurge and go to Benihana. Everything there is miles better. Don't bother with this place if you're going for that.
5	Mmmm sweet Osaka. They have some of the best sushi you can get in Las Vegas.As noted by another user the entrance looks like a crack house. They have traditional Japanese seating where you kneel and take your shoes off.
4	Nice Hibachi style and sushi restaurant. Food tasted great and the table chef was very entertaining. Price was OK and the place was full on a weekday. Lots of birthdays that evening. Atmosphere not that great and the neighborhood is changing.
5	I have been going to this restaurant for over 30 years.  I have always gotten excellent service.  My current favorite server is David.  The fresh tuna that my boyfriend eats is always fresh.  Their tempura udon soup is excellent.  I have never had a sushi roll there that I didn't enjoy.  One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I wanted some late-night sushi on a weekday. We were on the strip, but couldn't find anything open past 10pm. One of the door guys at Bally's suggested it so we grabbed a cab. It's a bit off the the strip, but I'd probably walk across the country for sushi. We sat at the sushi bar, which was pretty dead (as was the rest of the place, it was like 11pm on Tuesday). We ordered a handful of rolls, all super delicious! The Chef was making unique rolls, not on the menu, which is always fun! Bill was pretty cheap for all the food we ate. All and all, it was pretty good. Only negative would be the distance from the strip to the place, but well worth the cab fare!
1	Normally I would never give one star, but this place justifies it! I have been in Vegas for over 20 years, been to this and the Summerlin Osaka several times - however this experience was horrible! First, with how old this place is and how much they charge, update your business! When you walk in, the other review that says this place is like a crack house is very correct! That is the only way to describe the experience when you walk in. Further, nothing has been updated since this place opened ... even the bathroom, with the overflowing dirty toilet!Now on to the service, very rude and a "no-it-all" with zero customer service skills.  We went in because of the sign that said "Late Night Specials" - I called and was told many of the rolls were very discounted. The truth is, they are half rolls! AND if you ordered a whole roll off of the main menu, it would have been cheaper then two half rolls. Do you think because it is late night in Vegas, people will eat less, so it is a deal? If you order a half roll from the late night specials, you save an average of $.25. Really? This is your draw to get people in? Very deceptive. The quality of the food was OK, nothing amazing - and not even sure if what we got was what we ordered. Also, do not expect a refill on your water or tea or beer for that matter. So many better late night places in Vegas that actually wants repeat business.
4	I love sitting in the Tatami Room. It's cozy and comfy.Watari Bune 55 "Ferry Boat" Sake - pricey but smooth.I love the Late Night Menu!!10pm - 2amEverything is good!The Philadelphia Roll is my guilty pleasure.Cajun Crunch is divine chef specialNabeyaki Udon is a fave.Save room for dessert
5	One of the BEST PLACES IN LAS VEGAS!!!!! Hello there, I would love to state that I have been a frequent guest at Osaka's Japanese Bistro for well over 20 years. I have mainly visited the Sahara Location.  My first experince with Osaka's was in 1992. I was young and in school. My Family use to drive to vegas from California to visit my grandfather who has lived in Las Vegas for 40 years prior to his passing. I remember the first visit ver vividly... I showed up to the Sahara Location, Looked like a old hole in the wall, my thoughts at the time was not pleasent because I was use to places like benihanas. I asked my Aunt, " Are you sure this place is good?" She looked at me and said it was the best place in vegas. So we proceeded to enter the place. We first walked into the sushi bar area and was welcomed by everyone who was in the front. It was a very pleasent feeling. The hostest sat us down at the habachi tables, took our orders and with in 5 minutes or so, we stated to have food brought out... Soup and Salad, then the Chef came out with a cart full of raw food and sauces... He proceeded to begin by speaking traditional japanese (which was funny because not one understood him) then he switches over to english as a comedic response. He cooked our food while putting on a GREAT show... one of the best I have ever seen before. Some of it was similar to other places, but it was very unique and didnt seem like everyone was trained to entertain the same way 100%. Long story cut short it that the Food was some of the best Habachi I have every had... I was treated with respect and had exellent service in 1992. The best part of osaka's is that not much has changed. "If its not broke, why attempt to fix it..." is a motto I use all the time. When I lived in California, I would travel to Vegas 8-10 times a year and I ATE at Osaka's every visit. After college, I became a Doctor and decided to move to vegas. The one great reason about that decision to move to vegas was that I could eat at Osaka's on a consistant basis!!! I have eaten at Osaka's on average at least once a month since moving here in 2006. I love Japanese Food! I still eat at other Japanese restruants mainly when its not convient for me at that time, but I love coming back to this place for my habachi, steaks, noodles and sushi! I love the Beef Sukiyaki, Beef Teriyaki, Fire Cracker Shrimp, Chicken Katsu, Tonkatsu... But I made a fatal mistake by introducing my wife to the Tempura Ice Cream... I now can not leave the place without having to share an order with my wife! I think the ice cream has successfully contributed to my weight gain over the years... But it is GREAT!!!!! I have had outstanding service at Osaka's on Sahara.  I have visited several other Japanese/sushi places as well. I do not find the same quality for the prices that I pay from any other place... Osaka's has been very reasonable in their prices compared to the closest compettitors with Benihanas and Fukada being the only big ones here in the Vegas Valley... They are not "all you can eat" prices but you get the better quality when it comes to the food. The service is 100% better then all other cheaper places I have been to... I will state that you get what you pay for too... I can get out of Osaka's at little as $30-40 for myself and my wife or I can drop a few hundred dollars on the table which I have done many times in the past. But over all the prices will not break the bank for anyone I believe... I have just read a few negative reviews and I can say that I just dont know what the hell happen to their visit... who knows, I am sure you can't please everyone... One guy looks like he is on a mission to create negativity. I would say, give it a try and feel free to write your post/reviews... If a place gives you great service please let everyone know, including the employees! If they place doesn't well they deserve to hear it as well and hopefully make changes for the future... Most people who have great service/food will keep it to themselves or tell a few people... Most people who did not have great service/food will rant like hell to everyone they come across. I have reconmended Osaka's to many people, including many Japanese Patients of mine, All have came back telling me it is some of the closest authentic foods and flavors they have tasted in the States... I think that is because I heard that the owner flied chefs in from japan
4	I'm shocked by the negative reviews... I've been going to this restaurant for over 2 years and I have never had a bad experience. The sushi is always fresh, the service is great and I love the traditional seating. I will agree that the look from the outside and when first entering is a lil sketchy but it also gives it a lil character. This is the go-to spot for a midweek treat. I highly recommend the Omg roll. I crave it monthly.
4	I come out to this place at least twice a month, usually during happy hour from 10 pm to 2 am.  The location is suspect but this is the very first sushi place in LV so there you go.The late night menu is awesome.  Ultimate osaka roll, japanese lasagna and kai's special are my favorites.  You can get stuffed with the happy hour appetizers too.  Try the chicken wings, the kalbi sticks and the fried rice.  Oh and the udon too.  I am not sure why some prior reviews say this place is expensive.  In my opinion, this place is very reasonable and I have not been disappointed. P.S. Green tea tiramisu is really good.  A little expensive at $8 for a slice but splurge once in a while.
4	I happen visit here by the search on the GPS. They open until 02:00am and have nice TaTami Table. Selection of apertizers and main Japanese foods are wide in addition to good sushi. It is satisfactable even by Japanese guests. The variety of Sushi is so wide and we could enjoy Aji, oh-toro, and chu-toro, etc, Impressive was fried rice that is exactly same to the one we can have in Japan. Although the most of the guests are Americans, I recommend here to Japanese peoples,
4	After my second satisfying visit, I decided this establishment was worthy of a review. The first time I came here with a friend I got sushi rolls and she got beef teriyaki. Both were delicious and the meals came out to about $30 for both, very reasonable for what we got!I came here with a few more friends this time, trying out their 10-2 late night specials. I loved the half rolls so we can try out a bunch of different rolls. The tempura ice cream dessert was to die for! I suggest this place for anyone who wants a late night snack.
4	I love this place! I wait till I come to get their food. I wait 6 months to eat here. I love the food and staff. I always tell peopl that they MUST go and eat here.  You have to have the Japanese Lasagna.
1	Nothing like sitting at our table for 10-15 minutes with no acknowledgement from a server. We walked out & no one seemed to care. We ended up at a neighboring Ty restaurant where we were greeted, seated immediately & order taken promptly. We even got a Yelp deal to boot.
3	I've been coming here my whole life. The zaru soba is good. The sushi used to be better. But I'll keep coming here because I have a place in heart for it.
5	Really fresh sake. Great rolls. Nice option to get a half or a full roll. Delicious lychee sake. Fast service. Amazing!
5	it is as good as it can get!!!
4	I love coming here. Amazing sushi. But best of all its fried rice is like no other. I'm not a big sushi fan I don't order anything but crab, shrimp and salmon but I must say its very good here.
4	Great food and the service is always GREAT, however it is a bit pricey. Maybe not the best place for kids
4	I've been a fan of Osaka for awhile. They've been around for awhile. They're a steady sushi spot. They've thrown in some new items as they've aged. The "bistro" part was only recently added, at least to my recollection they were once only known as Osaka. The restaurant, although in a seedy part of town, has been kept up well. I'm sure at some point in time, this spot was a GOOD spot in town. But you can't really help what happens to an aging city. You can help keeping your restaurant clean and nice looking, which Osaka has done.I enjoy the atmosphere of Osaka, it is dimly lit when you first walk in and around the tepanyaki areas. However, the dining area is well lit with nice, clean, wooden tables. The service has always been up to par when I have visited. The servers are well versed on the menu, they are around consistently to refill drinks (I usually always order a hot green tea). On my last visit I went with a friend because I had a LivingSocial deal, which they honored without any hesitation. I had a few different items: Age Dashi Tofu. I thought it was pretty good, although I have had a better age dashi tofu at Cafe de Japon. The serving they give at Osaka is quite large. I shared some with my friend. The broth it was in was a teeny bit salty for me, but I did drink it all up. Moving on to sushi, because that's what I came for. I ordered the Lisa Lisa roll (shrimp tempura, cream cheese, avocado, eel sauce). It was decent. Not the best or worst roll I've ever had. The tempura was on the soggy side. Wish it had had a more crispness to it. Next: temaki (hand roll). I always get a hand roll when I eat sushi. I ordered the Miki's special, it's simple: crab, massago, and mayo. It was good. And lastly: nigiri. I ordered the sweet shrimp (Ama Ebi). This was my favorite by far. I wish I had just ordered a bunch of these. They were stuffed full, very generous portions. My friend also allowed me to try some of the food she got. I unfortunately cannot remember what it was she ordered. But one thing was the Japanese pancake, which I really liked because it had seafood in it. We ended our meal with the Bomba - chocolate peanut butter! I highly recommend this. It was very good. Overall I like Osaka. I will be back again. They have a very extensive menu and I would like to try more sushi as well as their Udon.
4	Sushi was great, I had the Bonzai, the sauce was amazing, however the staff was a bit standoffish and the tea was terrible, I've also never been charged for tea before, so that was new, other than that i really liked it. I might go back, if only for the amazing Bomba dessert i got,
5	I have never been disappointed with this sushi Restaraunt for the past 15 years and I think there food is as good or better that any hotel for half the price. It's only 5 min from the strip and make sure you go to this one its the original location and far better than the other ones.
1	Definitely not worth it for the price.
5	How can I be going to this place for 14 years and am just getting around to a review now?  I guess because I am too busy eating Japanese Lasagne ;)  Yes, that is your dessert, true sushi believers, trust me.  Ask for Mika and the nice fellow with short hair who gave me green tea once.  Also, splurge on their very special T-shirt that has a Sumo wrestler saying "will work for sushi."  You'll get it after your Osaka addiction has begun.  At the end of your meal, ask for an Osaka frequent card since you can use it as a credit on your next meal!  Ok does everyone know to leave your shoes outside the tatami room with toes outward?  You'll be instantly recognized as a regular ;)
5	Great new lunch special menu!
2	Pretty terrible quality of raw fish and uni. Its the same as what you get at all-you-can-eat sushi - but more expensive. 2stars. Firm.However, late night special is cheap. If you are drunk and wanna fill up your stomach, this place is ok. I give 3 stars for the late night special.Only good thing about it is the location. It's near the Strip.
2	I'm pretty sure that the people who gave this place five stars are related to the owners and therefore get better portions and deals. While I can't say the food was bad it was a complete rip off...I paid 100 for two king and queen plates (celebratory dinner for my bfs bday) the plates consist of a lobster tail and filet mignon with grilled veggies. The lobster was probably considered a midget given the tail size and the lobster meat had been removed and cut up and replaced in the tail where I'm sure we got smaller portions than what was initially in the tail. I mean the amount of lobster was so little I'm pretty sure they took one lobster tail cut it up cooked up and grabbed an empty tail to split it up in two portions. Similarly when ordering they ask how you want your filet mignon cooked however it is a useless question because they cut it up in little pieces!!! I don't know about you but I don't need help cutting up my meat I'm not a five year old, needless to say the small chunks were all very well done and again it was a very small portion. You would think that at the very least they wouldn't skimp on the mixed veggies since its not a high cost item but they must be on a small budget because it was not substantial. I guess they get bargain prices on rice because we got a ton of that even though neither of us eat rice. The food didnt taste bad though and they had nice sauces to dip your minitature meat portions into. At the end we were both left hungry and ended up getting capriottis later that night (bomb sub place that I definitely recommend) and was left feeling robbed especially after getting a better tasting and filling meal for like a quarter of the price. Definitely not a good place to go unless your super rich and therefore don't mind getting ripped off. That's what I get for trying to avoid the fancy restaurants on the strip to get a good deal.
4	The prices are the only thing keeping this place from being 5 stars...and maybe for some the location.  It has a weird entrance that is a brick wall hallway that you walk around to get in the actual restaurant , and outside it is surrounded by  sinful shops - but thats vegas!I had the Japanese Lasagna roll (8 pieces for $7.95) which if you like creamy flavors is really awesome and probably one of the best values on the menu.  I asked about happy hour and it is just at the sushi bar from 4-6 PM.  I thought it was odd that no one was at the bar so I'm guessing the happy hour menu isn't so great but I don't know.I split the Rock shrimp salad (one medium plate for $12 I think) and it was pretty good, not great.  The shrimp were kind of bland but the sauce was good - and the salad portion was just iceberg lettuce and a few carrots.My date had the Jalapeno Tuna sushi special of the day (8 small pieces for $18) which she said was great.  She also had a half roll of the Dynamite roll I think (4 pieces for $7)  which was a shrimp roll with crunchy flakes on top.  I had a bite and it was well flavored but a bit hard to discern the flavors because of the crunchy/dry stuff they put on it.  Service was good and the coolest thing about this places is the intimate booths that are old school Japanese style where you take your shoes off and sit on the floor (there is a place to put your legs under the table however), but this might get uncomfortable for a some during a long dinner.
5	We sat at the teppanyaki table for dinner tonight and it was great. I had the fillet and chicken. The food was top notch and the chef put in a great show while cooking.I also liked that the table was smaller then other places i have been, it made for easier conversation. I highly recommend Osaka!
4	Great stop if your on Sahara. The fish was surprisingly fresh and the staff amiable. Would have been a 3 star review had it not been for the quality of fish and a unique assortment of specials. The Osaka or grunt fish was the bet I've had. Highly recommended for a quick bite but seating is a little cramped so no large parties.
5	Another great experience at Osaka's!!! We decided to have our NYE dinner at the Sahara location. The food rocked, flavors were well balanced and there was plenty of  left overs to bring home. I have never had a bad experience at this location or the Henderson location. The food always looks and taste fresh and amazing. The prices are always reasonable and you get the quality of high end food... I will make Osaka's a 2013 restaurant  for sure... FYI, GET THE TEMPURA ICE CREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Decided to come over here off the strip with some friends.  And since I rarely go off-strip whenever I'm in Vegas, I figured I'd give it a shot and grabbed a taxi.That said, I was generally impressed by the ratio of price to sushi during lunch time compared to sushi on the strip.  The quality was pretty good overall.  Though, I honestly forgot what I ordered though since I had more sake than sushi (something along the lines of a badass samurai or something), but I had no issues with the sushi.
5	Ohhh I got the regular badge from here :-) That excited me.This place is really good. I'm a sushi aficionado. I try to visit as many high rated local places in town. Frankly Osaka is REALLY far from my house but it's close to my surgeon's office. So where did we go for lunch after my two post op appointments? ... You got it!They give you the option of Teppanyaki, Sushi bar or the traditional Japanese seating on the floor with big fun fluffy pillows!I love their lunch menu. They offer low priced high quality half rolls. We ordered a bunch! 007 Roll - $8.95Shrimp tempura roll topped with spicy tunaCitrus Lemon Salmon - $6.50Salmon with lemon and saltWe ordered a few more with unusual names but they were all amazing and fresh. They also have an amazing Saki selection:Nagasaki Mandarin Infused - $22.00/btlGinjo Ty Ku - $13.00/gl, $48/btlTozai "Living Jewel" Unfiltered - $15.00/btlDaiginjo Ultra Premium Horim - $26.00/btlDaiginjo Ultra Premium Hakatsuru - $12.00/gl, $46.00/btlOtokoyama Junmai - $11.00/gl, $20.00/btlMomokawa Genshu "G-Joy" - $18.00/btlNigori Murai - $12.00/gl, $46.00/btlNigori Tozai - $15.00/btlWe will be returning!
4	We've eaten here several times since my last post and everything has been really good. When we've eaten with the live chef, he's always been extra attentive to our 3yo son. The food is still a little expensive and I've stopped asking for brown rice because they charge so much for it. Otherwise, the food it good and the take out is prepared quickly and the location is convenient for us.
4	Best sushi in Vegas.
5	good food but the service was ok.
5	Loved it,small intimate, food very good, desert nummy!
5	I have been going to Osaka since 2005!  It's AMAZING!!!!  I mean, quality fish...friendly service.  The 777 is my FAVORITE!!!!!  When we lived overseas for a few years we'd come back once a year.  I'd make sure to head straight to Osaka for my 777 and much more!!  Whew...really amazing place...you have to try it!
5	Great sushi and comes fast during lunch
5	I am a HUGE fan of Sushi. I have been to this location 3 or 4 times now and I am hooked! I live in Chinatown, this place is so good that I actually leave Chinatown to eat here.What is so good?-The Seating! This place is huge. They have sushi bar seating, table seating in the back and Hibachi. - The Service! The service is ALWAYS spot on. I have sat in all parts of this location and it is always perfect. The staff speaks clearly so I don't feel like I need to do sign language unlike some sushi places in Vegas...-The Dessert! I never thought I would find an asian restaurant with amazing dessert, but this place takes the cake... Or should I say chocolate ice cream amazining-ness ;)I actually LOVE the gelato!They have a full bar which is always nice as well :)
2	I don't know if i would come back here. So here is the review. My boyfriend and I went to Osaka to try out their late night menu. $11 for 6 piece sashimi, $7 for some of their half rolls, $22 for fresh scallop (not part of late night menu). Wanted to get the fresh Uni, but they sold out. Got the wings, Gyu Maki and shrimp shumai as appetizers.Everything just seemed off. First of all the quality of the fish was not great. Really thin pieces, and almost dry. Got a white tiger roll, it was okay, like the Bonzai sauce, but everything else was just really plain. Fried wings were bland and just looked sad accompanied with raw broccoli and dry carrots.No music was playing so it got really awkward cuz the sushi chefs were just busy making orders and they didn't even make eye contact with us. If it wasn't for the TV behind the bar we don't know if we would be able sit through our meal.In the end, we just ate really quick and left. Like I said before, don't know if I would revisit again, maybe if they spruce up the atmosphere a little bit and get better quality of food.
5	This place is great! It has dethroned ichiza in my book.  Its a lot bigger! There are at least 4 tatami rooms. The late night menu is insanely good. Service was attentive and the food was fabulous.  The rolls were huge! 10 pieces p/roll! I will be coming back next time I visit Vegas. This will be a regular go to spot.
5	classic great atmosphere fresh yummy
4	This place is extremely cute! It was our first time there and we were seated at a "booth." It's the kind of place where you take off your shoes and eat. It made me feel like I was at a real restaurant in Japan. They're opened until 2 AM so my boyfriend and I came for their happy hour. They have a huge selection and we ordered a few rolls. Just FYI the happy hour rolls are smaller than their regular rolls. It was tasty and the food was fresh.
4	This is my spot I really like the food,is always fresh,service no bad but ,can be better
4	Busy at 2:30 in the afternoon. This is one of the few off strip high quality places in Vegas. We had the Roppongi roll, 911 roll and Tiger Rolls, all incredible. The bldg/decor is not that great bit the food is top quality. The Toro ranks at the top. Prices very reasonable.
5	After a few failed attempts at other sushi restaurants ended up here as a last resort... I'm glad we came here food is amazing, fresh and delicious. Great customer service!
2	This place is filthy. We are sitting in the back at a booth and the space next to the wall is an inch thick in dirt. The place in general in unkempt. The food was fair but 4 rolls and they all tasted the same.
5	Love the late night menu . They also have seating in the back which is very traditional and Private
3	the food is good but the space is dated and could use a good cleaning.
5	Japanese lasagna sushi..one word. Heaven!! The best I've ever had and no where else makes it the same believe me I always compare..it must be the sauce. Also a great place for late night sushi. Occasionally they play live music on a piano and it's a very atmosphere. Always suggest this place whenever anyone wants sushi but it's slightly pricey that's the only thing. Its quality and great service which I think is so worth it. Kid friendly but even more enjoyable on a date night.  Enjoy!
4	What a great place.  Everyone was friendly.  The food was delicious.  Dinner for five and a child with drinks about $275.  The chef put on quite a show for us.
5	We have been going to the Osaka on Sahara for years.  If you can get past the crazy entrance and the basic first dining room, you will be impressed with the other rooms, the prices, and the tasty food.  We love the choices offered, and it is always fresh and prepared to our specifications.,  We had friends fly in for business, and told them to go there to eat.  they really questioned my recommendations as they entered, but at the end of the meal, they raved and raved.
5	Love this place. Best sushi in town IMO. Everybody I have taken here has loved the food. Very fresh and clean (means a lot coming from a germ freak). Lunch specials are the best!
3	Just as mentioned by other yelpers the layout is really weird.. Upon entering it's a immediately hallway directing you to go right, you would think once you enter the actual "restaurant" it would be one big open space, but you walk into another room where I think the sushi bar was and a few other tables. The rest of the restaurant is divided into rooms.. We had visitors from Canada with us and I almost felt embarrassed we took them to a odd restaurant such as this in a sketchyarea. We came on a Saturday afternoon as a party of 9. The major plus is that they offer their lunch specials 7 days a week, which is good considering other restaurants only offer deals on the weekdays. I ordered the bento "b" with chicken katsu as my main entree ($10). In addition, I ordered a tiger roll, made up of 4 pieces for $8. The bento included miso soup, gyoza, tempura, a tossed salad, and 2 pieces of CA roll. Everything was pretty standard, except the CA roll seemed a little heavy on the rice and less on the crab meat. I enjoyed the tiger roll and have nothing to complain about it. The piece used for the chicken was rather thin, but still a good size. And the tempura, was good because the batter was light and not overly greasy. The service was good for the most part as they refilled our waters regularly and were attentive to us. Nothing really stuck out to me and I don't live around here so I probably won't be back.
5	Osaka is simply the best locals sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. They are always consistent. The fish is fresh and I have never had a bad meal. Do not compare this place or its prices with an all you can eat joint.
4	This place gets points for ambiance, they have intimate rooms with tatami mats where you mimic the Japanese custom of eating while sitting on the ground. The service was speedy and attentive as well. After ten p.m. Until closing at 2:00 they offer discounted dishes, and this is the menu we ordered off of. The seafood salad was fresh, but it had crab in it and I prefer Tuna or salmon this is just a personal preference thing. The rolls were all very fresh. They're shrimp tempura was excellent. This place is great for a date.
5	Hands down, the absolute BEST Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas! The best sushi I ever had! You can't beat this place. This is what all Japanese restaurants should be measured against. I love this place and can't wait for my next trip to Vegas to go here!
1	Ate here for dinner with a friend around 8pm on Jan 13. Had some rolls and appetizers. Woke up at 2am violently throwing up. Woke up again at 5am throwing up. My friend was sick all night as well and this was the only meal we both ate. Still feeling sick. Will never eat at Osaka again.
4	I have to admit that I really like Japanese food, and there is quite a few excellent restaurants in Las Vegas. This is the one I go to if I want Teppanyaki. They grill the food in front of you and you can choose what you want to eat. As starter you can of course get a miso soup that is very good. I would recommend the mixed teppanyaki. The sushi here is also good, but nothing super special in my opinion.I will come back here for sure. The service is very good. My other two Japanese favorites in town is Yonaka Modern Japanese and Raku
4	Their food is amazing. The tatami rooms are just add ons to the whole dining experience.  The unagi bowl is WORTH IT. A little pricy but all sushi places are. If you get tired of buffet, definitely try this place.
5	Great variety, quality, & service! Stopped by for a quick dinner, served right away. A true gem!
5	I work near Osaka and eat there often!  The staff are all very nice and professional!  Try the Kamisama rolls!
4	Always a sure bet. Had octopus there for the first time this past winter and was impressed.
4	After 5-6 visits to Osaka, I can say I'm pretty much a regular here...Excellent menu, delicious food and awesome late night specials (after 10 PM.) The staff is friendly.. However, the service could be better and faster
4	Exterior is unassuming, and you walk in to an immediate brick wall before entering the sushi bar. Very awkward. Japanese kitchen area is separate, did not go into it during my visit.Lunch menu til 4PM allowed me to score half-portion (and half-price) rolls for me and my guy, along with a salad and an app for around $40. Score!The signature rolls on the menu are very Americanized, so expect lots of sauces. Their sashimi and specials menu have some high-quality traditional stuff though- may try the live scallops on another visit.Ordered the tuna poke salad and shrimp shumai, along with half-rolls of the White Tiger, Oh Kamisama, California, and Kai's special.Tuna poke salad ($8) was tasty, shrimp shumai ($5) was okay but didn't hit that craving-dim-sum spot that I hoped it would, wonder if they'd consider adding chives by request?Sushi was all surprisingly good- fish was fresh, flavors were on point, and only one single piece fell apart, and even then I'm convinced it was more because it was sitting in sauce rather than not rolled tightly.BF and I were torn between picking favorites among the rolls: his was the White Tiger (shrimp, takuan, avocado, cucumber, topped with lightly seared super white tuna, soy sauce, bansai sauce) while mine was the Kai's special (eel, spicy tuna, avocado, cream cheese, eel sauce). The Cali roll was as expected, and the Oh Kamisama was good too (shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, topped with seared salmon, tataki, banzai sauce).Definitely going to have to come here again- the Osaka rice dish looks great, and the menu photos on loop on the screen by the sushi bar almost persuaded us to add several other items to our order. Service was attentive up until our bill came- then our guy disappeared for a solid ten minutes for no apparent reason. We were the only patrons present in that part of the restaurant.
5	The parking lot is tiny (but at night you can use the neighbor lot since the stores are closed). Once you walk in it looks like a sushi restaurant with a sushi bar. Then you walk through to the 2 grills and the more private oriental style tables. In the next room is regular tables. The 2 grills use 2 different chefs, facing opposite directions. While we were eating we were watching the other chef in action. Our chef was funny, both chefs had prank tricks, and the food was some of the freshest tasting japanese food I've ever tasted. The fried rice was amazing, the chicken and shrimp were perfectly seasoned, the salad dressing was perfect, BUT the miso soup was...eh. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Customer service here is great. A couple of weeks ago I brought in a friend who knew nothing about sushi. He ordered a few rolls including the salmon roll and when it was brought out he said I can't eat this because it is raw. I then told him that the fish in sushi is raw unless specified otherwise. The waiter came around and could tell he hadn't touched it and asked if something was wrong. He said yeah I just really didn't know it was raw and the waiter laughed and said no problem I will take it off the bill. First off it was my friends fault and I am not used to Asian people who work at restaurants having good customer service.My usual order here is the miso cod and the cucumber salad with crab. Both dishes are executed well. The miso cod is both tender and flakey and the crab salad has a refreshing flavor that pairs well with the miso cod.
4	Always come here for the night special. Salmon kama, black sausage, fried rice, spicy tuna, Kalbi sticks, Lisa Lisa role, kamikaze, lasagna roll n top off with tempura ice cream.
4	Loved this place, cute tatami rooms with a television beside you attached to the wall showing all there is to offer on the menu with pictures added. I sat on my tatami mat and tried dragon and California rolls which were very fresh and yummy. I also tried the kalbi sticks all very tasty and enjoyable I will be back to try the hot stove where they cook right in front of you. The sake was great as well next time I will try the plum wine and a different desert as they have plenty to choose from ;).
2	Was really looking forward to experience the taste of the food again that I remember from my last trip to Las Vegas.  I was very disappointed in the quality of the food this time around.  Portions were ok though.  The nori used for the sushi rolls was very bad because we spent more time chewing on the nori.  The quality of the nori was just not there.  I love to eat sushi and don't think that I will return to this restaurant in my future trips to Las Vegas.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. We placed an order online under the impression that we were paying $60 for 4 rolls. What we got instead was 16 pieces. DON'T BUY FROM THEM. They will rip you off. When we called to complain, the manager, Dave, was rude, unsympathetic that their website was misleading, and tried to blame the delivery company for making the order wrong. Talk about misplaced blame and unaccountability. Horrible business and even worse customer service.
2	Very American style sushi, not what I was expecting. I like the taste of raw fish and don't appreciate nigiri coming from the chef with so much wasabi the fish can't be tasted, especially if that is the experience on the majority of the pieces. Rolls aren't much better, the Aces and Yum Yum were  bland, and in the case of the Aces over powered by sauces. Total price was $90 for two (Friday 6/20/14). If you like Wasabi more than fish, and prefer McDonald's to In&out this place might be for you,  but if you'd like even a hint of tradition or subtle flavors look elsewhere.
3	As we walked in, we thought the seating area was small but were seated immediately.  But, we found out later, they have two hibachi-style tables and many tatami mat tables as you go further into the restaurant.  Food was okay, nothing special.  Service was unimpressive.  Waiter did not engage, no expression or enthusiasm or suggestions  as we asked about the menu items.  As diners, we did not feel that welcomed. As we paid and as we left, there was nothing said by any of the workers.  I guess they don't really appreciate patronage.  Wouldn't bother coming back.
2	I'm big on first impressions, so when friends said this place was good, we decided to check it out.Our waitress was very nice. The sushi was descent and the beer selection was great.Here's the bad: terribly slow service. It took over 30mins to make a simple roll. Luckily we dined with friends so we weren't in a hurry but we hardly saw our waitress. I shouldn't have to flag people down just to find out the status of an order. When she did finally return, she gave us our check. She never came back. Had to go to the counter to pay which is no big deal but I waited for 20mins just to pay. Staff just walked by me and several people waiting to pay, not even acknowledging anyone.I won't return. There is a huge selection of sushi places I would rather go to.
4	I had never had sushi before.  I have always been afraid to try it.  So, I went here with some friends.  My friend ordered all kinds of sushi for me to try.  My other friend eats Vegan so she ordered some vegan rolls.  All I can say is that I could not stop eating the rolls we had.  Obviously I know nothing about sushi but I can't stop thinking about this place and I can't wait to go back.  We were there a little late and it's got a great little vibe.  Amazing customer service.
5	Love this place! Like what everyone is saying about the layout is kinda weird but still great ambiance, once you get to the Japanese seating area. And the place has plenty of seating even great for parties or dinner events. Plus if you go on Groupon you get some kind of discount but I think its only for the anthem location.  Customer service is pretty good. They even gave us a little history about Osaka. How the owner was a great guy. He wanted to help people with no work so he opened a restaurant. There is a painting of him in the sushi bar. Also found out that they are NOT associated with the Lake Mead location. The food is amazing! I mean your never gonna get it as fresh as Japan but taste is on point. Kinda brings me back to Japan. It is a little pricey but totally worth it specially  on happy hour! I love love the tempura bam. The curry is pretty good as well and is a big portion. And of course the sushi!I definitely recommend this place. It doesn't look much considering the location. But its a  MUST TRY!
5	My favorite sushi place in all of Vegas.  Fast turn over and fresh fish. Great late night specials and excellent service.  A must try!
3	We used to come here a lot but the last few times we were there, the service was really slow so we've stopped coming.Aside from the service, the food was good.They have unique tables that are inset into the floor, so you take off your shoes before sitting & you step down into the booth seat.The parking lot is really small so we often had to park in the lot next door.
4	Came back and tried the king and Queen steak and lobster it was yummy my favorite so far outside of Benihana even better in my opinion because I prefer cute smaller restaurants with good food ;)
5	Osaka Japanese Bistro is the When I moved to Vegas 6 years ago, I missed the sushi culture that I had experienced living on the central coast CA my whole life.I found out about Osaka Japanese Bistro when a local friend brought me to Happy Hour and I fell in love the minute I walked in.They remember me and know what I order each time I dine here and they have amazing lunch and late night dinner specials.Also,  I love all of Osaka's specials they treat to their locals.  Free sake every day for Happy Hour 4:30-7:00pm, buy a T-shirt and receive a free large sake and wear it into Osaka each time you eat and receive a free large sake.They are open everyday from 11-2am & Osaka even have a VIP card for returning customers who get 10% of their check placed on a voucher for your next party
5	This place really lived up to our expectations.  We love going to teppan grill style restaurants and we have a favorite one back home in California.  So on vacation in Vegas we decided to try this place out.  It was just as good as our place back home and priced about the same.  Our chef, hurricane pho, was awesome and fun.  Would definitely recommend the teppan grill to anyone looking for good affordable food in Vegas.
4	always good
5	I'll start by saying that I am SUPER picky about sushi. This place has a really cool ambiance, with traditional-style seating in the back which we loved. They had some great specials and a very extensive menu. I got the california crunch rolls, dragon rolls, and seaweed salad, which is my go-to at any sushi place. The rolls were huge and so fresh and tasty. As a group we shared mochi and the tempura bananas for dessert - all the desserts are HUGE (don't let the pictures fool you) and delicious. Highly recommend!
5	It doesn't get any better than this!Best quality! Best Chef and Knife! Amazing variety and new creations!Can compete any day with chef Nobu and his partners
5	All I can say about the sushi here is it's amazing. I told my wife to take me somewhere we have never been for sushi together and she chose Osaka because she remembered loving it 6 years ago. Now here for some information on Osaka.Exterior: I would consider this a hidden gem that is in plain view. I have passed it easily 20-30 times without ever noticing it. It looks like your average chinese restaurant with small signs and red neon lighting all around the place. Don't let this deceive you.Interior: As soon as you enter the building you feel like your'e in a different world. I'm not saying it's high class but compared to the exterior it looks good. They have three different areas to sit depending on the experience you would like which I enjoyed. You can have your usual sushi experience next to the sushi bar with a couple small tables for couples, a sushi chef prepare your food directly infront of you while he is doing all kind of tricks and making balls of fire, who doesn't like fire? And lastly they take a more traditional approach which I did and liked, you go to a seperate room with enclosed booth style seating where you remove your shoes and sit on small cushions. Cool experience.Staff: The staff were great. Everyone acted professionally, gave advice on what rolls were ordered most and preferred by other guests, and the service was on point.Now for the most important part, sushi: The sushi was absolutely amazing!!! We ordered the "Titanic boat" which came with a large variety of sushi on a huge boat. It came with 12 pieces of Nigiri (6 salmon, 3 albacore, and 3 tuna) and they melted in your mouth. The fish was so delicate and well prepared I will definitely be back for more. It also came with 5 other half rolls. I apologize as I can't remember the names of them but can assure you each and every bite was delicious. I have been to numerous sushi restaurants in town, many in California, and have a friend who owns one in south Vegas, and this destroys them all. Sorry for being a traitor if you read this buddy.I will upload pictures later for all of you to drool at your computers. Enjoy.
4	Hamachi Sashimi - Perfect. Tender. Fresh.Uni Sushi - Very fresh. Not too slimy. Melts in your mouth.Asakusa Rolls - Spicy tina topped with albacore and scallions, tataki sauce on top - The spice level was good but it was missing that extra kick. The tuna was good..The roll just didn't have anything that stood out.Osaka Rice - mixture of sushi rice, crab, masago, mayo, sesame oil, and sriracha - Sooooo much yumminess. It's like a comfort food more than anything else. Def try this.I think it's best to stick with with the fresh sashimi and get some osaka rice to have a good meal.
4	Osaka offers three ways to dine- the sushi bar, the main dining room, and the tatami room. We went to the Sahara Location.We had the dragon roll and few other which I don't remember the name. I thought the price was high but the sushi was melt in your mouth good. I noticed they had a special free lobster teppan dinner for your birthday with purchase of 5 teppan dinner. Definitely want to try that out.
4	This place is awesome! Extremely good service. Awesome happy hour prices. Most sushi rolls are 4-9 dollars for 12-2. This place might have gotten me hooked on sushi and I dont think I want to settle for anything less. Only reason Im giving 4 stars is because I ordered some weird sushi. Nothing against the restaurant. I just didnt know what I was ordering. Some of the sushi is served hot and I did not know that from just looking at the menu. Other than that this place is awesome. ALSO! I did not try dessert here but they have tempura ice cream and fried oreos and cheesecake here!!!
5	Sushi and Tapan. We began with Sushi Rolls. All fresh and very tasty. Next was the Tapan table. Great chef. Did the usual show with the flying spatulas and the famous Egg Roll. The food was delicious and the service was excellent as well. As soon as someone's drink was nearly empty, our servers were all over it. This is a do over next time I'm in Vegas
1	The waiter was so rude! Super disappointed because years ago, this use to be my favorite sushi spot. Will not be coming back.
5	I've heard so many great things about Osaka Japanese Bistro so of course the hubby and I had to try it when we were in Las Vegas last week.  Both him and I love sushi so we had high expectations going in here.We chose to dine in one of their tatami rooms since we really wanted to experience the authentic Japanese style of dining.  The tatami rooms do provide somewhat a feeling of intimacy and privacy so it was a nice change.We ordered their sashimi platter (ahi tuna, yellow tail tuna, salmon, albacore), kim chee, miso soup (perfect blend of sweet and salty), a kamikaze roll (eel roll with sweet sauce), spider roll (deep fried soft shell crab roll with sprouts), white tiger (tuna roll flame cooked on top with a white sauce), tuna-poki (our favorite of all dishes, the slices were super thin and fresh, tossed in a light sesame oil dressing with sweet thin slices of seaweed), and a Nigori sake sampler (apple, strawberry, and lychee flavor - our favorite).  We were pleasantly surprised that everything tasted so fresh and all the dishes came out fast.  Prices were not too bad considering we were in Las Vegas.  We spent a total of $130 total for all our dishes including drinks and tip so not bad for a really good sushi joint.  Would definitely love to come back here when we're in town again.
5	My family love coming to this restaurant. It's The Place to come for after hour for their special menu. They have the best tempura crab legs that you can't get anywhere else. My husband introduced me to this place 6 years ago and we have been coming here ever since. Everything on their menu are so delicious and the price is great too. We always take our family and friends here whenever we are in the city or when I come here for business trip. Never miss a dinner here when we are staying at the strip. The staff here are so friendly and awesome. Rudy has been serving us ever since my husband took me here. And he is still here at the restaurant. We come here not just for some great and delicious sushi and tempura crab legs but to visit our friend Rudy too. Love this place!!!
5	Osaka is, hands down, my favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas (and in the last 10 years, we have frequented quite a few). They have excellent fish (top quality, all the time), reasonable prices, and a smaller, quiet sushi bar that is very easy to enjoy a meal at with your family. They also have a dining room with tables, and tatami rooms in the back, where I would personally love to go for a birthday dinner. It's about 10-15 minutes off the strip, and in my opinion totally worth it whether you're a local or in town for vacation. One of the best bonuses about Osaka is their hours- they are open for lunch and super late (until 2:00 am!!!). Some ordering recommendations- - My number one recommendation is simply for the nigiri sushi. I personally have never had a bad experience with their sake or hamachi, and when they say the uni is good, it's really good! I also like their regular-old spicy tuna roll. - Our family's go-to rolls generally include the O.G. Special (crispy rice with spicy tuna and yummy sauce + sriracha on top) and Kai's Special roll. Both are always hits with visitors too. - From the kitchen, I personally like the Osaka Rice (sushi rice, masago, crab, sauce). Our family is split between the empura soft shell crab with ponzu sauce and the soft shell katsu with screaming sauce- both are a great appetizer to split.
2	The only reason this is getting 2 stars is because the Filet Tataki was amazing.. But this is sushi, not a steakhouse. We have been waiting on our check for quite some time and didn't even bother to finish our food because all of it, was not to our liking. We wish out check would come so we can get to In n Out
1	I'd give 1/2 star, but Yelp doesn't allow that. Just finished eating here for lunch...did you know they import bugs from a farm?! We didn't either until there was a bug affixed to my chop stick. Asked for the manager, that was a struggle too...finally got to talk to the owner Gene who informed us the bug must have come from the farm. No sorry, just information of where the bug used to reside. So if you are up for a little excitement in your dining experience, try the salad and ask for extra imported bugs.
5	I  went   there  last  Sunday   and  men  !!!   really  god  sushi   I  think  come  back   asap
