4	A different sort of fast food restaurant.... they make everything fresh when you order it. The resultant burgers, fries and rings are pretty good for fast food. This is a good place to grab a quick, casual lunch while on The Strip.
4	If this Fatburger weren't so inconviently placed for drunken stumbles, then the owner would be a gazillionaire.  Bottom line, this is good food.  Drunk, it turns a bit better.  When you realize that you're drunk in VEGAS, eating a fat burger, it's a 5-star performance.  But it still runs a 4 with me.
3	not a big fan of burgers and i thought the burgers tasted like mcDonalds burgers. but i was hungry. it's a place seems like everyone after clubs and bars go to.
4	It's about 3 a.m.-- you and your party is super-drunk from a night at Pure at Caesar's Palace-- where do you go? FATTBURGER- the last great hamburger stand! For me, all it takes is a turkey burger with the works, fries, and a chocolate milkshake to revive the evening's memories. Open 24 Hours. Thank you Vegas.
3	This is the place to go for a VERY indulgent and greasy burger with egg and cheese. (groan) I can STILL feel it. :P But it's totally wicked after a good nite of clubbing and drinking. fer sure!!
4	Someone onced dared to say this place was better than In-n-Out!It's not, but it's on the strip and open.If you can make it In-n-Out do, otherwise, go here....
5	Fatburger is better than In-N-Out. There...i said it.There's a lot more variety on the menu, and I'm down for any place that lets you put fried egg AND bacon on a hamburger. Plus they have onion rings. And it's right on The Strip, so it's easy to get to when you're walking around.
4	Pretty good burger, and there are lots of condiments to it.  The only thing was, I wanted to add cheese and an egg, but that would mean that I would have to spit out an extra $1.98... almost another babyfat burger.... I wish they could have made those additions a tad cheaper.Fat fries are YUM :D
1	I took the advise of a couple coming out of McDonalds that we should check out Fatburger that was right next door. This was the biggest mistake of my trip. It took no less than 30 minutes to get our food (two cheeseburgers and two fries) and it was completely burnt. The place looks like it belongs in a back alley with the floor and tables being torn up, but trust me, this doesn't have any of that hole-in-the-wall charm, its just sick.
1	I DON'T like fat-burger. It is expensive and in my opinion, not even as good as a Wendy's big-bacon classic. FAR Inferior to the In-n-out double double that costs like 65% less. Hell, even the name turns me off big time. May as well call it "Fat-ass-burger".This is not even a place I'd go drunk anymore. I'd rather "think outside the bun" for 1/4 the price and probably half the calories.
2	In and Out kills this place, you gotta be kidding. Ok. Check this... 3 guys order normal hamburger meals.... 34 goddamn dollars. This place is expensive enough to be fine dining. It also takes forever to get your food. You wake up the next day feeling awful, not for all that whaskey you drank, but for the burger that waged a tiny war in your large intestine all night. Skip it.wait. bonus star for the sweet jukebox. getting to put on some ol' willie and merle - pancho and lefty, at 4am in a public venue is almost more than a drunk man can take.
4	Ok, so I may have been in an altered state of conciousness when I hit up Fatburger. Not so much from the alcohol per se, but from the pain in my feet from walking about 34 miles from the bar at another hotel back to mgm. In heels.All I know is that fatburger was like the oasis in the desert. Onion rings and a ginormous milk shake was perfection.
4	I love the bay area, but it's missing my favorite burger stand, maybe the last great hamburger stand,  Fatburger.   I love fatbuger the way ed m loves arby's.  When lovie yancy opened the first fatburger she wanted to share the gift of a double king burger topped with cheddar cheese, bacon, grilled onions and a fried egg with all of los angeles.  Thanks to the beauty of expansion that dream extends as far afield as vegas baby...vegas.  I gotta say there is no better hangover deal on the strip than the aforementioned double king paired with fries insouciantly smothered in chili cheese and onions.  My one gripe about this place is that they don't make the shakes fresh so they tend to be a little more solid than I'd like, but hey at least they're real icecream
4	A great place to grab a good burger and fries at 2 in the morning. One time my husband picked out some songs to play on the jukebox but he didn't  put the right numbers in.  So Michael Bolton was blasted through the restauraunt at 2 am.  I don't understand why anyone would have Michael Bolton in the jukebox anyway????
2	I wish I could give this more props but... I really wasn't all that impressed. The hamburger was dry.But... I love the name of the place. Love the jukebox.... and love the late night hours.
5	This place is good.  My friends and I went there a lot during our trip to Vegas.  They're 24 hours and taste a lot better than In N Out.  I wish they had a Fatburger near me. =(
3	Fat Burger is good, but not better than In N Out. I like the fact that they're open 24 hours. The burgers here are not as great as other burger joints I have been to. The prices were pretty high too. If I'm in Las Vegas and it is late at night and I'm craving a hamburger I'll go here. I had the triple king which was humongous, i couldn't even finish it!  =O
5	Fatburger is the best.  I'm sorry.  I would choose Fatburger over In 'n' Out any day.  I've read your reviews.  And yeah, it's expensive.  But this is Vegas, nothing comes cheap in Sin City.  If they had an In 'n' Out here, it would be pricier.  Either way, the burgers here are simply gorge-yourself-delicious.  Yes, you can kill yourself with the Fatburger with a fried egg on it.  And bacon!  But that's the beauty, yeah!  Order that with the chili cheese steak fries!Look, the place is called FATburger.  You're not coming here for  your health.  You're coming here for the Fat.  And on he side, you get a mean ass burger.
4	10PM and all the mainstream restaurants are no longer serving.  You hate walking aimlessly through smoky casinos looking for food.So, if you're me, you walk up the strip.  And walk, and walk.  Your food choices include Denny's, McDonalds, Harley-Davidson Cafe.A sign for a new Brazilian-type restaurant shown on the side of the Krave building had me hopeful, but I walked a block in the wrong direction only to find there was no such place.  Arg.  But, it's good to know that if I'm ever looking for boys dressed like girls, Krave is the place to find them...I digress.  I kept on walking and walking, and ended up at Fatburger.  It was good but the service was crazy slow.I ate my Kingburger and fries, slurped down my shake, and steeled myself for another long walk back down the strip.
5	I discovered I love Fatburger more than In-N-Out. It's so good. I can't believe there is a Fatburger in the Bay Area and JC and it took me a visit to LV to finally try it out. I was missing out big time.I ordered a turkey cheeseburger because I'm not a fan of red meat. But if no one told me it was turkey, I'd swear I was eating ground beef. It was super juicy and the burger had all the grease residuals from the stove. I got mine sans mustard, pickles, and relish because those are not my friends. Still with all the other toppings (lettuce, tomato, mayo, raw onions) my burger was pretty tall. It also came in a toasted wheat bun. Did I mention, the burger was as big as my face?Fatburger also offers skinny fries and fat fries. You can get them with cheese or chili cheese. Everything on the menu looks super good but the burger was enough to fill me up. In regards to the price (not cheap), Fatburger is also better than Bistro Burger.
4	Ahh Fatburger, how do I love thee?? Lucky for me, I was born on the west coast and have always had access to In--out and Fatburger. The raging debate goes on as to which is better. Well duh, they are different!! They both have fantastic things to offer. Fatburger is fantastic, because a. they cook your food when you order it, b. you can get a fried egg on top of your burger, and c. you can fax in your order. Fatburger tastes so great and you get your choice of skinny fries, fat fries, or onion rings. Also, you can get a turkey burger which is so good!! I crave Fatburger once in a while and I absolutely cannot satisfy the craving otherwise.
5	Fat-ass-burger is among the best burger chains I've ever had and certainly will be the death of me if I continue to devour these wonderful sandwiches.  Each burger will pollute your arteries with endless clots and empty your wallet in a hurry.  The actual establishment is nothing to rave about, but the array of burger combinations are to die for.   There is no bare bones about it, its the most successful yet simple concept there is to be:  Its a burger.  Its big.  And its fat.  Its delicious as a result!I heavily endorse the KingFatBurger (i.e. Royal Fatty) and with the Ultimate Big Fat Deal.  Its disgusting when you think about it but oh-so-good when you put it in your mouth.  The greasy texture is completely ignored as the gorge temptation gets the best of you.  Vegas is the city of sin and fun, might as well have fun with your sins and eat it too.  Yeah, I'm still talking about the burger.
4	I never thought I would enjoy Fatburger, because I typically am not a fan of the type of hamburger that is taller than it is wide, where you bite into it and about a pound and a half of condiments dump into your lap.  That's why in the eternal war of In-n-Out vs. Fatburger, I would take In-n-Out.But for whatever reason, I really do like this particular giganto-burger.  There is the kitsch of the classic hamburger stand, the chrome signs and lineage behind the thing.  Add to that a very simple menu with lots of choices for your made-to-order burger.  And the ingredients are generally very fresh.  Some combination of that makes a burger that is a great experience, instead of just a placeholder next to a mess of fries.This particular Fatburger is very hit or miss as for service times.  You can go in at three or four in the afternoon, or very late at night, and get your food in no time and find many places to sit.  Or you can go right at noon and be monumentally screwed.  This place doesn't scale well, so you might have to give up and move on to something else if you hit a rush hour.Oh, and Mr. Pibb!  I always love that stuff.
5	This joint is kind of ghetto, especially if you're just coming from a fancy casino, but the burgers are da bomb.  freshly made, so juicy.  Get your burger with the fried egg -- you won't regret it.  And get the "fat" fries.  Free refrills on sodas too.
5	As a Chicagoan, and a big supporter of the hamburger stand cause in general, I feel it my responsibility to make Fatburger one of the first places I go to when in the southwestern region of our country, as we are woefully void of classic hamburger joints in the Midwest. Really we are - go to the Chicago Yelp page and look up how often this condition is brought up in the talk threads.I love Fatburger, I really do. This might not make sense to those of you who can go here whenever you want, but I assure you, this place was a big topic of conversation when talking about our impending trip to Las Vegas. It's a great burger, in a clean environment, with friendly service and great music on the jukebox. What else do you need? Nothing, that's what I say.
5	oh Fatburger, how i missed thee.  how long has it been since i last pay you a visit?  ahh that's right, it was back when i was dating this chick who gives me a guilt trip for not being religious.  i guess that's why she is history and Fatburger isn't.succulent burgers, golden brown fries, cavity-forming root beer float..., need i say more?  i could hardly contain myself when i was in line and almost plowed into the people in front of me.  ya so i was hungry, forgive me (i'm being religious here).  i broke down and ordered me a chili-cheese fries, a cheese burger, and washed it down with a big-ass root beer float (sinful).  i can't say that  i'll stay afloat after having all that food (i'm going down straight to hell)..., but i sure felt an orgasmic (heavenly) experience.so next time you spot a Fatburger, go in and have yourself a religious experience.  i'm sure my ex would have been proud of me!
5	I love this place!  Great "after the club" eats.  The place is open 24 hours.  I ate there two nights in a row.  First night I had the turkeyburger.  Very  juicy, the best turkeyburger I've ever had.  I had to wait a little bit, but it was so worth it.  The second night, I had the baby fat burger with fat fries (steak fries). So good!  Because it's open 24 hours and most people do go there after the clubs you do get some sloppy loud drunks in there.  If you get irritated by those folks, just get it to go!
3	What better to start to whittle away a hangover like something called a King Burger at 4am?Please note that this review was done after an all night drinking bender. When you stroll into fat burger, its like visiting an old school hamburger place. All the food is cooked to order and they make no attempt to disguise what there selling you....from fat fries to a fat drink, you know that whatever you consume will have enough fat to kill a rhino.But as with most things in life even though its terrible for you, its delicious. The wait time kind of sucks, but the wait is worth getting something that doesn't resemble a hockey puck a la McDonald's. Its also a little on the expensive side with two meals running me about $27 bucks, which for a burger and fries is a little much.Overall this place is OK, nothing too special though.
5	I love this place. You know why???  Because I love burgers.  You know why else???  Because you can throw in a fried egg in your burger.  People often think it's weird, but you can't knock it till you try it.  So try it.The menu here is very simple with 6 burgers to choose from.  You got the 1/2 pound Kingburger to the Veggie Burger and 4 other options in between.  After choosing the burger of choice, you have your add-ons.  This includes bacon, an egg, chili, and cheese.  I like to add-on bacon, egg, and cheese.  I leave the chili for a different style of burger, where I'd add on chili and cheese.  As for the sides, I prefer skinny fries as opposed to fat fries (more crunchy and less starchy).  For the shakes, they have 3.  The basic chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.  Choose whatever you feel like for that day... that's pretty much what I do.  Same goes for the soda.  But yeah, focus on the burger and enjoy.
4	A tad scary... (yes, I've seen women of the night at this establishment), and pretty expensive for burgers... but this place is a solid greasy option for your late night burger fix on the strip. I'm always glad these guys are around when I bust out of the poker table or craps game at 3 AM and want something yummy to eat.
4	BIG FAT GREASY BURGER with steak fries and a soda.  Need I say more!!!  This is a must stop while you are in LV.  Just another experience of Sin City...why not commit the sin of gluttony, excess fat and calories and everything that is completely bad for you!!!BUT there is a positive...WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS STAYS IN VEGAS!!!
4	It's the best burger in Vegas but I say that because it's the only burger I have and ever will eat in Vegas (I am from Chicago). Last summer I was visiting and I made my friends walk from the Belaggio to Fatburger listening to them whine and complain about the distance the whole way. To me its no big deal to walk that far...its not even that far. But after we ate they agreed it was worth it. I wish I knew what spcies they use in the burgers....
3	My friend and I had practically zero sleep and decided to grab breakfast. Since I was visiting the area, I got to choose, and I chose Fatburger. This place is SO ghetto, which is funny as all hell since it's next door to the MGM Grand. In classic Vegas style, this location has a nifty neon sign, and is open 24 hours.When we walked in, I couldn't help but snap shots of the interior. A gaggle of transvestites were carrying on and one noticed me, thinking I was trying to photograph them. I assured her/him I was really taking photos of the establishment.I shared a turkey burger ($5) with my friend which wasn't bad, to start. I took a bite, chewed thoughtfully, took a few notes, then proceeded to douse mine in Tabasco. It's no In-N-Out, but it'll feed you. (I heard that I should get one of their specials, and top it off with a fried egg... next time!)
4	Great burgers but PerrFect onion rings!  It's a mandatory stop while in Vegas now--just for the rings = )
4	"The Last Great Hamburger Stand"F resh  ..... fat deals   ....... fat burgers.A mericana at it's best .... red top tables and a Jukebox.T he greatest burger joint in America open at 2 AM ........B aby Fat ..... chicken Fat ..... fish Fat  ...... KING FAT !!!U nreal onion rings.R eal choice - fat fries or skinny fries.G reat greasy burgers   .... we're talking CALORIES baby ! ! !E gg on your burger.R eal ice cream shakes ... even peanut butter ??? shakes."It's all About the Food ( Well, and the music )"...... and..... the eclectic collection of people enjoying the experience.
2	Great burger chain, I just hate this one particular restaurant that's on the strip.Dirty on the outside and horribly crowded on the inside. You'll see all sorts of people in the inside from the business professional to the dirty street hookers. What's important is that they're actually pretty well behaved since they've all walked off the alcohol I guess. This place is crowded as hell and it will take you a while to get your food.I ordered the king burger and a peanut butter shake and ate it all. The food was great but the waitline was just way way too long. We should have just gone through the drive through and then sat inside or something. (This technique works well at crowded In-N-Outs.)
2	I had SUCH high hopes for Fatburger.  It was 4:30 in the morning and a nice big burger was just what the doctor ordered.  First, this place was a MESS.  There was so much garbage on the floor, there was no way we would eat there.  I ordered the Fatburger and fries and we took it back to our room.  I definitely enjoyed the fries because I LOVE steak fries.  My burger was a disappointment.  It was super charred on the edges and the cheese was not melted at all.  The bun tasted a little stale too.  I may give Fatburger another chance if I'm ever around one...but that's only because my friend told me they have awesome chili cheese fries...
4	YUMMY in my TUMMY! No burger like it. Can't wait to go back=P
5	This beast is a Triple Kingburger:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LtXy1VinKWfuLFslVarKRw?select=gC1lIlUt2iGUj_JBghjgeAI could not finish this damn thing.  It's actually bigger than it looks in the pic, you can't see the depth there.  And you have to chip away at an angle since it won't fit in your mouth.  The cook came out to check on my progress after 20 minutes and just laughed that I wasn't close to done.  I felt like John Candy in The Great Outdoors at the steakhouse when they tell him he has to eat the fat and gristle too.  Oh and for all you Gen "Z"ers or "Millenials" with your "internets" and "imacpods" and "myfriendspaces", who are gonna try to make me feel old for referencing John Candy instead of Chris Farley or the fat kid from Superbad, take a lookee here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3Z4OfTr8ww&amp;feature=relatedIt's a very good thing, but damn, that's a lot of meat.Fatburger is great because they're open 24/7 and they're right there just north of the MGM on the Strip.  So at 1 am when you and all your drunk buddies are realizing how many empty calories are in half a bottle of vodka, and that all the good restaurants in Vegas close at 10 or 11, you know where to go.  Sure it gets messy in there but you're too drunk or hungry to care right?  And you don't really want McDonald's do ya?  No.  No, you don't.Oh yeah and props to Eli G for the burger inspiration, this guy lives and breathes the carnivore lifestyle:http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=4ZfcCa4m5RWvO4EFzfYm1A
4	Great at 1am. These burgers are delicious. Better than in-n-out in my opinion.
2	Open 24 hours great! But because of its location it seemed like everyone in Vegas was hungry at the same time so the wait for food was long then once I ordered it was about a half hr until my number was called. So service was bad.Cleanliness was not taught to any of the employees there and the bathroom was hideous and smelled horrible.Only positive was how delicious the food was despite the high prices.
4	This is another vegas guilty pleasure of mine (and it's a wonder why my swimsuit never fits the same at Rehab on sunday!)  Steak fries.. yummy.  Burger.. really yummy. I'm not a huge milkshake fan, so I washed it all down with a diet coke (cause you know, gotta keep it 'light')I like mine with mustard, and pickles, lots and lots and lots and lots of pickles, but have tried it with chili too(also delish) of course with a side of pickles, and a little mustard.  :0)
5	Yummy, the burgers are good, the fries are good, the soda is good...The employees are nice and you won't pay the price of a $20 room service burger, that's for sure.Affordable and tasty...also, the location is pretty much tops.
4	The wait can be a little lengthy once the throngs of tourists all get a mean buzz working, but every time I've been in here, the food has been some real good stuff. The burger is fine in its own right, and anywhere you can add egg to a burger wins points in my book. The staff is pretty cool too, they always seem to be having a good time despite wage slavery in servitude of a bunch of cheap drunks. One of the older Mexican dudes that brings people their food challenged us gringos to a pepper-eating contest (he won). It was fun at the time, but later on, burning sensations led me to realize I should not have eaten such a large quantity of spicy peppers. Please learn from my mistake if he challenges you too.
2	I thought I would really like this place, but I just don't find anything really special. The burgers and fries are just so-so. Pretty pricey for a burger joint even for Vegas standards!Good that it's open 24 hours.
3	What better way to satiate your drunken munchies in Vegas than to go to Fatburger.  I had the King burger with egg.  To tell you the truth I was too faded to even remember how it tasted.  2 important things:  1) I was able to eat it, 2) I didn't puke.  I'd say that's a good sign that It's at least worth three stars.
2	I have only one word to say about this place: GHETTO!We went here on a late Saturday night, approx. 3am after a crazy, clubbing night at Jet. Right when we walked in, some customers were having some kind of staring contest or mad dawging contest, and a fight was about to break out! One guy was saying "Hey dude! Stop looking at me!" and the other guy just ran up to him, mad dawged him up close and personal, and then said they would take it outside. Once they walked outside, tons of people rushed out...and even the Fatburger WORKERS! Oh my goodness!?!? What happened to customer service? What happened to the security? Well, even the security guard didn't care...he wanted to see it too! At any rate, I don't think anything happened. The workers all came back in, and our late night dinner ensued..My bf and I split a cheeseburger meal. The fries were nice and hot, and tasted ok. The burger was pretty good, as others have told me. Yes, I agree with others that it is better than In-and-Out's old-fashioned take on burgers. The place was dirty too! People just leave their trash everywhere, and workers don't clean the areas regularly. You would think that if this restaurant is in some sort of tourist area like the Strip, they would have better service and a more tourist-catered atmosphere. They don't....and it sucks...If you are craving for that Fatburger, I recommend going somewhere else (and not this stinky, ghetto place)!I was gonna give this place 1 star, but the burger convinced me to be a bit more generous, so I gave it another..
3	Yeah its a 5.00 for the "fatburger," which wasn't that large- but it was good and the quality and flavor beats MCDONALDS next door. Although I find that the people who go here are ...well interesting is a nice way to put it.
2	Gluttony at its finest. This account is from my first and final trip to Fat Burger on the LV strip.The second night of the girls' 21st birthday trip to Vegas was supposed to be our night to party hardy. Fat Burger brought all that to an abrupt halt. We spent the day at the Mandalay Beach, sun bathing and sipping on Long Islands and planning our evening. We then ate at Raffles cafe, drank some more, went to the room and cleaned up, drank some more, then hit up the Vodka Vault at Red Square, Ghostbar, Moon and Playboy and drank at each of those along the way. What... we were thirsty?Hungry and desperate, we decide to get a snack before heading to the next clubs we had planned on, Tryst and Drais. Fat Burger put a halt on those plans because Tryst was scratched altogether and only half of us even made it to Drais.Mistake: two of the four BZs ordered burgers bigger than they could handle.Result: instant food coma, cranky and bitchyness. The two wanted to go home an sleep, thus foiling our big late night plans (now that our taxi rides would cost double and the fact I had to give some creepy promoter my cell phone number, for the greater good of the group, to get free guestlist at Tryst).The service was S L O W, albeit, a lot of drunk people were there just around 12 midnight and the cooks were probably backed up a little. We had eaten probably 6 hours earlier so we needed to refuel. We must've waited at least 20 minutes for our orders.OK, not so bad right? Wrong. One of the girls had severe implications from the FAT burger for the remainder of the weekend into Tuesday.... savage diarrhea and constipation. Trust, though it wasn't ME, we all had to suffer because she was queasy and cranky and was blowing up our hotel room's toilet at all times we were in the room. And boy, that bathroom door was paper-thin because we could hear it all. But we wont go there.Fat Burger, thanks for being there, but never again. I'll stick with what I know and go to In-n-Out.
4	Absolutely, the ghetto-iest burger joint on the strip.  However, also muy deliciouso.Be prepared to fight your way through drunken bachelorette's, greasy junkies, stoned ticket flickers, & priaptic midgets.One of the best fast food(ish) burgers around...and they have Coke Zero at the fountain machine!
4	Some good grease when your wacked!!!  Always good and late nite is the best time to chow!!!
4	For convenience sake, we popped in here for our last meal in Vegas.  It's expensive.  It's dirty.  It's greasy.  It's messy.  It's scary.  It's Fatburger.  It's delicious!  I got the "Fat Deal" combo for $10.  I love the "fat" fries (steak cut fries), and the fact that they put both relish AND pickles on the burgers.  We braved the Vegas clientele, and ate our food there.  When it's your last night in Sin City, and you haven't had any luck at the casinos, you might find yourself blending into the Fatburger crowd at midnight.
4	You're money baby, money!So my boy D and I were rolling through Vegas for the weekend.  Finally a chance to enjoy Sin City for a few days that weren't work related!  So maybe the boys from Swingers wouldn't have made a stop at Fatburger, but what the hell..we were saving our money for the fun stuff, so tried to keep the midday meals to a minimum.What can I say?  I haven't had a Fatburger since I was a kid, and wasn't sure what to expect.  I am a confirmed In-N-Out lover, so wasn't sure if I was going to be traumatized by trying something else out, but went for it on D's advice.Hamburgers were great, fries good and the atmosphere...interesting.  It was a midday meal, so not really full of what I understand to be the partying drunk crowd that it usually gets late night.  But the music was blaring and there were plenty of people eating, so much people watching was available.I enjoyed my visit.  Wasn't the best burger in the world, but it was good.  Wasn't the most relaxing of locals but it was fun.  Wasn't the most healthy of meals (hellloo!  FAT-burger, right?) but it was tasty!Enjoy it in all its glutony and have a good time.  It IS Sin City after all.
4	If you're looking for a cheap place to eat that's not the typical fast food joint you'd find across the nation, eat here!!! The burgers are actually quite tasty. I ordered (my very first) fatburger, with cheese and egg. The burger was well flavored and juicy, a good amount of pickles and mustard to finish off the hamburger. I think I only tasted one bite of onion though. If it weren't for In-N-Out, I'd say this place definitely outranks any franchised burger joint. But, a true fan stays loyal. In-N-Out forever. However, Ice Cube, I do know what you mean. I too, would want a fatburger 2 in the morning...only in Vegas.
3	Food/quality:Great juicy burgers with tiny fries. It is fast food, but definitely a great deal especially late at night in Vegas after having some drinks during the evening. Service:Service here is what I had a problem with. When I ordered for my boyfriend and myself, I had to repeat the order several times to the man at the register. He seemed to have trouble understanding our orders. For example, when stating that I wanted everything except tomatoes on my hamburger, he placed the order with tomatoes only. After continuously trying to have our order input correctly, I still had to walk up to the people preparing the food to have the order changed to what we wanted.Atmosphere:Interesting crowd. I remember there being a drunk girl falling all over the place in line. The bathroom here was not worth using, so I waited until heading back to our hotel.Value:Inexpensive quick meal, especially after you have already had a huge dinner elsewhere earlier in the evening followed by drinks.
4	The Last Great Hamburger Stand -- reads the facade of Fatburger. John Lee Hooker playing on the jukebox, cooks yelling order numbers at unsound decibels . . .  Yeah--I'll bite. I went with the Fat Deal (yes--that's what it's called) with onion rings. I was here for lunch and thought my order came out really quick. I was a little worried. My Fat Burger didn't look too fat, but it's all an illusion; it's actually quite a beast. I wasn't sure if I would be able to walk back to my conference when I was done. Fatburger is a cheap eat, nicely situated on this South part of the strip. I'm glad to have found it. The interior feels vintage and jukebox is pretty rockin'. I think the place is pretty top notch in terms of fast food. My burger was tasty and as I already mentioned--filling!
4	ohhhhhhhhh fatburger. how i love you.theres one right by my house that i never go to because i'm desperately trying to eat healthier, but i was in vegas this past weekend and so i let loose...we had finished gambling at around 430am... went up to our hotel room thinking we were going to call it a night, buuuuuut, we were all aching for some fatty goodness...so off to fatburger we went.service is great here. pretty quick. staff is friendly.you're just coming here for the fatty food so service shouldn't matter anyways... as long as its quick. i got the turkeyburger (my attempt at still trying to be somewhat healthy in vegas...) delicious! this place is kind of expensive though. i think i paid around $5-6 for my burger when i could have just gone to innout for a $3 cheeseburger. but, its vegas. and its conveniently located in the middle of the strip. and it was 5am. and it was damn good.
2	For the most part, FatBurger does an ok job with their food and drinks. In fact they are pretty decent about making sure that everything you get is on par with many of the other locations both in NV and Cali. For some reason this location just misses the point! Now, I understand it is in a high volume area, with heavy foot traffic and etc. Catering to tourist who probably will not come back, but regardless of who comes into eat, Consistency & Quality is key!  Meat-overcookedBun-A little staleProduce-Not very fresh-BK & Mr. Jack-had better. Extra items?-Actually paid extra for something I didn't get! I know stupid me! Overpriced food, drinks, and etc. Go to "In-n-Out" a few blocks away, if your really dying for a egg in your burger, go up the street to Fireside, I know they'll do it right! Cheers.
4	every time i come here when I'm in Vegas it is awesome. the one in SA sucked and closed, so I'm not sure what makes these so different but the only thing that's sad here is the price. the burgers are pricey and not all that big. but they are certainly Delicious. (get the fat fries, they are wayy better than the reg fries)
4	the burgers are alot better in the states than they are here, the name says it all, no calorie counting here, get the fat burger loaded with thick fries and a good ol' shake with whip cream to wash it all down, on the strip opened 24 hours, just watch the rowdys late at night or the drunks..every time i go to LV i go this joint, cooked on a flat grill and made to order... no microwaves here.....on a funny note my son is 3 and loves mc D's fries, so i went in the joint right next  door to Fat burger and all the eupopean tourists were in there, i guess they don't know any better....
3	Better than standard burger fare, but no In-and-Out. That said, 10 STARS for the milk shakes. AMAZING! We couldn't get enough! Jukebox is fun.
4	I went to Fatburger twice on my recent trip to Las Vegas. I was seriously tired of the buffets and loved the burger here. Got a king burger, with onion rings and a banana shake (which was to die for).  I will be back here on my next visit to this location on the strip.
3	after a few days of dining in the casinos (buffets, restaurants, etc etc), it was a big sigh of relief to order a burger and fries. what can you expect from a fast food burger joint? it does do "made to order" style burgers...and it did get a bit backed up. me and my cousin had 2 orders and it took over 10 minutes, which was fine. mixed crowd inside, and it was in a shady part of the stripe. lol. we did take out and walked back to our hotel while eating. pretty tasty!! i would say its better than In-and-Out burger down the road!
4	Great break from everything big on the strip.  Pretty interesting crowd but staff seemed to be on the ball.
4	We came here to eat on the morning after a heavy night of drinking =P. I ordered the spicy chicken burger and some onion rings. I must say, it was a very good burger. But I agree with with MJ B., this isn't In-N-Out. But it was nice to have some onion rings though.I was still pretty hung over, so I didn't have that big of an appetite. But it was goood! Plus, it was across the street from Monte Carlo. I recommend this place!
3	Let me preface this by saying that.. if i could give this place 3.4 stars i would (not 3.5 because I didn't feel strongly about rounding up another star, unfortunately.)Its true the burger here are delicious - the condiments were generously piled onto the burger, and it was so perfectly wrapped (yes, the ocd side of me lights up at things like this). The fries are some of the most delicious fries ever.  I just had some, and I kind of want some more already.  They're so perfectly cooked - crunchy on the outside without satisfying any of the soft interior (I'm referring to the skinny fries).However, minus 1 star because I have to say that it unfortunately reminds me greatly of another burger joint that I love much more (rhymes with mud suckers).  I know it's not fatburgers fault, but it is unfortunate that the burger reminds me too much of another (better) one I've already tried.  Please save the hate mail, loyal fatburger fans.. this is my personal and honest opinion.Minus another star because I asked for mayo on the side and I found my burger fully dressed with mayo in my burger.  I could have let it slide, but my friend also asked for a burger without some of the condiments, and unfortunately his burger also came as if he has asked for a burger with everything.I will recommend this place though - if you're in the area.  It isn't good enough for me to drive all the way to the strip and park in a club parking lot and have to walk around a bunch of drunk jackasses eager to prove how macho they are to some girl who is not even interested in them and deal with parking specifically for it though.
5	I first went to this Fatburger a few months ago when I was in Vegas for a friend's bachelor party.  The burgers are AWESOME, especially for a fast food joint.  I used to think In-And-Out was the hidden fast food burger gem on the west coast...but Fatburger passed them up!  Fast forward to last week.  I was back in Vegas with a few friends and one of my friends had a Triple King Burger (three 1/2 pound patties).  If you finish this monstrosity, they give you a free t-shirt and take your picture to put up on the wall.  He finished it and got his picture taken.  They were out of t-shirts though.  A few nights later, we went back.  I ordered a QUAD King Burger (trip-King + 1 extra patty) to one-up my friend.  After consuming TWO POUNDS of delicious hamburger, I instantly regretted my decision.  The burger was awesome (as usual), but I was disgustingly full.  They were still out of t-shirts, and their camera was broken too, but I didn't care.  Right after we left, one of the cooks came outside after me to shake my hand.  I LOVE FATBURGER!
5	AMAZING!Quick service for fresh food!  I had the baby fat and it was MORE than filling.  Loved it!  Had the onion rings.  Loved them too!  Go there.  It is quick, cheaper, and 24 hours!  I wish they had on in Chicago!
3	Burger was HUGE, tasty, inexpensive, open 24 hour, service was friendly, a definite go to spot after a crazy night on the strip.  I love how there is a veggie burger option.  The veggie burger tasted so good.  This burger joint is special compared to in and out.  You can add an egg on the burger for $1.  yay more protein!!!
4	I found myself here at 5am...yes 5am. After being rudely awakened by someone's Gatling gun, I mean someone's nose. I swear, always find out who snores in your Vegas plans, and kick them out! Anyway my boyfriend and I hit up the strip to find out who the real Las Vegan crazies are. It was quite warm outside, even at the crack'o'dawn. After passing a group of dude-bros standing on the corner reaching for Budweiser cans from the box they brought along, past the drunks staggering all over the place, a real live Elvis impersonator, past the barefooted club chicks who had long since given up trying to walk in their heels, we came across the 24 hour fat burger.I could go for some fries and a milkshake...that sounded remotely like breakfast, I thought. Anyway, inside, we were greeted by the same group of people. Drunk club goers, dude-bros and many other interesting characters. The girls in front of us were leaning all over the registers screaming "I want salt on my burger!"...by the time we were served, the guy was either deaf or just a little slow. It took us 5 minutes to order fries and a shake. He kept asking, "you want vanilla shake??VANILLA??"We set up camp in the corner by the window, and people watched till our food came. One fellow was using his soda cup as a barf receptacle. The girls who wanted salt on their burgers were now shouting about who's boyfriend was who's. When our food came we gulped down the tasty shake, and munched on our fries and discussed where to go next at 5:30am. Definitely one of my favorite Las Vegas experiences!
1	UGHHHHHHHH!  Why did I come here when I could have gone to in-n-out?  NEVER AGAIN!We ordered 6 burgers and everybody added extra things such as eggs, cheese, bacon etc (all for 99 cents each!) on their burger.  We waited for what seem like ages.  Walked our drunk butts back to the hotel ready to get our grub on...Guess what?  We all didn't have any of the extras included in our burgers.  Not only that meat was dry with no sort of flavor at all.  Even though I was starving I only managed a couple bites before giving up.  What a waste!! The price of my burger was $4.99, for that much I could have gotten a #2 animal style at in-n-out.
1	DON'T EAT HERE IF AN OLD INDIAN/MAYBE LATINA WOMAN IS WORKING THE CONDIMENTS!!!! I was making my second trip here during my Vegas vacation on a slow, Sunday afternoon. When I got my order it was wrong. No big deal, just needed a bun swap (I HATE MAYO!!!) and different condiments. I brought the burger back and asked to get a new top bun. THE LADY PROCEEDED TO WIPE OFF THE TOP OF THE BUN WITH A WET, DIRTY, RAG, AND WAS READY TO GIVE IT BACK TO ME! Who does that???  When I confronted the lady and her manager, she flat out denied what I just saw in front of my face. On top of that she denied taking our receipt too! What a shame! On top of all of this, the f*%$ head manger gave me tons of attitude after I demanded a refund. I had so much love for this place before, but what did I ever expect from a fast food place on the Strip? Good luck eating here. I hope to revive my love affair for the Fatburger establishment one day, but not on Las Vegas Blvd.
3	I have an exact plan of how I like my Vegas:It goes like this: 1. Get off the plane2. Get a rental car (and pass out as many extra discount coupons [$20 off a weekly rental! Free upgrade!] as I can that I have from my Entertainment Book to the people waiting in line behind us.) 3. Drive as fast as possible to the Strip.4. Pull into Fat Burger's parking lot5. Order and wolf down a Fatburger with cheese, steak-cut fries and a strawberry milkshake. Only sometimes I deviate and get skinny fries. This is the ONLY order we do things in upon arrival. Even on our honeymoon, it went in that order...but those of you who know that we rock the "NFP lifestyle" can understand that there was really no hurry to get to our Honeymoon Suite. Gotta love Peak+ 4.  My first two visits were pure heaven. The following two, especially the last, left much to be desired. In a span of two years, the interior seemed to have taken a major beating, and it was just dirty. Ketchup all over the place, dirty tables...sometimes no tables to sit at if you go in the afternoon. During the wait for our food, I felt a strong need to wash my hands after using the soda fountain, getting my condiments, ect. Also, the employees seemed almost unhappy to be there, further making me doubt that they cared about preparing my food in a sanitary matter.I gave 3 stars because good burgers DO live here! I've had them! I just don't know if I'm quite ready to go back. I'm ready to be introduced to the next best "burger fix."
4	Yea it's kinda pricey and yea it costs extra to add things like cheese, bacon, egg, etc.. But its pretty darn good.. I think so atleast. This location in particular is cool because its open 24 hours.. on the other hand, the employees weren't too friendly and the place wasn't too clean.. But aside from that!! This place has become a MUST for the bf whenever we go to vegas or even tahoe. He likes to get the triple king burger.. or whatever its called. the biggest one! if i'm really hungry i'll get the fatburger with bacon and cheese.. if im not as hungry i'll get the babyfat burger which is a cute little burger haha.. My friends ordered theres with egg and they said it was really good, too. I like the chili cheese fries as well. Yum yum.. wish i could have some right now..
1	I never thought Ice Cube could steer me wrong...I've tried this place twice all because of his "it was a good day" song & twice, their burger was inedible. It is not a FAT burger, more like a really slim, anorexic burger. I ordered a Baby Burger & asked for it to be well done...omg, the bread was hard and the meat patty was cold & not cooked all the way through (i freak out when I see THAT much pink in my burger)...in fact the patty was so cold, it didn't even melt the cheese that was on there! Man, even if I'm starvin' at 2 am, I will not eat their shitty ass burgers.
4	Stumbled into Fatburger while piss-drunk in Las Vegas at 3am. Showing zero will power or restraint - I ordered what has to be the worst item on their menu, or anyone elses for that matter...I got the Bacon Cheesburger with a Fried Egg on top.  I destroyed it, and didn't go under cardiac arrest - so I must give it some love. 4-stars!!
3	Okay place. Nothing extravagant. It is expensive  for burgers though. 2 medium burgers with cheese, skinny fries, and onion rings = $17.88. Come to try if you need a quick bite.  Cooked well, onion rings rocked, burgers were burgers.Great alternative to In and Out Burger as well, and way less busy!
4	i'm pretty sure that this a chain, and i usually try to avoid fast food joints when i can, especially while on vacation. however, at 2:00 AM in the morning, anything open is fair game.i was hurting for something greasy to calm my inebriated self. i had eaten merely hours before, and i even told myself not to eat too much else i would be hurting tomorrow. one medium size burger with chili [and a lot of stolen fries] later, i felt goooood. the burger reminded me of in-&-out. what probably gives it an interesting touch is the relish. not bad i guess.this place even had live entertainment - drunk people causing commotion.
3	Never tried a fat burger til I wen there.even in  the AM, there was a line.  Price was above normal range for me.
3	I was really impressed with their Boca burger.  It's not every fast food hamburger joint that has a veggieburger.  I was really glad it was well done because I ordered everything on the burger.  It seemed like this place was always open; people were constantly lined up to try the Fatburger.
5	It's impossible to end a night (or morning) in Vegas without stopping by Fatburger! You can order burgers with veggie, turkey, beef, size S to XXXL.  I've seen my friends devour the XXXL and it's doable, but not recommended.  I swear they almost had heart attacks from all that meat.  Whatever you do, follow these tips:1) Order your burger with an egg!  2) Order the skinny fries3) Order the chili4) Dip the skinny fries in the chili5) Watch the drunk, cracked out patrons make fools of themselves while they dance to the jukebox music or attempt to eat their food.  Best Las Vegas entertainment outside of Cirque du Soleil or the strip clubs.  Trust.
5	I had dinner here with some friends last Friday.Fatburger with cheese and egg: 5/5 - I don't know how it could be any better. My friend saw my burger with an egg and said he got out-burgered.Chocolate Shake: 5/5Service: 3.5/5 - The staff was friendly, but very slow on my order. It wasn't that busy.Ambience: 2/5 - It would be great if they had outdoor seating.
3	open 24 hours and on the strip....so if you need to get your burger fix on, then go here.  But if you can get your eat on during regular hours, then go to in n out on dean martin via a cab.   Had the steak cut fries and burger combo, next time i'll have to try the skinny fries or the onion rings.  Nothing special, but if you have to get your eat on at night then a decent option.
4	Yum.Munch.Crunch.Burp.Not your trypical burger joynt.Located on the Vegas Strip, this place is the perfect kill you Vegas hunger at 4am after a long night/morning of lounge hopping in those over-price Vegas nightclubs.Be brave. Order the XXXL burger and bust a gut!Also, don't be scared of the locals that hangout there. They're there for your protection. lol
4	Yum, I love fatburger and I'm not surprised that this location in Vegas is no different. This is just your average fat burger place but with the extra spice of Vegas included at no extra charge! The burgers are delicious, the service is 24 hours so unlike everything else, it's when you want and what you want. You can order up a notch if you're really hungry. They have the best fries as well and everything from veggie to major meat head. I recommend walking here though, because if you drove there's more or less no parking!
3	First off, I didn't love the food here.. but.... We were visited at 3 am and when we walked in they started blaring Biggie Smalls so loud. Everyone in line started dancing and singing. Even the fry cook was raising the roof. My friend was dancing like crazy. For the whole time we were there they only played Biggie and Tupac. So awesome/strange. Also at Fat Burger, some guy who said he was from the south side of Chicago gave me his CD. He said his friend was from WI and I said I was too. When he asked where I told him and he shouted out to 920, our area code up there.The whole end of that night was super bizarro. There is video that exists somewhere and I must find it!
5	I love fatburger!!Went here a couple of time during our 2 week holiday in Vegas and couldn't fault it.Being a veggie I obviously had the veggie burger, so tasty! Boyfriend had the XL burger on his first visit with egg - it was huge! He couldn't finish it and he's had a 1lb burger and a 1/3lb burger in one sitting once in fuddruckers with no problem. But fatburger defeated him!Chips/fries are great and the oreo milkshake. Only thing is they asked me first time if I wanted whipped cream on top to which I said no, but did't get asked second time. Didn't think anything of it unitl it arrived with a load of cream on top. yikes, not a fan of cream! I'm just gutted we couldn't find it on our first night! I had read it was behind the MGM, which it really isn't! So went off in the direction of Hooters looking for it (obviously wrong way!). Being hungry in a new city, which was unbelievably hot is not a good combo when all you've read about for months before going away is fatburger and other similar  burger joints and you just don't want the usual mcdonalds.If only we had one in the UK!
3	We walked in and they had Tupac playing on the radio. I knew it was about to be on and poppin!I was hopeful that Fatburger would live up to the hype and give my beloved In-And-Out burger a run for it's money. Sadly, I wasn't horribly impressed. I went for the small cheeseburger and split and order of fries with friends. While the burger was definitely better than McDonald's or Wendy's or something, it wasn't amazingly life changing. I love the menu, the music and the overall experience of being at Fatburger, but I think I'll stick with my beloved In-And-Out. When we walked out of Fatburger, Pac was still bumping on the speakers. Gotta love it! Nonstop Cali love!
4	Good burgers. Juicy, nice size, well cooked. Not the best, but a good, solid burger nonetheless. Just remember when you ask for everything on it, that means EVERYTHING... including relish, which I can't say I've ever had on a burger before. It is a bit on the pricey side for fast food, but hey - it's Vegas. Part of the reason it gets bumped up to a four is because of the atmosphere. The jukebox plays pretty good hip-hop/R&B and workers are friendly. Be wary of the bathrooms though... Not the cleanest.... Just a heads-up.
3	I was dying to try this place. My man and I made it our first food stop in Vegas, and I'd have to say it was just ok. It reminded me of Wendy's, but with a longer wait time and a seedier crowd. I didn't want to put my purse on the dirty floor for fear of theft, so I kept it in my lap. All this did was make me look like I was afraid, and you never want to show fear. I put it on the table.Other posters have commented that the best bet is In-N-Out, but I also think their burgers taste like Wendy's. My man really wants to eat here again when we return to Vegas at the end of the month, but I'm going to drag him to BLT Burger.
3	Ordinarily I wouldn't come to an establishment that looks really seedy but it was across the street from the Mandarin Oriental where we were staying and we wanted something quick and cheap for lunch.Outside it looks a bit creepy; inside they played Biggie Smalls and the the people working there were really into the music. It does have a somewhat fun atmosphere if you're into that workers being loud, but that's not my type of crowd. We got a XXXL Burger, fat fries and a Chili Cup and brought it back to the hotel. The burger was huge, but it was over $9. It was difficult to pick up so we basically just took it apart. My friend ate most of it, but from what I had it was a decent burger -- better than the typical fast food restaurants available to new yorkers at least. I have yet to try In-N-Out, so I can only compare it to places like McDonald's or Burger King. The chili was really salty, but we ate it with the fries. The fries were crispy and seasoned well. The food is better than your average fast food restaurant, i.e. Wendy's, McDonald's, etc but it's not as clean, so I'm not comfortable eating there and the clientele's too rowdy at night, but I'll gladly get it to go.
4	Better than McDonalds! The fat fries are enough to make you want to eat at this place. This burgers are always juicy and perfectly melts in your mouth. A bit pricey for a burger joint, but definitely worth it. Our friends make it a breakfast burger by adding an egg to it. Strange, but they make it look DELISH!
5	After a wild drink filled night at MGM we decided to ditch the super high bs inside the hotel and hit the strip in search of some low cost, tasty grub. We stumbled into fat burgers around 330 in the morning wobbling from painful stilettos and laughing signing BIGs famous fat burger line " If I wanna sport her take her to fat burger" While there I order the turkey burger melt with cheddar cheese w/ fat fries, mixed my drink with lemonade & fruit punch!!! Complete BURGER BLISS... End of story
2	Isn't everything suppose to taste better when you are faded?  Burgers here taste like cardboard.  I can't imagine how bad it tastes when I'm sober.  Their diet coke tastes pretty good though.The location is right on the strip so its very convenient.  It's not that fast of a fast food place so expect to wait about 5 to 10 minutes... especially when there is a line.
5	Many people tell me they prefer In-N-Out over Fat Burger (or any other burger for that matter). To them I say, to each his own. Me? I prefer big juicy, greasy burgers, not small "clean" burgers. When I'm eating a burger, it's not supposed to be healthy or good for me. That's why a FATBURGER wins in terms of taste, size, and overall satisfaction. With a order of Fat Fries and a Large Coke. Yeah, now that's heaven. You can keep your overated, non-burger tasting in-n-out "burgers". Now, someone needs to bring a franchise to San Francisco.
1	I might have missed the sign that said, "No females allowed" or the one that said, "Big scary biker dudes only".  Either way, it was a pretty intimidating burger joint to be hanging out in at 3am with a group of 24 year old ladies (all wearing outfits that could only be described as "sparkly" or "glamorous"). I ordered a regular hamburger and small fries.  It took approximately 20-30 minutes before my order was up!  I could have easily run back to the hotel, ordered room service, eaten, and paid my bill by then.  Or I could have easily taken in part of a magic show.  The wait brought new meaning to the term fast food, and not in a good way. When the food was finally done, it was burned dry meat.  The fries were on par with McDonalds, but the place was so dirty I didn't even want to put anything near my mouth.One side note: somebody was feeding their baby there!  What?!  At 3am at a dirty burger joint with scary biker dudes?  That baby had the biggest bags under her poor little eyes.  Good grief Charlie Brown!I would never go back.
3	This place was actually pretty good. Although, I wish they had a condiment bar instead of just stuffing my burger with everything possible. Definitely better than any fast food places like McDonalds or Jack in the Box. But definitely nothing compared to mom and pop burger joints you can find around San Francisco. Fast and Friendly service. No complaints here. The place can be a little cleaner, but hey all places could usually be a little cleaner. Overall: I had a good experience here. Would recommend to others.
2	It is great that it is open 24hours but the food was not that great. I have been to better fatburgers in other states. The served taking my order clearly hated her job and was a bit rude.  The visit was at 4am but it was quite crowded.Next time I would just go to the McDonald's next door because of the pricing.  My beef just did not compare with a sit down resteraunts typical hamburger and was a step down from in n out.
5	Hands down.....THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!Loud and crowded, but who cares when you get a burger like this. Will be back and back again and again. Hope it never disappoints.
4	If you have the drunk munchies, then this is the place for a late night nom nom session!Open 24/7, and located on the strip. Everything made to order. The burger is so big I had leftovers for breakfast; no reheat needed! The sign of a finely crafted hamburger.Well worth the jaywalk from the Aria.
4	After a night of singing and dancing at New York New York's piano bar, FATBURGER was our next stop. 24 hours of awesome burger deliciousness!!!Very busy even at 3am... and after the food it was understandable. It might have been all the rum, but the wait seemed to take 20 mins. It was definitely worthwhile. I love to eat. And I love to eat burgers. But man, this one took all my effort. Be careful, they only take cash!
3	This was probably the cheapest meal we had in Vegas. I like these guys better than In-and-Out but they still don't do it for me. Coming from Texas, I say Whataburger still wins my heart...and clogs my arteries. The burgers were fresh and the fries/rings were decent. A few guys added a fried egg to their burgers and said it was pretty good. Maybe next time.
3	This place was busy! when we came in. Thats usually a good thing, and the line seemed to move pretty quickly. I was entertained with them yelling out the orders as well :) It doesn't take much to entertain me.  We got our food and I have to say that my favorite part was the fries. They were excellent. The burger its self almost reminded me of a chicago style hot dog because of what was on it. Good, but not amazing.It was fun to eat in here and just watch all the different people come and go.
4	Fat Burger is (greater than symbol) In-n-Out BurgerBeing from Texas I am pretty snobby when it comes to burgers. I always compare other fast food chains with my beloved Whataburger. A couple of years back I tried In-n-Out and it didn't quite stack up. This time around I'd figure I try out Fat Burger and see how well it fares. i must admit, I can see why they call it Fat Burger. You can get an XXL burger which is 24 ounces of pure beef goodness. Even this Texan isn't stupid enough to get that! I only got the large (8oz) fat burger with bacon, cheese, and fried egg on top along with fat fries and a diet coke. haha ok I kid on the diet coke. I enjoyed every artery clogging morsel and dare I say it was better than Whataburger?!?!
4	Wow what a great burger.  The place was dirty but it's on the strip in a rundown strip mall surrounded by drunk street urchins and strip-club card-slapping Mexicanos - what do you expect??If it's 3am and you've been drinking on the strip all night and want to get amazing service, a J Crew-clad crowd, a sparkling clean facility, AND get a great burger at a great price for the strip, GO BACK TO YOUR HOTEL AND GO TO BED b/c you're an idiot.Oh yeah the food.  Great burgers!  Got a few of the small burgers with cheese each time we went (thrice in three days).  The meat was juicy and not over-cooked, the tomato and onions and lettuce were all fresh and hadn't been sitting out.  Better than IN-N-Out in my opinion and way better than Wendys and way way way way better than McD's.
5	Delicious hamburgers!Stayed at the MGM and walked over here to get a good hamburger for a good price. I got the skinny fries & medium burger and it was simple and delicious. The BF got the chili cheese fries and said they were really good. Chili isn't my thing so I didn't try em. The service was good and fast and honestly I'm from California.. The Bay Area & I think this place is better then our In N Out.
4	It's 4am.You are drunk.You don't want to wake-up with a hang over.Yeah Fatburger has the answer for you. A fat burger and awesome steak fries. Yes they do have a Garden burger. If its a weekend the place will be packed but don't worry the cooks are fast. Fatburger should be your preferred dinning establishment during 2am and 5am. I recommend it to all.Side note: It sooo reminds me of Notorious BIG. :)
3	A decent burger.
4	Came here at 1 A.M. with my little brother, it's been a while since i'd been to a fat burger. I've been eating so much in n out i forgot what a fat burger taste like, so i got a large with everything in it including an egg! It was pretty darn good, the first thing i noticed about a fat burger thats different than a lot of the burgers that i've had is that a lot of the focus on flavor actually goes into the meat. Instead of everything that surrounds it. All in all a pretty good burger and a good A.M. snack!
5	This place is great!  My friends and I went to Vegas last year and were looking for some food after our flight. We wandered the strip and came across fat burger. It was great. I can't remember exactly what we ordered but I do remember the milk shake was fantastic and I was sad we didn't get a chance to go back again before we left. I was also sad to learn there are no fat burgers by me. If you are in Vegas and looking for a good burger, go here.
4	Mmm... That is a tasty burger. Skip In-N-Out (overrated), come here. And any place that allows you to put a fried egg on your burger is obviously going to be good.Aside from being the cheapest burger on The Strip (or even the cheapest food), it is just darn fun and good. You hear the workers yelling out orders, it is a small diner-like atmosphere, and the burgers just taste good. Skip the lettuce and tomato and such and opt for egg, onions, bacon, and all the stuff that will slowly kill you as you walk back to your hotel.And for the little ones -- like my wife who doesn't eat a ton -- they have small burgers that are perfect for little appetites.
4	There is just something about being able to get a nice greasy burger and sit down between 3 prostitutes and their pimp on one side of you, and a family of 4 on the other side, and have everyone just so happy with their burger that they don't care about what else is going on. This is Fatburger! If you like burgers, stop in and get you some!
4	a transcendent burger experience. so greasy, so much, so wonderful.the perfect (preventative) cure for a hangover.
4	I've been to Fatburger twice.  My first experience was no good.  My husband made me get the XL (with two patties, i think) and I wanted to throw up.  I was pregnant and the look of it made me sick.BUT...I went to Fatburger again last weekend and it was really good!  It really hit the spot after a day of shopping with the girls.  I'm a burger and fries kinda girl!  Skinney fries were delish!
1	Welcome to the most ghetto and dangerous place in Vegas.  You walk in and all the extras that played roles in "boys in the hood" and "menace to society" are just hanging out.   I don't get how this place stays open when the white people that walk in are visibly fearing for their lives.  Oh and the place has roaches that are visibly just crawling around.  just don't do it
4	Good place to go to after a night of partying.  Fast, yummy and perfect to eat when you don't want to feel like shit the next morning.  It's just a good and cheap alternative to the other places that vegas has.
4	I had never tried Fatburger before, but everyone told me it's one of the best places for a cheap burger and that its open 24/7 just north of the MGM. Well, I was surprised how good the food here was. I got the 1/2 pound or whatever burger, and my friend got the turkey. The turkey burger is kind of mediocre - the patty is dry and thin. Their regular burger is quite good. Very satisfying for what is a five dollar burger. I expected it to be really greasy (probably because of the name), but it was actually just a very good burger. The fat fries are also quite good. I will definitely think about this place next time I'm looking for that cheap burger in Vegas at 3am...
4	Fatburger is the African-American version of Johnny Rocket's.In order to create a Fatburger, you take the Johnny Rocket's old school diner feel and replace the Elvis, Roy Orbison, and Jerry Lee Lewis with the Aretha Franklin, Al Green, and the Jackson 5. The music here has me "all shook up," but it has my, "r-e-s-p-e-c-t." I love it.Fatburger also takes the complicated Johnny Rocket's menu, eliminates 75 percent of it, and makes you focus on how you want your burger and what kind of fries you want. Ordering is like, "A-B-C, easy as 1-2-3."You first pick the size of your burger. By size, it means in terms of patty size (2.5, 5.3, 8, 16, and 24 ounces). I am not sure who can eat a 2 pound burger, but until I weigh 400 pounds or I am high on government grade grass, I'll stick to the 5.3 ounce patty. Plus, there's only so much meat I can fit in my mouth.You then pick the toppings. The burgers come loaded with fresh lettuce, onions, tomatoes, and pickles (unless you say otherwise), but you get to add to your "Fatburger" experience with four extra toppings: cheese, bacon, chili, and/or an egg. Personally, I always roll with cheese and bacon. But under the influence of Las Vegas, I have added chili and an egg and it while it was different, it was still delicious. Yum. Burp. Fart.If you want fries, you get two options: skinny fries or fat fries. The former is thin and crispy, and the latter are more like steak fries. Honestly, they are both really good. This is like having to choose between Betty and Veronica. And just like Archie, I can't truly commit to either option. So I pick one or the other on each visit, but never both at the same time. You have to keep your options open and never let them know you are savoring both. Now that's "true playa" status, right there. Ya feel me?Also, the milk shakes shakes are wonderful. You have try one at least once. They have five different flavors: chocolate, vanilla, strawberry, Maui-Banana, and Oreo Cookies & Cream. You can't go wrong with either, but I suggest the vanilla, strawberry, and cookies & cream options. They are just so thick and creamy. That's what she said.In addition to all of this, the service is stellar. But since it's set up is not a sit down restaurant, you don't need to tip. I guess Fatburger eliminated the tipping from Johnny Rocket's too. So you are left with great burgers, at a good price, in a cool environment.Needles to say, I'm a fan of the African-American Johnny Rockets: Fatburger.
4	Not the cleanest place I have ever eaten but the burger is grrreat.
2	Alright, fine, Fatburger gets a slight upgrade.I never end up here on my own accord; I get dragged here by *boys* wanting a Fatburger at midnight. *They* don't have to worry about being accosted by dudes who think they're in a rap video (fyi: fake bling--not so cute.) *They* don't have to worry about their burger being too pink & not being able to eat it. Whine, whine, whine. My sincerest apologies.I ordered a veggie burger topped with a fried egg & bacon--I've definitely had better, but at least it was edible, unlike my previous experiences here. Burger was overwhelmed by toppings (mustard, mayo, pickles, lettuce, tomatoes.) The steak fries (Fat Fries) were good. I'll eat here if I'm forced, but I'm not going to be happy about it *pouts & folds arms over chest*
4	Ever thought about having a heart attack at a young age? Well this place can help you out with that! Kind of a cutty little burger joint along the strip. A cheap place to eat, but definitely unhealthy for ya. I ordered a large burger combo with egg and the sandwich gave me mixed feelings. The burger was good, but it was a bit too oily for me. The oild drenched the wrapping paper and onto the table and slowly made it to the edge of the table to drip on my pant. The egg was not my expectation. It could be my fault, I was expecting sunny side-up, but it was not. I guess I wanted the egg yolk to drip all over the place but that didn't happen.If there was a Fatburger where I live, I would definitely give it another try. Probably the next time I go to Vegas, I'll stop by for a visit.
4	burgers are awesome!!! having said that, don't come here with the wife and kids (some folks are dumb enough to do so) at 1am or 2am in the morning!! you will get "propositioned" for some after hours fun from some pretty nasty looking, um, howdoyasay?? ladies of the night? whatever, i'll say it hookers.... wife, kids or not!! awkward! The flavor in the beef patty's is to die for..... very unhealthy of course, but hey, after  getting drunk and losing or winning some money in the casino's..... comfort food will make you feel, well comfortable! a must stop if you are in Vegas or Henderson, NV.
5	If you like burgers, you're in Vegas and you've already been to In-N-Out, definitely give Fatburger a try.  Like In-N-Out the menu is simple yet tasty, but unlike the aforementioned burger mecca there are Banana shakes...awesome.  Being open 24 hours can be a good or bad thing, depending on who you are and whom you might be scared to see at 2 a.m....but then that kind of applies to the whole Strip, doesn't it?
4	Okay. What do you do when you're starved for a Fatburger when last time you were in Vegas, you were rushed off with no time to get one? Come back two weeks later and find the Fatburger closest to the Airport!This one is usually crowded but I got lucky during 11pm arrival. What makes me give them an extra star above the normal three is that the cook suggested a new way to a favorite Fatburger staples: cheddar Fat Fries. Most awesome ever. How so? The cook melted cheddar at three different levels of my fries, not creating a cap, but actually soaking my fries in the greatness that which is cheddar. Plain medium fatburger with cheddar was perfect and my shake was great. Service was greatly appreciated.
3	Come here for the burgers!  That's it!  Just come here for the burgers.  If you can get it to-go, then even better.  I've come to Fatburger many times in previous trips to Vegas and there are 3 things that are consistent:1- The burgers are bomb!  I always get an XL Burger which is 8oz. with everything plus bacon.  If Im really starving then I add an egg which is $0.99.  Awesome burger!  Cooked fresh and juicy.  2- This place is always dirty!  And when I say dirty, the tables are always dirty, the floors and especially the bathroom.  This time around the mensroom looked like someone threw up everywhere but in the toilet.  Gross!  3-  The cooks are lively, but the other employees who walk around doing whatever job their doing always look upset and disgruntled.  But other than that, great burgers!
4	Okay, I was impressed by Fatburger. I think they have a better burger than In-N-Out. I love the size options and the fact that they have a good veggie burger, and that you can add a fried egg to your burger. The fries were not that great; I wish I'd tried the tasty-looking onion rings. This is a nasty place with dirty bathrooms, but sometimes I like that in a burger joint! Like Dirty's in Austin. It's just part of the ambiance.
4	It was midnight when we arrived in Las Vegas and 3am technically for us since we came from NYC. My friend and I were starving right out from the airport as we were about to check in on our hotel we drove around to grab something quick to eat.We ended up here in Fat Burgers and just randomly went in. I've got the fat burger medium meal as my friend tried out the turkey burger. You had a choice to add a topping for 1 dollar each however you want it. I chose cheese and a fried egg which was nice. I have to say the burgers were really juicy though not the healthiest late night meal, we were satisfied and once we got back to the hotel we were knocked out and slept well.Great late night food!
5	As much a part of my Vegas experience as the dancing fountains at The Bellagio.    10:30 am on Sunday morning in Las Vegas. I call it "The Hole". You've pushed your senses as far as they will go all Friday and Saturday. By the time you land in The Hole, the mere mention of alcohol will induce a geyser from deep within your guts. Some fat girl is drinking a yard of beer at this hour and I have to look away. A group of hommies looks and sounds like they haven't been to bed yet. The cashier hollers out my order as if he has turrets. Ah, back to normal.    The medicine is a XX cheeseburger , add the egg please and a massive Diet Coke. Last stop is the gas station for Tylenol, Jerky and a lot of water. It's a long drive back to San Diego. There will be plenty of time to do the post game wrap up of the weekend on my 4 + hour drive.     Ah Vegas, till' next time.
2	Me:  "Fatburger?  Never heard of them!"One of my friends suggested, "I hear they're pretty good."We decided to try it.Both my friends and I agreed.  This might be a good burger if you're drunk, but it was pretty bad while sober.  While my friends ordered their own combinations I went with the medium Fatburger deal omitting cheese and onions on my burger and choosing the fat fries over the skinny fries.Although this place looks and operates very much like a fast food place it is not.  The burgers are cooked to order so definitely expect a wait for your food order to be called.  If you order a soft drink it's self serve.  That part I liked about Fatburger because I can control how little ice and how much soft drink actually goes into the cup.However, back to the burger.  My number was called and a worker delivered the burger tray to me.  The first thing I noticed was how small the burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LtXy1VinKWfuLFslVarKRw?select=2v29rPxqQNAWVXQlLTyqPQ) was compared to how large the portion of steak fries were.  I love thick fries which is why I selected the Fat Fries over the skinny ones.  These were a huge disappointment even though they were nice and meaty and fried to a perfect golden yellow color.  The fault was in the oil which tasted old, and because of that the fries didn't taste fresh.  You'd be surprised how big a difference there is just by changing the oil in a fryer.The burger was not good either.  The burger patty was so overcooked no moisture existed within the meat.  I might have been happy had there even been a glistening of grease within, but nope, chewing cardboard is probably the best comparison.  The shredded lettuce while crisp had the odd taste of being stored in a refrigeration unit badly in need of a box of baking soda.  I don't mind that they use pickle relish instead of pickle slices but even that tasted old.  It's kind of like when you go to Costco and stock up on too much of something and store it until the taste begins to waver.  The pickle relish did not have a fresh snappy taste to it.  The only ingredients which tasted fresh were the tomato slice, the bun and the mustard.At the least the service was good and the workers are friendly.  I can honestly say I won't be back at a Fatburger restaurant anytime in the foreseeable future.
3	While looking for a place to eat in the middle of the night after had just arrived from the airport, we ended up here.  How bad can it be? Its a burger joint.  I opted for a small burger, perfect size for me and cooked the way I wanted.  Service was fast which we were happy about since we were so hungry.  Not bad for a quick meal, fast and affordable.
5	Came here last night and I must say that i was really impressed.  I got  a large burger, and it didn't disappoint.  Good size and tasty.  They need to put one in San Jose instead of all that crappy in n out.
4	Maybe It was the fact that I was starving and it was 3 in the morning, but that was one of the best burgers I ever had!Unfortunately, the dining area is disgusting (I was afraid to look at the kitchen), the staff look like they all just got out of prison and don't seem too concerned with customer satisfaction. But despite this, I would totally go back.
4	One of the best, down home, non-fancy burgers I've had in the U.S.!  The only one I can think of which beats FB's burger is The Shack Stack at Shake Shack (NYC).But FB is a must stop place if you're akin to we folk who can look past the super grody conditions of the "dining" area and dig into this fatty, greasy, unhealthy, heart-stopping piece of perfection which is otherwise known as the Heaven-sent accompaniment to the twelve drinks you just slammed over the past two hours ;-)
3	My friends and I were walking along the strip when we overheard some guys talking about Fatburger. One of the guys mentioned a fried egg that they on your burger, so we were determined to try it at that moment! When we finally arrived at Fatburger, we were hesitant about entering cause it looked kinda shady, but we finally built up the courage. Their menu doesn't really offer much to choose from. The only unique option that they have is the fried egg. I had the medium burger with skinny fries. I opted out of the fried egg since it didn't seem appealing to me anymore. The burger wasn't bad, but it seemed like a poor In-N-Out imitation. The skinny fries were crispy even though we walked all the way back to our hotel room before gorging. Overall, it was decent and cheap. I'd definitely choose Fatburger over the McDonalds next door though.
1	Nasty. Plain and simple.I am sure this is the place to grub when you're drunk and don't notice the paint flakes from the chipped-up floor mingling in with your burger, or the caulking from the broken bathroom sink in your fingernails.The inside of this place is worse than a gas station.  You'd think from the money they pull in from this place they could get a new floor put in and redo the bathroom... WTF?!?25 minutes to get a burger when we went at 7pm... I could get a starter and entree in that time from 90% of restaurants out there.  Despite that, the burger came out cold. Fries are frozen crap etc etc.Stay the hell out of this place.
2	Burgers were HUGE, but so was the price .. kind of cool to check it out once, but there are so many better options in Vegas, I probably won't bother again ..
4	"2 in tha mornin, got the fat burger" ain't nothing like a juicy double king cheeseburger with a fried egg and an order of fries at 7am to soak up all that hennessy!!! Awwww it was a good day
3	I love the decor of the Fat Burger with its counter seating and old timey feel. The prob is that a meal is just about $10 for a burger, fries, and drink. That's outrageous for fast food in my opinion. They are currently running an interesting promotion where you buy a meal, and they give you a second burger for free. I guess if you have a hungry friend along who can cope with sharing your fries and drinking water, this would be a great cheap date place! ;-)Best thing I ate here were the fries, Picked the skinny ones, as opposed to the steak fries. Very crispy outer shell and only slightly salty. A very clean natural flavor. The burger patty was tasteless as seems to be the M.O. for fast food joints these days with their overcooked meat. Nothing at all special about the burger.Overall, I'd rate In N Out higher than the Fat Burger, since there is no equal to In N Out's Animal Style topping combo.
3	Since there's no Fatburger around from where I live, it was definitely one of the places I have to eat while I'm in Vegas. It was kinda hidden from the strip, but it's directly across from Monte Carlo and located in a small plaza next to Walgreens that was being renovated. To promote the new FOX TV show's Bob's burger, we were a bit confused at first thinking Fatburger is now Bob's burger, but it's only temporary. This is a good place if you want to grab a burger something quick besides McDonald's. It's a bit pricier than other fast food chains, but it was just fattening good. The burgers can get larger and larger, but the average size of their burger would be a medium since a small would like a tiny burger.
4	Overall good place to eat. In the middle of all the action and a very popular place for drunk ppl to eat at. Burgers contain alot of greece, so I recommend eating this if you want to sober up after a long night of drinking and clubbing. BTW fries are extremely HOT, so eat with caution. Fat Burger is open 24/7 so you have no excuse not to go.
5	Best burger joint I have been to.  The burgers are fresh and amazing and 100x better then In n Out!
3	Not as good as In-n-Out, but a solid late night choice.  The wait can be pretty long since everything is made to order, but it's worth the wait if you are comparing to the McDonald's next door!
5	Great burgers, super delicious, the burgers are made fresh so they take a while to make, but well worth the wait. And they are 24hrs.
4	Good location on the strip and open 24 hrs a day. Looks dirty from the outside, but inside while nothing to write home about, it is just fine. The line although long, moved rather quickly. I had a large Fatburger meal. My burger was very good and just the right size. The skinny fries were also quite good and similiar to the fries you would get at McDonald's. The prices are kind of high for fast food, but what can you expect for a place in the middle of the Vegas strip. If you are drunk and in need of late night eats, you would be well served going to Fatburger and getting the grease you need to fight tomorrow's inevitabe hangover.
5	This place never disappoint us when we're in Vegas. Normally, we'd stop here first before checking in to our hotel. You have to try their chillie cheese fries! I love how their fries are thick enough to with hold the toppings and still crisp. The best part is their fresh juicy burgers. Ive never had their other sandwiches but why bother when I can have the best burger! Along with that gotta wash it down with their cookies n' cream milk shake! If you're on a diet, this place isn't your spot but believe me it'll be worth every single bit. then regret it later when it's all over :)
1	This location is a disgrace to Fatburger. Received absolute sh*t service with an attitude from Corrine. Then, after she screwed up my order, she argued with me that it was my fault (I'd be the first to admit if it was my fault, but it wasn't in this case). Everyone makes mistakes, but damn... Live up to them. Then they actually made me run a separate credit card transaction to add the slice of cheese they failed to add. Honestly everyone working at this location seemed to high or drunk to be able to concentrate on anything specific. I know complaining about a messed up order sounds petty - and I know how petty it is, but it was the being berated by the cashier that blew me away. When you're wrong, just say "sorry" and put the damn cheese on - don't argue with the customer. Won't be back to this location. Hit up one of the station casino locations instead. At the Red Rock Station location they are always friendly and the location is always clean and they don't all seem like they would set measurement records on a drug test.
4	I had their veggie burger. It was about $6 and I added cheese for $1. It was similar to Burger King's BK Veggie burger and about twice the size so I was OK with it being twice the price. Fat fries (AKA steak fries) were standard and I'm a fan of them so I liked them. My mom got a chocolate shake and that was pretty good too. All and all I would say it lived up to it's reputation to me and the others I ate with who had regular burgers. There is limited seating so if they are really busy and you are planning to eat there you might have a problem finding a place to sit if you are in a group.
3	I've had better burgers before. Fries were pretty good. Definitely wouldn't pay that price again, too expensive. Place was kind of dirty.
4	It's a good burger. I decided I wanted the fried egg on it after I'd already ordered and it was too late to add it. They were nice about (charging me for and) making me an egg all by itself so I could put it on the burger myself.Yes, I am eating that burger in my picture, whoa!
4	A coworker recommended we check out Fatburger while in Las Vegas, and it did not disappoint!Conveniently located right on the strip, Fatburger is a small, loud, busy place.  You literally have to grab the first table or counter seat that opens up.  When your food is ready, a runner calls out the number and you just wave them over.  They bring you your food which is a nice touch for a fast food joint.The burgers were great!  Greasy in a good way, with fresh toppings.  My husband and I tried both the skinny fries and onion rings, the latter of which really impressed me.  A little expensive but definitely worth it.
3	Fatburger, get the large burger with bacon, a handful of fresh veggies and a fried egg, your heart will hate you but you won't regret it.After a late night of partying on the strip, my girlfriend and I, along with a buddy of mine, decided to check out FatBurger for a late night snack.The atmosphere was really nice, its a fast food joint that looks like a diner serving up burgers made to order, pretty crafty!Ordered their large 8oz burger with the works, cheese, fried egg and bacon with a side of fries.I know it sounds like a lot but you live once, and you know what they say, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!Burger was tasty but way too greasy, even if I were to take out the egg and bacon, by the time I got back to my hotel the bag was already soaked with grease.It's awesome for those who want to try something new, they open 24/7 on the strip so its very convenient for those looking for a late meal.I'd come back again if I'm hungry but definitely not something that I'd choose as a first option.
5	Awesome!
5	Talk about bombay late night grub in the city that never sleeps, well if you go to Fat Burger then you came to the right place. I love it because its just a down right good greasy fast food burger. I prefer it over Five Guys and In and Out. Love the face that you can get cheese bacon and a fried egg on the burger. Its a tradition to hit up this place every time I am in vegas.Always a repeat offender in the land of Lost Wages!!!
4	24 hours! Yes, please! I love going here everytime I am in Vegas. I love the fat steak fries that come with your burger!  SO GOOD!
5	Fatburger is legendary! Open 24 hours on the Las Vegas strip, get the fat fries and a double king Fatburger with the works, what else could you possibly ask for in life?The jukebox inside is great, the workers yell out in harmony to thank you if you leave a tip.Fatburger is heaven in the desert!
5	What a Burger!! Outstanding, and they throw in the free entertainment outside.  While I visited some of the natives became restless.  Batman got punched in the face by an urban youth who was quickly arrested.  Anyway 3 fat burgers, fries, a milkshake and coke later I was more than satisfied.  My only question-Why the need for a turkey burger? We are American over here, keep the turkey for those silly Canadians...Anyways-What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas and I just dropped off a truckload of evidence!!!
5	Wow i finally tried the famouse fat burger. And dam was it good. So so dam good. Makes a fat boy smile kinda good. Had the large with cheese and an egg. I was blown away with the great combo. I love this place.
5	Fresh good quality beef and affordability on the strip.  Man very good burgers, Fat fries are great.  I highly recommend for a burger fix.  You can even get a fried egg on you burger, if your so inclined.
3	The most awesome thing about this Fatburger is that they open 24 hours. We got hungry once at 2:30 am and decided to walk there. My 1st experience there's funny. When I walked in, I was greeted with non-stop rap songs. Also, there are so many ghetto people in there too, all shady looking. I thought we're gonna get robbed, shot or something lol.The burger itself is really greasy. You can order the size you want (from S - XXXL) and can pay extra for additional cool toppings, such as chilli and fried egg (I'd recommend these). The burger comes with mustard, mayo, relish, shredded lettuce & tomatoes. The burger as a whole's pretty good. I like the toppings that they put in there.Conclusion: The burger's pretty good. About the same with 5 guys, but definitely can't beat In-N-Out.
3	Fast food served slow!  Be ready to wait at least 20 min after ordering and be sure to double check your orders if taking togo. And, where's my hubby's bacon?  I still haven't heard the end of the $1 charge that never materialized.  Take it from us if you want your fries skinny, you have to ask because they're not going out of their way to clarify your desires.
4	The food is incredible- I had the strawberry shake,fat fries, and veggie burger. It's always packed! Definitely worth the wait.
4	This place is great.  Open 24 hours,  they welcome all sorts of fun ppl just looking to have a good time and don't want the party/good times to stop while grabbing a bite.The staff here are fun and hilarious, from cashier, to ppl serving food, to ppl calling out orders.Had a laugh w/the cashier, the lady calling out the orders wouldn't let me have my food unless  I yelled my order out or yelled where I was from, lol.  Lucky I had all my friends w/me to give a shout out to OC, represent!  Customers made the wait fun! The wait's kinda long, but like I said the staff and customers make it fun.  Thumbs up for ppl who love what they do!
5	What burger eater doesn't enjoy a big messy Fatburger?!?The burgers are cooked to order and offered in a bunch of different sizes with different topping options too.  Probably one of my favorite drunk food choices on the strip.  (kinda hard to get to tho, if I can remember right). This spot is open 24 hours and every time I've been, it's been filled with a bunch of drunk customers and funny burger flippers.Throw a fried egg on my XXL burger with a side of Fat Fries and I wont need to eat for the rest of the day!
4	24 hour burgers on the strip.  This was my first Fatburger experience and I got to say that they have a good thing going.  I would put them above most fast food spots, but I don't think they top in n out.  I love the fact that you can get steak fries (the best choice), but the regular fries are better than average as well.  Generally you have to decide how much meat you want and that will determine the cost and size of your burger (they also have some other meat choices as well).  They have other toppings too, which actually makes their burgers somewhat customizable.  I seem to remember even getting asked what type of cheese I wanted?!?!? Bring on the cheese choice revolution.I found the prices reasonable for LV strip, and the wait (at 1:00p on a weekday) was about 25 minutes.  Don't expect a seat though, as the dining area was pretty crowded the whole time I was there and it almost certainly is worse at night.I didn't find the staff to be *fun* like other reviewers did, but they were certainly doing their job and that is all I really ask of anybody.I imagine if you show up at night you need to be prepared for a totally different scene that is less focused on the food and more on finding something to soak up all that margarita by the yard or random neon colored alcohol beverage.  I may visit at night just to see what the spectacle looks (and also 24 hours, relatively quick is better than almost every other option out there)
3	Need some grease and a cheaper option on the strip?  You need to try a Fatburger!  They have really fresh ingredients for a fast food joint.  They have some decent milkshakes as well.  There are a plethora of options that you can add to your burger as well.  Check out the menu and mix and match something that would fit you!Don't waste your time in McD's or any of the other fast food places.  The only fast food restaurant I'd recommend in Vegas is In N Out but that's off the strip.
4	"Brunched" at FatBurger after a late start to the day (who the hell is waking up early in Vegas anyway?!).  FATBURGER!!!  YUMMMMMYYYY!!!!I remember ordering and the cashier suggesting I go all the way after I mentioned that I didn't want relish on my burger.  Thank you, Mr. Cashier!  The flavors on this "fast-food" burger go together like crazy!  The burgers are grilled to order and all of the toppings are fresh - probably because nothing gets a chance to sit around here.  The joint is jumping, we could barely find seats!But back to the burger.  Just so fresh....and tasty......and not fast-foody, unsure of the meat species at all!  Fatburger is definitely all beef all the time.And PLEASE don't get me started on the skinny chili cheese fries.  OMGeee!!!  I'm about to go on record as saying they were the best I've ever had...  At least definitely in recent memory.  Deliciously tart lemonade too.  Mmmm!!!Dernit, now I've gotta make my way down to the one on South Beach.  Excuse me for a moment...
5	They're open 24 hours for a reason: it's the best burger on the Strip morning, noon, and night. Fresh burger patties, fresh toppings, and great service. Every time I'm in Vegas, I make sure to get me a Fat Burger! :D
4	OK, So you know how you go to a fast food joint and the burgers on the menu behind the counter are shown all nice and big and juicy, but when you order it, it turns out to be an overcooked, undersized, nothing remotely close to a sandwich even worthy of being called a reasonable facsimile thereof? Well, Fattburger has mastered this process...inversely. The picture on the menu did not even begin to do justice to the mammoth, gigantic, huge, swollen, bloated mass of beef served greasily to me between the two unfortunate slices of bun forced to bear the weight of this thing. To make matters worse (or better, depending on one's POV), I had an additional patty, avocado and bacon added to the behemoth. The ride back to the hotel was arduous. The aroma of the fried beast filled the car, beckoning to my hunger to stagger at the next red light and take a large bite from this beefy buffet. Wisdom prevailed, however, as I knew that once the beast was unleashed, it would go neither quietly nor cleanly back into its now saturated paper encasing. Must hurry. Barely, but successfully, I transported the package to my room, bag intact, where it was stripped down to its full, naked, delicious elegance. At last, we are alone, you and I. Come. With all my hunger, I was still not able to finish. "Fatt" does NOT accurately describe the girth of this burger. Try as I might, a happy plate (bag rather) was not to be. Stomach capacity exceeded. Digestion activated. Food coma eminent. Not to worry. With a refrigerator and microwave readily available, we shall meet again very soon. Abdominal pain setting in. Oh Lord, please let me make it thru the night. If you find yourself in Vegas, be sure to treat yourself to a Fattburger. I warn you, though. Do not underestimate this sandwich, for it is Fatter than its Fatt namesake. Also, I don't recommend more than one within a six month period. Your heart and grandkids will thank you. "S"
5	Fat burger is hands down the best fast food burger I have ever eaten.  The quality of beef paired with the perfect combination of condiments makes fat burger a necessity on every Vegas trip.  I suggest at least a double burger with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg.  It's my belief that lettuce has no business on a burger but get it with everything else.  If you follow these instructions and are disappointed you may want to set yourself an appointment with a psychiatrist you just might be crazy.
3	It's just a burger(I had turkey)...made to order, which is a little different for fast-food. Either than that I see no difference from Nations, Mickey D's, Burger King etc.Yea I'll suggest it, but it won't be my first choice.
4	While in Vegas, I ate Fatburger 4 times.....my heart still hurts. Looking back on it, it was totally worth it. The only thing I can say is that the burgers are freaking slamming, especially after having some beer flavored drinks. The burgers range all the way from medium to XXXL and I went with a medium every single time (make fun of me if you want). If you are feeling tough, go ahead and get the XXXL. My buddy did it and almost died on the spot from cholesterol overload...but he did say it was freaking awesome. Overall it's a slam dunk for fast food and maybe the sloppiest/greatest burger I've had....while in Vegas. BOoM!
3	It was cool....expensive because it was on the strip...I was still on from the bottle service we had that night (we went to fatburger at 3am) so my review isn't 100% clear hahahaha. But anyway, it was cool food, got the smallest burger and it was literally small lol! I'll be back, when I'm sober :)
4	Had this during my last day in Vegas.  It was the best hungover meal ever! I had the medium burger and the onion rings.  The bad part about this place, the wait is kinda long and the workers yell really loud.  Not really cool when you've partied too hard the night before and you just want to enjoy your meal in peace. haha
3	Hubby is originally from Southern California and absolutely loves Fatburger and since there aren't any close to where we live in the Bay he had to visit Fatburger on the strip while we were in Vegas. When we entered we noticed how small the space is and how you just know it is not clean. Mt husband ordered a fat king burger with egg and since I was not hungry I decided not to place an order. There was not very many people in the restaurant but it did take a little while for the food because the food is made to order. While we were waiting we met a very nice lady from Utah who was with her family. It is the typical fast food burger joint that has a lot a kids working. 3 stars because my husband's burger was pretty good and typical of Fatburger. I bet we will be back when we visit Vegas again.
3	i really liked fatburger for burgers. they were good burgers but i'm only giving it 3 stars. i prefer five guys and give them 4 stars so i have to give them 1 less. its a burger so nothing too special but still a good burger. nothing else really to say about it
2	This place is definitely not as great as everyone makes it seem.I would choose In and Out Burger ANYDAY. The burgers are extremely small for their price. It was almost $5 for a small burger that was the size of a microwavable burger you would get at AMPM. I was soooo disappointed when my guy friends ordered and ate the entire thing in about 3 bites. I had ordered the medium sized meal for a little over $10 and that included a burger twice the size as the small (yet about the same size of a regular in and out burger), steak fries and a medium drink. This was by far the most expensive fast food that I have ever purchased and tasted like I could get it at my neighbor's BBQ next week. They did not have any special sauces so I was bewildered to see how this was considered a top place to go to late at night. Particularly because there is a McDonald's next door and dollar menu was looking mighty fine after this disheartening meal. If you wanna save some money as well as have a good meal, I'd suggest you walk 10 feet away to the Mcdonald's next door and have a feast.
4	Sooo delicious. Nom nom nom. Comes in tiny to super large portions. Do you know how cute a tiny hamburger bun is? I do. It's adorable. This food was what I needed after drinking so much.The guy at the counter was super fast and focused. Not something you see much these days. I'd say fair prices considering where you are. Beware of the bathrooms. Vegetarian burgers are an option.
5	MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMYummy in my mutha effin' tummy!Got the medium sized burger no lettuce no tomatoes..BOMB.COMAlso got some onion rangs and ranch to add with the fries..I'm getting hungry again. (They need to season up the fries a bit more though. VERY plain.) But, overall..good place to eat after some drinkin' :D
5	We happened to notice Fatburger when going down the Vegas strip.  There aren't any near where I live so I was happy to give it a try. I was happy I did. I had a KingBurger with everything on it and a side of homemade onion rings. The burger was awesome. Big...Juicy...Messy....Perfect!!!  The onion rings were great too.
5	This place is awesome! Loved the MEDIUM size burger with the fries. Believe me the medium is big enough... My friend got the XL burger & she was waaaay overwhelmed it was waaaay too big. The medium is perfect, about the size of a whopper junior at BK. it was really good. And the lemonade is bomb. Cool motown music blasting 4:00am on the strip, this is a cool place:)
4	We pulled up to the front of Fatburger and there was only 4 parking spaces which were like 15 minute zones. As there was a security guard watching the place, I asked her if we could park there and she said go right ahead.Anyway, I went in to order some take out and I picked out a Large Fatburger. The menu was easy to understand and when I got my food it tasted great.I'll be back for some more the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
4	Came here @ midnight and was craving a hamburger, got the medium combo deal and it hit the spot, even though the burger had "the works", it wasn't as loaded as I would have expected but a great way to get a quick meal on the strip 24/7
3	Fatburger provides a solid quick-service style burger open 24 hours on the Strip right across the street from the Monte Carlo. When I went there you could choose from small through XXXL for the burger size. I heard from a friend that their used to be only 3 sizes. I think that kind of simplicity would have be nice since I was quite baffled about which size to order. The burgers are all cooked to order which is nice but may cause a little bit of a wait. Cheese, chili, bacon, and egg are all chargable upgrades for the burger while other condiments are available for no additional charge. I was talked into the medium size burger. I added cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. It was too big. I got to the awkward point in my meal where I was satisfied to be done eating but only had a little bit of burger to go. I decided to avoid feeling the gut bomb and just tossed it. Along with my burger I ordered the skinny fries which turned out were not really all that skinny. I mean, they were pretty much standard size fries. I think I would have been better off if I topped them with chili or ordered the fat fries or onion rings instead. Lesson learned.All in all, it is a decent option for late night eats. Especially if you want to avoid the more notorious fast food burgers, and of course, you have at least $10 to burn on a quick bite.
5	Delicious!  Might put a small dent in your wallet, but if your in las Vegas your not going to mind too much!  Ask for cheese!
4	I liken Fatburger to a more indulgent In-N-Out. It's fresh made-to-order burgers kicked up a notch (i.e. fat). Firstly, how do you pass by a place called Fatburger and not be curious? Needing a quick sustenance snack, I stopped in to find burgers ranging from Small to XXXL. "Ummm yes I would like a small please." Many have tried to finish the XXXL in one sitting I was told by my enthusiastic cashier. How could they? It's the size of a baby's head! The slightly larger than a slider Small Fatburger was more than enough for my snack. It was juicy and I love that you know it was made fresh and cooked on the flattop right after I ordered it. If you're wandering along the strip, especially late at night, you might want to pop by Fatburger if you're looking for some nosh. Heck go buck wild and add bacon, cheese, and a fried egg while you're at it.
5	Fatburger--or more specifically, Kingburger--I am coming back to Vegas to eat you! And I am adding bacon and cheese and homemade onion rings to your 8 ounces of juicy, fat deliciousness too. Nine years it's been since I had the biggest, juiciest fast food burger ever. And just for the record: Fatburger kicks In-N-Out to the curb!
2	Good concept and nice menu set up, just wish the quality of the food had been a little better. The burgers were alright but nothing special. They were a bit dry and not too flavorful but the toppings I picked helped make up for it. I topped my medium sized burger with cheese, bacon, an egg, and the obligate onions/lettuce/mayo combo. I absolutely LOVE getting a fried egg on my burger because it adds a nice rich creaminess to the experience. I was underwhelmed with the toppings offered but the standards they do offer (and the fried egg, of course) will be enough for most people. I tried their skinny fries but felt they were bland and boring, and I wasn't into their super thick onion rings either. If I were to go to Fatburger again I'd probably try their dogs or chicken sandwiches just to see how they stack up but I think if you're in a pinch and hungry late at night while passing by, it would be worth it to grab something here.Though you are in Vegas, so if you're not too intoxicated or tired to walk a little farther then you'll probably find better options within a block.
4	Great price and value for their food. Their burgers are tasty and you can customize them any way you want. Their chili-cheese fries are awesome as well. Are open all night which is a good bonus. Friendly staff as well. Would recommend to anyone looking to crash a food stop on the strip.
4	Amazing customer service!!!! The people are so nice!!! And the burgers are a great way to fill your tummy!
5	Love Fatburger, service was great.. just like other parts of the strip it is crowded and loud but the food is great.
4	A bit on the expensive side for a fast food place, but the quality of food makes up for it if you aren't a fan of McJunk (and I am not).  After a night out at the clubs, or working dealing with all of the myriad people out at night, sometimes one has to tear into something as substantial as a XXL to make it all worthwhile.  The burgers are good and made to order, the shakes are decent (I like the Maui banana the best), and nothing tops off a giant meal like fat fries (eat them quickly as they are best while hot).
3	Just OK. I think it is a little bit pricy for the quality. It reminds me of an expensive In-N-Out. I liked the topping choices, and I liked the fry choices. I had a medium burger and fat fries! Wait time was a little long for a dead afternoon, but the burger was satisfying.
4	Burger with tasty smoky grilled flavor and choice of toppings. May order different weight patties. Really enjoyed the crispy outside, soft inside "fat" fries (similar to steak fries). The"skinny" fries tasted like McD's if you prefer. The lemonade was made from real lemons with pulp in the tart and sweet drink. Only negative was the price (reason for 4 rather than 5 stars), but this Fatburger is on the Las Vegas Strip, so bet less expensive at other sites.
5	Always a burger favorite! Good juicy burgers with all the favorite trimmings!! Oreo cookie shakes are a favorite as well! Soooooo much better than In n Out!
5	One of the best burgers I've ever eaten.  I must admit.. I was in Vegas and a bit under the influence!  I decided to take on the XXXL Challenge and demolished the burger.  I am now 'King of All Carnivores", or in other words The Burger King.Grab yourself a FAT BURGER.
3	Really? You are charging this much for a burger & drink?Okay, they are open 24 hours...that is cool.  Okay, you do have a nice bar set up outside...this is cool also, even for a person that does not drink such as myself.  Yet, your prices are crack head crazy!I must admit, the burger is not already made, already pressed meat filler substance that most chain restaurants serves you.  You had real beef on your metal tray, and you can taste the difference.  The strawberry banana shake, and the chocolate banana shake was both awesome.  Fresh ingredients in those most definitely, which you verified by not having all the banana completely shaken in your shake.  Yet, you charge for everything.  You want both buns, another 50 cents. Cheese is $1, straw for your shake is $1, use the restroom is $1, and looking in the direction of the bathroom is 50 cents.  They made sure to have some of the decorum in a retro style diner set up, which was nice for nostalgia sake.All in all, I think you should try this place at least once just to form your own opinions, but I know that my wallet will rarely make my way to this place, ESPECIALLY CONSIDERING that there are buffets that cost about the same price as a cheeseburger combo with the works!
5	I went to Fatburger in Las Vegas late one night. I was expecting typical diner food. I did not feel like a beef burger, so I ordered the turkey burger.  I swear I heard trumpets and caught a glimpse of heaven when I bit into this burger. The burger was huge, however after the first bite it rapidly disappeared. The best turkey burger ever.I'm happy to learn there is a Fatburger about an hour from me. I hope their turkey burger is good as the one in Vegas.
4	They seriously have the best buffalo chicken sandwich I have ever tasted! Fresh veggies, delicious sauces and thick hunks of meat all on a butter-toasted bun for a reasonable $5.60 plus tax. I would have given this five stars, but the service was pretty poor. All the same, I still recommend this place over the McDonalds next door.
4	Sure this review is from a very blurry 2:00 a.m. need of food on the strip. But come to think of it that is most my reviews from Vegas. I have come here everytime I go to Vegas. I have never had a bad burger or fries. Yes It's a little more pricey then typical chain burger joints. But when in need a food 24 hour Fat Burger is worth it. I loved the add of the outdoor seating area/bar. I will be back again for sure.
3	Now they have an open bar outside with waiting service. Big change with last year, changes inside too with the seating. Good thing is it's 24/7. I remember it tasted better years ago. Now it's just like any other place. First time eating since 2008.
5	This place is great!  The outside bar is fun and right on the strip so entertainment all day and night.  Bartenders are amazingly cool.  Ask for Meg she is great!
3	I wanted to try a different burger joint from In N Out. I ordered 3 Fatburgers (1 small & 2 medium), 2 fries and 1 onion rings. It cost me about $30 ( TOO EXPENSIVE! ). The small Fatburger was very small similar to a slider burger size. The medium sized burger was a good size but not for $6. The burger had onions, mustard, mayonaisse, relish, pickles, etc. I tasted most of the pickles due to its saltiness. I didn't like their fries at all, it was very bland. But the batter on their onion rings was delicious.I would choose In N Out than FatBurger next time.
1	GROOOOSSSSS!!!! IDK how do people actually enjoy their burgers :X *BarfThe only reason why I THINK people go here is because their open 24 hours serving disgusting burgers... Roaming around the strip drunk in the am anything sounds/taste delicious right?! WRONG!!!! By the time it was 6am in Vegas i was seriously craving for a mchicken across the street after EDC but little did my idiotic brain knew that mcd was serving breakfast :(( booo! so we opted to go to fatburger since we were all craving for "burgers" We waited in line looking at their menu and decided to go w/ their medium burger. The employee who took my order not only was falling asleeep on me, she asked me for my order 3x's and not only was she confused I WAS CONFUSED!! i was not frustrated at all although i was drunk ordering my food, i felt bad cause she told me she was working a long shift and she couldn't wait to go home... When i got my order i asked for ketchup and she told me they didn't have any?! what the f****** what kind of burger joint doesn't have any ketchup?! s0o i asked another employee and he actually gave me some.. lol When we got back into our hotel i opened my burger with excitement ready to devour that sh*t and the burger was cold and soft... disgusting and it tasted to PLAIN. i opened my bun and there WAS NO KETCHUP OR ANYTHING..... Was i suppose to order a burger w/ ketchup?! i thought it usually comes w/ condiments w/o being said?! You don't go to mcd and burger king ordering a burger and say "Oh don't foget the ketchup, pickles, mustard, and onions" -___-
5	Killer burgers! Not cheap, but the best fast food burger around, I prefer it to In n Out. Real ice cream milkshakes as well, that are excellent. They have added an outdoor patio/bar  for the strip location- now its even better!
4	Veggie Burger in Vegas! For vegetarians on the Vegas strip, this is a good pick! Being an Ovo-Lacto veg head I had the veggie burger with cheese and a fried egg. Messy as hell and good as shit! (that's a compliment) My friends liked the regular burgers, the only "meh" to be heard was for the chicken strips. The staff was excellent. We had a group of about fifteen and the service was great. Outdoor seating with misting to keep it cool. Wish we had them in Atlanta!
3	I went to Vegas hell-bent on trying different burger places.  I got to the strip at about 2am and FatBurger was right there so I had to try it.  I had found memories of it from 8-years ago so I had to go and re-live it again.First Impressions:I have to say the Late night service kind blows. Took 15 mins to get my order. Food came out in about 5 though. I guess this is how I remembered it.  The cashier took a long time doodling with the register, guest who had already been helped were coming back and trying to add things on or make changes.  It was a cluster F.It took me 20 mins to get 2-small burger meals with drinks.  That irritated me but I was hungry.On Second Look:In my humble opinion, a good burger isn't defined by its gimmick or cult following - but rather it's patty.  This burger's patty was delicious and it complimented the rest of the crap on there.  The mayo and juices were flowing and got me to forget about the sub-par service I got while waiting for it.  I think it's whack that you have to pay extra for cheese, but hey this is America.  The burger is better than the service.  Go there if you're hungry and want to grub out, but don't plan a trip around it.  They also have an outside bar now which is kind of lame.
5	So I love the fatburgers in Cali, but this one is 24 hours and has an outdoor bar with misters to beat the LV heat. I ate here twice in 3 days. And even better, you can take your beer down the strip with you. Love this town. Indoor and Outdoor seating.
1	Worst Fatburger ever.Honestly, it took about 30 mins to get 2 milkshakes.A lot of the customers in the restaurant seemed unhappy with their service.I get that it was 1am at night, but it took over 3 mins for me to pay with a credit card.I love the Fatburger franchise, but this location does it shame.
2	Well the burger tasted just like a BigMac and they just had one server for about 100 guests so the service was very slow even though 3 guys (i guess securities or managers walked around several times) Poor girl. Better spend your money at In-N-Out
1	Don't bother with this place...  Worst experience ever.The choice was McDonald's or Fat Burger,  My wife and I decided to try this place more so because McDonald's was crowded and we also wanted to sit down and enjoy a drink or two :)We walked in bar area and were told by one of the guys cleaning the tables that we could sit at any of the table and order our food and drink there.  Well we waited and waited and we waited a bit more... The lady servers kept ignoring us and a few other people sitting at the other tables... We waited around  30 minutes or moreIn the end our patience ran out and we walked out... As we left two young ladies were handing out coupons to people passing by to get them to go in.... Really why... You could not take care of customers who were actually there...  The good news is we did not waste our money on this dive and found a place that served just what we wanted.. sadly no drinks... but awesome customer service... Check out my review on that place and give this dump a miss.
4	We got into a taxi before 4 am and asked to take us somewhere that was open for food. Our taxi driver was pretty useless. I know there was a Fatburger across from our hotel (Aria) so directed idiot driver there. There was no line and we placed our orders. A medium burger for me and I splurged on onion rings. Our food was cooked in a reasonable amount of time. Our to go bags were filled with napkins and ketchup.my burger was very good and I LOVED all the toppings. I was skeptical of yellow onion rings as I'mused to closer to orange form heavy batter and deep frying. Lightly battered and good.And this place is 24 hours. And the employee danced for us while handing us our food. Service and entertainment!PS: Get the coupon for $5 off a huge slushie. And Sundays / Mondays during football, supposedly $22 unlimited beer and a basket of wings.
5	Cheap cocktails, pretty strong too, and great greasy goodness they call burgers and wings and stuff....They always have great music playing so vibing with this spot ain't hard. It's down to earth and you get to watch the strip crowd while downing a bloody Mary at their Fat Bar. Their souvenir alcoholic slushy containers are longer than a bong.
4	Another one of my go to fast food restaurants in Las Vegas. I haven't been to this location for years but it was delicious, especially after a night of booze. Fat burger with cheese and fries, we skipped the shake this time but they are yummy. Staff was friendly. Prices of course are higher since it's on The Strip. Bathroom was surprisingly clean for a Friday night. (lol).
4	Better than the other burgers I'd tried in Vegas, pretty reasonable prices too.
1	I hope there was something less than a 1 star rating.WASTE OF MONEY, STAY OUT OF IT......!!!!we spend $70 dlls. on hamburgers (5 people), $70 dollars for food for 5 is nothing, specially at Vegas, but when you just throw your money down the drain, to me that's a fortune,even the $1 cheap Mcdonald's burgers are way better that those served at this location, DRY and COLD buns, flavor-less patty's, COLD onion rings, lousy service, orders taken  wrongly after a 40 mins waiting, no soda refills offered, it took another 20 mins.at the end just to get the tab.............MY TIP:............$ .000000 of a pennythe place wasn't even full, so that is not an excuse, it is on a great location on the strip,tables and bar to eat ouside but not even that saves the experience.AGAIN, STAY OUT OF IT.......................
4	This place is open way past 9pm.  In fact I think it's 24 hours.  I just know my receipt says 345am.  MAYBE because it was a weekend.  Okay now to the nitty gritty.  Have you ever had a fatburger before? Okay remember this IS a chain...so that means the burgers whether in NYC, LA, Dtown, MIA or Vegas...they WILL taste the same and NO you are NOT missing anything by waiting to go back home.  The service...ONE guy was really nice and chipper and we waited too long to decide what we wanted so the other guy took care of us and well he was long overdue going home it seems.Yes the burgers are pricey, and what puts this place over the 3 stars is the FULL bar! FULL BAR AND BURGERS! and  they are not skimpy with the pour on that liquor! so 4 stars because it's a decent burger, it's open at and indecent time and you have a full bar in a cool outdoor atmosphere RIGHT on the strip! Nice to be out and in the mix.
1	I love Fatburger but Be carefull at the Las vegas Strip Fat Burger keep you reciept the employees are scamming customers. I was charged an extra $2.00 to my credit card without my authurization. My friend was charged $9.00 more to her credit card. At the the end of the day I bet the make some serious cash by all the people they rip off. Again keep your recipt. I hope they do something about this but I doubt it....
1	Never again! I enjoy Fatburger as a chain but the one on the strip (not so much) as it does not have the same values as the ones in LA. The customer service is horrible and the wait time is unrealistic. The burger was not good, the credit card machine didn't work and the food again taste more like they cooked it and had it waiting for prep only. My review is only based on this one location in Vegas not the chain, I am a Raving Fan and will contine to enjoy Fat Burgers in LA.
4	the burgers here are really good. Everything is made to order and comes to the table hot and fresh. They did some renovations to this location and that may explain their prices. The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because of the price. If you buy two combo meals the price will run you close to $30.
3	Not a bad place overall. I think the burgers are just as good as anybody can make them. It doesn't take a scientist to make a burger. I do like that it's made from sratch and stuff. You get to pick your own topings and stuff. I think it was like $1.00 for cheese.I didn't have a beer or booze, it was all food. It's pricey because of the location, but it's not going to cost you an arm and a leg. So if you really are in a need for a burger, and your on the stripe, I guess this is the place to go to, that or Denny's.
3	I like Fatburger, usually. I walked down the strip and was accosted by people handing out cards - buy one drink, get one free. Sounds good, right? I go inside to order my burger, and try to order my drafts (the tap is right next to the cash register). She tells me I have to go outside to the bar to order the drinks. Whatever. So I go outside. I try and order two shock tops. No deal. She says the second draft has to be a domestic. I remind her it's made in America. Still no deal. I look at the card and it says nothing about this. So, I'm forced to order a bud light to comply with their unwritten policy. I like the food, but hate having to jump through hoops just to claim an offer they're handing out. Fix the service, and I'm happy.
3	Wow. We opted to go to Fatburger on a Monday night INSTEAD of going to a strip club. This has to say something about the draw of their 'cuisine' here. Perhaps it's sprinkled with a ghetto-fabulous dust that has the same addictive qualities as coke (I believe this dust is sodium and lard-based).For the two of us, we ordered about 60 dollars worth of food. The food isn't good, but if you feel the craving of a pregnant lady itching inside you for fried and greasy food that will probably dissipate the moment holy water ever touched it, this is your place. We went around 3am and it was still open, so yay for the hours.I got some oreo shake concoction, and it was so thick that when I turned my cup upside-down, the shake was still in place; not one drop leaked out of the cup.We ordered the chicken burger, 2 other burgers with assorted toppings, hotdog, chili fries, onion rings, beer (from outside), and the shake. After all, we had a checklist for things to do while in Vegas, and our list was basically a list of the 7 sins. Gluttony, check.It was all very wrong, but felt so right.
4	Eat here every time I'm in Vegas and love it.  Service has always been great and so has the food.  Expect to pay twice as much as In and Out.  Love the new renovations with the bar outside, it worked perfect for my son (17) and I so we could people watch on the strip and I could have a beer without the hassle of his age.  I love In and Out and Fuddruckers also but this is a different type of burger joint.  Can't wait til the next trip!
4	Arrived here at around 6:30am..ish..and they're open 24/7.Feet were dead! But, had to come here and get some grub after Drai's. Although I was exhausted out of my mind, the workers kept me laughing. For being so early in the morning, they all had so much energy! All young cats too. All happy, joking with each other, being silly..I loved it!It brings a great atmosphere to the place. Ordered me a medium with cheese..bf got the XXL with cheese and bacon. Also got a side of onion rangs..mm :] Asked for ranch, and they gave us the Hidden Valley. BEST RANCH EVERRR! Onion rings=amazing.Burger=Delicious.
2	Really just made me wish we had an auto vehicle and could sputter to an off-the-strip In-N-Out.Watching football on a breezy patio was a nice alternative to the smoke-infested sports books, though.
4	Yea...we need to eat @ 4am...biotches.....bahhahhaa and now they have a bar....whhooo knew..with fatburger beer!! Whhhat what!!??
1	Worst service ever! brought the burger no fries...didn't care. Sent back the entire meal and no manager. waiter didnt even offer to bring me a new meal. Will go to McDonalds or In n Out next time.
3	Nothing too impressive. Burgers were pretty decent, but not out if this world. Onion rings were good. Price was expensive for what it was, in Vegas.
3	Large burgers, joyous for very late nights.
2	Average Fatburger on the Vegas Strip. The only thing I liked was the outdoor patio that looked out to the strip and the space heaters to keep us toasty during the winter months. I'm not a fan of the service though. It seemed like the waitress was bitching at all her customers and basically encouraging them to leave. I'd come back for food or drinks but hopefully on a day that service is better.
1	Wow, what a rip off. I recently went here during my visit to Vegas. If you want to pay an outrageous price for a "Fatburger" then this is the place for you. I walked out of there with a bill of $50 for 3 cheeseburgers and a greasy hot dog. The lady at the register had an attitude and i think that those prices should provide better customer service. Will never go there again. It truly is nothing special and definitely NOT worth the price!
4	The burger was absolutely delicious and just what we wanted after partying all night on the strip. I had a medium size burger with Bacon and an egg and my forbids thought I was in heaven. The deliciousness may have been a result of our slight intoxication, but regardless the burger hit the spot. The servers were really friendly too. At one point a worker came over and put our trash away for us. My only gripe is that you have to pay a dollar for cheese. Cmon, cheese is a given nowadays. Oh, and we thought it was closed for a sec, the Windows are extremely.dark.
4	This is funny and the truth...I don't remember eating here. That kinda says it all doesn't it? Viva Las Vegas!!!
4	This is my favorite Burger 'joint' in Vegas. I prefer it over In-and-Out, I havent tried GR's BRGR yet but plan on it next week! Fatburger is one of those places that just tastes great along with their fried. This year when we went, they added a FATBAR which has an outdoro bar, outdoor seating and table service instead of the inside, where you place your order after waiting in line and what not. the inside portion still exists but the outside is a very nice new add on. Love the burgers and love the 24 hours! try to eat there 2-3 times in my 5 day stays!
4	I was recently in Vegas for a week for business, and found myself needing to do lunch on the first day there. I have a thing about hotel food (don't), so I yelped to see what was around.  And lo and behold....RIGHT across the street from the Aria shows a Fatburger!  Hadn't eaten at one of these since I moved from LA, so off I went.Typical setup - stand in line to order, get a #, go sit and wait.  But....the ordering....ahh.....first, a REAL burger, cooked to your specs.  Choice of size.  Choice of REAL cheese.  Choice of bacon.  Choice after choice after choice.  You know...like a REAL burger place (kinda knocks In-N-Out out of the category). Ordered the basic burger w/swiss and bacon (I know, I know...that's so unlike me...(cough)), along with a small fries and a diet coke.Received my meal about ten minutes later...and it was JUST like I remembered them...divine.  Definitely recommended!!
4	One of my first stops every time I'm in Vegas.   It's one of my favorite burgers anywhere and the chain hasn't made it to my corner of the world yet.   Since my last visit - they have expanded to add the "Fat Bar" - which provides the same great food in a patio bar out front of the restaurant.  The only thing better than a Fat Burger is washing it down with a nice beer.   After a little taste testing - I've decided I like the skinny fries better than the fat (wedge) fries.  See you next time Fatburger!
3	Old fashion burgers, fries and milk shakes. Remodeled venue. You can eat inside at the high stool bar, tables or outside with the flaming heat lamps.
4	Burgers for breakfast? Why not? We came to Fatburger on our last day in Vegas and since we had nothing else to do, we came early (around 10:30 or so?)  My friend had been itching for a Fatburger the entire time we were there, so we walked on over. Our order consisted of a veggie burger, cheese burger, and a side of skinny fries. I'm glad we shared the fries because there were a *lot*. The veggie patty was great, one of the better ones I've had. I have to say though, what really made this burger for me was that it tasted *just* like a McD's Big Mac... something I haven't had in years since I refuse to go there anymore. I do really like Big Macs though and this was definitely up there on awesome taste.
4	Headline: They have 4 burger sizes. Mine, the "XL," was a half-pound wonder that pales in comparison to its bigger brothers--the XXL and XXXL. Tasty seared burgers with crisp edges. Extra-wide buns. Topped to your liking. WARNING: Don't go here thinking that you'll save some money on your Vegas dining budget by "just grabbing a burger" for dinner. A half-pound cheeseburger, fries, and soft drink totaled $19 BEFORE tip.
2	its onle 2 stars because i ate breakfast.... lunch would have been better
5	We need more of these in the East!
1	The service is horrible.  I go in and sit down at a table.. I am not only completely ignored for about 10minutes, but the next people to come in get service immediately.  Many employees passed by my table and did not acknowledge me or take my order or welcome me to the restaurant.  The guy cleaning off tables looked pissed off and did not bother to conceal his attitude. I go up to the waitstaff at their little section to get a refill and one of them looks right at me, then turns to her buddy and pretends I don't exist.Go here if you like breathing in second hand smoke while you eat.  Go here to get pointedly ignored by rude waitresses.  Go here to never get a refill on your drink.  Go here for mediocre food.TERRIBLE.
1	This is only my second yelp review. I only write them when I have a very noteworthy experience so believe me when I say this was one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. To keep it simple Ill just bullet point my experience below.  1.Walked in for breakfast. Saw an employee sitting at a booth eating McDonald's breakfast.  See four other employees standing doing nothing. 2.Looked at menu and ordered breakfast burrito and side of ham steak, listed on menu for 3 dollars.  3.Told they don't carry ham steak.  4.Change it to bacon. Ask about what the "bread basket" for 10dollars is.  Told they only have English muffins now. The rest didn't sell we'll.  5.Finish order and choose to eat outside. Proceed to walk past the employee sitting at the bar drinking beer and watching basketball.  6.Wait for 20 minutes for my breakfast burrito.  7.Look around at the restaurant where no food is being delivered during the 20 minutes. 8.Begin to breathe smoke as employee drinking beer at bar decides to light up cigarette.  9.Wait 15 more minutes for food, only being asked how I'm doing once.  10.Get food, which was fine. Just ok.  11.Watch another employee behind bar texting her BFF or something. Had to get up and ask for silverware. Was pointed to where I could get it myself.  12.Finished food, getting asked by what looked like the janitor (he had been cleaning the metal around the bar, sweeping, etc.) how my meal was. Was tempted to leave him the tip instead.  13.Walked out without tipping and wrote yelp review, then wrote fat burger Vegas off my list.  I suggest you skip steps 1-12 above and start right at step 13.
4	It's The Strip. Everything is served with alcohol, overpriced, and over-the-top. Can't say that this place is an exception to this unwritten rule.First off, it's a Fatburger with a bar -- an outdoor bar. I would have never guessed you could get fat AND drunk here.Secondly, the burgers here are massive and come in four sizes: L, XL, XXL, and XXXL. I had the XXL, which was $11 without a drink and fries -- if you want a small combo, you'll have to pay an additional $6 for that. I guess rent here is that ridiculous. They even have a food challenge here. I can't remember the deets, but the XXL was large enough for me. I couldn't take on the XXXXL (or whatever it was) Challenge.The meat was nice and juicy and flavorful, something we don't see much in Ohio with burger chains. As I suggested earlier, everything is MASSIVE. One burger and a cup for tap water should be enough, but if you insist on the fries keep in mind that your wallet is going to feel much lighter after you eat. With many burgers this size, I think to myself "do I have to finish this?", but not here.While I have a beef to pick with the prices here, I will be coming back my next trip to Vegas.
5	BEST burgers, FANTASTIC atmosphere, PHENOMENAL shakes and fries. We went three times, morning, afternoon, and middle of the night, and we were impressed every time. So much better than In-N-Out that the two cannot be compared. This food is one of the things I miss most about Las Vegas.
4	It was FatBurger. What u think??? 1 * 2 * 3 * 4 *
2	Not that great. I felt this place was a MAJOR let down. It was 23 dollars for two dry burgers and fries. They got my order wrong too. I'm only giving two stars because the fat fries were okay enough, even they didn't have much flavor. Wishing we went to Subway or McDonalds  instead. But at least we tried it ourselves.
3	Burger is expensive for what you get. I do like that it is all hand made. The smallest size they have is about the size of a slider. Everything together was pretty decent.  You can have the onions grilled or however you choose which is really cool. Would I try it again? Not really. I would prefer a different burger join of cheaper price. But if friends wanted to go eat it, I would be glad to go eat it.
4	Last night in Vegas and I wanted to eat something that I could enjoy. This place was a little pricey, but the burger was great. It was huge and made fresh, as well as the fries. The burger could of used some kind of flavoring or some seasoning, it had that flavor of being cooked at home on the stove taste to it. But other than that it was pretty good.
3	Good but they need to add a little more seasoning. Very bland.  The best place we had the 4 nights we where there.
4	The evening walk down Vegas strip made us hungry and we seen a Fatburger. We sat down at a high bar table and no one came to our table to take our order so we went up to cashier and placed an order. When the food arrived the burgers were cooked to our preference. The burgers were huge and made neatly. We would go here again for anoth4r burger.
4	Really nice food and great service. Cool environment and not that pricey at all.
5	My first time eating Fat Burger and i must say i am impressed. Burger and fries were awesome. Definitely enough to share!
4	Best burger! Added patio with dj and Gogo dancers at night-the water misters outside are nice in the heat
4	This was a fun outing our first night out in Vegas.  Great prices on beers and burgers.  A great place for a fun night with friends.  Service was friendly and the ambiance is fun and relaxed.  Highly recommended for an informal night out!
3	Just average I would say, a bit pricey drinks are nothing special. The burger was big and portions sizes fine.
2	We were in Las Vegas last week and went to Fatburger 2 separate times.  On the 1st visit we had a burger and fries. While both were good, they really were nothing special. If anything the meat was slightly on the dry side.On our last morning is Vegas we went for breakfast. I had eggs potatoes and toast.  The eggs were very much undercooked, barely enough to not turn them back in.Potatoes were very good.
1	Not that great of a burger spot, maybe it was because I'm sober and most drunk ppl would say it's all that but the burger is really dry and I honestly would have just went to In and Out instead
4	OK. I'll admit that in the area that I live, Five Guys is considered the best burger in the area, so when I heard all the hype about this place, I had to give it a try. I'll have to admit that this burger was definitely tasty and unlike the Five Guys burgers, did not fall apart while you are trying to eat it. The fries are almost as good, and you can have a cold adult beverage with your burger. My only negative is the construction that is going on right in front, especially, if you decide to eat outside. The dust and noise is not good. I just wish we had one in North West Florida.
3	Big burgers, big prices, fits right into this extravagant city.I went for the self-seating outdoor bar, famished after a long night.  A quick check of the reviews said that largest size - XXXL - was almost unfinishable due to the size, so I ordered the XXL.  With no bun (paleo!).  And a fried egg.  And bacon.  Because it was technically breakfast.  There is a bit of a wait, but it was bearable - large burgers grilled to order take a bit of time.What came out was two huge patties, with the cheese, bacon and egg layered on top, resting on some greens, onions and tomatoes on the side.  Although it looked dry, it was juicy and flavorful.  The egg was cooked to over-hard, which was fine.  The bacon was just okay.  I knife and forked it easily (much easier to eat than In-N-Out's Protein style order).  I finished it all, but it was a lot of food - a very fat burger indeed.The outdoor seating is enjoyable, more so for the view of the tvs by the bar, and the comely staff.  The people watching is a bit muted, from our time there.  Service is attentive.If I wanted a gut-bomb of a breakfast/lunch, this could be a place I'd go back too.
5	Good food and music.
2	fat burger fat is the new skinny.. oh shud up! like that's ever gonna happen,i was craving a for a yumy vegetarian burger?i dont know how much did my bf pay for that stupid burger that wasnt even yummy,but i feel like apologising to him,for making him pay for that burger,which wasnt yummy at all,hello? please find some better vegetarian patty recipes? there's heaps out there... learn one from BURGer FUel New Zealand! they make the yummiest vegetarian burgers.. anyway.. waste of money and time. TA
4	I'm from the East Coast, so I initially became acquainted with Fatburger after listening to a rap song by the Notorious B.I.G a number of years back.  I don't believe Fatburger can be found back in the Northeast, so when I came to visit Las Vegas, I had spotted Fatburger and wanted to try it.  Prices are a tad expensive on the Strip, but that's to be expected.  However, I didn't think that Fatburger was over the line in terms of price.  Fatburger allows you to order a burger with plenty of different toppings, all which makes a burger tasty and unique.  Not a perfect burger joint, but definitely a good burger joint to patronize.
4	Great burger and fat fries! I shod of got that instead of the turkey burger. The turkey was good but when I tasted my hubby's burger, it made me want to get ine.
4	Directly on the strip with parking. Open in the wee morning. Cooked to order. Interesting clients. Grumpy cashier. Friendly bussers. Pretty clean and efficient. Gobble it down and you're gone.
4	A Las Vegas Tradition! Me and the Cuz have to have Fatburger at some point between midnight and 5am during every Vegas trip (no exceptions). It's interesting just to people watch and see who comes in at those hours. I'm a fan of the fatburger and fat fries ... but they have skinny fries as well. I'm pretty simple at that time in the morning/night. They really have revamped this place ... the outside is a nice lounge-y area now and they have a slushi bar that I haven't tried yet (definitely going to next time).
3	This place is pretty cool because it is open 24/7 and has quality burgers better than your fast food joints like Carls Jr, McDonalds, Burger King...etc The price point isn't too bad. It sort of has a diner feel? My girls and I came here because we were starving, and this place didn't seem too bad. I had the Grilled Chicken Burger and it was pretty plain, but the meat had flavor to it. The fries were whatever. My gfs burger was yummy with melted cheese on it. They obviously don't have the best burgers, but they do have basic stuff to satisfy your hunger!
1	We're die hard Fatburger fans and stop in every time we're in Las Vegas.  Tonight we stopped in and found that the place has been completely renovated - no issue with that, it looks a lot better.  The only thing that was not better was the food!  The decline in quality was not what we expected but neither was the sharp increase in prices!  $30 bucks for 2 burgers and fries is too much to pay for a strip mall burgers.  We won't be back anytime soon.
3	BEWARE. THEY USE LEAN MEAT!!haha, Just sayin', the burger was kinda dry. but definately a pretty good burger and fries. got 2 burgers, and shared a thing of fries. total bill $30. Not bad, wouldn't go back though
4	My kids love Fatburgers!  After sitting in crappy traffic on the Strip, enjoying a sightsee of all the pretty lights, I was able to do a U-turn and hit this place.  The parking was a breeze even if you do have to shoo people out of the way from crossing the driveway, which is nonstop.  Sorry, move the F out of the way, I'm coming in because I'm hungry enough to jump out and start chewing on one of you people.We got in and there was no crowd.  I have to warn you here, FB is pricey, but we knew that already.  I just ordered for the one daughter, but my other one decided she wanted McDonald's; me too.  Woo-hoo, McDeath's is just next door!!!!  Sweet!So got one kid situated outside at the open air seating, complete with open bar and misters.  Please, if you're a slow eater, sit away from the misters because they spray every other second and it does get annoying after a bit.  We went to the McD's next door and luckily avoided a big gang of folks who herded in.  It was very nice sitting there people-watching out on the strip.  A nice calm evening with my teenagers, watching guys hand out X-rated flyers to passers-by.  Leaving is the same hassle as coming in because I had to darn near run over folks to leave because they don't care if you've been sitting there a while waiting to LEAVE!  Fortunately, I'm from back East and have a A-card on guerrilla driving.  MOVE!  So just be prepared to be a little proactive in that department.
2	Ordered the chicken sandwich and this tiny order came in, with two toppings only. Had to order more food since I was still hungry. For $10, this sandwich was not worth it.
4	You're walking along the strip and you see an attractive woman in a skimpy red bikini on top of a bar, you take notice.  This is in front of the Fat Bar which is the patio portion of Fat Burger.  I'm not reviewing this as part of Fat Bar, because the sign says verbatim "Welcome to Fatburger's Las Vegas Slushie Bar."  I always loved Fat Burger.  It's a big fat burger with fat fries.  Before they came to Reno, I always hit the Fat Burger here like a tradition.  Now, let's get back to what's important.  There are one or two hot women in bikini's in the front hawking over-sized margarita-flavored alcohol slushies.  The Las Vegas strip is super expensive as far as drinking.  I paid $20 for a drink to get into the Haze Night Club (it's free to get in so long as you buy a $20 drink coupon).  That got me a watered down vodka and Coke.  Yuck.  Then I paid $10 for a Sierra NV 12 oz beer.  After $30, I wasn't even close to feeling buzzed.  For $25 (using a $5 coupon) I got 55 oz of slushi strawberry margarita-flavored booze.  I expected it to be watered down a lot, but to my surprise, BANG!  It was LOADED with tequila!  I got drunk immediately.  So be careful.  I later blacked out.  I got the small guitar.  I know, it's totally touristy, but when in Vegas, be a lame tourist and live it up.  Trust me, the guitar gets you attention.  I had women taking photos of me with them and then they'd wear the guitar and get more photos.  Can you say chick magnet?  Too bad I was toasted by then and barely remember the whole ordeal.  None-the-less, the bikini beach bartenders were super friendly, and I'm telling you, there's nothing like drinking 55 oz of booze from a plastic guitar on a public street.  Unfortunately, it was the worst tasting margarita or dacquiri or whatever the hell they want to call it.  It was like pure corn syrup after the ice all melted.  It was hard to drink, but basically it was just a vehicle to help get the tequila down so don't expect craft, natural ingredient juice here.  Just swallow it down and get drunk.  I'm a craft cocktail snob, but this place isn't about craft cocktail numb nuts.  It's about the bikini bartenders, the guitar, and getting wasted on a public street in Vegas, and then blacking out.
4	Decided to grab some eats at this local Vegas establishment at about 1am after watching a kick ass show. I grabbed the chili cheese fries and an a medium fatburger (with extra bacon and cheese). I liked that they didn't scrimp on the delicious,tasty chili on the fries and as for the burger, well, it was full of flavour, fresh, hot and really quite a great bite. A decent meal and a yummy conclusion to a hectic Friday night.
4	I really enjoyed the burger joint. The sandwich was great and to be honest leaves you wanting more. I enjoyed my experience.
2	Ate here once and that will probably be enough. There wasn't necessarily anything wrong with the burger, but at this price, you are pushing into "gourmet" burger territory and gourmet this ain't.  Frankly this a step up in price from the Five Guys and In-N- Outs of the world and a noticeable step down in quality. As such, I can't say I really see a reason to eat here.
5	This place is expensive as hell! But it is Vegas and on the strip so technically this should be considered as "average" price. Came here at 1:30am Sunday morning and ate outside on the patio area. Music was playing, nice cool breeze outside, so I say this was a perfect night to eat outside. When we got our food, the burgers were fresh and hot and freaken good! I would say this cannot beat in n out but it does come in 2nd in my book!
5	I came here for a quick afternoon bite during my Vegas rendezvous this past weekend. A Fatburger with an outside bar???!!! I was hooked immediately! The ambience there was quite loud, considering there was a football game on. The TV's that they had outside made the place look like a very chill atmosphere. I grabbed a grilled chicken burger with skinny fries and I must say, it did not disappoint. I'm from L.A. and I try to eat here as much as I can! Yeah, it was more than I usually pay for that meal($11.85 to be exact!!) but hey, im not complaining. Its Vegas folks! Expect to spend a little while here. I will definitely come back next time I hit up the Strip.
5	I've been having a Vegas affair with Fatburger ever since I've been going out to the strip.  Located just south of the center of the strip, this 24hr burger joint brings the flavor.  They offer burgers, chicken, turkey, and veggie burgers so they are sure to please any crowd (drunk or sober).  They have killer steak fries and their add-ons (egg, cheese, etc) make the possibilities endless.  Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating as well as full bar options just add on the awesomeness of this place.  Long story short, when you're needing drunk munchies food on the strip, this place delivers.(not like actual delivery to your room/location, but more a metaphorical delivery).  Boosh.
4	We stayed at the MGM while in Vegas so this was a great find for the late night craving of a greasy burger.  Wide and I split a burger and fries and it was quite delicious...thin crispy diner style.  Beer is a bit pricey, but it's right on the strip so that's to be expected
2	This place was ok, the burger was overcooked and dry, the staff was very friendly and helpful, but the prices are ridonkulous for what it is. This is a fast food place with prices of a high end burger joint. Its good in a pinch, but I wouldn't bother again
4	long lines, made sloppily, take forever, bad service, however the drunken crowds that fill this place along with the never changing satisfying taste make this place a four star
3	I was told that you can't go to Las Vegas and not stop in Fatso Burger Well worth the stop, I grabbed a couple of burgers and fries at 3 am Fabulous !!
1	So when we came the first time the service was great , today was horrible thanks to a slow rude Jackie. First she overlooked us for about 20 minutes then took our drink order and came back another 20 minutes later. Food another 30 later and of course NO FRIES. someone ran the fried out after we were done and waiting for the bill. She never checked back! I had enough time to site and take my time writing this review, and I'm still waiting for this Jerk.
5	Fat-burger is the best burger you can ever taste in your whole life. I say that because its so dam true . once you try the xxxx burger it will literally put you on your back . the meat is thick with very nice and tasty flavors and once you take a big bite of the burger you can taste the freshness of the bun, to the lettuce to the tomatoes and onions and the melted cheese . don't forget about the speechless chill cheese fries  and the great one and only milkshake is to die for. if you never been to fat burgers your missing out so much. Its truly a must to go their . you truly need to go if your a big time hamburger eater . its truly a big time must for-real. Don't miss out on the greatest hamburger you'll ever eat in your entire life.
2	Everything that needs to be said has been said so I wont be long...24hours-check...Expensive-check...Milkshakes-check...Steak fries-check...Burgers- AVERAGE!My cousin came here during the Mayweather-Alvarez fight and was raving about it. He told us it was a must try! Well as soon as we landed we drove here. Jet lag wouldn't allow our growling stomachs to settle for anything but a FAT burger! I left full but underwhelmed! On top of that we shelled out over $30 for a few burgers, drinks, and fries! Sheesh! It's not bad just not the best burger I've had or anything...
2	About a year ago this place had really good reviews, seems like it's gone way down since then. It's hard to keep up with all the competition on the Strip. Hubs and I headed here for a quick bite before our show. We should've turned around when we saw this place was pretty empty. Just a regular old burger joint. They also offer chicken and turkey burgers. Overpriced average food. Never again. Avoid please. The decor is outdated. You need to ask for a key to use their bathrooms. We ate as quickly as we could to gtfo.
4	I went to Fat Burger for the first  time last month. I ordered a medium fat burger with mushrooms, no mustard. The bun was crispy and warm and the burger itself was all around pretty good.
4	Loved seeing this LA staple in Vegas. Good food and the chili is exceptional. It's a fast food joint and a nice reprieve from stuffy places on LV blvd. Steak fries are awesome
3	After eating here, I appreciated more living in TX where the mighty Whataburger is King! :-) Five Guys is even better than Fatburger. Although my burger was overloaded with pepper, it was good but nothing to rave about. I will give it another try. Eat Up!
5	So I've never been here before and it was conveniently right next to my hotel. I decided to stop here for a burger and see what the fuss was about and wowee it was a nice experience :) Our waitress, Lexi greeted us and was super friendly as if she was our friend for years! I ordered the crispy chicken burger, it was so crispy and moist! It wasn't a plain ol soggy burger from Mickey D's so it was a nice change. Lexi, our waitress would come by frequently to make sure everything was going well with the food and everything. All in all I would love to come back to Las Vegas and eat here again. There's no possible way to compare it with the Harley Davidson Cafe (which was mediocre at best)  down the street.. ::shudders:: Go FatBurger you ROCK ;)
1	It's very disappointing how you are taking advantage of the nye guest by raising your prices today!! Seriously...False advertisement when you have a displayed menu with listed prices and then you hand the outrageously priced menu for the day!!
4	Oh you're in Vegas. You will and need to go Fatburger. Regardless if you're a snotty rich person I would still recommend this place! The burgers and fries are great. The price is steep but it's Vegas!! The bar is good and cosy great service. However we stopped by the bar to get a quick drink. 3 vodka and lemonade $80? Oh well that was Nye. That's the only downside!
4	I ordered the smallest turkey burger on the menu add bacon and a fried egg, heavenly. I  couldn't finish my order of onion rings and was totally full. The server was very friendly and explained the menu very thoroughly to first time customers. They give Smash Burgers a run for their money.The only negative would be the slightly high price.
2	Very slow service (was in a line of 5 people and it took over 15 minutes at the slushee bar). Little if any alcohol in the slushee.
4	Fatburger is great not the best, but a great place to hang out and eat. There burgers are very good and there fries is absolutely great.
4	A great, fast easy lunch option on strip.  Of course not as good as In N Out but it will do. Way better than the MGM and NYNY food court options. ( Nathan's, I;m talking to you, a mediocre $12 chicken sandwich is robbery....)
4	Very tasty burger! Skinny fries were just ok but nothing special. This hit the spot after drinking and dancing! Just a little over priced for what you get
3	Fat burger makes a big fresh hamburger that is pretty good.Kind of like steak n shake on roids type place.1. Portillo's.   2. Five Guys3. Fat burger4. Smashburger5. Steak n' Shake
1	If I could have given this place less than one star, I would have.  This place is a total disaster.   Our sad tale begins by being greeted by our waitress, a woman that would make a skank look classy.  She took our order for a couple of beers and for our food.  She returned 10 minutes later with our beers, but that was the last that we saw her.  I guess that on some level, I should have been thankful. Any prolonged contact with our server would have ensured an incurable case of syphillis at the very least.   Did I mention that she was dirty??After 45 minutes of waiting for the food, our beers long dry, we sought out our server to find out what was going on.  Upon finding her, the skank threw us a lot shade, and even had the nerve to state that it was my fault that we had been waiting so long.  Yup...skanks truly are dumb. At that point, I decided to minimize my contact with my server without having the benefit of a hazmat suit and found the manger.  Of course, he offered to get us our food right away, but we were pushing up on an hour at this point.  While this was all going on, my herpes scarred waitress was screaming that she had done nothing wrong....except be a waste of human life that is.  The manager saw what was going on and offered to comp us our entire check.  That being said, we thanked him, but told him tht he could keep his crap food because my guest and I just wanted to get the hell out of there.This dump really needs to get a handle on its staff.  Avoid this one at all costs people.  You've been warned!!
1	Michael the cashier and George the server need to be fired! Michael does not know what the term "make it a meal means.  After I told George the server, that I was missing an order of fries he said oh well thats not my problem talk to the cashier!!! OMG I wanted to kill him at this point.  What type of service is this???
5	We had a groupon for two menu items and a pitcher of margaritas. We went for lunch, sat at the bar and had a great time. Our bartender was nice and fast. The drinks were great and really, how could you go wrong with burgers?We made a memory we won't soon forget. Sitting on the strip, a nice sunny day, with a margarita and new friends. Doesn't get better than that, especially when you are coming from snowy subartic Chicago.
2	I went here my first night in Vegas with my mom who had talked this place up so much before we came. I was pretty disappointed when my burger arrived and the patty was burnt and tasted like someone poured the salt and pepper shakers over it for a good two minutes. The fries were the redeeming factor for this meal since they were sooo good! The service was great too which is my reason for the second star. Maybe I ate here on a fluke night, but next time I would prefer McDonalds to this place.
5	One of the best burgers I have ever eaten... Ever! We went there for lunch at the beginning of our weekend trip and HAD to go there again before we left Las Vegas!! The staff was really nice too!I would recommend getting the "skinny fries" unless you like steak cut fries.
5	Stopped here with a Groupon and SUPER glad I did.  2x 50oz frozen drinks with fries was the groupon deal I go but added a burger since me and the BF were hungry.  Sat at the bar immediately with no wait and a super friendly bar staff.  Super chill environment with great music that took me back to high school in SoCal circa 1996.  If you want a great burger and great drinks in a laid back place, Farburger is the joint to hit up. Farburger, love the burgers, drinks, music, and tattoos!
3	fatburger serves a solid, no nonsense burger, that is customizable with condiments and toppings to your hearts content. the patty is relatively loose ground beef, and cooked to a slight crunch.this used to be the only game in town for a good burger, but now with burger bar, BurGR, B&B, and others, this place is losing it's appeal. they've turned the outside into more of a bar area, but it seems like the quality might have gone down. my last couple burgers here do not seem as juicy as the fatburger's of memory. i would personally rather go to either burger bar or B&B over here, but if it's convenient, i still stop by from time to time.
3	Food was good, bartender fantastic, waitresses horrible. It was a great day so we decided to eat outdoors. We were told to sit at any table and a waitress would be with us shortly. Ten minutes later, after making eye contact and waving at 2 waitresses, we still had no menus. We decided to sit at the bar. Best decision every. The bartender, receipt said Lyman, took our order right away and got our drinks to us in no time. When the kitchen forgot one of our burgers he went to the kitchen and brought out the burger. The drinks were very potent. He really saved our lunch.
4	Best Burger in town!They are a must while staying on the strip in Las Vegas. Everything is made to order. You can add what ever toppings you want. They have a small sitting area outside and in. You can enjoy a burger and people watch! What better to do in Las Vegas.
4	Wow - first time at fatburger and it was awesome!!!!  You can add pretty much anything you want to your burger, I had mayo, fried onions, cheese, pickles and lettuce and it hit the spot.  We had chili cheese fries that were about what you'd expect , pretty good but nothing special.  Long wait for the food (20 min) but it was worth the wait.  Central location on the strip, near MGM , across the street from the Monte Carlo.  I just wish they had these in MN!
3	This place is right across the street from the Monte Carlo.  Pretty decent burger.  The have 4 sizes to choose from and four add-ins (cheese, bacon, chili, and an egge). I opted for everything but the chili and I was quite happy.  This burger is a step up from In-N-Out but still not as good as a Royal Robin Burger.  The fries come in two cuts skinny or steak fries.  Nothing too special here. The onion rings were ok.  The Maui-banana shake is very good.3.5 starsIn n out being 2.5 stars.
5	What's wonderful about a 24hr Fat Burger? Well if were like me and craved a juicy burger at 5am, this is a dream come true. I get here and I am met with fellow breakfast burger aficionados. I got myself a XXL with cheese, bacon, egg, and avocado. Sitting outside on the Vegas strip at 5am enjoying a well-made burger is pretty amazing.... It's American!
5	For vegas, really great price on food. Great service, they are pretty nice for seeing tourists all day, and man...my burger was awesome. I remember thinking it was one of the best and cheapest (ratio wise) burgers I have ever had.
1	This review is centered specifically on Fatburger's outside "yard long" alcoholic beverages. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY, there is next to NO ALCOHOL IN THEM. For $30 bucks you're supposed to get around 6 shots or alcohol in a 50oz cup, but all you'll get is a sugar headache. My wife and I got one each to start out out Vegas Strip night, but after finishing my entire drink I could hardly feel anything. SCAM ALERT!
2	Concept is great, liked the value, burgers were cooked to well done. Maybe it's a Midwest thing but we'll done! I know medium rare isn't always an option but health code can be met long before the meat is dry and crunchy. Not sure if it's policy or an individual cook...won't go back to find out.
3	Ok... Nothing special. Burgers were way overlooked. Charged me for a shake, didn't bring it, charged me again, found my original receipt, asked for money back, was told it would be easier to just give me another one. Thankfully someone in our group wanted one!  Nice staff. Good chili cheese fries.
5	I ordered a chicken burger, onion rings, and a drink. Talking about freakin good.! Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. I loved that it wasn't oily or greasy. The onion rings batter is thin and flakey but trust me it's good.!! Highly recommend
1	expensive and not even that good and there customer service was not so good i would not return
3	I ordered the smallest burger on the menu, and it was still pretty big. Good thing I didn't add any fries to my order, otherwise I really would have felt guilty afterwards. It gets better as you eat. Although the meat could be a bit juicier, there's a nice charbroiled flavor to the whole thing. I think they forgot to add cheese on mine, but the mayo made up for it. Good place for a quick burger fix!
3	cool , decent hamburger spot.  The location is great, right on the strip.  Great food after a good day/night of drinking.  Burgers were good, u can add on some items, like eggs, bacon, chili.  That's to give your mouth more flavors to enjoy.  The burgers are big, not like you typical burger shacks. I would dine here again and recommend.
4	I'm a total fan of Fatburger. IMHO, it is a superior burger to In-n-Out. Yeah, I said that. And their chilli cheese fries are pretty great too.This location is on the Strip, near the Hawaiian Marketplace. You'll pretty need to park elsewhere and walk here. There's an inside area and an outside area. Since people-watching on the Strip is a fav pastime of my mine, we opted for outside.The outside space is a circular bar with bar seating and then several high-tops. It's a seat yourself place. Unlike other Fatburger locations, this one has waitresses. So when you sit outside, a server will come and take your order, bring you your food, and bring you a check.Also unlike other Fatburger locations, since this one has a bar, you can get beer and mixed drinks. There's also a slushie stand where you can purchase those crazy yard-long tourist concoctions.The service isn't much, but that's kinda to be expected.The food, though, is awesome. I thoroughly devoured my delicious burger and all the chilli cheese fries. If you're looking for a good, cheap-ish burger, and want to partake in some excellent people-watching, this is the spot for you.
4	"I'm fly at Fat Burger when I'm way out west" - Beastie BoysAnd this spot on the Strip is the best.  It has a huge outdoor patio with a bar and tv's.  No other Fatburger that I've been to does it like this.  Fatburger isn't my favorite, but it is pretty good.  There is an indoor part of this Fatburger, but what's the point of that?But really, everything tastes better outside, with a beer, and watching a game.
3	I'm from Texas and I have heard how Fatburger is amazing and all, so I came in with high expectations but it was okay. For my taste the hamburgers were too oily and the burgers didn't have any special flavor.
3	First place I've ever been where an employee needs to unlock the door for you to the restroom!!! It was very strange. I just assumed that you would go up to the counter, get the key and do your thing. But nope, the guy walked back w/ me, unlocked the door and off he went. The thing that was also weird was that it was a multi person bathroom.We walked in, we had never been here before, and it was a straight shot to the cash register. The way this place is set up is awkward and if there would have only been 3-4 people ahead it would have put almost back to the door. I could see how during busy times it would suck cause you would be stuck outside while standing in line.We got up to the register and looked for a menu, there was none. All they had was a little laminated sheet that told you what the burger toppings were. They have a digital menu, but it is not helpful. In my opinion the screen moves waaaaaay too fast, you see something that looks good but then the screen changes. It a pain cause while you are trying to figure out what you want, you also dont want to hold up the line either.We finally decided on our order and purchased 3 cheeseburgers, and order of fries, 1 soda and 1 strawberry shake and it cost around $45!!!The burgers were VERY good though. The buns were butter grilled, the burger was very juicy and had a good flavor. I especially loved the crispy char on the ring of the burger. The fries were cooked to perfection. They give you the option of steak cut fries or thin...we opted for the thin ones. My strawberry shake was creamy and had chunks of strawberry in it. I am not sure what I was expecting in regards to the shakes. A lot of places I have ordered strawberry shakes from have just used the flavoring, so I was thinking it was going to be something along the lines of that. I am glad that I was wrong...these shakes were REAL ice cream and REAL strawberries. The shake took a little while to make, but it was totally worth it.I would consider coming back here. The service was great as was the food. The price was just a little much for no more than what we ordered. If this was a sit down type of place and included a side and/or drink it would have been different. They were also running a Groupon deal, but it wasnt valid for this location.
5	So the funniest thing happened.We showed up at Fatburger at 9 in the morning on the day we were flying out. We both tweeted "burgers for breakfast!" Hooray! We got an order of fries, a 1/3 pound burger, and a veggie burger. I bit into my veggie burger and the first thing I said was "this is delicious, it tastes like a Big Mac!" Hooray again!We get home and I start adding the places we visited to my Yelp bookmarks. What's this I notice? Oh, I already wrote a review for Fatburger! What does it say? Burgers for breakfast and it tastes like a Big Mac.Whoa. O_oWhat else can I say? Almost an exact repeat of last year, the food is great, I loved the shoestring fries and the burgers were perfect! This is definitely worth checking out if you wan a fast food burger without the fast food stigma and grossness.
4	Great for a cheap burger fries and beer.  Friendly quick staff. Check for a groupon deals. Large outdoor area with lots of flat screen TVs.
3	I was actually really excited about this place when I came here for the first time. Then, when I tried their burgers, I wasn't impressed, I've had much better elsewhere for the same price as Fat Burger. It was good to try once anyway...The only way I will get this next time, is with Groupon probably..maybe even not. Its way to too crowded, again not worth. Also, the chairs outside, not comfortable. I like how they have a bar outside though. Not sure what they sell there, as I didn't order any alcoholic drinks, but still cool they have a bar outside. Fat Burger is also 24hrs, which is convenient. I think I'll come here next time when I'm way too drunk, not just to eat. LOL
3	Showed up mid-week about 10pm so there were more workers than customers. Burger was better than some other spots. A bit pricy but that's what you get for eating on the strip. Our waitress was nice but the service was lacking when we needed stuff, we had to look around for someone to bring it. Got to watch the bartender to his best "cocktail" impersonation.
1	The first thing that you notice is that the food is overpriced.Then you taste it.The worst burger I have ever had. And that comes from a lifelong experience with burgers. I would never, ever give it a second chance. It was greasy, fatty, flavorless, and metallic.The fries mirrored the burger.  An awful dining experience.This place is perched on the lowest rung. Lower than the corner greasy spoon.Steer far, far away from Fatburger. You have many other choices for burgers and fries, and they are all better than this place.
4	It's a tradition to sit out on the out door patio of Fatburger located right on the Las Vegas strip, dead center of all the craziness. At night they have bartenders who flare and  play good music like Kaskade (and similar artist) that makes you want to get your food and fuel for the next party. During the day it's just a nice shaded spot  which I can personally hang out at for hours until the sun goes down. The food is excellent but do not expect any healthy alternatives if you are watching your weight but who can stay on a diet while on vacation in Vegas, what is the point? The inside of Fatburger is for the families with childern to help shield them from the drunks and exposed bodies that walk the strip. I have only walked through to use the restroom :)...which is a disaster but you win some you lose some.
5	Best burger I've ever had. Great affordable place to eat on the strip
5	Awesome bar outside of the madness of the strip,   The pizzas are amazing as well as the burger selection,    Big doors open the restaurant up to a nice outside breezy setting.    The servers and bartenders are all friendly,  these are reasons why I'm in there once a week,
3	This place was okay. Never been to a Fatburger before, but we were looking for a quick, cheap dinner our first night in Vegas and this was right by the hotel.  Food is basic, simple (burgers, fries, milkshakes or cocktails) and did the trick. Service was okay. Waitresses in skimpy outfits that looked kinda bored (can't blame them, 7:30pm on a Thursday) but they were at least friendly. Seating outside was the highlight; people watching was the best--right on the strip!
1	We waited forever for our food when we were the only ones in the place eating. We could barely understand our what our waitress was saying. My friends burger had a footlong hair in it. We will NEVER eat here again. TERRIBLE.
2	personally i would prefer In-and-Out Burgers but the line at the In-and-Out's drive-thru was terrible so I stopped by Fatburger to get my burger fix.  Sadly, I had to wait 20 minutes for just one (1) chicken burger and some Fat Fries to be made, while the restaurant was widely empty!  I didnt understand what took the kitchen so long to assemble a burger, but service was just super slow. period.  Would I go back?  Nope! The Hawaiian chicken burger was just alright and the Fat Fries were meh.....meaning that both were soooooo not worth the wait!!!  Price was not cheap; total 14 bucks. GRRRRRRRRRR i felt furious.
2	Their famous Vegas slushies have no alcohol in them, just an unreal amount of sugar. The burger was good.
5	Has to be the best burger. Add a fried egg to make it even better. Love the fat fries and onion rings too. But its the burgers you have to try. Everything tastes so fresh. Their is a size for everyone. If you think you can try the XXXL challenge. My brother did in April (a little disappointed that is picture isn't up as promised with the challenge). They have shakes and an outdoor bar as well. The best fat burger we've been too!
5	You can never go wrong with Fat Burger.. My honey and I both ordered med. burgers with skinny fries and onion rings. They were all sooo good. Everything was extra hot when they served it to us! Hands down the best burger joint in Vegas!! ;-)
1	wasn't a fan. the food was typical fast food. it look quite a while for someone to take care of us. which, i don't blame the waitress, she was obviously quite busy, but they should put more people on the floor at once. the drinks were also overpriced.
4	Talk about some great drunken munchies after a night out on the strip. This place cranks out burgers in minutes and there really good. There not In-and-Out good but still really good. The place does get crowded and packed and you also have to deal with alot of drunken people but overall not a bad place to go.
4	Great burger. One of the best fast food burgers I've ever had, right behind 5 guys.
5	AMAZING!!!  a must have if you are in Vegas!
2	I came here on a thursday night. There was a sign that said to seat yourself and so my party did. This place was not busy at all, but it took over 20 minutes to get someone to help us. We had to go up to a server to ask to place an order. After we got our slushies and fries, they did not taste good at all. I did not taste alcohol in the drink and the fries were soggy.
3	Definitely a delicious stop on the way back to our hotel from gambling at MGM. Nice greasy burger and onion rings. Perfect when you're drunk. Stop here if you're in the area. It's nice that they have cooling sprinkler things too
4	Good food, good service. We ordered 2 chicken sandwiches, one grilled and one crispy. They came to us as ordered in a timely fashion even though they were a bit busy. They were quite tasty and juicy! Staff was friendly as well.
4	I tried the 1/3 or 1/4 lb Fatburger and I must say that I was impressed! The burger was fresh and tasty! I've never had relish on a burger so I was ready to dig in, the relish complemented the sandwich perfectly! I would recommend for people to give this joint a try if you are in the Las Vegas area!
5	First time at this location. Midnight snack and they were packed. We placed our order and right about when we were starting to wonder why it was taking so long they approached us and informed us they lost our ticket. The manager, Cisco, took care of the issue with excellent customer service.. Although delayed, the food was great.
4	I had the turkey burger and it actually tasted really good. I added an egg and some mushrooms and just had lettuce , pickles and cheese. It was really nice. That being said not worth the 15 minute more wait. For a fast food burger joint it shouldn't really be acceptable. Especially not here in a place like Vegas.
5	Can you say delicious!? Service was good. Food was amazing.  Loved the atmosphere ! Who doesn't ? It's Vegas!!!!!
4	I got the 1lb burger with everything but relish and mustard and what can I say it's greasy goodness! I went to Holsteins yesterday and their burgers had a refined taste but if you want a classic American burger and atmosphere this is the place. I got the fries too but they tasted like frozen fries from the store;not great. Overall I would call this a five guys on steroids! (Excluding the fresh cut fries)
1	Way over rated. The beef was salty. The chili cheese fries are 90% fries 5% cheese & 5% chili.  I think for what these cost the chili should be more generous portions. Won't go back. Been to another location in Buena Park & it was a bit better.
2	very bland in my opinion, It's a skip just a heads up
5	I come here every time I go to Vegas. I recommend this place highly. I always get the 1/2 pound chews and bacon burger with myshrooms on the side. ( they tend to make the burger bun wet) so input on after wards. But a solid choice in the strip. I actually saw pharrel roll in here with a bunch of guys and girls at 5 am Friday night. It was crazy!!
4	This place serves one of the best burgers I ever had!! I had the medium burger with everything and added cheese, guacamole, bacon and an egg! It was so good!! I had it with "skinny chili cheese fries which were good. The service was fast! Place was packed and me and my boyfriend got our food asap! I will make this a must stop when I come to Vegas
1	Worst experience!We sat and ate here. The service was ok but their chicken sandwich was absolutely terrible. I'm not a fan of McDonalds but their dollar menu sandwich is probably better than this $7 something piece of tasteless food.Never going back.
2	Thoroughly underwhelming. Crispy overdone meat, mediocre quality of ingredients no unique flavor.  Bobby Flay's place across the street should not worry. The only spark of innovation they have is a hamburger that's well over a pound
5	I went to Las Vegas for the first time in June, it was also my first trip to Fatburger. I cam here a couple weeks after Mayweather had his infamous melee here. Anyhow, back to the food. I came here twice during my stay and it was excellent. I went with the cheeseburger and fries. They allow you to choose the size of your burger and fries, which I liked. The burger was well seasoned and the prices are reasonable. I will definitely eat at this place when I visit Vegas again!!!
2	Fatburger is all hype. They're just overpriced burgers. I'm not saying it's not good, but it's nothing special. Cheese does not automatically come on the burgers, you have to pay an extra dollar for it. There are other add ons you can get for an extra charge as well. It also comes a la carte so sides are separate. Two burgers (one large and one medium) and a side of fries came out to almost 30 dollars.
1	Worst service ever. I and 4 of my friends went there to watch the game for our week trip to vegas and when we got there we were excited because they had our game on a picturea of enjoying a nice burger was dancing through our heads....Unfortunately as soon as we sat down the fat non paying barback changed the game so that he could watch his chicago bears play. With a look of disbelief at how he could so blatantly ruin our experience I kindly asked the bartender if he could change it back he said no he couldn't because it was on a revolving channel to which I responded we just sat there an watched your barback change it. After not getting any kind of help I an my friends got up an left. I know our bill would have easily been over 60 bucks a mere drop in the bucket for such a franchise but in the end fatburger has lost 5 paying customers for a lifetime . We ended up back at the time share with some Chinese food .
5	Shared triple burger with my wife and had perfect people watching over the strip!  Great experience!
3	This is convenient because it's on the strip and not buried in the depths of a hotel. There's ample indoor and outdoor seating. It's a typical Fatburger which means juicy burgers, and the fat fries (nice steak cut fries) are a must. This location is a bit pricey; now this just could be that I haven't been to a Fatburger since I moved away from LA, or their prices are just higher since it's on the strip. I'd go with the latter.The wait is kinda ridiculous here. There was no one in front of me, and all I ordered was a cheeseburger and fries, and I waited like 30 minutes for my to-go order. Also, my burger came to me way before my fries, even though I was taking it to go, so I was pretty concerned my food was going to get cold. It's weird because loads of others got their fries before me, and I had to ask about my fries after my burger came, so I think they just kinda forgot part of my order.Ultimately, this was an ok meal. I was in town because my boyfriend was at a convention, so I just wanted to grab something quick and take it back to the room since I was solo at the time. I just really wanted some fat fries though.In Vegas, there's so many places that are better than this, and probably quicker (and maybe cheaper) that I'd prefer to spend my money elsewhere. This location is convenient enough to the Tropicana Hotel and MGM though if you need a snack.
3	Came here late night, and had a burger, skinny fries, and onion rings. All three was subpar to me, very average, and nothing special. They do have a nice outside bar (which includes selling the 100 oz frozen drinks) and yeah thats pretty much it ( and they do also offer veggie and turkey burgers).
1	Very disappointing!  They were passing out 2 for 1 drink coupons on the street outside of this restaurant, so I decided to go in and have a burger and a couple of beers.  I ordered the half pound burger expecting a nice thick pub style patty. What I got was two thin burgers stacked on top of each other. That was my first mistake. The bill for my "buy one beer - get one free" was $7.00 (for a PBR). Total rip-off. There are lots of good places to eat on this part of the strip. Avoid Fatburger!
4	Staff was friendly, burger was huge and fantastic. best burger I've had in a while.  Fat fries were piping hot. The only gripe was the Vegas prices but everything in Vegas is ridiculous. Don't hesitate get your burger here. Very casual diner feel.
5	Great late night fast place to eat. People usually go there for the burgers, but the hot dogs are surprisingly good! Give them a try!!
4	Great late night food and great bar to keep on partying, fries are good.  Can't beat being right off the strip especially when everything else is closed.
4	I was tired of buffets and wanted a great burger! It was juicy and tasty! I had the medium and hubby had the large burger! This place never close on Vegas strip. Nice meal  after hours!
4	If you mention you're a local and show your ID, they'll give you a 10% discount.The prices here are a bit higher than normal.  The food is to be expected.  The staff was very nice.  If you dine outside by the bar, the service staff will take your order there for you.  If you dine inside, you'll have to place your order at the window.They played old school hip hop the night we went, so the throwback music was fun.
5	How can you not love this place. Open late, right on the strip, not too overpriced, great food, all the good stuff.So its 3am and we've been walking the strip and most like several beers in. I'm in town for a convention and havent had a really good meal since i arrived. The co-worker i'm with says "We gotta go to Fat Burger". Being from the East Coast i had never heard of it, so I decided to give it a shot. Place looks nice enough, will have to go without beer for a half hour. I get in line, look at the menu, and decide the burger is where its at. I get up front and see a sign "Free fries with purchase of beer". What? They serve beer here too?  Hence the 4 up to 5 stars. So the burger was fantastic, and really hits the spot at that time in the evening/morning. The fat fries were just regular steak fries, but man those burgers hit the spot.Looking forward to going back my next time out west.
3	3.5/5I'm by no means a burger expert, but I can tell if a burger is good in the sense of juiciness. This place wasn't bad, however I prefer In-N-Out over Fatburger if I were to live in the western US. If only the In-N-Out in Las Vegas was actually on The Strip proper...but I did plan to explore more next time I'm in Vegas.I had two medium Fatburgers with onion rings for one of them. Believe it or not, the onion rings here are much better than the burgers. I love o-rings that are huge in size, and the fact the onions were also large in size (it's not just batter). This place has both aimed spot on! As for the burgers...I like the fact there are different sizes for the burgers, cause there's no way I'm eating a XL. I also like the fact the burgers are lean beef, so it's less unhealthy for you, although that might have contributed to why I find the burgers not as juicy as In-N-Out.Again if I had to choose between Fatburger and In-N-Out, it's In-N-Out all the way. However Fatburger is also a great choice for those Vegas folks who don't wanna leave The Strip and want something that's not a buffet or splurge restaurant for a change.
4	Great late night place for burger and beer. In the middle of the strip so easy to walk to.  If you are low carb like me you can order without a bun... Yummy :-)
4	The name goes with the menu. Fat burger has really fat burgers. It is one of my favorite burger spots. and I go here once every time I'm in Vegas. The outdoor seating area surrounding the bar is pretty cool. Grab a beer and watch a game on the screen while you enjoy their fat juicy burger. It's an experience I enjoy every visit and you should too.
5	Even medium size is enough, fries and burger are delicious. Good price, fast service and traditional amazing burger. Thanks, love it :))))
5	Good God what's not to love about this place?December and it's cool outside but they've got the warming torches lit outside and it keeps the outdoor area nice and warm.  TV is on with football and they have a full bar!Burgers are straight up off da hook yo.  Like a homemade burger patty all misshapen but hot, cooked to perfection and delicious.  Fat Fries are pure nosh-a-licious!  Dip 'em in the chili.  Do it now!Beer + Burger = Dinner for me last night... and lunch for me in about an hour today :-).Beer = $7.  Burger = $7.  $14 worth of pure delicious goodness.  Better than either In&Out or 5 Guys in my opinion.Go, eat, chillax, and people-watch.
5	Awesome burgers! Kids love it that we had to grab some more in LA on the way home. A little bit pricey than a typical burger but worth it. Wish they had one in the Bay Area.
1	It took 30min to get my damn burger!!!  And when i got it, the burger was cold and the bun was hard and stale. WTF??!!!
4	Last minute search for something to eat. It was late, it was cold and Fatburger is a few minutes from our hotel so this is where my husband ended up.  He brought back burgers, fries & a milkshake for the teenager.  My burger was surprisingly good.  I loved all the little bits of onion throughout my burger and it was tasty.  I was told that they were greasy burgers but I didn't think so at all.  And the fries are yum too.
