4	This space is amazing and they consistently have some really amazing art.  Then again, maybe it just looks so much better because it's on their beautiful walls.  This restored home, just down the street from the Roosevelt, has had lots of time put into it - and it really shows.  100% of the art sales go directly to the artist, with no % staying with the house.  While this is great for the artist, it also means that without their liquor license (currently pending) it will be much harder for the Lost Leaf to stay around. Because of this, they're currently only open during First Friday events.   Once the liquor license is in hand, they are looking to be open 7 days a week.  2 awesome bars so close in this area of town?  How much luckier could we get?
5	Awesome new wine/beer bar in Downtown (Evans-Churchill District) ... Absolutely beautiful and the local art on the wall is top shelf.  The Monday night that I was there was Punk Rock night ... playing old Clash, Suicidal Tendencies and Rocket From the Crypt at low to moderate volume which was pretty cool IMHO.  Lots of tables and plentiful seating at the bar.  This place is 1 1/2 blocks from my house ... Welcome to my new home!****UPDATE****Kristen is a friend, and/but I have NO IDEA how she got that is Frat bar-esque.  Then again she's from Boston which I hear is a pretty hip place but I still can't believe that they have "cool" Frat Bars there.I don't know how someone could possible call the patrons or staff "pretentious" ... and the constant mentions of this place being a "hipster" hangout I think is a bit of an overstatement.  Then again I guess for Phoenix standards, this place may pass for being that.  I've lived in Minneapolis and Milwaukee and in comparison I'd say this is just your "normal/average" cool people hangout.The complaint about "comfy seats" I totally get.  Honestly I wish that The Roosevelt and Lost Leaf would swap furnishings.  You can't eat comfortably at The 'Velt (which severs food) and you can't get all that "lounge-y"/comfortable at The LL (which is VERY conducive to conversation).  I'd take away a couple of stars for the lack of couches/love seats, but I love the Lost Leaf so the 5 stars stay.Also I sooooooooooo wish you could have a drink outside on the patio!
4	I'm at 4 stars with this place, and it's not the art, it's not the hipness, it's not even the beer (wipe that look of shock off your face. I may be a drunkard, but there's more to me, promise). It's the quietness and simplicity of a neighborhood bar. Lots of comfy places to sit, nothing hidden, nothing's perfect. It's a whole lot like hanging out at a fair number of friends' houses who also happen to have roving tastes in beer (or someone well-acquainted with the mix-n-match beer section at TJ's).I dock a star because, like going to a beer snob friend's house, if I hate the music, they will just shrug and let me know all the reasons why I should give it a chance. And this is because I am an asshole who listens to nothing other than 100.7.
5	How is it possible that I have never been here before?  What's wrong with me?  I must be slipping.  Anyway, I finally made it to Lost Leaf for the first ever Phoenix Yelp event and totally feel in love.  This just may be my new favorite place for a mid-week beer.  It is cozily small without being claustrophobic thanks to the raised ceiling and it is perfectly lit.  The music is at exactly the right volume to permit easy conversation (perfect!).  I showed up solo and ended up having a long conversation with a random cool guy at the bar who plays guitar in a couple of local bands.  And then the Yelpers descended.  The variety of seating (bar, high tops, and tables in a lounge area) and open format of the room made it perfect for the group gathering.  Am I over-using the word perfect?  Perhaps.  Perfect.
4	I had no idea this place even existed which is retarded because I live less than a mile away. The first time I went there I thought I was following some people in to a house party until I got inside and was like "oh sh*t - it's a bar." I was a pleasant surprise. Anyway, on to my review.The good: - Location - I'm always a fan of new businesses finding success in downtwn Phoenix.  - Seating: It's not a large space but I always manage to find a seat - Beer selection is awesome- Good lighting/atmosphereThe bad:- You can't take your beer outside on the porch/outdoor area- Hipsters, please kill yourself- Staff, please read above statement (be nice to people even if we aren't artists/emo/punk/goth...etc. )In summary,  I'm sure I'll be there a lot because the beer is good and it's close to my house.*** Edited to add: Last night I went back to Lost Leaf and the staff was really nice/cool/non-hipster-ish.  So disregard the hipster staff criticism, at least on Saturday night. The Sat. night crew is cool.
4	Being a downtown dweller such as I am I feel it is my duty to "represent" any neighborhood do-gooders that add to the up and coming downtown landscape.  With that in mind The Lost Leaf is today's do-gooder.  When referring to the atmosphere at The Lost Leaf I have heard many comparisons to a cozy house party and I would not disagree.  The big difference is you can't chip in five bucks for the keg and drink till you get sick in the back yard.  That and I don't remember my buddies parents house having a collection of local artists work on display with mood lighting, good music playing and nobody messing with the stereo trying to play their songs.I love finding places with a beer selection that includes a few brews I have not tried or even heard of before and The Lost Leaf does not disappoint.  By now you can probably notice a trend in some of my reviews, yes my good people I like a cold tasty beer every now and then.  The good thing about the beer menu here is they have a great selection of the standard favorites and several brews that are a tad more obscure. The Lost Leaf is in the center of one of First Friday's major hubs (5th Street & Roosevelt) so you can usually find a mix of people from trendy artists, punks and emos to some of the hipper late twenties and thirties crowd that have grown tired of the Mill or Scottsdale club scenes.  The nice thing is with all that hipness it still does not come across as too pretentious.  In short it's a cool place so get down there, pull up a stool and enjoy yourself.  Cheers.
4	Aside from debating the merits of what constitutes a four star vs. a five star review with Bonnie G and Erica O (aka Judith Light from Who's the Boss), or the Carrie Bradshaw-like storytelling from Sarah K., I can't really decide what the highlight of the evening was.  Here are the highlights of the Lost Leaf. . Great lighting, . Awesome hardwood floors, . Exposed brickwork everywhere . Near-perfect sound level at just the right decibel for the late 20s and 30s Downtown scenester crowd inside.. Art created by locals adorns the walls.  . Cool little side patio for smokers.. Diverse bottled beer selection (perhaps that's to make up for the lack of beers on tap - which is zero.. Awkward bar layout - that makes for difficult traffic flow to back half of bar when it's busy.Yes, this is a hybrid bar - art gallery, and I like it a lot, but not enough to warrant a five star rating.  Why?  Something seems a bit lacking here and I'm not sure what it is.  Regardless, this was a great place to hold the first-ever Yelp event.  It's a great space, don't get me wrong, but I can't say enthusiastically it's five star.Here's a tip:  AVOID on a First Friday.  It's way too packed and not worth waiting in line to see and do.
4	I think I'm in love. If I only lived closer to Downtown Phoenix, I'd leave my mark on the Lost Leaf in the form of a permanent intaglio of my ass cheeks on a bar stool. It's tucked away on a side street in a humble looking home cum art gallery cum bar. It can be a little tricky to find since no sign exists, so keep an eye out for the neon lit open sign. You definitely don't want to miss out on this place by becoming frustrated after fruitlessly ducking down side streets, saying fuck it and going to The Roosevelt. While it wouldn't be a total bust, you'd be missing out on the warm and inviting ambiance of the Lost Leaf.That's really what won me over about this bar. It made me feel downright cozy, with exposed brick and wood, local artist's artwork decorating the walls, and the actual kitchen serving as the bar. The main room is large enough to host a large group, but small enough to be homey. The acoustics are very good (soft talkers rejoice!) and the music playing was loud enough to add to the mood, but nowhere near the point of drowning out conversation. There are a couple rooms in addition to the main bar area that you can duck off into for more intimate conversation, as well as an outdoor patio that's a little on the small side but, super score--there's ceiling fans!I found the prices to be very reasonable and the service to be unpretentious and helpful. There are no beers on tap here, but the selection of bottles is mind bogglingly extensive. I had to ask the bartender to get me his favorite pale beer and I ended up finding out that I am also in love with a brew called 1664. Looks like a wine cooler, but manages to be respectable instead of laughable.So bring a couple friends with you and indulge one night, and then another, and another. You'll be love struck too.
5	man what an amazing PHX bar ,.,. I wish every out of towner went here....been her 4 times but only drank twice....last time 10/13/07Decor: Imagine your next door neighbors old historic house converted to a bar oh and your house is an Art gallery....and so is the bar........the bar has rotating art really difrrent stuff that yet sets the feeling of the Lost leaf...Music on some nights...People! great during First fridays...packed great mix of good creative people with so crazy, Stilt walkers, Fire breathers, Sword swallowers one night,... laid back old reguars and musicans another night.... the first friday they where packed....but the other friday was good too...Drinks....well priced but they mainly have beer and wine...they didn't have some hard liquer I was looking for...can't find something wrong to give - stars too....must go back and investigate....
4	I have a friend who has a story about looking for a bar in the Phx with her slightly flaky friend only to end up in someone's house that happened to have a neon "open" sign in the window.  I'm kind of convinced that news of this story was the inspiration for the Lost Leaf at its new location.  It would be hard for you to convince me of anything less idiosyncratic.  They have a pretty rocking selection of bottled beers, interesting art displays, an awkwardly placed restroom which makes it pretty easy to mess with people (which is always fun), and it isn't too far from modified.  Crowded on FF's?  Oh hell yes.  And a fine place if you're going on a date and you're skeptical about it -- because at least you get to go to an awesome place.... which supports the dating philosophy I developed after meeting up with a dude who talked about his ferret a little too much:  Never go anywhere lame for a first date.  Because if the activity is lame and the dude (or lady as the case may be) is lame you will be out ten bucks for gas (in these parts) and MISERABLE.  Getting hit by a hail storm of women's shoes on the drive home should never be the only part of a date that you want to remember....but the shoe hailstorm is another story for another review....
4	I have renounced my former hatred of this bar.You must go on Sundays and Monday's because Jason the bartender plays (REAL) punk rock and he knows so much about all of the beer choices. Thursdays are great because another bartender plays some hip yet classy jazz music. The beer selections are quirky and unique, a different direction than the sophis neighbor The Roosevelt's elegant beer menu. You must go in there and get the strangest brew you can fathom drinking. It will be cool. Plus, this is my number one pick for the best bar to go sit and chat at. It's a place to sit and talk and hear some kick ass music. So, after going a few times, I am convinced, I really like this bar. Go ahead, don't let the endless stream of hipsters scare you...
5	Okay, you caught me. I f'n love this place. It's THE place I want to go when I want to somewhere - so forgive me friends if I pester you with going out, for I often have a hankering from what The Lost Leaf is selling. It's an art bar, with incredible beers to pick from and music to listen to. I can't get enough of this place. If it tells you anything, I chose to hang out here to celebrate my birthday this past February. It's the one and only place I wanted to go, and I am so thrilled my friends either a) already loved this place or b) heard such great things about The Lost Leaf, they couldn't wait to check it out. At the end of the night, everyone in my party were Lost Leaf believers. Amen!* **MY FIRST REVIEW OF THE LOST LEAF:I absolutely love this place! Hardwood floors. Exposed brick walls and columns. A high ceiling. Low lighting. Art on the walls. Fun coasters on the table. Hues of red wafting through the interior. Plenty of tables and seats, even in different "sections" of the place. A cozy bar with an impressive beer menu. I love love love The Lost Leaf. After watching Lars and The Real Girl (an outstanding movie, btw), my comrade and I ventured to find a beer. Not just any beer. I told him The Roosevelt had a great HazelNut Brown (from Rogue). I was itchin' for that. Well, I texted Google to find the address to The Roosevelt, but nothing came back. (It's true, you can text Google for just about anything now!) Having realized The Lost Leaf was in the same area, I texted Google again. Success! So, we headed toward that area and stumbled upon The Lost Leaf. (I know it's hard to stumble upon anything when you have the direct address, but humor me.) For a Sunday night around 8, this place was semi-busy. About 5 people at the bar and a couple tables occupied. Of course, the bartender was quick to tell us that last Sunday was a bit heavier with traffic, and if we stuck around, we'd get to hear one of the best local jazz bands. Too bad we really hadn't planned to stay out that late, for I do love jazz. The bartender went on to tell me two things I didn't know. 1. There's a Third Friday that's supposedly better than First Friday because it's not over-run by band-wagoners. Awesome. 2. If you peddle your bike to the bar, your first beer is a buck. Yep, just one dollar. You can't beat that! (You don't actually peddle to the bar. You can park your bike outside.)I felt right at home at this place. I can't put my finger on just one thing. I think it's the entire experience, from decor and service to even the music, for whatever XM or satellite station they had on, it played Black Rebel Motorcycle Club's "Weapon of Choice." %&*#$!!! There's nothing like a favorite song by a favorite band to trigger great memories and jump-start really good conversations. But, enough about that. Let's talk beer. I knew right away what I wanted when I saw they offered the Rogue HazelNut Brown. 22 oz. Yes! (And for $7.) My friend got the Monk Madness, also from Rogue, and enjoyed it very much. We sampled each other's and concurred: we each made the right choice. 22 oz is alot to swallow, so I took my time, enjoying how the 13 ingredient beer hit the spot. Ahhh....! I definitely will be back to The Lost Leaf. I feel like it's my kind of place. I guess if I had to pick any place in Phoenix that reflected my personality, I'd pick this one. I think it has character, a unique and clear vibe, catering to artistic expression and "mood" lighting. Plus, there's also wine available for the nights I'm feeling like slipping into a happy, relaxed state of mind. Definitely, this place is where I can get lost from the everyday hum-drum and just be myself.
3	The Lost Leaf reminds me exactly of a fraternity house in North Philly.  I'm serious....I spent many a college night in places just like this.  The kitchen (which is obviously never used for cooking) that now doubles as the bar and the patio where the smokers congregate all just screamed fraternity house to me.  That's not really a good thing, you know? Of course in fraternity bathrooms you find half naked pictures of hot chicks, not broads with hairy breasts. They do have a pretty impressive beer selection (my husband loved that he could get Hebrew...the Chosen beer...) but I don't drink beer so that didn't do much for me.
5	What a cool little accident!   What started out as a trip to find the Roosevelt turned into an impromptu journey into the living room of some random guy.  Check that, some random guy who just happens to really like to drink.  I can't emphasize this point enough... this is not the type of "bar" I'm used to seeing.  It's an old retrofitted house.   The "bar" is what used to be the kitchen.  Your table (or standing area if you go when it's busy) is in what used to be the living room (or "fronchroom", if you're a fellow chicagoan).  I liked the design on the inside.  Hardwood floors, exposed beams, art on the walls, very low light.  *very* low light.  I had to hold the beer menu a few inches from my face before I could decide what to order.  However, a bar shouldn't be bright.  Throw on some good tunes on Sirius Underground Garage and you've got yourself a mood.On to the beer:  Huge list of microbrews, many from the area and a ton from Oregon.  I went with the Monk Madness Rogue in a 22oz bottle.  7.4% apv of tastiness.  I liked the hoppy bite at the end.  My fellow drinker did not.  That's the great thing about this place, though.  There are so many different beers to explore.  Let's review:-Intimate place-Conducive to good conversation-Great beer list (also have a good wine list, including sake)-No $30k millionaires4.5 stars rounded up.
5	I have a dream for downtown Phoenix, and that is that all of the art-houses, such as Lost Leaf would endorse alcohol, wine, and spirits during the 30 other days outside of First Friday (gag!) and kitsch the fuck out of our downtown.  Really, considering all of the exquisitely designed and perfectly placed art-houses in the central area, our sleepy little downtown would be one of the coolest, most unique places in the US.  Sadly, only Lost Leaf has truly embraced this idea, and they've made good on their attempt.  Bottled beer and wine are about the only thing you can get here, but their selection is interesting and their prices moderate.  Their set-up is really bistro-esque, but it works.  Plus the fact that the LL is a part-time gallery is a cool requirement for placing a heap of engaging art on the walls.Edit: Recently discovered that Monday's are Jazz Night and are freaking AWESOME.
5	Sometimes things just come together. The Universe occasional opens an opportunity for perfect alignment. Like in Dec 21st 2012, Our Sun will align with the center of the Milky Way, this happens once every 2 million years or so. This is the same day according to the Mayans  that the World will end as we know it, and we will enter a new era.  When I stepped into the Lost Leaf, I felt aligned with the Milky Way for the first time in a bar/pub. This place is  the bomb for beer lovers, and appreciators of simplicity, art, and uniqueness. The range of beer is wide, and the cost is low. The clientle is different, unique, and striving for something more in  a town of cookie cutter buildings and plasticine people.  The musical guest of the night, Matt Hopper :http://www.matthopper.com/  (check him out, he is great)was entertaining and very talented. I didn't even realize a live person was playing as I was hidden away in a corner and couldn't see him on the "stage". I actually said "wow, this is live!" The acoustics are great in the place, with vaulted ceilings and brick walls. The art sporadically hung throughout the bar is interesting and offers nice eye candy, besides the patrons and beer. They serve wine as well, but no hard liquor or draft beer. So all you mix drinkers, stay away, please we don't want you here anyway. Yes, this place is for the hipster, emo, punk, artsy, angst driven snob. but hey we need our Old Town Scottsdale too damn it!  This area near the Roosevelt and the Art Walk is OUR Old Town.  So bring us your tired, tattooed, opinionated, and free minded spirits. We except all like us.  Go here, drink beer....plain and simple.
4	I decided to go ahead and review this bar again. I'm upping my initial rating of three stars to four. Since the initial review, this bar has gone to great lengths to bring something interesting to do in my neck of the woods each night of the week. I love the live jazz music on Sunday nights. I love the events on First Friday. And most of all, I love the crowd and community that is building in downtown Phoenix that spots like this are helping to fosterI recently took a friend here that lives in Tempe and doesn't venture to Phoenix much.. We tend to go to Casey Moore's often when we're out in Tempe. He compared the Lost Lead to a more sophisticated Casey Moore's. I'd say that's a pretty accurate description. It's inviting and free of pretension, while at the same time bringing that smart and edgy flavor that Phoenix is all about. I love this bar!
5	I love this block I love this bar. The whole experience has me wanting to move to Phoenix. The galleries on this residential block had us initially confused as to which was the bar. Once we got in, we were treated to some awesome live jazz and a cool vibe which made me feel like I was in Portland.
5	Amazing place!!!It's commonly stated that it feels like someones house.We'll it was! Built originally around 1918 this bar is a guttedhouse. It boasts vaulted ceilings, original hardwood floors, exposed brick walls and two clean, up-kept bathrooms.The bar is not the original kitchen but it does have wood cabinetsand most of the beer clearly in view through the glass door refrigerator.There is currently no beer on tap but that is soon to be changedby the end of the summer. Renovations will include an out door patioand 5-10 beers on tap. yummm. :)Also good points;-Huge beer selection (over 100 micro brews and domestics)-Over 15 wines-SAKE-Muli types of organic wine and  beer-Live music-Monthly rotating art-work for first Friday (all money goes to artist if paid with cash)This is a great place to take out-of-towners. always impressed.Also pretty sure the only downtown phx bar that's worth going tothat is open 7 days a week till 2. yeah. really sure.Live music every Thursday-Monday (live jazz sun, mon)oh yeah and i'm not just saying this because i work here, it wasmy favorite bar before i forced them to hire me ;)check out the daily updated website for menu and show listings :)www.thelostleaf.org
3	We stopped in for a couple of drinks on my last night in town. This is a cute neighborhood that I wish I'd had more time to explore (things were closed on Easter). I'm glad the Lost Leaf was open the next night though, because we got to try some local brews, relax and enjoy the interesting art, and take in some jazz. It was pretty hopping for a Monday night. The only less-than-great thing was the bartender's attitude left a little something to be desired.
4	It's small, but serviceable.  The beer selection is really, really great.  It's actually good enough you forget they don't have anything on tap.It's loud inside.  This can go either way, but I thought it was fine.  Everybody seems to be having a a nice time of it.  Good DJ.I'm knocking one star off for the snotty bartender who incorrectly corrected me on how to pronounce Hoegaarden.
5	This is a great place. My fiance and I decided that if we lived anywhere close to Phoenix, we would be there all the time, probably almost every day. Their website boasts 80+ beers, 20 wines, 3 sakes, 10+ organic brews & wines, and off-the-grid wine. They live up to their boasting. Keep in mind that she and I could be considered to be beer snobs crossed with beer adventurists. The Lost Leaf filled our need for cool microbrews that we like a lot as well as cool stuff we had never had. The bartender with very knowledgeable too, which is always a plus in a place like this. They have great art on the walls, most of which I think is for sale. They often have events going on as well. When we were there, a figure drawing event was happening. They also have a poetry open mic, live music, a DJ, and a bunch of other stuff. It's definitely worth checking out.
4	We love the lost leaf! There is always some kind of entertainment, maybe just a few musicians jamming in the back, very hip. The place is cozy, there's no sign in front other than an OPEN neon sign. If you love beer, they've got hundreds of beers by the bottle. I am also a wine drinker, I only wish they would broaden the wine list a little, even if that means putting a few more expensive bottles on the list....BOTTOM LINE: I like the beer & the place is near!
4	Great little bar right off of Roosevelt in a beautifully renovated home.  The walls are covered with some pretty awesome artwork too.  It's small and cozy, so if they are really busy it's not really my favorite place to be.  And, it's not a good idea to show up at the end of the night because the variety of beers is staggering and incredibly difficult to read on their menu if you've already tipped back a few.I personally like it when it's a little slower earlier in the evening so that I can peruse the menu and try a bunch of different beers.Overall, this place is a fabulous addition to the downtown scene.
4	So considering I'm a badass yuppie who has a sick 500 square foot apartment in downtown (yeah thats how I roll yo). I have been lucky enough to have lost leaf within stumbling distance, sure they don't sell hard booze or even serve food, and yeah if you ask for ice they get it out of one of the cabinet drawers (I thought that was rad) but this place is pretty relaxed, and a perfect place to take girls who don't get much sun and think the smiths are the greatest band of all time (they so aren't...radiohead son)One piece of advice is to stay away during first friday it gets really crammed and quite hot, plus these places can't really staff up so service blows son.
2	I used to frequent the Lost Leaf almost daily starting the day they opened, unfortunately I cannot say the same anymore. I used to love the refrigerator full of beers, the music, and the cool little home, not to mention the biggest thing, the promise of a full bar. Now, everytime I go there it's full of douchebags, they are out of the beer I want, and the music has somehow become sucky. Perhaps the biggest kicker... there is still no full bar! The servers are surly kids, who have the audacity to tell you were you cannot stand, seemingly forgetting they work in the hospitality industry. If this were a city with a ton of good bars, that would never fly. But since they are one of the only games in the area, most people go back just out of convienence. The last time I was there, we coaxed a bum to dance to 1920's tunes that were being played out of the treehouse out front. That was about the only redeeming quality. And I swear if I see one more dude with girls jeans trying to look cool with a bomber of the worst beer imaginable I'm gonna snap.Thanks for ruining what could have been an awesome hang out spot guys.
4	Walking into The Lost Leaf, I instantly knew I'd be back again!  Live music playing in the back room, great crowd and artsy decor spelled "Home" for me.Went with a bunch of other Yelpers (Happy Birthday, Jacqui!) and had a blast.  The music wasn't so loud I couldn't hear anyone I was talking with.  Seemed like an awesome beer selection, though I didn't see what wine was offered.I am one of the few who really likes the high-tops.  The clientele was a younger crowd of Phoencians enjoying what the downtown of PHX has to offer.  It was full, but I think I expected a larger crowd on a Saturday night.  The local art on the walls made it seem less pretentious than most places.  And, the wood!  Wood everywhere!  I thought I was back East.  Hardwood floors, beamed ceiling.  I could picture it as a place to go after skiing back home.  I thought the kitchen was cute, but a little "homey".  I swear I saw a dishwasher, and not an industrial one!Of course, couldn't beat the company!  Jacqui and Dave B, Nathan, Kristin, Stevey P and my favorite boys, Thomas and Ricky made the night A+
4	Major life accomplishments:Not vomiting during Cloverfield.Puberty.Finding Lost LeafSeriously. Nestled among other small houses, sits the Lost Leaf. No signage that I could see. No address. Minimal lighting.That just makes it even cooler. Recently met some friends there for Jacqui's birthday and we had a blast. Y'all know so much about this place already. But did you know the big painting in the main room is kinda scary after a large Bastard beer. Check the third dude. His eyes follow you. And if you forget your debit card and call to ask them just to cut it up for you, he says he's required to say aloud and back to you, "Sir, you have just asked me to cut up your debit card. Is this what you want me to do?" Uh, yea. I strangely appreciated that. No table service that I know of, just crawl up to the bar when your Bastard is empty. Live music from the back room is a great touch and plays throughout the house. Full of urbanites, hipsters, scenesters and this night tipsy, silly, photo snapping yelpers. Lost Leaf. You're lost no more.
5	I live about a mile from here. How did I never know it existed?I'm reviewing it while sitting here on my Mac Book Pro soaking up the free WIFI and a Strongbow cider, in the dark, feeling cool as fuck. It's dark. There's lots of wood. Jazz music on the stereo. This place is awesome. I feel awesome just being here. Well, I usually feel awesome, but now I feel double plus super secret awesome and a half. And it's not just the cider talking. As the Terminator said... I'll be back.There's no sign. Just look for the blue and red OPEN led's in the window.Wifi key: speakeasy. I feel like I'm in one.
4	Describing the Lost Leaf, I feel like I shouldn't like it...but I really really do.There is no signage out front so I was very timid approaching from the outside but once I did boy was I glad.Most of the art I have seen on the walls is so bad it is good. They rotate it out so I have to assume there is occassionally great stuff up. No beer on tap? WTF? And I have never heard of most of the beers...Thats ok, ask the staff for reccomendations based on what you like and you won't be disapointed. I had a beer in a wine sized bottle...how cool am I now?In the back room they have live music and things of this nature. A stand up bass...I am in!Seriously this place in unpretentiously pretentious. or the other way around. One way or the other it is a great place to meet up and have a laid back great time.
5	this is by far one of the better bars in the roosevelt area. great selection of beer. atmosphere very hip. deffinelty a hipster bar, i think the bike rack outside says enough.the price is average for a psudo speak easy. if you have never been to lost leaf, think house party. the "bar" is basicly a converted kitchen. beer bottles crown the cabinetry and instead of a traditional fridge, there is a clear face beverage fridge. they also have below counter coolers as well. accoustics are decent, but gets very very loud when they have a live jam band. great experiance.
4	This is my kind of place. Had i not known of the Lost Leaf I would have never found it. Its a house in the historic district.  after hesitantly walking in, I find it to be a cozy dimly lit 'house' it reminded me of hanging out at a friends place in college (well replace the blacklight posters with art work). The beer selection is top notch as well as the music. i dont go out to bars much, seeing as I am on a drinking hiatus, but this is a place I would go to... just for the atmosphere, music and folks.
5	The Lost Leaf is tits.  The music offered there is of the freshest and best quality within the phoenix music scene.  They have a great beer selection and the hang is superb.  One of the hippest most cultured places in the city.  The staff are cool as hell too.  Go here.
3	My first visit to the Lost Leaf was last Friday during First Friday and we didn't stay for even 10 minutes because it was so packed. Last night, after lots of peer pressure, I ventured over there again. It was a lot more mellow then. We had a good group of people and grabbed a REALLY high top table. The Lost Leaf carries a lot of different beers!  Alas it was a school night so I could not partake of it too much.I can't wait to go back and try a bunch of them!I can't wait to return to Lost Leaf and increase their rating. For now I'll leave it at 3, I was only there for about an hour. I think if you just want to chill with some friends, drink some interesting beers and chat the night away, this is a GREAT spot to do it!
4	I really like the Lost Leaf. Despite the semi-typical "try hard" crowd of a lot of down town Phoenix bars. The last time I was in, my friend and I ride up and are approached  by some too cool for school hipster guy that was obsessed with my buddy's fixie ride.       Whateva.... I have a sweet little bell and the ability to coast bitch. Anyway, my review of the bar itself echo's most of the others. I love the interior, I love sitting on the stump on the porch to enjoy my beer / wine fueled stogie smoking. I only wish I could bring my drink out with me.  At times the service has left a bit to be desired but in their defense they do get busy (and then there's that whole too cool for school thing that sometimes transcends into the employees ;). At any rate it's a primarily enjoyable place with a good atmosphere and an awesome beer selection. BYOC *bring your own company* and you should be just fine.
4	There is so much that is packed into the small, totally unassuming space.  For starters, if my sister didn't start walking up the pathway to the front door, I never would have known this was a bar.  I looks just like a house, with just a small "Open" sign giving it any sort of resemblance to a bar from the outside.  Once inside, the vibe of this place is out of this world.  Folks of the low key, kinda-funky kinda-normal variety inhabit the place, with great local artwork adoring the walls and once small bar area in the back corner.  Don't come hungry, but definitely come thirsty, especially if you are like me and love your beer. This ranks towards the top of my list of places where you can drink beers from all over the nation (and the world) under one roof.  Two columns of beer fill the menu, and you get a great bang for your buck on the prices of these beers.  Even if you are not an artsy, hipster, funky type of person, if you love your beer at all you must step foot inside.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Great name as the place is definitely "lost"... absolutely no sign marking this hideaway other than the generic open sign. Once we got here (for a friend's birthday party) we enjoyed ourselves immensely - they have a large selection of bottled beer and a great wine list - no liquor though.The place is small and busy (on the weekends). I did notice a lot of hats (fedora's, caps, and berets) I was not one of these cooler hipsters, but they accepted me anyway.I highly recommend you give the lost leaf a try.If I remember correctly it is located a little south of Roosevelt on 5th ST.
4	There's really nothing I can say about Lost Leaf you don't already know, so I went ahead and put together small, manageable lists of my completely unwarranted opinions.Things I Like:-The "someone used to totally live here but we made it into a party place!" vibe so characteristic of Roosevelt Row.-Everything comes in a can or bottle. I don't know why, but it seems so futuristic, like those automat's you see in movies set in the 50's (there was one in Dark City, I think). That and draft is overrated. There. I said it. Anyone who's been to Yard House knows that for every draft beer there is a bad pipe and inexperienced bartender waiting to permanently defame your favorite beer.-All the kitschy "art for art's sake" pieces that didn't make the cut to be displayed at Modified Arts.-A menu that clearly states the price of each spirit in a font that is universally legible. The prices might be a little high, but at least they're consistent. None of this "today I think I'll charge five dollars instead of four" hooey you get at other bars (you know who you are...)-Total safe space. As Amanda's boss most eloquently said "girls keep going into the bathroom in twos...I think they're doing drugs...or something...."Things I Don't Necessarily Care For:-The tables that go up to your chin. This is not a reasonable way for anatomically correct adults (especially those consuming liquor) to be seated. You're a bar. Lose the lifeguard chairs.-They only stock two lambics. At 8 dollars a can, you can afford to have more of a selection than just framboise and peche. Jesus, what are we, barbarians?-The sore throat I got (admittedly in vain) trying to speak over the music.
5	My favorite part of Lost Leaf is that it still feels like a house more than a bar. It's like you're going to your buddy's house and everyone you run into looks semi-familiar which adds to the comfy feel. There is a friendliness and welcoming vibe to Lost Leaf that I just don't get at other area bars like The Roosevelt. I can't help but adore the bar & the total embrace of leaving it as a kitchen. I love the beer & wine choices and seeing stuff on them I have never heard of and trying something new. Plus live music and local art, I am sold. This is definitely one of my favorite spots in Phoenix.
4	I'm glad I finally tried this place.  My friends and I were looking for a chill bar in downtown that wasn't going to be deserted on a Sunday night and Lost Leaf was just the right amount of lively!  We decided to sit in a little nook near the entrance since the band was so loud.  There was a live band of brass players and they weren't crazy loud the whole time, but the crescendo of each song was definitely enough to make us move far away!  Bars like Lost Leaf are what make downtown great.
4	One of the few places I'll pay for a bottle of beer out. The prices are far from ridiculous, but I am a frugal girl and prefer my 12 pack of Blue Moon on sale at Safeway. I am very much a beer and wine girl, but my wallet usually turns its nose up at anything but draft (because I can't get that at home). However, if I'm in the mood for a cold one, a special cold one, this is the place for a bottle of beer.  This cozy pub-like house bar boasts a list of a million beers, a couple hundred wines and tens of sakes from which to choose. I exaggerate, but it is extensive. But you knew that already. Sometimes I enjoy the Wild Blue(berry) or Sam Adam's cherry. I had an organic something there last time and it was yum. The Leaf might be small and dim, but it is far from sleepy. I like it. Once they get some draft action, I'll love it.
5	I'm adding a star to my original review for a couple of reasons. #1) I'm totally falling for this place. The last few times I've been in I've recieved a LOT less attitude from the bar staff. Crappy attitudes don't bother me too much to begin with. I figure that the person in question either has an overinflated ego (because it takes a pretty high skill level to open beer and poor wine) or they're PMS'ing....whatever. Either way, one thing is for certain...it's not my problem.It is nice to be warmly received though... and they are extremely knowledgeable when questioned about the different artists. I felt as though they genuinely gave a shit that words were coming out of my mouth.... how refreshing.  ;-)bringing me to---#2) The art (recently)- let's just say that I have a couple of new favorite local artists and if things go the way I expect them too, I may not be able to pay my rent next month.The End
5	Great place to mellow out. Nice local art. I usually like to taper down and end my night here. Typically, the first place I think of when my family is in town and wants to head somewhere in the PHX area. Also awesome beer selection and a staff that doesn't get on your nerves.
4	This place is a gem. It is uniquely tucked away in area that is surrounded by art galleries. With no sign to lure you in (except for a small open sign), we felt like we were in 'the know' once we found it. Wooden floors, red and earth tones color walls and soft lighting made me feel cozy, relax and definitely ready to have a drink.The artwork that hangs on the walls are unique and provided us with some great topics of conversation. They offer a great selection of bottle beer and a variety of wines. They do offer drinks specials,and though we were not told by the bartender, I found them posted in a piece of paper located in the fridge at the bar.No food though.. even if they have a fridge ;)I loved this place and I am glad to announce that it is no longer lost, but it has been found.
5	Stumbled upon this place last night (during First Friday) and couldn't find a sign or the name until we saw a poster hanging inside. Cool house that was built in the 20's, with the DJ up top in the loft (music was great), lots of great art on the walls and the bar has been built into where the kitchen of the house was. They were totally packed and coudn't even get out to the back but it was really fun. Everyone  was friendly and having fun. The website says they offer 80+ beers, we had Blue Moons and some others I'd never seen before (which is always cool!). Highly recommended, especially for First Friday- the artists selling their works, jewelry, handmade goods, purses, sunglasses and more are lined up down the street near the Lost Leaf, and you can walk a short distance to galleries and the AZ Center (great place to park if you don't get downtown early).
4	mellow, chill lighting, beautiful woodwork...i dig it.  i don't drink beer, but if you do and you appreciate the good stuff, this is certainly a spot to hit.  personally, i enjoyed a creamy, sweet root beer and if they served  a vegan dessert i think i would bump them up to 5 stars .  either way i'll go back.
5	I think this is my favorite bar in Phoenix...not that I go out nearly as much as I used to in my college days, or that I've tried most of the bars here...but I found a place I like and I see no reason not to go back.We went on a Saturday, which was on the quieter side at first but ended up pretty busy.  They had a cool local band playing (Sonorous) which really worked well in the space.  The bartender last night was very friendly.  They have cheap PBR, tons of beer, and a decent wine list.This place makes for a chill night.
4	I like this place.  Especially on weekday nights.  Reasonable drink prices.  Decent selection (my faves are the Vanilla Porter and Frambois Lambic). Great mood lighting.  Good tunes.  I was just in there tonight (Monday) and there was live jazz going down.First fridays its kinda crazy but if you hang out for a bit eventually you'll get a seat.The art on the walls is kinda hit-or-miss.  Sometimes thought provoking.  Other times vomit-invoking (in the "how did this merit being hung on a wall in a public space" sense).  Interesting at the very least.If you hate the bar vibe in Tempe like I do, you will likely enjoy this spot.Wish they had beer on tap and some edibles (cheese, chocolate, nuts) though.
4	Great little bar. Excellent selection of bottled beers. Definitly caters to more sophisticated beer drinkers.The ambience is very cool with a rotation of artwork on the walls, and live bands playing some nights. The prices are very reasonable. It's a nice quiet spot to enjoy a few beers.
4	A more refined, mature, smaller, Casey Moores. What? That's not at all saying it's bad, I have an ongoing affair with Casey's and I would probably have a torrid love affair with The Lost Leaf if it weren't for the distance between us. We've flirted, and maybe when the train opens, we'll see where it takes me.
4	I enjoy going to the lost leaf with friends. I guess I appreciate that it's a neighbourhood place populated with neighbourhood type folks.I end up here almost EVERY first friday, and it's always packed. They have added a cash only "mini bar" right by the front door that helped ease some of the congestion at the main bar.Also good times during the week - nice place with good bands. Personally I don't care that they don't serve liquor, they have a GREAT beer selection. My favourite is Three Philosophers.
4	Good people watching, and nice atmosphere -- a definitely hip, edgy crowd, but even a girl next door like me felt totally comfy.I'd love to come back to this place when a band is playing -- it would remind me of being back in college, without worries of the cops busting the crowd.Great art on the walls, nice selection of beers.  My only complaint is that they don't give you an orange slice when you order a Blue Moon.  That should just HAPPEN, ya know?
5	Cozy and cute, and within biking distance!Just don't go on First Friday.
5	Loved loved loved this place.  Went there last night, for my first time believe it or not, with my new wonderful Downtown tourguide Will, and fell in love right when we walked into the door.Everything about this place is right.  From the photography and other interesting art displayed on the walls to the simple fridge full of GREAT beer selections, nothing disappointed me.The Stork Hunters were playing and don't even get me started on them, I feel compelled to write a whole additional review to talk about how much ass they kicked.  So freaking cool.  Who knew that a xylophone could be so bad ass.Very cool crowd.  You have your typical urban hipster crowding in most of the place but you also had people like me, definitely not urban hipster and I felt very comfortable.  Everybody was so nice, again, being from Scottsdale, still not really used to that, and I just loved it.  Pretty sure I met every single person in the place by the time we left from owners to bandmembers to bartenders.  Everyone was very mellow and genuinely happy to meet you.Can't wait to go back
5	First a note, avoid during First Friday! Now I say that for two reasons. First, because it's overflowing with art-walkers, and not just kind of overflowing, I'm talking like Rush Limbaugh in an extra small halter top overflowing (uhuh, shutters). Also, maybe if enough people stop going I can start going. Feh I can wish can't I.On all other nights it's perfect. Only bottled beer and wine by the glass/bottle so be aware no mixed drinks. Still though that shouldn't deter anyone. The house is a little hard to find but that just adds to the quaintness. The crowd is really laid back and age ranges vary which I like. It makes for better people watching. No Dos Gringos bruhs in Affliction shirts.They have some neat niche beers and are usually throwing something new and different into the mix. The bartenders are nice and the prices are very fair. The music selection is good, no top 40 stuff. The atmosphere is nice and dark with exposed brick walls and good art from local artists.Side note: There's a lock up area for bikes in front although it's limited, it's nice if you live in the area and want to bike for beers.
4	It's a cool little downtown bar, with a bit of a Portland or Seattle feel to it.  Dinky house, old dark wood finishings, neat art on the walls, and for the most part a fun, relaxed clientele.  Conversations with strangers just seem to flow here.Don't expect to find the exact drink you want, but there are plenty of great beers if you're flexible.  And yeah, skip it on First Friday.  Twice the people watching implies--by Newton's Fouth Law--four times the jostling.   That night had me thinking more frat party than alternative chillout.
4	The arts district is starting to grow on me. At first, I really thought this area was Phoenix forcing itself to create a legitimate art scene, and in truth, that is what it's doing. My argument is that you can't create a culture that's not there. But with that, some authenticity does arise. The Lost Leaf is one such place.The beer list a this place is both extensive and choice. I've never been to a bar where I could find a Gonzo Imperial Porter. If a bar has anything that's Ralph Steadman in it., even on a bottle (such as this), I'm all for it. I ended up getting a Vanilla porter of some kinda, I forget the name though but it was pretty good and only $4. The look of this place is kinda hard to describe. It's like if Pee-Wee Herman joined the Road Warrior in some post-apocalyptic bike gang and then came back and re-opened his playhouse as a bar. I say that with no malice either. I love the decor here and to be honest, I really don't know how else to describe a bar that has a relief of the Creature From the Black Lagoon hanging on the wall next to a bust of something that looks like one of the melting Nazis from Raiders of the Lost Ark.In all, I really wasn't disappointed by this place at all. Good beer, good art, and a good space.
4	One of the loveliest and quaint little bars I have ever been to in my life!It's in what was once a residential home on a residential street. This, to me, adds considerably to its appeal!They have an appreciable selection of beers and ales in the bottle. I don't drink wine so I can't comment, but there were people drinking some.The lighting was perfect. The atmosphere was VERY pleasant! The pricing was good.Definitely need to go back!
5	What a great, non-traditional way to spend St. Patrick's Day!Last night was the second time I've been to Lost Leaf and it just solidified my love for this place. Groovy to the max! Their assortment of beers is obscene and beautiful, and the prices are wonderfully affordable. There isn't much more to say, other than I really do have a hardon for this bar.
5	This is a great bar on a weeknight.  Drop in and you can brush elbows with the proud and the few who don't think downtown Phoenix is lacking in culture or things to do - Arizona democrats, starving artists, veteran weirdos.  Although the Leaf does lack a tap, the beer and wine list is great, especially if you like strong beers.servers are always friendly and attentive.  art is always nice.  when there is live music, it is always good.  also, their toilets are made of solid gold.I hate to criticize a place for it's popularity, but during the weekend and especially during artwalks, Lost Leaf can get crowded really, really quick, and the space is small enough that conversation can get drowned out pretty easily.  No worse than any other bar - just a heads up!
4	I like the Lost Leaf.  It's just a chill place to hang out, with a great beer selection.  The selection of microbrewed bottles is pretty extensive, and certainly better than the selection you'll find anywhere else Downtown.  The loss of a star is for two things - no draft beer and no food.  I personally love draft beer, so I wouldn't mind seeing a few taps in here.  Some sort of bar menu would also be good, but that's less of an issue for me.  If Lost Leaf ever gets any beer on tap I would probably bump to 5 stars.
5	If you ever want to instantly "up" your cool factor with a friend or date, meet them at the Lost Leaf. The mere fact that there is no external sign (other than the tacky "open" sign indicating that it is, indeed, the lost leaf) you would probably never have any idea that the best neighborhood bar in Phoenix is inside. When i am asked to describe the lost leaf to someone who has never been before, it is basically a big open house with the most well-stocked beer fridge you have ever seen.No cocktails or draft, but for atmosphere and quality of beer selection, lost leaf is by far my favorite place to meet people in dtown phoenix.
5	This is a very fine bar for those who don't like bars.  The exterior with it's one bright "Open" sign and minimal lighting, portrays a look like the Amityville House Jr., but inside is a very clean, nicely decorated house with places to sit.  Also, if you want to smoke, there is a back patio.   You can get wine, beer and---that's about it but that is okay as this is not really a "get yourself smashed" bar but a "drink casually with friends" bar.
4	Only thing they need is some simple bar snacks. Beers from $2.  How can you to wrong with that? Wish I lived downtown.  $1 off $4 and up beers for happy hour. West side of road 3rd house south of Roosevelt on 5th st. So check it out!
4	I love the Lost Leaf for not ony becuase it's cool and hip, but because I am always made to feel welcome and relaxed - as I am not that cool or hip.  The crowd varies, but I like to go on Sunday night and listen to Jazz.  They have had some great bands there and I like how they prefer the local talent - the artists, the musicians, and the bevies.There is no food, which is really sad.  I wish they had packaged food to nosh on, or took the approach that SideBar did wtih the package nosh (hummus and chips, etc.) Too bad.
5	i like this place. a lot.the only time i don't is when i cannot find a seat.
4	Unique artsy personality of a local bar. 4.5 stars Cost to worth it rating: 3.5 ($7 for a big 18 oz bottle of beer) Highlights: - Personality: in a converted house, part art gallery (and sacrilegious at that). Tattooed and casual staff as well as a DJ/live music spot in back. Very chill and individualistic. Berkeley-esque. - Bottled beer selection: fills up a whole menu page and a fridge as well as coolers behind the counter -- Large bottles: we had ones that were 18 oz, but there were some even larger -- Organic: many options of organically made beverages, one of which was a cider from the UK that was quite good -- Gluten-free: Never seen this option on a bar menu and was excited to see it for beers here -- Bay area pride: they carried Rogue 8-) - Life: not boring or touristy like other places by the ballpark. Thank goodness we found a happening place to hang out at on a Friday night. Thank you Yelp! Lowlights: - No liquor for mixed drinks - Bit hard to find, as it's an unmarked house Loved this placed and definitely would come back.
4	I'm a fan.I like their musicI like their artI like their beer selectionI will go back.  Definitely.
4	i love going to places like this. Its like one of those local spots that is only known through word of mouth. While in PHX, i went here on a Tuesday night and found there was a decent crowd. We were confused at first because the location is literally housed on a residential street, unmarked. You walk in feeling like your walking to an indie house party (joke!) Anyways, The Lost Leaf is a one story house converted into a bar scene. The 'kitchen' is the bar which consists of beer & wine menu , & the 'living room' is where the live bands plays. Added with some interesting art deco around the joint this place has a relaxed overall vibe. Though i was outside my element, i enjoyed my time here.
4	Local abstract art covers the walls, coated in hues of red.  Music soflty crashes through the room from the back of the bar.  This little one-story house easily feels like a cozy dive in Soho, with live music virtually every night.  Located at the epicenter of the artwalk district, this is where many locals gather during artwalk, or after catching a performance at stage 55.This is the place to come for beer.  If it is your intention to come here in order to have a serious conversation with someone, this is not the place to do it.Over 90 beers can be found here.  Ciders, lambics, pilners, ales, lagers, porters, and more.  Average cost of a beer is $4, so come prepared to explore your way through the world of beer.  I will admit I have not done much exploring here on my last two visits.  I discovered blueberry beer.  Oh sweet blueberry!  I have not looked back....There is a selection of wines and sake here as well, but do this place justice and drink a beer. Rianna is the enchanting manager/bartender here.  She not only selects the beers and wines served here, but she also serves these wonderful libations to her patrons.  Generally, she is the only person working here so don't expect her to wait on you if you seat yourself at a table.   Happy hour is daily from  5p-7p. $1 off for beers $4 and over. Pros: beer and the price of beercons: music is too loud, small space - on weekends the line to the bar goes out the door, and that's not saying much
5	I never ever thought I would find a dive bar like the ones in Flagstaff. Ever.Last night, I was proven wrong.  The Lost Leaf is a pleasant breath of fresh air, devoid of the moronic masses that usually clog bars. There is fantastic art everywhere, and fabulous music. And the beer listing is the best I have had in town. I will come here again and again.
4	The Lost Leaf is this small little house in Downtown, that someone far smarter than I, had the where with all to turn into a cool little bar. If I owned a home like this, I may move everything out and have a bar put in, complete with the tattooed, pierced bartender and never ending beer selection. You want chocolate beer? They got it. You want raspberry beer? They got it. You wanna mix chocolate beer and raspberry beer? Go for it! They have everything under the sun and then some. If you can't find a beer you like here, stop drinking beer. IPAs, ales, pilsners, lagers, and fruity beers all reside in peace here. They even let that white trash beer, PBR in. Which apparently costs only 2 bucks. On my most recent visit the place was sweltering and it seems that their fans were pushing the air up and not down. Could someone take a look at that? Bathroom is large and clean. I don't know how some bands can even play there due to the size of the "stage" area, but there is always live music. I'll be back, soon.
3	Great beer selection and awesome location.Main complaint is the space is just a tad too small so it ends up feeling quite cramped after awhile. I will go there again, though. Overall, it's decent.
5	Lost Leaf is the kind of neighborhood beer and wine and sake tavern you'd have if you lived in a cool city with an artistic culture. Funny enough, this occurs practically on only one street in Phoenix; 5th Street between Roosevelt and Garfield. The huge swaths of vacant land that once held old houses similar to Lost Leaf, but not saved as it was, gives testament to  PHX's short-sightedness and the Lost Leaf's ingenuity.It feels like a nice clubby brick kinda place you wouldn't ever think to find in Phoenix. I do like The Roosevelt Tavern's Nimbus beer on tap, but for a place to converse and socialize, the Lost Leaf has it beat hand's down.And a special bonus feature? The don't serve food, so BRING YOUR OWN! The times I've met with friends, buying a bottle of wine and making our own fruit/nut/cheese plates are some of my best downtown memories. Bring what you like to eat but don't expect napkins or a clean-up. Pack it in, pack it out.And though I rarely get to stay up late enough, there's music there practically every night and no cover.Best every night but First Friday when it's quite packed, otherwise do it!
3	I don't dislike Lost Leaf but I am not particularly fond of it either. I find it hard to review places that I am completely indifferent about, but I have been here a half dozen times now, so I feel it's time to finally take the plunge.I feel as though it is really warm in here, and always really packed on Friday's. Especially when it's First Friday. That is not really LL fault, I just wish they had a bigger establishment.I do like their cool selection of beers. LL has a pretty eclectic offering. Too bad I am boring and normally opt for a Fat Tire.I like that they display local art, but oftentimes don't particularly care for the style.I might like it a tad more if I had not gotten into two knock-down-drag-out fights here, but I cannot really blame LL for my inability to maintain a healthy relationship.Oh this indifference is painful.
5	Love the beer selection they have there!  It's an interesting place to take people who aren't into that kind of scene.  They start feeling uncomfortable the second the sketching begins.  I never get to stay there long enough because of my friends, but they stay a bit for the beer selection. Great location, great find!
5	As far as atmosphere and drink selection go, it's hard to beat anywhere in Arizona, let alone in downtown Phoenix. I love how this spot books free live music every single night, displays local artists' work on the walls, has an ever-increasing selection of brews and is a great example of historic preservation. They also accept Phx Bux, so you can save some cash on your drinks. Score!Yeah, it can be packed on the weekends. And sometimes there are annoying DJs. Sure, the "bar" is actually a half-kitchen, and the "tap" is actually an oversized fridge packed to the bones with bottles of suds. But I'll take this place over just about anywhere else, any time. Here's hoping they install the promised taps soon and open that patio space out back.
5	Haven't been to The Lost Leaf outside of First Friday but it is always a stop on that night. Love it! It's crowded, loud, and there has never been a place for us to sit down but it has great beer and the atmosphere is just awesome. Another great reason to go, is that it's not filled with morons or those typical rude people that love to frequent most places I enjoy.The local art that covers the walls is pretty sweet and usually right up my alley.One day I'll venture out to The Lost Leaf on a day other then Friday.
3	i really wanted to like this place. after scoping it out on yelp and checking out their amazing brew list online, i met up with a couple of pals for my last night of summer hoping to get my drink on with some good brews.what i got instead was a jam packed bar playing the most horrifying and depressing music my ears have ever heard. and a 10 person long LINE to order a beer. so loud in there i couldn't even have a conversation anywhere. we didn't even make it around to the other side of the bar because it was that loud and there were that many people.i'm really disappointed. maybe i'll give it another shot on a down night or something, but a first experience makes a long lasting impression.
4	The hidden gem of cenpho. Free music all the time and decor that is as inspired as it is tasteful.   You'd expect it to be smaller from the outside. Phx is lucky to have this place and the Rosevelt leading a trend in shining up the most central of houses in Phx. Think small, then think big.Special mention for the beer selection here. All bottles, good specials and a huge selection. Seriously cool boho hang out.
4	A cool hangout within walking distance from my place with a rotating art show, live jazz, friendly staff located in a converted bungalow.
4	I LOVED IT! Any place with a stellar beer menu, Betty Page look-alike bartender's and paintings of naked ladies all over the walls is A-FREAKIN-OK with me!
5	Pros: walking distance from the crib. One of the few places you can get Rogue's Hazelnut Brown Nectar. And in 24 oz big-boy bottles, too. w00t! Unparalleled beer selection. Barstaff that is just this side of surly. Local art that is (usually) pretty good.Cons: Umm, not open for breakfast? Can't really think of any.Now go drink some beer.
5	This place rocks hard.  I recently (FINALLY) stopped by.  It has long been on my list of places to try but has not been selected for various reasons mostly inane.Ok, so its a bit loud and the bathroom light switch requires hunkering down at eye-level to operate but they have an awesome beer collection and AN EVEN BETTER art selection for sale.  That never happens!!! It is a rule, anytime the beer menu hits it out of the park the art on the wall is uninspiring.  I grabbed the artists card with intent to purchase.  When was the last time you could say that about going out for a casual beer and chitchat?If I had to make an addition to this place it would be Chicken Killer Barley Wine from Santa Fe brewing Co. and possibly Juniper from Stone.  Food ... nah, the whole vibe on this block is that with a little walking you will find what you need.  Get the vegetarians next door to deliver food plates. *nod*
4	This is a sweet lil spot right in the middle of First Friday central. I actually never knew it was a bar until pointed out to me because it looks like all of the other cute artsy houses on the block. Ok so as for bottled beer they have a wonderful selection, a lot of beers I have never seen anywhere else. I got a Gonzo beer in memory of my man, Hunter S. Thompson, and I smuggled the bottle out. This place has a very chill vibe and during the crazy late hours they have amazing djs that actually play good music, not that trendy crap at most bars. I love the blue light they got going on, so chill, I feel like I'm at a jazz lounge. I had to give a star off because one time I went the bartender took an ungodly amount of time getting my bill and for some crazy reason you can't put your drinks down on the table outside on the patio. Weird maybe? They told me it was because they had no liquor license for outside, mmmkay. So were all tipsy and every 5 min some dude walks by and says pick your drinks up....haha were just holding our drinks up, forget, put em down, get yelled at again, how is that legal? Ah well, I still like the place and since I don't smoke anymore, I don't care anymore. Check this place out (I think it's only beer and wine, I could be wrong though) its a great lil spot.
4	What can I say about Lost Leaf that hasn't probably been said. I am not sure how long they been here, but what brought me there was to see the old hood. I am glad I stopped in. They definitely have an awesome selection of brew, but I stick with the Pale Ale, nothing to fancy for me, no flowery tasting stuff, I just asked the bartender to pick a good one. Being so dark, I couldn't read the menu anyway. I like the size of the old house, and I am sorry there was no band that night, it would have reminded me of when we jammed there so many years ago. The art work is really cool and for sale, pricey, but who really can put a price on taste. The theme seemed to be death stuff, probably due to Halloween coming up, but I am not sure when the change the art. If you can check out the lil booth room at the front and look at the "Love Bug".. Really nice drawing. Also, a very beautiful red head sat across the room. Good cold beer and beautiful red head has to be a cool place.
5	As a beer lover and a person who likes to try different beers any chance I can, I totally dig The Lost Leaf. It's such a laid back place where you can go to sip on some beer, chat with whoever you are there with, and listen to some live music. Even with the live music, it's still possible to carry on a conversation which I appreciate. Beer prices seem to range from $3 to $10 just depending on what you get. The beer menu is quite lengthy, but beware that they may be out of what you want (I found this out this past Saturday night when we were there). However, the bartenders are super friendly and will offer up some other suggestions for you if they are out of what you initially wanted. On Saturday night, I saw some people drinking wine, so you don't have to be a beer person to enjoy the LL atmosphere. But if you do love beer, LL is a must to check out.
5	I love this place on every night except First Fridays.  It's waaaaay too crowded, so I usually stay away.  Other than that, this place rocks.  Good , varied beer selection (all bottle though) and they usually have good musical guests.  Sadly, this is probably the best place for jazz in the valley.  Not as a knock for this place, but the lack of a dedicated jazz venue is troubling, but I digress.Always open, The Lost Leaf is a great place to catch a drink and shoot-the-shit with people.
2	Another day, another update.Yeah....Lost Leaf is just not for me.  I don't wear skinny jeans, I don't own a Mac, I don't listen to indie rock, I don't drink beer.
4	As a lover of a good brew, I really enjoy going to The Lost Leaf for a drink. Very laid back, great live music (especially jazz), and an amazing selection of micro-brews. My personal favorite is "Xingu," a black beer, but in no way a heavy stout. It was recommended to me by the bartender and he had recommended three other stellar beers to my friend and me while we were there. I really appreciate a bartender who knows his/her stuff.The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is due to the fact that it does not necessarily have a "welcoming" atmosphere. Of course, this may be one of the reasons that so many others like The Lost Leaf so much, but when I came here the first time, I didn't feel like I was meant to be there. I no longer feel this way, and enjoy going to The Lost Leaf often, but that first time feeling always makes a difference.
4	The Lost Leaf is not Scottsdale, or Mill, in fact that is just the start of the great things about this place.  It is a casual, grungy, down-to-earth place with rotating art, local indie bands, and one of the best beer selections in town. I think I could stop there and simply ask - how many places in the area fit that description? I'm waiting...So it's one-of-kind, but not in the, hey there is a bull to ride (yeah, even that isn't unique) kind of way and they have a special on Coors Light.  As an establishment, LL isn't trying to be something it's not and it's best for those who share that attitude.  If you want the "beautiful people" and valet parking, not for you. If you have an open mind and you want truly beautiful people, a good atmosphere, good music, and great beer. Then, this is for you. Also, right now LL is displaying the next peice of art I am going to buy, please enjoy it, but don't buy "my" piece...pretty please.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):n/a Food10 *Drinks*8 Service10 Atmosphere8 ValueSo many good beers!  And live music that doesn't quite blast out the little place.  And fun art on the walls that changes a lot.  And a unique flow to the layout.  Daddy like.
4	While I do not rock the skinny jeans or own a Mac, I do love beer and places that showcase beer.I like the laid back nature of the Lost Leaf and I love the variety of beers they offer.  I hate the fact that they have tall tables though, dresses and bar stools are not always a good combination. Avoid this place on First Friday or any major event in the area, it fills up fast and it can be a fight just to make it up to the bar.
5	I love Lost Leaf. I discovered it completely by accident. I got invited to a gypsy punk show there, and honestly, how could I say no? There is a line out the door to the sidewalk, a sign of good times ahead, in my book. It moves fairly quickly and it was worth the wait. When I finally get in, we are in love with all aspects of this great little bar, from the art on the walls to the band playing above the bathrooms. Here's some advice: You don't drink beer? Don't go to a bar and criticize Think its only for skinny jeans people? You're crazy Don't own a Mac? Get over yourself and drink a beer...at the Lost Leaf
2	Just another house turned into bar/art gallery in downtown.Who would have guessed that its the house with the neon OPEN sign? I thought it was palm reading place. Or an oriental massage parlor. I've been here a couple times and each time I'm headed there, I have to take a guess at which house it is. Signage and lighting would be helpful. As expected, small house, one bar, one bar tender, long line. I do have to say that their beer selection is awesome though. There were lots of stuff I've never tried before. I was there on Saturday night and it was pretty crowded, finding a place to stand was hard to do without feeling like you're in someone's way. I thought I could go outside but no booze outside! Ugh, its in downtown! Even the bums can have booze outside. I'll be sure to bring my own brown bag next time.Because they only have one person manning the bar and possibly the entire place, the tables had tons of empties that were waiting for pick up. I don't think I'll be visiting Lost Leaf again because I probably won't be able to find it next time.
5	Coming from Oregon myself, it's hard not to love the lost leaf. It's like a slice of the northwest in the middle of downtown. And if your a beer fan, this is the place for you. They have a wide range of many micro's and one of the better places to find beers from Oregon,  which of course are far superior then any other beers. No, I'm not biased at all ;)The crowd is usually a mix between the indie/ art scene and an occasional grouping of theatre goers out after a show. The place is cozy with limited seating, but this does provide easy opportunities to meet others as you all try to huddle around a table for conversation.The service can be a bit slow, as others have commented as there is usually just a bartender and maybe a bar back who also serves as a busboy, but they have always been super friendly and laid back. Tip: bring cash if your in a hurry as they take cards, but the credit system is still on dial-up so you could be waiting a couple minutes for the charge to go through. If you like the Lost Leaf vibe, and want some good light grub, check out Roosevelts as well in the same area.
4	ah, the lost leaf.I have a loving relationship with this place, even though I know exactly why some people hate it. The best part about it is its' discreet nature....keeps the people away that need garish signage to point them in the right direction. Basically what I'm saying, is if you don't know where it's at, it probably ain't for you. BOOM. ROASTED!also, one of the bartenders is really hot, but puts out such a dick vibe. Also all the other bartenders are a-holes. but who cares...I like this place, and I think it does a great job staying on and off the radar due to its simplicity. It is a haunt for the locals. Nothing ever changes there, except for maybe the hideous art.oh, and the beers good too.8% !!!!
4	I'm really liking the house-turned-bar concept and the Leaf represents the best of what I had the chance to see in this part of the city. For first timers, be prepared to question whether or not the dark house your walking up to is actually a bar. There are no signs and rarely is someone working the door. Inside its pretty dark, what with candles being the primary source of light, but it works with the space. This is a great little spot to keep things low key and converse with your fellow patrons. Art adorns the walls in every nook and cranny and music ranges from jazzy to dub step, depending on the night. And service wasn't as bad as advertised, at least not for me. Sadly, there are two reasons why I cant go full on for The Lost Leaf. No full bar. And beer sucks. But, that's me. Definitely check it out and good luck grabbing a table.
3	This was stop 2 of 3 on our makeshift light rail dinner/pub crawl thingy last weekend.  The other 2 stops included Fez and The Roosevelt.  My wife and I were with another friend who lives in the city and knows of places us Tempeians may not know of or be too scared to go to alone.  So after dinner at Fez we asked our friend to take us to a neat little bar that we might enjoy.  Which brings me The Lost Leaf....After the short light rail ride from Fez and a short walk we came upon a shady looking street that kind of frightened me.  Ok, I am being dramatic and it wasn't that bad.  Anyway, on this street are several older homes, some of which were converted into little businesses and one of them was The Lost Leaf.If I wasn't assured by my friend that this is a good bar, then I would not have went in.  It is a old home on a dark street with a simple neon sign in the front window.  We went in and it looks exactly what you would think an older Phoenix home would look like if it were turned into a bar.  Its basically a house with almost all the walls removed and a bar where the kitchen would be.  There are a bunch of wooden tables for people to sit and that's about it.  The place had a cozy, chill vibe going on which was nice.It was about 9ish on a Saturday and it was pretty much empty so we had our choice of where to sit.  So we chose a table and ordered a few beer from the bar.  There is no hard liquor and nothing on draft.  What they do have however is a fridge filled with about 25 types of bottled beer and several bottles of wine.  It really wasn't a bad selection and it was reasonably priced.The place slowly started to fill up as the band was getting ready to play in the corner.  I can tell the place gets packed so come early if you want a table.  Anyway, had we not been on a mission to go to another bar we would have stayed to listen, but duty called.
4	Something recently reminded me of the mentalness that is the Lost Leaf.Last April, I found myself in the MIDDLE OF NOWHERE, USA. Okay, okay so Phoenix isn't that bad...but to be sure, there is kind of lack of, you know, all the usual "cool" urban shit a la NYC/LA around these parts. Luckily I ran into one of my friends from Hawaii very randomly in a Safeway (seriously now, how did the two AZNs in all of AZ find each other?) and he suggested we check out this little bar called the Lost Leaf.First off, the Leaf is downright cute. Down a little street with a bunch of houses, it blends right into the quiet neighborhood. What sets it apart from the surrounding bath of domesticity is the soft thumping of great music coming from within.And boy! Does the Lost Leaf play great music! I also got p-r-e-t-t-y hammered. (What else is there to do in Phoenix?) To the point where one of the bartenders handed me a cold glass to pour my bottled beer into and it literally SHATTERED IN MY HAND AS I PICKED IT UP. But did I care?Bartender: OHMYGOD...ARE YOU OKAY? YOU'RE BLEEDING!*hand is bleeding profusely*Drunk Me: Oh no no, I'm totally fine! It doesn't even hurt!*hand is dripping blood all over the fucking place*Drunk Me: Hmm...maybe I kinda need a bandaid?I think I bought something around 9 or 10 drinks and I recalled my bill being something RIDICULOUSLY LOW...like $25. And at the time, Drunk Me just thought, "Fuck my hand! Wow the Lost Leaf is awesome!" (And, yes, I did later figure out they comped me for fucking me up.)I also kind of (stupidly) invited a bunch of random gutter kids back to the place we were staying at, which made my friends super sketched out (according to them, they looked "steal-y"). And totally said, "Hey if you guys wanna sleep over it's cool!" But then I barfed. Everywhere. (But hey! At least it was in the bathroom!) And apparently my newfound gutter buddies decided to leave promptly after that.So hey! I had a great time! The Lost Leaf made me not care that my hand got shredded up AND helped me get rid of some undesirables! Hooray for alcohol and probably the worst resulting hangover of 2009! Here's to more debauchery in 2010!
5	ummm yes.  They had Dogfish Head's Midas Touch in stock.  are you kiddin.  No sir, im not.  This may be called "another house-turned-pub" in downtown, but its those houses that MAKE downtown phx a decent place.  Walking up to this place, it feels like you are walking into a house party in the hood.  But it had a great local funk & jazz band playing with top notch craft brews available.  Its cozy yet loud, its quaint yet urban, its house jug wine, yet top shelf.... this is the best of the house-bars that i have visited in phx.  better than Rose & Crown... better than Roosevelt's.... it rocks... 5 stars...
5	I love this place. For several reasons.It's an old house converted perfectly into a bar.  They use the space well and I always feel comfy, cozy, and welcome inside.  The artwork on the walls never ceases to amaze and inspire me.  They have a chalkboard above the beer cooler telling you the specials, as well as the musical stylings of the evening.  The lighting is good, not too dark, and there are tables and chairs to kick it with the homies and a small dance area for gettin down.Their beer selection is incredible.  They carry many of my favorites (Xingu, Sammy Smith Oatmeal Stout, Strongbow, 8th St Ale, Hebrew Messiah Bold) as well as a grip of others to test and try.  Last night I went with the 3 Philosophers brew, a dark ale with a bite as big as Plato, Socrates, and Comte's contributions to rational thought (9.8% alc/vol, they're not fucking around here).  I also tried the Raspberry Dark Brown Ale which was dark, smooth, and not overwhelming fruity like many lighter fruit beers can be.  Tuesday nights are Downtime at the Lost Leaf.  The musical stylings of the DJs during Downtime can best be described as low-key down tempo funk shui originality. Relax sit back and hand me a chilled out bone crunching bass-busting groove to soothe my nerves.  An accurate mix of hip hop, drum and bass, and electro.  You can feel the good vibes flowing throughout the bar when the DJ spins some Caspa mixtape shit. It's definitely a chilled atmosphere driven by the needle of the record.On a side note, I want to apologize for my friend who puked in front of the bathroom a couple months ago. I took her outside for fresh air and apparently the DJs called her out hardcore for doing it.  She's a lightweight, not experienced in the exquisite alcoholicness of the brews you guys serve.  If you're from out of town, I highly recommend you check out the Lost Leaf.  You'll get the true, raw downtown urban vibe that Phoenix so exclusively offers.
4	I really enjoyed my experience at lost leaf. First it has a great selection of beers. I tried something new at the suggestion of a friend because i was a little overwhelmed with my choices. Meeting friends here on a random weeknight was nice and fun. I loved the art pieces and the atmosphere was definitely inviting. I have seen this place on a first friday and i'm sure its an awesome place then too. Certainly a great place downtown to hang out and have a few drinks.
5	There's something about me that when I like a place a lot, I have to take a piece of it with me. And I don't mean some sort of silly metaphor in that I'm going to walk away with the memories of the time spent. That's too easy and to This American Life-ish.No, there's no Ira Glass in this review. I'm talking about simply taking something. Yes, it may be a bit of a klepto move, but in this case I took a menu. A full menu from here. I just put it in an New Times (Holy fuck, they still print this places?!) and when I left, it came with me. So if you noticed a missing menu, Lost Leaf, you know where it is now. Tough shit, you're not getting it back!Now you would think this is just strange behavior. That I have some sort of problem. It's not typically anything of real value. Some flier for the place, a business card perhaps or maybe even a beer coaster. These are things that would normally get thrown out by the staff if I left it behind on the table when I left anyway. So it's not that harmful, right? In this instance it's because this place has such a vast and impressive beer selection ranging from all over this brownish sandy red land (it is the desert after all) that I just had to take something to prove that their beer menu actually existed. That I wasn't just making it up because I spent a full 7 hours on the road and then another 7 more driving back in the course of one day. Take it as a compliment and send me a bill for the paper you printed it on, if you are so inclined. The setting is very dimly lite. Let me back track here for a second. This place was really hard to find. I mean, really hard to find. I'm not sure why Arizona has found it necessary to have one ascending order of numbers on the East side of town and when you count down to 0 in terms of streets it becomes Central and then starts the numbering system again. So you can pass 7th street and then a couple blocks later pass 7th again. I was driving down 5th st. endlessly looking for this very normal looking house that is a bar. Little did I know it was ten blocks over on 5th place or whatever the hell they were calling the street. Arizona, shape up here. When you come up to this joint you're going to be confused. It looks like a normal house. In fact I was curious to see if we had to use a door bell. But once inside in this dimly lit amazing lounge you pull up a chair and look at this huge list of beer that you can choose from. Beer from Arizona, from California, form New Mexico. Bottles of microbrews that I was really just in heaven from looking at this list alone.Then when they pulled the cold beers in the fridge I finally realized it wasn't just a dream. Who would have thought? A-freaking'-mazin! The lounge had some DJ space or room for a small band to just play there. It was something else entirely. A mix of your friend's cool place with a well stocked fridge. They had a beach cruiser bike sitting in the place for sale, which might I add, where the fuck is a beach near here? Yeah. Exactly. That's what I thought! But still, it just goes to show you that this place has its roots in this community and is all about just making it the local chill place. Get a beer or two, sit in the lounge. Steal a menu.. These are all things that I came to love about it. Oh yeah, and the local artist's art hanging on the wall for sale is also a way to give back to the community of local artist.. I guess. I'm sure they owe more in a bar tab than the painting can make.. I'm sure of it. Hmm, maybe I should jump back on my art to make extra beer money.What an awesome place to relax with a cold one. The beer alone makes this a destination spot if you're ever in Arizona. And if they haven't banned me for stealing a menu, I will definitely go back again! I guess the lesson to be learned from all this is that in a city that monitors your speed on the highway with cameras, is known for having a tent city prison that makes inmates wear pink leads to people finding an urge to lash out at authority. Why else would it be legal to carry a firearm in this state. You really can't be surprised that someone like myself would steal a copy of your menu. Given the chance.. I would do it again and I want to return to the scene of the crime again and again.
4	I'm defintely a fan of the Lost Leaf.  Great small local downtown neighborhood bar that is always decently occupied with an array of guests.  On First Fridays the bar is PACKED, barely room to squeeze your way across the room to the bar to order a drink (although on First Fridays almost any bar you go to downtown will be like this).  The Lost Leaf has an ample selection of beers to try and I am always quite pleased.  Occasionally they have a band playing as well.  Although, I recommend they keep their bands on floor level.  On one occasion the band playing on a platform (in the rafters) above the bar crowd was so loud with such awful acoustics that we had to leave.
4	Ah The Lost Leaf...I ended up in Phoenix with a couple of friends in april 09 and thanks to yelp and the fact that there is really not much else to do in Phoenix besides drink--we ended up checking this bar out.  Thank goodness we did! It made our trip that much more inebriated and awesome.  I think we ended up going there 2 or 3 times, as it was a 15 min walk from our hotel.I am a dark beer kinda girl, so when I looked over the beer menu they provide I was very happy.  They had tons of dark beers!  The place offers a wide variety of blonds, ales, stouts, and everything in-between as well as specialty beers you don't usually find in most bars (3 Philosophers, never heard of it before, so good and all the Rogues).  And the beers came in a bunch of different sizes.  This is a BEER BAR, I don't remember if they do have other alcohol or wine (and I really don't care) because I was just so interested in the extensive and potentially delicious selections.  I ended up getting pretty wasted here with my friends, and it was great.  The cute atmosphere is sprinkled with artwork and dimly light.  There is  a bunch of bar stools and tables randomly dispersed as well as a little area for some live music.  The Lost Leaf is in a house, that's right a house, renovated into a bar type lounge.  At first, the place seems to melt into the other cute houses around it, but the people outside smoking, music, and lights coming from inside separate this place from the other houses.  A lot of business seem to be inside houses around here, and there is a pretty cool art vibe in that area.I don't know when I will ever find myself in Phoenix again, but if I ever do I am definitely going here again.
4	Love this place.  Great selection of beers, cheap ($3 per beer) happy hour, relaxed atmosphere and walking distance to the Light Rail.  Some nights they have live music which isn't always to my taste but I like that they provide a venue for local artists and musicians on top of everything else.  On First Fridays it's packed (so good or bad depending on your feeling about crowds - I avoid it those nights) but on other nights ... it's just a very cool and comfortable place to hang out.  Sometimes parking is kind of hard to find.
3	I enjoy the Lost Leaf.  They have an excellent beer selection and the staff is knowledgeable and has given me good recommendations for beer to try.  There is a real problem though, there is no draft beer, which is a big reason for me to go out for beer.  I understand that it is about the ambiance, which I do enjoy for the most part, (although the art sometimes leaves a bit to be desired... seriously), I rarely go out of my way to go to Lost Leaf if I am not already in the downtown area.  Most of the beer I can get at Top's, Total Wine, or Bevmo.  The live music at the Lost Leaf can be pretty cool, and worth checking out.  All in all, the Lost Leaf is great place to end the night.
4	Had a blast. Cool place that has a Tom of different beers. I was handed a menu that looked like a restaurant an when I opened it up I was all beer. Ace.
4	This is the kind of place that makes me wish I lived in the neighborhood, so it could be my neighborhood hang-out. I love everything about it - the building, the art, the music, the drinks, the people - you can't help but feel comfortable here, like someone's letting you into their own home. Only wine and beer served here, but what a selection they have. Their beer menu is amazingly extensive and at decent prices too.One thing to note is it's small - which I like - but I imagine it can get crowded on weekends or especially on First Fridays (neither of which I have yet to visit during). But when I have been there, the crowd seems just about right. I really can't say enough good things about this place. I'm just glad it's here in Phoenix.
5	Yes, it might be packed full of hipsters all the time, but here is why it's 5 stars...GLUTEN FREE BEER. And guess what? Their selection is amazing! Okay okay, I'll stop the hipster hating. This place is pretty cool. Dark and chill, just be good at parallel parking!
5	I will keep it short and simple.Large selection of beerAwesome atmosphereLive music!Just come and check it out for yourself.  I'm sure you will be pleased at least.
4	Things that make this place bad-ass:- It doesnt look like  bar, just a crappy house on a street- it has amazing art all over the walls, and it changes monthly- no waiters, just order at the bar and go wherever you want- fast service- THEY HAVE CIDER (extra brownie points for me), and amazing beer not found commonly everywhere- great atmosphere/environment- simple, not snobby - mostly chill peopleI deducted 1 star because they have a $8 credit card minimum during First Friday, and I don't like being forced to consume more than I want just because I don't have cash on me.
4	If you love hanging out in the Roosevelt District, then you will love the Lost Leaf.It's tucked away on 5th St just south of Roosevelt in a historic old house. They've torn out the ceiling and left exposed brick in places, giving it an amazingly open atmosphere despite the small space. The beer selection is incredible, although there are no beers on tap. There's nearly always live music; I prefer the jazz groups over the louder sets since the building is so small. I heard a rumor that they are trying to expand the patio area and add draft beer - that would make it perfect!
1	Great location, excellent selection, and a layout that appeals. It's got a very cozy, homey feeling that would be comfortable to gather and have a small chat.Unfortunately, the owners or the managers seem to be so in love with their sound system that, whenever they have a musical guest, they ruin the "home" feeling of the establishment, a comfortable hang-out, and turn it into an unsustainable flood of conversation-killing, over-amplified noise.My disdain of the sound system has turned me off of the Lost Leaf for so long that, whenever it's agreed that "everyone" is going there, I'm not a part of "everyone" and I choose to go home instead.
3	I stumbled upon this bar when out with friends on a First Friday... I love the house turned bar concept (ie The Roosevelt) and the exposed brick.  Being that it was First Friday, it was exceptionally busy, it was very difficult to get to the bar (not uncommon at any bar on a Friday night) and the music was very loud.  HOWEVER I did discover the new love of my life - Framboise Lambic Rasberry Beer.  I am not a huge beer drinker (they don't have a full bar) and I asked for something sweet - the bartender recommended the Lambic and it was fantastic.I didn't really want to go back - the music was tooooo LOUD, not much seating and I don't wear skinny jeans (nor am I attracted to men who do), I do not have out of control hair and am over the age of 25... BUT I did stop by for a happy hour (not First Friday) My collegues and I arrived around 445 (they didn't open until 5), the bartender let us in early, served us fantastically and it was a great experience.  SO it's great for an early happy hour but not for anyone over 25 (who isn't a hipster) after 8pm...  Try The Roosevelt, Turf or Fez instead.
4	Me & my pop went down to Phoenix to see a ballgame & after a long drive I was lookin' for a place to get a brew & possibly mingle with some locals... Lucky for me I was directed to this great little spot... this bar alone will bring me back to Phoenix... while the beer selection is amazing I stayed true to my roots & went with a PBR but you can find a brew for any palate... the atmosphere is wonderful... low lite with some very kool art all around... some of which for sale... the crowd was friendly & gave a laundry list of places to go & try... if you gonna be in Phoenix this place should be on the top of your list... keep a Sharp eye when ya go the first time... I walked right by it & if not for a helpful dude on bike I never would've found this great little spot...
4	One of the best places to spend a summer night in Arizona.Not the biggest beer selection I've seen, but for a such a small, independent place I'm absolutely impressed. Even more so when everything is bottled and not on tap. There's everything from Framboise Lambic if you're a girly girl to Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA if you're a masochist (kidding, I know some of you beer "experts" love the stuff).On the opposite side of the bar, I was treated to some generous beer tasting that expanded my horizons. The people running this bar are kind and unassuming, even though the art/craft beer/music gives them a license to be pretentious. The live bands are a treat, and something I look forward to on my next visit, something Lost Leaf has undoubtedly earned.
4	I came to this place and thought 'wow, a lot of restaurants and bars in phoenix are in houses'.  It is a cool bar that has a good list of beer so your bound to like something on the menu.  They have a music area that is pretty good and good sounding, and looks like a living room.  Defiantly the hip, art, and indie people go to this bar, but you don't have to be any of those to enjoy the place.Recommendation: A good place to stop by for you first beer of your night out and to see a band that's not to popular yet.
4	I finally made it here. It is beyond me why it has taken me as long as it has to finally stop in to this hidden gem in my neighborhood. Wow! Yet another reason I continue to love downtown, cozy, unique and eclectic little finds like this one. Chill, relaxed atmosphere when comparing it to its "neighbor" the Roosevelt...I have to say this place for ambiance has the Roosevelt beat. They have a great selection of beers, ciders and wine. They are not a full bar (no hard liquor). The fact they have the art of various local artists is a great touch. Next time I will come when it is not "First Friday" gets a little crowded for my tastes.
3	Cool atmosphere. Questionable Art. Drink selection is nice when its actually IN STOCK. I almost never come here at night time, not worth the waiting and crowd. Great service otherwise.
4	Super cool place with an amazing bottled beer selection.  If they had that same selection on tap they'd earn 11 stars.
5	I was only in Phoenix one night and don't think I could have happened upon a better bar. Great local art, live music and a huge beer selection in an intimate and non-pretentious atmosphere. And, it's a house turned into a bar, how cool is that?!
5	This place is legen, hope you're not lactose intolerant, DARY!!!!! Random place, in a random area, with random music, and random beer. Basically I couldn't ask for anything more, besides free beer. I can't wait to come back to this place. It's just a house converted into a bar/coffehouse/beer heaven. There was awesome music from Michelle Blades on the yuke. Atmosphere was fantastic. Great place to meet people. Drank and smoked with some random swing/jazz band. Beer selection of the gods! Makes Phoenix more super hipster than it already is and that's a good thing. I give this place 5 noms! NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM!
5	This place is within walking distance from work and has an excellent beer selection. This made it the perfect destination for me and my co-workers who felt the need to bond over some brews after a long work week. The cool atmosphere and funky artwork adds to the charm of this quaint little venue, but most notable is the array of beer choices offered.I went with Deschutes Green Lakes Organic Ale, which I had never tried... and it was delicious. That was followed by Rogue Dead Guy Ale, a solid selection when you're in that craft beer zone. They also had two offerings from Bell's brewery in Michigan. I only recently discovered these fine beers because they are favorites of my co-workers.And after a bit of beer drinking, all that liquid intake has to go somewhere. So let me remark on the bathroom decor. There appears to be a stencil-art depiction of a man's face on the underside of the toilet lid, that I can only guess is the image of Tony Clifton (the lounge lizard alleged alter ego of Andy Kaufman). That's a nice touch. And that summarizes the appeal of The Lost Leaf... Like Tony Clifton, a real class act!
5	khittie thinks it's the cat's meow! simply one of the best bars ever. wonderful bartenders, especially jason. fantastic music and never a cover. local art. nice friendly patrons. walking distance (for me). great prices. i really don't want anyone else finding out about it. i want to keep it all for myself & my neighbors. please, do not go here.
4	This place is within walking distance of my apartment (always a plus for a drinking establishment) and has a great, low-key, neighborhood bar feel. The beer selection is plentiful (my roomate and I are determined to drink our way through it eventually) and the atmosphere is super comfy. There's a live band every night after 10pm - this can go either way depending on the band and whether you actually wanted to carry on a conversation with whoever you're there with as things can get a bit loud. Some nights they also play host to the random art class or book club meeting as well, which again can go either way depending on perspective. The bar staff is really nice - seven nights a week. And let's just say it really is a bar for all types of people, which is definitely a positive. Overall great place to hang out any night of the week!
5	My birthday was this past Saturday. I wanted a place that's low key and has a good mellow vibe. I've been to the Lost Leaf a few times, and I love the homey feel it has. We scored the front room that had a table and a tiny bar pushed against the wall, it was cozy for the 10 or so of us that were there. They have a great beer and wine selection. They had a live band playing but not sure who it was, all I know is they murdered one of my favorite cure songs. Also there was no cover to get in even though they had live music, so that's cool. The place was hopping but never felt like it was to busy, we got our drinks nice and quick and never had to wait. The Lost Leaf is one of those nice hidden gems in the valley.
4	great beer selection!
5	I love this bar. Over 100 beers and free art and music nightly, umm . Me likes. They also do this art drawing night once a month. Peeps are chill, bartenders are hot and sweet. Nice patio for smoking. No food but they are adding it soon. Great coffee next door. 5th street is a trip, but it is the center of 1st friday, so go on another night, unless you're up for the crowds. This is where I'll call home for awhile.
4	Very eclectic cool place with great beer selection.
5	I've heard about the Lost Leaf for a while, so I was glad to finally stop in... once we found it.  This is definitely a place you don't know about, unless you know about it.The vibe works for me.  And since skinny jeans seem to be the common thread of complaints for the place, let it be known that I don't wear them either, and I felt just as comfortable there.  The atmosphere is great - dark and homey, but plenty of light to bring out the art and historic value of the home.  The bar is indeed the "kitchen," and while I wouldn't say their beer selection is world-renowned, it is certainly expansive and reasonably priced.  I intend to go here many more times, and never have a beer I've had before.If you don't like beer, there's no reason to complain... they have plenty of Lambics and also some fruity girl drinks that come in a bottle.  Live music definitely was great on the night we were there.  Loud, yes, but definitely something I can appreciate!  See you next time, if we can find you...
4	I've been to these place more than 3 times during the art walks, never had a clue about the name. I would just enjoy the beer selection. Recently a friend took me there on a week day...nice change!! Without so many people it is easier to enjoy this little but cozy place. They had one I haven't tried in other places, a blue berry beer (yes I'm into sweet ones). People is friendly and can guide you if you have no clue on what to order. Suggestion...improve the entrance of the place! Too shady.
5	There is, a house on 5th streetthey call the lost leafand it's beenthe ruinof many, a poor boyand godI knowI'm oneMy brother was a fire fighterhe lived right down the streetmy father wasnt a gamblin manhe never went down in new orleansnow the only thing a phoenician needsis some sun screen and a drinkand the only time that he or she's satisfied is when they're on a drunk*organ solo*oh mothertell your childrennot to do what i have donemeet some whore on a first fridayin the house of the lost leafwell i got one foot on the platformthe other foot on the light rail trainim going back to cen photo wear that ball and chainwell there is a house on roosevelt rowthey call the lost leafand its beenthe ruinof many a poor boyand god i know i'm one
5	When i went I was taken to a place that was much cooler then Phoenix. The vibe was awesome. I didn't especially like the pretentious lack of light beer, I'm not much a "craft" beer drinker, but my husband was super happy. This place defiantly had a soul and I loved the bluegrass style music they had the night we went. Hard to find, but worth the effort.
4	This place is great if your looking for a down to earth bar that's dark and plays live music every night of the week. Prices are swell and if you come around enough you get to know the regs. Tried this place right after I moved from LA and i was not disappointed! check it out, o and the have an awesome beer selection! best around if u ask me
5	I love beer and I like little random spots and The Lost Leaf is a pretty random spot since it doesn't appear to have a sign and looks like a house more than a place to go drink.  But then there are a lot of these converted homes in this part of PHX. I went here the first time while I was crashing at Vann's place for the BCS National Championship game before Auburn won and we became Nationals Champions.  That was with my friend Kim from Dallas and we both quite enjoyed the ambience and beer selection although she was hoping they had Shiner Bock which they didn't carry at the time.Not to fear as they have a pretty solid selection of bottles to choose from.  The next time I was there was with Blake and a jazz quartet was playing.  I couldn't resist and returned again when they opened just to get in one more visit. One of the guys who was working had some pretty bloodshot eyes so I suspected he might have enjoyed a 4:20 pre-work session - cheers!
5	One of the highlights of our trip to Arizona... Super weird location, but they have quality beer and that makes me happy.
5	This place is babe-town. Even though a lot of the babes I know prefer to drink hard alcohol over beer (Lost Leaf only does beer/wine), Lost Leaf still comes close to topping my list of go-to spots when I need to kick back...unless a terrible band is playing...then it's on to Bikini Lounge.
3	Pretty Cool Bar! The vibe is pretty laid back. Its a small 'house' like bar that does beer and wine. I almost passed this place up when walking by. Its surrounded by other low key coffee shops/art gallery type house/venues.When we went the bar was pretty crowded and pretty much standing room only. It doesn't take too long to get a drink and there is a good variety of beer/wine. I like trying different beers, so this is a great place to go. Friday night, not a first friday night, was really hot (temperature wise haha). But hey, it was kind of cold outside. This spot reminds me of Casey Moore's in Tempe, with the same type of crowd, just a smaller venue. My girlfriend loved people watching here, and its just a great chill place to hang out.
4	This place is awesome!  Where else can you hear incredible live jazz music for free on a Monday night with reasonably priced drinks?  Any other major city (like, say, New York), the cover would be at least $15, and they would make you pay for the second set, as well, and a place to sit or stand with a decent view of the musicians would be hard to come by, and by the end of the night you would end up feeling ripped off.  Granted, this place can get crowded on the weekends, but no wonder.  The beer (no draft) and wine selection is good, the vibe is laid-back, and the music I've heard has been great (I've only see one group here--Jiggle--and they play jazz.)Tip for music-lovers:  Sit or stand in the room where the music is.  Sitting any farther back and you may be tempted to take a swing at the people who just come to chat and fail to understand what makes the Lost Leaf so unique.  But do give them a bit of a break.  They are, after all, probably "paying" for your cover charge with all their imbibing of alcohol.
4	Always heard about The Lost Leaf but never got around to going there. Last night went to go check out my friend DJ Gabo do his thing and play some good reegae beats. Had a hard time finding the place at first cause it was around 9 and it was too dark to read the sign. The place is pretty much a house so its easy to get lost as your expecting more of a business looking place. Once I found it and walked in I was surprised by the size on the inside. It didn't look that big on the outside but it can fit a good amount of people. They weren't lying when talking about the amount of beers there as the selection was huge. I only had a few and I don't remember the names except for the PBR I had. The art on the wall was cool. I dug the vibe of the place and everyone there was having a good time. I will definitely be going to this place again. And if u haven't been yet then I suggest u go. Especially on First Fridays.
5	I'm torn with this place because i love it so much but dislike it for certain things so I'm going to stay positive because the things i don't like can be a personal thing about the music they allow in there it has a HELL a lot of beers it has a grand selection of wine it has no food, but who need food when you've eatn before going to the LOST LEAF the music is a hit and miss some days a very kool unique style and other days not good and i think this is why i sometimes have a problem with the music is because with all the great local musicians out in phoenix it should be easier to play this place but it isn't...
4	Ar first I thought this place was a home, but once you get inside, it's such an amazing bar with great music! It's located in a great part of Phoenix, and has such a diverse crowd of people. It does get crowded on occasion and it's tough to find parking, but the beer selection and prices make up for it.
4	I love coming here on weeknights or early evenings on the weekends when it isn't too crowded. I also find that the nights there is live music it can get overwhelming but depending on who is playing, can make or break it.
5	The Lost Leaf is wonderful. Sweet location, AMAZING beer selection, cozy and warm atmoshpere, friendly and helpful staff, you can't really go wrong.
3	Great selection of beers, cool place just alil crowded
4	I barely remember my visit here. So it must have been good.Seriously, they have a great beer selection. And from what I remember, the wine choices are nice as well. The atmosphere is cozy and laid back. A fun spot.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  great house bar but pricy...............
4	As many Yelpers have seemed to notice, GREAT beer selection!! =)  I always end up having high-quality nerdy science conversations with the bartender, so two thumbs up for service in my book as well.
5	If I have a friend visit me from Seattle(where I grew up) THIS is where I take them. Anytime I meet someone new to AZ with the same taste as me in almost anything I bring them here. If it were not for this place and only a small handful of others I would be embarrassed when entertaining anyone from a real city that has any culture or class. Lost Leaf = 5 HUGE STARS
4	Great beer selection: from Schiltz to beer snob pleasers and their prices are reasonable.  Some nights are a bit... different.  I've walked in on what appeared to be art classes doing a portrait of someone.  At least they had clothes on!  They could use a better patio and a seating area in the front of the venue but this is a much more inviting spot than The Roosevelt.
3	This place has a quirky atmosphere and amazing bottled beer selection. Its weird because it is an old house, which translates into an odd bar. The outdoor area is not poorly lit, it is totally unlit. Anyone who wants to smoke has to go stand in the dark with a bunch of people who he also cannot see. There is access to the street from the patio so at times there are homeless folk there who are interesting in the dark...Overall, this place could use some improvement, but does have an excellent beer selection. Its weird that they have no taps, keg beer is the cheapest way to buy beer and is totally worth having, some beers (most) taste better out of a tap.The performance area is unwelcoming, you kind of feel as though you are intruding on the performers, as there is no place to sit (it is also the way to the creepy out door smoking area) it is kind of a bunch of people standing around uncomfortably.The front room is awesome if you've got a group or are solo. Very comfortable and welcoming. It'd be sweet if there was a way to hang on the front porch but you just get yelled at if you go out there with a beer.I like the place...I just want it to be better!
4	The lost leaf is a chill little spot in downtown phoenix, where you can always count on finding some good beers and some interesting live music! They always have a special on a couple different beers or wine, awesome local art covering the walls, and a different band, or dj depending on the night...They truly deserve 5 stars from me, but they are constantly adding new beers to their selection, but never update their beer list! Cmon guys, it's nice to know what you have in the coolers!
4	Cozy, good selection, clean toilets, monthly change of wall decor. I'm content.
5	this place was awesome-good selection of beer and cool crowd. if you are in the area you must check this place out. feels like a house party that the cool kid in class is having. :)
5	Dear Lost Leaf,I love you.I know this might seem sudden to you. I'll admit that I did fall hard and fast, but please don't fault me for that. I can't help that I think you're amazing.Marry me? Put me out of my misery. Stop making me stalk you so much. Yes, I enjoy seeing you so often, but I want to call you mine. It would be spectacular; I promise.Always yours,Your Lost Lover
4	Love the concept! Had an awesome time, I second someone else's statement that it feels like a house party that the cook kid in class is having...perfect way to sum it up :) Beer selection was awesome and super reasonable. Definitely will be sure to return.
4	This place is a crazy experience. I'd give it 5 stars if it were not for the overwhelming feeling that at any time the people who owned this house will show up, with their bags in hand, from vacation and be like, "what the f are all you people doing here?"The selection is sublime and the staff more knowledgeable than, well, really anyone should be about beer. It was a wonderful treat and will return next time I'm in Phx.
5	Fact: All of my best drinking times happen here. Great selections for different budget types. Fave of the faves: Rare Vos
4	Superb beer selection. Music was really nice and at a good volume. Really a great place to hang out and have a drink. We missed (aka were too tired to stay up past our bedtime) a jazz jam session. Will have to grab a coffee and hang out next time because I miss me some good jazz. It's so hard to find in Phoenix!
3	Three cheers and three stars for serving Shiner! I will probably be back next time I am on Roosevelt Row.I went to The Lost Leaf yesterday (First Friday) with a few friends to chat and drink. It was A-OK. Lots of beers in bottle form and a helpful menu listing types of beers, locations, and prices. Lots of tasty beverages in the $4-$8 range. Back page of the menu listed some wines (glass/bottle), in case you aren't into beer.I didn't see any beers on tap, which is why this place isn't a four star or a five star in my book. I like the idea of getting a pitcher of something and sharing it with friends. Maybe I missed the draught beers? The place was crowded at 7 pm and packed (PACKED) by 8 pm. Be mindful if venturing to this cute house-turned-bar on a First Friday. You might not be able to find a seat.Seating: As I mentioned in my quick tip, the seating is limited. One member of the party had to hold down a table for us (the LAST open table), while the rest of us waited in line to be served. Why so little seating, Lost Leaf?Restrooms: I only saw one restroom for both the dudes and the ladies. It's big and basic, but it does the trick.
5	Great place to chill and have some beer/wine, the selection of beers is extensive. They have live music usually on the weekends with some awesome local talent. If you are in the neighborhood it is definitely worth checking out.
4	Classy. Very, very, very good beer selection. A little expensive. Occasionally there is an insanely loud band playing there that completely ruins the ambiance. I'm moving to the hood soon and this place will be on the regular rotation when I do.
5	Music and good beer. Always a good atmosphere.
5	One of my favorite places in PHX. Always have great live music going on. Love the atmosphere. The art on the walls are usually intriguing pieces. Get here if you're tired of the Tempe scene. This place has character.
4	I have only been here once and it was for a quick drink before heading to a movie but this place is my kind of hang. If you are a laid back bar who supports local artists, has a huge selection of boozahol and plays music that makes my heart skip, well then I guess I just love you. Plus, its on the same street as my favorite Jobot Coffee, how could I not like The Lost Leaf right? I really love that it is a really old house turned into a bar. The artist inside me wants to shoot tons of photography there. Perhaps one day I will be "that girl" who brings her huge slr camera to the bar. I will need to go when it is last friday to hear some jams and revisit this gem of a bar. This is the kind of place I'll miss when I no longer live in the PHX.
4	The Lost Leaf has a large selection of bottled brews. No matter what night of the week you go you'll find something playing live whether its a band, or a live dj set, or a live rap performance. It's a good place to chill alone or bring friends and it's next to some good eats on the weekends.
4	Tons of beers. Great Neighborhood to walk around in. Good atmosphere and good live music. Nice staff. Then head to Jobot Coffee after to boost your drunk self up for the rest of the night. :-)
3	Pros:  Amazing selection (but check it out online and write down what you want.  I have never seen a menu there).  Decent prices.  Diverse music - no covers policy.  Friendly enough staff, not sure what is average friendliness in Phoenix, though.Cons:  Crowded.  Uncomfortable seating.  Awkward lack of personal space when standing.  Slow service.  LOUD, very loud.  Don't try to go outside with your alcoholic beverage if you're anti-cigarette smoke.  I have been there on crowded nights.  The one time I went alone, I felt totally awkward, didn't even have a drink before I hit the road - and the band was the reason I drove all the way downtown from E. Mesa.  A small birthday party there was fun, since we had dominion over the room with the comfortable "normal" chairs, as far away from the loudest music ever as we could be.  Except for making the mistake of going there alone, I have had good times there with friends.  Take your own party and you'll be fine.
4	Fun, great place to hang and see people from the neighborhood. Music too loud sometimes, but I think I'm just getting old. ;)
4	Great selection of beer. Kinda small and hard to maneuver through the crowd but great people and helpful friendly bartenders. Oh yeah and good music.
5	My favorite neighborhood joint!If you like beer, music, art, and mingling with like minded cool cats this is the place for u! It does tend to get noisy and a little crowded around 11pm....but its a super relaxed atmosphere. I tend to strike up interesting conversations with strangers here which is always a plus. Im always down for lost leaf! BTW this is a beer and wine bar only.
3	The Velvet Merlin. Sounds sexy, dark and mysterious doesn't it?Not so much. It was like drinking coffee flavored beer. It's one of their specials right now for $5. Maybe I'm just not used to going out on the town in this hood, but I thought this place was weird. It's a house right, well, it used to be a house and now it a bar. It's like walking into a house party where you're only sort of acquainted with the person bringing you.They have live music every night which is cool, but we came on the Greek Music and Belly Dancing night. So. Weird. This guy was standing there playing his Bazouki (looked and sounded like an electric mandolin) to a karaoke cd. THEN this belly dancer starts gyrating around him with scarves and finger cymbals and A SWORD. No joke. A SWORD. Aweome, sort of. Mostly it was a few small groups and then these dudes just watching this belly dancer. While I drank my coffee flavored beer. So strange.
4	This place is kind of foreboding to enter... it just looks like a dimly lit house. But I had heard good things and went a few nights ago and it was adorable! It's like a bar in your living room. They have endless selections of beer and it's a fun environment. I definitely want to go back when there is a show going on as well. My only complaint is that there's no beer on tap!
5	I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place! I love the Lost Leaf. It's rare that my husband and I ever get out without the kiddos, but when we do, Lost Leaf is almost always on the agenda. It's such a laid back vibe, we can't help but really enjoy ourselves.I love that the music is in a different area so you're not so crowded when you sit down to have a drink. And for how small the place is, it's surprisingly roomy once you get inside. LOVE the art on the walls and the crowd is always great. I feel like the limited beer and wine menu keeps the frat boys out and the 'normals' in. Major perk. We usually have an Ace Pear, grab a table, and chit chat with all of our friends. I really love this place, I'm happy to see it flourish.
4	TOTALLY under the radar and overflowing with local character and coolness. One of the things I love about living in Phoenix is all of the cool places here that you only know about if you're in the know. Lost Leaf is one of those places. If you're visiting from out of town, chances are you'd skip a place like this altogether just because you didn't know about it......unless you know a local who's familiar with the downtown arts district.It is in a residential area where most of the homes have been converted to art galleries, shops, a coffee house or in this case, a bar and live music venue (as well as an art gallery). There's little signage outside so the only real indication that you're not just walking up to a random person's house is that you'll probably hear the crowd from outside and on weekends (particularly First Friday) you'll probably see people outside waiting to get in because it gets packed.Inside it's pretty much an open space with exposed brickwork and the rafters up above. Local art for sale is up on all the walls. Behind the bar  and I THINK atop a platform above the restrooms (unless I was drunk and am suffering from a fragmented memory) are staging areas where local bands play. A small patio sits along side the house for smokers.Their long list of craft beers kicks ass-I don't think they serve hard liquor....may have to go investigate. In any case, Lost Leaf should be on anyone's MUST list to get a true taste of the downtown Phoenix Art scene.
4	Very much my kind of a place, it reminded me of the places in Europe/Berlin that I loved so much. Its like a house setting & on the days that we went they had a live band playing great fusion stuff in the back rooms. Their Beer collection is amazing of course, one of the few places in Phoenix with such a huge beer collection.
3	I used to live a stones throw from The Lost Leaf. It's an interesting place to hang when it's not crazy packed.They do have a lot of unique beers and wine, but there's a good chance they're out of what you want (unfortunately).If i still lived downtown I would come here more often. But, not really worth going out of your way w/ Sheriff Joe and all...
5	cute joint, good beer selection, art collection is ever changing, live music, smoker's section...just make sure you get here a little early on the weekends otherwise you'll be standing.
5	Five star experiences so far! A friend brought us to the Lost Leaf last year when we were visiting the area, and we loved how unique it was. We were really looking forward to finding it again when we moved to the area and have talked it up to countless people. Last night we were driving to FilmBar, looked over, and there it was! Couldn't resist stopping by after the movie. We love the live music (which they have almost every night of the week) and beer selection (all bottled). We were pleasantly surprised to find one of our favorite beers from back home in Michigan. The prices are very reasonable. The bartenders both times were very nice and we only waited a little bit for a table. It is a smaller venue - in a converted house on a street of galleries and coffee shops that have all been converted. It is a great little area where you definitely find locals and not tourists! Limited seating and space when it is busy, but it's the kind of place where you should be talking to your neighbor anyway. Only one bathroom, so watch for when there is no line!We'll be here again and again, I'm sure. It's the sort of place that you want to take your visiting family and friends so they think Phoenix is super cool :)
4	It's hard not to love this place. Live music, killer selection of craft brews (with seasonal specials), art and a non-bar vibe would sum this place up. I've definitely made many trips up to downtown PHX just to come here. I enjoy this place but often get the hipster/hippie/homeless vibe and find myself asking the question, "Is the awful B.O. scent horrific enough to make me leave?" The answer is always no (just drink more or try and visit the usually packed little patio) but it'd be nice if everyone that came could at least be kind enough to jump in the canal and wash up a bit before entering.
5	I love this place.  All of the employees are interesting and talented folks.  I usually go to the lost leaf to listen to local music.  Most of the live music is good and the place has great atmosphere.  If you're looking for something to do, stop by, you'll have a good evening.
5	For the time being this place gets a rare 5 stars, because they're doing pretty well with what they got to work with, and they're bringing in sick musicians.  I gotta say I've really enjoyed the music there as of late, and hope they keep it up.  That being said they don't seem to be up to snuff on their boast of over a 100 beers etc, hope to see that remedied.
5	Seven days a week, this bar is ready to be your destination.  The friendly and smart staff is ready to make you feel at home, find a drink that works for your budget and palette, and are polite enough to make it known that this neighborhood hangout is NOT a sports bar or dive.The Lost Leaf was already my favorite bar to chat with a bartender.  When I was a single. lonely guy trying to establish my role in Downtown Phoenix, The Lost Leaf was the best place to get a nightcap, where I could talk to experienced and seasoned musicians, artists, and foodies.  Every person that works there is more than what meets the eye.The Lost Leaf already had the best beer selection in The Valley, but they recently added a small draft selection, including the delicious locally brewed Four Peaks Oatmeal Stout.  Let's say you go to a party and you are talking to someone that is about to leave because their ex showed up.  Invite them for a nightcap at Lost Leaf.  You are at the poetry slam at Lawn Gnome and homegirl's poem rocked your socks off and you want to talk about the importance of  diversifying potato varieties in America's diet.  Tell her to meet you at The Leaf.  You went on a blind date and it went really well, and he smells so good, and his smile is so white, but you find out he doesn't drink, but you don't want to be only one drinking... buy him a soda at The Lost Leaf.  I have gone to the Leaf with sober friends, alcoholic partygoers, my girlfriend and my mother and everyone of them has had a good time.
4	The beer selection was so incredible that I threw up in my friends mouth.
5	An historic home downtown turned into a bar?  I really love this place.  The selection of bottled beers is pretty great.  I'm also a big fan of the dimly lit atmosphere.  Free music at night and a location between a late night coffee house and nacho shop.  Vertical integration?
5	Cute place and they also have a great selection of beer and wine!
5	Great atmosphere, amazing music. The perfect place!
4	Great bar, awesome beer and wine list. Reminded me of home in Austin.
4	I come to this place for the beer selection alone!!
5	After having a date with my friend, we headed over to the Lost Leaf to get together with her friend and to just chill and catch up on life. This place had an amazing vibe of ease and attitude with great beer and great staff with customers who strike up conversations with you on a hot summer's night. Walking in was like going into a den with amazing art on the wall and some good music on in the background. We went up to look at the beer list and ordered some drinks. What great prices! They had all types and styles of beers that won't make a huge dent in your pocket. Once we were set we headed outside to the tables to just drink and chill. Everything was great about this place. The decor was great, my friend told me it changes which I always appreciate. The staff seemed friendly enough and helpful. It seemed there was music playing later, but we left before it started.I would love to have a place like this in my hometown of Indy. It's hard to find a good watering hole that has unique art, great beer selection with great prices, and such a vibe that most people would enjoy this joint. It was the perfect spot to end a great day with friends and to sit and converse about life while enjoying a good libation under the desert sky. (That was nice wasn't it?!)
4	I can't seem to find anyone who's lost their leaf; trust me, I've looked. There are no people around here without their fig leaves on.Tucked in the mouth of the Tigris River, Adam and Eve had the tree of life; hidden between Jobot and Nachobot on 5th street and Roosevelt, Phoenicians have the beer fridge at Lost Leaf.  I'm not one to suggest taking a bite from the forbidden fruit, but I probably won't object if you feel like throwing back a few beers while listening to the sweet sound of nightly live music, hanging out at one of Phoenix's favorite watering holes. Just like Adam and Eve and their whole fruit incident, if you partake in the beer here you might just realize you're naked by the end of the night; though, hopefully by that point you also find yourself in the comfort of your own bed, with any luck you'll also have your favorite gal by your side.Lost Leaf has tapped 3 or 4 kegs for your drinking pleasure, and they've also got 100+ beers in the bottle for you to enjoy. No matter how you like it poured, this uber cool spot serves up everyone's favorite suds. Now, don't feel like I'm trying to con you into sinking your taste buds into one of these refreshing beverages, but try the orange blossom brew they have on tap; it is surprisingly good and might just bring you existential enlightenment!I happened to stop by on a night they were serving up a heavy helping of funky jazz beats. I've been here before when the entertainment wasn't not quite as cool. Either way you slice it, the $10 cover charge is always waived no matter what time you show up. No that's not just for ladies night either, it's every night.Come in tow with your favorite designated driver, or hop the light rail and exit at Roose if everyone will be partaking. Now let me slither my way back to where I was going with this, get here, grab a brew, chill out, and just let nature take it's course.Happy Yelping all you thirsty Phoenicians, enjoy the forbidden brew!
4	Awesome selection of bottled beers.  Live music sometimes.  Good stuff.Fair warning:  Don't come here on First Fridays.  It's packed and ridiculous.
5	Good place to chill with a drink somewhere lowly lit and good live music. All the bartenders are really nice and that's always RAD:)
5	Great place. Headed over about 10pm on a saturday night and it was just getting warmed up. By 11 it was packed and super friendly. Sitting outside met loads of great people. Very social, prices reasonable.
5	Can't get out of this place  Live music everyday, infinite beer selection, great staff, interesting crowds.
4	My friends brought me here, at first I don't really like the noise but when I started drinking their beers and everything. wow! we've been hanging every Saturday here.
4	Good beer and good music.
5	A downtown gem. its loud and the crowd is barely weaned, but they host good music and $5 drafts with micro brews! They have PBR, and some nice AZ brews too.
3	They have unique beers selection and pretty reasonable price, but the space is not really the place to relax and drink.You should bring couple of friends to go this place so you won't feel you are outsider......people seem they know everybody ( friends or neighbor??) and chatting and drinking randomly. I would stop by this place if I want extra one or two beers.
5	Very small place, but very cozy... When it's busy, it's tough to find a place to plant myself. One time on a First Friday night they opened up the backyard and was serving brews there and lots of open space. There's occasionally bands playing there...love the fact that they serve Delirium. Very glad to have found the lost leaf.
5	SHHHH! Don't tell anyone how awesome this place is.  Its like a secret little bar that has great beer and great music.  And part of the secret is finding it the first time you go.  I almost didn't want to write a review because I don't want anyone else to know about it.  After all, not too many people can fit in this joint but thats all part of the charm.  Local art, artists, brews and free, yes FREE music.  Whats not love.
4	A very unique experience... and a great selection of beer... Ive never had a bad time there ... No food kind of stinks but they have limited space and there are other options around... a great place to start or end the night... and catch some live music
5	If you like beer, wine, art and music, in a unique atmosphere and friendly location, then this is the place for you.
4	This bar is an old renovated house in the heart of the artsy "first fridays" area....and what a cool place it is. Their beer menu is very, very impressive, but they don't discriminate. They also have some wines by the bottle/glass as well. Seating is minimal, mostly standing room, although they do have a few tables and seats along the wall. Live bands frequently play here although there wasn't one on the night we were there. Service was prompt and they prefer to set up a tab as...well hey...like potato chips its hard to just have one.
4	Even though it was my first time there, Lauren (the bartender) treated me as if I was a regular. The music was right, a great selection of spirits, and just a vibe that says, "Let's hang out here for hours."
4	we met some friends here for birthday drinks during the latest first friday event. first of all, i haven't been to first friday in about 3 years and MAN has it changed!!!!after navigating the throngs of people, we found The Lost Leaf, in what appeared to be a cozy and cool old house. it was primarily standing room only, with a few bar tables scattered throughout. you can have beer on the patio, but something about buying a ticket first....something i didn't pay attention to anyway since we were drinking inside. they offer up a multitude of beers.....a multitude i say.....mostly in bottles. kind of like papago but without the food. anyway, the bartender was cool and friendly and we never waited more than a few seconds for service. a very neat and hip drinking spot!!!
3	They have a great selection of bottle beer. They have a lot of art work on the walls to look at, and will often times have live music or a DJ.
5	This bar is the shit, probably my favorite in Phoenix. Great drinks, great people and great art! I could go off on how great it is but I'm not going to... JUST GO THERE! Tonight.. NO.. RIGHT NOW hahaP.S order the Leffe, its a great beer
3	Stopped in here after a Suns game recently. The boyfriend and I were pretty hyped looking at the beer menu online, but disappointed when we arrived as most of the list online is not actually in the bar. The female bartender informed us those were the beers they have carried in the past, not necessarily the beers they were currently carrying. A lil misleading perhaps? Anywho... She was helpful in finding us something from the current selection to enjoy. Prices are fair. There is no food or liquor. Also, this place is incredibly hard to find as there is no signage. Luckily, some friendly folks on the street pointed us in the direction of this closed-looking establishment.  In conclusion, this is probably not somewhere I'd go out of my way to frequent, but a charming lil hipster bar nonetheless.
3	This place is cute for hanging out and having a beer with friends.  It's difficult to find so I recommend bringing your GPS-enabled phone and letting it tell you where it is.  (After you've parked your car.)  I don't drink beer often but they have a good selection.  Also their beer is not expensive (I refuse to pay more than $5 for a brewsky) so we like to go here when money is tight but you still need a drink.I mostly like this bar for the local atmosphere.  Downside:  They do not serve food.  But that hasn't stopped me from going.
5	Lost Leaf is a cute place off of Roosevelt and 5th Street.  They have 158 beers to choose from and they always have great bands to listen to, also you can get in for free.  You can either sit inside or outside on their patio and listen to the band that is placing that night.  I like coming here with friends and listen to some music.
4	So a few weeks ago I met two friends here for some drinks after work. On a Friday night. I've heard a lot about this watering hole so I was excited to finally experience it. I was very happy with the outcome. The only downside was the lack of notification, "sign" labeling this place. My two friends, lady friends, had trouble finding it because of this. It's off of the "first Friday" street, next to the jobot's coffee shop. The beers were awesome, I love me some IPA so I had a few. Wood floors, small so don't expect very many open places to sit on a weekend. But a live band was playing which made the experience complete. All in all a cool little hip place downtown for a drink.
4	I'm only a fan because of the beer selection and location.  I'm a bit claustrophobic so I only like going to the lost leaf during off hours, when I can sit at a table, and drink my beer with friends comfortably while staring at the art of the walls.  They are one of the few bars that have my favorite Young's double chocolate milk stout available, so this it's a rare treat for me.If you don't mind crowds then I recommend going whenever, but if you want a lighter night, then go during the week when there is live music playing.
5	For amazing live music, local art, chill atmosphere and the best beer selection in the Valley, The Lost Leaf is my favorite hidden treasure in the Arts District.
5	The Lost Leaf is your typical hipster bar, the likes of which I'd only been in on the East Coast. The West Coast equivalent of wandering around a city and going to an unmarked upstairs bar is this converted house. It has the fridge full of all kinds of microbrews, and of course, PBR in cans for those of you true hipsters (still don't understand the irony of drinking gross canned beer). They have live music 7 days a week, which I love. As they say in Wedding Crashers, "It's a great band, it's a bad band, it's like pizza baby!" But the three times I've gone they've always had a different genre of music and good bands you can get really close to. Because there's not really a stage so much as a little alcove. If you go early you can enjoy a more chill vibe, and as the night goes on, it gets more and more crowded and louder and louder. The bf and I tried mead here. I mean, how often do you get to try the nectar of vikings? We probably won't repeat that experience as we ended up at the illustrious Hotel Coronado, complimenting a shoeless man on his lack of footwear and feeling pretty terrible the next morning. It's a fabulous end to a Roosevelt Row pub crawl, when you feel like good music, trying new beer, and dancing. I love the crowd. There's always some old hippies who are totally feeling the music besides the 20 something bespectacled hipster crowd. And guys wearing backpacks. Who wears a backpack to a bar?I'll be back.
5	What an amazing spot! They've got a huge beer selection with some on draft and most in bottles. Where else can you get live music with cheap beer? It is an old converted house and is hard to find. Supposedly they do that on purpose because they don't want to be flooded with people. That really makes no sense since it isn't on a busy street. However, this is probably one of the better spots I've been to in the Phoenix Metro Area.
5	Awesome bar in an incredible neighborhood. The live music was great, the beers were unique, the house eclectic. If I lived here this would definitely be a regular.
5	So, I guess you would call this bar "hipster" based on the Arizonians' reviews, however, I used to live in Williamsburg Brooklyn, and I'd like to point out that the New-York breed of hipster that I am used to typically prefers bars with less light, more dirt, and a greater degree of nonchalance from the staff and patrons. Anyway, came here after hearing word of the good wine/beer selection, chill ambience, and solid live music during a recent vacation in AZ. Loved the skeleton art on the walls and the wonderful (free) live jazz. Place wasn't crowded; it was the last night of our vacation and a Monday to boot.  Bartenders were friendly and attentive, and crowd was laid back.  Everyone seemed to just want to enjoy the music and relax over a good drink.  My kind of place!
4	This is a great place to drink, chill and listen to live music downtown. The beer selection is superb and rare and there is usually a "deal of the day" or three. Sometimes it can be packed or difficult to get a drink as there is only one line, especially on First Friday. I love seeing (and playing) live music there, though the viewing place is small and gets crowed fast. It is in an old converted house which adds to the appeal of the venue.
4	Ohhhhh Lost Leaf...how I get lost in the beer selection and the great conversation you can have here.  The venue has music on select nights and is open 365 days a year...no joke!  I've been here on several occasions for wine and beers and its always a good time.  The pricing and selection are vast but finding this gem is sometimes a treat in itself.  It's nestled in what would seem a residential section but the shops around the area are also really chill to check out and walk into.  The atmosphere is almost like a beatnick type gallery of emos, hipsters and chillaxers.  The staff is in the same motif with straight forward service.  Groups would be tough on certain nights but 2-4 peeps looking to catch up and possibly be distracted by the crowds, totally a place to go.
4	Being so close to this place I couldn't pass up checking it out.  It is on a street that looks like it could be only residential homes so it can be easily missed.  However, this is one place you don't want to drive by without stopping in!  They had a live band and place was crowded from wall to wall.  We got lucky and a group left from the room facing the street.  The art that flooded the place were all local artists which made it that much better.  It is definitely a "hip" bar so don't walk in with your heels on lady..things could get weird. =)  The bar is SUPER tiny with only 2-3 stools and two bar tenders avoiding stepping on each other with each filled order.  They don't serve hard liquor here so it will be wine or beer....which is A-OK with  me!  They have a fairly decent wine selection so you won't feel too limited.  I didn't pay a whole lot of attention to the band.  To be honest, I think I was 3 glasses of wine by this time. :-pThe patio outside was pretty cool, it was like someone's backyard.  I love the character of this bar it's much different than anything offered in Scottsdale.  Great experience !   I'm looking forward to going back on First Friday.
4	Great beer selection ... First place we stopped on our road trip from CA to FL didn't disappoint
5	I was there last night and although they only have beer and wine, they have TWO DOLLAR pbr!!! Amazing for someone on a tight budget. I went out with only 20 dollars and was able to be as drunk as I wanted to. This is a bar for drunk people, when you are sober it is too loud and too crowded and there is no a/c. Once you start to get your buzz going though its awesome.The girl to guy ratio is pretty good but lots of bearded dudes and a large age range from 20s-40s but more heavy on the 20-30s.This bar attracts a LOT of hipsters, and a few handfuls of regular folk. Very casual and the outside part makes you feel like you are at a friends house party.
4	Love This Historical District First Friday setting!
4	If you dream of sipping a beer inside what appears to be some old couples home - THIS is the place for you.  I met up with a great friend here and was convinced we were barging into someone else's house when we opened the door...... but it's quite nice.  Very eclectic, and cozy.  Nice selection of beers, prices are reasonable, and the banter was lively.  There was even a short film in production (I use this term loosely) while we were there, and a couple of my rogue suggestions were actually implemented.  Everyone in town should stop here at least once and take it all in, this is a very cool and unique joint.
4	Great beer selection! Tons of local and international brews. I had La Fin du Monde and my cousin had a Wild Blue for bottles then 2 local beers whose names I, reasonably since they were complicated and I was drinking, can't remember on tap.
4	Update, beer and wine only- they were very offended and then refused to serve my friend and I anymore when we asked for a well drink. Sorry, most bars have a wider selection. Also the music that was playing live was pretty bad, but that's what you get with live music I guess.
4	Lost leaf is cool!  I spend a lot of time on the patio, and they have a good range of drinks, from the cheap but good, to the specialty great beers.  Wine too for those of you who like that sort of thing.  There is generally some sort of live music going on and there is always changing local art on the walls. Very good place to hang out.  The staff is super nice too.  The bathrooms are usually clean, but sometimes the lines are outta control.  haha, usually on First Friday nights...
4	Loved the ambiance of this place. Very chill, trendy, and homey. Everything feels so familiar..in a: I feel like Im at home drinking and listening to music with friends kind of way. Possibly because it is a bar inside of a house? Will definitely go back!
4	Get lost at Lost Leaf. It's a quaint bar serving up local wine and beer offering live musical performances every night of the week. Every show is free and the selection is enormous for such a small place. Walking in the door, you'll find casual seating and standing space where you can chat and drink. Towards the back of the bar, you'll see the stage, which is more of a recessed area in what feels more like a living room. That's what so neat about this place - you really get close and personal with the musicians. A friend of mine sings with a band called the Get Down Boys (very cool bluegrass), who played a show here one night. A bunch of us from High School packed the place and the mood was awesome! Lost Leaf echoes the look and feel of old school Arizona. It's worth going for the ambiance, drinks and music!
4	Very cool chill bar with a pretty good beer selection. Seems like they have music almost every night
4	Lost Leaf is a cool little spot in downtown Phoenix, where it's easy to wander in and get lost in the music du jour.Beer drinkers, come prepared to make some difficult decisions!  I don't know how the bartender finds what he's looking for in a fridge with no apparent organizational system and several dozen different obscure bottles.  Ask for a recommendation if you need it!Non-beer drinkers, don't worry.  The pear-cider passed my careful inspection, and I really don't like beer.  I'd be willing to try some of their other ciders.  And of course there is wine!Music can vary pretty wildly from night to night, so if you're picky about that kind of thing, check who's playing.  The room with the "stage" is very intimate, which is perfect if you're there to enjoy the music on tap.  If you prefer light background music to conversation and drinks, choose the dining room or patio outside for an entirely different atmosphere.
4	Good selection of beer. Great prices! We came during the day probably awesome at night
4	I've been to a couple of shows at the lost leaf and each time I enjoyed myselfThe service is always very welcoming and friendlyIt is a cute little house with a cool layoutThey even have a small side patio where you can enjoy the weather or enjoy a cigaretteThey also have a great beer selectionI always ponder where they put their beer... Like, it's a small house... With a ton of beer..I always just see the fridge though lolI had a pumpkin ale one night and I loved itThe guys behind the bar are very helpful
5	This is my spot.It's dark, they have great beer, live music 365 days a year, and it's walking distance. I want nothing more!
4	This place made me feel comfortable when I entered the place. Nice live music( little sad) played by a band called 'Steph the article' from Tucson.Friendly people, polite staff, and most of the things were fine except for the music after the band stopped playing, it was like somewhat nonsense and unpleasant.
5	It is really hard to believe that I have yet to write a review of The Lost Leaf. The Lost leaf used to be the place to be. I guess it still is. I love it anyway. Just not on a first Friday. Too many people on that night. I like it on a  Monday when Jiggle or Running from Bears might be playing a little something. Free jazz and there is no cover also. You wont find any fruity cocktail or smokey concoctions at this bar. Strictly beer and wine. I think they even have a few taps now. Love the craft selection. They have something for every beer drinker in phoenix. The wine selection is the tits as well. They don't serve food though so you should plan on eating before or after or not at all. There are a few good places around the way. And the bar tenders are super appreciative if you bring them tacos... hahaha. I like ending up here as we stroll through downtown Phoenix. Its not too casual but not too... stuffy (?) I guess. I can't find a word for it. But Its different. Its one of those places where you can make new friends and always run into a few old ones! Tells you who my fiends are... :D These bar tenders are my favorite though. Not to mention I found my love of craft beers 5/6 years ago at this very bar. So, it will always have a special place in my heart.
5	The Lost Leaf was one of the first places I happened upon in Phoenix. I like this place because it is a little different than everywhere else and permeates a cool, chill atmosphere.  I like the small shows they have there with their quaint patio, just don't try to chill there on First Friday, it is a Zoo.
5	I have heard some of the best band music at this place and had many enriching conversations there. Super friendly staff and patrons, great patio, great art, So many beers to try and great prices. It has been one of my very favorite places in town. Highly recommended for artists & music lovers, intellectuals, beer connoisseurs. Great wine selection too!
5	Probably my favorite bar in Phoenix. Local music and craft beer are pretty much the best combo.
4	Very laid back spot right off of Roosevelt. Good selection of beer and the prices are pretty on point. The only real downside for me is having live music, which I'm sure is a positive for most people, it just makes it a little harder to have a conversation. But if you're looking to check out new music, it's worth it.
5	Great selection of wines and beers. Super low key. They have some really incredible art pieces featured on the walls by local artists. Great spot for a date or a night cap.
4	From the street this bar just looks like a house ... I mean, at one one time it clearly was just that.  Inside, where the kitchen likely once was is now the bar, the living room is the space for the patrons and what could likely have been a bedroom is now a (very small) venue for performers and their fans (like 8 of them). This quirkiness pays off, though.  The bar had a relaxed, cool vibe and a good selection of beers.  I was there on Saturday 4/5 and the band playing was awesome ... some kind of surfer rock outfit.  If their calibre is indicative of other artists that perform there, it's definitely worth another visit in the future.  Cool art on display, too.
5	Great casual atmosphere. . Fantastc beers..all taps are local. Very friendly and professional staff!
4	This is a wonderful place but unfortunately one of the bartenders is super unpleasant. The man with long hair and a braid is super rude and used profanity when asked a simple question. Love the place but not all of the employees are sweet. Shameful. Either way, great beer and music at a good price.
4	I should probably give this a 5 star rating because it has millions of beers, very friendly bar tenders and live music that's always neat.But, the hipster vibe makes me throw up in my mouth, so I have to take a star away.If you like beer, live music, friendly/prompt service, and are also a hipster, you will LOVE THE SOCKS OFF THIS PLACE.If you like beer, live music, friendly/prompt service, and are NOT a hipster, you will still really like it.
5	This is the kind of place that makes you want to move downtown.  Great ambiance, great selection of beer and a wild selection of nightly bands.
4	This is kind of a weird place for me to review. I'm gonna give it 4 stars, but honestly, I'm more a fan with the idea of The Lost Leaf & that there's a bar like this in Phoenix, than the bar itself (make sense?).The thing is I've ONLY been here during First Fridays (and this last time I was here was the first time in a very long time), so a big reason I don't completely love this place is the fact it's so crowded. I think I'd like it better as a place to grab a beer in the middle of the week when I'm sure it's not so crowded, but I don't live close by and this isn't the type of the place I'm gonna make a trip to simply because they have a large & really good beer selection (which this place does!).All that being said, I do like the atmosphere here. I like the cozy little house vibe, and I like the patio. And like I said, I do like the large beer selection.
5	Great place to enjoy a beer and hear some live music. They have a large selection of craft beers, some bottled and about 6 or so on tap. They serve wine as well, but no hard alcohol. I especially appreciate the fact that their selection of live music is very eclectic. I've heard everything from alt rock to Dixieland jazz, and the quality of the musicians is always high. The only downside to this place is its size; it's relatively small, which means that it can sometimes get a bit crowded, especially on First Friday. However, the service is good and the line at the bar always moves quickly.
3	Great place especially if you enjoy bohemian women with hairy armpits, bottled beers, and live music any night of the week. Two hairy bushes way way up!!!
4	Great beer selection, crackling music and always good times smoking out back. One of my favorite places to hang out in downtown Phoenix.
1	No liquor. 4 beers on draft and the rest bottles. This place is full of obnoxious hipsters and the bar tenders and staff probably live in the back room of the house. Most of the bands that play know about 4 notes on their instrument. Just a shit place, sorry Lost Leaf, i tried to like you. Try to relocate. Portland? Maybe then everyone can relate to what you're TRYING to do here.
3	Hit the rewind button and take us back to freshman year of college!! It really looks and smells like a college party minus the blasting Lil Jon music and girl on girl grinding. Great selection of beers and overall chill vibe. I went on First Friday and it was pretty packed (hence feeling like a college party) but wasn't too bad outside/backyard area. Bartenders were nice and got your drinks fairly quickly. There was a DJ mixing some interesting electro music, but I hear they occasionally have live performers in the backyard which I'm sad I didn't get to see this time around.Come here if you're looking for something different/unique from the rest of Phoenix, Tempe and (god forbid) Scottsdale.
5	So much fun.  It's not easy to spot but that's all part of the charm.  Lost Leaf is a perfect place to stop for a beer (nice selection of bottled, canned and drafts) and live music every night!  Be prepared to get cozy with the people around you, especially on busy nights. It's a small space but intimate and always fun.  They have a nice patio out back as well if you want to get some fresh air or smoke.  There are also some tables, chairs, and a nice padded bench to hang out in the bar area.
3	Not sure how I feel about this place.I love a good watering hole as much as the next person, but this place was missing something...They have live music, art, and cozy space, which is cool... But it still lacked personality, as well as a bartender that just couldn't pull herself away from such a fascinating conversation with friends. I understand... I only wanted pear cider anyway, so clearly that can wait...Anyway, I suggest checking out one of the hundreds of other dive bars in Phoenix :) Cheers!
4	i dont know who hired alice from workaholics to work the bar here on a saturday night but where is joe?! where is tato?! i walked out of the restroom up to the bar and was not greeted with a hello but a bitchy "i need to see YOUR id". whoa! relax! attitude is everything and hers instantly killed the vibe i used to have for this place at least when the dudes are working. i recommend this place to all my friends and even brought some in but this girl totally soured the experience. hope im not the only one who feels this way.
5	Jason, the bartender gave this place the extra star in my opinion. The old house converted into a solid beer bar is always a great conversion. This place to me is a staple, any first friday I am sure to swing by for a quick quench. The loyal following consists of the artsy type, a lot of downtown hip types with a very random selection of music at any night.All in all, I would recommend this place to the right type and will be returning soon.
3	The Lost Leaf is an unusual venue for music, but a needed one. It's cramped but the service is great.
