2	So yes I'm an owner here. Yes I got talked into the presentation and yes I was talked into buying. lol Overall I'm happy with my decision to purchase but not so happy with this resort.The rooms are extremely nice here. Everything is clean and new with granite countertops and glass shower doors. What I don't like about the rooms is that they all have connecting doors to the room next door. This is annoying when the other guests are loud obnoxious assholes. Also, I really hate having to smell what the people next door are cooking/eating. Another issue with this place is that the staff members are very rude. All they care about is getting new victims to buy. They don't care about you once you get there. There is no room service which I think is nuts. Also, you can only get your room cleaned one time. Anything more and they will charge a fee. Ridiculous! When they were trying to sell, they told me there was a business center for all guests. Well of course I get there and it's two computers and a printer. Oh and guess what else? You have to PAY to use them AND the rates are more expensive than on the strip! Are they serious? Do they not realize they all have jobs because of owners like myself? Also why is check out at 10 am? nuts.My other issue is that there are a massive amount of people who work in this place but no one seems to be doing anything. I mean is it really necessary to have 8 lifeguards? Let's not forget about the 7 limos (which means 7 limo drivers) they keep for the suckers who just bought. Wow you get a ride down the strip in a limo. Woohoo. All this while I have to pay 15 dollars for a cab ride to the airport. Why is it that there are 20 different shuttles at this place (all reserved for potential owners but 1!!!) but none of them can take me to the fricking airport?? Ok so my blood pressure is rising now. I'm gonna have to take one more star off. So there tahiti village. Take your two stars and shove it up your money grubbing asses.
4	Our friend is an owner of this timeshare. It made our trip super affordable, $75 a night for our own suite. The rooms are really pretty nice. They come complete with a living room and kitchen The decor is very tropical, palm trees galore. Actually it really reminded me of my parents house. Unfortunately we were here when it wasn't exactly pool season. The pool area was really big and super nice. A high of 52 wasn't getting me in my bathing suit.       Tahiti Village is about 1 mile away from Mandalay Bay. Not exactly walking distance in Vegas. It was really convenient that they had a shuttle that ran every half hour. The shuttle was always on time and dropped you off a 3 different locations, the Tropicana,  Treasure Island and the Riviera. This service saved us ALOT of money on cabs. Cabs in Vegas start at $3.30. It is a bout $20 to go from the middle of the strip back to the hotel!!!   We would definitely come back and stay here for the price. You do however really miss being in the mix of everything.************* one more thing I totally agree with Kori M. Why is there not a shuttle to the airport? They are seriously 7 minutes away, that's a $15 cab ride. I too walked in to the lobby and there were employees sitting around on the couches, just hanging out.
2	Everything Kori says.. I agree.. and then some.. Good things about this timeshare/hotel is the 42 inch plasma in the master bedroom.. the sauna in your shower (goes up to 212 degrees), if you ever want to pass out quickly for some morbid reason.. stay in the shower/sauna for 30 minutes.. i recommend no more than 20 minutes.. unless you really think you ate too much at the buffet and need to loose 2 inches or so...you got a fridge, dishwasher, microwave, washer and dryer(all in 1), bar station, view of the pool with mini man made beach, folding sofa bed..and a huge bathroom with a huge bathtub and two sink. Now for the boos...the airport is right there.. you can hear the planes go wiz by..their number of the hotel rooms are weird.. mine was 1212, and the one next to me was 1212a.. so I hear a hard knock at my door at like 5 am, right when i was 30 minutes into my sleep.. woke my ass up.. ignored it..I went back to sleep for another 5.. then banging knock again.. got up.. and open the door.. and this old dh was looking for his friend.. then his friend comes out from 1212a and says oh its this one.. wtf..ok. next there's no room service so I have to lay down on the same bedsheet for 4 days.. i know i do that at my house.. but this is not my house.. next. I look for extra linens and found blood on them..seems like someone had their period..next I smelled the pillow case.. and it smelled like an old rastafari dude just left his head odor for me..so.. the next time I got home again like at 5am and I call room service for an extension on my checkout to 12 (10 am checkout), next the lady says I need to call at 9 am their leader for that to happen.. I told her the reason why Im calling now is so i can get some freakin sleep.. who da hell go to sleep then wakes up in a couple of hours then sleep again.. weird.. so I ask the lady2x.. Who is your leader?.. like in a robotic voice and ask her.. Take me to your leader.. she was pretty piss.. so I just slept and woke up at 10.. next the lobby is like a zoo.. full of sharks trying to sign people in the timeshare..cant really breath.. it seems its all about sales to them.. there must have been so many suits trying to sell this place than people who are staying here..also there is no gaming or slots on property..there should be.. since lots of these people like me might want to go down (slots, tables)somewhere and donate my mulah to the establishment. Housekeeping is 35$ a day if you want it clean..oh ya the door connecting the room.. pretty weird.. pretty weird...
1	My parents bought a timeshare here while it was being built.  It is not walking distance from the active part of the strip.  The lobby and the rooms are nice enough, but I suspect they were cheap about certain things.  We stayed in a two bedroom two bathroom suite.  My first shower turned into a bath because of plumbing problems, but they came up quickly to fix it.  The suite was decent sized and bedrooms were far apart - which I think is VERY important.There isn't any decent food on site.  Luckily there was a Chipotle within walking distance.The sales people are like vultures, I was only safe because I was a seemingly single woman who looks young.  Even on the strip they harass people, I finally asked why no one was bugging me and someone said it was because I didn't have a man with me.  I was happy not to be trapped, but how sexist!My last night I was in the bar and a sleazy guy was making his rounds.  When I showed my disinterest he mocked me for not wearing makeup and having my hair tied back.  Then the drunken jerk started yelling at the band, telling them they suck and generally being nasty.  I find out later, he is one of the SALES people.I'd stay there again, because it's free for me - but they need to get their act together.
3	Because of the pool and location, this is a great place if you're traveling to Vegas with your kids.  It is not a place I would recommend to my single friends that like to gamble  and party though.  Our two year old loved the sand beach at the pool, zero depth entry and a shallow end that is shallow enough for him to play in.  The pool area had beautiful waterfalls and landscaping, the web pics don't do it justice.  I'd rate the pool 4.5-5 stars.  My only complaint about the pool, no easily accessible foot wash and no servers.  Our room was ok, not great but roomy and comfortable (bigger than it looks in the photos I think.  We had the smaller of the suites and there was no balcony or opening window.  My one complaint about the room, there was dry air blowing constantly that we had no control over.  Also, as previously mentioned there was no room service and maid service only once during the week.Location is alright as long as you have a car.  It's too far to walk to the main part of the strip.  This was fine for us but a problem for others.  The resort has a shuttle, but I heard from other guests that it was not dependable.  They were told the shuttle was a courtesy when it shows up but not a required amenity. My two major complaints are this.  1) No wi-fi.....  a new hotel should have wi-fi, you have to go to the far end of the lobby and you can pick up  Denny's signal.  2) Everytime you walk out of any of the exits, you have to walk through a cloud of cigarette smoke from the sales staff, uck!!!!  We didn't have any of the badgering that others complained about though.  They were generally friendly and left us alone.TIPS:  If you stay here, be sure to call ahead and ask for a pool view,  otherwise you may be left looking at a parking lot or construction.  Also you may want to avoid the top floor, the resort is right at the end of the airport... we were not on the top floor and never heard planes from our room.
3	Did the timeshare deal with these guys. They gave me a $150 dining credit at any MGM restaurant.  We thought it'd be 90 minutes... it ended up taking nearly 4.5 hours including the shuttle ride to and from our hotel.  We could have driven, but they want to keep you there longer.They picked me up at my hotel, the Excalibur.  We showed up on time.. The bus left.. They gave us some mediocre snacks while we waited for the bus to leave.  When we get there.. We sit in a lobby.  The sales rep brought us into one of the biggest boiler rooms we've ever been in.. They have management goons that sit in the corner and eye everything....creepy.. They have more, better free food there..  The sales rep showed us the property, talked about it, and answered our question.  We know better not to buy from the developer.  When we declined, they sent out more pushy closers. I spent a good deal of time dealing with these guys.. eventually it was time to get our gifts, but we were in a pretty bad mood by that time, and real anxious to leave. One thing I learned is to set your watch, and time these guys from the start. If they go over, you can sue them for false advertising.  I didn't bother doing this, and probably wasted a couple hours with these shysters.  We got vocal are we got tired of their tactics and they finally relented. The best part was when we redeemed the gift.. we had the best meal we've ever had in vegas..  I give them 3 stars for that.
3	Stayed here for a full week w/ 6 ppl in a Royal Tahitian Suite. 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 living rooms, a kitchen and a kitchenette. http://www.consolidatedresorts.com/pdf/floor_plans/tv_royal.pdf CONS: 7 days; they only had housekeeping come in once the whole week, and I had to call down to the front desk to have someone come BACK up bc they didn't empty our garbage. Sales way too aggressive, we stayed there bc my bf's parents own it as timeshare; a sales rep called 4 different times to ask if we had our "welcome package" and the front office info (2 of those calls were before 9am!) Front desk/lobby was littered w. employees aimlessly doing NOTHING! I waited in line for 10 minutes w/ no one in front of me and EIGHT ppl at the front desk laughing and joking around and chatting amongst themselves. I had to walk up and ask someone to help me. They had 6 "bellmen" sitting on a bench, one was texting on his cell phone, and there was a mom clearly struggling holding her baby carrier and bags trying to walk into the lobby; no one helped her!? Construction; I think they are still building a 3rd building so there are a lot of construction machines and tools in the parking lot. No Internet. Not within walking distance to the main strip; shuttle is unreliable for a return trip :( rent a car or bring lots of cash for a cab! No Airport shuttle. PROS: It was cheap; seriously worth every penny if you're not high maintenance and need all the glitz and glamour or someone to hold your door open. It's a SPACIOUS place to stay. Bathrooms were really big; main area has a separate bathtub and a shower that converts to a steam room.  Counterspace! Full kitchen w/ dishes and pots and pans; saved a lot of money eating in.Pool area is BEAUTIFUL and well maintained, it was too cold to use it however but we did talk a stroll to view the area, they are also in the process of building a "lazy river" which looks pretty big. Ample parking; if you com back late in the evening you do have to walk a little bit but it's really not that bad. Casual place; secure; you have to scan your room card to get into any of the buildings and in the elevator.
5	So back on Dec 13th I had a birthday party at tahiti village i rented their 1550 sq ft. family suite it was a great suite for the price. Rented for $125.00. I do not own a timeshare there just rented it for the night. The room was clean and had great decor. It had 4 nice size plasmas thru out the suite along with full kitchen and kitchenette, all of my guest were blown away how great the room looked. If you get a chance a recommend staying there
4	my family stayed here last week and had a great time.  we got the family suite.  huge!  clean.  based on some of these reviews i was nervous about high pressure sales....but we didn't get approached by one person.  it was very nice and relaxed.  maybe 2 min. from all the action.  we would definitely stay there again.  a great value!
1	Horrible We own the one bedroom timeshare with Tahiti village Las Vegas.  Here are a few horrible experiences that we have had. In order to make a reservation, need to call direct phone number, not the 1800 number. Even we tried to make the reservation in 4 month in advance, there is no room available.Web site- it's horrible to use, no follow up on the on line reservation, horrible log in, it just horrible.  We are absolutely  mad.
3	Meh....my money could be spent a lot better elsewhere but overall, the experience here was satisfying.  Our family had a great vacation in Vegas and it did feel like home after awhile.  Prior to arriving, we received many phone calls about confirmation and other related notifications.  Their phone operators really get on your ass about it and will continue hounding you if you don't pick up the phone or don't call them back.  I guess that's a good thing as far as vacation confirmation goes.  But it gets annoying when you DO pick up the phone and nobody is there!  Are they so used to getting someone's voicemail that they've forgotten how to take their phone off the automated messenger and actually TALK to the person who just picked up the phone?  This has happened to me on more than one occasion.  Anyway...We got there and checked in.  That was real easy.  The only problem was, we had to park in the garage and our room was like a mile away.  A lot of walking for the week that we were there!  Not a big deal though, I'm not taking too many points away from them for that.  Our room was pretty nice.  We have the studio w/ a fold-out couch.  The king bed was very comfortable.  The living area was spacious and I appreciate them putting a tv in the living room although it should really be bigger than the one in the bedroom if they expect people to hang out in the living room.  No biggie.  I was in the living room often when my wife and son were asleep and I'd be up early in the morning exercising.We expected the cleaning ladies only once while we were there, so we didn't make a big mess.  I guess other people are pissed about that but we expected it.  I mean, how hard is it to pick up after yourself?  If you needed trash to be thrown away, just leave the trash outside in the hallway and the maids will get them.  And unless you're wiping your ass with your towels, they don't need to be changed everyday.  One minor complaint was that the cleaning lady never gave us more coffee when they came by :-(  Boohoo....we just grabbed some more when we saw their carts in the hallway.I used their fitness center at least 3 times while we were there for the week and although it isn't huge, it gets the job done.  I was able to get to all of my muscle groups that I normally work.  The cardio equipment seems in great condition too.  Having several tv's in the room was awesome too.  Plenty of towels and water.  It was perfect for me but for a weight lifter, maybe not.  There weren't any free weights.The pool was pretty nice although it was really just a kiddy pool and never went more than 4.5 ft deep.  There is a fake beach area where they've dumped beach sand to simulate a beach shore.  My son LOVED playing over there.  It was executed very nicely.  The lazy river was pretty nice too but we didn't spent much time over there.  Can't comment on Tahiti Joes or any other features of Tahiti Village because we really just stayed in the pool or went out.  When we paid for our place, I was under the impression that our studio had a stove but it turned out it only had a small fridge and microwave.  :-(  It would've been nice with a stove but I guess that only comes with the 2-br.  I'm mainly taking points away from the amount of walking we had to do and the fact that there were NEVER any spots available outside of the garage.  Maybe it would've been different if we weren't there for the week of Memorial Day?
1	Yeah basically I will not ever be back at this establishment ever again even if they gave me free nights.  It all started with a timeshare opportunity and all the hype that goes along with it.  For the price you pay monthly for a timeshare you are better off saving that money for 6 months and then enjoying a trip with all air and hotel accomodations paid for.  Then you can enjoy vegas twice a year without paying so much money for so little service.  Upon arrival the very first time there the staff at the front desk was rude and not very attentative.  The young man decided it was more important to adjust all the retractable line guides then to serve an actual person waiting in the line!  I could not believe it.  He then had a smirk and grin on his face from my displeasure I had to let him know if he knows who pays his salary?  That did not change his catty attitude.  Too bad this is not the wild west.  Then they gave us keys that did not work and we had to trek a long distance to find out the keys did not work.  It happend 2 times and they did not offer to test it themselves the 3rd time around boy did that piss me off.  the staff there needs some customer service training and even the people who you deal with on the financial end do not understand their policies.  I had conflicting information through all the drama before we opted out of this $20,000.00+  timeshare.  The service at the bar at Tahiti Joe's restaurant was the only bright light to this whole deal meaning it probably is not tied to Tahiti Village's customer service training or lack of.  The place is very new and nice with new techonlogy but they do not clean your rooms daily so imagine my basketball team creating a bachelor pad, dorm room type mess after 4 nights.  Did I mention I was very unhappy with this experience? :-)   Summary 0 Stars Materialistic Sell no follow through poor service on site or on the phone.  Get your money and run is the feeling they left with me.
3	A friend had access to the family timeshare while we were in Vegas.  It was a one bedroom one bath suite. The clientele are a bit older here, friendly but older.  So be prepared for that.  I saw a few jaws drop when we walked through the lobby dressed for the clubs.  There's a shuttle to and from certain points on the strip.  It leaves the resort every 30 minutes.  During peak hours be sure to get there a few minutes early they fill up fast.The living room was simply furnished with a couch (with fold out bed), dining table and a 40 inch flat screen.  There wasn't much to see from our living room window.  The master bedroom had a king bed and another flat screen tv on the wall.  The room had it's own entrance to the bathroom.I'd have to say the bathroom was the highlight of the room.  Double sinks, a big well lit mirror and a decent amount of counter space.  Enough elbow room for 3 girls to get ready for a night out.  Mind you this includes: multiple flat irons, curling irons, and make-up bags.  There was a steam shower and a big whirlpool tub.  Definite possibilities for a couples getaway if you're so inclined.The mattress on the sofa bed was pretty thin.  I woke up feeling like I'd gone a few rounds with Mike Tyson. At the end of the day I don't know if there is enough "luxury" here to justify being so far off the strip.
4	As my first randevu to Las Vegas being twenty one years old, I wanted to go big and stay on the strip but since my friend's parents let us use their timeshare, we opted in.  Tahiti village resort is about a 10 minute drive from the strip but they do have a shuttle that runs until 1am and stops at a few different hotels so you can hop off closest to your preferred destination.  You could take the shuttle there and you only have to worry about a taxi for the way back.  Even when us five girls came stumbling back at 4 am the resort attendants were there to open our door and one of them always offered to drive us on his golf cart back to our room because it was Halloween weekend and freezing cold out (the lack of clothes and shoes didn't help either).It was a nice place.  The bathrooms were big and had plenty of counter space for all of us to get ready.  There were three flat screen TVs in unit and the kitchen even had a blender.  If i were to come back to Vegas I would want to stay right on the strip because I do think it would be a different experience, but for what we ended up paying, this was very worth it.
4	Love, Love LOVE this Resort.  I have stayed in quite a few timeshares in Vegas, and I can say that this is BY FAR the best...The 2-room lock off Unit is a blessing for anyone who travels with friends/family and need a few moments of peace and quiet or just want to separate themselves from the rest of the group for a few.The staff is always friendly, the rooms are immaculate and they have EARLY CHECK-INs whereas most places in Vegas make you hang out at a Casino until 4pm while they hold your luggage.  I would recommend this resort to anyone looking for a nice place to stay at a reasonable price.Sure, they are on the end of the Strip across from Mandalay bay, but it's also across the street from the outlet centers, which makes early morning shopping convenient.  Only gripe: Parking is hard to find when you are rolling in at 2-3:00 am lol
3	My consensus is that if you have a car, and you're staying as a hotel guest.... it's great and a wonderful value.
3	Just got back from Las Vegas, spent 3 nights at the Tahiti Village.  My wife, 2 kids, and myself stayed in a small suite.  There was a small living room with a sofa bed in front of a conventional 25" TV.  The living area also had a kitchenette with a sink, microwave, and small refrigerator.  The bedroom was kind of small but adequate.  The king sized bed took up most of the space. We had a 32" flat screen in a cabinet with drawers.  Both TV's had Dish Network.  The closets were adequate with a lockbox available in the bedroom.  The bathroom was average for any hotel room on the strip with a toilet, shower and tub.  Nothing fancy, but clean.What I liked:1.  The pool areas.  Our kids love playing in water.  There is a large very large pool with areas for wading and even a sand "beach" area loaded with sand toys.  The water was too warm for my taste, but the kids loved this.  There is also a "lazy river" where the water was colder.   They charge $3 to rent a tube, but for some reason they were free on our second day.  This was lots of fun.2.  The bed in our room was very comfortable and the pillows were great for me.  I prefer a flat pillow, but there are many if you want it higher.3.  There is a Denny's right on the premises.  Also within 2 blocks are a 7-11, Quizno's, Weinerschnitzel, McD's, Chili's, Subway, Buffalo Wings, Outback Steakhouse and other inexpensive places to eat.4.  No gambling on premises.  Family friendly.5.  No one even mentioned timeshare to us during our entire stay.What I didn't like:1.  Parking.  There is limited parking near the buildings.  Only some of it is covered.  The only thing worse than having to hike a quarter mile to your car is having to park it out in the desert sun all day.2.  Drinking in the pool.  People are allowed to have their cocktails and beer in the water.  I feel this is inappropriate in a family area. I saw several people dump beer into the lazy river.Overall, we enjoyed our stay.  Not the greatest, but not the worst.  We had a voucher for our stay.  I would probably stay here again, but only with another voucher.
2	Ok, so I feel bad because I'm giving this place only 2 starts.  The room was very nice, the kitchen is a good size - the steam room shower is absolutely awesome - great after being super dehydrated.  The pool is nice and clean, the drinks at the bar are not too shabby.However, after calling them to confirm that our room will be ready to check in early, we arrive and were told to wait 30 min.   We left our bags and headed out for lunch.  Returned about 2 hrs later, no room yet.  Hubby and his friend took off to the store to buy food and drinks, my girlfriend and I stayed pool side.  Another 2 hrs later, still no room, now we are tired of the pool, since we are in jeans ( hot and sweaty), the food the guys bought is sitting in the luggage check, some more time passes, and it is now 5pm, check in was at 3pm, our early check in was supposed to be at 11am.  STILL NO ROOM - apparently the carpet was washed and it must dry before we are allowed in.  So finally at 5:30pm we get our room, by this point we have taken a nap at the pool, on the couch by registration, on the chairs in the hallway, even in the VIP room.  The carpet is completely dry and to us it didn't look like it was shampooed... but whatever.  We were not the only ones waiting for our rooms, others were in the same boat!The next morning while we were waiting for the shuttle we sat pool side, which has no hours posted and there were at least 10 others in the pool area - so the security chick comes by and kicks us out because the pool is not open yet she told us, but what about the others?  She didn't say anything to them and it's not like it was 6 in the morning, more like 10am.Tons of old and older people walking around and hanging out, the decor in the lobby reminded me of Florida, where all the retired people live.  Lol when my girlfriend and I went to Tahiti Joe's, the bar, for drinks the older guys were picking up on us... while their wives were on the balcony smoking, it was hilarious. Not a bad place, like I said it was clean and considering that my mother-in-law hooked us up with her timeshare special price, about $50 per night, it was a great deal for a two bedroom with a full kitchen.Oh, and then there is the shuttle... WOW.  It moves at snail pace, takes forever to get on to the strip, then you have to cab it to get to where your really going.  If you miss the shuttle, be expecting a $30 cab ride.  We spend soooo much money on cabs that if we stayed on the strip and paid a higher price for the room it would have been the same.  The only nice thing was the kitchen, we didn't have to eat out as much, which is always a money saver.
4	Got a great deal on Orbitiz for this hotel. $200 for 2 nights for a 2 bedroom suite. Score! Me and a friend were coming to Vegas for another friends wedding. The 2 bedroom suite was perfect for us as we each brought a date. We had driven to Vegas overnight from San Jose, CA and arrived to Vegas around 5 am. On a whim we decided to see if we could check in early. Our room was available and for $75 we were able to get an early check in. Trust me the $75 was well worth it to be able to get a couple extra hours of sleep (especially for our poor friend who had just driven the 6 hours). We were shocked when we got to our room. SO NICE! It had a full kitchen with stove/oven, fridge, blender, dishwasher and all the pots/pans/plates/etc you could need. Our rooms were adjoining and there was even a little mini kitchen in the next room. Me and my boyfriend took the room with the jacuzzi tub (!!!!!!) and steam shower (!!!!!!). We never tried the steam shower but we put the tub to good use ;)Overall we really enjoyed our stay. The onsite Denny's was great for a quick and cheap breakfast and the lazy river was great for relaxing in the nice weather and working on our tans. I would totally stay here again!
3	Tahiti Village is not like the Bellagio or MGM or the Palm, but it is a pretty good place to stay when you're in the Sin City. The room's big, clean and comfortable. There's TV, a microwave, refrigerator, stove, hairdryer, just like home. I like the little living room next to the kitchen.Affordable rates.About 10-15 mins from the heart of the city by bus they provide.
2	Spent a week at the Tahiti Village, we had for people in a small suite. There was a small living room with a sofa bed in front of a flat screen 36" TV. The living room also had a kitchenette with a sink,  a small refrigerator, and a microwave.There was the comfortable king sized bed in the small bedroom that  took up most of the room. We had a 42" flat screen in the bedroom that for some reason didn't have the on-screen guide that was provided on the living room TV. The closets were fine with a lockbox available in the bedroom. The bathroom was fine, with a toilet and shower/tub.  The bathroom had 2 doors, 1 on either side of the bedroom door.The good points:1. There is a large pool with areas for wading and even a sand beach area loaded with sand toys. If you have kids, this is a great place for them to play.  2. There is a Denny's on the premises for breakfast, along with Tahiti Joes.  Convenient.3. No gambling on premises. It's nice to be able to get away from the lights and noise.4. Only one timeshare sales pitch during the entire stay,although the rep was unprofessional and pushy.5. Good shuttle service to two drop-off points on the strip.6. Friendly employees.The bad points:1. They charge $3 to rent a tube at the lazy river, which is ridiculous.  This should covered as part of the room charge.2. There is a Denny's on the premises, along with Tahiti Joes. Expensive, marginal food.3. The hot tub smelled like a chlorine tub.  The staff must have thought it was OK to let kids play in the hot tub with their pool toys at 1:30 in the morning.4. My son was told in order to charge to the room we needed to put down a $500 deposit.  I've never heard of such a policy before??5. No airport shuttle. 6. No free Internet access.  To make it worse, it wasn't paying for WiFi - you had to rent a USB modem and install software on your computer for Internet access.  This is ridiculous.7. 10am checkout or you're charged.  This is non-standard compared to most places we vacation.8. You have to pay to use the "Business Center", which should also be included.  Again with the  "nickel and diming".9. The workout room was small is missing pieces from the machines.  It wasn't being maintained properly.I have a pet peeve regarding being charged for small things.  This might not bother some people, but it really bugs me.  The lazy river tubes,  Internet access, and Business Center should be included, it certainly wouldn't cost the hotel that much money to do so and would provide a much more pleasant experience.We wouldn't stay here again, although it wasn't bad enough to ruin our trip.  I wouldn't consider this a Gold Star resort as advertised, there are many things that need to be improved.
3	Stayed here for a few days with the family during a house hunting adventure before we moved here.It's not where all the Strip action is, but it's close enough that you can get there in a few minutes by car or taxi. They might have a shuttle, but we rented a car, so we didn't have much need. It's close to the outlets and Town Square, which is an excellent outdoor shopping center. The rooms are big with fully stocked kitchens and dining areas. There aren't many dining options available (Denny's and Tahiti Joe's,) but you can always put that kitchen to use! Ignore the timeshare offers and you're all set.
4	So we stayed in The Bora Bora Suite which is the one bedroom but with the full kitchen and balcony. This place is super clean and has very nice suites. We had 2 plasmas, a steamer shower, a jacuzzi tub, stainless steel appliances, jsut to name a few things. Our first 3 days in vegas we stayed on the strip and came here for 5 days to relax. The main pool is huge and has a sand entrance and the lazy river is awesome. This place is very family oriented their were tons of kids running around which started to get annoying but I think 70% of the guests were there with children so we were the minority. The shuttle sucks only because it seems like you're always wating for it or in our case for the driver to get off his break. And even when their were no more seats left on the shuttle we couldn't leave until exactly half past the hour which makes absolutely no sense to me. The location isn't that bad but in no way are you walking anywhere. Even the outlet malls next door seemed like you were walking across the desert. I would stay here again but just to relax if you're looking to tear up vegas stay on the strip.
4	Perfect place if your looking for a family vacation with the possibility of leaving the kids for a few to hit the strip. Thankfully our kids are teenagers, we could leave them at the hotel, pool was open until 10pm and there were so many teenagers the girls were not bored. If your w/out kids, this is not the place. They allow you to take your own cocktails to the pool and a cooler if you'd like. Plenty of acapulco bench space in the pool, I moved my lounge chair right on it and sat there ALL day with cocktail in hand.  There was also a river pool we took our own rafts and spent hours there as well. Over all very relaxing family vaca.
4	Great accommodations ! But not really able to host a party(held Aug 21,2010) since other  guests complained  of the noise from the community hall @10 pm!
4	Stayed here for 1 night this past weekend. My friend owns a timeshare here and invited us to stay with them for her birthday weekend! I believe the rooms were a king suite with a connecting standard room. Whichever rooms they were though, they were very spacious and clean! There were 2 bedrooms and 2 pullout sofas, 2 bathrooms, a full kitchen in the suite, and a kitchenette in the connecting room. Parking is a breeze, just make sure you get a parking pass. If you dont enter through the lobby, the place can be maze to get through! We made this mistake by parking in the carports first and going through the nearest side door. We were instantly confused and there were no signs telling us where to go! So minus one star for that.Other than that, I really liked our rooms. The bathrooms were clean and I loved the showerheads! The water was warm instantly! Great exerience here!
2	I'm pained to give them two stars when I think about the accommodations.  The rooms are awesome!  The biggest problem was getting to the room.I made a reservation for the room with the full kitchen two months ahead of my intended visit. I received a confirmation number and was told that I would get a room with a full kitchen.  I called right before I left to confirm my room and was again told it would be the one with the full kitchen, which led me to believe that my room was CONFIRMED!  Silly me.  When we arrived, it took over an hour for the 3 people behind the counter to help the four people in line ahead of me.  (Like many other reviews, I did take note of the many people on staff that seemed to be chatting with friends in the lobby - very poor customer service). They gave me my room key, finally!  I asked if I had the room with the full kitchen.  They told me that they didn't have any more.  I explained that I requested the full kitchen when I made the reservation, called back to confirm that it was the room with the full kitchen before I left and I expected to get the room I reserved.  The lady behind the counter insisted my room wasn't available.  I asked to speak to the manager and had to wait an hour.We waited for about 30 minutes more before we began to just  talk out loud about how upsetting it was to start a vacation with a hotel that says one thing on the reservation line and another when you arrive. We talked to the other guest in line until the "manager" came out and pulled us to the side. (45 minutes holding the key to the wrong room). The manager began by restating the same line, they didn't have any rooms with the full kitchens left. She said they didn't have any connection to the reservation line!!!!   After she realized I was not going to accept the smaller room, she "found" a room with the full kitchen.  Of course this confirmed my feelings that they were lying the whole time!!!!I can't say enough good things about the room.  Unfortunately, you may have to get through the worst customer service in order to enjoy that room.
1	As noted on some of the reviews, this place has awful customer service!  They gave me a handicap room and I didn't realize it until the day I checked out.  I had to check out early because there were two roaches in the shower one morning.  Housekeeping came and got rid of the roaches and then mentioned that the place was accomodated for handicapped people.  No wonder the shower didn't have a tub!  I complained to the manager and her excuse was roaches happen all the time.  There was no offer to compensate for our experience.  I had about 4 days left out of 7 days and I rather check out earlier and lose out on the money i paid for rather than stay at that resort another few days and not be able to sleep because I'm worried the roaches might crawl into my bed.  I will never go back there again, even if they offered me a free week.
1	It's a time share. It's not so bad except that I left my thousand dollar camera in the room and called an hour after we checked out. The maid supposedly did not find my camera. I'm so disappointed by the dishonest staff here. The Denny's restaurant located on the same property is the worst ever and smells like rotten eggs when you walk in.
2	Front desk "service" was a tragic comedy: Waiting an hour for clean towels after requesting them 3 times; making you wait in a second check-in line to get a parking pass when they could just give it to you at the main check-in desk; having a concierge desk in Tower 5 (where we stayed) that is unstaffed most of the time; forgetting the password for the lobby wi-fi and telling us to walk next door to the suphur-perfumed Denny's to use theirs; not offering a cable for the "high speed" in the room, advertised as included in the price, yet they wanted to charge us $10/day IF you want to tether yourself to a stupid ethernet cable dangling out from the bottom of the TV in the living room -- and having to talk to three different staff members before even finding out this is their insipid internet connectivity system; No daily room housekeeping; lousy parking; the "king" sized bed is undersized about 8" narrower than our king mattress at home, yet it still felt too short were it supposed to be a California King. The room was a good size for the price. Yet while the furnishings look good on the surface, cheap build quality throughout. Wouldn't ever consider being a time share owner here.Location is not too bad -- 2 miles south from the casino scene. Tahiti Village is a fairly fast drive to The Strip -- and the shuttle they offer isn't too bad either if one of the two stops suits your plans. The lazy river and pool complex are scenic and relaxing. 24 hr hot tub access is nice. Don't know what chemicals they use but all of us have itchy skin unlike we ever get after swimming, though.The location, large pools complex, and decent-sized rooms should make Tahiti Village a four star choice for the budget. The service was SO HORRIBLY INADEQUATE, however, I can't bring myself to be generous enough to award them that rating.
5	stayed here 1/21-1-25. it was a great experience. yes, it is far from the strip but peaceful and quiet is often needed on a vacation, even in vegas. luckily, the front desk was very friendly and attentive when we arrived. they allowed us to check in early which is always a plus. our place had 2 bedrooms, 2 kitchens, 2 bathrooms, 2 living rooms, 4 televisions... oh it was just amazing and CLEAN. i am a tad ocd. everything was spotless. the bathrooms came with steam showers as well as jacuzzi tub. the kitchen was filled with all the things we needed... including a dishwasher! parking was a bit difficult but hey i cant complain considering we came back past 3am everynight. the lazy pool and regular pool looked amazing but it was too cold to enjoy. the bbqs set up were a great touch for people looking to cook/grill and it always smelled so good! only real downside was the concierge always seemed to be closed/away when we had quick question!overall a 5 star. clean. quiet. friendly. nice pools.
3	Stayed here for a conference and was surprised on how nice the rooms where. We had two rooms right next to each other so were able to open the connecting door and it made the space so much larger. One room was much larger than the other one so it helped. Each room had one bedroom, one bath, living room, kitchen, and a balcony. The employees that helped us for the conference were great. Whatever we needed they got and were always laughing and smiling. Unfortunately the room we were in for the conference was skinny and long and was not perfect for the amount of people.  Also, we were told the lazy river would be open, nope!  Plus the spa says its open 24/7 and couple of the group went down and they weren't.  Maybe they need to change the signs the specify time because it is not correct.
4	We just checked out this past Saturday, and I must say the place was just BEAUTIFUL! I was so impressed! The room was enormous! With the best bathroom imaginable, jacuzzi bath tub, with a separate shower with a really hot steamer in it, HUGE television, and a really comfy bed. The resort was very nice and quite, which is just great after being out all day and evening with the loud noises & bright lights of the strip. The staff was very helpful as well, and made the time there welcoming.I don't know if the cleaning ladies were aware of some things, forgotten rags, understocked towels - but all was well since we were in a 2 bedroom.  The best service I can think of this resort has to offer is the courtesy shuttle from the resort to the New York New York, then to the Mirage, every half hour. Its the most helpful thing ever! Its a hassle in itself driving to the strip!
1	The staff is outright liars...It's located at the end of the Las Vegas Airport's runway, so forget about getting ANY peace and quiet. The walls shake every 4 minutes as each plane takes off, and there's nowhere to escape the noise...The check out is 10AM, so don't even think about going out late the night before if you want any sleep...Don't even dream of  doing an early check-in or a late check-out. They will charge you an arm and a leg for both...Ended up here after finding a 4 star "Near Strip South area Hotel" on Hotwire. It's the one without the casino. Avoid this place at all costs.
4	Was more than I ever expected. Probably because I didn't expect very much. Pros: *1550sqft for two bedroom unit. Comfortably slept 8*Clean, modern decorations, and furniture*had a fun lazy pool and large main pool*fairy close to the strip*nice common BBQ area*washer/dryer in room*jacuzzi tub*steam shower*BYOB at the pool as long as it's not in a glassCons: *parking is not bad, but not great*activities were not worth attending*no place to put trash. Was told to leave it front of my door (unsightly)*could use more cooking utensils in the kitchen*lazy pool closed at 4:30
5	I'm hesitant to leave a good review because I don't want too many people finding out about this place!This is the best place to go if you are on a budget and want to relax at a nice pool without being surrounded by douchebags.  There is no nightlife or casino here, but there is a free shuttle to the strip and/or you can take a short cab ride - it's very close.  But for relaxing by the pool while having cocktails (which you can bring your own to the pool), it's the best.
2	The staff is rude and don't seem to care.  Good luck getting in touch with the front desk through phone calls.  The kitchen was poorly stocked and the couches were old and saggy.  The tv's are small and old (like old 19 inch with a big back) and they charge an ridiculous fee for Wifi. The lady at the concierge desk was rude and sarcastic.  This resort is definitely NOT 5 star.  I would think twice about staying here.
4	this place is awesome we are owners here too. good for kids good way to save on food we just cook here. the strip is just 10 minutes away from here too. everything you need is close.
4	Love this place.I love their suites; they are spacious, newly furnished, & very clean. It is quite a way from the strip, so if you're looking for a getaway, this place is it! No casinos = no smoking. Their decor makes you feel like you're in Tahiti, especially the pool area and its surroundings.Their pools are awesome; not as big as the fancier hotels on the strip, but definitely enjoyable. They have the regular pool and lazy river. The lazy river is not directly connected to the main pool though.
4	GREAT FOR FAMILIES!  ... but I stayed here w/ a group of friends on one of our Vegas Trips.  :]Pros:- Clean, Safe, & Easy to Find- Lazy River Pool w/ waterfall (not crowded when I went - a plus!)- Large BBQ area- close to Whole Foods - Full Kitchen available w/ granite countertops- Pull out couch in living room - Spacious living room w/ TV- Large Bathroom- King size bed in the bedroom- Shuttle Service to the Strip- Noise level:  mainly on the quiet side- This might be a pro for some - there is a Denny's next doorCons:- Semi hard to find parking- Shuttle Service ends at around 10pm or 11pm- The bathroom has two entries, yet there is no divider if someone is showering & if there is another who wants to use the bathroom sink, etc.I would definitely keep this place in mind!!!
4	Awesome Family Friendly resort! This place rocks, we booked a 1 bd suite with full kitchen and it was perfect. The room is over 900 sq ft and contained everything you need when traveling with an infant, microwave, fridge and coffee maker (for mom and dad) ha! There was also a nice dining table, couch(pull out sofa) and tv in the living room. The bedroom had a huge flat screen with a dvd player too. The bathroom is Huge, with a steam shower and a soaking tub, its jack and jill style so you can access it from the kitchen or bedroom. I was very impressed that the room is super quiet and it included an outside patio (1st floor) with a dining table. I was a bit apprehensive with all the reviews I read from different sites. I was worried we would be hassled with a timeshare presentation but the only time it was mentioned was at check in and they just said give us a call if you would like a tour. Never did and never heard from them again. I have to say that this place was so nice I would consider getting into vacation ownership. The pool area is beautiful, palm trees, palapas and many lounge chairs. They also are not towel Nazi's where you have to check them in and out. We never made it around the corner to the lazy river but that is available for older kids... I knocked off a star for the following: *Not close to the strip (they do have a shuttle that runs every half hour) *The pool is not kept cold, because of the hot Vegas sun it was like warm bath water, which is not all that refreshing *No waitress service at the pool, yes there is a bar but sometimes you're lazy to walk there in the hot sun *The restaurant, I ordered a club sandwich that took a half hour and the fries were cold... glad it was only a snack and it was pricey to boot ($16)! Overall this place is great, the location is good, near the airport and close enough to the strip. We had a rental car so it was not a big deal for us. I really liked that there is no casino so we didn't have to expose our baby to smoke or drunken debauchery... Who knew you could make Vegas family friendly!
2	When I first arrived I stood in line and waited for one of the female  front desk reps to call me over. It took her about 3 or so minutes before she called me over...mind you when we walked in we caught eyes and she knew I was standing in line. So I thought...okay...first strike. Once we began the reservation services I asked if there were any rooms available facing the pool and without a second thought or even a courteousy look she sternly says, "no". Okay...not liking my vaca so far. Then she whips out a piece of paper in which I am to list all the names of the guests who will be staying in the room...including children!!! I was really irked by then!Took a deep  breath in and walked away and had to walk to the other side of the lobby to the concierge to get parking passes...okay...a little weird. As I reach out for my parking pass Im asked to step to the side to speak with a 3rd person. Im thinking...this has to be worse than aiport security. So I speak with a very nice concierge and hes basically trying to sell me a timeshare and all these other things...I JUST REALLY WANT MY KEY SO I CAN GO TO MY ROOM AND REST!FINALLY!!!!!! The gates have opened and I have decided okay...Im gonna throw everything that just happened to the wind and my family vacation is officially starting! The room was absolutely beautiful!!! The jacuzzi tub was AMAZING...except for the fact that I had to reclean it because I found someone elses hair stuck in the jet tubes...gross! After relaxing in the room we headed down to the Wiki Wiki store and received the most awkward greeting...there were 2 ladies and as we entered they didnt say hi...they just stood there and looked at us. So we went and grabbed drinks and as were grabbing them...we hear them laugh really loud...Okay...thats weird...it was my first and last time going in there. Have any of them that work at the Tahiti Village aside from security and housekeeping and lifeguards ever heard of CUSTOMER SERVICE? It makes a difference people!!!! The next day I walked in to the bathroom and a baby roach was walking across the mirror...I freaked out because I know if theres a baby roach there has to be a mother and an entire family somewhere nearby. A HUGE DOWNER! I called management several times and each time he was either in a meeting or a conference call, very disappointing especially, with the amount of money you spend to stay at what you think is a 4 star resort. After several attempts to try and reach management, the front desk directed me to housekeeping. I spoke with a spanish man and he was very willing to help me out by spraying the entire room but that meant myself and the entire family would have to leave for 3 hours. Arrrrgggghhhhh I just told him never mind because theres kids that have really bad asthma and I just didnt want the vacation to get any worse. So, now I feel I have to live with for the next few days. :(We again attempt to put our best foot forward and enjoy the sun...the lazy river was AWESOME!!! Just keep in mind that if you have small children keep a very close eye on them because there a couple of drunks in the lazy river plowing through and nearly pulling kids under the water. We shifted over to the main pool expecting to take a refreshing dip in the water but that was debunked because the water was super warm...HELLO its Vegas and it was in the high 90's and the water is warm??????? My goodness!All in all...I dont think I would ever return.
1	The free hotel shuttle to the Strip refused to let us on twice because we had a stroller (on 7/8/2011). The only reason the second driver "Hank" gave us was that "it would take too long to strap in the kids and I'm already running late." He then proceeded to let the 10 people behind us on the shuttle. He didn't care that we were already refused service by the shuttle before him. We ended up missing our show on the Strip. When we reported the incident to the transportation manager, he was apologetic, but didn't offer any ways to make up for the night. He took our number, but no one called to follow up on the incident.Unfortunately, you can't get to the Strip without a car from this hotel. We had to keep using the shuttle service even though I would rather not have to deal with their drivers.The rest of the hotel was standard. The heated pool was nice. My kids like the small sandpit at the pool. Lack of free internet access in the room was a pain. There was free wifi in the public lounge, but that was also where I saw a giant roach.Sigh... a "family-friendly" hotel that refuses service to families.
1	Don't  bother coming here if you plan see Vegas, relax or be treated well by the staff.My husbands family gave us a week at this timeshare as a wedding present. Since the moment we got here it has been 1 thing after another. To begin with their staff is rude unless of course you are an owner of the timeshare there. It is a child friendly resort being there are kids everywhere, yelling running around and in areas where they should not be in, like the 24 hour hot tub, the gyms.The gyms equipment is broken, 2/3rds of the equipment i would use daily was out of order including the sauna (the hottest it ever got was 91 degrees) Their housekeeping does not keep up with the mess the guest leaves, nothing grosser then dirty towels all over the hot tub area and over gym equipment you want to use.Our room door is messed up and you have to body slam it to open it, we have complained several times and it has not been fixed nor have they offered to move us to another room. The pool closes so early and opens so lat, I have yet to even consider using it, not that I would because at this point of am sick of having to deal with peoples unsupervised children.The restaurant here was the worse service I have had in a long while. There was 4 tables in our section, it took an hour to get our food, it was not correct, the waitress did not check on us, or refill our drinks, she gave us the wrong bill (50 dollars more then our own) and the Angus burger was so dry it tasted like a turkey burger. I could go on and on about how at every turn this place has been a disappointment, but it would take longer then I want to take. Over all I regret not selecting a timeshare on the strip itself and picking this one based on the lazy river which I have not used yet due to the times it is open and the fact they charge you for the tubes.Also the bedding looks and feels like they bought it at big lots, it is thin, cheap and coarse.
3	First time here was summer of 2011 for Electric Daisy Carnival.  We stayed here for the whole event weekend. Right off the bat, the place gave us problems. They did not have our room ready, and a big issue was that we booked were it was a big living room with 2 bedrooms, 2 baths and another small living room. Basically a suite, but this suite was suppose to have a jacuzzi also. We get there and no jacuzzi! Management was not very helpful and really made it difficult to enjoy the weekend here. But don't get me wrong, the place itself is nice and comfortable.  The rooms are very nice, the whole place is a nice setup and the pool area is awesome.  There is a spot where the edge of the pool is setup to be like the edge of the ocean, there is sand.  The lazy river bed is relaxing were you can just get a floater doughnut and just float around.  Overall, if it wasn't for the whole problem with management, I would have given this place a better review. I wouldn't mind trying this place once more, though it is like 10 minutes off the strip.
1	Well the room was OK, small bathroom counter with cheap fiberglass tub/shower. For a timeshare swap through interval, this had no real usable kitchen, just a sink, small microwave and small refrigerator.  We had hoped the the amenities and build quality would have been comparable the Westin we own at. 4 out of 5 of the BBQs would not light when I tried to use them.  Bring your own lighter!!!! They get swamped at dinner time, plan on waiting 1-2hrs before you can get your food on the BBQ.The help front desk was rude, only answered their phone occasionally.  On a few occasions, it would ring so long I gave up and hung up. They seem very apathetic and put very little emphasis on "serving" their customers. Parking was a bit of a struggle at times.Outdoors it was nice, the Lazy River pool and landscaping were very nice.  That's where it ends..... ******** Where we had a problem is that the 15 year old lifeguards at the pool did nothing about the group of INEBRIATED , belligerent - tattooed trailer trash that had 3 large coolers of beer at the poolside. Having 30+ empties at that point without ever leaving the pool, them bragging about taking another piss in the pool, cussing and taking every opportunity to pull the Tops off their Girlfriends.  It no longer became a "family friendly" environment for my kids.  When I complained, the lead guard made them put their empty cans in a trash bag, and they continued the same activities as before, just 15 feet away from a life guard.*******The management needs to get this handled.  This would never happen at any of the Starwood resorts we frequent.
2	Week of our stay, Aug 14-21 2011...We booked this place because Interval gave it the best rating possible. And by the looks of the photos, it looked nice and family friendly for Vegas...Here is where it begins:Upon arrival, it was as if we walked into a 3rd world country... It felt like we were in LIttle Tijuana... It was over run by rude, inconsiderate, loud, rowdy, raunchy, ethnic people.... The room was "ok". By "ok" meaning, it was the Moorea room for 2 adults, 2 children. The ONLY window was in the bedroom, was small, and it felt like you were in a dark cave unless you were in the bedroom. No window in the living room/kitchenette area. The size was so so. When we checked in, we were told that they did after all have rooms available with a FULL kitchen.... However, it would be $50 EXTRA PER DAY for it, as getting a room any bigger than the Moorea room through INTERVAL was unavailable and not offered.... This IRKED me beyond belief... if you are going to rent yourself to Interval for time share exchange trade, then make ALL you have available without an extra charge!!! Interval should put this on their website as well stating extra charges for bigger rooms. I would NEVER pay an extra $50 for a kitchen anywhere.... And trust me, paying an extra $50 at Tahiti Village wouldnt make your stay nicer anyway.We went down to the pool area, which if you even want to ATTEMPT to get a seat thats covered by an umbrella, you need to be down there at opening and plan to stay for the day. If you are not there at opening, then forget about sitting in a shaded chair or any place out of the sun.The pool itself was nice, the people and kids, not so nice. Kids running, jumping and diving over people, when it clearly says everywhere, NO RUNNING JUMPING OR DIVING.... and life guards who dont even pay attention to whats going on.... And all you heard was other languages being spoke. Rarely did you come in contact with anyone that spoke english.The Lazy River they have is nice. Same thing though, if you want a shaded chair. Be there when it opens...  The problem with this though was all the women who deicde they want to EXERCISE in the lazy river by walking the OPPOSITE way of the flow, causing crazy traffic jams of floating rafts and people... Then there is the shuttle bus... Since this is a family friendly resport they should have more than 2 car seats on it for traveling. Each bus only had 2, so if you werent first in line with kids, you could guarentee you might be waiting all day to hop on the shuttle... we ended up driving after that fiasco.We actually ended up doing more stuff outside of the resport because at times you didnt even feel safe around the clientele that were there. The BBQ area was always jam packed and you wouldnt want to sit there with who was down there anyway.The laundry room there only has 4 machines, so if you have a room without a washer/dryer, make sure you check the laundry area first to see if machines are available for use. People like to leave there stuff in the machines there as well. The front desk staff, not very pleasant. We called because the DVD player wasnt working in our room and the lady proceeded to ask me if I "FOLLOWED THE DIRECTIONS AND WENT TO THE MENU OPTION"... Why yes, yes I did, thats why I am calling... BECAUSE IT WASNT WORKING! Didnt appreciate being takled down on, when in actuality, when they did come to fix it, it was a wiring problem, not my inability to follow directions.Oh yeah, if you want internet access, its $12.95 a night!!!! Absolutely absurd.The only great thing at this resort was the housekeeping and maintenance staff. They were all so helpful, prompt, respectful, and nice.... Never had a problem with any of them, and they all stopped to help us.I wouldnt never go back and stay here though. Considering we are owners at Marriott Newport Beach and know what great service, clientele, and establsihments are, this was not it. Im surprised Interval gave it such a great rating. I think they should go back and go through ti again and reconsider their high rating... $50 extra a night for a ktichen, YES.... Gangster, non english speaking clientele, YES. Drunk rowdy people, YES. Cave like rooms, YES. Overcrowding, YES...  Should it be given that great rating from Interval, NO.
1	Apparently Soleil M. ways of handeling criticism is to BAN people from coming back to their establishments. Says a lot about their business ethic. Unfortunately, Yelp is here for HONEST reviewers, thats what this site is for. To let other members of the public know about YOUR particular experience at places you go to.I only stated an honest truth about our stay during our visit.  Also, when you stay there, they also ask you to fill out a "what can we do better" form. If you dont want honest opinions from your customers, then why hand out those forms?  They want private communications of your opinions, but not public viewable ones? Of course not, because they dont want the public to see HONEST reviews.Again, says a tremendous about their business ethics.I am happy to not step foot on one of your establishments again. Plenty of better companies to deal with.Thank you.
4	The service is great, Hotel/Resort attendants are helpful, nice and friendly. The Room is clean, very nicely decorated.. The Resort is very family friendly, no Casino so if you are looking for Casino to gamble than this is not the place for you. This place is really suits for a family relaxing and just chillin' time. Love the lazy River, and the big pool that you can just relax, or play water valley ball, or just lay down in the pool chair, or for the kids there is a place where they can play in the sand. Very nice.. The downside is Check in time is 4PM and check out time is 10AM. Feel like they cheated the time of staying only 18 hours. At least other Hotel will give you extra 2 hours. But they are nice enough to give you access to the pool before 4PM as long as you already register. Dennys conveniently located next to the Resorts. You can walk 1 block you will find the Outlet. and if you drive heading north toward the strip, on the left hand side you will find the TownSquare. A very nice outdoor Mall, and Restaurants.
4	Cool place off the strip.  Came here with a group for a bachelor party.  7 of us spit the room, so the cost of the suite was cheap and we seemed to have plenty of room.  Really nice and modern kitchen.Used the free shuttle a couple times, but it does not run into the late hours or typical Vegas style hours, so you will end up having to get your own ride
3	I just returned from my bachelorette party in Vegas. A group of us 6 girls shared a 2 bedroom suite (which really just ended up being two adjoining rooms w/ a door between them) for a nice long 4 day weekend. There were many things I really like about the Tahiti and a few things I could have done with out. First I would say that this place is perfect for families and older couples wanting a get away... not quite as perfect for the younger crowd (we're all in our 20's)... but the price was right and the place looked amazing so we booked the trip. I'm just going to go through our experience as a list of Pros and Cons:Pros:* Clean & spacious rooms w/ all the amenities you would need (except the washer/dryer couldn't dry our clothes and they had to be packed in our suitcases damp)* The beds were amazingly comphy and so nice to come "home" to every night after hitting the town. * The pools & pool areas are well maintained and really nice* You can BYOB to the pools as long as it's not in a glass container (HUGE plus over going to a hotel on the strip and paying $12 for cocktails at the pool)* There is a Denny's attached to the hotel... proved useful when needing late night drunk food. There are also several cheap options in walking distance (less that .25 mi) such as Outback Steakhouse, Chipotle, Mc Donalds, Panda Express ect. Cons:* Check in isn't until 4pm- I requested an early check-in... our room was ready a whopping 45 minutes early - they made NO effort to make our request a priority. Big thumbs down.* The staff proved to be pretty worthless in assisting us in the few needs that we had... it's very apparent that you're not worth much effort if they can't count on your to buy a timeshare. Be prepared for daily (at least) calls to your room inviting you down for timeshare sales pitches.* The pool closes on Saturdays at 4pm for a Tiki party that you have to pay $30 to go to as a guest of the hotel... so if you're hoping to have a nice relaxing pool day past 4pm... forget it.* The lazy river is really nice... but you have to PAY to rent the tubes... $5 charged to the room per tube... kind of lame.* The shuttle fills up everytime it pulls up to the hotel, and it will only take you to New York, New York or the Mirage.. that's it. It also stops running early in the night, so if you plan on not hitting the town till after 11 OR not coming back from the Strip until AFTER 11... you'll have to catch a cab... which can be hell at some of the hot spots (up to an 1.5 hour wait at one of the places we left) * There are NO young people at this resort... we kept joking that we were staying at the old folks home. But that part of it wasn't a big deal, we had a really nice, relaxing time... but there were no young people in sight. All in all we had a great time in Vegas, and the Tahiti Village was a nice place to retire to after each night on the strip. We saved a bundle on the HUGE suite, and saved a chunk of $ with the BYOB at the pool and the full kitchen in the room allowed us to make our own hangover breakfast instead of wasting money (and guilt) at the Denny's next door. It's a great, quiet place to relax while in Vegas, would be ideal for families & older couples... be we still managed to have a pretty awesome time there too.
3	Really closing the pool for a wedding? Really charging $10/ day for Internet? Really that many remotes for the TV? Parking not great but the rest is pretty nice.
4	Great place.Great deal. A friend and I were able to stay here for a week (Mon-Sat) for $400- total! Yes..thats it...$400-!Of course we decided to go right after labor day and everything died down and all the bratty screaming crying kids were back in school.That said..the place was still fairly crowded.They have 2 pools......well 1 pool and 1 lazy river.  I didn't get to check out the river but the pool is a nice size! I was able to get 1 day of sun (since it was raining most of the week).They have a general store with clothes and drugs (aspirin etc.) and drinks and alcohol.Nothing was really overpriced.Everyone was nice and accommodating.Right next door there is Tahiti Joe's (Restaurant/Bar) and a 24hr Dennys!Can't beat that.Our room was nice.  The bed had tons of pillows (which was great!).The bed was nice and comfortable.  Plus since Tahiti Village is mostly a time-share place, there was a small kitchen w/ a sink and refrigerator.I would definitely stay here again..its right down the street from Mandalay Bay and the famous Las Vegas sign.
3	no free internet. the air conditioning can't be turned off at night so you wake up feeling really dry! Everything else is decent.
5	My girlfriend's parents have a time share which we exchanged for a week at Tahiti Village. I was starting to get nervous from some of the reviews on here which made it sound like we were heading into a horrible place with no parking, rude staff, and walls constantly shaking from airplanes barely missing the roof. Oh and don't forget that some guests don't speak English as a first language (the horror!!!). And of course there are the conflicting reports which say that the place is either overrun by little kids running everywhere or by scowling, cane-wielding grannies.We got there a little after 2pm and were told we could check in right away to our choice of available rooms - the woman checking us in gave us a map of all the available rooms. The one overlooking the pool was a smoking room and since we're non-smokers we were a little hesitant, but she offered us a key and told us we could go up and check the room out and see if it would work. We headed up to the room (a Bora Bora room) and I was just blown away by how nice it was. Even though it was a smoking room, there wasn't really any odor so we decided to take it. The staff was all very friendly and no one even mentioned the word "time share" to us, much less tried to sell us one. Of course, that might have been partly due to the fact that we looked like we had just spent the night before in a tent with 60 mph wind flattening it against our faces while a lightning storm raged. True story. Not the target audience to sell time shares to, I guess. Our room on the 6th floor was jaw-droppingly nice and had a great view overlooking the pool.Yes, the resort is close to the airport. No, the walls do not shake. In fact, I only heard two jets from inside the room over the course of a week and our tower was closest to the airport. Of course, if you're outside you're going to hear the planes, but no more so than anywhere else within a mile or two of the airport. I rather enjoy seeing and hearing jets go overhead, but even if you loathe the sound of jets you'd probably be safe.I was expecting parking to be a nightmare, and envisioned myself fighting over 5 spaces with an angry motorcade of Cadillac-driving grandparents, but of course parking was a breeze. For 4 of the 6 nights we were there, we were able to park in the covered spaces right outside our tower. On two nights we had to park in the lot behind the resort and endure an agonizingly long walk of about 200 whole feet. The pool was very big (250,000 gallons) and there were always plenty of chairs available. The pool was a nice temperature all the times I went in and it was open until 10 at night. At 10 you could switch to the jacuzzi which was open 24 hours a day. The jacuzzi was busiest during the weeknights and pretty empty on the weekends when I suppose more exciting people than myself were out betting the family farm. There were always a few really friendly people in the jacuzzi who would start up a conversation and everyone would get to know each other a little. There were people of all ages staying during the week we were there. Of course there were lots of folks who were retired, but there were also lots of others in their 20s and 30s and a healthy number of families with kids. Yes, like a disgruntled guest said, there were languages other than English being spoken, but isn't that what makes America and especially cities like Vegas fun to visit - being able to see and meet people from every corner of the earth. The Bora Bora room was huge and the bathroom itself is bigger than some hotel rooms I've stayed in, with two sinks, a jacuzzi tub, and a fantastic shower with a seat in it so you can just sit under the hot water, turn the steam on, and bask in the warmth for a while before heading down to the pool and then into the jacuzzi and then back into the shower again. What a life. The kitchen was fabulous and well stocked with plenty of plates and cutlery. All the appliances were modern and worked as you'd expect them to. Our room had a washer/dryer combo as well, which was definitely a great thing to have, but we ended up having to string a clothesline across the room because even 4 or 5 hours in the dryer wasn't enough to dry a load of laundry. Not a big deal though, just being able to wash clothes in a hotel room is pretty rare. The bed was comfortable and despite what someone said about never getting housekeeping service during their stay, there is actually one complimentary cleaning and linen change on the 4th day. The housekeeping staff was all really friendly and cheerful and happy to give us extras of whatever we ran out of in the room. One of my only minor complaints would be that there is no free wifi. With the majority of cheap motels now offering free wifi these days, it seems pretty absurd for a very new, very large resort to charge guests for wifi. Maybe I'm not as picky about little things as some people are, but I'd go back in a heartbeat.
4	In Las Vegas, there are plenty of themed hotels & casinos all over the place, but rarely is there one that actually befits the theme so well as Tahiti Village.LOCATION: 4 starsTahiti Village is about 3 miles away from the Strip and the location is just far enough to be comfortable, but not so far away to be inconvenient. Tahiti Village is also located just across the street from the outlets, giving anyone a chance to simply walk over and shop to their heart's contentment. And because the place has no high rises to obscure the view, the sunset here is truly enchanting.DECO: 4 starsI mentioned earlier how Tahiti Village is probably one of the best themed resorts I've seen in Vegas. It's mostly because of the detail it puts in its island theme. I've stayed at hotels in Waikiki, and this place always reminds me of the rooms there.They go for a very organic feel to the place, with a color scheme of beiges, whites, and earth tones. Bamboo and wood grace the grain of the material and everything is made from this theme, including the tables in the rooms and the front desk. And because of the distance from the Strip, the rush and bustle doesn't come off in this hotel. Laid back and chill is definitely the move of the groove.POOL: 4 starsThe place has a pool with actual sand! WTF?! Yeah, it's pretty consistent with the theme of the place. And if you don't like the sand, they have another pool that is more traditional. The pool is heated so it never gets too cold. And the best thing...THE LAZY RIVER. I have been to lots of hotels in my life, but I don't think there has been anything as great as a lazy river within a hotel's pool. I love lounging on this snake path. With tubes ready for your convenience, you just plop onto one of these rings, grab a drink, and lounge around for a few hours. It is SOOOOOO relaxing.ROOMS: 4 starsThe rooms are fairly nice. Of course, they aren't plush like a Cosmopolitan or Bellagio, but they are quaint and comfortable. They continue the theme of island living with wooden furniture and cotton upholstery. The place has a kitchen (or mini, depending on what kind of room you get), walkable patio, and living room. If you get the bigger rooms, they include a jacuzzi bath tub, and steamer available in the shower. And unlike other hotels, these rooms have televisions that are more than 7 channels. It might not be much, but it's nice to see more than infomercials for the hotel you're staying at and crappy local channels. These are rooms that are very inviting after a long night in town.PRICE: N/AI'd like to give you pricing info here, but I've been lucky enough to stay here as a time share location. I will say, I always felt welcomed here, and with the amenities I experienced, I always felt like the place was worth paying higher than other off Strip hotels. It actually makes me consider partaking in time shares.CONCLUSIONBefore Tahiti Village, I never considered staying outside the Strip. I loved being able to simply walk out the hotel and go down the Strip. But after going to Tahiti Village and seeing the convenience of off Strip staying, I have to say that I'll definitely consider this place more as I return to Las Vegas.
1	Bad service. DO NOT GO THERE. I was disappointed in every way possible. Staff is rude and unwilling to help in any request. Not room cleaning is available. It was a ripoff.
5	i had one of the best vacations here! Came here with my husband for our 5th yr anniversary. It was a gift from someone to us. We enjoyed every part of it. Loved the lazy river and the 24 hour hot tub. They also have a shuttle that takes you to the strip. I cant wait to come back here on another vacation again!
3	This resort is nice.. Its very maintained and clean. The only issue I had was with front desk. I called them 2 times asking for towels. I had to use a hand towel to bathe myself :( ... I waited from 7-8:30 and no towels arrived. Also at checkout the receptionist was rude. I told her I needed a few extra minutes to get my things together and she told me if I wasnt out in 30 minutes she will have security escort me out. Kinda felt like I was a pest but I only wanted towels and a few extra minutes to get my bags down to the car. I will come back.. I really love this place. Ill just bring my own towels
3	The location, rooms, and resort amenities were almost ideal.Unfortunately the employees from the front desk to the concierge staff were obstinate, unprofessional, and downright rude.  This property has obvious management and training issues.
4	room were great but had three problems.. .one there were ants in the room, kitchen and bathrooms and the second one is that the washer dryer combo didn't work at all. The third one was that the free internet in the hotel lobby logged me out every five minutes.. The front desk was not very friendly when we checked in either. They need to have more bell carts for the guest as they only had a few. The activities center needs to have more activities for toddlers and young children. The games they had there were broken, missing pieces or outdated...I would stay there again in a different unit since the pool was amazing and the room besides the ants/laundry was great. I loved the huge kitchen and bathroom. I liked that it was off the strip and near the market and mall.
4	This is an amazing resort. Sure it's not on the strip but it's just a short drive down Las Vegas Blvd. Tahiti Village is located literally next to the South Vegas Premium Outlets (you can walk across to the stree) and almost across the new Town Center mall. The resort itself is gorgeous. All of the units look modern and are very clean. The resort also features a beautiful beach-like pool and a lazy river. Now how many resorts can you say has a lazy river? They also have bbq grills around the public areas so you can grill up your favorite meats and have a fun bbq with your friends or family.They also feature some discounted tours and shows depending on the season and their partnerships. I was able to join their Red Rock Canyon tour and it only cost $2/person!!! They also have complimentary shuttles to the strip and to Fremont street. Overall great place to stay!!
2	They DO NOT heat their pool in the winter!  Even though their web page says "Heated to over 80 degrees in the winter" we tried to use the pool today and it was a freezing 65 degrees - same as the air temp.  This was the entire reason we booked this hotel because my daughter LOVES to swim and I couldn't wait to take her to the pool.  She lasted two minutes until her lips were blue and she was shaking.  We took her up to our room and let her swim in our "heated" tiny bathtub.  The lifeguards said that since it was so cold out this week (mid to high 60's... maybe really cold for Vegas, but not so cold I think) the pool hadn't made it over 65 degrees.Also note, the pool is only open 10am - 4:30pm in the winter... but it's not heated, so for children it's not usable anyway.The rooms were clean (thus the 2 stars) but definitely minimal, no perks or anything you might be accustomed to in a nice hotel in Vegas.Also, no in-room wifi... you can connect for $10/day via an ethernet cable somewhere in the room (haven't found the outlet yet!)
1	3 days in Vegas, harassed by 16 Tahiti village people in the casinos and on the strip. Always the same line--"hey you two, when do you leave?" Stood in our way, yelled after us to come back. My husband eventually started asking them up front if it was for Tahiti village. The look on the sale-person's face was priceless every time. One even snarked back, "yeah, but I'm still a good person." Huh? Do you people really think we will EVER consider you after this?! I will be sure to warn my friends about visiting Vegas until this changes.
3	We decided to stay at tahiti village because my daughter had a dance competition and her friends were all staying there.  First off, parking is difficult here.  If you don't get lucky and find a close space, it may be best to have the bell hop take your luggage.  We didn't realize the layout of the hotel and had to walk pretty far with multiple bags of luggage.  Pretty much a pain in the butt.The rooms are spacious and clean, but unfortunately our telephone did not work in the living room and the worst part is that the television didn't work in the master bedroom.  Thus the three stars.  It was kind of an inconvenience to have no TV.The floor I stayed on had an exercise room, which was nice.  However some of the machines here didn't work either.When checking out, I let the staff know about all the broken items during our stay, however they didn't go out of their way to apologize or make any concession.  Maybe I'll give Tahiti village another try sometime in the future.  I sure if everything was working properly it would have been a much nicer stay.
5	Extremely happy with this condo. I love that it is on the outskirts of the strip but still close. I love the way they designed and decorated it. Very clean and beautiful! Love love love the 24 HR hot tub, plus they have a lazy river and pool heated to 85 degrees.
5	This resort is one of the best I have ever stayed in!
5	Great place for families with young kids.  I've stayed here 3 times through a timeshare exchange.  I've also gone to their presentations just to get tickets to Lion King.  I wouldn't recommend going on the presentations because you meet the worst kind of salespeople.  Still, the front desk offered us free tickets to two other shows which was fun for my kids.  Parking was no problem but if we couldn't find parking under the carports, there is a covered parking garage at the far end.  The garage is never crowded.  The outlet mall is across the street and the town Square shopping is a very short drive away.  This is a Vegas oasis if you are not much into gambling.
1	I noticed an extremely foul odor in my room. It smelled like something was rotten or died. I searched for source, but I couldn't find it. I ran the water in the kitchen, and bathroom, flushed the toilet and turned on the garbage disposal to see if that would flush out the stench. I also held the door open for a while to try and air it out. I called the front desk to have them send somebody up. Instead of saying "OK sir, we'll send somebody right up." they just abruptly transferred me to another number where nobody answered. Confused, I hung up and called back. I reexplained the issue, and then they assured me somebody would be on the way. 3 men came up to fix the problem, I explained to them I tried and flush the place out. His solution was to prop the door open, pour a bottle of dish soap down the drain, turn on the garbage disposal and run the water. I guess. I was hoping for a candle or some air freshener. While I'm waiting for it to air out, I go next door to where the rest of my party was staying. I would have just switched rooms, but we had a large party of people and I wanted to be close to them. After a little while, I go back to the room to check on it, and it's still pretty bad. I decided to leave the door open while we leave to go down to use the gym.While down at the gym, I go over to the front desk and tell them that their solution wasn't working. The front desk girl informs me that security found my door open to my room, and they had closed it. I tell her, Yes, I know it was open, you're people opened it because it smelled like death. I ask them what can we do. They tell me the manager is busy, and I'll need to wait until the he's is back. I tell them I'll just be in the gym if they want to reach me, and go back to working out. After about an hour of being in the gym, I go up to the same front desk lady I had just talked to about the problem earlier. I give her a look like "Hey uuummm sooooo any progress on our situation." She looks at me and  says, "Hello, how can I help you?"I awkwardly say, "Hi, um I was just up here a minute ago, I was the guy who was having the smell in his room issue. I was wondering if you maybe talked to the manager, or there's been some further progress on the situation or something." She looks at me, and says, "So, what do you want to do?"I give her a shoulder shrug and a confused look, and say "I don't know."She asks if I want to change rooms.I don't WANT to change rooms and it puts me in a different part of the hotel. But, I just wanted to fix the situation as quickly as possible. I did think it was weird that the manager never saw me, or that I didn't get an apology for my inconvenience from the front desk. Whatever, problem solved, I go back to my smelly room, grab all my luggage, and move it to my new room. The next night, was awesome. We go out partying at Hard Rock with DJ Pauly D from Jersey Shore (fist pumpin' good time!) It's a late night with large amount of drinking. It's also daylight savings and The Tahiti Village has a check out time of 10am, I'll be suffering on the drive back to L.A., but it's Vegas baby!  Suddenly, the next morning, I wake up to the sound of the house keeping knocking on my door, I look at the clock it says 7:30am. I yell to the door, "SLEEPING!"  A few minutes later, they try calling me. I just ignore it. Another few minutes later, I hear them open the door, then realizing there's somebody in there, they close the door. At this point I've had it. Out of my mind with anger, I call the front desk screaming obscenities about the cleaning crew waking me up. The front desk woman gets defensive and tells me not to talk to her like that. Somehow, I calm down and tell her I'm not cursing at her, but that I'm upset with the situation. I explain that that we were out all night partying, that the cleaning crew has waken me up several times and that I have to drive back to L.A. after a late night. She tells me, yes, the cleaning crew isn't supposed to be coming into my room until 10am, and that it's unacceptable. She says I can have an extended checkout at 11am instead of 10. Gee thanks! Maybe they'll comp me a free lunch after I paralyze myself in a crash from falling asleep on the road. I dose off for a bit. A few minutes later, I hear somebody open the door, and then close it again. Another few minutes goes by, and the same thing happens. This is insane, even after I've called and screamed, they're still doing it! I avoid checking out of the hotel because I was so angry. I didn't want a confrontation, I just wanted to leave and get back to L.A. Luckily I didn't have to drive because we had enough people to cover the driving, but the whole ride home was miserable. Exhausted and hungover, sitting in traffic for hours and hours is terrible.
4	When we first purchased our timeshare, we were not very happy with our expenditure. The facility has always been first class, but candidly, the service was awful! Now however, there has been a distinct improvement in service. The amount of services available has decreased, but the quality of services remaining has improved and the reliability has improved.The rooms are quite comfortable and spacious, and the pools and grounds are very accommodating. You can hardly complain!The parking is a pain, but again, what can you do. At least they have a parking garage. The bellman service is almost useless, and they won't let you use their carts. But other than that, everything else is on par with, or better than, a nice hotel chain.We like it pretty well, and I tend to be pretty picky about where we stay as I get older!
2	This is my second review of Tahiti Village and my fourth stay.  I was disappointed with the late availability of our room.  After checking in at 4:30, I was told my room wasn't ready yet.  In fact, many others also had to wait for their room to be ready and it was Monday which is usually not a busy day for Vegas.  We finally got in our room at 5:30pm.  When we got to our room, there were missing remote controls, the dryer door would not close and we called three times to get Housekeeping to deliver a crib.   My kids participated in two activities and the guy who was facilitating was awful.  He definitely should not be working around kids.  He got frustrated and started talking back to the parents.  What a jerk.  Also, some unexplained charges for Internet and movies showed up on our bill.  We got it taken care of but it was a hassle.  I was on hold for over an hour on the phone with the front desk.  On another occasion, one of the employees who was on break was sitting by the gate and acted like he could care less that we had tons of bags with us and needed to get in the gate with a little help.  In fact, most employees were apathetic and unhelpful.  I'm not sure if we will stay here again.  The only good side is that the activities on site are now free for those who exchange with Interval.
2	If you have young children, don't want to be close to the Strip, and are looking for a Tiki-Room vibe, then this is the place for you. Stayed for a quick getaway with my 15 year-old daughter. Had a Moorea room (smallest). Room was about 20 minutes late so we scoped out the place. Music around the pool areas was incredibly loud, felt like I was at a swingers resort and not a family-friendly place. Amount of Security is off-putting; they search your bags to make sure you aren't bringing in food or drinks. Also didn't appreciate the comment I overheard from a security guard complaining about some of the "rude assholes". Grounds were very nice, well-maintained. The room was not too shabby but the two t.v.s were small! It's 2012 people, get some flat screens in there! And no free movie channels? Come on! Luckily I have a wifi card so I didn't have to buy their internet. Bathroom needed updating as well, but the water pressure in the shower was perfect. My cell phone kept de-activating the room key so that was annoying. We took advantage of the free shuttle to the Strip. Yes, parking in the garage is a pain, but at the right time of day, if you circle the lot a couple times, you'll inevitably find a slot closer to your room. Would I stay here again? No, but if we stayed here 10 years earlier, this would probably be a good choice.
3	Rooms + kitchen were nice, Lazy River was awesome, but was not pleased with front desk/service attendees (except for the bellhops, they did great!). Did not leave feeling accommodated as a guest, uhhh what?! 10am check-out? Seriously? For what it is, I think there could be some improvements made: upholstery cleaning on the couches, furniture update in the rooms, heated water in the big main pool (it was freezing when we went in), oh and really? you're not going to give us a sponge in that fully equipped kitchen? BUT i must say, the concierge lady hooked us up! She intro'd us to a club promoter who got us in VIP @ the Palms & XS/Tryst @ the Wynn, so that was the big trade-off. I MIGHT stay here again in the future, but i'd much rather stay at the WorldMark timeshare not too far away, which has exceeded my expectations in the past ;)
5	Another great vacation in 2014.  Can't say enough nice things about our experience. Great staff. Great Pool. Terrific lazy river.  New deli in the lobby for the early risers in our group. We have once again enjoyed a great family vacation here.  We're simple people, here to enjoy the pool (sandy beach, long laps, or water volleyball?) the great BBQ area (immaculate!) and everyone's favorite Lazy River!  Why is it that we never get tired of shoving each other under the waterfall or into the flow from the giant water jugs?  If you're looking for the Ritz, you won't be wowed by the simple furnishings.  If you're looking for a wild party, stay at the Hard Rock.  But, if you just want to enjoy a real kitchen, a comfortable bed (even the pull out was not bad), a wonderful steam shower, and some nice views from the lanai (even the west facing view over the parking lot was not all that bad), then this is the place.We will stay here again and again.  We will also promise to be at the lobby early for the uptown shuttles, as they fill up fast and wait for no man!I wish I could post photos here.  Every one had fun, no matter their age.
4	Family trip with the kids in tow and I have to say, this place is a real gem. The 1 bedroom suite was plenty spacious enough for the four of us. All of us loved the pool with the sandy play beach and lazy river and having the Denny's in the parking lot and Whole Foods 5 min away was extraordinarily convenient. Parking was a bit of a challenge when you came home late at night, but they do offer free shuttles to the strip if you don't feel like driving.
3	This is my 2nd review of Tahiti Village- I gave it 1 star the first time but it magically disappeared- .. I complained about the flea bites my daughter in law and grand daughter got and had trouble getting another room and talking to the management-Things were resolved very nicely and professionally the 2nd day we were there- Went to edit and change my review, and I would have upgraded to 4 stars because other than the flea problem, we were very happy with the rooms, swimming pools.Just wondering where my 1 star review went- Just stated the facts with no embellishments or inappropriate language as stated in the guidelines.
4	Stayed with family (2 kids) and we loved it, The Morea unit is good enough for a family of four. The kitchenet is nice and the beds are comfortable. The bathroom had a very weak or non-existant exhaust fan and that took away a star.The DVD player was not usefull as the TV remote did not allow switching sources. The kids had a blast in the swimming pool and lazy river. Spent a good three hours just swimming and playing in lazy river. The pool and lazy river gets occupied fast and it is difficult to get loungers by mid morning. The shuttle to the strip was very handy and we avoided having to drive in the crazy strip area. The shuttle drops at NYNY and TI. We reached on time to watch the TI show and walked back towards NYNY enjoying the various points of the strip. Parking is not too bad. The covered stalls fill-up fast, but there is plenty of open parking.
3	Great for families! Rooms are nice enough, they offer full kitchens or kitchenettes. You truly cannot beat the 2 pool areas and they both provide family friendly environment that you often do not find at the strip hotel pools. It is very nice to have the Denny's right next door as eating in Vegas with kids can get expensive. My biggest complaint is the past time we went we were not allowed to take ANY food/drink into the pool area. EVEN WATER!!!!
2	Attended a week long family reunion here for remembrance of my father who passed away.  Our plans were to enjoy the pool and lazy river, share meals in our room, and split up at times to pursue local and far away attractions as smaller groups. For the most part the place is OK, and I'll try to be concise, but please read on for a summary of safety concerns/risk management.PROS- service staff friendly and accommodating- pool and grounds pleasant and charming (in a cheesy but cool way)- clean- onsite Denny's convenient for quick meals- communal bbq area well set up (if you don't mind communal)- evening poolside movie for families was neatMIXED FEELINGS- scantily clad "hotties" serving drinks poolside, I mean, it's Vegas and all, but a bit more than I'd say "OK" to with kids around- poolside music pretty loud over the weekend (plugging ears on that side of lazy river every time we passed by), was much more pleasant and low-key mid weekCONS- No WIFI in rooms, had to go to 10th floor "lounge" for internet access, and was booted out one evening due to "private engagement" set up while I was uploading pictures. I understand the need to generate funds, but the limited amount of internet access should be available at all times...or...why not in-room like other places?- Mora room definitely cave-like and pull out bed really only good for kids due to limited privacy.  OK for quick weekend stays, but wouldn't want to spend a week+ in there again.- Kids in pool very rowdy and not reeled in by lifeguards or staff. One 14 yr-old-ish bully kept whacking the water on the surface with a flotation noodle in order to intimidate younger kids around him.  Many kids, including my 7 yr old daughter, were terrified.  Worse, this prompted other kids to start doing the same.  While not more horrible than the classic towel snap, I considered it a safety issue since it was so close to kids faces, and since I do not condone bullying.  This got so carried away that myself and several other folks and kids got out of the pool.  I mean, where's the parents, but also, where the lifeguards?  I held out as long as I could assuming someone would say something, but no one did.  The lifeguards sat around apathetic to the cause.- My biggest beef: My 76 yr old mom had an accident while exiting the pool and opened up a 3" long, deep laceration in her shin (to the bone). Due to her age and health issues, this was a serious injury. I (extensively trained in first aid) provided initial assessment and stabilization of my mom and the scene, then called the lifeguard, who blew a whistle in the direction of the towel shack.  A girl came over, and i explained the situation and asked her what their protocol was in this accident situation.  She gave me a dumb look, shrugged her shoulders, and I said "Hey, we're tourists here, I don't know where the medical facilities are, and she clearly needs stitches".  She disappeared.  At this point, security came over and started asking simple questions and tried to talk us out of calling 911 saying "she doesn't need stitches".  At this point I instructed my sister to call 911.  With no other resort staff presence or response, I provided continued first aid on my mom to control bleeding and comfort my mom until the EMT's showed up. Eventually, staff showed up with a bag of ice, and a 4" sterile dressing.  Like, what am i supposed to do with this?....she has an open and deep laceration, so ice is useless, and with no bandage material, so is a dressing. Luckily, the EMTs promptly showed up, and I turned my mom over to them.  the only other staff response was the same dumb girl came back with gloves on for the bio-hazards materials, and the security guy asked for our names and a "statement". The good side of the story is my mom required 20 stitches but is fine.  The bad side of the story is that i feel Tahiti Village showed no organised incident response procedures, no basic first aid abilities, and a strong desire to cover their own asses by down-playing my mom's situation and asking for "statements" in the heat of the moment.  Coupled with my other poolside safety concerns here, along with full access to liquor at the pool, leads me to have strong concerns over risk management and incident response at this resort.  Use extreme caution and judgement on pool/lazy river use, because you are apparently on your own if something comes up.  What if i didn't have first aid skills (which includes accident assessment and action plan components)? What if we didn't call 911?  We even asked where the local hospital was and they had no answer for me!While Tahiti Village was an OK place otherwise, and would have gotten 3 stars from me, the lack of incident managements plans and training leaves me with a sour taste of what's likely a small window into the much bigger picture of this resort in general. Use with caution.
1	Ate dinner at the Tahiti Village Restaurant last Wednesday evening. The waitress was very attentive, this review is about the food and only the food.  It was terrible.  If you compare what was described on the menu to what was brought to the table it was defiantly false advertising.  My husbands Seared Ahi was cooked through.  The next day he was sick (I will spare you the details).  The Coconut shrimp was tough.  The salad with watermelon was the only thing that saved the meal.  I asked the waitress to take the Ahi off the bill and she did so with no argument and agreed that the Ahi was definitely not what was described on the menu.  You should really think twice before going here for dinner.  The food that was being cooked on the grills (by the guests) was probably 10 times better, but we didn't get invited to share their food.  It sure did smell good!
4	While at one of my favorite places of refuge when I work in Las Vegas - Whole Foods in Town Square - it occurred to me that maybe there was a hotel nearby.  The Riviera was all the way on the other end of The Strip, and I hated it.  So why not stay where I like to hang?  So I Google, and found this gem.The lobby was big and inviting, there were palm trees everywhere, and I thought I'd stepped into a hotel on an outer island of Hawai`i.  (It could have been the heat, too, though).I ended up getting a "Moorea" (580 sq ft) for 77 bucks, tax not included.  That got me a Living Room, Kitchenette (right in the Living area, and there's a small granite-top bar with bar stools, plus actual counter space for food prep), 1 Bathroom, and a separate Bedroom.  It was a quiet week, so your actual price may vary.Here's what else I got:*half-size refrigerator/freezer (bigger than those beat-up little boxes they give you when you request one at Mandalay Bay), microwave, *coffee maker (a real, 12-cup Cuisinart, not the bathroom kind)*Hamilton Beach blender*a toaster*a big sink*a pantry*full set of plates, cups, knives, etc.*paper towels (!)*dish soap, rag, scrubberThe whole place, and my room, was very clean, and the staff was generally pretty nice and helpful.There's a BBQ area with 5 professional type grills where you can just bring stuff, cook and eat at tables and shades provided, and it's actually nice, not gross.The Pool area is open til 10pm, and the 2 jacuzzis are open 24/7.  There are actually 2 pools, one "lazy river" (for kids), volleyball net, and one entrance has a small beach (with real sand).   They show movies in the Pool Area sometimes, so you can eat, or play in the pool and watch Star Wars.  And there's a luau every Saturday!  A nice feature for me was the great, old style Hawaii 5-0 type bar/restaurant called Tahiti Joe's.  (For you Hawaii residents, I accidentally referred to it as "Tahitian Lanai" a few times, because it sorta reminded me of that venerable institution).  The food is actually quite good, not just "good bar food".  I had some great Korean BBQ ribs, Chicken Katsu, and actual Poke.  The adjacent bar has 2 slot machines, some of those electronic blackjack stations in the bar, a couple of TVs where I got to see replays of Matt Cain's "Perfect Game" and that's about it.  It's like my local in Kailua.  Great vibe.  There's also a Denny's next door if you must have that.  There is also a very good, well-stocked convenience store, not 24-hour, though.It's a 2-minute walk to the Las Vegas Outlet Center, and a 15 minute walk to Town Square (Whole Foods, Fry's, Apple, etc.).  Although when it's 103, a 15-minute walk is no picnic.  There is a shuttle that takes you to New York, New York.  I don't care at all about the Strip anymore, anyway.Oh, and on-premise laundry!I was in Tower 5, away from the pool.  Not much view or natural light, but the lighting was well done (as was most of the other fixtures), so it was fine, and really quiet.  Some of the other rooms overlooked the pool, so that could be a bit noisy for some people.  Not nearly as bad as Hard Rock, though, and the whole atmosphere is completely different anyway, not gross and stupid like Rehab.  Way more family-oriented here.The only minor drawbacks for some people might be:* No WiFi in the room.  There is free WiFi in some of the lobbies and other areas however.  In the room, you have to go on a cable, that they provide.  However, the one they give you is only 6 ft or so.  You may want to have your own 15-footer, WITH a Cat-5 coupler (or female-to-female adaptor), since the provided cable is not detachable.  It's $9.95 per day (as of this writing), but it worked, and it was actual High Speed.  It conked out once, but it was a simple matter to just reboot the box, and the maintenance guy came pretty quickly.* It's not really set up to be a "business" hotel, so downstairs all they have is a printer with two terminals, but nobody seemed to know if I could bring my laptop or a thumb drive down to print stuff out.  The staff was very nice, but puzzled by my request.  But I was able to email my docs to Perla in the office (her idea), and was able to print everything I needed.  Also, there is no fax machine in the "Business Office", but they do have one in the back offices of the front desk area.  It was easy enough to ask them to fax stuff, and they did it free of charge, as they did the printing.* My room had no actual "desk", as in most regular hotel rooms.  So if you're some manager or accountant working on the road, and persnickety, you may be slightly annoyed.  But the whole package is so nice, that if you really do get that annoyed, you have much bigger problems than not having a desk.So, a ridiculously nice place, very well-executed, with a helpful and conscientious staff, for a really good price!Time for me to head back to TJ's and talk to Jay the bartender, stock up on some ribs while I'm at it.
1	Worst place I have ever stayed by far! The customer service was absolutely terrible! First of all The room was a dump, i payed more to stay here then I would have at MGM or the palms...the showers had no hot water, nothing to even keep the water inside the shower so it flooded every single time! We asked them to call a cab and there response was, wait outside for 10 mins if one doesn't pull up we will call!! Then we asked for 2 wake up calls for the morning apparently that isn't allowed they YELLED! Then the night before check out we asked for another one at 955 and they yelled again saying if we weren't out of tere by 10 am they were charging us for a late checkout! They were the rudest people I have ever met...they must not want returning customers! Whatever you don't book here..go to a much nicer hotel for cheaper!!
4	My family and I had an Amazing time. We loved the full kitchen. It saved us lots of $$$. The Lazy river was a hit(not to mention, pool side service) Everyone loved it. My 3 year old twins loved the beach area. My teens loved the Outlets next door. We can't wait to go back...
3	My family and I recently stayed here from 7/10-7/13. Keep in mind that I've been to Las Vegas plenty of times this past year. This place is very different from the popular hotels on the strip. Tahiti Village is off the strip and family-friendly resort.We booked the Royal Tahitian Suite, which has 2 bedrooms and 2 living areas. It also has 2 kitchen areas. The main kitchen area is in the large living room. A smaller kitchen area is in the second living room. The suite has 2 pullout beds in addition to the 2 beds in the bedrooms. The kitchen is fully equipped with plates, utensils, pots & pans. Although it's a nice family resort, I do have some complaints. First, the sauna in the master bedroom bathroom wasn't working. When I called the front desk, they were helpful enough to bring someone up to our room. However, the repair guy wasn't able to fix it because they didn't have the proper tools in the resort. Second, each room has its own TV, but the TV in the smaller living area was very hard to work. The buttons on the TV didn't work and when I used the remote, I was only able to use the arrows to change the channels not the numbers itself. Third, the pool was very nice at night, but once you hop in, it turned into a sand pool. A certain area of the pool was re-created to look like a beach. There was sand right by the pool, so the water would wash it away and the sand would end up on the bottom of the pool. As I was in the swimming pool, I felt sand on the ground which was disgusting.Overall, nice hotel, but need improvements
5	I've been coming here to Tahiti Village (TV) for several years. I bought a timeshare on one trip because I was happy with my previous trips. The first unit bought was the 580' sq ft Moorea. We so enjoyed it that we purchased the upgrade a following year. The Bora Bora is a 970' sq ft room with lots of amenities that makes our stay in Vegas much more economical and enjoyable.We hear all the time that a person shouldn't buy timeshares etc., but in our case it works and we're glad we did. There is no way we could get a room with a hot tube, shower/steamer and a full kitchen on what we pay for our maintenance fees. The 18 BBQ/Grilling pits are a huge bonus. Try doing that at Luxor or The Trop! My guess is, there will always be people who may have an issue or a concern, but for myself I'm happy with TV. I encourage people to either exchange a week or rent a room and see for yourself. If you have a great time or an oops moment then yelp about it. I would be interested in other people's views since I have a vested interest in TV. Good luck and happy vacationing.
4	Great resort for families. All the excitement of Vegas, without the casino.
4	Must Visit Spot b4 leaving Vegas...lazy river & pool were definetely the highlights of the trip! (: river was so relaxing & we got 2 play a game of volley ball in the pool with other visitors.every1 ws having a great time..pool side bars sold beer & mixd drinks that u can drink while in the water & torch fires & big screen movie come on at night arnd 8pm (: pool closes at 10pm.
3	I stayed at the Tahiti Village as a regular hotel guest.  We stayed at the Moorea suite which I found to be quite non-functional.  It doesn't have a table or a desk, making hard both to eat a meal with your family or use your laptop.  The single sink has barely any counter space around it, so there is no room for all your toiletries.  And the design of the room with a single window in the bedroom and none in the living room, makes for a very dark suite.  Cheeful it was not.On the plus side, the pools are great (if you have children).  They are both very chyild friendly, heated (the pool too much) and with free toys (noodles in the pool, tubes in the lazy river).  There are lots of kids, few drunken twenty-somethings and lots of space for fun.We're staying now at the Signature suites at the MGM, and I feel this is a better value. Our suite is smaller, but so much nicer and well designed!!  I think from now on we'll just stay at the Signature.
2	Orbitz said this place was 4 STARS. No way is this rated 4 stars. I was really dissapointed but I should of known better when I seen how cheap this place cost. It should have been a red flag when I called and was on hold for like 10 minutes just to ask about pool hours or when their own website doesn't even have pictures of their resort. Anyhow, the staff was very nice, no complaints but here are the cons: 1) The exterior parking is ghetto, you have to go up a curb to park. 2) My room safe didn't work, 3) Bathroom facet dripped, 4) Shower door kept going off the rail, 4) One of the 2 bathroom doors didn't lock, 5) No daily room service. This place sucked.
4	Honestly, my wife and I didn't know what to expect when we booked a 3 night stay at Tahiti Village. I knew that we liked the whole tiki theme and that since it was August, we wanted to stay at a place with a nice pool. My biggest concern was that it's advertised as family friendly and I didn't want to wallow through thousands of diaper wearing screaming children covered in zinc oxide. While there were lots of kids at the pool, it was spacious enough that it totally wasn't an issue and I managed to find some kid-free seats on all the days we stayed there. The pool has a bar with reasonable prices and you can get a large pizza delivered from the restaurant to the pool for 12 dollars. I saw some negative reviews on yelp and I'd like to address some of their issues.This place is not for everyone and if you want to be ridiculously pampered or stay in a  room filled with unicorns and golden toilets, I wouldn't recommend this place.There's no daily maid service, but don't be a disgusting slob, and its not an issue. The check in and check out times are kind of weird, but you'll know this ahead of time, and you can work around it. The staff, was really nice, and for the most part accommodating. As an example, our last night there, we saw our friend's band play, and stayed out way later than we had planned. I called the hotel at about midnight and asked if we could have a later check out time and they gave us one free of charge. A couple FYI's, while there's limited gambling here, you're a short cab ride from two pretty good casinos. I should also mention that you will have to get up early to reserve a pool spot with shade. Easy way around this, get up at 8, and claim a lounger. There's no outside food or drink allowed at the pool, so don't show up with your ice chest and fishing pole. For the money, this place is a great bargain, and I already know that my wife and I will return here.
1	I checked in with my children on Saturday, August 11, and got our room and mind you, my children were ecstatic to be spending the weekend here with the rest of the wedding party. We left room in the early afternoon and got ready, and went to the wedding, which was at another location.  My husband was the best man.  This was suppose to be a fun-filled weekend.  After the wedding, my husband and I planned to hang out with friends/wedding party, so we sent our kids (12 & 4) with an aunt back to the room.  As my aunt and my children get to back to the room, exhausted as it's clear past midnight, they were greeted with someone else in the room and the keys no longer worked.  OK, so what happened to our belongings????  Wait is that even legal to go into a room that has been check in??? It's not time for a cleaning?  Well it is ABSOLUTELY ILLEGAL AND UNETHICAL.  So it appears, some staff member, put us into another room without our knowledge and took our belongings and watched it.  WTF!!! It's passed midnight and I got a daughter on the phone frantic because she has no idea what happened.  My husband and I now have to leave after party to settle this CHAOS!!! MOD on duty says, we have another room, she has no idea what happened, we can deal with it in the morning when another supervisor is present! NO WAY!!! We storm into the front desk, of course, irritable as anyone can imagine.  The securities, the MOD, and no one professional enough to assist us in understanding what may have happened, and instead they call METRO, are you kidding.  Ha, Metro, understands where we were coming from, there is no need to get cops involved, wasting tax-payers $. Handle your business accordingly, otherwise, hire people that are able to.Will never ever step foot on this property again!!! No class! Thanks for RUINING a weekend for my family, the newlyweds, and the many people we affected.
4	i have a time share, so was able to swap  time and stay basically "for free" in Las Vegas.   Tahiti Village is a nice time share resort for the area - its not in the mega hotel casino area, but slightly south of the airport on Las Vegas Blvd (which is same road as The Strip).  The condo is within walking distance of the airport rental car center.   We have stayed here 3 times now - 2 in the winter; once in the summer, and have plans in place to return in a few months.The rooms are large - we stayed in a one bedroom condo with comfortable king bed; large living room; nice kitchen area (even if you dine out for dinner; its great for breakfast.).We usually get a first floor room suite so we have a nice outdoor patio as well; if you are not on the first floor; there are balconies.The jacuzzi spa is big - and it is open 24 hours.   Their swimming pools are open during 8-10 (in the winter we find the hours are a bit shorter  usually just during daylight hours which is fine as winter time brings cold nights in Las Vegas area) - and one is huge (it does have a sandy beach for part of the pool area - its a fun place for all.0) The second pool is a  lazy river area which is fun to ride the inner tubes; .   Great place to enjoy - and unlike some of the party pools in the casinos, you can actually do some swimming. Yeah!There are two restaurants on site.  One is a Denny's (so good for breakfast or a late night dinner when you've been partying/gambling all day and just want something to eat before retiring.  They also have Tahiti Joes - sort of a throw back in time but reasonable drinks and sometimes they have owner/time share parties there.   You can also buy sandwiches in their small store/market in the lobby area.There is also a work out gym - small, but useful....(however with the amount of walking in Las Vegas, alas, not always visited.)  They also offer spa services (but have not used them maybe next time.)  There is also a huge barbecue area - with tables, etc.   So its nice to enjoy an outdoor meal.Now back to the rooms - We love their showers as its a romantic luxurious steam shower - warm, pleasurable, calling your name - again and again.....Oh, just thinking of that makes me want to go back.Rooms do have washer -dryers (they take a little bit longer than the ones at home so generally throw the stuff in when we go out and then put in the dryer when we return).Those who say parking is a "ghetto" just have never parked there.  There is a huge parking garage (multi-level) which is much easier to park in then any of the casino garages.  They do allow for parking closer to the rooms (and yes, some of them are on a level unpaved area).  Peoople love these spots as they are a bit closer to the rooms. If you do not have a car, they also have shuttle service.They offer activities including tours to Red Rock Canyon and Grand Canyon if you want to take advantage of such activities they are there.  The service is ok - not the best, not the worst.   Also if you are into shopping, its less than a 5 minute walk to the South Premium Outlet Shopping Area (shop till you drop - and close enough to put your feet up after enjoying your shopping adventure.)No - this is not the place to go if you want mega slot machines 1 minute from your room.  It is not the place if you must have the hordes of people on the strip.  Its close enough - but it has a resort type atmosphere versus a smoked filled 24 hour party attitude of some of the casinos.  No show rooms here; but TVS in both your living room and bedroom work just great.All in all a good place to stay - note:  I have not given it 5 stars as I have stayed in some stellar time shares at such places as lake Tahoe and Branson; they are Marriots.  Its not that good; but for Las Vegas its a great place to stay if you want a condo....Its also a good place to stay for families.
1	Regrettable stay. Came here on business because the price met my per diem. I should have paid more out of pocket and stayed elsewhere. That said, probably a good place for families w/ kids, as they were omnipresent.PROS: hmmm. . . well, I will say I had a quiet room.CONS: no Internet in the rooms; both TV remotes were inop; bathtub/shower was dirty, and the buildup of junk in the drain had the water up to my ankles after 5 mins in the showerAgain, if I was here as a family w/ young kids, this place might be tolerable. I was not. Poor choice on my behalf. Oh well . . . Cheers!RS
4	Our first time staying at the Tahiti Village!  There were 45 in our party and we were all able to stay on the same floor.  The rooms were amazing, the staff helpful and friendly.  One of the best times I've ever had in Vegas.  I have just two complaints:  While we were sitting in the Jacuzzi someone started bitching and complaining about us making "too much noise" so security basically broke out party up.  We were just laughing and talking.  I mean, COME ON!  We're in freakin VEGAS!  People should have stayed home if they wanted to sleep.My second complaint....having to check out at 10AM.....that just sucks.Other than that...I loved the place and cannot wait to stay there again next year!
2	We were able to book a decent-priced room for a short trip through hotels.com. The two stars are for the decent and clean one bedroom suite (houses 4). The TV is outdated and we did not understand the point of the boombox radio and keyboard. The walls were also thin to where we could hear conversations in both rooms adjacent to us, even the one not joined to our suite. Upon check in, we were asked to pay a $10 resort fee for each night we were staying. Not bad compared to what other places arecharging but without dollies accessible for guests not using bellboy services, lazy river being closed for maintenance AND no free high speed internet throughout the resort, not sure what exactly the fee is for. The main pool was always too crowded for us to use eventhough we stayed during the week, not weekend. We would have felt much better if the resort fees were charged up front during booking. I feel this is a scam many hotels/resorts use to get people to book rooms and then have no choice to pay the fee upon arrival. Another issue we could not comprehend is why vendors were allowed to slide menus under or door yet when we ordered delivery, the front desk makes us.walk all the way from our tower to retrieve the food in the main lobby. What if the guests are handicapped? Talk about inconvenient! We are glad we did not purchase a timeshare here when we attended the presentation a few years ago.
2	The resort is a very beautiful comfirtable place to stay off the strip of las Vegas but not too far if you want to go have fun. Our suite was very nice one bedroom with a cute kitchen area. I give thumbs up to the actual room, it's was very nice. But thumbs down to the service. Their rule for you getting your room is 12pm to 4pm, so there's a chance u will wait 4 hrs for your room when u check in. After waiting 2 hrs of sitting around and walking around the whole resort, and having lunch next door. We were exhausted, after complaining about how tired we were the front desk people kept giving us the same excuse. Short staff for house keeping and there was no rooms available, even though we made reservations months ahead. After wanted to speak to a manager, there was a gentlemen named Vernon that was actual nice enough to talk to us. Without tryin to roll his eyes at us. He made us feel much better, and actual found us a room. We were so excited, that we finally get to put our luggage away and relax. I called the front desk the following night for more towels. After 15 minutes of waiting and no one answering, I gave up. The following morning, we ran into house keeping in the hallway, I asked her if I can have some towels for our room. She promptly said no to us. We just started taking towels from those carts after that when they weren't looking. We also called front desk again for toilet paper, same problem....and house keeping denied us once again. Let's just say we had to help ourselves to the little things we needed for the room. Front desk never picks up and the only people that were nice was Vernon and the workers at the concierge desk.
2	The good: The hotel, pool and facilities were very nice and clean. The room was comfortable and the kitchenette was a nice to have feature. The lazy river area was fun and provided shade as well as sun.The bad: The web site touted "free WiFi" This was technically true, just not in the rooms. You had to go to the lobby or the "Lounge" (a room on the 10th floor with some chairs and only two power outlets and nothing else) to get access. This was a problem because I needed to work a day while on vacation. You can get a USB cable and in-room wired access for $10 per day.The room was not fully stocked--as in no sheets or blankets for the fold-out sleeper sofa and no coffee maker. Only four towels, which wouldn't be a problem necessarily exect there was also no maid service unless you wanted to pay $35 per day extra. Seriously.The staff was just barely polite enough not to be outright rude. Most inquiries were met with one-word responses. Example: Is there a place to get coffee here? "Denny's". Um, any place on the property where I can get coffee? "No". Is there supposed to be a coffee maker in the room? "Yes". Oh, ok, well our room doesn't have one. "OK". Umm...can we get one? "Yes". Ooookay....can we have one sent to the room? "I'll see what I can do"Our key cards also worked for only one day. Each day of our stay we were locked out because our cards were deactivated. The desk person told us it was because we kept the cards too close to our cell phones, but I'm not buying it. We had four cards and all four failed every day at the same time.Lastly, we were not allowed to bring in any outside food or beverages to the pool. You are required to purchase everything from the poolside bar. They even had a security guard check you as you entered to see if you were smuggling something in.
4	I'm kind of struggling with the rating because we did have a nice time here, but not having internet in the room was incredibly bothersome because this was a partial working vacation. I almost gave it 3 stars because of that, but ultimately we had a nice time. Check-in was quick and easy and the size of the room was great because it felt like a little apartment. I love having a kitchenette when we travel because I don't want to eat out every single meal. We didn't have any TV issues, the room was clean, everything worked fine. The pool is great, so is the lazy river. We made the mistake of going in August, so it was almost unbearable to be outside...needless to say we spent most of our time at the pool at night. The only other annoying thing is there isn't a ton of parking, so there were a few times we drove around for a bit looking for a spot.
5	love this place
3	This is my first time staying at a timeshare, and as such, more seasoned vacationers may not find this review as informative. I had low expectations, as one of my old schoolmates rated this place 1 star. When I first think of timeshare, I think of condos; turns out this is more along the lines of a hotel or extended stay. I also have no idea what the costs are for staying here. I guess I could ask, but I'm too lazy.Our family was able to stay at my uncle's timeshare for a week, which was a combination of two suites that could be interconnected to each other, the Royal Tahitian and the Moorea (http://www.tahitivillage.com/Tahiti-Village-Room-Floorplans.aspx). Both suites could accommodate 4 people each (if not more) with a fold-out sofa. Kitchenette area with a fridge (small in Moorea, regular in Royal Tahitian). Two televisions in each suite (living room and bedroom), with the usual wonky television menu system as any other hotel.The differences in room sizes is 2:1. The Royal Tahitian also adds features such as a washer/dryer, a steam shower, a personal jacuzzi... Quite nice.Parking wasn't much of a problem. There are a few that are next to the hotel rooms, but there is also a parking garage in the back.There is a large lagoon pool, a lazy river, and a jacuzzi. All are shallow all around, going no deeper than 4 feet, so no diving. And lots of lifeguards on duty. The lazy river is really nice, shaped like a 4 leaf clover, constantly flowing in a clockwise motion as you drift in their circular tubes, or swim the opposite way for a nice workout. Too bad they close the earliest, around 6pm. The community pool has a small beach section, great for the kids. Stays open til 8pm. The hot tub is 24 hours. Take advantage of this. :-)Located on Las Vegas Blvd, south of the Strip and Las Vegas sign. Head south and you can hit Silverton, South Point, and M. Next door is an outlet mall and 2 Dunkin Donut locations!No free wifi in the rooms, but there are a few hot spots available if you get the password from the front desk. One is in the main lobby, another is in the Denny's/Tahiti Joe's, and the last one is in Tower 5 10th floor lobby (though I could manage wifi from the first floor... well, kinda). I didn't even realize they had wifi areas til the end of my stay, and had gone to some located by the outlets (McDonald's, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, IHOP, FedEx...).There's a 24 hr access workout area, which is somewhat decent. One of the cycles weren't working, and I couldn't get the heart rate meters to work. Two televisions in there to keep you from getting bored, and a unisex restroom.There are a few BBQ areas outside, so go bring on your steaks! I saw 2 supermarkets just south of here.Oh, I have to say that they don't do room service daily, so if that's something you want, look elsewhere. I didn't mind it... less tip to give. Guess it makes sense since it's like cleaning an apartment. While we were there, housekeeping came in midweek to clean, and another time as we were checking out.Staying here removes the fun out of having a casino in the same complex, but if you're a young family, a casual gambler, or just doing some sightseeing in the Las Vegas area, then this place might be just the spot.
4	Just got back from a stay here.  It was nice.  The shuttle drivers are very friendly, especially Honilei (sp?).  She was such a nice lady and so friendly.  There was also one lady at the concierge...I wish I had gotten her name...who was just amazing.  Staff aside, the rooms are basically one-bedroom apartments so the size is great.  The jacuzzi is open 24 hours a day, which was great.  They also have a lazy river...again, great.  The resort is large, but nowhere near as large as those on the strip.  Their little convenience store was expensive, but it's a resort in Vegas so I really can't hold that against them.  There was a Denny's on the property which saved us from at least one expensive meal.  The shuttle service left the hotel every 30 mins and was always on time.I would stay here again as we had a great experience.  My only reason to want to stay on the Strip is being able to have more fun playing and less time waiting for or running for the shuttle.
4	Hotel/ Service- Smooth check in, but the front desk gal did not inform us of the hotel amenties - Concierge desk gentleman (he was a niner fan) was very friendly and gave us info about the hotel - Room was huge with view of the pool, convenient with kitchenette, but the carpet was very damp; didn't bother to complain since we left the room after check-in - 5 min walk to the outlet mall (great selection of stores for men/women)- Pool and lazy river were very relaxing and covered with palm trees - We were accommodate with a 1 hr late check out  - Free parking, didn't have a car but good to know in the future Mahana Spa- Easy reservation set-up and friendly front desk lady upon our arrival- Massage ran on time, very relaxing, and even gained some muscle education from the masseuses - We were given the $10 off discount without us mentioning it, this was a big plusShuttle to/from the strip - Great that there's a late shuttle service on Fri/Sat nights- For some reason, we always had to wait a while to leave when it reached the Mirage especially late night - Try to get the Hawaiian lady driver, she is so entertaining and she'll give you all the info you need about LV transportation to save you time and money Food- Denny's and Tahiti Joes are in the hotel - nothing fancy but convenient - Food court inside the outel, outside is a McDonalds and Chipotle Overall I would stay here again. They had good rates with all the hotel amenities compared to the hotels on the strip.
5	Had the very best time here, the rooms were like mini condos, the lazy river was sooo much fun, the place is clean clean and the staff from the front desk to the pool attendants were so nice and helpful.  We stayed there for our wedding and I booked 3 rooms for my kids and their family, we all had so much fun. Thank you Tahiti Village, we can't wait to come back !!!!!Antoinette & Ted Blaul
5	We had a great time here, the rooms are like apartments. The lazy river is alot of fun. The staff was nice and always helpful. Nice swimming pool with sandy beach and jaccuzi.
5	We had the pleasure of staying her for three nights in September and it just might be my new favorite place to stay in Vegas.We normally stay on the strip, in fact our trip in April had been for a week at the Palazzo. This time we had my boyfriend's parents with us, visiting from England. They were not interested in gambling, so we thought that it would be nice to stay somewhere quieter and Tahiti Village fit the bill.We had adjoining rooms that were absolutely massive. Our room was the bigger of the two, but they each had a kitchen area and living room. Our room had a Jacuzzi tub and a shower that converted to a steam room. So cool. The kitchens have a full size fridge and stove and had any appliance or utensil that you might need to cook dinner. The rooms were beautifully appointed and clean. The pool is hands down the best in Vegas. It's a huge complex and we never had to worry about not being able to find a lounge chair during peak times. The  pool was full, but never felt crowded, because it was so big. I loved the lazy river. It's relaxing with just the right amount of waterfalls. Tahiti Village does not charge for tube rentals either. The pool bar had strong, cheap drinks. I really can't find a single negative about this resort. I can't wait to stay here again. Next time we are going to buy steaks and take advantage of the huge BBQ area. After three nights in Tahiti Village, I felt like I had spent a week in Hawaii!
3	Just came back from a weekend here with the family. Arrived on thurs. Which the weather was super windy... bummer. We had a fast check in and recieved a room with a view of the strip. The room was nice and decent only thing was the lighting was really low in the living room. Needs better lighting. Lazy river was nice in a family resort you have to expect lots of kids so as a aunt i new what to expect. Didnt like that you couldnt bring food or drinks to pool area, we had snacks for the kids. They just want you to spend more $ and only buy food from tahiti joes. Wish there was more food options besides tahiti joes and dennys.
4	My parents and I have been timeshare owners for about 3-4 years and have watched the resort improve. With that being said, I am more than willing to give this place a 4/5.Location-wise, I find this a very comfortable setting with Tahiti being at the end of the strip but not so far away as say South Point. The setting itself is rather quaint in my opinion having all 5 towers surround the pool area and therefore giving it this tranquil almost isolated feeling. If there is anything I appreciate more than anything else it is a little peace and relaxation, and having it near the Strip is just an added bonus. Not only that but when you have the Town Square Shopping Center and the Premium Outlets a block away, who can complain?Whenever we come up here, we often use the Royal Tahitian (Bora Bora + Morea) and I'm not terribly disappointed. The last few times have revealed that painful lack of Wi-fi but I am pleased to announce that the resort has heard our pleas and has made free Wi-Fi available in the rooms. However in defense of the resort, I believe they limited Internet Access so that the guests are (in a sense) forced to enjoy their vacation and go out a little bit more. However my real issue lies with the cleaning services.For those who stay for an extended period of time, they will not enter your room until you have checked out, which is nice since you won't have to worry about invasion of privacy or the like. However when they do their job, its execution is... Shoddy to say the least: I have found kitchenware that still had some stains from the previous guests. Disgusting? Definitely.But with that aside, the other services that the resort provides are lovely to say the least: shuttle buses to the Strip, spa, gym, pool, lazy river, two restaurants, etc. It's hard not to be disappointed by this, and I have tried everything except for the spa (I've sold my soul to student loans, what can I say?), and was never disappointed by what they have to offer.All in all, Tahiti is a great experience, and is well worth the investment. I try to come here when there aren't any holidays in order to avoid the big shindigs that the resort hosts for the owners, but if you're willing to take the risk, go right on ahead.
4	We were suckered into getting a Time Share but it's definitely paid off because we end up coming here every year for a conference anyways.  We have the larger room with the full kitchen, living room, master bedroom and bath, which is perfect for our family of 4.  The couch is a sofa bed and perfect for the kids.  We go out to eat on the strip, but we also stop at Food for Less, about 5 mins away, to load up on groceries as well.  They do have grocery services and will stock your refrigerator for you before you check in, but I'm not sure what the fee is.  I can do that myself and avoid that cost.  The pool is great but gets crowded early, so good luck trying to find a place to park your stuff down. They also have a jacuzzi and a lazy river on the other side, which you have to exit out of the pool area, walk across the hot pavement to get to.  They used to charge for the tubes, but I think they stopped doing that because we walked up and grabbed the tubes with no hassle.  Their drinks at the pool side bar about $10, I could be wrong, it may be more, for a Mai Tai or Pina Colada in a tall tahiti cup, which you can reuse. I'm not sure if you get a discount if you reuse your cup, I think you do, from what I remember. Anyways, room service and the staff are all courteous.  We had one time where my husband noticed that the tv in the master bedroom was small, when it's usually big. He called the front desk and the engineer guy came shortly thereafter with a large replacement tv.  Good customer service!!
3	There are many positives and I'm sure that those who come during warmer months thoroughly enjoy the premises.  A pretty place with people's wishes all pretty much accounted for.  There was a heated pool and a very tempting clean and steamy hot tub we didn't use because the hot tub was a ways from our building--it was January and very cold cold out and we just didn't want to deal with having to get out of that hot tub, but as I say it was tempting.  The food we bought onsite and brought up to our room was yummy--hit the spot.  We saw people grilling outside and that area looked perfect for hanging out at on a warmer evening. We liked the offerings and premises overall although we were there for only two nights during a cold spell.  We didn't like, though, that there were not easily see-able signs on the exterior of the buildings so as to find ours--someone else staying with us and who arrived first had to come outside to find us and direct us to the correct building.  We used the parking garage, which was fine although stray beer bottles were here and there.  The premises were otherwise very well well-kempt and felt secure.  In the suite, the amenities were very good and the coffee machine my favorite of all my times traveling and I appreciated how it kept the coffee warm without it starting to taste old.  The stove, dishwasher, pots and pans and dishes all made use of the kitchen a pleasure.  Now for my gripes.  There were many lights in all rooms and yet the bathroom felt dark over by the sink area (was fine by the tub/shower).  Makeup had to be put on in the bedroom with the curtains open.  The bathroom sink was so deep and the light dim--couldn't do makeup  there.  Also, the small fridge in the min-bar lounge room (adjoining one of the bedrooms) was so loud that we had to turn it off.  In the bedroom the window did not open and so there was no way to air things out, which was especially disappointing since we had to carry second-hand smoke smell into the hotel room from the casinos and because there was air freshener that seemed pumped through the air, we noticed right away, and that was also in the elevators (we did get used to it, but still).  Also, the heat/air vents went directly onto the bed by the pillow area and would blow  hot or cold air on us.  (But the blankets were good--most places' blankets don't keep us warm, but these did and were very clean.)  I woke up with the need for Motrin after my first night.  The mattress was way too soft and bouncy.  My second night I slept scooched down at the lower end where it was a little firmer and slept okay.  Oh, very clean sheets.  I'm a person who checks for bedbugs--nothing to worry about there and the sheets were super-bright white.  Living room couch did feel in need of a steam cleaning, but it seems this is the case with most hotels.  The linens were fine and the carpeting was very clean for carpeting too.  Spouse got a rash.  Don't know if it was from the cold outside or the hard water of Vegas and soap.  You might want to bring your own soap, but that might not make a difference.  With a firmer mattress I'd have been really pretty pleased.  I can overlook just about anything but can't ignore pain and can't enjoy a vacation day if I can barely walk.  But otherwise a nice place and it was really easy getting into town, too, using the hotel's shuttle that ran quite late into the night.
5	Super nice place, even at a higher price.  Very, clean large room, nice pool and lazy river.The restaurant onsite has delicious food and great cocktails.I recommend the poke.  Big portion and super fresh.
5	We just went for 2 weeks time in Las Vegas.  Stayed here 12 nights......(and stayed also at Red Rock Casino, my favorite off strip hotel).This is a great place to stay for an extended trip....The steam showers as wonderful as ever.....They now have free internet - Yippy and reason why this place is now a 5 star for a time share for Las Vegas!  Connection was very good (no problems).Two minor notes:1) Be careful in the parking lots - some taxis like to speed through the lot way too fast.2) After our long drive to Las Vegas and after checking in, we decided to use the $10.00 coupon they give you for Tahiti Joes.  The sandwiches were good, however...We ordered neapolitan ice cream at Tahiti Joes; they said they only had strawberry and vanilla part no chocolate.  Well, they should have told us no ice cream.  The 2 flavor neapolitan ice cream arrived slushy mush - now we know what happened to the chocolate. It must have completely melted.Other than that had a wonderful time - but not that much pool time as some days it only got to be 38 degree high and in the low 20s at night,.  Room heater kept us comfortable in spite of the cold weather and the steamy sensual showers warmed us up.
3	Pros: Lovely rooms,  great spa prices, awesome pool, free shuttle to the strip, grocery delivery, friendly service. Cons: Only 2 places to eat: Denny's and "Tahiti Joe's", kind of far from the strip, can feel isolated if you don't have a car. No casino. Not much to do in the area. We traded in a time share for a week at this place and it was an overall pleasant experience! This is a nice place to stay if you're going to be in town for a while. They have free grocery delivery that you can arrange to have done when you arrive (it is rather expensive though), or if you have a car there's a Whole Foods nearby. We did not have a car, but we got some groceries and spent most of our time eating out on the strip. A shuttle to the strip leaves every 30 minutes, and it takes about 15 minutes to get there. I went to the spa, and had a great, inexpensive massage. The place is modest and no-frills, but the staff is accommodating and friendly and the rooms are comfortable and clean. The lazy river is neat!  Unfortunately we went in the winter and the pool was supposed to be on and heated, but it was unseasonably cold so they closed it (jacuzzis were open though).
4	Great Location. Came here for the 2013 Rugby 7s. Upon arrival, I was very discouraged that the front desk did not have any luggage carts available. Glad that there were 5 of us so we managed to bring all our belongings to our room on the 2nd floor. The rooms were spacious and the stainless steel appliances were a plus. They have free shuttle to the Strip which was great. Lots of amenities like outside BBQ grill, Pool and Spa. Parking wasn't much of a problem. There are a few that are next to the hotel rooms, but there is also a parking garage in the back.WiFi is free but was down for a day or two. Second complaint....having to check out at 10AM.....that just sucks. But glad they honored an extra hour. Overall, we had a great time and will be back next year.
4	We were here for a week doing the Vegas thing and watching rugby.  Some very good things about this property, some not so great.The good:  very friendly and helpfull staff.  Need towels, no problem.  Some restaurant ideas?  No problem.  Excellent.  The grounds are exceedingly well-kept.  There are large BBQ areas and we saw staff polishing up the BBQs every single day.  Looks like a great spot to cook up some steaks.Pool area was very nice, with a good tropical vibe.  Too bad it was in the 50's most of the time we were there, so not a lot of pool time.  Hot tubs were very nice.The rooms were clean, but maybe a little dated.  There are renovations underway in other wings, and I'm guessing we were in one that had not gotten updated.  The bathroom was killer.  Big soaking tub and a steam shower that should be mandatory in all hotels.  Good kitchen, well-equipped for cooking, if you're into that in Vegas.The not so good:  The bed in our room was wretched.  Truly wretched.  Had the spring-type mattress, so if one person rolls over, the other knows about it.  The blankets were undersized and thin.  Seriously, we each tried sleeping on the sofa bed one night and it was actually better than the bed, and that's scary.  And as mentioned in another review, there's no actual restaurant on property.  Denny's can't really count and Tahiti Joe's, while well-staffed should have the cook slapped.So why four stars?  Because once the rest of the rooms are renovated and that god-awful bed burned, the place will rock.  We'd stay here again, no doubt.
5	This place really exceeded my expectations.  I needed a hotel that could accommodate  3 adults and 3 kids.  This was more cost effective than booking adjoining rooms in a hotel.  The room was really nice!  Typical timeshare type set up with a living room, kitchen and laundry.  The pool and lazy river were both very nice.  There was a shallow area of the pool with sand for kids and a bar for adults.The shuttle service was convenient
4	Got a good deal through another Time Share co.  We weren't expecting much but were very pleased with the rooms.  First thing we did was take a bath in the jet jacuzzi and steam showers. We had a view of the parking lot and they changed us to a pool view upon request.  Some residents were very "low rent" but overall, we had a good time.  The shuttles came every 30 min and took you to the strip.  Don't go to Tahiti Joes, the sister restaurant next door...poor service and TERRIBLE over priced food!  Dennys was a much better bet.
4	My two girlfriends and I were feeling spontaneous, so we gased up the gully and took a 4 hour drive to Vegas. Thankfully my girlfriend has a timeshare at the Tahiti Village, and they were able to accommodate our whimsical request to check in at 1:00 AM on a Friday morning. The one bedroom was very comfortable and thoughtfully decorated; much like the rest of the timeshare, with Tahitian flavor and modern flare. We enjoyed the complimentary shuttle that ran us back and forth to the strip. Drop off points were New York New York and Mirage. Loved the fact that the shuttle runs until 1:00 AM. The pool here is also pretty spectacular. It's very spacious and wonderfully laid out. Plenty of room for folks to spread out; there's even a bar for cool drinks. And the poolside DJ - nice touch!
3	This is not your typical hotel in Vegas. Located on Las Vegas Blvd., Tahiti Village is not on the strip yet still close enough from all the" happening". What I like about this place is the fact that there is no casino here which means it's kid friendly and no smell of smoke everywhere.  The rooms are nice because they come with a kitchen that is fully furnished, a breakfast counter, dining area, a separate living room area that has a convertible sofa bed, washer/dryer, separate bed and bath, and a balcony. Not that you would want to cook while in Vegas but it's convenient if you stay long or if you have children that you need to feed whenever they are hungry. If by chance you are here when the weather is really hot, the lazy river is an awesome amenity for kids and adults alike.My only complain on my last visit here is the housekeeping service. I don't recall it being that way in the past but our suite was not made up for the three days that we were here. Luckily, we're not messy guests but that would've sucked if we were. Oh and the 1st sink in the bathroom was leaking. We called it in on the 1st night but no one came to fix it during our stay. There were two sinks in the bathroom so that wasn't a problem for us. It only goes to show they need work on their maintenance. Overall, Tahiti Village is a nice place to stay if you are travelling with a family or a big group. They offer adjoining suites which we have used in the past when there were 12 of us visiting Vegas. We all fit comfortably and enjoyed our stay here. Just right behind the hotel is also an outlet store for those of you interested. Lots of parking is available in the structure as the private lot gets full fast. Make sure you leave your parking permit on the dashboard of your car. NOTE: On top of what you pay each night, a resort fee is charged to your card upon checkout. I've stayed here quite a few times in the past and have always been a fan. It's just disappointing that my recent experience here was not that great. I know I'll still consider staying here if travelling with a group but I just hope service will be a great improvement next time.
4	Great for families with children. Nice pool area and plenty of on site activities.The rooms are really nice. The washer machine and dryer aren't that great. They both take forever and the settings are hard to understand.They have a shuttle that makes trips to and from the strip. It would be great if it ran later. It would also be great if it dropped off at Mandalay bay.
4	This is a backdated review for Memorial Day Weekend '13 -This place is nice, but the demographics are completely different than what you'd expect to see on the strip.You will find families (kids!) and a more aged population. This is good and bad.The good:-No plumes of smoke everywhere-No gambling-Nice and serene-Amazing rates-Nice roomThe bad:-It can get very boring, very fast.So if you're looking for a place to relax then stay here, if you're looking for a place to party, stay on the strip.  Tahiti Village has shuttle service, but it can honestly be inconvenient to wait for the shuttle and it sometimes gets full so you will need a cab if you are trying to get to someplace fast without all the stops.One thing I loved about this place is that they let me do early check in!! You can drop your stuff off with bellhops if you arrive early, but while you are there you can check to see if your room is available. If it is, you can check in early at no additional cost!The staff is really nice. There was one incident with a girl, but I understand she was just trying to do her job.  I got hassled on presenting a photo ID because I used a credit card.  My credit card has a picture of me on the card. You'd think it'd be just as good. Apparently not.  In retrospect I might have been a little rude, but her tone wasn't that polite either when she asked me to present my ID.The rooms are nice. We got the 580 sqft room for 3 people. There is a bed and a fold out couch for use.  You also get a fridge, dishwasher, stove, AND PLATES/CUPS!!You are definitely completely hooked up since there is free wifi.Again there is a resort fee, but I think it came out to like 50 bucks for a 4 day stay? Not bad at all.Bottom line:  This place is pretty cool.  If I wanted to relax and get away from the shenanigans of the Strip, I'd head here.  But if you want to be in the center of all the action and are on a budget, hit up the Luxor or Excalibur (lol).
3	Nice looking rooms and nice front desk and concierge. We came for the pool and lazy river and it was clean and open late (unlike the pools on the strip). The lifeguards are very young (like 15) and not real friendly, but whatever. The lazy river was great except that naturally it got real crowded. There was always some jerk who parks in their tube in the water with their feet up on the side so no one else can get by then gives you dirty looks when you bump them. Its a river not a pool jerks! I got the idea the lifeguards can't say anything unless you're drowning. There was a big sign that read "no outside drinks or food" but we walked in with our small ice-chest of water bottles and cans and they just gave us the stink eye but didn't say anything. Theres a few bars at the pool so I know they want you to buy their $15 drinks, and we bought one. Its probably a great place to take the kids because they even had activities like cookie decorating, but I didn't go.We were there 3 nights and room service only came once on the second night which I thought was odd. I didn't think they'd come at all so we left some valuables out and they were still there which was nice of them. Even stranger was it appeared the staff cleaned all the rooms in our hall that day (room 1313) and left all the trash and blankets and towels piled outside of the rooms for the next 30 hours! I swear! we took a pic of the bags of trash, freakin weird. All-in-all it was a nice place but those quirks were not cool. At least the AC kicked butt and it was pretty quiet in my room.
4	Justin and I stayed here to celebrate our two year anniversary. We were looking for a fun, relaxing weekend together and that is exactly what we found at Tahiti Village! We went the weekend of May 31, and it did not seem crowded at all. We were greeted by the front desk and concierge who were very friendly and gave us all the info we needed. Our room was the perfect size, and very clean except for the decorative on the pillow which was covered in black hair. Gross. I wonder if they ever wash those?The rest of our stay was very pleasant. We spent hours at the pool and lazy river. The drinks at the tiki bar were VERY pricey. Last time we stayed here the pool hours were shorter and we had to pay for tube rentals, but now the lazy river is open until 10:30 and tube rentals are included in a resort fee so I appreciated that change.The next best thing to having a complementary breakfast (which is unfortunately not provided) is having a Denny's in the same parking lot. We ate there every morning. There used to be a Tahiti Village Guest discount, but it has apparently been discontinued which was dissapointing, especially since I remember it being advertized on the website.We had a little ordeal with our key card being stolen (who does that?) but the front desk was very gracious about getting us a new one. Our last night at the Luau was very fun. The fruit, fish and coconut cake was to die for!  We enjoyed the dancers and it was hilarious to see the crowd participate. For a little while I almost was able to forget that we were in Vegas and not in Hawaii! Overall, we had a wonderful stay. We love Tahiti Village and we will be returning soon!
4	We spent 7 nights here on our honeymoon. LOVED IT.Its far enough off the strip to be quiet, and close enough to make it very convenient. We had full kitchen, separate bedroom, gigantic bathroom with a tub and steamer, a balacony... not to mention they have 2 pools, 2 hottubs, AND a lazy river.they offer shuttle service to and from the strip, and have a weekly luau. So much fun! we are going to go back for our 5 year anniversary!
4	We stayed at Tahiti Village July 8-15th 2013 in the smallest unit, the Moorea.  Overall, this is a very nice resort.  The room was clean and consisted of a bedroom with King size bed, bathroom with small vanity and a combo shower/tub unit, and a living room/kitchen combo.  The kitchen was not a full kitchen (no oven and mini fridge), but did contain a blender, toaster, coffee maker, and microwave.  There were also dishes, dish soap, and all the utensils you would need.  The living room couch folds out to sleep 2 more if necessary. (We didn't use it, since it was just my husband and I).  This is a great resort for families.  There are pools, a lazy river, and 24 hour hot tubs (including one that is adults only).  There was also several grilling areas, which we saw being cleaned every morning we were there.Here are some things to consider when staying at Tahiti Village1. This is a family resort.  There are kids everywhere.  If you're looking for an adults only Vegas experience, this is probably not the resort for you.  However, if you're bringing the fam, definitely consider!2. Our room was on the 10th floor in Tower 5, so it was very quiet.  Not sure if the lower floors are as well, but we didn't hear our neighbors at all.3.  If you're looking to cook several meals to save money, consider upgrading to the Bora Bora unit.  These units have a full kitchen and full-size stove.4.  Housekeeping-  Keep in mind that this is a condo unit.  You will not receive housekeeping services unless you stay more than 7 nights.  Then you will receive service on the 4th night of your stay.  You can request housekeeping for $35/day.  We had a small issue with this, as they did not show up on our 4th day, but we called the next and had service in 15 min.  She did a great job and even washed our dirty dishes.  Maintenance was also very helpful, and was at our room within 15 min of our call.5.  Transportation-  This is probably the only reason this resort doesn't get 5 stars from me.  The resort does not have a shuttle from the airport, and many of the shuttle services (including the one purchased through our airline!) do not transport to Tahiti Village.  More than likely you will have to take a cab (approximately $20).  The resort does offer shuttles to the strip, a local grocery store, Red Rock Canyon, and Freemont Street.  If you want to take the shuttle to anything other than to strip, you MUST sign up with the concierge and get a boarding pass.  Only 26 people can go on each of these and the days are limited.  Sign up as soon as you check in.  There were only shuttles to the grocery store on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.  Freemont Street was only Tuesday and Wednesday, and Red Rock was just Wednesday I believe.  There are shuttles to the strip every half hour, but if you need to be somewhere at a certain time, plan for a 1 hour ride.  Also, the shuttles pick up and drop off at New York, New York and the Mirage.  They go to New York, New York first, so if you are waiting for pick up at the Mirage, sometimes you are out of luck getting a seat.  Average cab fare to the strip was $20.All in all, this is a great resort with large rooms and lots of amenities.  If you're looking for somewhere for a family to stay, this is it; however, if you're going to spend most of your time on the strip, consider staying closer or understand you will have to be patient with transportation or pay for cab service.
1	This place reminds me of one of those crackhead hotels that sell their rooms at "conveniently" discounted rates while maintaining the allure of a wannabe family-friendly Holiday Inn kind of atmosphere.It's where, while mom and dad are having their cheapo anniversary beneath the moonlight next to a pool polluted with urine (there is no such as a blue dye that marks piss as a cloud, it's a movie joke derives from a myth spread by little kids, like "cooties"), and while the kids are either sleeping or watching late night shows, the room NEXT DOOR has four tweakers working out a drug deal from a vicious looking motherfucker with tattoos all over his face, and a handgun with lines of meth laid out before a table.That's what you are bringing your kids too. Tell them to cover their ears and keep their heads down when a gunshot goes off.The entrance is very difficult to make a left turn into if you are heading south on Las Vegas Blvd. The locals floor it on the gas without reading the speed limit signs and cut each other off as you are, in sheer terror, trying to get your family of 6 into the valet area. Which brings me to another part of the review.There is ABSOLUTELY no customer service at the valet. I had my car siting there for TEN minutes. No uniformed guys came running up to take my key and my car. There were THREE other cars in front of me also waiting for some fucking CUSTOMER SERVICE.The sprinklers on the north side of the hotel are BROKEN, gushing wasted money towards the asphalt instead of into the bushes. It sort of reminds me of those movie scenes in the ghetto, where a bunch of poor kids are playing around a broken fire hydrant in the projects
3	This is our second stay. Mostly it was a good stay. Our room smelled right as you walk in, smells like trash. Everything else seemed clean. Shuttle was useful, there were only 2 stops. I wish they would add another stop in between. There should also be a system on busy hours on how guests board on the shuttle. Those who were waiting on the bench can be the last ones to get on or be left for the next shuttle. Aggressive and disrespectful kids would jump in front of the line. We will stay somewhere else for a change next time.
2	Hate to do this, I love the ambiance of this hotel and was so pleased with it last time we stayed, but our last trip here wasn't so great. If you're staying at this hotel its probably got something to do with the pool. The pool is gorgeous, however, on our last trip, the pool wasn't so gorgeous. I'm an avid swimmer and spend a lot, I mean a lot of time swimming in pools. With that said, the water at this hotel's pool was a lot colder than last year, maybe the pumps not working too well, and the water was sorry guys, "gross", way under chlorinated for the amount of people in it. Honestly, if my eyes burn but I know that that little kid's "I can't believe its not butter" snot was neutralized before it floated over my back, I'm ok with that. I also should add that I'm not a high maintenance guy. In fact, many of my friends have called me a scum bag on several occasions, I mean if i say something's gross, it's gross.  Dear Tahiti Village, upgrade your pumps, yell at the pool guy, whatever you need to do, that pool is your greatest asset. I hate to say it, but on our next Vegas trip, we'll probably stay somewhere else, which is a shame.
4	My husband and I have been coming here now for quite sometime.   It reminded us of our honeymoon in morrea and bora bora.  We have used the facility a lot.  Family reunions and graduation parties.  My husband has a lot of classes and advanced education he has to take. They are held here twice a year.   Thr property I'd very convenient.   The strip doesn't appeal to us much so we really like the location. We save money on food and enjoy cooking in the kitchen.   We have taken advantage of other properties as ee travel alot.   Looking forward to the info of the new owners.Great place for families and sharing with friends.  It has been a great investment for us.  If uour expecting a glitzy, loud, obnoxious, busy strip casino type you defiantly don't want to stay here.  But the are down the road a bit...
5	Came here the end of July and stayed 4 nights. Checked in on a Sunday for the luau. The pork from the buffet was great and the entertainment was good. Hard to see though because the stage was only for the band and not for the dancers.  Stand far left or right for a better view.We took the Moorea room in tower 5 which is the newest building and closest to the parking structure. Its perfect for our family of 4. Kids took the pull out sofa and hubs and I had our private room.  2 tvs in our unit were more than helpful. Small kitchenette with fridge, microwave and sink were invaluable.  Rates are reasonable for this family resort.  No gambling, nonsmoking rooms, and the pool area is unrivaled.  Sandy beach entrance to pool that closes at 10pm! 24 hour spa jacuzzi! Lazy river is spectacular! They even had a dive in movie night, free popcorn and lemonade during our stay! Drinks are pricey though. They don't welcome outside drinks, just bottled water but we don't care. We wouldn't stay anywhere else! Its a family favorite. Can't wait til next summer! Oh, and wifi, parking, and shuttle to strip and downtown is free!
3	Very family oriented.... Which is disappointing for our group with no children. Needs an adult only pool, needs more adult oriented activities. Beer or wine tasting? Very small gym. Buildings are awkwardly set up. Had to walk down a hall literally the length of a football field to get to our room, no stair access from first floor. Rooms were very nice though. Very large bathrooms and great patio space. Grills for cooking outside are super clean.
3	It's an OK place. Not great, not awful. The lazy river is fun, but it's always packed and it closes at 6pm on weekdays!!! That's too early for how big of a resort this is!
2	My dad owns a timeshare for the Bora Bora. Even though we were NOT the owners, they kept trying to get us to meet with them so they could show us the benefits of converting to the new company that recently purchased into the resort. Once we insisted that we were not the owners, they tried to bully my husband and I into going to their presentation about purchasing one of these timeshares for ourselves. I am not a fan of hard sell, and while I understand it is the nature of their business, I do not like being harassed after I have politely but firmly declined the offer. The room was decent, but we had to move the table and found lots of crumbs and there were multiple stains in the carpet. It was disgusting. They were very accommodating about our requests for extra towels and blankets, but they definitely skimp on the cleaning. They only clean during your stay if you are staying the full week, and even then, it is only after the 4th night. For the prices they charge for yearly maintenance fees, it is absolutely appalling. You might as well give up any hope of finding a luggage cart. I think the prospectors might have had better luck finding gold than we did on either arrival or departure. We even called to request one two and a half hours before our planned departure, there were none to be found. This wasn't *that* big of a deal, but a bit irritating for a resort that size. Due to the location off-strip, it is a bit of a hassle getting back and forth, but it is really nice and quiet at night. There were no drunkards returning to their rooms at 2, 3, 4 am yelling down the hallway. The reason I gave two stars instead of one is that their pool and lazy river areas are very nice. It made for a much more enjoyable stay than our room, and the quiet atmosphere at night.  With the number of other options available to you, skip Tahiti Village, and for goodness' sake, DO NOT get suckered in to buying one, unless you really adore coming to Vegas every year. Otherwise, it is just a huge rip-off.
5	Just got back from a week at Tahiti Village and we wanna go back, and move in, FOREVER! We own a timeshare and Tahiti Village is the best one we have ever been to. The pool , Lazy river, 24 hour spa, and BBQ areas are all so amazing! We would hit the clubs till 4 am then take a dip in the 24 hour spa . Wake up at 2pm the next day and float in the Lazy River while sucking down adult beverages that they serve by the river. Truly felt like your in a tropical village, from the landscaping to the decor inside and out. The rooms are super clean , spacious, and nice. We have the 1 bedroom. Only complaint was the carpet deodorizer they use before you check in, but not a big deal. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Thank you Tahiti Village for an awesome vacation! Seriously..... Can we move in?
4	Great place to stay!My girlfriend and I stayed here over a long weekend (Thurs-Sun) and had an excellent time.  The rooms were nice & spacious, with a mini-kitchen (other rooms have different/better amenities), and comfortable beds/furniture.  This place would be ideal for a family or people who are looking for a more laid back Vegas experience.  The main thing that drew our eye to the Tahiti Village was the pool and lazy river.  The pictures on their website make it look pretty spectacular and it definitely lived up to the hype.  The pool had music playing & a water-volleyball match going on with a lively group of guests.  The only draw back were drink prices at the poolside bar.  I understand there's an up-charge, I get it... but when my girlfriend comes back after ordering drinks for her & I and says she doesn't have enough cash and I ask how much... hearing "$38..that's before tip," I was ready to simply go thirsty.  $19 for a mixed drink is absolutely ridiculous!  I even saw the resort management hassle a time-share owner about bringing beers down to the pool (beers that he had purchased at the resort's on-site store).  But aside from that, an excellent place to stay!The shuttle service to the strip is convenient & pretty prompt.  There was no way I was waking up at 8am to catch the shuttle to the grocery store on Friday morning though, so I ended up walking.  There's a Food 4 Less about 1.6 miles away (straight shot down South Las Vegas Blvd).  However, in 109 degree heat (even with 0 humidity), it's not the most pleasant stroll.  So, my "pro tip" for anyone else in the same boat, cut through the HUGE outlet mall that's on the way.  It's air conditioned and it covers nearly 1/3 of the distance you're going to be traveling.  Also, when looking online, it said the only real places for food were the restaurant at the resort (Tahiti Joe's) or Denny's (also located on the resort property).  However, just passed the strip mall, there are a number of other eatery options.  From subway & fast food to sit-down restaurants & night clubs, you can find a variety of options.  All in all, as long as you're slightly resourceful, Tahiti Village was a great stay.  The resort staff was polite and did an excellent job.  They even let us have late check out because our flight wasn't until 9pm that night.  Had a blast, will be back again!
4	We came in on Sat and stayed through Wed (of Labor Day weekend) an I must say it was a great place to stay. While yes it is geared towards families, kids were all over having a good time. The customer service was excellent and everyone so nice. While we did ask upon arrival for an upgrade, we never got it but we found ourselves more outdoors this time and this 1 bedrm was fine! It was clean and the Rep at the front desk knew my husband by name when he went down the next morning to check on an upgrade and meet with the Concierge to see what was happening. What I found to be a real bummer is that it is Non Smoking rooms, but yet people do not respect that and when our A/C came on throughout the day and night, it was like someone lighting up a smoke! Unfortunately I am allergic to it and it made for a rough few days! Overall it was a nice place and we would go back, but we are not rejoining with RCI for timeshares (a whole different story) so probably won't be back, this is based on us not having this as a timeshare option any longer!
2	Let me preface this review, I'm giving this place 2.5 stars.I  have some mixed emotions about this place.  The first time I stayed here, it wasn't half bad. I stayed in a spacious two bedroom suite, not too shabby.  It had some decent amenities (i.e. lazy river, good location from the strip, and a convenient Dennys located right by the hotel) and I also signed up for an AMAZING massage!  However, this time it was disappointingly different. I'm talking about smelly and soggy carpeting, busted light bulb, and our hotel door that you had to throw your shoulder into in order to open it.  But the cherry on top of a not so lovely experience, was the screaming children up and down the hallway, the paper thin walls which you could hear EVERYTHING and the apathetic staff who can really give a rat's ass.  I get this establishment is a family place, but damn,  control your kiddos when they're in doors and inform them that hallways are not the place to host the human Nascar races.  I guess you get what you pay for.
4	Overall: A nice resort. Lots of amenities. Great for long stays.  We had a full kitchen in our suite, which was a nice addition.Unit was clean upon arrival. Tv's were new. Towels/linens looked like they had seen heavy use, but they worked great.  Service was rather lackluster.  We went through 2 broken drying machines, before they found a working unit. Not a deal-breaker, just a little frustrating.
4	I stayed in late September, 2013, with my two daughters and my sister.  We had a double unit that included two living rooms, two kitchens (one a mini) and two large bedrooms and two bathrooms, one large with a Jacuzzi tub and steam shower.  Smaller bathroom lacked counter space.  Beds were comfy.   Our rooms overlooked some awful open field that made us unable to enjoy our decks for drinks,etc.  But the rooms were very quiet...that was a plus.For food we either ate on the strip but drove to Food 4 Less  for breakfast items, snacks, soda, water, liquor ( just past the outlet mall, south of the resort). BTW, there are slots at Food 4 Less; I couldn't believe it!  No, I did not play; I don't gamble!My daughter thoroughly enjoyed the outlet mall, a short walk from the resort.  We all enjoyed the large pool where we spent our late mornings and early afternoons and the drinks and service (including lunch).   The food at Tahiti Joe's leaves a lot to be desired as does the entire restaurant...yucky.  We never did get to Denny's.The location off the strip made this the kind of place where you could really relax during the day and head to the strip in the evening.  The resort was very clean and the people who worked there were helpful and pleasant.  This was a trade with my daughter's timeshare points so a freeby for me...I shouldn't complain about anything!   If you are handicapped or have a family member who is, negotiate where your room will be as there was lots of walking from our building (5, a newer bldg.).  My sister has trouble walking and this was a bit of a nuisance.Don't miss the Town Center shopping center about a half mile from the resort....beautiful little outside mall with good stores and restaurants.  Enjoy!.
4	My family have been a proud owner of Tahiti Village and we have been going to Tahiti Village for awhile now every time we make our family trips to Vegas. Our trips have been outstanding, but except for the fact that there are no free wi-fi for the whole condominium. That's the only thing that's bothered us. I hope they change that soon. The rooms are great, the staff are well-managed and have great customer service. If you have a family, especially with kids, this is the place to go! And it's right on the strip too!
4	Nice rooms. Off the strip, but not too far away.  Only issue is the lazy river gets a tad crowded, and you can't bring your own drinks.  I would be mad about that if I was an owner.  I like taking the family every summer.
4	Stayed here with the family for a vacation weekend. We have a bunch of kids (I've lost count), so we got a lock-out suite with two bedrooms. The entire place is very well-maintained, clean, and the employees are friendly. The suite was enormous and we got a great deal on it. It included a whilrlpool tub, steam shower, and balcony (with a view of the airport rental car return garage, what're ya gonna do?). The just-off-the-strip location is perfect if you're not interested in partying 'til all hours but still want to get in a little fun there. There are a number of chain restaurants and grocery store nearby. I had to do some work over the internet while staying here and the wifi was fast and worked flawlessly.A few very nitpicky things that I would note: the air freshener that is used in the rooms if overpowering, and the smell lasted through our three days there, the parking is a bit tight near the buildings and the large parking garage is far from many of the rooms, and it's nearly impossible to find a bellcart for loading and unloading. These are all small things, but at such an otherwise-great resort, we noticed them.We will definitely stay here again.
5	Visited in July 2013 for my Bachelorette party. Stayed in a Royal Tahitian Suite. It was simple huge and comfortable, and clean, and fresh. It was awesome. HUGE. Its like having a 3 bedroom suite. The jetted tub fit 3 of us girls in it lol.The steam shower was cool. The kitchen and kitchenette have nice cabinets and appliances. The pools are great. The lazy river was so relaxing. Don't like that you cant bring your own red cup. There was a DJ during the day on Saturday. Had so much fun!!Didn't take the shuttle; drove our own SUV packed with girls. Its not that far from the strip. Literally like a 1-2 minute drive to the strip. There is free parking everywhere so its easy to drive to a club, and if there is no DD by the end of the night, then we take a cab back to the hotel. And then the shuttle the next day to pick up the car. haha. Cant wait to be back next summer!!
2	This is place gets 4 stars for service, room set up and cleanliness - shower was great, two tvs, fridge, living room was good, pool and jacuzzi, etc.... THE only problem is the time share staff that are trying to sell their plans to you.  First off, they bribe you, giving you tickets for shows at a steal deal so you can just get a brief presentation to one of their timeshare benefits.  Well, let me tell you all, that they do not take rejection very well, even after politely declining, as previous guests said before they harass you into buying one of their timeshares.  At first, they are very friendly, walk you through the door and guide you, but after saying no, they are very, very rude and they didn't walked us back out of the room, giving us stares.  I never expected to be treated so bad afterwards, along with all my family members who attended the presentation too.
4	Everything is so...relaxed at Tahiti Village. Sure, there's a rec room, a gym, a spa, and even a lazy river on site, but its location off the strip makes it feel like a serene resort than a happening place (not a bad thing, mind you). Of course, the shuttle that goes to New York, New York and The Mirage makes it easy to get to the action.We hit a hiccup when we first got into our room, with a missing couch cushion and some stains on the carpet. However, management was completely understanding and gave us a different room at no charge. It's a different experience, but it's still worthwhile.
2	Stayed here for a week over the winter holiday. Overall a nice place, although we didn't use the pool or spa since it was pretty cold outside. The bank of barbeques downstairs was nice, and we did grill a couple nights. Really liked the shuttle to and from the strip...very convenient. HOWEVER, coming back from a grocery run one day, we forgot and accidentally left the car in the loading zone. Going from the building to the shuttle doesn't go through the parking lot, so we didn't notice until a couple days later. I was surprised to see they had put a bright yellow sticker on my window threatening to tow the car away. Our parking pass was on the car dash, so they could have EASILY given us a courtesy call to the room to say hey move your car. I know we shouldn't have left the car in the loading zone, I get it, but that's not the point. We were at the resort to relax and check out, so I'm not surprised it happened, and the LEAST they could do was say something. Instead they put that ugly yellow sticker on my window, and I couldn't peel it off. As soon as I saw it, I talked to the front desk and asked them to have security remove the sticker, since I couldn't. I explained how it happened and how frustrating it is they didn't bother to say something to us. It kind of soured our stay, and I felt like I didn't want to be there anymore. Kevin at the front desk seemed to understand completely, and said he would have security remove the sticker. The next day was Christmas, so when the sticker was still there, we let it go. The next day and the next, the sticker remained, and I finally had to use a razor blade once we got home to remove it. Our reservation number was on the parking pass, but they weren't willing to give us a heads-up. And when I asked them to remove the sticker they didn't. I am not interested in going back.
4	Stayed here from 1/10/2014 - 1/16/2014.  I had a Royal Tahitian suite that was great.  Very spacious and the kitchen/kitcheonette were great.  The shuttle is very convenient in running to the strip, although I wish it ran a little later during the week, and would have been nice to have taken it to the airport instead of paying for a cab.For the price, location, and amenities it was a good deal.  If you are looking to be in the middle of all the action, then this might not be the place for you. It is more geared to families, or those that dont mind utilizing the shuttle and or cabs to get around.I would definately stay here in the future. Staff was friendly and shuttle drivers were always prompt and courteous.  We took the shuttle to the grocery store one morning, and also did the Fremont street experience.  Not bad at all.
2	NIGHTMARE IN TAHITI ,First of all it was a decent room and the staff was nice to us ,so what's the problem? THIS, we were parked in what we thought  was an assigned parking space. It was around 9PM and I dropped off my wife so she would not have to walk  a long ,long,long way to the room. ( at least we didn't have luggage this time) The parking lot was empty AND I did not read the warning sign which I thought was a reminder that we are responsible for any articles left in car,next morning I came down and the van was gone.It was either stolen or towed.I checked and YOU GUESSED IT,THE HOTEL WE WERE STAYING IN ( as guests) HAD US TOWED.They said they called, but we were in the room and also no message was left.I called the towing company and the polite person on the other end said YEAH WE HAVE IT $255 AND BRING THE EXACT AMOUNT IN CASH CAUSE I AIN'T GONNA GIVE YOU ANY CHANGE BACK,We go to this 3 day trade show and now we spend a good part of one of them at a seedy tow location,due to the fact there was one person on duty taking care of someone that had his car towed by mistake but they wouldn't give is car back due to him not having his registration with him.(they acknowledged that he should not have been towed ) so we waited while the guy was through telling him about how he was going to kill him when he got off that night,then he finally went in yard and came back and told him he couldn't start it but wouldn't let the guy in the yard to show him how so they were at a stalemate  but so were we since he was the only one on duty.  It was good drama but not how we wanted to spend the day. He finally got to us and we were on our way for the 2 hours left of  that day of the show.OK I didn't see the sign so it's my fault,but come on,an empty lot ,if I was one space over there would have been no problem,they towed at 9:30 was there such an emergency to get me out of an empty lot ?(it was still empty in the morning) There was no evidence  of a phone call (the room number was on the dash). Why would a legitimate hotel use such a seedy tow company? Which made me think IS THIS THE ONE THAT GIVES THE BIGGEST KICK-BACK ?  Was it because we didn't attend the Time Share Meeting? This whole thing really made us angry but  we decided we were not going to let a small minded  hotel ruin our show experience.They no doubt do not care about customer service so no threat of lost business would even affect them, ( even so I will warn.the shows event planners and make sure to tell everyone that even mentions Vegas knows where not to stay)  But think about it this, IT MEANS they can treat you any way they wish with no fear of any loss.It may not be a parking issue but the end result will be the same.NO REAL CONCERN FOR THEIR GUESTS.YOU ARE JUST A NUMBER AND A POTENTIAL TIME SHARE PATSY.Thanks for helping me spread my message toward my $255 revenge.It does make me feel better.
5	My family and I have had the pleasure of staying at the Tahiti Village numerous times.  We even got married there on August 8, 2008!Our last stay this year was last week in building #5 for a 1 bedroom villa. Clean and very comfortable. Husband loves the steam room shower stall and I love the jacuzzi tub. From the time we checked in at the main concierge area to our building concierge it was smiles all the way. Alana, our concierge was so friendly and helpful with all the local tidbits. The other staff members were very professional and full of information too. Don't forget to purchase your show tickets from them. Almost half price! We will definitely be back.
5	My family and I stayed at Tahiti Village on New Years Eve weekend.  At first glance it looked just like your ordinary Holiday Inn hotel but when you get to the inside it was just as you expected from the name of the resort.  We had the two bedroom suite with the full size kitchens.  My family and I were really impressed with what we were accommodated with.  The lazy river on site was really warm being that we were there during the Christmas holidays.   At this thought I would recommend Tahiti Village to anyone who would like to have a home away from home experience.
5	Love the rooms, love the grounds, love the restaurant, love the pool! I was so in love with this place, I didn't even want to go enjoy the Vegas night life on the strip. I would live here if I could...enough said!
3	My husband and I enjoy coming here at least once a year. However, when I went to book our anniversary trip I noticed that  they no longer offer a discounted rate for guests who stay longer than three nights. I am pretty disappointed that this feature is gone and it will definitely be a deciding factor on whether we continue to stay here in the future.This resort is nice, but come on! It's not a smart business move to not reward loyalty!
2	The room itself was very big and spacious. It is easy to see why many families would choose to come here for vacation. The lazy river was awesome on a hot day and the big pool is relaxed and heated, so it is not freezing cold when you go out in spring. My only major issue with this resort was the service. Every night there were too many people for how many buses. And the bus drivers, particularly the asian man who drove nights was rude. And he would show up to the stops 5-10 minutes before the pick up times and he would stay the entire time even if the bus was completely full and there were 10-15 people standing outside of the bus... This happened every night that I went out. And on last pick up time there was ALWAYS people left at New York New York and the mirage. One night my boyfriend and I had to take a taxi because there was no room for us on the bus and one night we were picked up at the mirage and there was only 3 seats open for passengers one man told me he had walked to the mirage from New York New York because the bus before was also full. another night we saw a party of 7: 3adults and 4 children  were left at New York New York, many of the children very young and already falling asleep. The excuse that was given was always that this is a free service. Even though this is a free service, it is unfair that large families have to spend so much more money just to get a taxi back to the hotel where they have most likely already paid for a few rooms. Another issue I had with service was that I like to be warm when I sleep so I called the first night I stayed to get a blanket sent to my room. No one ever came. It is a good thing I had brought a sleeping bag. The following night I called the front desk again and then no one sent me a blanket so I walked to the front desk and asked if I could get a blanket they told me that they would have one sent to my room because they do not have any at the front desk. I went to my room and an hour later I still hadn't had received a blanket so I called another time and finally half an hour later I received a blanket.
3	We stayed at Tahiti Village through RCI exchange for a week 4/5-4/12 for Spring Break. The resort is really nice and well kept. The concierge we dealt with Elena in building 5: she was excellent and knowledgable. Talked to us about things to do and kid friendly shows. The reason for the 2 less star is because of the timeshare sales pitch given to us.  He was rude and kept cursing and talking about going down to the strip and snorting a row of cocaine.  I couldn't believe he worked in sales. I mean, blow smoke up our asses and try to make a sale but to be so unprofessional about it is just not right. When we told him we were already guest at the resort, he didn't believe us. He kept asking how the hell did we get in? He also accused us of not meeting the income requirements. How rude! Someone needs to give him proper customer service lessons, or fire him! He's not someone you want representing your company.
1	2 hours at the supposed Mirage stop waiting for a shuttle with an empty seat. .Each time being told another bus would be by in a few minutes. if you stay here don't rely on the shuttle for transportation. ..its clearly an unmanaged mess on the weekends and the weekend drivers are not nearly as professional as those during the week
1	THIS REVIEW WAS WRITTEN DURING THE SUMMER OF 2013..Like the resort, nice units, decent amenities, nice pool, but the luau, wow... I brought my families to Vegas' top restaurants, meaning Gordon Ramsay Steak and others, and then we went to the infamous luau, literally nothing more then a soup kitchen for the price of Caesars Palace world renowned buffet..  I almost lost my mind when I joined the long slow line of people for what most people would call cafeteria food.. Absolutely horrible. We have been to luaus in Hawaii and this wasn't even close.
5	This resort was great! The service was awesome, and it was the first time I could go to a pool and not feel like I had just walked in to some spring break nightmare. Don't get me wrong, there are bars in the pool area and the lazy river area but it is like an adult vacation. We had a fantastic, relaxing time. One of the things that I loved, too, was their consciousness that they are not ON the strip. They have free shuttles to the grocery store a few times a week, to a nearby outlet mall, and multiple shuttles everyday to and from two locations on the strip. The hotel amenities were great, and I could not ask for a better vacation experience in Las Vegas. We will be back!
5	The rooms are nice and really can be a home away from home. The resort is not in a terrible location but if you miss the shuttle I can only imagine the taxi fare you would have to pay .  I wish there was something on or near the property for adults at night without going all the way back to the strip but the pool, lazy river and restaurant on the property were great. If you like the strip, I would not recommend this place.  But if you are vacationing with the family and need a nice place to stay with all the comforts of home, this is definitely an option.
1	I had a get together for a friends birthday here with a total of ten people in the Royal Suite, we had drinks(Were over 21), music. About an hour into this get together we get a knock on the door and its security with the hotel manager Leah. They were very rude, they barged into our hotel counting all the people inside. They said the maximum people allowed in that hotel is eight and we only had a total of ten people. We were not told about this rule when we checked in not to mention they allow you to get as many keys as you want for the room! After they barged in and violated us and made us feel extremely uncomfortable they asked everyone to leave even myself( after paying $450 + cleaning deposit of $115). Hotel management had no reason to kick us out and she couldn't even give us a reason. After ten minutes of asking them why we were being asked to leave with no response they called Metro Police. They were threatening us that if we don't leave that metro police could arrest us (LOL), when Metro Police got there all they did was laugh at why we were being kicked out. Once we spoke to Metro, my friend and I got our stuff together and left.  Security and the hotel manager followed us out to our car (horrible hospitality) and made sure we left the property! That following Monday I called Corporate to get a refund, spoke to multiple people about what had happened and how we had every right to get a refund. After being on hold for almost twenty minutes and talking with the manager, they did not give us a refund because Hotel Management asked us to leave. A day later they charged me $250.00 to my credit card and did not return my deposit $100.00 (everything was clean, nothing was broken). PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME AND DO NOT STAY WITH THEM! THEY OVER CHARGE ON THESE ROOMS AND WILL FIND ANY WAY TO GET MORE MONEY OUT OF YOU! THIS HOTEL HAS THE WORST HOSPITALITY EVER AND CUSTOMER SERVICE AS WELL. CHOOSING THIS HOTEL WAS A BIG MISTAKE OF MINE. YOUR BETTER OFF STAYING AT THE GOLDEN NUGGET WITH A HUGE SUITE FOR THE SAME PRICE! THANKS FOR YOUR HOSPITALITY TAHITI VILLAGE! NEVER AGAIN.P.S I have videos of security and hotel management interrogating us, that will be posted on youtube
4	Great family spot  off the strip with easy access. We were able to get good discounts at the lobby desk and recommend it to any one looking for a spot off the strip.
1	We experienced a roach infested resort with bugs floating in the pool and scattering on the walk ways. Not a place to relax we moved to another resort to enjoy the pool and sun that was bug free.
2	The rooms are adequate. Beds are comfortable. Pools and lazy river are nice. The real annoyances with this place are the lack of service. As a constant rci points timeshare traveler I understand that you are left to vacation alone, which I prefer. At the same point they have multiple concierge desks that have one main function. Sell timeshare sales pitch. I normally ignore them but it says concierge. I expect something out of them even if I don't take the pitch. I finally gave in and it was the biggest mistake of my whole vacation. I wanted tickets to a specific show. The "concierge" told us that we can get them for $20 they're normally $130. The show was only playing that night and our last night. So we got hooked into the used car salesman "90" minute tour that took 2 1/2 hours of time from our lives. 1 hour of hard sales bs. Only to be told that they didn't have tickets to the Beatles cirque show but they recommend carrot top. We settled for terry fator tickets but after realized that's not the type of show we wanted to go to. So after paying $40 and wasting 2 1/2 hours we had to go back to the " concierge" and talk to a supervisor who gave us $100 in gift cards. It was like playing let's make a deal to get them. Point of this rant is I would gladly have just paid full price to go to the show I wanted to see. The hard sales tactics. Terrible concierge. Over loaded hot box of a shuttle. Take a place that can easily be a 3 1/2+ and ruin it. Rent a car. Plan your own trip and expect to have to request everything from more than 2 towel per room to toilet paper. And don't forget $35 plus tip to clean your room during your stay.
3	Unlike Heather, I will only give them a three star this time.  I used to give them a 5 and have even referred friends to them to become owners. As someone that bought BEFORE they even broke ground,  I can say that this stay was lack luster,  disappointing and frankly for the amount of money we pay to own here it was simply unacceptable. Aside from the issues that Heather mentioned,  I would also add that the majority of the rooms are now OUTDATED and in serious need of inventory and upgrades.   When the "boom box" in our room still had a CASSETTE player,  there is something wrong.  What are our maintenance fees going to? We didn't need a NEW bar when Tahiti Joe's was just fine. How about they use some of that money to make ALL rooms fully working and updated.Tahiti Management - I challenge you to keep up your end of the bargain and use the MAINTENANCE dues FOR MAINTENANCE. We were told that these HOA dues were to change out and upgrade the rooms periodically (when was the lady time anyone got upset because their CASSETTE TAPE player want working?).
1	This is going to be a very long review.  So to sum it up...1.  EXTREMELY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. 2.  Nice POOLS but they are VERY DIRTY and NOT SAFE.3. Don't ever attend their time share 90 minute presentation at no cost.  Maybe other locations but not here.  NOT WORTH YOUR TIME.4. This hotel may be a better hotel if they don't put so much energy into selling time share. I was looking for online deals to stay for one of the weekends in June when I found out about their free online marketing deal that offered three nights by attending 90 minute presentation.Our experience at Tahiti Village has been disappointment after another disappointment,  and how we were treated makes me write this comment so other people can not only take the free offer for any reason and ruin their vacation/valuable time. So when I was checking into the hotel, the front desk person's facial expression changed when he found out that I was checking in with the marketing deal.  I did not feel welcomed at all. At the time of making reservation I believe I was told we were getting a "gorgeous" one bedroom unit with full kitchen.  However, the room was not only NOT GORGEOUS AT ALL we found a half kitchen.  So I called to ask for one bedroom unit with full kitchen. The front desk person told me that he can not make any changes because the reservation people offered 1 bedroom Moorea not because there is no availability.  I told them that this was a big disappointment and settled with what we were offered. I was really looking forward to swimming because they looked really nice... but DON'T BE FOOLED BY THEIR LOOKS.   There were a lot of thing floating... including dead bees, roaches,  and some kind of white caterpillar/egg.....  also some real tiny white bugs...   So I took our kids out of water and took them to the sand area... only to find numerous bees in and out of the sand. I did not think that was safe at all because there were so many toddlers playing. Finally someone came over and told the parents that some people got stung by the bee last week so we should play on the other side... which was only about 2 yards away.  So I wonder what has been done since the last person got stung....   omg?But kids really liked it and we had to go back the next day only to find out that nothing has been changed.  I thought I would be happy to come back here for the swimming pools along but that was another disappointment. The next day I was scheduled to attend the time share presentation which is the highlight of our weekend trip. I had to find out everything on my own.  The reservation person told me that I will have the time scheduled upon arrival but the front desk person had no idea and told me to talk to the concierge.  No body contacted me regarding the time so the next day I checked with the concierge only to find out that they set up the presentation time on their own and told me to report on time. The way they said it made me very uncomfortable because the tone was as if you got your free accommodation so better not be late.  This was true but they need some training on making their customers feel comfortable and welcomed. The next day my husband and i went to the presentation about 15 minutes before the scheduled time.  When we set down with the sales representative named Guy we told him about am our experience and this guy immediately called supervisor and told him that we were extremely upset by blowing everything out of proportion.  Then his supervisor told us why were we are even here because we already own time share and asked us if we paid for our stay and my husband got upset and became louder the manager said " I will sign you the room  so what is the problem?" and walked away.  We were treated as if we were not capable of paying for our accommodation and came to the presentation when we already own other time share.  When my husband confronted him of how he is treating us the manager said that we are the ones who are mistreating him and again walked away.  At the end of the presentation which became extremely short we did not get our refund of $100 that I paid when the reservation was made because their computer was down.  The person who said this informed me that they sent me an email stating that we will get the refund the following Monday. We were so upset by then, after complaining more to another manager who was able to listen to us calmly we left. However the I still haven't received the email they told me they sent until now.   I am so ready to check out now.. just few more hours. I noticed that someone from this resort comments on their reviews.. I hope that person find my review and make some positive changes at tahiti village.  Happy customers return and you just lost a very valuable  potential time share owner whether you care or not.
1	Worst place to book especially having a time share with them. This happen to us twice. Don't EVER book with them In the middle of June when there is EDC and IBS that week, they will give your room away to someone else! First time they did that we was sent to another place with roaches, recently for the second time they gave our room away to someone else when we noted "late check in" and same thing again. Customer service is the worst always acting like that can't do it or fix it. I don't recommend this place to anyone unless you like bad customer service and roaches. Will never stay there again learn our lesson the second time.
2	The hide- a- bed in the coach is the most uncomfortable bed you will ever sleep in.  Bring your own air mattress if you must.  The smaller rooms will not accommodate a rollaway bed that would have  been more comfortable.  The pool and river get crowded.  We left the pool when the guards were searching for a chocolate bar.  I blame that on a guest but they should have cleared the pool and dumped chlorine into it.  The grounds are maintained reasonably well.
2	The good the bad the ugly. Well ill start with the good,  great value rooms are spacious clean and comfortable. Great value if your looking for a family freindly location. Now the bad, the resort is staffed with a bunch of inexperienced kids. Looks to me that the resort is being run by kids on summer break from school. When I checked in I had my reservation in hand with a confirmation number, the clerk had me wait for 45 minutes telling me I didn't have a reservation, even after I had fwd them the confirmation they had sent to me. Now the ugly. Bought tickets to there Sunday luau 4 tickets at 41 dollars a ticket. We waited 45 minutes in line to get in to stand in line for the worst meal I have ever been served in Vegas, this is bad cause I am a local and I have dined all over town. After we were served we had to stand up to eat our food because they oversold the event. We ended up eating on some broken patio furniture that I had to set up so my family could sit down to eat. The only beverages that were served were yellow and red water that I think was Kool aid but was so water down it was undrinkable. Desert consisted of caned fruit and pudding that they had no shame in displaying. The dinner entree was inedible I will be calling the hotel manager in the morning and writing a letter to the health department about my family dining experience. To summarize the resort stay great value if you can get pass the service. Great family atmosphere.  Horrible dining options, this is Vegas get out and explore.  VEGAS has a ton to offer
2	I experienced the same thing, except I did not stay. I left and demanded my money back. I spoke with manager Leea and she returned my money. The next day I spoke with the young teenager manager Camele and she told me that their was plenty of seating because she went to the event. She was a very good liar saying that their was plenty of seating. She did not know that I took a picture of the overbooked event, that will be posted. She then proceeded to tell me that Tahiti Village only listens to complaints from nice people insinuating that I am not nice. She would be great in timeshare sales! The staff is hit and miss with customer service. Most of the staff is very nice and courteous but they have a handful of bad eggs that make a very nice resort look bad. Upper management needs to be more tough with their standards.           I finally spoke with a actual manager and she was very nice and apologetic. She gave me a free meal for me and my family at their restaurant which was very good. She was very concerned and sincere about how I felt about our stay. I can not say the same for Camele and Leea, both of them are in management positions when they should not. They must know someone to be given a important task being the face of Tahiti Village. They have a communication problem. First , Camele is just rude and sarcastic at the expense of members. Next, Leea is just lazy, by not following up with guests. She would say that she would call at a certain time and then leave you waiting having no intention calling. She ask me to wait for her in the lobby at 9am and never showed up. I finally at 9:45  I went to the front desk asking where she was. She was in the back of the check-in leaving me waiting.           The deferred maintenance is too a problem. One of the outdoor grills had electrical wires hanging out the bottom. The elevator in building one had two elevators and one did not work for the first night we stayed. This caused very long lines to use the elevator. Being on the top floor, and going up the stairs was not pleasant. The working elevator makes loud eery knocking sounds while you are in it. If you are to stay make sure that you are in building five because it is newer and maintained. It was strange having to share the elevator with the maintenance staff with their large carts that take more then 50% of the space in the elevator. The resort has potential because the pools are top notch.          Make sure to bring your own toilet paper because they only gave one roll for four people at a one week stay. I was told you can just call each time that you need a roll but I find that to be demeaning to have staff ration toilet paper. It is more simple to go to CVS down the street and buy a package for 5 or so dollars. Also, I had to take out the trash because it did not smell well. They told me to just leave it in the hall way. Four hours later the trash was still in the hallway so I took it to the front to ask where I can find a dumpster to through away the the trash. Again the front reception still made it clear that they do not cater to guests. The receptionist told me that I can take the trash to the dumpster at Denny's. One of the bell hops saw the situation and ran to me and told me that "I could help you with that." He took the trash and was very good and I thanked him.          Again, at Tahiti Village they have phenomenal staff that bend over backwards to help and others that are horrible and need to be retrained. This company needs a consultant to help filter these bad eggs. These bad eggs will just destroy the reputation of the resort and when it starts to lose money they will leave and find another place to destroy.
4	spend my 4th of July weekend here was amazing the lazy river the pool the jacuzzi we're awesome!!!!!room was very clean and a lot of towels love the kitchen too!!!!!reason why I am giving it a 4 out of 5 was because the maintenance staff were slow my washer in my room was not working and It took about 1hr for some one to come up and fix it
2	The rooms are nice and the resort overall is clean. We spent a week here and not once was our room cleaned. We kept calling and asking but they never sent anyone. The staff looks like they hate their jobs and you feel it when you ask them for something. Won't be staying here again!
1	As an Owner of Tahiti Village since 2005, I am very disappointed that every time I call for a reservation for the last year I am unable to get the dates that I choose for any units due to the fact that now Tahiti village has over-sold units to Orbitz.  When looking for reservations through Orbitz I see numerous units available, which I understand that now they too are an owners, but owners do not have a constant reservation running for units.  I feel as an owner I was promised priority and I am no longer receiving priority.  When calling I was told that in order to get a reservation for my chosen dates I need to call and reserve 6 months to 1 year in advance this was never the case before they started selling to Orbitz. One of the selling points to be an owner was that owners could get weekend getaways with as little as one to two weeks notice.   I am paying a very high price when it would have been much cheaper for me to go through Orbitz because owners are no longer a priority.
2	Pros: Nice rooms, big pool, great working ACCons: Room far away from the entrance, water in shower barely got warm, unsafe elevator doors, parking, This is going to be mean, INCOMPETENT STAFF   My overall experience with the hotel was below mediocre, as indicated by my score. First, I arrived at the hotel and parking for check in was a NIGHTMARE. Granted, it was 4th of July weekend, but you would think they'd have adequate parking for the amount of people they'd anticipate for the holidays.   Second, the room they gave me was already taken even though they allegedly checked to see it was free. Apparently, there was a mix up and the room they were supposed to give me was not ready yet. How is that possible? I arrived at 4:30 pm when check in was at 3:00 pm. Plus, not only was check out NOT at noon it was at 10 AM! Five, COUNT THAT, 5 hours to clean a room. I even gave them an extra hour and a half before I checked in and it STILL wasn't flipping ready!? Ridiculous.   Third, the damn shower. No hot water, at all. It was a measly lukewarm. Might as well have been cold.   Fourth, parking made me want to cry.   Fifth, and this one's a doozy, the elevator doors are dangerous. DANGEROUS! A hazard! Why were the doors closing on me even as I was stepping in the middle of them! Where are the fucking motion sensors!To top it all off, those horrendous doors closed on my elderly grandmother and it made her fall on her face. Did the doors open up? NO! She was squished between them and they continued closing! They had to be pried open by not 1 but 2 people. Disgusting.    And the staff at the front desk? They need a lot of training. Or basic reading skills. If my room is booked or if you gave away my room, mark it off as taken! My family shouldn't have to show you which rooms are available so you give me the right one. Why are they doing your job for you?   Never will I stay here again. EVER. You want to experience Vegas? Stay somewhere else.
2	Am giving it a two star for the pool area ! But the service is horrible , we arrived from a 3 hour drive with my family we were all tired from the drive , we arrived and waited 35 min in line to check in with our room not being ready. We had to wait 2 hrs to get our room . They why do they have a check in at 4 if there not gonna have ur room ready ?! So frustrated . To make things even worse I had to ask if me room was ready and one of the management there was so Rude to me and my family , her name was "Lea " being a manager she could at least been more professional and understand that there guest come to have a nice relaxing vacation . She embarrassed me and was talking to me with a loud voice that other guest where looking at us . Even one guest went up to me and told me that was just wrong of her . She never apologize to me . I let her know that was gonna be the last time I will be going to her hotel and she just turned around and walked away. Mark my word I will never go back to there hotel. The only friendly people that I sow and would always greet me with a smile and a hello was the housekeeping crew !
2	The only charming thing about this hotel was the lazy river and pool (hence the 2 stars). The AC was not really working. There was BLOOD STAINS on the floor of my room and when I called to have someone inspect the floors NO ONE CAME! There were stains on the sheets and the bathroom had grime all over the shower area. The shower water never delivered hot water and the tub was quick to fill with water (even though I was taking a shower).  Did I mention that when my party arrived (we reserved a block of rooms = 6 total booked months in advance) we were given keys to rooms that had people already in them! I also see that others had similar issues with the elevator doors. I was hit multiple times by these doors and if I were a child or elderly THIS could easily be a reason to sue. Not coming back here...EVER
4	Very nice property, nice pool, gym, cafe.  Visited for my bf wedding.  We really enjoyed the property.
1	The actual booking experience was terrible - literally wasted hours trying to get the correct reservations over a course of several days & phone calls with supervisors.  Arrived early (10 am) and attempted to check in early - as originally requested,  to be told our rooms weren't ready.  Came back after using the pool for a couple of hours & they still weren't ready.  We had to shower and get ready for the wedding in another guests room  that was also staying there & got their room on time.  The manager told me she would comp part of our stay for both rooms & we waited for the call during our entire stay, and never received a follow up.  My father went back at 4 PM to get a room key- and was told the room still wasn't available.  Finally got our rooms situated and headed off late to the wedding ceremony.During our stay there were large cockroaches in the outdoor bbq/pool areas.  One evening in our room my husband felt something on his back - and there was a cockroach crawling across the couch & his back.  Our TV didn't work - a call was made to have it fixed, but no one ever came to rectify the situation.  The room was never cleaned (stayed 3 nights) and when we asked about housekeeping they said there was a charge to have the rooms cleaned.  We were told to leave our trash in the hallway - and when we did they took our trash cans and didn't bring them back.  I have never stayed in a resort where the rooms weren't cleaned.  especially when preparing food, etc. to have a dirty kitchen for 3 days is unacceptable.  It's no wonder there are roaches in this facility.  The desk staff was basically useless & their only response to our many complaints was that this is a"timeshare" not a hotel.  Checkout was a disaster.  I still haven't received my credits or a receipt for that matter.  I was told the credit would be issued & a receipt emailed.  Still nothing 24 hrs later. I will never return here or purchase a timeshare as originally planned. Terrible service.TV in living room of our 1st unit did not work - no one ever came to service it as requested.We requested additional pillows - housekeeping called in the middle of the night after we were already asleep to ask us if we still needed pillows, instead of bringing them as requested.Bathroom door lock in Moorea unit didn't work.  Wifi didn't work on any of our devices.
2	Big & roomy 1 BR suite with washer/dryer.  Great for weekly stay.  Fun lazy river & pool - lots of b-ques.  On the flip side - on check in/out days nearly impossible to get an elevator to the gym.  And, the rooms are a tad dark/low lighting.A overall good value, though.Revision....horrible gym.  Most machines not working - lousy selection - no bench - no free weights.
5	If you ever bring the family to Vegas and don't mind staying close to the strip, this is the place to stay!  No smoke-filled environment, excellent pool/lazy river and the basic suite/kitchen was still above what I expected.  Two malls within walking distance and restaurants all over the place made it even better.  I'm a picky traveler and was impressed with this place.
4	We had a wonderful time no problems and staff were very friendly. We tried to extend our stay from four nights to seven but they were booked up solid. Shuttle was excellent with grocery runs and trips to the strip. We will be back !!!
4	We spent 3 nights and 4 days here, clean and homey! Loved the lazy river and shuttles to Tropicana and Mirage.
5	I was impressed when we first entered the lobby. Since then my family was very satisfied with our stay. We were only going to stay 5 days but ended up a whole week.The front staff were very accommodating by upgrading us to a full kitchen. Restaurant was perfect for family. Nothing fancy and priced rightBest part was lazy river and pool. Could literally spend all day there. Plenty of chairs to relax.When you want to spend time on the strip the shuttle ran all day and dropped you off either at the Tropicana or the Mirage.We don't visit Las Vegas often, but would definitively recommend this resort if you want a family environment and love hanging at the pool. Once you in the complex you felt you were in a tropical environment.One negative would be the elevators during check-in time was crowded as we didn't have an option to use the stairs.
5	Our whole stay was excellent!Felt like we're at home. The two bedroom suite with kitchen, dining rm, laundry,  etc. Just completed what a family needs!
5	I am an owner at this property since 2006 and we love everything about it; I have to be honest we are completely spoiled by staying here haha! I would never ever stay anywhere else except at the Tahiti Village Resort & Spa; I don't even care if it's the most luxurious property, resort or hotel in the middle of the strip because this place is honestly a 10 out of 10 star/A+ property, is located ON the strip just a tip away from the hustle and bustle, and one of the most fun and relaxing resorts around and I am not over exaggerating! We have been coming here every single year since 2006 and are always excited to be here year after year! This year we stayed for 8 days, 7 nights in a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom Bora Bora from 8/17/14 - 8/24/14 and we had an awesome, relaxing, and amazing time! The room is super large (971 square feet with a balcony) and has a full kitchen, large bathroom with steam shower, dual vanities, and jacuzzi spa tub, washer/dryer, living room, queen sofa bed, dining table, king bed in master bedroom, 2 TV's, full refrigerator with freezer, dishwasher, sink, all cookware and dishware provided with utensils, toaster, blender, stove-top with oven, etc... From the moment we arrived to the time we left, we had absolutely no problems and were treated with care, honesty, first class superior service, and everyone working there really care about the guest experience! We got early check in at 1:30 P.M. and got room number 5654 (Tower 5, 6th floor facing the astonishing lazy river and the breathtaking views of the Las Vegas strip and the whole Las Vegas Valley)! Free Wifi internet access is also available in the room and selected public areas including the lobby. Vernon Pierce and Fredrika (Erica) Anduyan helped us out throughout our whole stay and they are just amazing, caring, and honest people! They really care about your experiences and will help you out at anytime with as many requests and questions you may have. They are so nice, helpful, and very respectful, thank you so much! The shuttle service was super convenient and drops/picks up at the Tropicana Hotel + Mirage Hotel. They come about every 20-30 mins and are always on time, we never had a problem. The drivers work really hard and are amazingly nice people! We had a great time on the strip! I highly recommend people visiting all of the hotels as each place is a different experience, there are lots of free trams on the strip to save you walking outside in the hot sun, endless places to eat, shop, gamble, etc..., the best buffets we liked were the Aria Buffet and the M Resort Buffet (this one is off the strip located in Henderson, NV but is still located on Las Vegas Blvd.), definitely visit the Hershey Store, M&M World, Coca Cola Store, etc...There is a new place opened called the Linq and High Roller (great place to be). Don't miss the Bellagio Water Show and Mirage Volcano Show. There are so many things to do on the strip day and night so definitely have a plan. The nightlife is also so much fun anywhere you go either if it's outside or inside. If you like to party, don't forget to hit the nightclubs as well! The shuttle runs Sun-Thurs from 9:00 A.M. - 12:00 A.M. and Fri.-Sat from 9:00 A.M. - 1:30 A.M. We also took advantage of the Red Rock Canyon Tour (Amazing place - A must see!) on Tuesday (only $5.00/person - the tour is from about 8:00 A.M. - 11:00 A.M. every Tues and Wed) and we also went to Fremont Street Experience on Wednesday (absolutely FREE, no charge per person - we were picked up from Tahiti Village at 7:00 P.M. and picked up from Fremont at 10:00 P.M. - this experience is available every Tues and Wed and Mon (seasonal)) The lazy river is so relaxing with amazing waterfalls and the tubes are free to use as well, we love it and the large swimming pool + sandy beach area and family spa is so nice. There is also an adult only spa (18+) as well. There are so many BBQ grills that you can use for free and lots of tables, chairs and umbrellas to eat outside, relax, eat and just enjoy your vacation. The island courtyard is huge and there is a luau every Sunday during the summer season from 7:00 - 10:00 P.M. (We didn't attend it but I've heard people really enjoy it). We also got late check-out at 11:00 A.M. and parking is free as well outside or inside the huge parking garage. There is also across the street endless options to eat and shop at the outlet center and the whole complex outside as well. We love Chipotle, Buffalo Wild Wings, and Panda Express. There is also a new Wiki Wiki Shop opened on the property with a nice quick stop to eat, get something to drink, shop, etc... A new restaurant also opened on the property called 17 Degrees South Booze and Bites and it's a great place to eat, drink, hang out, etc... Overall we had an amazing time this year and can't wait to be back next year and future years to come! I would recommend this place without any hesitation and will let all my friends and family know to only stay here!
3	Stayed here for a bachelorette weekend. The moment we drive up from our drive the bell boy told us (with some attitude) that we could not unload our luggage onto a bell cart. We would have to park, check-in, get back in the car, drive up and then at that point they would check our luggage. So we did that, then asked the bell hop for a luggage cart to our room. He told us to park at the curb and "someone would be right out." We waited for 20 minutes and they never came. At that point we drove ourselves to our tower to unload our stuff and do it ourselves. My friend who had connected us with the hotel was furious at the lack of service and went to the front desk and finally got someone to help us up to the room. The whole check-in ordeal took about an hour and a half.The rooms were great, very clean, wonderful kitchen. Showers/bath were amazing. Balcony, lots of towels and pillows. The pool is awesome, lazy river is a great time. Lots of families/kids. There are bbqs you can use. They serve drinks/food right to you poolside. However..NO room service. They have a restaurant that delivers to the pool, but not the room. How does that work? So we had to go pick up our food from downstairs, no big deal though. Upon checkout we of course tried calling for a bellman. Called for one, waited over a half hour, called them back and said we will just do it ourselves since these guys obviously cannot be burdened with our requests.The service is the reason I only gave 3 stars. The bell service here needs to get a reality check. When people pay to visit here on vacation, they at least expect someone to help move their luggage upstairs. Also, lose the attitude, this is your job. Sorry to inconvenience you with things you should already be doing for customers.Everything else however was great, but I won't be returning.
4	This probably more a 3.50 but dont have that choice.  I booked here on a recommendation from a friend.  Wanted a suite and it was the right price.  We stayed last week Tue-Thurs so I got a pretty darn good deal for $90 a night after fees and such.  I will say all the things I LOVED about it first and then the negatives.  The Lazy River was my favorite part and regret only being able to spend one day in it. Have adults only spa.  The staff was friendly.  The Morea Room was comfortably small meaning that it was enough for two but anymore would be crowded.  Room and linens were clean.  There is a Dennys on site so that was easy for breakfast.  It is about 1/2 mile at the end of the strip so nice to getaway from the temptation of the casinos.  Concierge offers help and great discounts for entertainment.  Free parking.  In room safe with key was nice to have to keep valuables.   Free wi-fi.  Downsides.... there is no turn down/daily cleaning service unless you want to pay $25+ a day to have it.   You can request clean towels/sheets.  The carpets need replacing.  They are worn and horribly thin.  No padding whatsoever.  Your child would be crying if he fell on it.  The elevators need replacing as well.  The doors have scrapes on them because they are not aligned correctly and make this horrible noise.  Plus, we had some issues getting unto our floor correctly because it would skip floors so you had to keep pressing it.  A cleaning person that was riding with us says it happens all the time. Parking is limited late at night.  We usually had to park far from our room.  They have an empty lot for overflow off to the side but does not really feel safe because it is not well lit.  I would not feel comfortable as a woman alone to park there after a night of gambling with major money in my purse. Noise level is not good and I thought that it was due to  thin walls but nope, it was the 1/2 inch gap under the door so i heard other guests often.  It was not just background noise but could clearly hear peoples conversations. Telephone did not work, would not dial out even to front desk.  Plugs in bad places and one did not work.  Awkward light switches on lamps in bedroom.  No wall switch.  Sink is VERY small so you cannot put a lot on it. Note that this is a timeshare property and they will pitch you.  With that said, i am shocked that they dont fix these small things I mentioned.  It tarnishes the image of the property.  Its like they try real hard on the outside but then slack off on the small details which add up to be alot.  It does not entice me to "own" it with such poor maintenance.    I would definitely stay again just for the lazy river BUT only for less than $100 a night.  Was looking at planning a weekend getaway soon and they want $150 a night and that is just too much for this with competing choices elsewhere on the strip.
5	Was really nice hotel I like and my friend and me will come back again was super crazy long weekend 8-28-14 / 9-1-14 great memories
5	Loved this place nice near clean .. Staff friendly .. Rooms spacious I would love to come back
1	Will never come back... my husband and I bought a small package from a time share to "get the feel" of time share vacation since we always travel. Our first stay here wasn't too bad my only complaint then was how out dated the bathroom was. We came back only because we are locals and loved the main pool.  My first complaint... our room is a ridiculous distance from the parking garage. Not convenient at all. Secondly the bathroom shower/tub has glass door which I hate because it's tight, it had green and black mold around it someones hair and more gross grim. Third the refrigerator was almost warm and had no dial to turn it up. The rooms we have been put in are worse than the hotels we've stayed in. Honestly for the price per night compared to where we've stayed in the past this place is a rip off.  I guess if you're ok with half ass cleaning and old smelly furniture then this place is right for you.
5	This resort went above and beyond meeting our expectations! We just returned home from our first stay here, and will now make this our regular Vegas spot. The grounds are lush and beautifully maintained. The pool and lazy river were relaxing and fun. Staff was friendly and attentive, for example: during our stay our toddler discovered electrical outlets for the first time. Of course this worried us, so we called maintenance to see if we could get some tape to put over them that would keep her little fingers out. Maintenance was in our room with in minutes, they took the plates off all the outlets, taped them, then put the plates back on and taped them again. That was so appreciated! I can't say enough good things about Tahiti Village. The only thing we found unfavorable was the sofa bed was uncomfortable for an average adult, but I've never met a comfortable one in my life. Fortunately we had read that in a review before, so we came prepared with memory foam. If you are considering visiting this resort, you should, you will not be disappointed!
3	First thing to address is the whole time share situation.  This is feedback for the management.  We arrived Thursday after a very long day and drive. All we wanted to do was check in and rest before we decided where to go out for dinner. Upon arrival we were redirected to the concierge after checking in to receive our parking pass. That turned out to be about 15 mins of the concierge signing us up for a timeshare info session that we were pretty obviously not interested in. She then proceeded to try to get us to purchase tickets for the Beatles Love show, which wasn't the worst idea but she was already asking us if the 7:30 show on saturday would work for us. I had to stop her and ask for clarification because I was confused about what was happening.  She then stated that if we go to the 2 hour timeshare meeting we can go see the beatles show for $50 but we had to decide then and there, and she was getting ready to book our tix. Again, we had just walked in the door and we weren't prepared to commit to anything 48 hours from then when we didn't even know where we wanted to eat dinner 2 hours from then. She then offered us other comps instead after I explained that we'd likely want to go somewhere to watch the fight saturday night and couldn't commit to a show. She signed us up for the timeshare meeting the next day and now we were trying to figure out how to get out of that. Meanwhile they have you do a $20 refundable deposit to commit you to attending the timeshare meeting and of course you don't get your comps until after you attend the 2 hour meeting.  Anyway, we managed to tell them the next day that we really were not interested in a timeshare at this time and would like our refund. They gave it  to us without much hassle. As they were refunding us our money we could overhear a man yelling at the concierge staff that they just wasted 2 hrs of his day and all he wanted was his refund.A better strategy would be anything other than what they are doing now. Welcome your guests warmly, offer them a free complimentary drink upon arrival, mention the timeshare option via a pamphlet that they receive at some point during their stay and comp them a meal or appetizers...plant seeds...don't come across desperate or overbearing because that's how you lose business.  Otherwise our stay was mostly pleasant even though the smell of cigarettes was a little overwhelming, but that's pretty consistent in all of Vegas. The lazy river is by far, hands down, the best feature of the resort. The gym was ok, although the machines could use a serious upgrade. I would like to return in the future but the check in experience left such a bad taste that it was quite the turn off.
4	We had a great experience at this hotel, the service was excellent, but if u can upgrade to the deluxe room, u will not be sorry, great location, private entrance to the terminal
4	Checking in was abit slow even though there was several receptionist standing there.  I think customer service class refresher will be beneficial for them. The place was nice and its very relaxing.  The lazy river was wonderful.  They need to stretch out their hours for convenience especially in the evening.  Checking out was a little inconvenience.  Gotta go all the way to front desk. At times there was no receptionist present on tower 5 bldg.
3	I probably have a different view than some since I own at this timeshare resort. Here are some of the pros and cons.CONS:  The hardest bed I have ever slept in. My room had a full kitchen and there were knuckle marks in the refrigerator as well it was obvious someone kicked the door to the bedroom, it was poorly repaired. Also, the on site restaurant, Booze & Bites, charges a 20% automatic gratuity, even for a party of one, and on the alcoholic beverages. There is not a posting anywhere in the restaurant or on the menu. Also, be aware that they charge the 20% on the full amount if you attend "Happy Hour." What was sold to me as a private retreat for owners only has turned into a hotel.PROS:  The on site spa was fabulous, I booked a hour deep tissue massage. The food was good at Booze & Bites. The sundry store sold quick food, the muffins and sandwiches were really good. The pool and hot tubs were well maintained and the grounds were beautiful.  The free Fremont Street Experience that you could sign up for with the concierge was a lot of fun. They provide shuttle service that is timely and you can currently be dropped off at the Tropicana or Mirage.TIPS:  If you want to save a couple bucks on beverages to keep in you room, walk two blocks south to the gas station, it is about half the price of the resort.  Right across the street from that gas station is a Premium Outlet Mall. Well worth the walk, they had great sales.Hope this helps to make a decision as to whether to stay here.
5	I love it here, the grounds are beautiful.  The pool is big and there is a lazy river.  As a bonus there is an adult only jacuzzi.  All of the employees are super nice and friendly.  There is also a 24 hour Denny's.  The store has sandwiches and coffee...even sunscreen if you forget.  There is also a complimentary shuttle to the strip.  In addition there are several bbq areas so you can have a cook out.
4	Perfect place to stay. Close enough to the strip to enjoy the action but far enough away to enjoy quiet time. Very clean grounds and the pools are a delight.A special THANK YOU to Christine and Mayerlyn (hope I spelled your name right) at the front desk. Christine, you have a smile and a way with people that make them feel relaxed upon arrival. Mayerlyn, thank you for going that extra step to make sure our room was cleaned after a five hour wait (the only reason the place doesn't get five stars from me is housekeeping is a nightmare). I wish you both all the success in the world.Oh yes, we will be back!
1	Check in is 4pm check out is at 10am. We got the bora bora suite and the refrigerator didn't work. We called to get it fixed but no one went to fix it. After the first call they never answered the front desk again. We were unable to contact any staff via the rooms phone. I went down to talk to someone. The guy said he'd be right back and walked away. I literally stood in the lobby waiting for 30 minutes. If you plan on checking in earlier, forget about it. Check in is at 4. ( strictly enforced). If you're a younger couple or have kids, forget about it. Old folks only. And it's not on the strip, but it is conveniently right under the flight path for the airport.
4	A superior stay compared to the run down Wyndham Desert Rose Resort, which is not even a real resort. However, it's the only family sized place near the Mandalay Bay Convention Center, and for some bizarre reason gets great reviews. No one should stay at the Desert Rose until after a remodel... Meanwhile, THIS hotel actually deserves good reviews.Great location, only a stone's throw down the street from the excellent Las Vegas Blvd Whole Foods (one of the best in the nation) and the locals oriented Town Square shopping center. And not much further down is the Mandalay, Luxor, etc. The north end of the strip.Again, this is a real resort. Maybe not quite as posh as the ones aimed more squarely at adult audiences in Vegas, but this is a great place for the entire family. Even some adults go alone or with other adults (but keep in mind, if you should at least like or not mind children to stay here happily).Enormous sized, family friendly pool with beach. If memory serves, quite like the pool at Hard Rock, minus the cabanas. Adult beverages for full grown humans, should that be your thing. They'll even turn a coconut into a monkey looking thing in which to hold your beverage... and when it's done, it bizarrely doubles as a coin bank. hahaha :)Lazy river adventure!All kinds of scheduled activities every day from bath bomb making to rainmakers. All included.A couple of movie nights a week.Free airhockey! Adults love this one, too.Shuttle bus to the Tropicana and Mirage. On weekend, to Town Square, too.Modest $13 a day resort fee which includes everything, including wifi. So you don't get any big surprises on your bill. In fact, I think the only "surprise" was I got was a damage deposit, which is returned at the end. But that's even too surprising.I had the gorgeous, nearly 1000 sq foot Bora Bora room for almost embarrassingly little money. It had a dining table for four, seating for 3 at the kitchen bar, a nearly full scale kitchen, two decent sized TVs and an entertainment center, comfortable King bed, sofa bed, jetted tub and even a steam shower -- much like the ones they have for the posh suites you get for the Sundance Festival in Park City. Really nice!Simply superior in almost every way compared to places like Residence Inn (Marriott has gone far downhill, anyway), and even the better family friendly brands such as Hyatt House and Homewood Suites.The steam shower only comes with the larger rooms, but I recommend it highly because it's hard to stay well hydrated in Vegas. There's nothing quite as hydrating as massively humid air, which is why you can get away with drinking so little water -- yet still feel like a fish -- in places like Florida.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 for a couple of reasons this property could easily fix with time:1. It took several hours to get our room. They said they'd call or text when ready, but we never received a message and checked back in at their recommend time of 4pm. When they gave the room to us, it wasn't described as on the tin. At all. No jetted tub, no steam shower, aged carpet. Different look entertainment system than in pictures. (still superior to the Wyndham "Resort" I stayed at for a Mandalay Bay Convention Center trade show, however!)It took maybe a additional hour to exchange for the proper room. Due to the size of the property, I think it took until 6 or 6:30 to really get our stuff in.So check in was a bit of a pain in the butt. They were nice the whole way along, but time is time. I'm not in Vegas forever, and I have things to do.1b. Conversely, they make you check out really early. 10am. That can be difficult if you have an injured member of your party (my hubby is partially disabled), which more and more common as America gets progressively sicker from crap quality food, pollution, etc. Why it's 10am, when I mostly see cleaning people not in the morning -- but mostly after 1pm, I don't know. I even see cleaning folks at 4, 5 and 6pm. It would've made more sense if I saw cleaning people hustle earlier. I think they could adjust this, or at least SELL later checkouts for more $$. As long as the price isn't too crazy, I'd be happy to pay.2. The steam shower smelled awful when first opening it. Kind of like old sewage. Yuck!I had a small ozonator in my car that I keep in there for chemical spills at work. So I wouldn't have to wait for maintenance to do basically the same thing, I aimed that at the shower and used it twice on a timer while we were out. No more problem. I'm guessing they get this odor because there's no venting in the shower itself. So please, everyone, please keep the shower door open when you're done. Closing it after using steam will breed some really bad bugs.All in all, a great place. Certainly worth more than they often ask it, but I understand how competitive this market is here. I just hope next time I stay that it's easier to get the room I signed up for, that's all.
4	After booking and then reading the neg reviews I was concerned. My wife and I had a great time here for four days.If you are expecting this to be a hotel, you may be disappointed. The main business is the time shares. There is a tropical theme but you won't find tropical music in the lobby or the smell of tropical flowers. There is a laid back atmosphere. The employees are not dressed very tropical either. One employee was listening to her own music vs the lobby music. Personal items like a bag of chips or a motorcycle helmet are sitting right behind the counter where the employee keyboard is. So why would I suggest this resort? The relaxed check-in employees did a great job and were very pleasant. They have a conveniently located loading/unloading zone on the side of the building close to the rooms. The parking structure is large and we'll located. I reserved a room with a kitchenette. It is nice to have a refrigerator which most Vegas hotels don't have. The toaster, blender, microwave silverware etc give a lot of options for eating. The room is large. Actually it is two rooms with two televisions. The couch is a sofa sleeper. The shower tub did slowly fill. I don't think it was due to the drain. The shower head is not low flow. There is so much water flowering out it easily overwhelms the drain. I mean there was tons of water coming down.One of the big pluses is that the rooms have central AC. I hate the noise of the window type AC units at other hotels turning on and off all night is very annoying. The room cleaning is every four days. If you need towels or toilet paper, they will deliver it to the room. I am not a fan of people coming into my room. I sleep in and don't mind this. If you want daily cleaning, it is available for a fee. The pool is large and we'll planned. Imagine seven round pools all connected to a larger pool in the center. One of the seven pools is a sand beach. This is where the children and their parents build sand castles. The children stay in that area and the water near there. Four of the seven pools have a one foot area where reclining chairs sit in the water before the stairs leading into the swim area. I sat in one by a waterfall and had lunch delivered. One of the pools doesn't have the chair area. The last of the seven pools has a nice volleyball net across it. The pool depth is 3.5feet deep except the volleyball pool which is 4.5 our 4 feet. There is a bar with food available. $200-$300 cabanas are not offered or needed. There are plenty of shade areas and umbrellas for free. The Lazy River in a separate area from the pool is the longest in Vegas. The tubes are free to use. The float is the greatest. Waterfalls and several fountains along with thick lush and we'll maintained vegetation give a Disneyland feel. I enjoyed jumping into the Jacuzzi for a bit before rejoining the float. The Jacuzzis are open 24/7. The pools and Lazy River are well heated to a very comfortable temperature. There are several bbq areas that have about 6 well maintained  gas bbqs for use. These are great social areas. We used the free shuttle bus that will drop you off at the Tropicana or Mirage. This is a very nice 40-50 person bus. The buses are at the stops every 30 minutes. I opted for a $14 cab ride back. Bottom line, if you are a Hard Rock Hotel party type of person, go there. We are are planning a family reunion here in the future.
2	This review is for 17 Degrees S.The experience we had was not good.  We watched other servers visit their tables to inquire about taste, needs, refills etc. and we got visited 2 times after placing our order with our server.  After our food was delivered it took the server 15-20 min to see if there was anything else we needed with our meal.  We were served what tasted like rancid ranch dressing judging by the dry, bubbled film on top.  Luckily the expo brought us condiments before leaving, otherwise we would have been left staring at each other over cold food before our server arrived.  The food was great for what we ordered.  The $5 Beer & App special was great.  The hot dogs were all-beef dogs in buttered-grilled buns with dill relish and fresh onions.  The nachos were beautifully dressed with cheese, sour cream, green onions, tomatoes, and black olives, and the tavern fries were seasoned.  The draft Coors Light was delicious.  There are wonderfully placed flat screens through out the bar and patio that were playing the Thursday Night Football game.  The ambience was warm and inviting and would have been a fantastic experience with the exception of our service.
5	Had a wonderful week long stay during the month of October.  This resort seems to have something for everyone. Enjoyed everything about the place. Plenty of room at the pool, hot tub open to adults 24/7 and rooms were fresh and clean.  Lazy river is designed more for kids than adults and was a little chilly in October.  Noticed people of all ages and families enjoying themselves.  Resturant  on site was good little pub.  There is transportation to the strip although we didn't need to access it.  Lots of in house activities listed for kids and adults. Close to the airport but could not hear planes in our unit.  We used it as part of a time share deal so I was not aware of fees or other restrictions.  Could have used a little more help around the pool bar.
2	Normally, I would say this is a great resort. We have stayed here in the past and like it here. However, BIG epic fail this morning Tahiti Village! We normally enjoy this resort and am currently staying here for 1 month, but your emergency response team seams to be non-existent. The Fire alarm went off around 7:30 this morning with an announcement telling us to evacuate the building.  I went to the lobby and it appeared to be 'business as usual' to you guys. The staff had no idea what was going on. One girl was checking in new guests and a man at the other desk was still signing people up for timeshare tours - both were VISIBLY UPSET when we scrambled over and started asking them about the emergency. Both brushed us aside and said, "I'll get to you after I finish with this guest". It was obvious something was wrong as every occupant from our building was in the lobby. As of this writing, I still have not seen no nor heard from anyone regarding the emergency...and it's 8:04! I looked for a security person and didn't see one. All of the guests are just assuming it's safe.......where is our 'All Clear' announcement Tahiti Village?  BIG. HUGE. EPIC. FAIL.
3	We were happy with the accommodations.  1-bedroom suite was large and pretty clean. They told us the wrong hours for the pool while checking in so when we went to use it...it was closed.  Unhappy child.  Then the next morning my keycard stopped working and we got locked out of the room. There 4 housekeepers on our floor and none of them would let us in. I tried to call the front desk, but the phone by the elevators was broken. Finally I got into an empty  room, used the phone 10 minutes later they answered!  No joke. They sent someone up after another 10 minutes.  Oh, and the maintenance carts being pushed over the cobblestone entryways after midnight woke us up repeatedly both nights. It's not a real hotel and it shows. Customer service is not a priority.
2	My husband and I just stayed here.  We were in Vegas for short stay celebrating our anniversary  we honeymooned in Tahiti so we thought this would be nice. The rooms and big and clean but the atmosphere is very underwhelming  I would not recommend this for anyone staying for only a few nights (seems like there were a lot of people there with time shares).Pool hours are short. 10-4:30. We were stoked for the lazy river and pool and had to rush to get it done before check out. The hot tub is open late.I was less than impressed with the staff.  we checked in and got our room key only to walk into an occupied room!! It was horrifying! I got about three steps into the room before realizing it was very much inhabited. There was a laptop and other belongs out and the tv was on.  We called the front desk from the hotel wing (we were not offered bell hop service and did not want to carry all our items to the front desk).  The response was slow and apathetic, he kept telling us to check in at the front (which we had!).  Finally he realized we were given the wrong room.  He then asked if we wanted new keys... We waited about 20 minutes for him to bring them to us and when he did he apathetically stated "this doesn't happen a lot"....Not the Vegas stay we were hoping forward to so if you are in town for just a short stay, I recommend you look further.
5	My girlfriend and our friends had all recently turned 21, so we wanted to go for the weekend. As college students it is hard to find something great in our price range. In the end we booked a moorea suite for under 300 for the weekend.The room was awesome with enough space for the four of us and offered privacy in the bedroom. The kitchenette was awesome and had everything we needed with the microwave for food and fridge for our alcohol. The staff was awesome and helpful, but I didn't need a whole lot from them. The option for late check out was a life saver. The free shuttle allowed us all the ability to drink freely on the strip. The 24 hour adult hot tub was great in the middle of the night as well. No complaints on cleanliness. We didn't get a chance to try the pool or lazy river, but both looked nice! The 17 degrees south bar was a nice convenience, but the food menu was limited. The on site dennys was great at 2 in the morning. Overall the hotel is great, and I have no complaints at all.
5	Can't complain. We decided to stay here based ons a couple recommendations from friends-- we usually stay up on the strip and quite honestly we hadn't even heard of Tahiti Village before this year.We stayed for 6 days/5 nights in a Bora Bora room. We arrived in a little bit early. It were surprised the hotel was able to accommodate us an allowed early check in.  Awesome service front desk!We were referred to the concierge desk which wanted to sell us tickets to shows we didn't want but when we said no thanks they totally accepted it, gave us some coupons and sent us on our way. The concierge desk was very helpful throughout our stay with information,  printing our show tickets and calling cabs when needed. These guys are great!We used the shuttle service on the first day to head down to the Food for Less so we could make meals at home, and the shuttle driver was super friendly and that was an easy shopping trip.  The shuttle also takes you up to the strip, and a few other trips-- they give you a printout of times and locations and it's totally worth it.The lazy river and pool were nice-- the pool a little "chilly" but the lazy river was heated perfectly. Although in the winter they have more limited hours (10-4:30) it was still nice to float for a few hours in the sunshine.The room was comfortable (minus the hideabed couch-- which seemed pretty worn and no matter where you sat, it seems you'd roll into the middle) nice bed, bath, kitchen and living space. The balcony had a table and chairs and the way it was set up, although we didn't have a view, it felt private and comfortable.They offer late checkout for a fee (ours was $35) but it gets you an extra 4 hours which was nice.Overall this place is great and we'll definitely be back sometime. It was a reasonable cost, great service and nice accommodations.
4	Had the location been closer to the strip the rating would have been 5*.  The rooms are nice and clean, the staff was nice, the kitchen saved me a few $ because I made my own breakfast.  When the strip continues a few more miles to th he south this place will rock.  One really cool amenity that I did not use was outdoor grills you can use to cook your own steaks or burgers or fish.  Another that I did not use but wish I had was the lazy river.If you stay here rent a car, valet parking is just a tip away and a taxi to almost anyplace will cost you a minimum if $10 each way. Vegas taxis are not chesp.
4	The Good: we stayed 4 days, 3 nights in Tower 5. Rosa Gomez was our "hostess" who is a super pro and extremely nice. Had a smaller room, half kitchen on 10th with a beautiful view of the strip. We felt the room and overall service and stay is worth a return.The Bad: African American gentleman handling parking, IMO was not hospitable and pleasant. Asked about pricing his response "We don't do that here, check in does  that". His tone and dismissive demeanor wasn't appreciated and could have been said better. LR TV was smaller than I'd like and the occasional rumbling of planes but I'm being picking at this these points.
5	Just love this place, we purchased this time share and fell in love.  My husband and girlfriends love the 24 hour hot tub.. Countless fun we have had here after hitting the strip and bringing new friends back.  Love the laZy river and the service is awesome.  Wished they had more 24 food options for those late nights after drinking and hitting the strip, but overall we recommend this place..  What happens in vegas stays in vegas ..
1	I have been a member here for 10 years and things are getting worse and worse. After driving almost 300 miles I tried to check in only to discover they lost my reservation and refuse to get me a room telling me they are totally full!  If you are considering buying into this timeshare don't do it. You will regret it. Overpriced maintenance fees, poor housekeeping, nobody knows what to do or how to resolve a problem. It is not worth your time or money!  If you still want to buy this TimeShare I will sell you mine for a lot less they what they are charging!
1	The Good: The property offers an outstanding value to those with families looking to stay off strip. This was our 2nd visit after LOVING our previous stay.The Fumble: The door lock failed and locked us out twice despite a maintenance working on it in between. Spending almost an hour in the hallway on my birthday was not the worst part. It was the incredibly RUDE, curt, disrespectful treatment from the Clerk when I reported it. She blamed me for demagnetizing the keys (Security and maintenance acknowledged it was a defective lock), was argumentative when I asked for her to make things right and eventually hung up on me. I didn't yell, did not curse, etc. All I did was pay for a room that I couldn't get in to and presented a problem that she had to actually tap into her empathy reserves to answer. After a clunky transition, we were eventually moved into another room that addressed the door lock, but certainly not being stuck in their coconut-smelling hallway in the middle of the night nor the lack of customer service.Dear Tahiti Village: Good Customer Service is making your Guests feel welcome and valued (hence the industry being called "hospitality". It goes beyond amenities and smiling when Guests pass through your lobby. When presented with a problem and the opportunity to make things right, I wasn't even worth faking empathy or a bottled water. You've lost a repeat Guest and potential shareholder, but I have a feeling from the empowerment given to your staff that you care more about revenue and occupancy.
5	For the price this hotel is worth every penny. We had the 1 bedroom bora bora room with the living room, kitchen and jetted tub! How awesome is that! It was great to sit in after a long day at the strip. The kitchen is fully stocked with utensils and everything you need to cook. There is also a dishwasher but we just hand washes our dishes. The other thing I like was that there was a washer and dryer in our room. This room could not have been more perfect I loved my stay here. The staff was very great. We had a red eye flight and arrived in Las Vegas way earlier than we thought. We got to Tahiti around 7:30am and surprisingly they let us check in early! That was so nice of them. We were very tired from our flight and before we even got there I was hoping that they'd let us check in early because we had a full day planned and we needed to get settled. I recommend families to stay here and make use of the pool and hot tubs around the property. Great hotel and I would definitely stay again.
4	This resort is a GREAT option for families vacationing in Vegas. There is a lot to do here if you have children and the rooms are very nice and well appointed.  My family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed in a Royal Tahitian Suite, which was more than enough space for us.  The resort is also beautifully landscaped- You didn't feel like you were in the middle of the desert at all. The highlight for the kids was the gigantic pool and the lazy river. In my experience the staff were very nice, but sometimes missed the mark with execution.  Twice, we needed assistance in our suite (once for maintenence when the washing machine wasn't working and once for housekeeping when my son wet the bed) and it took a very long time for staff to arrive.  In fact, housekeeping took almost an entire day.  I called twice and finally walked down to the front desk to explain my frustration. They came quickly after that but it was annoying that it took so long in the first place. Still, I understand that this was an accidental oversight and our stay was great otherwise. I was unimpressed by the onsite restaraunt but I find that's usually the case with hotel restaraunts, so no biggie. The resort has a small store and coffee shop in the lobby, which was nice.  It's a quick drive to the strip (i recommend a renal car if you plan to visit attractions- but i think there is a shuttle that goes to certain places on the strip) and there is a Whole Foods Market quite close as well as numerous shopping centers. I would definitely stay here again and have reccommended it to friends.
1	Nice resort for families that want to be away from the strip and in the middle of nothing. I stayed here on a business trip and was told it wasn't far from everything.. There is nothing to eat at the resort but one restaurant in the lobby (17 south). There's a Denny's also by the resort. Both restaurants are less than 2 stars. If you stay at tahiti village, either bring your own groceries to cook or spend lots of money going to the livelier part of the strip to eat. There is also no room service. My whole stay I basically was never full and couldn't find the time to take a cab to eat then come back and get ready for work then take a cab all the way back. I did that once and found myself spending $100 just for that meal and cab rides. Try not to stay in tower 5 during the winter. EVERYTHING is in the lobby and the walk to the lobby is horrible in dry 40 degree weather. I would say during my stay I walked to the lobby 5 times every day that I stayed because that is where the food is, the mini grocery store, and the cab pick up. It was so inconvenient. There is a vending machine in tower 5 but concierge never has change and you would then have to walk to the lobby and ask for change if you didn't have anything less than a $20. The gym does not have a weight set. And is stuffy most of the time in there. I think they should air it out every once in a while. The room is decent. The property is nice. The lazy river is probably the only really good thing this place has to offer but I never got the chance to get in it since I stayed during winter. I will not be staying here again.
