4	I was not expecting much from Salty Senorita but I was impressed when we got there.  I felt like we parked really far away and came upon  the lot of a "Mexico" film set.  It was more busy than usual because of the Cinco de Mayo drinking starting up.  Our drinks were good.  -- well every one was drinking beer but me so how can you mess up  a bottle of beer?  The food was surprisingly good for being such a party atmosphere.  The chips are good chips-- like the real kinda greasy kind.  Not overly greasy, just a nice amount and they were salted with kosher salt--- fabulous!I had the pork street tacos and they were delicious.  It came with 3 of them and a side of mexican rice that was more like dirty rice-- still good.  and a side of pinto beans with a light sprinkling of cheese.  Good food, good atmosphere, good service.  I wasn't expecting so much from Salty Senorita- shame on me!
3	Neanderthal roided-out meatheads wearing all-black Famous Stars and Stripes clothing and the Westside tanned bleached blonds who love them can rejoice now that there's a Salty Senorita in Arrowhead.  Imagine to not have to drive your raised red Dodge half ton truck clear across town to Scottsdale to get to your nearest chain Mexican faux-beach bar!  I met my Westside ladies here last week to watch the NBA final Lakers game and marveled at how different it looks and a decent time was had.  A quick look around and you'll see some of the changes they made to the old Monastery. The kitchen is now where the bar was, the bar is now in an indoor/outdoor addition to the east and the former self serve BBQ (which was a hallmark of the old Monastery) is gone.  One of the sand volleyball courts was paved over with a huge elevated wooden patio deck, but one volleyball court remains.The cheap happy hour margaritas were decent.  We sat at the bar to watch the game and the service was OK...pretty aloof and vacant and first, but got better as the evening went on.  The mini burgers and fries were forgettable but edible - the nachos however, were soggy and drenched in Monterey jack cheese and onions. Not enough beans or pork...guacamole or tomatoes would have been nice.  Stay away from those.If you can order something better than I did, get past the crowd and your fondness for the former Monastery that was here for a few years, then you might have a good time here.
1	My husband and I ate here last night for the first time, and we will never go back.  We didn't know that it is really only a place for drinking, not eating.The chips were greasy and all broken in small pieces.  The salsa was not anything I would want to eat again.  My husband ordered the tortilla soup and he said it was ok.  I ordered the fish tacos and took one bite.  It didn't taste right.  My husband tried one bite and had to spit it in to his napkin.  They were bad.  Spoiled or something.  My side of sour cream was warmish, not cold.  My husband tried his chili cornbread and it was burned, greasy, and not cooked through in the middle.  I had ordered a side of guacamole and it was overly salty and did not taste fresh or right either.  I noticed that there was a prep area near the edge of the restaurant where waitresses cut avocados and scooped them out.  Bottles of their "salsa" were left out and not returned to the tubs of ice, where I assume they were supposed to go.  It did not look clean or well maintained.  Vile!We told the waitress that the fish tacos were bad and they did take it off our bill, but to be honest they could have taken everything off the bill.  Nothing was worth paying for!  No wait, my husband had a margarita and he said it was pretty good.  So that's it.  I guess the Salty Senorita is a loud  annoying place to have a good margarita and a decent bowl of tortilla soup.
1	We stopped by on a lazy Saturday afternoon to have drinks on the patio, happy to see they had an afternoon happy hour.  After not being acknowledged for 10 minutes or so we decided to grab our own menus.  When a waitress finally came by we placed our drink order and she said she would "be right back" for our food order.  We waited another 15 minutes with not a sign of life coming back out to the patio.  It was not busy at all and there is no reason it should take that long to pop open 3 beer bottles.  It may have taken more than 15 minutes to do so, by that time we counted our losses and walked out.
4	This place is KICK A**! First of all they have great service. I love all the bartenders at this place. I normally do not go to the servers but Ive gotten to know a few and they are all pretty enjoyable. Drinks are at a great price, for example $1.99 Pacifico's EVERYDAY from 8-close. They also have great CHICKEN TACO'S, and a amazing green chilly cheese crisp. The nightlife is awesome, always some good looking women in here on the weekends. They just recently added flat screen tv's for us sport fans or whatever they have playing on the tube. That mixed with the newly (fixed) mist system is great for those hot weekday/weekend days in the summer heat. I would give this place a 5 star but I haven't experienced enough food on the menu to give it that 5th star.
2	The people who patronize this establishment are the kind of people that bring their babies and/or children to the bar on Friday night. Just stop and think about that for a moment.You have a baby.................. in a bar???To add insult to injury, the Chupacabra margarita tastes like dirty, soapy ass. How dare they insult my precious X Files by naming this horrific drink after the mystical character that Fox and Dana chased after in one of my favorite episodes ever? Blasphemy. Finally, I will close this review with the tweet I sent whilst using the ladies restroom (yes, I tweet and pee at the same time):"If you are ever looking for a dirty, sloppy, drunken lay then head to the womens restroom at salty senorita peoria"Oh, PS... Thanks to Andrew K I just realized I missed the most important text of the night:"I'm too drunk to be alive. Sincerely, in hell in Peoria"
4	It is fun to go during spring training.
2	I was not impressed with the food, clientele, or the service. There are two good things about this place: ice cold beer and it is next to the ball field.
4	If you are catching a Spring Training game in Peoria, this is a great place to cool off or warm up with a margarita and a few Coronas. I have been making the pilgrimage to Peoria for 10 years now and Salty's has become a routine stop for the past several years. You can get into batting practice for some player autographs around 9:00, then to Salty's until the the game starts at 1:05. They open at 10:00. It is also a hopping place for post game, especially when the home team wins. I especially like the adirondack chairs and palaypas in the sand, up against the practice field fence. And there is plenty of people watching opportunities.
3	Yesterday I went to a spring training game in Peoria so I stopped in at Salty's pregame to get some food and a start on my beer consumption.  I got the street tacos with chicken and chipotle cream sauce.  They were pretty good tender chicken and lot's of it.  The chipotle sauce gave it just enough smokey flavor and kick.  The chips and salsa were actually really good as well.  They have great prices on beers during Spring Training and after the game it's happy hour which was nice.
3	I go for the volleyball, and that's exactly what they provide.  Based on everyone else's reviews on the food, I will leave me expectations on the low end.. but..  they did have some decent 1 dollar taco specials..  what do you want for that kind of money?  Tuesday night pacifico $2.00's.  Perfecto for me!  The place also has bags, horse shoes, and plenty of seating.  I pretty much dig it.  :)
2	I forgave Salty's for past indiscretions only to be burned again.  When your Cinco flyer advertises "cheap beer and cheap food" with $10 cover, its convenient to find out neither is true when you've already paid said $10.Not sure where anyone would consider $5 domestics and $8 tacos to be "cheap".
1	This place is lucky that Peoria doesn't have the competition that places like Old Town or Westgate have. The service was terrible when we got it, the food (or at least what they felt like bringing us) was awful, and I waited almost an hour for a basketball game to be turned on while the staff and management messed around behind the bar. I love the bar in Old Town and this place had about 10% of the foot traffic and just couldn't keep up. I'd wait until this place shuts down (which it will) and hope that the new place can deliver.
3	Oh you Senorita, somehow you are a strange antidote the end of a week. When I decided to plan Happy Hour for my co workers we were looking for someplace casual and low key with Margaritas and snack. I was also personally hoping for a little volleyball. So off to Silly Senorita, I mean Salty Senorita we go.  Yup they have a volleyball court , chips and yummy guac  as well as powerful house margs.Now I haven't been much of a happy hour person lin the last couple of years but I was surprised how unhelpful and slow there staff was at 4:00 pm on a Friday , were they waiting for more waitresses to show up ? Were they overwhelmed by the 2 people sitting at the bar? Were we sitting too far away with our group of fifteen to be noticed? Whatever.. The drinks were cheap and strong ( insert joke here) and my co workers with toddlers felt comfortable to bring their kids ( yup Amber )   It's way casual  you could smuggle just about anything into the place. With service so slow I was thinking of bringing my own ice chests next time.   I 'll be back becuase it was so easy and outside and cheap in a good way.  Happy Hour anyone?
3	So, nice evening and nice location to relax.   That said, service was only kinda slow but the food was good.  The band was ok.  It was surprisingly empty for a Friday evening but that was ok with me. That said, I would go back but probably only if it is suggested by someone else.
4	My sister in law's birthday was held here and I felt like I was drinking fun drinks and not only beer at a Monastery. (shhh, i know..)Waitress RAN to get our orders. I'm not even kidding.
3	Great place for sand volleyball play, but the service is HORRIBLE!  The servers don't come to you until you've been there 20 minutes, then they check on you every 30minutes if at all.
3	I have been here a couple times and this is a really fun place!  The drinks are kind of expensive for what they are(Malibu and Coke) but the enviroment is so fun and they play really great music! I wouldn't sit down and eat here since I have heard the service is god awful but drinks with the girls is A-OK!
3	i really do love salty, especially when its nice out, but damn i would not touch this location with a ten foot pole on the weekends. motocross bro-tards and affliction wearing thirty five year olds is not my idea of fun, not too mention waiting forever for drinks and being crammed into a high scool reuinion for all of the west valleys finest. after a spring training game or on a weeknight this place is great. the food actually is really good and tijuanna tuesday ($1 tacos and $5 buckets of beer) is worth it for sure. volleyball, horseshoes and bags make it and essential day drinking spot when the weather permits.ya the monastery was really cool, salty is just trying for a younger vibe. so as long as you avoid the god awful weekend nights then you are golden.
3	3.5 starsMy high school reunion- I changed my mind a week before and decided to go. I didn't realize it was more bar than restaurant. My friend M rode down with me. I tried to tell her what my high school was like, but she had to experience it first hand. We parked and heard country music floating through as drunk people stumbled out. We walked in dressed in, or I should say overdressed in, black cocktail dresses. Everyone else was wearing tank tops and jeans. We were dressed to go to Scottsdale afterwards. My former classmates kept saying "Why are you ditching us for  "Snotsdale"? Regardless I was happy to see everyone.After some margaritas, yes we got them salty, I was right back in high school. It was fun catching up with everyone. M. got hit on by Mr. Popular who was a year ahead of our class. I don't even know why he attended our reunion, but his pick up line was classy. "I've noticed you all night, you're cute. Come here. Do you know who I am?" M's reaction, "Um..... no thanks. I have no idea who you are. I didn't go to this high school." It was relaxed and casual. They had good cheap margaritas. I wouldn't mind going back. I'll be found in tank top and jeans, the token Asian.
3	lol... I just wanted to write in here how great their beef nachos are. They are a great break to my week. I usually stop in on Wednesdays with some friends to catch a plate of the great nachos. I have had better, but not really anywhere around here. :) Enjoy!
3	Went here on October 15th for a 30-year class reunion social (drinks & pre-ordered munchies).The waitresses were efficient and attentive beer-slingers, and the food wasn't bad.The band that was playing when a group of us got there (around 7:30pm) played way too loudly, and was way too average (bleh, in other words).  It might not have been so bad had we not been trying to catch up with one another....and if they weren't playing like they were headlining a concert.
2	If there was a bar with an 'end of the world' theme...this place would be it. From the mosquito infested pool in the front to the booster seats available on demand...this place gets a fail for atmosphere. Perhaps it's to get you drinking faster and longer.  I went here with a friend for happy hour because it was convenient and any place with Rada is an ok place to be... sadly. I just couldn't get past the doomsday decor and the lack of meatless things. I'll stick to snobbsdale's location
5	This bar is idle for spring training games.  Right next door to Peoria sports complex. It has a great "cantina" atmosphere with a huge outdoor venue. Perfect for post game shenanigans !!!! Get a cab home though. It starts getting blurry  about sun down.  So call yellow cab, take a shot of patron and slam a glass of water. Then hit the backyard BBQ !!
3	Unlimited chips & salsa, the best margarita in town and super cheap Pacificos = win. Best place to go hang out outside and relax. Pro-tip, sign up for upromise and you'll receive cash back on purchases here.Your money will go a long way here and that is a great thing.
1	We went to Salty Senorita's last night to celebrate a birthday with about 25 people.  I was skeptical to start with because I had been there before and my experience wasn't great.   At least they are consistent.The only good thing going for Salty Senorita's is the outdoor environment.  The food and the service is some of the worst I have experienced.  I know "Salty" is in the name of the venue, but the amount of salt in the food is just ridiculous.  A friend of mine waited over an hour for a salad. We waited an hour for our carne asada tacos that were filled with steak bits that were burned to a crisp.  Another person in our group ordered wings. After about 45 minutes she asked the server when her wings would be coming.  The server said she brought them awhile ago and gave them to some "dark haired" woman at the other end of the table.The unlimited chips and salsa mean nothing other than a consolation prize and even the salsa isn't that great.There are plenty of other places in the area to get decent mexican food.  After going to Salty Senorita's, I can say this isn't one of them.  If you are simply looking for a cool place to hang out and get drinks, then this place is it but I recommend you eat elsewhere.
3	Salty's is great for outdoor happy hour with your friends. or maybe you want to set up and have a sand volleyball game. They also have live music on weekend, outdoor TV for sports fans and then again, right across from the ball field during spring training. Food...not exceptional...but if you order a few buckets of mini beers it can taste better.  The chips and salsa are a great easy much and they have unlimited refills for a few bucks.Service...well, it can be really really slow if its crowded, so do not expect anything to come quickly.  Salty's can be a really great hangout...and that's why we have our Friday happy hours there. Bunch of friends drinking and eating chips and kicking it up sand with the volleyball
4	Best chips and salsa EVER!
4	I've been back a couple of times since my first review.  They continue to be spot on with service, very friendly, and the fact that the manager reached out to me to thank me for a review, shows these folks care about their customers.  I'd happily go to Salty's for VB and beers anytime!
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. Actually I will NEGATIVE FIVE STARS HAHAHA! The idea of the place sounds kind of cool, outside, beach theme with sand volleyball, it even has a tiny pond.  The only problem is that little pond is a mesquito cesspool and the sand gets every where, chip crumbs too, the place is kinda dirty. The drinks are average $8 price, dance floor sucks, their arent very many attractive women,  lots of old people:). Oh and the staff,  they were pretty busy so I understand, but one guy in particular was kind of rude and heres the kicker as i finished my drink that i ordered from him, I realized there was a HEAVY DUTY CONSTRUCTION STAPLE IN MY MOUTH!!seriously it was in my drink but, im such a lay back drunk tho i didnt even bother complaining because it just seems like something people do to like get free drinks and stuff.  Plus how would I really prove it. It was a black guy about 30 something years old that served me the drink not trying to be racist just warning people.  Luckily i wasnt hurt, and i guess it makes a moderately interesting story.  I wasnt being a douche or anything either I just came up and ordered my drink, he couldnt hear me and he asked again kind of frustrated with me and thats pretty much the exchange we had and then poof! STAPLE DRINK! Idk if it was on purpose but seems pretty wierd thing to show up in a drink accidently.  It was actually a little bit funny to me. Also this place is more bar than a restruant.If you do decide to hit up Salty's ask them to hold the staples.
1	The only thing going for Salty Senoritas is its location in Old Town Scottsdale. I've only eaten there once and left with a pricey stomach ache. Seems to be the trend at this restaurant. I'll take my Cinco de Mayo to Fox Restaurant Concepts, Blanco and enjoy great food in a great atmosphere.
2	This place is what it is.  Uneven service (we had the best and worst waitresses I've ever had, in one night), uneven and mediocre food, and so-so mixed drinks.  But, there is something alluring about the extremely laid back atmosphere and nice setting.  It's as if you stumbled into a somewhat dumpy, but still very fun joint in Rocky Point.  Yes, I felt obligated to give it two starts based on the fundamentals, but the proof is in the pudding; we stayed for five hours last night!  So, something is right!  The volleyball aspect is nice, but there is only one court now, so be sure to call ahead.  There is some league activity that takes over that court for multiple weeknights.   Would I recommend S.S?  No (Yes).  :)
3	I've gone to Salty's twice: for Cinco de Mayo and on a random Taco Tuesday. Although it was fun on Cinco de Mayo it was WAY crowded that the line to the girl's bathroom was RIDICULOUS. Long story short, go on a random Taco Tuesday instead. Chicken and steak tacos are only $1 and Pacifico for $2. I really wish they would stock up on Taiwan Beer for a larger variety, but that may be asking for too much. The outside area is really nice, but super hot on a summer day. What will keep me from coming back: unlimited chips & salsa!
3	My friend from Glendale took me and my boyfriend here for dinner our first night visiting Arizona. She said they usually go here for a night out rather than for meals, but thought it would suffice for a quick mexican dinner. Well, she was right. The interior is exactly your typical mexican eatery with walls covered in random stuff and bright colors everywhere. The outdoor patio looked really cool, but it was so hot when we went, we sat indoors. The waitress we had was nice enough, but she didn't seem to know the menu very well because when I asked how large the tacos were in the happy hour special, she said they were very filling and it would be enough for my meal.... right. When I got my tacos they were two taco-truck sized tacos, and we all actually laughed about my two tiny tacos compared to what my dining partners ordered: one monstrous taco salad and one huge quesadilla. At least their portions were large enough that after I devoured my tacos in about 3 minutes, I got to help them finish their food. Overall, the food wasn't bad. A step up from fast food mexican (a la taco bell or chipotle) I'd say. The chips and salsa were pretty boring and still cost us $2, so pass on those. The meal in and of itself was pretty cheap and it was a good enough time to sit and chat without being bothered too much by the waitress.
5	I'm going big here since I am grateful to have a cool place to hang out on the west side.  i dont need to cross the whole city now to get to Scottsdale and worry about my DD getting drunk and having to pay $60 for a cab ride home, not to mention going to pick up your vehicle the next day doesn't require $20 in fuel either.  I like this place, plenty of misters, girls are hot, service is decent, food is decent, margaritas are huge, and the place is always packed.  I know us west siders can be trashy compared to the snobby east siders but we need a place to hang too and if you dont like it....why are you even here?
3	The "express lunch" was not so much express as it was sloooooooooow lunch!!
5	Been here a ton of times. Great outdoor atmosphere. I always try to get Kassandra to be our waitress, really friendly and attentive! All the girls are nice though. Love the chips and salsa even though you have to pay for it. People who complain about dust should never go to an outdoor bar in Arizona. Their area in back is huge with a sand volley ball court, horseshoe pit and fire pit and the girls do their best to try and cover it.
4	Salty's has a party reputation.  I had not ever heard a word about their food so I was nervous to give them a try, even with my Groupon...They were good, really good!  We tried the nachos with chicken and had chipotle burritos.  The nachos filled us completely and we actually boxed and took our burritos home.The Main Man ate his burro later in the day and thought it was tasty, he had no complaints even with the reheating.I ate mine the next day and thought it was absolutely yummy!  So yummy that I wished for another one to eat the next day, and the next day...Thank you to Groupon for giving us a reason and opportunity to try Salty's and thank you to Salty's for being a solidly tasty choice.  We don't go over by the mall often but when we do, Salty's will be a food stop!
2	I've been here a bunch of times already.  Salty's is a great place if you're looking for a good drink and a place to socialize outdoors.  That's what keeps us coming back.  Although the happy hours are decent, I wouldn't say the same for the food. Seems like it can all be easily prepared in the microwave. The only thing I've tried there that I would actually get again is the guac, but it's also something I can just make at home...Overall, if you're looking for a good time, good drinks, good atmosphere and a fun time (esp. at night when there's a band or DJ), Salty's is a great place to go.  They also have a volleyball court and an area for bags (aka cornhole) and horseshoes, which is unique.The two star rating would be higher if the drink specials were phenomenal, but they're not.  The food knocks down my opinion as well.
4	I personally really like Salty's ... during the week or during the day on the weekends. I love the chips and salsa and the chicken tacos, the margaritas are great and it is a nice place to go sit outside during a Saturday afternoon with friends. They allow my pup to come with us, always check to make sure he has enough water and the manager came over to visit him several times the first time we brought him ... then brought him the cutest little shirt which was left over from a rescue dog fundraiser they hosted. Anyone who loves rescue dogs is ok with me. During the day, the crowd is pretty laid back. On weekend nights, the crowd seems to be a little bit rowdy, but there are plenty of other places in the neighborhood to visit ... so we have just decided to designate it as the perfect Saturday afternoon spot with the pup and friends. I have always had good service here and think that the decor is fun. If you are looking for a Scottsdale type place to hang out, you're probably in the wrong neighborhood to begin with ... and if you are upset that it is dirty ... we do live in the middle of the desert.  If you are looking for a fun, casual outdoor , spot  I'd definitely recommend it. I'd recommend the beer, the strawberry margarita, the chicken tacos and plenty of chips and salsa!
2	Average. Service is slow inside.  You have to flag someone down if you sit at a table.  Food was so so, price is high for what you get.
2	I had been here on one previous occasion. As much as like spending my time with the geriatrics of Sun City, I've found I need to venture further outside of Surprise to find the X/Y generation. So, I did. For Happy Hour. After spending time with with good peeps, 4 street tacos, and Two Exes (the beer, silly. Two exes at the same time? Not me.) I had claimed Salty Seniorita safe, and acceptable. Naomi, our server, was great, too.Stop the show. I had a lapse in judgement. I'm sorry. I went back with my gf on St. Patty's day. Well, night actually. It was windy, and stormy. Cool change of weather. Our server was attentive and nice. Can you tell I'm holding out? I'm refraining from going on about how bad the food was. But I cannot help it now. The chips and salsa are so bland and plain. The salsa is like hot watery cilantro puree. Flat, bland, and uninspiring. And... they charge you $2 for the pleasure. Are you kidding me? My gf ordered the taco salad with BLACKENED Mahi. The fish came out under cooked and mushy. Not even an attempt at the blackened part of the equation. The salad was a heap of shit. Just a pile of stuff thrown haphazardly into a shell, that was food colored green. Maybe it was a spinach taco shell, but it looked like a food colored taco shell. I ordered the fajitas. I pulled SEVERAL large chunks of gristly meat out of the plate. The shrimp was poorly packaged, over frozen, overcooked, and tasted flat and bland. That was after I had picked through the onions. Also, someone may want to put an APB out on the Bell Pepper. Large, green, red, or orange type pepper found in fajitas and other dishes. Mine had escaped. Yes. really. No bell peppers in my fajitas. The beans were canned Rosarita beans. Same bland garbage that can be bought in a store. Black beans, canned as well. So why the 2 stars? The drinks were good. They have a margarita that is fresh squeezed and made from scratch that is awesome. The mango marg is great, my gf liked the Prickly Pear marg, and the house marg is not bad. Service was good too. If they got the food on par with the service and the drinks, this would be THE place to go in the West Valley.
1	experienced our first bout with real discrimination today at the Salty Senorita near Arrowhead Mall. To prepare for Cinco de Mayo, all of the handicapped spaces were barricaded to allow for the anticipated lines to the entrance. I approached one of the staff members and advised them that my husband is disabled and required access (not to mention it being ILLEGAL and a FEDERAL OFFENSE to not offer disabled parking spaces). Other staff members joined the conversation and advised that this was a special event so they had the right to block off the spaces. "Oh really? Where is your permit?" I asked. One guy looked at my husband and said loud enough for me to overhear - "he's not really handicapped anyway"..... LOOK DUDE - walk a mile in my husband's shoes and you'll know what it feels like to have a titanium rod in your leg, metal pins holding your spine together and enduring head trauma that required TWO craniotomies, a liver laceration, 7 broken ribs and internal damage that left a scar from nipple to hip. When you've done that, you'll understand how he deserves to park just a little closer to your establishment than someone who doesn't have those issues. PRICK! Lucky for you, my husband didn't have his cane with him or I would have knocked you off your feet with it. To all my Phoenix area friends, please boycott Salty Senorita's... we will be contacting all of the social media outlets (Yelp, Trip Advisor, Facebook, Twitter, etc) to post this indicent and ask for any assistance you can provide. THANK YOU!
2	went there to celebrate a friends birthday on cinco de mayo being disabled i was shocked to see the had blocked all the disabled parking when i asked about it i was told it was do to the special event they were surprised to find it was illegal to block those spots. without making other arrangements and went on to insult me be questioning my disability. will never go there again!!this is a repost as my first was deleted "some how"and again!they keep deleting my review so i added some stars to see if that gets it to stay
1	Funny how my previous review from May 5, 2012 keeps getting deleted!  So much for consistency.  I'll be on YELP every day reposting for each deletion.  Original review from 5/5/12:experienced our first bout with real discrimination today at the Salty Senorita near Arrowhead Mall. To prepare for Cinco de Mayo, all of the handicapped spaces were barricaded to allow for the anticipated lines to the entrance. I approached one of the staff members and advised them that my husband is disabled and required access (not to mention it being ILLEGAL and a FEDERAL OFFENSE to not offer disabled parking spaces). Other staff members joined the conversation and advised that this was a special event so they had the right to block off the spaces. "Oh really? Where is your permit?" I asked. One guy looked at my husband and said loud enough for me to overhear - "he's not really handicapped anyway"..... LOOK DUDE - walk a mile in my husband's shoes and you'll know what it feels like to have a titanium rod in your leg, metal pins holding your spine together and enduring head trauma that required TWO craniotomies, a liver laceration, 7 broken ribs and internal damage that left a scar from nipple to hip. When you've done that, you'll understand how he deserves to park just a little closer to your establishment than someone who doesn't have those issues. PRICK! Lucky for you, my husband didn't have his cane with him or I would have knocked you off your feet with it. To all my Phoenix area friends, please boycott Salty Senorita's...
4	My sister and I went to Salty's for Cinco de Mayo. We actually had a great time! The place has a lot of open space, I love how it's like a big backyard party with all the amenities! The food was simple, but totally tasty (chicken burrito). Service was pretty good. We were lucky we got there early because there was a huge line later in the evening and they were only letting people in as people left. I would have personally never waited that long to get in. Margaritas were cheap and gave the typical heart burn from the pre-made mix, but we had a good time!
4	I  go to Arizona at least twice a year and I have to stop into salty before i leave. the outdoor venue is nice, people and staff are friendly  and you cant beat 2 dollar pacificos .Ill be in the Phoenix area  early july so ill be at saltys without a doubt
3	I came here for happy hour with a big group. I'm going to give props to the waitress for splitting our tickets out accurately and without attitude. You'd be surprised how hard it is for some people to do that. On to the food:- Chips and Salsa: Pretty horrible. Chips were stale and salsa was bland and a strange color. - Salty Dog: This was a hot dog wrapped in bacon with guacamole and pico on top. I am definitely a fan of this combination. It also came with waffle fries (also great). Only reason I'm giving this place three stars and not two.- Chicken Tinga Nachos: My boyfriend got this and loved it. Huge portion of nachos loaded with cheese, beans, sour cream, pico, and chicken. It was suppose to have guacamole but guess they forgot.- Margaritas : This is what I was most disappointed about because I heard this place was suppose to make great tasting strong margaritas and mine was way too sweet/sour and seemed to have little to no tequila in it. Same with the two other people who ordered margaritas. TV's were poor quality as we were watching the Heat/Celtics game. Only reason I am pointing this out is because this place has a sports bar feel to it. I probably will not come back again unless social situations force me to.
4	Like the out door seating.  Great atmosphere.  Liked the street tacos.  Great location at the Peoria ball park.  Hard to find wait staff sometimes.
2	Salty Senorita has awesome atmosphere, easy location w/ tons of parking and is probably best for a happy hour and drinking spot. Their menu leaves a lot to be desired, and their restaurant appears to be infested with flies... I didn't have the best experience, but did have an OK time since the atmosphere is cool. I would go back with a big group, but I won't be back for dinner or lunch, specifically. TIPSGreat cheap happy hour$1 shotsQueso dip is goodLots of parking
3	Let me just say this: if it weren't for a few little things, I'd probably give this place four stars. But for now, after my initial visit, it's a pretty solid three stars and a big ol' thumbs up for the tasty food.It was difficult getting to this place, so I understand why the Groupon is out there; it's a great way to get people motivated to visit. The restaurant seems really tucked away, but since it's so close to the baseball fields, I'm assuming it can get a bit more crowded when there's ball being played. We laughed at the cute signs in the parking lot nudging people further in towards the entrance.We weren't really greeted by the waitress - it seemed like their staff was just sitting around, waiting for people to come in - but she was nice and did a decent job, though her attitude was very casual and she seemed like she didn't care all too much. It would be another story if her nonchalant attitude actually got in the way of service, but there were no problems.We ordered a few house margaritas and they were okay. Not great. I didn't expect them to be great and half-off is half-off, so why not?I ordered the Shrimp & Cheese Quesadilla and a cup of Creamy Poblano Soup. When the soup came out, it was quite a surprise to see how very big the portion was! It was definitely more like a bowl. I ended up taking home half of the quesadilla because there was so much soup and the quesadilla was pretty big, too.I liked the food, but it's definitely not health food - at least not the items I ordered. My parents each ordered a burrito and my dad was a big fan of his while my mother wasn't so sure about hers. Honestly I think she was just being picky because I thought all of the food was tasty.The little things that bugged me were minor points individually but together take off a star. The many flies at the restaurant bugged me and were annoying. I don't like when sit-down Mexican restaurants charge for chips and salsa, either; that should be a freebie, especially if you are light on the sides that come with entrees. Those factors, plus the nonchalant waitress and the meh margarita make me a little less inclined to give a higher rating. Furthermore, the music was too loud. Just a notch down would've been a great improvement.I would still go back, though, as some of their menu items really look good (oh, I wish I'd tried the fajitas!). The decor is really neat, too, and I'd love to go when the place is hopping.
3	"Hi my name is Ashley and I'll be taking care of you. It's happy hour (pointing at the menu), the drink specials are there and the food specials there. Because it's happy hour you may not modify anything in anyway."Hi Ashley.Awkward.Arrived with my bestie for happy hour and it was early so the place was empty. I mean empty. Like Paris Hilton's head empty. Totally cool. I was already LOVING the huge patio overlooking a beautiful park/baseball field. We enjoyed HH margaritas (tasty!), taquitos (oddly only two, but, hey, it's HH) and a BUTT LOAD tray of nachos (awesome, I must say).My company was so lovely, by the time we left, I hadn't noticed the small crowd of folks who had wandered in, so I can't speak of the crowd. OK service. Great view of the park. Fabulous prices on the margs and nachos.Most of all. Great company!
2	Ambiance is great and bar has a lot of potential.  What needs to be fixed is the level of service with ordering and bringing back food and drinks.  Takes too long for drinks orders and quite often we could not wait for our server and had to go to the bar ourselves (along with several other patrons).I bet this place would make some serious cash if properly staffed.  The wait times is seriously something that needs to improve.
5	The food was amazing... went with a groupon coupon... service was amazing the guy actually was lively with us and kept a conversation... not to mention the food was delicious
2	Despite being nearly empty, the service was incredibly slow. Ok, so maybe we just got the one bad waitress. But the food was really overpriced and not that great. I ended up sending my meal back, something which I haven't done in years. There's better food for half the price elsewhere. We won't be going back.
3	If your favorite part of the bar is a good patio, Salty Senoritas will be heaven for you! There were bonfires, volleyball courts, and countless tables. I was just one of hundreds of thirsty customers gawking at the UofA vs. ASU game. This is the largest parking lot I've seen for any bar. Ever. It will be a journey actually getting to the door, and don't try any shenanigans as cops love to cruise around everywhere. Security is kind of pompous, but all bark and no bite. They should decide whether or not they feel like enforcing the unwritten dress code. Also, you can only shine your flashlight on a man's license so many times before you start to annoy us all.You'll find that once you're inside the staff is rather efficient, making empty beer bottles disappear before you can even snap your fingers. Many youngsters hustling around keeping the place clean. Bartenders seem short-staffed, but still managed to serve me immediately, pouring middle-of-the-road tequilas like Cuervo with a heavy hand. One drawback to Salty's is the identity crisis it faces as a nightlife spot. Being mostly outside, it doesn't have the acoustics or lighting to encourage lots of dancing. On the other hand, the competing sounds of televisions, DJs, and close-quarters seating destroys any shred of intimacy needed for a lounge vibe. Unlike the bars I go to exclusively for the dance floor, or the music, Salty Senorita's is enjoyable but I'm left without a particular reason to return.
1	Went here for lunch with my husband today.  Let me put it this way, we got our food and mine had to be sent back due to something being in my food(things happen).  My husband completed his meal and I waited as long as I could - 1/2 hour, but told them to box it up since I could not handle sitting there any longer.  Still waited.MOST IMPORTANTLYI would say that the service sucked, but I can not blame the servers.  They also had only one cook which was not enough for the few people that were ordering, making a very long wait. The food was just sitting on the pass thru as the servers weren't able to get to it.  Could not imagine if it was busier.  There was a manager/bartender on duty and think she was given this title so no one else would have to show up.  The place was severely under staffed.  Apparently someone had called in sick, which I know can happen.  When talking to the manager, I had made mention of how under staffed it was and she told me they were waiting for someone to show up.  They needed more then 1 more server to handle the place and it was not even full.  She also mentioned they had a GM and he was coming in later that night.  He should of been there then to cover.  This comes down to the owner that has no knowledge of what is going on or doesn't care.  GM- OWNERDuring the course of visit there were 25-30 people who left due to not being waited on.  I know because they all had to walk past us.  I think this is a shame since it money just walking out the door.  You can not blame the staff on duty as they were trying to get the people already there taken care of and that was even a struggle.  If you do not care about the place then close it down and let someone else take the opportunity to make worth going to.
4	Update V.3After a couple more good experiences I felt like they deserve a better rating.  Came here a couple weeks ago with a large party and the waitress was very accommodating as our party grew a little bigger than expected.  No problems splitting the checks and she continued to serve us as we moved over to a reserved fire pit area.  This place is back in good graces just in time for Spring Training!
4	I decided to give this place a 2nd chance when I saw a groupon for half off. We found a picnic table right by a game of cornhole. Had a few drinks, played a few games, and hung out with our dogs. Our server was friendly and even brought a take out container with water for the pups.We have been back a couple of times since, and always have a fun time. The atmosphere is like no other. I really liked the prickly pear margarita, even at $8 and in a plastic cup :P
2	Drinks are good, food sucks & is expensive.  Atmosphere needs major upkeep.
5	I want to thank Mike (Manager) at Famous Dave's at the Peoria Arizona location. I was part of a large group we have had our local dive club meeting there for the last 5-6 months. Mike was so nice as to tell us that he didn't need our business and we could go elsewhere to have our meeting! We found a great place called the "Salty Senorita" awesome place! Thanks to Jordan and her crew!! We had a great meeting.. Thanks again to Mike
1	this place used to be fun, now all you get us over priced drinks that are watered down and poor service. I definitely won't be back.
3	Very good food and great happy hour. The guacamole made and served tableside was excellent.
1	Forty-five minute wait on two out of four steak tacos that were ordered.. The other two weren't placed by our server, so that was another, exactly, 45 minute wait.  The first two that came out, which my husband let me have because I was starving, were so chewy and way over-cooked.  The next two tacos were burnt.  The rest of our party was also dissatisfied with their food.. One had beef sliders, so burnt and tough.  Another had the shrimp & mango burrito which was just a soggy mess.  And the beer was delivered fast but if you wanted water.. forget about it.. literally took 30 minutes after asking the guy maybe 8 times.  Will not be going back EVER!
4	Had a good time here with some friends.  The food is on the cheap, beer is cheap and the setting is great outdoors.  Since its not really hot yet I can deal with the outdoor scene and the huge open patio area.  Check it out with some friends.  A nice, busy, outdoor place to grab a drink.
4	Tired from a long flight in and stomach was in a different time zone.  We wanted to try something new so we went here.  Not too bad!  Friendly service, good prices, margarita wasn't bad, the patio was great to sit on but the happy hour stuff was nice!  Lots and I do mean lots of people were rolling into here after work for happy hour.  We ordered some nachos as an appetizer that we could've had for a meal.  Cheese, beans, meat....they were loaded!  Loved my calamari taco more than the fish one and hubs enjoyed his big burrito!  The next table had some chicken wings that looked darn good too.Then there was dulce de leche cake for desert!  Oh yeah..............
2	We went to Salty senorita after a cousin's graduation. The atmosphere is nice and the place is huge. The food was just ok. the menu is a limited selection of tacos and burritos. the service was mediocre at best. They need to talk to someone about supply chain. they didn't have any Tonic for my vodka tonic or any Captain Morgan for a capt and coke. It seems outrageous to me that a huge bar could be out of such staples on a Thursday night.
2	We came here for a bday party and on a consistent level, the service was terrible. I guess we had a server AND a food runner because after being completely ignored for 20 mins we finally flagged down (we later found out) the food runner. She said she wasn't our waitress but would take our order. When we asked her opinion about the food she told us, "the food here sucks". So we just picked a cheese crisp. After waiting 15 minutes for the beer we ordered, we flagged down the server who said, "oh, don't order from her, she's just the food runner" WTH? It took forever to get any kind of service and everyone walks around there like they are lost. The only time we go there is if someone is having a party which is too bad because the concept is good but the food and service always sucks. Stop hiring the girls for their looks and get someone in there with a brain.
5	Love this place. Been in az for a few years now and I can always rely on Saltys for a quality experience. Recently had an amazing margarita Ashley a twenty something knock out server had recommended and well she didn't let me down. Ill be back again and again ... Cheers
4	This place is HUGE. It's like a small Mexican village, complete with volleyball courts, cornhole, patio areas, dance floors, and a kitchen and multiple bar areas. It was a really cool, laidback vibe going on.They had buckets of Pacifico for 6/$18; not a bad deal. One of our group had a sandwich of some sort and it was apparently pretty good, 'cause he ate the whole thing. Our server was really chill, cracking jokes, and was attentive. We played some volleyball, got down on the dance floor for a little while, and spent a fun Saturday night at Salty. It was a really nice change from the Scottsdale scene I'm trapped in.The only thing I'd change is the DJ; they kept playing full 4 minute songs, mostly 2000s rap/hip-hop, and nothing that was on the charts right now... I felt like I was back at high school homecoming. They didn't have anything my friend requested either.
3	the hit is the guacamole, made table side, I am a salsa maker and theirs did not hit the spot for me.... but for beer, and appetizers it is cool, some may like the roasted tomatoes for salsa , but it reminds me of mole sauce and i don't care for it, but the guacamole is the bomb... wings ok, I have had way better, but the service makes up for it.
1	"I will read Yelp reviews before every dining experience, I will read...."Made a last minute decision to stop in for a drink and a bite before a show at the Arizona Broadway Theatre next door.  Bad call.  Place was dirty--had to ask for a table wipe after we sat down.  Ordered "table side guac" which arrived already made up. Okay.   Salsa was grainy and more interesting and flavorful than most runny tomato salsas, so saved the zero star rating.  Tortilla chips were stale.  Margaritas were meh:  mine was frozen;  wife's on the rocks--have had many better.    We split a chile rellanos dinner--not being a Mexican fan I thought it was tasteless, but my wife liked it.  Learned my lesson:  don't ever even think about eating without studying Yelp first!
1	I'm sad to write this because I love the drinks here. I have always gone to Saltys in the other locations and after moving to glendale, this one is not far from me so I've gone twice now and each time got worse. The first time it seemed like we were in the way of social hour for the wait staff and this time even though they were open and it was happy hour we could only get house margaritas as the machine hasn't been prepared for customers. The bartender was the only wait staff on duty and he was put out to have to even talk to us, after one drink we couldn't get out of there quick enough. They are not usually busy there so you would think they would take all the free time they have to service the customers that are there that give them a paycheck.
2	This bar embodies everything Glendale truly is, which is more of a slight than anything else. Every time I some how end up at this place I always get the same experience. A mediocre night of waiting for drinks, watching people who I vaguely remember from high school, and waiting to find out where the party is afterwards. That last part should really be the point of interest for this bar since after-parties seem like a fairly common thing to do after visiting Salty's. Either way, I really wish my friends wouldn't want to come to this bar as often as they do.
5	If you're looking for a great time at other people that just want to have fun and flirt and drink this is the place for you the drinks are great the food is good and the waitresses are superb if you're ordering a margarita ask for the real thing and make it a double if you're ordering food anything with shredded beef is absolutely amazing the rice and beans are a must it is a huge place that is meant for social gatherings if you're having a birthday party or engagement party this is the place to go they have enough space and enough fun activities were exceptionally great it's the best summertime place ever Sand Volleyball courts and all of the rest of the amenities the waitresses and staff are absolutely amazing
3	Happy hour lasts from 3-7pm. $4 margaritas and beers are cheaper at $2-3 a bottle. Fat Tire was the closes thing I could get to a dark beer, but I kind of expected that seeing as how I'm not at a brewery. I'm at a Mexican cantina type place, so no worries there!Service was decent. Waiters and waitresses were pretty attentive initially around 5-7pm, but then as the night proceeded on and more and more people came strolling in, then the service started to go on the wayside a bit. Our poor waitress was running inside to our table and then going back outside to take care of patrons sitting out there as well. Food? As far as happy hour food goes, it is affordable to say the least. The cheese fundido dip with chips seemed to be the "go-to" for a lot of people. I also enjoyed the taquitos with guacamole. I wasn't overly impressed with the food, but it's happy hour food and it was decent, and it was absorbing the beer and margarita consumption fairly well, so my friends and I were content and happy. There's plenty of activities to be involved in outside. The stretch of sand where corn hole was played was right next to one of the baseball fields with a nice view of the sunset. There is also one nice sand volleyball court that was busy all night. As laid back as the place was I was surprised to see the crowd really "get down" with the DJ playing. Overall, it seems like a fun place to hang out at. I should know, we ended up staying there until 11ish that evening when we were supposed to stay just for happy hour.
3	Still a fan of the food but had a bad experience today. Went for happy hour and was 6 minutes early. Happy hour is from 3-7 pm but don't go even a few minutes early and expect to get a margarita at happy hour price. Our waitress did not let us know that she was charging us full price when we ordered and when the drinks were delivered and I asked if it was a happy hour margarita and I was told no, the system does not change until 3pm. It would have been nice and good customer service if we were told that if we ordered six minutes later the drinks would have been a lot less. We could have very easy asked for menus and water before we ordered the drinks but did not think it was going to be an issue. We have been to plenty of other restaurants that will honor happy hour prices a few minutes early or at least tell you that it starts in a few minutes before talking a drink order.We also ordered "table side" guacamole that we have ordered many times before that was made table side. Today it was brought over all ready prepared. Still as good but not the usual presentation that is expected when the menu states "prepared table side"Guess I just went on a bad day. Still like this place but will be more careful and ask more questions the next time.
2	I really didn't expect much from this place as it seems to be really a bar before restaurant. I also did get a groupon deal for $30 for $15 which eased the pain. Food was blah and boring. My wife had Fajitas which had old looking tortillas and entirely too much onion. I had enchiladas which were just boring. They did have alot of outdoor seating and must systems which leans towards bar not restaurant.The staff was friendly and courteous though.
2	First time visit. I sat inside with a group of six around 8pm. Service was pretty good, but food was definitely of below average quality. Especially for the price. I thought the food would make up for the exceptionally sweet, and definitely a store bought mix, margarita, but it didn't. Outdoor area seemed nice, and it was extremely busy. Probably wont be going back. Pricy food for what you get, pricy drinks unless it's happy hour, and awful margaritas.
3	I am giving it 3 stars for the ambiance - It's all outside, volleyball and cornhole, a view of a baseball field. You could probably even go barefoot. But they were very slow bringing out food and drink. Also, they have TV'S outside, but most are broken! The biggest problem is that they have no beers on tap! Really?! Who goes to a bar for bottled beer? Great bones but poorly executed...
2	The only thing that saved this horrid place from 1 star was the manager.  We tried this Saturday night with a  Groupon...nothing else would have motivated me to come here.  10 minutes to get a drink order.  Menus came out that didnt remotely match the website-they were the Spring Training menus (in October) due to their having an event...which I surmise was a lousy band outside.  Manager said he would try to make anything on the online menu happen-but no menu to provide so there we were looking on our phone to order.  Ordered the Steak avocado salad and a fajita burrito.  Tried to get th efamous fundido...sold out at 8pm.  We waited while my wife had a sugary mango margarita with a thimble of booze for a mere 8 bucks and I got a bottled SOL for $4.50 because evidently none of the tap beer worked.  Dinner came-Salad was basically a bowl of raw chopped white onions, burrito steak and hardly any greens.  My wifes fajita burrito was wet and basically full of rice for $13 with a cup of crusty refried beans.  The manager stpped in to check frequently and I felt bad for him as he was dealing with a complaint at every table surrounding us.  Even the Groupon couldnt save this place.  2 stars based on management effort...otherwise this was really a 1 star joint.  I think they are there to provide booze before a Padres/Mariners game in the spring.
3	Great atmosphere and service. The drinks on the other hand were not so great. The margarita was very sweet it was hard to drink we were disappointed. Dollar taco's were very yummy!
3	We went for happy hour and had the tacos. I had a beef and a chicken taco, my husband had a beef and pork taco. The chicken and pork tacos were good. The beef tacos were dry and bland. They warned us before that the beef tacos were fried. I love fried tacos, but not these. The house margaritas were delicious. I am not sure we will ever return, but it was decent.
1	Dining is not a pleasant experience tonight. My order was for hamburgers and they did not have any hamburgers so I had to place my order three times to get it right.  It's a bit chilly because of the weather and it is cold inside the restaurant and you will  need to wear your jacket while you dine .
3	A definite 3 star evening. We enjoyed happy hour on the patio for a friend's birthday recently. It wasn't terribly busy for a Friday evening but the server told us it's very hoppin' on Saturdays as they have a live band etc. The Happy Hour margaritas were tasty but the food was just kind of ok. Nothing overwhelming at all. If you are trying to entice people to come back for dinner, I would think you would jazz up the tacos and other foods, but I guess considering they are on the HH menu, they have to keep it toned down to keep it cheap. The salsa is good albeit a little more blended than I prefer. The chips though are very bland. They are served cold and not seasoned at all. At least give them a little toss of salt while they are still hot though I have a feeling that these chips aren't made on premises. While I could be more generous with the stars based on the service we received, I can't give more than 3 stars because even though we asked if we would still receive happy hour price for our margaritas when we ordered another round at 7:15 and our server said 'of course!' we got charged regular price for them. :( Not cool...and we didn't notice until after we left. :(
3	Good vibe on the patio, shitty service, great happy hour. Simple review for a simple bar. I wouldn't go here if I wasn't meeting someone who picked this place. Okay spot just not the best.
1	This place is a dump. The seats, tables, decor are dusty. The food took very long time when they only have 3 tables in the whole restaurant. When the food arrived it wasn't very good and they even charge if you ask for extra sauce.
2	First time visit.  Service was terrible. We had a trainee that was entirely too inexperienced to be left alone with customers. We waited 15 minutes from the time we got our drinks to order food.  He would set the food on the table with NO comment. No utterance. Who does the hiring here? You might want to hire people with personalities.The food was just okay.  Is there any management presence in this place?  Are they tasting the food? Are they requiring any kind of standards in service, food temp, and overall experience at all? I did not see any sign that anyone was showing leadership in this place.  It seemed so promising. They are sorely in need of a detail-oriented leader. I would not return her for anything other than drinks.
2	Go if you want to have drinks on the patio on a nice day.  Just expect to have to go to the bar to get your drinks because the service is not great .  The food isn't great on their normal menu and even worse on the spring training menu.  It's fun to have drinks at and play games outside.
1	Food is OK, tho they were busy so it took nearly an hour and a half to get it.  Their security guys are complete aggro d*cks tho. A friend tripped on the sidewalk and they "asked" him to leave for too many drinks.  Not really, they rough housed him out immediately and looked like they were trying to get him to start a fight with the 3 of them.  Bright side is our 20 person group can go somewhere else next year for the get together.  I'm sure we can get $4 bottles of domestic beer about anywhere.
5	My review is definitely biased. I work in the area and know a lot of employees here, who are all hilarious and competent.  I tend to drink way too much and have way too much fun. This place is so big, it is hard to get bored. Woooo go salties!
1	Disappointed, I used to come here a couple years ago it was fun. They had a good selection in their menu, food was great and an amazing margarita menu. Their menus are now only one page front and back, food is mediocre, they did away with the margarita menu, and to top it off they don't serve draft beer (who doesn't serve draft beer?!). Will not come back again. Only thing positive was service was good.
1	We went here on national margarita day....their blender was broken and they were unable to make frozen drinks. Huge disappointment.  Service,again, huge disappointment. It must be a miserable place to work because I did not see a smile from any employee, especially our waitress. Food....plain awful. The one thing this place has going for it is the outdoor patio. But even that is in disrepair. Their is nothing about this place that suggests that the owners or the employees care. Bottom line-we paid too much money for bad food and bad service just to sit outside. I guess we forgot it's Phoenix where there are many Mexican restaurants with outdoor patios.
2	Been here many times & now get a dirty, cheap corner bar feel. Dirty bathrooms tell me a lot & now they have someone providing "valet" service.
2	We tried this place out last year for spring training and service sucked. Drinks were good, food was good, environment was GREAT, lawn games, tons of seating, just an all around cool place. We weren't happy with our experience, but knew it had potential. Our only complaint was the waitress, so we figured this year we would try it out again. Tonight the restaurant was busy, but not packed. The waitresses were running around like it was their first day and seemed to have no clue what was going on. We weren't starving, so we were ok with waiting for our food. The waitress came back several times saying "im sorry, im sorry, the cooks are busy, its just soo busy!" It took us over an hour to get our food and we had only ordered tacos (it was taco tuesday) and two easy appetizers. The only thing that tasted good was the chicken tacos. The few of us who ordered steak could barely chew through the chunks of meat and even had to spit some out. My taquitos had obviously been sitting under a heat lamp for a long time, my guacamole even had a nice brown crust.  After we ate the waitress came out and basically bad mouthed the restaurant saying she would hurry out too "longest wait ever", when it was obvious that most of the negatives  we her fault (the people around us had a different waitress, larger groups, and still got food 30 minutes before us). Not professional at all. Its too bad, this place could be really awesome, we would probably go back most nights of our trip, but their staff sucks! I've never written a review before, but this experience compelled me to. Thanks saltys!
3	Great location in the Peoria Sports Complex. Kinda reminds me of a locals type beach bar and grill. Good happy hour food and drinks. Huge area with horseshoe pits, volleyball net and beanbag toss games. Fun place but beware lots of kids running around due to the young family draw of the baseball complex. Only had hot wings (not very hot), cheese quesadilla and nachos with beers and margaritas. All just ok.
1	I was at Salty's Peoria this afternoon after the spring training game and I was very unhappy with the service!  First of all, it took us almost an hour before a server came to our table.  We had to get our own menus while we were waiting for service and once a server came to our table and took our drink orders (she would not take our food order at the same time), it took another 15-20 minutes for our drinks; when we ordered the drinks we asked for chips and salsa--we were told that it would be at least 10 minutes because they were making the salsa--really?  This is not your first rodeo when it comes to serving the public after spring training games--as a matter of fact, you encourage people to come to your establishment after games--you should have had plenty of salsa ready to go.  (It took over 30 minutes before we got the chips & salsa.)  When we finally got our drinks, she took our food orders--that took another 20 minutes.  Then when the food arrived, it was wrong.  I decided to order the 2 taco special, but the server never came back to give her the order, so I only ate chips & salsa.  When we finally found our server, I ordered a beer--she forgot to bring it to me until I flagged her down and asked for the beer AGAIN.  I have been to this place many times, and sometimes the service is slow, but it has NEVER been this bad before.  Needless to say, she did not get a good tip at all.  But it was not all her fault--we flagged down a man several times asking for someone to serve us and he kept assuring us someone would be over--and we waited and waited--no one.  We should not have to hunt servers down.  Not impressed and not sure if we will return...very disappointed!P.S.  The bathrooms were dirty and they had someone asking for "tips" for handing us paper towels, really?
3	Decent food and drinks, it's all about the environment really.  This place butts up next to Peoria sports complex which is awesome for games and events like July 4th.  Their Cinco de Mayo celebration is awesome!  They have a sand volleyball court, cornhole, firepits, dj's on the weekend.  Bathroom situations suck and my car got broken into once that's why it gets three stars lol, otherwise it's a cool casual place to chill on the west side with family and friends
3	All I can say is "meh".I have been here on several occasions and I'm never impressed.  However...the environment is cool...the food and service leave a lot to be desired!  I should probably mention that I do not eat here...strictly a happy hour place.  I had a HORRIBLE experience at one of their other locations a few years ago...one so bad that even after several years, I refuse to eat the food.
3	So after a 7 year gap between visits, salty hasn't hardly changed all that much. Patio, bar, and firepit all still the same. But not all that bad though, had lunch today on the decently sized outdoor tables. Today was their 6 combination taco platter for 17 bucks. Not too outrageous because you get to pick and choose which of their tacos you want instead of 6tired of the same ones. Washed them down with a fair tasting margarita on the rocks, tasty but seemed like grocery store margarita mix. I do disagree with paying for a chips and salsa, most all mexican theme remstaurants offer free chips and salsa. Didn't quite make for happy hour so drinks weren't as inexpensive as expected. Not a bad place for mexican, but anyone should still read reviews before stopping in.
4	A fun outdoor environment with a shabby surf shack atmosphere. When I first walked in the place seemed kind of run down. The sprawling grounds had us meandering all around the property and no one was greeting us so I wasn't sure if we were going to get very good service. After finding a table out of the wind a server greeted us and gave us a menu. We ordered beer, nachos and a fried ice cream. I wasn't expecting much, but it was all very good. The setting was very pleasant with a view of a baseball field. Kids were playing volleyball and someone brought their dog. The music volume level was acceptable for the outdoor setting. The padded bar stool seating was very comfortable. This place would be good for groups of sports fans. A great outdoor place during our nice spring weather.
2	Food is usually subpar, and I don't think I've ever had prompt service here. I mean, it's a bar, so I don't expect much. But when your first round is finished by the time the waitress brings out the chips and salsa you ordered with it... Well. Side note: Salty's is a horrible neighbor. So many late night noise complaints from the music (sometimes on weeknights). But who am I kidding, who doesn't love dubstep at midnight on a Thursday?
2	We ate outside.  The service was good, but the meat in EVERY taco was horribly salty.  By that I mean it was so salty that it overpowered the rest of each taco.  The appetizers were good.  They just need more QC in the kitchen.
3	Delicious margaritas! Food is typical bar food, tacos are very good though. Fun outdoor activities but wouldn't necessarily bring the littles as there was glass in the houseshoe area.
1	The service is seriously lacking. Also there's a female bartender there that enjoys ignoring other females. Other than that, cheap specials. Fundido is good. This place is way too "west valley" for me so I probably won't be back, went for a friends birthday. If you enjoy mediocre service and bro dudes, this is your spot!!!
2	I could talk a blue streak about the terrible food and drinks, but other Yelpers already have and I don't like to beat a dead horse. The service.... the service.  6pm on a Tuesday and it was wall to wall vacant. We were there for 2 hrs and saw the server maybe 2 times after our food came. We sat with cold plates and empty drinks for an hour. We kept seeing him somewhere near the kitchen, but could not flag him down for anything. There was a table behind us that sat, ordered and paid before we even saw our server again, and these ladies had an app, cocktails AND entrees. The margaritas were also 95% triple sec. I wanted to get happy at happy hour and this place did the opposite.
1	Food poisoning, over priced, and mediocre service. I was there last night. The fish tacos  were small, $4 each, & have made me terribly sick today & unable to work. I asked the server a question she couldn't answer and she never sought help from her staff. But I did. And I got an answer. Also had to hunt down my own napkins, then salt and pepper, clean up my sons spilled drink by myself, and ask for a refill when the empty glass was right in front of her. Just sayin...
2	Well it lived up to its name. My salad was very salty. Food is mediocre and so were the margaritas. I will drive to cave creek for my mexican food because you can't beat El Encanto.
4	Super fun bar, hidden in Peoria behind the ball field... We went for lunch and the place was dead, but the service was still kind of slow... really good food and large drink selection, though.  Stop in just for the fun beach atmosphere.
2	The food was terrible, service was very slow, and the drinks were ok. Fun concept but this place needs a lot of work.
1	Well...sitting here with my man and we are NOT impressed. The decor is nice on the inside...but the service is non existent!! The beer selection is awful and their drafts aren't even working! One of the guys behind the bar seemed annoyed at us when we asked about the beer and the selection and did not even really sound enthusiastic to be working. We are sitting outside and see at least THREE servers. None have come up to its and asked us for anything. Honestly the fastest server was my boyfriend who had to go up to the bar for some ice water!!! Really?!?! C'mon. Not to mention the parking lot isn't lit up and the front doesn't have a light on the outside. It looked closed and kinda scary. I wouldn't come through that door alone. I'm only here for a friend's birthday. If it weren't for him I would never step foot in this placeOh...just to add..went to the bathroom. There is someone trying to sell knic knacks! I couldn't find the soap cause there was women's products all over the counter. And this picture on the wall
1	Save you money.  Worst excuse for Mexican food I have ever eaten.  Try Pedro's Mexican Food at 5 1st and Glendale.
1	Weak margaritas, stale food all around. While the wait staff was very nice, the food and drinks were pretty terrible. Will not be back...
2	This place isn't all that, the food was low quality for high prices and the whole place really needs to be deep cleaned. The outside of it is really cool, kind of a beachy atmosphere with beach volley ball and horse shoes. The tables inside were dirty the TV inside looks like there was dried on blood running down. The only reason I went was because of Groupon, that's the last time I do that. I went last winter on a Wednesday for happy hour and got 10 cents wings, I guess if I ever go back it'll only be on a Wednesday.
2	I have been here twice and both times the service sucked. And the food was not good. The only thing that I can say is good is the spinach queaso dip. We say outside by the outside bar/drink location and we watched several employees walk up reach there cups and hands in the ice bin !!! Yuck !!!!
5	The salty seniorRita in Scottsdale is a great joint. Very generous happy hour. Very good staff. Huge portions and the prices are very reasonable. The nachos are amazing. The burritos are very good and very large. Two dollar fireball shots. Five dollar margaritas. Try it out
2	Is this place still open?  We bought a Groupon for the Peoria location, drove a good 20 miles to get there and there were no cars, no people, nada.  Left feeling Salty towards this establishment with an unused Groupon.Second review , because this time they were actually open, yay. They get 3 stars for the sand volleyball, horseshoe pits, cornball, and close proximity to the baseball games at Peoria Sports Complex. BUT the service was whack, so I took a star away. Took forever for our waitress to come, then took forever for our beer re-orders.  The "award winning" margarita was just meh. The carnitas tacos? - don't bother, super greasy.  The one food plus - the calamari taco, yum!  Bottomless chips and salsa? Laughable- waiter took our chips mid-service and never returned, lol.  Insane service. Go for beer and sit at the bar.
2	So my boyfriend and I decided to visit this location after being thrilled with the recent facelift and menu upgrades to the Salty's in Scottsdale. Unfortunately and fortunately, our mediocre at best experience here has also reminded me to leave the Scottsdale location a stellar review (sorry Peoria!). We went on a Sunday and this place was ghost town dead. At first impression, this place seems like a cool hangout for weekend get togethers, but upon further look, you can definitely tell this place is in serious need of a facelift. The columns are missing chunks of tile, the tables and barstools have seen better days and are falling apart, and one of the tvs we couldn't tell if it was just old or if there was some dried substance running down it. Overall the place just looks dark and dirty. On to the food....The menu at this location is not the same updated menu from the Scottsdale location but still has similar dishes. We opted for "tableside" guac (our favorite), and the fundido. The appetizers came out lightening fast, which you would think is a good thing, but it was almost too fast. The guac was brought out to us rather than made tableside  and had brown oxidation and oil separated from the dip like it had been sitting out all day. You could tell from the taste as well it was not fresh. The fundido was similar, like congealed velveeta that had been sitting out too long. We also had to separate some chips out from our basket because they were soggy with oil. For entree we shared a 6 taco basket with chicken tinga, grilled steak, the mahi taco, and the breaded fish taco. My boyfriend described the tinga as "alright" and while the flavor of the steak was good, the pieces were minced so small that the texture was unappealing, almost like dog food. The chipotle crema saved the mahi taco but I think the taco was missing avocado slices, I couldnt remember from the menu if that was supposed to be included or not. The breaded fish taco was okay but was missing both avocado and sauce as described which was disappointing. Unfortunately, we're now both at home with upset stomachs, headaches, and nausea :(On the brightside, our server was nice and checked in on us often. No complaints there. Unfortunately this wasn't enough to convince us to return though; next time we'll probably go back to the Scottsdale location. It's sad, this place has so much potential I feel like they are just not taking advantage of.
2	I've been here a few times and the service is usually alright... It's been a few months since I had been so I decided to go for taco Tuesday. The service was absolutely horrible. One of the waitresses that I like to call little bitch kept walking right past us & continued to ask people who got there after us what she could do to help them... To describe her- she had short blonde hair with a half sleeve colored tattoo on her left arm. We waited for what felt like forever until someone approached us. Who happened to be Madisen who by the way was fantastic. If it wasn't for her I definitely would have given one star if even that. Seriously though she is the waitress to ask for. Screw the rest.
3	Second review , because this time they were actually open, yay. They get 4 stars for the sand volleyball, horseshoe pits, cornball, and close proximity to the baseball games at Peoria Sports Complex. BUT the service was whack, so I took a star away. Took forever for our waitress to come, then took forever for our beer re-orders.  The "award winning" margarita was just meh. The carnitas tacos? - don't bother, super greasy.  The one food plus - the calamari taco, yum!  Bottomless chips and salsa? Laughable- waiter took our chips mid-service and never returned, lol.  Insane service. Go for beer and sit at the bar.
1	I took my family to this establishment to see the local alternative band  The Love Me Not's who were to hit the state at 9 pm. We arrived at 8:15. The place, small indoor seating and large outdoor seating, was packed to the point where we couldn't find a seat outside. We went inside to order some food and wait until 9. Inside, it took 10 minutes before we were approached and given a menu. Drinks came quickly (iced tea, lemonade, and water) and we placed an order for nacho's when they arrived (8:30). By 8:55 the waiter approached offering us chips and salsa as we waited. I explained that we were there to see the 9 o'clock band and that we'd be outside shortly. A second waitress approached, the one who was supposed to be our server all along, asking if we needed anything. Being 9 PM I canceled the order and offered to pay for the drinks. She gave us the drinks for free. We went outside. The place was still packed and while we couldn't hear the announcement of the next band very well, we didn't hear them say anything similar to the Love Me Not's. Disgusted with the experience we left. We ended up at Old Chicago on Bell and had nacho's.The issues with this place are piss-poor management and a total lack of organization. I blame the kitchen for being slow (possibly understaffed).We didn't see or hear the band we came for, we didn't get the food we ordered.  I will not be coming back here again.
5	Live music, drinks, outdoor activities such as volleyball & horseshoes, plus fire pits and lots of outdoor seating. This place is cool!
2	Place to hang out after game for a few drinks. Had some fish tacos that had a strange smell. Below average service.  Not a fan
2	Second review , because this time they were actually open, yay. They get 3 stars for the sand volleyball, horseshoe pits, cornball, and close proximity to the baseball games at Peoria Sports Complex. BUT the service was whack, so I took a star away. Took forever for our waitress to come, then took forever for our beer re-orders.  The "award winning" margarita was just meh. The carnitas tacos? - don't bother, super greasy.  The one food plus - the calamari taco, yum!  Bottomless chips and salsa? Laughable- waiter took our chips mid-service and never returned, lol.  Insane service. Go for beer and sit at the bar.
