5	Really good people here! The food is also very good. Try the huevos rancheros for breakfast and the chipotle chicken sandwich at lunchtime. Good coffee and very reasonable prices.
4	New place - " Perked " up my day! Service- walking into an empty place is never fun, but my server"Hillary" walked right up and told me all about the place and, although not hungry made me feel like trying it out and having a bite. She was extreamly helpful and nice. an absolute delight!The Looks- It was slightly hard what to think , it was very nice and clean, which is so very important, although I got a cool hipster vibe  then a everyday local diner vibe. I wasnt sure how to take it. But It was sill welcoming.Grub a dub- The menu was very nice with lots of options to choose from , the standard stuff. All the breakfast and lunch basics and a few extras. No complaints!:) My food was fast, hot and super great! I am looking forward to having a second helping soon.Break it down Jess- Over all it being a new place still has some kinks to work out. But as far as good food and good service I highly recommend it!!I was happy to find it there really is nothing like it in the area so its a good find.They do cage free eggs and local bought items. Also organic food. (mostly) . I hope to pull up a chair next to you soon.* I filled out a comment card and received an email regarding everything I had mentioned rather quickly. I think this shows the dedication to making every guest welcome and not only does this show in the service but in the food as well. I hope its here to stay.
5	This place is very impressive. The food is all made in house and made with natural ingredients. You can really taste the difference! And the service was great too!
4	This is a great new neighborhood place and worth visiting.  All fresh ingredients, not pre-cooked.  All the servers are friendly and knowledgeable about the the menu - ask them why each item was named the way it was.  It may be empty at times, but then come at 10am on a Sunday!  Our only complaint is that the menu is set, we couldn't get a make your own omelet.... which is really a bummer at a breakfast spot.  Hopefully they'll change that.We have eaten here twice for breakfast and once for lunch and looking forward to going back soon.Finally, it's not a cheap place, but not overpriced either.  Reasonable value for what you're getting, and that's fair.
4	A great little neighborhood gem, went for breakfast Sunday morning, service was excellent, food was fresh & made to order - I almost hate for word to get out, since great breakfast spots = lines out the door in this town - but not only is this spot worth the yelp, I'd even wait in line (if I had to).
4	We ordered Perk today for a group lunch. It was on time, packaged wonderfully and really good!Everything was delicious!Thank you!
4	I had no idea this place was here and I go to this shopping plaza probably 2 or 3 times a week. I think its because its tucked in the far southeast corner so its pretty easy to miss if you're not looking for it.What can I say? I'm SO happy to have a new breakfast place that is cheap with good portions and menu choices. I ordered the veggie omelet which was good, oozing with cheese but I would have reviewed it as excellent if it had more veggies. Their rosemary potatoes might be almost as good as mine!My daughter ordered the Berry French Toast and this could honestly be a dish to split between two people. It was made with good bread (crucial in my book) may have even been brioche and they sure didn't skimp on the berries!The prices are very good too so if you need to feed a family on a budget this is a good place. Service was a bit slow but they were packed which is always a good sign.
3	Good food, but very expensive for a simple breakfast joint ($8-10 for most breakfast items). Also, the menu has very few healthy options...which isn't a problem for me, but is for my wife!  How about putting an egg white omelet on the menu?Seems to be family owned and does have a good atmosphere. But at these prices, I wonder how long it will be around. There were lots of empty tables on a Sunday morning, which has to be the bread and butter of a place like this.
4	My husband and i are always searching for great breakfast spots. These guys have the best pancakes in town, light and fluffy. Can't help but rave about their rosemary potatoes and their very tasty cilantro jalepeno sauce.My husband , the egg lover , has raved everytime he has ordered  something different on their menu.Especially like that their food is made with natural ingredients.  Service is very attentive
4	Great addition to area - which is missing good breakfast options. The brie, turkey, fig, egg combination was yummy and the Pete's steak sandwich was definately worth a return trip...
4	Yum.Just got back from Perk Eatery. I wanted to try it since it was new and got some pretty good reviews.Nice, bright, clean atmosphere. Great service! Very nice and attentive. My husband and stepson both had the Irishman omelet. They love corned beef and were delighted there was an omelet filled with it. I had the Mediterranean omelet. So good! Tomatoes, feta, spinach, garlic and a mouthwatering dill sauce on top of it. The rosemary potatoes that came with omelets were very tasty. Tastes fresh, not frozen. And the rosemary wasn't too overwhelming like they are in other breakfast places. (ahem- Matt's Big Breakfast) One of our toast options was a daily special, vanilla biscuits. They were sooo good. Portions were large, so my stepson didn't finish his plate, but my husband happily finished it for him. And I had the rest of his biscuit. :)Slightly more expensive than the Good Egg, but 10x better in quality. Everything tastes so fresh and homemade. Now if only they had mimosas and bloody marys...
5	Wonderful food,  wonderful friendly service.  Just a great family owned eatery.
4	Best grilled cheese with ham I've had in years. Service was amazing. I've heard that the breakfast is great, so I am going to try that since it was also suggested that the wait, unlike at every other place in town on the weekend, isn't painful.
3	Sampled the classic pancakes, Western omelet, and Gordo omelet. All good. The Gordo is definitely tastier than the Western. The Omelets are traditionally served with rosemary potatoes and toast.  Nothing outrageously good but if you need a place with great service and accessible, give this place a try. The price is on the high end for breakfast. The servers are more than attentive. Had 5 different people ask how we were doing on top of the typical rounds by our server. This place gets packed on the weekends. Less than 1/2 a mile from the Westin Hotel. Giving this place a 3, again its good but nothing stands out and the price point could be better.
5	I was very happy with my visit to Perk. Recently, one of my co-workers came in to work raving about the breakfast he had at Perk, insisting I try them out as well. Well I figure, who am I turn down such an endorsement? I couldn't be happier that I listened to him.First off, the atmosphere. This felt to me just like sitting around at a table at home with the family for a good old home cooked breakfast. The staff were all extremely friendly and good humored. All the patrons were relaxed and smiling. Everything was just right.Then we get the food... not only did it come out very quickly, but wow was it great. I actually had a lot of trouble deciding from the menu, everything looked so good. So I decided to go with a special the waitress mentioned which wasn't on the menu; biscuits and gravy. Simply put: wow. I may have had better gravy before, but I honestly can't remember when. I was in love from the first bite. The portion was absolutely perfect as well. I finished up my breakfast and was quite full, without being too stuffed.Needless to say I will be returning here. This has become my new breakfast joint in the area. Even for lunch. Because breakfast food is great any time of the day.
5	This hidden gem is my new favorite breakfast spot! The staff is SO friendly, and their menu has the right balance of unique choices along with the classics. They make everything from scratch and try to use organic ingredients whenever they can. My fave breakfast dishes are the brie-fig-spinach omelet or their southwestern omelet with chorizo and jalapeno cream sauce. Average entree price is $10.  I wish I could eat there every weekend!
5	I am a Perk fan! I have eaten here at least once a week for the past two months and have not been dissapointed. For Breakfast you can't go wrong with with pancakes, simply amazing. My fiance loved the Fancy Pants Scramble. For those that love Brie Cheese, this one is for you. For lunch, the best item is the grass fed beef burger with sweet potato fries. Great tasting burger and the fries are just awesome. I love the fact that they support local farmers and order grass fed beef. That is hard to find in this town, but I would gladly support any business that goes the extra mile for better ingredients. Add the always great service and this local joint a winner. If they started serving dinner, I would probably never leave.
5	Great breakfast spot.
5	Late Sunday morning, my husband I were looking for a tasty breakfast spot to dine.   Myself, being the ever-adventurous one, wanted to discover a new place to dine.  Perk Eatery (6501 E. Greenway Parkway #159, Scottsdale, AZ  85254) is the wonderful discovery I did indeed find on this Sunday.A spacious atmosphere, bright, clean and friendly is what welcomes you the minute one enters Perk Eatery.  We were immediately seated, even with the restaurant noticeably full.  At still 11 a.m. on a Sunday morning, Perk was still "hopping" and every server and the owner himself, Carmen Martinez, was busy moving along dishes from the kitchen.  Their menu boasts a wide array of breakfast and lunch delicacies.  Their meals are made fresh and from local organic products.  One can choose from a variety of egg dishes, pancakes or French toast, or if lunch is on your mind go for one of their burgers or sandwich specialties.Their combination dish of eggs, choice of meat (bacon or sausage link) and French toast is a must to try for any customer.   Their eggs are cooked to your liking and the sausage link is thick and juicy to the taste.  What is most amazing about this particular meal was their French toast.  Their French toast was soft, buttery, and grilled with the egg mixture just perfect.  Once coated with their syrup it made for a delicious combination in my mouth.What a delight to have found Perk Eatery, tucked away in this strip mall right off Greenway Road (Safeway Plaza).   I can hardly wait to try their lunch next time!   A hidden gem, it truly is, be sure to find your own favorites at Perk Eatery today.
4	I tried out Perk solely based on Yelp reviews.  Overall, it did not disappoint: they give a 5-star greeting and service is solid, the facility is very clean, and the food is pretty good.  We got the 2-egg, rosemary potatoes, and toast for $4.99 and a Mediterranean omelet for $7.99 (?).  The omelet was pretty tasty!  They also claim to use local and organic ingredients!
1	Perk overshoots right past Perkiness and straight into impertinence...So I hate to be the bearer of bad news when all the other reviews for this place are good, but honestly I had such an attrocious time that I have to balance the scales here a bit.Perk is right down the street from me and has been open about 8 months. We finally tried it this morning. I am going to have a hard time being convinced to go back.We started with high hopes that immediately got dashed at the door. Although the restaurant was about one third empty the hostess had a bit of hesitancy seating us and then put us at the one table directly in the traffic route to the bathroom. I asked to be seated citing the traffic and again she seemed hesitant as to where to put us (any of the other 10 or so empty tables would have been just fine) before seating us near the front door.The waitress came promptly enough for our drink order. J. asked for water to start and I requested coffee.  She came back a few minutes later with 2 waters and no coffee, dropped them off very fast and took off, I assumed to grab the missing coffee...and then the wait began. I started on the water and was a little surprised that it had the distinctive Phoenix tap taste to it. After several minutes of watching the other diners get their coffee refilled J. finally and politely asked if his wife could get the coffee she ordered. The waitress responded with a very tart and sharp "sure" and the coffee I ordered upon walking in was served with our meal.So, at this point I bet you are wondering about the meal...it's pretty hard to screw up bacon and eggs so that is what I usually order my first visit to a breakfast place (and I just plain like bacon and eggs). The plate arrived looking good with half the plate loaded with their signature rosemary potatoes and an english muffin. I opened my english muffin to find it warm but untoasted (yech) and sent it back...again, no apology or sympathy from the waitress, just that same smart "sure". As I was waiting I started on the potatoes to find that the rosemary was non existent and to be honest, at 9:30 in the morning tasted to me like they were cooked much earlier and kept warm. My english muffin at this point came back toasted so that I could enjoy that.At no point did the waitress come back to offer to refill my coffee. Now I don't know about you, but I have certain expectations when I'm spending 10 bucks on breakfast. They're simple but consistent. Bring my coffee promptly. When a mistake is made, acknowledge it and make it right and especially if multiple mistakes, apologize. And, when all of that is not accomplished, don't try to upsell by offering a pancake for dessert.This is truly a bummer because it is the closest real breakfast joint to my house and I was really wanting someone great to come in and earn my business....goodbye bycycling to Sunday morning goodness, I'll just continue to get in the car and drive farther for my Weekend morning fare.
5	perk is great!  the food is really good and comes out fast.  the staff is the friendliest around.  there is an einstein bagel's a few doors down - why go there? honestly - i wish more people in the community supported locally owned places like this instead of chains. the money stays right here in the community instead of being shipped out of state - and god knows this state needs jobs and money!  i'd highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Great little brunch spot. All local and organic food. Service was friendly, atmosphere was a little lacking. Will definitely go back.
5	I've eaten at this gem of a restaurant several times and I am so pleased that it is less than a mile from my house. The last time I ate there it was truly the best. I tried the Mediterranean omelet and it was so good I know I'll order it again and again. Service has always been top notch too!
1	Ok this place is HIGHLY OVER RATED! I really would pass. The food was mediocre are best, slightly cold when served. Asking for refills on coffee or ice tea was like waiting for Congressional Approval... The menu looks enticing overall, even gives one hope, but seems to fall desperately short of combining what promises to be really good combination of flavors. Unfortunately the service was just as abysmal. Nice people, sweet, like molasses's about the same speed.There are so many great places in the Metro Phoenix/Scottsdale Area.  Don't stop, keep on driving or go to Einstein Bagels next door. You will be much happier.
2	We tried Perk Eatery this weekend and were very disappointed.  I was with 2 others who were also very new to AZ, so we picked the restaurant based solely on online reviews.  I was nervous upon arrived based on the 'grand opening' sign out front.  I'm not sure when Perk Eatery opened, but new places always seem to be hit or miss.  Let me say that our server was awesome.  He was very friendly and very quick.  No complaints there.  However, the food was OK at best and for 8.99 + drink a person my expectations were a bit higher.  I got the biscuits & gravy that was on special.  They were fine (I've had much better), but I did NOT enjoy the rosemary potatoes.  The rosemary was overpowering and the potatoes were mushy, not crispy.  My boyfriend got some sort of omelet and our friend had the pancakes.  None of us were thrilled... Save your money or go elsewhere!
5	I'm pretty shocked at some of the poor reviews of this place. In the last 2 days we've eaten both breakfast and lunch there. For breakfast, we had pancakes with caramelized bananas and the special breakfast burrito. Both were fantastically prepared and delicious. The service was super friendly and everybody was treated like old friends. The owner came out to greet us and have some conversation. I guess if you don't like this behavior, then you would be happier at Einstein's, where they serve the world's worst bagel. For lunch, we had the Lozaya, a sandwich with wonderfully seasoned grilled pork, caramelized onions and sweet red peppers. Fantastic! We also had the Perky Turkey salad, everything fresh, well assembled and very delicious. We would go back to this place at any opportunity.
4	Breakfast places aren't abundant in 85254 land and this place is a welcome choice. Friendly staff and the chef even made rounds with the customers! The menu has the regular along with savory unusual.If you tired of McBreakfast and don't want rooty tooty then Perk is your place.
5	Found this place on "around me" and we fell in love with it! The food was fantastic and our waiter, Willie, was awesome. I'm going back again on Sunday! Fresh, organic foods, and the flavors are incredible. I had the Baja omelet which consisted of grilled chicken, bacon, onions, and chili's. So good! And the homemade salsa was out of the world!!!
5	I'll start by saying that I have eaten here 4 times in 3 days, and each meal was better than the last. Cage free eggs, all natural meats, and everything made to order.My first visit was a birthday breakfast surprise from my husband. It was late morning on a weekday, not crowded, excellent service, and the food was great. Coffee was great too, even the decaf, which to me is a sign of a place that pays attention to detail. He had the Fancy Pants Scramble and I ordered french toast with caramel-banana-pecan topping. We chatted with the owner/chef, nice guy and very committed to great customer service and quality food.We decided to go back the next day (Saturday) to try the pumpkin pancakes, the weekend special. These were, hands down, the BEST pancakes I have ever had. Moist but not doughy, nice egg-iness, a little pecan crunch, perfectly sweet, and plenty on the plate. For a slightly healthier meal to balance it out we got egg whites and an English muffin. Fresh, hot and served just the way I asked for it.Same day my family, visiting from out of town and hungry for lunch, requested a place that served all-natural meats. Perk Eatery, here we come! Lunch was even better than breakfast! They roast their own turkey and corned beef. The corned beef was perfectly salty and very lean without being dried out. We had corned beef ruebens, turkey ruebens, sweet potato fries, salad with goat cheese and pinot noir onions....and pumpkin pancakes for dessert. (Did I mention it was my birthday?)Before they left for the airport the next day they begged us to go back for breakfast. Pumpkin pancakes for the table, corned beef hash with rosemary potatoes/swiss cheese/eggs, huevos rancheros, Mediterranean omelet, just a sampling of what we had. Everything was delicious and cooked perfectly.My only regret is not having tried this place earlier. Don't let the reasonable prices and casual decor mislead you - this is a true gem!
4	This was our second time there - I really liked it and my husband didn't - he suspected that the menu had been changed with a decrease in choices.  Regardless, the first time there - I had the tuna fish - very good.  This most recent time - the Pete Steak sandwich - very good and a bit messy.  Service is very good and we had the same server both times - who highly recommends their pancakes - hmmm......'FYI - if you order the lemonade - there are no free refills.Give it a try - I would go back - without my husband though.
4	This is a locally owned breakfast spot run by people that obviously care. I tried the country-style corned beef hash, and I'm excited to go back and sample more of their unique dishes. I with they would dim the lighting a little.
4	My girlfriend and I stumbled on this place while doing some early morning errands and we were both pleasantly surprised. It's nice, clean, well lighted and locally owned, which is a big plus for us considering the amount of chains in my area. We ordered french toast and their Pumpkin pancake special. They both were really great, to the point of being stuffed -  we skipped lunch altogether. She ordered a cappuccino, which she wasn't too thrilled with, and that was the only knock. My standard cup o' coffee was just fine.The service was attentive and all of the staff was incredibly friendly. We will definitely be going back.
5	Specials (pumpkin pancakes today) are great!  Super friendly staff.
5	I love this place!!!!!! Great service and AMAZING breakfast.
4	My hubby LOVES this place!  We just moved into the area and were looking for a close breakfast place.  The food it good (not 100% to my liking but that's just my taste buds).  The staff is very friendly and they have a few tables outside for when the weather is nice.  Inside is a large, high-ceiling one-room restaurant.  It's clean and consistent.  Again, don't let my taste buds defer you from trying this place out.
4	Good food, nice atmosphere, locally owned!!
4	Perk Eatery definitely has its perks. It's convenient and easy to spot, large enough so that a wait on a Sunday morning isn't bad at all and has outdoor tables for enjoying a leisurely Sunday brunch day. Plus, they had some pumpkin pancakes that I demolished in 5 seconds. Good food, good portion sizes, good service. The staff here is very friendly! All in all this place made for a pleasant Sunday brunch day experience.
5	Had breakfast on Saturday....homemade hash and eggs!  The coffee was great and the staff was prompt and friendly!    I recommend this place for a good meal!!!
4	I went here yesterday for lunch with my mom. This place is very close to her house and she, my brother, niece, and nephew frequent Perk for breakfast. So when we went in, someone (I think the owner?) greeted us and was wearing like a checkered hat and just seemed like a generally nice guy. We were seated in the small, but comfortable dining room. I ended up ordering the napa valley salad to split with my mom and a cup of chicken noodle soup and she got eggs and potatoes. The kitchen actually split the salad into two bowls, which was a really nice touch! The salad was Ah Maze Ing! Soooo good. It has a really creamy feta, wine soaked onions, walnuts, and apples on top of spinach with a creamy balsamic dressing. I could have licked the bowl, this salad was so good. The soup was also tasty, but nothing super special. My mom's rosemary potatoes were really good, with enough seasoning to give them a tasty flavor and her eggs were cooked perfectly. I will definitely come back here again and try one of their wonderful sounding breakfast items (yesterday they had pumpkin pancakes....yum! but in the name of being 'healthy' I skipped them yesterday, and instead ate a bunch of feta cheese (ha!)....*sigh). So go here! You won't be disappointed!
5	Simply put, this place rocks. The only way it could get better would be for them to open a location in downtown Phoenix.Amazing food, perfect service, and a great value make this place a home run. I've only been here two times, but was already made to feel like a regular, which is awesome. Perk has great ambiance, is very clean- and the service is wonderful.In addition to great dine-in food, they have take-out which is fast and accurate. Keep up the great work Perk, I look forward to many more tasty breakfasts!
4	Delicious food, fair prices, only knock is they don't take Amex.
5	Excellent breakfast!  This place actually serves a big omelet.  Why is it so hard to find a big omelet??  These places that specialize in breakfast, and give you a tiny, flat, skimpy omelet??  Why??  Anyways, I digress...The eggs are perfectly cooked... and generous, very good rosemary potatoes, and great coffee.Excellent, excellent service!  Fair prices.  Very clean!!  A gem for breakfast!
4	The breakfast choices were interesting, a nice change from the standard ingredients and presentations.  I also liked the coffee drink selections, they have much more than just plain coffee.  Overall I found the quality to be very good, though the price is a little high for breakfast.  I do not eat in Scottsdale very often, but this was a good breakfast choice.
5	The owners, food and service are always fabulous!  Very reasonable prices. Great ingredients. Great atmosphere.
4	I went here a couple of weeks ago for a Smunch get together.  We had a group of about 10 spread across two tables.  This was sort of a basic breakfast/lunch place but a bit on the larger side and with lots of diners it had a good feel to it.  Service was great and they did not bat an eyelash at the few special requests made.My first menu choice was eliminated because they did not have gravy that morning so I went with the potato pancakes.  Not impressed, they were very sweet owing to the onions chosen and were thin and burnt a bit around the edges.  The side of corned beef hash however was excellent, shaved corned beef mixed with their rosemary potatoes.Being a half hour drive in the wrong direction I wouldn't go back on my own but I would certainly recommend it for a meeting place with somebody in the area.
5	We've been want to go for breakfast for some time.  Sat outside with my wife and chihuahua at this dog friendly restaurant.   Staff brought a dog bowl with water.   Service was very friendly and timely.   I had the Baja omelet with egg white - yummy.  Wife enjoyed the Perk Scramble.  Very pleasant experience.  We may become regulars : )
4	After getting my car fixed this random Tuesday around lunchtime I was prompted to stop to pick up some lunch on my way into work.  This was at the end of a Safeway shopping center and looked a lot more healthy than Blimpie and Humble Pie.  I decided to give it a shot.  After looking at the prices I was a bit concerned, but then the nice man at the booth in the front of the place told me the special I was intrigued.  Gyro with vegetable soup.  Sounded delicious. The gyro is flavorful and even when I asked them for a side of tatziki sauce they told me that I wouldn't need it.  They were right.  The gyro was delightful, fresh and exactly what I was wanting.  The vegetable soup was hearty and even their chai tea latte was amazing.  I was a bit bummed that they had no soy or almond milk, but that was only worth 1 star on my review.  Other than that this place is a must try.  If I lived nearby I would stop in regularly for breakfast.  Cute little place!
5	"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" is right.  This is our absolute favorite breakfast spot!  We come here at least one a week.. if not more.  Some of our favorite include The Border Patrol, Outlaw Scramble, Banana Nut Pancakes and The Mediterranean.  The service could not be better.  The staff, including the owners, are always friendly and do whatever they can to make sure their guests are satisfied.  Often times the chef and manager will come by and check on the tables and say hello.  The chef even runs the food to make sure it comes out hot and gets to the table as soon as its off the griddle.  The food, service and atmosphere are top notch!  We will continue to return because it's a true AZ gem.
1	I have no idea how this restaurant has such a high rating. We have gone 3 times with high hopes since the reviews are so great but each time we have left disappointed. Today, we received burnt, cold food with sub-par service. The manager who is great by the way, said he would take 50% off after seeing the burnt food. After waiting a very long time for the check, only one meal was taken off (not 50%) which made us even more dissatisfied. We won't be giving it another try.
4	One of the better breakfasts I've had in a while.Went to Perk with some friends on a Sunday morning. We arrived around 9AM so I was not surprised that there was a wait. I don't mind waiting for a good breakfast but what I do mind is when they tell you it's going to be 10 minutes and it's really like 30. Always overestimate your wait times, people!Anyway, onto the food. I ordered the 2 egg breakfast with slow roasted pork. It also included their rosemary potatoes and toast. OMG the pork was delicious!! It was nice and juicy and very flavorful. It came with a sauce but it was good just by itself. I wouldn't have really thought of this type of meat for breakfast but with the eggs and potatoes it was the perfect combination. The potatoes were really good too. I like my potatoes a little more "done" so I thought they were great although I could see how someone could consider them overcooked.The portions were quite large and I thought the prices were fair. For five of us the bill came to around $60 and that included tip. Not bad in my opinion.It was a little loud for conversation but to be expected at a diner on Sunday morning. It would be great if they opened a location on the south end of town, hint hint!!
3	After hearing that the owners of Perk Eatery were from Michigan, I think I got my hopes up that they'd be able to make fluffy omelettes like I get back home... unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  However, I did enjoy my meal at this little locally owned restaurant.  I met a friend at Perk for a weekday lunch last Wednesday.  I'd been wanting to try it for awhile and wasn't surprised to find it hiding in a strip mall (like so many little gems here in AZ).  The atmosphere was nothing special but we chose to sit outside as it was a beautiful day.  My friend had an omelette and I had a Greek Salad.  The service was not attentive despite the fact that there were few patrons while we were there.  (I have a feeling they get slammed for weekend brunches though).  The food was good; not mindblowing, but decent.  I like the fact that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients.  One more perk is that I believe they have free wi-fi (but I cannot attest to using it).Would I return? Sure.  Am I rushing back? No, but I don't want to deter you from checking it out.  And please let me know if you are more "perked up" after dining at Perk than I am!
3	5/10/12Finally made my first visit today.  Funny- I told the greeter that I'd been waiting to try Perk for years, yet I added the bookmark just last year.  May 8, 2011, to be exact.  Anyhoo, the restaurant looked better than a roadstop diner- a lot better.  After reading a few reviews, I was expecting worse.  There were actually some nice pieces of wall art.  Overall, I liked the energy inside, even though there were only two or three other diners present at the time.  Since I'd already checked out the menu online, I had two choices in mind to try (French toast or pancakes), which would depend on what the daily/weekly special was, and what the "nut" was in their caramelized banana nut topping for the pancakes, French toast, and waffles.  Since the special "for a few days" was Pumpkin pecan pancakes and pecans were the only nuts on hand, and I've a pecan allergy, I was reduced down to the fresh berries topping, and so I ordered the French toast combo, with soft-scrambled eggs, spicy chorizo ($7.99 menu price) and a cappuccino ($2.99).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Xs2iTWxbczvfEapAFH3cyw?select=U_9TbY3TyP4eFbaeCe9RSQ#U_9TbY3TyP4eFbaeCe9RSQWas excited to try another organic eatery since there are only a few in town, but I'm a bit disappointed on this first visit to Perk Eatery.  The eggs were fine, and the spicy chorizo complemented them well.  (The salt in the chorizo created a nice balance with the unseasoned eggs!)  The French toast had a nice crisp to them and were not at all greasy, but I guess I was just expecting more.  It didn't have enough custard for me, and I suppose I'm used to a little bit more decadence... mascarpone cream, caramel, creme fraiche, or just plain butter, even.  At least the pancake syrup was 100% maple.  (Can't recall if it's organic, though.)  The eggs served here are local Hickman Farms cage-free, so that's a plus.  Would love to see this updated to organic in the future.  The cappuccino was made with organic Passport coffee, and it was good, but I'm not used to seeing such a stark white froth, and so thick!  No matter- I got over it  quickly.  :)Restaurant and women's restroom were clean and organized.  Service was friendly, and I liked the frequency in which Daniel and other employees (owner/managers?) came by to check up on things.  I thought it cool that someone (he struck me as a manager, or co-manager) handed me another napkin just a couple of seconds after maple syrup dripped from my plate onto the napkin on my lap.  Good eye!  While the French toast was, to me, underwhelming, it hasn't stopped me from following Perk Eatery on Twitter to try the Lemon-ricotta pancakes when they're on special.Note to Perk: Please update your breakfast menus to reflect the price change of the French toast combo.  A $2 upcharge for a one-person ticket is no big deal, especially if everything on the menu is organic, but I don't know if I'd be as nonchalant about it if I brought in a larger party and the ticket reflected a higher discrepancy...
3	I went a few sundays ago to grab some quick breakfast before work. I was really in the mood for a good omelet and coffee. The actual restaurant was exactly what i expected, not a cheap roadside dump but a busy sunday morning diner with some classic breakfast food. I ordered the omelet and it was an extremely generous portion. The food wasn't outstanding but wasnt bad either, really just your basic breakfast food. The service was alright, very nice but it seemed like they were very busy and not overall attentive. In the end, i wouldnt say i loved Perk, i may go back some day but I cant say i will hurry back
4	Great restaurant! Everything is freshly made. Green jalapeno salsa is not so spicy but oh so tasty. Veggie omelette was so delicious as were the carmelized banana waffles. Only half mile from Westin Villas
5	Great breakfast. Quality ingredients and good service. The Irishman is awesome.
5	I get to Phoenix two or three times a year for family visits and when I am in town this is my "go to" place for consistent, quality food at an affordable price. Breakfast is great- I am a particular fan of the huge omelettes and the potatoes. There are also plenty of delicious lunch items to choose from too. Place is at the end of a Safeway shopping center strip that also contains an Einstein Bagels and a Starbucks but Perk is the clear choice if you can get a table. It does get busy at the typical times, but there is outdoor overflow seating and the wait (if there is one) is never too long. Place is clean and the staff could not be any nicer- from the owner to the busboy they all seem genuinely pleased to have you in their restaurant. Give it a try- you won't be sorry.
4	Excellent breakfast.  Portions were more than ample, service was attentive.  You could tell the place draws it's regulars, but it's a good option for visitors as well.  I had an egg sandwich on ciabatta bread, and my partner had pancakes.  We were both pleased.
4	We were delight to see chorizo on the menu.  They had a varied menu with many breakfast options.My daughter's had the run for the border platter and really enjoyed it.I had a breakfast burrito with chorizo as did my son.  Everything came out quickly and the staff was pleasant.
4	I was staying at Kierland Villas with my sisters for the weekend and checked Yelp to find a good breakfast place near the hotel and we found Perk. Lucky us. It was really terrific. The best part was the service, just nice, helpful and really attentive. The food was good, I had a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese and bacon on whole wheat. Delish. I ordered a fruit plate on the side to counter balance the fat. It was great fruit, blueberries, strawberries and melons. My sisters had omelets, waffles and eggs everyone was happy. I ordered the special coffee and it was very good. Atmosphere was nice, your basic strip mall neighborhood restaurant. If I find myself up in North Scotts I would eat here again.
3	Tried this with my husband after church one Sunday. He had a burger and enjoyed it. I had a yogurt/fruit plate. I was disappointed.  It had a small cup of yogurt in the middle and a few blueberries, strawberries, cantelope around it. For $9. Not a deal. The next time I had the BLT and fries- they did them the way I like them- scorched hollow tubes- tortured- I want to hear them screaming from the kitchen. And they were. ;-)
4	Visiting Scottsdale from out of state and looked for a place for breakfast near our condo. Lived up to it's reviews. Great food, fast service, good prices. Loved their chorizo omelette and rosemary potatoes were fantastic. Not too much rosemary and just the right amount of garlic.
4	It was OK... BUT...  they don't take American Express.  I realize this might sound picky... but it seemed strange that a restaurant (in a high tourist area) doesn't take AMEX - especially in this day and age.  Ok - moving on from that disappointment - the food was great.  I had a sandwich and my friend had a salad.  Both were very good and we thought nice value for the prices.  We also had GREAT coffee.  Beautifully prepared cap & latte.  The service was super friendly and accommodating.  The owner came over and chatted with us and was a really nice lady. I love to support a local spot near my house and the food was great.  I would have given it 5 stars if they took AMEX...  I wouldn't take a crowd or have a business meeting there since I can't use my preferred credit card.  But I would go back for a quick bite with someone.
3	A little more pricey than some other breakfat joints but the big portions and waitstaff make up for that.  Everyone has a smile and very attentive.  Nice, bright and upbeat inside (despite being in a strip mall)  I agree with other reviews that the rosemary potatoes are awesome.  One word of advice save the speciality coffee drinks for starbucks and just order the old fashion kind (you know the one that comes from a pot).
3	My co-worker Tom suggested this today for lunch, I had the breakfast burrito, Not bad. The tables and chairs and atmosphere say "self serve" until the waiter comes up and fools ya.
4	Amazing food! Good service, my coffee was bottomless! Try their French toast yumm!
1	If your looking for your normal breakfast don't come here if your looking for modern breakfast with a twist then you might like it here. I just wasnt a fan of rosemary potatoes in the morning or slow roasted pork with eggs.
4	We were in Scottsdale for the Thanksgiving Holiday and wanted an easy breakfast away from our hotel.  Perk Eatery definitely fit the bill.Perk is a pleasant cafe serving up good breakfast and really good coffee as friendly as can be.  You'll find old standards on the menu along with some more unique options.  A lot of the menu has a southwestern bend to it.  My wife ordered a breakfast burrito that she was enamored with.  I had a Sonoran-inspired scrambled egg offering that suffered from excess moisture from the salsa, but was quite appealing.  Our son enjoyed his pancakes and toast.I would recommend Perk to anybody.  Especially those that may have small children.  It's located in a strip mall as are most things in Scottsdale.
3	I saw this had good reviews on Yelp and even though it's near ten miles away from moon valley we thought we'd give it a try. This restaurant is located in a storefront in the far southeast corner of a shopping center. Best access is through the side entrance at 66th Street just south of Greenway. Parking was plentiful.This isn't a large place, might seat 100 or so in one bright, naturally lit room. It also has a low counter with round stools for 6-8. It was full when my girlfriend and I went at about 9:30 AM this past Sunday morning, though we only waited about 10-15 minutes to be seated.  There's no space designated inside to wait and there's only a few chairs outside to perk oneself until personally summoned by the hostess. I noticed there weren't any misters or shade to be had in the general vicinity so I would imagine an outside wait in the summer would be brutal.I really didn't find any menu combinations that I instantly fell in love with; I wanted a pancakes, eggs, potatoes and bread combination but I had to order a pancake on the side and settled for an english muffin when I really wanted something more substantial like a bagel. Einsteins bagels is two doors down, you'd think they'd take advantage of the convenience and incorporate bagels into their offerings. I had a small orange juice, it certainly tasted like fresh squeezed and was good but they charge like there's gold dust sprinkled in it.My girlfriend ordered the sausage/mushroom/onion omelet- while she said she liked it, she would have been happier minus the sausage as it was a ground type as opposed to sliced and was ambiguously flavored (not spicy, not sweet).  She enjoyed the coffee but the wheat toast came incorporated with what looked to me like a combination of seeds and nuts. She didn't bother eating it and thought that information is pertinent to many diners and should be listed on the menu or acknowledged by the wait staff when offering bread selections. She did enjoy the coffee.The service was standard and the price was a bit more than we like to spend on a simple breakfast; $22 and change including tax, $28 out the door including tip. While there are a number of rave reviews on here about the rosemary potatoes, while we found them just fine we thought they were a bit over-rated and over- powered (taste-wise) the other food on the plate. Maybe best suited for lunch or dinner.Given the multitude of options, we both agreed we wouldn't be making a return trip even if in the area.
5	Waiters are very personable and take the time to make sure all your needs are meet. By the time you are ready to leave, they charmed their way to a 20% tip. Food is pricey considering the quantity but you pay for the service and a well thought out, simple menu.
4	This is a cozy little place in a strip that you would not notice unless someone told you to meet them there.  I am lucky as I happen to live around the corner.  Great service and food.  The chef or cook or manager is very attentive.    I guess I am not sure as he has the chef's hat on and also comes around to make sure everyone enjoys their food. And the rest of the staff is very nice.  The rosemary potatoes are nice change to basic hashbrowns (of which I am always a fan).  Oh and you can get lattes and caps, as well as, regular coffee and tea.  I recommned it.  And during the week there is never a wait.
4	Staying over the The Westin Villas and looking for a non-hotel place for breakfast.My fellow yelpers never let me down!Perk was about a 2 minute drive (really, we should have walked), located in a strip mall.  It's a little place, but we were seated right away.  There appeared to be lots of locals milling about.Ordered the banana, caramel walnut pancakes, and the hubby ordered the same by in the waffle.  Felt almost guilty as it was like eating dessert for breakfast.  Totally hit the spot!I rarely give a 5 star review but consider this one a 4 1/2.  Would return again if ever in the area.
3	Had pretty high expectations 1st time coming here, was not wowed by any one thing. The Steak and Eggs with Rosemary Potatoes were good. One of the better Breakfast Steaks that I have had, expected a flat dry slab of meat but had 3 thick small pieces that were very juicy and flavorful. Was on the list of places to try and when I heard DDD had filmed there for a future show it pushed us to go.A few of the breakfast places in San Diego have placed high standards for us which none of the AZ breakfast restaurants have been able to match.Service was okay, was seated by an open door which felt tike a wind tunnel.
4	I eat here about once a month.  Great food and always consistant.  Love the Outlaw Scramble.  Giant portions and excellent service.  Lunch is good too, but I prefer their breakfast.
5	Awesome find, one of the best kept secrets in Scottsdale/Phoenix ( thanks from my friend Tim)Corned beef hash, Huevos Rancheros was off the hook .. Even  the owner was out working tables and greeting customers - love to see that old school service. Food was exceptional!!
5	We happened upon this place last spring when we were in Arizona for business and boy are we glad we did!The interior is adorable and very diner-esque.  The french toast is divine. Scrambled eggs with brie and spinach sounds gross but tastes great.  I can't remember now what else we had but it was one of our more memorable breakfast meals in that week.
3	My recent breakfast at Perk was OK.  The food was good, but the lackluster service will make me think twice about coming back.My mom and I both enjoyed our breakfast burritos (mine with bacon and hers with ham).  They were smaller than I anticipated, but tasted good, especially when topped with the side of cilantro jalapeno sauce.  However, our waitress was pretty brusque - no interaction at all after taking our orders.  It would have been nice if she could have managed to come by to check on us, refill our water/my mom's coffee or even make eye contact at all.  The restaurant was NOT busy - less than half of the tables were occupied.  I had to ask the hostess for both a water refill and our bill.  When our waitress finally showed up with the check, she slapped it on the table without even breaking her stride, all while looking out the window.  Hello!?  No 'thank you', or 'have a nice day'.Eh...  I can make my own breakfast burrito, thanks.
3	The food here was just OK. I had an egg scramble with egg whites. Good but nothing that stood out. The flavor of the rosemary potatoes were good but they definitely could have cooked longer. My husband got the Carmel banana French toast. Would've been really good if the toast wasn't so dry. Maybe we came on an off day. I'll defiantly try it again.
5	Nice breakfast spot for some very tasty food.  The potatoes are awesome with rosemary seasoning and the bacon is thick and crispy.  I'm a fan and would go back again.
5	What a great experience. Cute place, friendly staff, and the Bahama Mama sandwich was amazing. One of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted. I'd fly back just to eat here!
5	Long overdue writing a review of my favorite local breakfast place!  Ingredients are fresh and menu is pretty diverse.  Big fan of the Lozoya sandwich for lunch and the Carmelized banana pancakes for breakfast!  Good to see them getting recognition from Phoenix Mag and the Food Network
5	Wine Country French Toast & Chicken on the Coop
5	Love this place! Have eaten here for both breakfast and lunch and both equally great...have turned many friends on to the Perks breakfasts..and they also love it. Your staff is the best and the owners always come around and asked how your meal was...quality food served with great portions...and just delicious! Keep up the good work...your food is outstanding!
5	My favorite place!  The last time my husband and I were in Scottsdale we ate there 5 out of 6 days for breakfast and one day lunch.  We had something different every day and we were not disappointed - my favorite was the pancakes - yum!!  We always have the best service and the staff remember us when we come back in the area.  We love that, feels like home and I drink my morning tea a certain way and one waiter always remembers even if its months between visits.  I can not recommend Perk enough, food is wonderful and service is great!  Can't wait to go back.
5	Super friendly owners, fast service and delicious food.  Try the Chicken on the Coup!
1	Purchased a LocalDine and was anxious to try the place.  Went on Fri 5/24/13  to find out that their contract expired on 5/20 so they would not honor my July expiration coupon.  Food was very mediocre and not impressed with any of our three choices.  One slice of turkey in a $9 sandwich!!  Yikes.  We will not return.
4	Caught it on a good morning.  The place was humming and, unlike other reviewers, our service was spot on.  I appreciated some of their innovative takes on the standard breakfast menu, specifically the breakfast enchiladas.
4	We have now been to Perk three times in the last three weeks.  We eat breakfast/brunch out every day and happy to have found this restaurant.  The waitestaff is great...the menu is wonderful....and the food is terrific.  Very innovative creations.  My only negative is, that I feel badly for people who come in by themselfand the hostess says "ONLY ONE"!  It really sounds awful and not very tactful. Otherwise, a fan.
5	Great food.  All three of us enjoyed our meals.  Wasn't healthy but was delicious!
3	Had a pulled pork dish. Forget what it was called exactly. It didn't blow me away.I really wish i had some of the dishes that my family had,. I probably would have given 4 stars if i did. But cause my dish just wasn't that great, we stay at 3 stars.Would i be back? yes of course.The place was good, service was fast, it was clean. Only thing to ask for was a better dish for me
5	An excellent choice for breakfast in the Valley. We stopped in for breakfast on Father's Day. We opted to share the Chicken in the Coop and Breakfast Enchiladas. Both of savory options topped with eggs. Really like both of them. They are very large portions and very well prepared.N*Joy....
5	Excellent!!!  Had the chicken on the coop, potato leek pancakes and huevos rancheros.  Will definitely be coming back.
3	Nice little neighborhood place for breakfast. We walked in and was greeted right away. The service was friendly, welcoming and had a few people asking about our meal. We order and then boom, the food was at our table. Very quick. I ordered the Irish omelet and it comes with rosemary potatoes and your choice of toast. Thought the omelet was fluffy and pretty good. I thought the amount of food was very reasonable. Not too much and not too little. My wife had the scramble eggs and fruit and just gobbled it up. I had sour dough toast and my wife had white toast. I thought the food was good but nothing special.
3	After hearing rave reviews about Perk, I finally made it today. The place was packed yet  the wait was minimal. The waitress came promptly to our table to get our drink order...People came in after us and were served before us...even though we had already ordered and their order was more complex than ours. Didn't like that...made me feel awkward.The waitress kept referring to us as "you guys"...that really irritated me and got old really fast after she said it five times. I was in the company of a classy 77 year old lady friend and I dot feel it is appropriate to be addressed as such in a restaurant setting...a little too casual and tacky in my taste...I had the breakfast sandwich and my friend had a pancake and both were very tasty.While the food was good, I am dinging two stars for service for the items stated above. Call me harsh, I disagree as I do not judge a book by its cover but more by reading the whole experience...so I would say that maybe Perk is a little overrated. They are successful and good for them!...but I would not go out of my way to have breakfast there again.
4	The food here is amazing and the service is very friendly.  A bit tucked away in a strip mall,  but well worth seeking it out.
5	Great place, and exceptional food. Our waitress was caring, quick and courteous. Food was out within 10mins, very nice for our little kids. They can definitely benefit from a nicer hostess, who doesn't tell people to close the outer door, or maybe kindly asks!
1	Sat at the counter and the manager was yelling at the help for most of our visit.For me this spoiled the experienceThe food was good, but I won't be going back as I like at little serentity with my food
5	Yeah, this place is delicious - I orderd the Bahama Mama (marinated chicken with grilled pineapples and other good stuff). The chicken was moist and very flavorful. It was oozing with some special sauce that was Mmm Mmm Mmm. I didn't try the other items, but the people I was with ordered the potato pancakes, cameralized bananas (waffles and french toast) and a burger, and those items all looked delicious, too. They also raved about how tasty everything was. The place was clean and the staff was friendly. :) I'd definitely make a 40 min drive just to eat here again. I want to try their breakfast foods!
4	Well, thank goodness for another fabulous recommendation on Triple D. We were tempted to try both the Chicken Coop and Breakfast Enchiladas for breakfast but opted to actually SHARE the Breakfast Enchiladas. We arrived before 9am and there was a small wait. Very friendly staff. Owner kept coming out and visiting guests and helping staff. The enchiladas were plenty to share actually and very filling. We will be back to try the Coop. Who doesn't love stuffing for breakfast.
5	Even though Perk has been in Scottsdale since 2010 this was the first time I went there and am so glad I did! Had the BEST Huevos Rancheros in Arizona!! Can't wait to come back for breakfast and lunch and try other items on the menu. I've been craving a great Huevos and the last great one I had was when I was New Mexico!!
4	This place is packed!!! And wow does this look tasty! Omg delish!!!!
5	We love Perk! After two days of eating overpriced, tasteless breakfasts at our hotel, we decided to find something more satisfying. We hit the trifecta with this place...clean, great food, and awesome service. Ana, our server, is friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and thinks of everything you may need before you realize you need it. The salsas and sauces are homemade and delicious. They have all of the basics for the non-adventurous, i.e., eggs, bacon, pancakes, omelets, etc. and they also have wonderful and unique combinations, such as the special I ate yesterday, which included tender, slow-cooked pork, ricotta and black beans, served enchilada style in flour tortillas with a homemade red sauce and two over-easy eggs on top...delicious!! Today I was in the mood for steak and eggs and for $14 I enjoyed a perfectly-cooked FILLET with 3 eggs and tasty (not frozen) breakfast potatoes with a side of homemade salsa that Ana brought with my meal, because of how much I enjoyed it the day before. It's those small touches that makes a great place even better and more memorable. The owner even checked in on us to make sure that we enjoyed our meal and to thank us for coming. We ate there twice and were treated like regulars, saying our goodbyes to everyone, like old friends, on our way out! Definitely bookmarking this one for future visits to the Scottsdale area.
5	We LOVE perk!!!! During our stay at the Westin, Daniel at the nearby Tommy Bahamas Restaurant recommended Perk, we managed to get there every morning of our stay and wish it wasnt so far from home.  Food sooooooo good and service even better!
5	Our favorite neighborhood breakfast place.  Chicken on the Coup - is amazing.  Love the stuffing and gravy - and then mix in the eggs - fantastic.
4	Very good breakfast. Busy but didn't take long for table. Excellent corn beef hash!
5	Food was outstanding! Saw this on the diners drive ins show so of course I had to try it.  We had the pumpkin walnut pancakes, the red wine French toast and the western omelet.  All of it was delicious! I especially loved the pancakes.  The service was awesome the owner came out and chatted with us and was so friendly.  Our server as well was very knowledgable and gave great service.  It's definitely a place to check out!
5	Ate there for the first time based on DDD recommendation.  We had the Western Omelette, Red Wine French Toast and Pumpkin Pecan Pancakes.  The Western Omelette was very good.  The Red Wine French Toast was stuffed with Brie cheese and covered with wine-soaked cherries - it was just the right amount of sweetness with a unique taste - outstanding.  And the Pumpkin Pecan Pancakes were fluffy and light.  They tasted more like pumpkin cake, and were truly the best pancakes we have ever eaten.  The owner stopped by the table to make sure everything was perfect, and our waitress was helpful with the menu and provided great service.  5 stars, and we will definitely go back!
5	We come here for breakfast when we stay at the Westin Kierland across the street. Open at 6:30 am! Full espresso bar choices. 3 egg omelettes w lots of savory specials (wine country French toast stuffed w Brie and topped w roasted grapes and wine rosemary syrup!) Had a very affordable $5 b-fast burrito that came w a delicious cilantro salsa (funny orangish color, but don't let that turn you off!). Food came out fast and hot. Service nice. Easy to bring our toddler. Very busy by 9am on wkday.
4	We got there around 10:30 a.m. and the place was packed! I guess that's what happens when you get featured on The Food Network. We had to wait around 5 minutes (more or less) to get a seat. They had free wifi so it's aaaaall good. ;)My husband ordered the french toast and coffee:Verdict: It's GOOD. The touch of cinnamon makes it sooo delicious. The coffee's average (he's a bit of a coffee nerd :p).I got The Outlaw Scramble with ranch potatoes, toast, and homemade lemonade because it rhymes.Verdict: It has bacon, ham, sausage, and cheese topped with jalapeno sauce, so what's not to love?The serving was too big for me so I shared it with my beloved other half who is more than willing to help me out - as always. He particularly liked the sausage bits.I asked the friendly waiter why they call it "Perk" eatery and said it has something to do with the word "percolate". Too bad, I was hoping we share the same nickname.Overall, we love this place! It's a good breakfast spot and we'll come back again for sure!
2	While staying at the Westin, we decided to have breakfast here since it was close.  The wait for our party of 5 was about 20 minutes.  When it was our turn, the hostess called our name and so we followed her into the restaurant (we had been waiting outside)...we stood at the front area while she told us to wait just a moment as they were getting our table ready.  As we stood there for a couple of minutes, another hostess came up and pretty much scolded us telling us that we needed to wait outside instead of blocking the register area while our table was getting cleared.  That was rude. I ordered the fancy scramble which wasn't all that fancy.  They were scrambled eggs with a slice of brie and a dollop of fig splatted on top.  I could've done that myself at home.  My BIL ordered the huevos rancheros which he stated was pretty good.  The kids had the silver dollar pancakes which they devoured.  Unfortunately I can't remember what my hubs and SIL ordered - which means it must not have been that memorable.  Our server was pretty good though and she was attentive.  Coffee and waters were refilled promptly.  I probably would not come here again unless majority ruled.
3	Just another safe breakfast joint. The corn beef hash wasn't the good kind from the can. And potato pancakes were good but not worth the $7.
5	Amazing! Friendly staff, great service, clean and very inexpensive! We spent a week in Arizona (Scottsdale, Sedona and the Grand Canyon and  basically every morning that we were in Scottsdale we went here. Our first day (and again on our third visit) I had the Wine Country French Toast ($11.99) that was featured on DDD. This dish was so incredible and what a deal...a huge portion of French toast stuffed with French Brie topped with roasted red grapes and red wine rosemary (trust me the flavours work!) syrup. The ingredients alone enticed me. If you look up the recipe on the food network, it uses a whole cup of Pinot noir! Needless to say, I had to come back and have it again when we got back from Sedona. My husband had the pork sandwich (8.99) with a side of delicious watermelon which he thoroughly enjoyed and ordered it again on our third trip back.On the 2nd visit I had the chicken on the coup which is crispy sausage and sage stuffing topped with peppery sausage gravy and 2 eggs which I got over medium and they were cooked to perfection. I love my egg yolks runny but the whites cooked and these were perfect. The gravy was a little peppery but not overly so. A delicious dish but had to go back to the French toast on the third visit. Our waitress was amazing...on our third visit we left a 20 tip on a 20 dollar bill. Everyone there is just so nice. I even saw the owner push the wheelchair of one of the customers to his car ( he was an older gentleman). Amazing. I wish we had such a place in Toronto!
5	Some great coffee shop/dinner food here. Really unique dishes. Owner is friendly and helpful.
5	Busy place but no wonder. I had the Cowboy Breakfast - 3 eggs and 2 medallions of steak that could have passed for filet mignon. I chose the fruit instead of the potatoes - trying to stay paleo don't you know - and it all was delicious. Get your coffee fix taken care of before going there or you'll be very disappointed. It looks like coffee, but neither smells like coffee or tastes like coffee.Oh, and if you don't mind an occasional butt in your face from an overly plump waitress serving the next table, this place is for you.All in all, great food and great (unintended) entertainment.
4	Great breakfast joint with amazing Scrambles, Omelets, Wine Country French Toast and Egg White options...  Very chill place with great service and excellent food.
5	Excellence.  I just discovered this little eatery  near our house. I'm blown away by the breakfast here! It's also been on diners, drive ins and dives.  Definitely order the corned beef hash. It's fantastic ! There's a counter if you come solo and don't want to wait for a table too!
3	I really have to try this place again. It's suppose to be really good and it was even on diners, drive ins, and dives.  I got the Chicken in the coupe, no chicken in this... ?? It was pretty tastey at the beginning but toward the end it just got very heavy.  I will have to come back and try the breakfast.
1	You know, we have supported this place from day one.  We have gone there when NO ONE went there.  We actually didn't think it would stay open, so we kept going hoping it would make it.  Well, we actually went there this past weekend after having very mediocre service and food for the past couple of visits.  It was packed and the place appeared still be doing great.  When our food came it was good but our 8 year old dropped his toast.  We asked if he could get another piece and the waiter said "sure".  Well, when the owner saw this she refused.  She wouldn't even allow the waiter to get him a single piece of bread without paying for a full order or toast.  The waiter was even stunned she was so rude about it.  ???  Are you kidding me?  When my wife asked her why she couldn't just let the waiter get a single piece of toast, she just blew off my wife.  We just spent $60 for breakfast and she couldn't get our kid a single piece of bread without paying for a full order.  I think the egos of these owners are getting out of control. We have 2 other friends who have had similar experiences with different issues.  Too bad that success has driven such arrogance.  We won't be back...ever.
4	Good Food...I came specifically since I saw them listed as a top Breakfast place in the North Valley by New Times and I love finding the best breakfast spots myself...can't give 5 stars since they don't take AMEX, huge frustration for a customer to be told how they have to pay...plus AMEX is a major employer in the area...shouldn't alienate a great set of customers that help fill your seats...add AMEX and I will be back!
4	Atmosphere: buzzing, busy and talkative place, not for someone who wants a peaceful breakfast/brunchFood choices: excellent, replete with steak, eggs, potatoes, French toast, omelets, sandwiches, soups, will not disappoint Portion size: large, good to fill you up, you will walk out of there not feeling like you got jippedService: friendly, too friendly, they sometimes will join in on your conversations.I got the cowboy dish, hearty, delicious, medium steak that gave it a good dark pink in the middle, excellent eggs just the style I want.Suggestion: five people should not be seated in a four people table, it's just kinda uncomfortable for the fifth person.  Suggest changing some of the arrangements and make it more ergonomic for the customers.I will definitely come back again!!
4	Great food and coffee at a reasonable price
5	Just found this place, what a find! Service was great and the food was even better! The rosemary potatoes are the best I've ever eaten!! Also a plus, this place is kept impeccable, very clean! Believe the hype!!
5	Best pumpkin pancakes EVER!  We got lucky to visit during pumpkin pancake season. We went back several times on our visit to Scottsdale.   Sadly, the pumpkin pancakes are not available on the weekends.  Plan your visit accordingly!  Staff was friendly and the place was super busy.  Looks like they are planning to expand which is clearly a necessity!!!
1	12/21/13After all the hoopla and all the recommendations finally decided to give this place a shot. I'm with my best friend and my 3 year old son.  We walk in and get seated right away. place looks really nice and plenty of people vouch for it. We sat down and not a single word has been said by our server. we start looking at the menu and talking it over with my friend and son. A family sits next to us and still waiting for a 4th person. the server walks up to them and gives them the run down walks to get them coffee and waters. walks back and helps the 4th person get into their seat. he explains the menu and says he will be back shortly. He walks to the other table on our other side, helps them and asks of they need anything else. We are ready to order and he keeps walking and helping everyone else around us. The man next to us leans over and says " want me to order for you guys? i can clearly see whats going on" I say no thank you. I wait another 10 minutes and still nothing. my son is asking for pancakes and juice. The man and family next to us receives their meals and are looking at us ashamed considering they arrived around 10 minutes after us and to this point the server has yet to say 1 single word to us. I finally have had enough and wave down the "server" he shockingly walks over and i ask for the manager he doesn't say a word and walks away. Him and another man walk towards me the "server" sarcastically says "did i forget to serve you" i told the manager the story and that i was leaving. he said "OK have a nice day"  everyone looked as us as we got up put our coats on and heard my son saying he wanted pancakes. As a purple heart recipient from the war in Iraq this is not what i think about when i think of America. I don't think i have ever felt this from a business. the embarrassment and walking away like we did something wrong by walking out. No single apology or NOTHING. So i cant recommend a business in which didn't even serve us a glass of water. I can assure that neither I or anyone I know will ever attend this establishment after this incident. NO APOLOGY WAS EVER RECEIVED.
5	Our new favorite breakfast spot on Scottsdale. Everything is amazing and everyone is very friendly!
5	This morning, I had the Irishman Omelet with house made corned beef, swiss, and mushrooms, and it profoundly impacted my overall quality of life. I am now prepared to enter 2014 with poise, confidence, and several extra pounds that were TOTALLY worth it.
4	Been here twice now and have not been disappointed.   I had the breakfast burrito supreme this morning and the pork was tender and flavorful.   A lot of food for nine bucks.
4	this little place redeemed food in scottsdale for me. excellent, friendly staff - fresh, delicious food. we will certainly visit the perk when we return to arizona.
1	After all the hoopla and all the recommendations finally decided to give this place a shot. I'm with my best friend and my 3 year old son.  We walk in and get seated right away. place looks really nice and plenty of people vouch for it. We sat down and not a single word has been said by our server. we start looking at the menu and talking it over with my friend and son. A family sits next to us and still waiting for a 4th person. the server walks up to them and gives them the run down walks to get them coffee and waters. walks back and helps the 4th person get into their seat. he explains the menu and says he will be back shortly. He walks to the other table on our other side, helps them and asks of they need anything else. We are ready to order and he keeps walking and helping everyone else around us. The man next to us leans over and says " want me to order for you guys? i can clearly see whats going on" I say no thank you. I wait another 10 minutes and still nothing. my son is asking for pancakes and juice. The man and family next to us receives their meals and are looking at us ashamed considering they arrived around 10 minutes after us and to this point the server has yet to say 1 single word to us. I finally have had enough and wave down the "server" he shockingly walks over and i ask for the manager he doesn't say a word and walks away. Him and another man walk towards me the "server" sarcastically says "did i forget to serve you" i told the manager the story and that i was leaving. he said "OK have a nice day"  everyone looked as us as we got up put our coats on and heard my son saying he wanted pancakes. As a purple heart recipient from the war in Iraq this is not what i think about when i think of America. I don't think i have ever felt this from a business. the embarrassment and walking away like we did something wrong by walking out. No single apology or NOTHING. So i cant recommend a business in which didn't even serve us a glass of water. I can assure that neither I or anyone I know will ever attend this establishment after this incident. NO APOLOGY WAS EVER RECEIVED.
5	Sometimes breakfast is just breakfast and then there is breakfast at a place with good food and great service and it just gets you ready to have a great day.  The staff was especially wonderful and treated our son like a rock star.   Everyone was part of the clean plate club and we'll be back again and again.
4	We came in on a Saturday afternoon and were seated immediately. Must've came at the end of the rush because the place began to thin out. Good thing we're late risers on weekends!I can't remember what we ordered - both omelets and potatoes - but they were both really good and fulfilling. I didn't know Triple D was here, but they definitely flaunt it in the restaurant.They forgot to bring out my girlfriend's toast, but the waiter was really nice and helpful. We were in and out pretty fast, had lots of stuff planned for the rest of the day, so we didn't bother asking or complaining about the toast at the time.I'm not a fan of the open/cafeteria style seating, which is why it's 4-stars instead of 5. I have ADD and OCD, and I'm a former Marine, so I don't do well in open social settings. I like to spend time with my girlfriend, but I was like a dog in a squirrel forest. Too close to other people for my comfort.However, with that said, I am a rare breed of animal and none of this bothered my better half. We both loved the food and I'll just remember to take my chill pill before we go here again, because yes, we will be back again and again and again.
4	Great food! Nice portions. Featured on the FOOD NETWORK! I work just a few doors down at Studio North Yoga & Dance and it's always a treat to stop by the Perk for a bite to eat. Reuben sandwich was delish! Also had pancakes there too. Just a great neighborhood joint that you have to try at least once, or twice or make it a habit like me and go there all the time!!!
1	Hostess,with dark hair, extremely rude to the two parties ahead of me. I think she was unhappy that people wanted to eat there today. My husband asked if the bar was open seating to the lady taking names, when the rude hostess chimed in NO ! We walked out and had breakfast at Einstein's instead. When we walked back past Perks...bar still had the same open seats. Hope the owner knows how bad this woman is for his biz !!!!!
2	This was on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. I had the pork burrito that Guy had. I was so disappointed.  The temperature of it was slightly warm at best.  It was suppose to be somewhat spicy but was very bland. It may have been better if I was able to bring it home and reheat it but I was traveling and could not do that.  The service was very good.
3	Came here while on vacation with my family on a Saturday morning and it was packed, we had to wait about 1/2 hour.I ordered the wine country French toast, it has cheese on it which is different. It was ok, it had some good flavors but I probably wouldn't order it again and I love french toast. When we got seated it stunk really bad because of the rag they use over and over to wipe the tables with, would help to wash the rag once in awhile. even saw her cleaning the table next to use. wiping the table down and even the ketchup and salt with all the same dirty towel.
2	I would not go out of my way to eat here.  it was just okay...it wasn't great just okay...The veggie omelet was just okay nothing to write home about.  The pancakes are over priced for the ones you receive.  I expected them to be a bit bigger but they were much smaller than the plate and nothing great..average food for expensive prices...nothing to write home about.
1	One of my favorite restaurants in the past, just went with my family for the first time. Was told after I received my order and had asked for something else "that I had ordered that". Waiter walks away. Charged for it and nothing was address. Such an embarrassing situation I will never be going back.
4	Decent prices.  $21 for 2 huge sandwiches.  felt like boa constrictors as we left.  Reuben sandwich was good on terrific rye.  Fries excellent!  Mucho smoocho ( yep, a grilled chicken sandwich with bacon, cheese & special sauce --- it's that kind of place) good, but over-the-moon great.  No wait on a Friday afternoon.  Clearly a family operation -- grandma, teenagers & all.  Nice  change from endless chain restaurants!
3	Headed here over the weekend and there was a bit of a wait to get seated - 10 minutes, so not bad despite the number of people standing outside. Server came over pretty quickly, but seemed rushed and wasn't overly attentive after ordering, but it was slammed, so not a really big deal.I had the potato pancakes and she had the corned beef hash.  The potato pancakes had an odd flavor that we couldn't place.  There were orange pieces in it that we dwindled down to either cheese or sweet potato (most likely the latter of the two).  The corned beef hash was good, but not the best we've had in the area.  We would probably go again, but considering that we are still new to the area and there are so many places to try, it may be awhile before we head back.
1	So sad. Been here half a dozen times for breakfast.  It's so good usually.  Came in for lunch. My server basically rushed me then ignored me other then to place down a bill. The younger guy that delivered my food was more pleasant.  Lunch was soggy n greasy. Fries were cold. I'll stick to breakfast were I haven't seen this server either!
5	We have breakfast at Perk Eatery every time we come to Scottsdale. Service is wonderful. We got right in, but have noticed a wait most mornings.  Lots of homemade goodies. The omelettes were delicious and they keep your coffee cup filled.
3	french toast was good and the scramble was good but overall it was good but nothing to tweet about, wait staff was friendly but get here early it gets packed
5	Yet another great location for breakfast in the Valley. We decided to give this place a try because there had been so many great reviews about it. I had the Baja Omelet with no bacon.....rosemary potatoes......and multigrain wheat toast. Everything was absolutely delicious. I tried my wife's pancakes and they are the 2nd best pancakes I have ever had.....so all the reviews about the pancakes are dead on they are awesome. We will definitely be back because the service.....food.....and location are perfect. Now be advised they have a lot of organic products here.....homemade items.....and only raw sugar, splenda, and sweet and low for your coffee. That's right no white sugar which was a first for me.....LOL!!!!!! Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
3	We had the waffles, and they were delicious with the caramel banana topping! We also had the potato pancakes, and they were decent. I wish they were a little more crispy.Our waitress split the bill before we even had to ask, which was nice. But she never asked if we wanted to order anything more. We were a bit hungry and were thinking of ordering more.They need more vegetarian lunch options.All in all, it was pretty good. We might return if we are in the mood for brunch with friends.
3	I was not impressed.  My son and I during his Spring Break out for a mom/son date thought we would try Perk.  We had a 10 minute wait just to be seated outside right at the door.  We waiting for 10 minutes and were never acknowledged...I finally flagged another waiter to help.  No one wanted to claim our table.  So we finally got drinks and ordered...well 40 minutes later we finally got our food.  It wasn't that great.  When you have to beg for service it's not a good choice. Otherwise...the sign should say self serve.  As another Yelper stated...the wait staff was clueless of what they were doing.Too bad since we are new to the neighborhood...this could have been one our regular places...not now.  :(
4	I eat here  once every week or two. Service can be spotty but all you need to do is speak up!  My omelette of choice is the Mediterranean with egg whites. The cucumber dill sauce on top is lick your plate worthy. My husband loves the mambo omelette or the burrito supreme with red sauce (the green sauce is great too).  Peak eating hours expect a wait. Owners always speak to me about my meal. Love supporting small business! Give it a try.
4	I went here for lunch with a co-worker after trying to find someplace new.  It's a nice little breakfast & lunch diner.  Food and service was good and the prices are very affordable. Our waiter was very on top of our drinks when they would get low and checked in just the right amount of times.  Good find in a large shopping center :)
4	Excellent burger. The service was very good. We sat outside, and the patio is right on the parking lot; not all that pleasant. We will definitely return for breakfast; excellent sounding menu. All in all a good place for breakfast or informal lunch.
1	Ordered the breakfast enchiladas, took forever to get our meal. When it finally arrived it was barley warm, the tortillas were hard on the outside, the pork on the inside barley visible, ordered eggs over easy one was over easy the other was broken and overdone. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. PRCEY FOR TWO ENCHILADAS.
4	Decided to try this after reading the great reviews!  The kids and hubby loved their items.  Popular spot!  We went for late breakfast/early lunch before hitting a spring training baseball game during spring break.  I'm sure we will go back next year.
5	Wine Country French Toast is the best french toast I have had my entire life. I love that they put brie cheese instead of the sweet cream cheese filling that lost stuffed french toast has. Thick and fluffy, and just dreamy. Definitely recommend!
4	Joined my fellow Yelpers for a little breakfast at Perk. I must confess, Its been a while since my last visit, due to the distance between where my life takes place and this little ditty. Of course there's a good size wait to enjoy this eatery but not if your a true Yelper, bahahaha. It also helps to show up a couple minutes late. The place has expanded. Joke on the wall says the pushed out the kids play zone to make way for a bar. I didn't find myself being entertained in this neck of the woods so I can't rate it but by the looks of the patrons I'd say they were definitely enjoying themselves. I must say the food hasn't changed! I order the Gus food channel recommendation-banana carmel walnut  pancake contraption. Not sure if I added or left out a couple ingredients there but you should know it was delish! Just so you understand how big of a deal this is, I eat breakfast all times of the day. Most importantly, nothing is more important than having some kind of egg concoction with lots of delicious meat(S) in it and perhaps a bed of crispy hash browns to create a heartiness, but these pancakes are sooooo good that I bypassed my SOP - standard operating procedure. When your in the neighborhood, this is one great place to catch a bite to eat. My recommendation--- The banana pancakes. The other stuff on the menu is good too, but your not reading my review for good, your here for the Grrrrrrrrr-eat!
4	Perk Eatery was the place picked for May's Breakfast Club UYE, and I for one was pretty excited for this! I adore Perk Eatery, haven't found a dish I didn't like. The food is greatWe were a group of 14 and service was good, everyone was taken care of and coffee cups were kept filled.Since finding this place back in Dec I have become a very big fan, and since my 1st visit they have expanded the place and took over the shop next door, and have a bar inside too, loving the new look Perk!This time around I went with the corned beef country style hash,  its rosemary potatoes, nice thick slices of corn beef topped with melted swiss cheese and served with 2 eggs, I had scrambled and also had English muffin (you can get any kind of toast you want, but I love me some English muffins) . Other than the Breakfast Enchiladas, the corned beef hash is a favorite dish of mine! It's just sooo dang good. I love the thick slices of corned beef and country styled potatoes omg YES! I don't think I can ever have corned beef hash any other way. I've been ruined haha. If you haven't tried the corned beef hash, you should but also everything else is delsih too! I crave the corn beef hash and the breakfast enchiladas, oh and that cilantro jalapeno sauce is amazing too, oh yes I know I will continue to keep coming back.
4	Very solid local breakfast choice. Everything that I've had hear was quite good. The only downside is that there can be a long wait sometimes.Don't be afraid to try the Chicken on the Coop. It's their version of biscuits and gravy.
4	Great food a bit pricey!  As with many DDD establishments its hard to not let your imagination get ahead of reality.Food was good, service was GREAT...the wine/brie stuffed french toast sounded better on tv then in person.  Will come back although its painful putting up with Scottsdale Yoga Yenta's and there are way too many here.Give Perk a try....super great owners!!
5	This was my first time at Perk but it will not be my last. I was here for the May edition of the famous Breakfast Club put on my Monica O.It was really good. I had the famous Breakfast Enchiladas. There is a reason they are famous. Just the right amount of spice. Spice for breakfast sure will wake you up. The pork with the chipotle ricotta and the beans with the eggs on top just all worked together so perfectly. Then topped with the New Mexico red chili sauce that added that spice that brought it all together.Then there was the corned beef hash that I spilt with fellow breakfaster Scott W. I almost didn't want to share. That was amazing too. The corned beef with the country style potatos and the rosemary to set it all off. I couldn't stop eating it. It was hard to pick which I liked more the enchiladas or the hash but the enchiladas won in the end. Not that I will ever turn down the hash again.I will be back to try more wonderfulness off of their menu. I really want to see how their pancakes are. If you can't do good pancakes what kind of breakfast place are you. I'm sure they will be just as fantastic as everything else.
4	I got the fancy scramble with turkey and Brie, it was decent. Rosemary potatoes were good. But bf got the chicken on the coup which is the dish you should come here for. The chicken on the coup has sage stuffing, chicken, two eggs, and country gravy. I mean, come on. The wine country french toast looked amazing, I'm getting that next time. Wine-flavored french toast with grapes and Brie? Brilliant. Friendly service.
5	The best breakfast spot in Arizona in my opinion!! The owner Carmine is a great guy and the food is outstanding. Very crowded on the weekend but well worth the wait, especially since they expanded and added a bar, pretty good bloody mary's as well!!!
4	Perk Eatery lives up the reviews and the hype.We drove from downtown Scottsdale  passing many great places to give this a try and was well worth it. The building is nothing to rave about, its in a strip mall and is very diner, but that is part of the charm. Great diner food with a southwest twist. Not too heavy but still plenty of bite. The DDD Guy Fiery memorabilia is fun to see.
3	I found this place to be pretty meh.Food: I ordered badly and that shouldn't reflect on the restaurant. (I ordered french toast with brie and I dislike brie) But I had everyone else at the table try my dish, and all agreed that the brie in the toast was a cold lump, unsweetened, and just generally bad. Everything else was pretty good. Breakfast enchiladas were excellent.Atmosphere: Like a more expensive Einstein's or Panera. Very busy, not great service. Overall, not a bad place, but there are better places for breakfast.
5	Good food, reasonably priced, good portions & friendly service!  Had omelette for breakfast & would definitely order again.
2	No vegetarian friendly options...not even fresh avocado. Good rosemary potatoes though!
3	I wanted to find a new place to eat, decided to try something out.Between the 2 of us that ordered, I got the bahama mama and the lady got the sonoma omelet.  I stole some of her potatoes and they were awesome.Both items had swiss cheese and they definitely know what they are doing with it.Everything else just seemed like it was missing something.Left my cup dry of water but that is generally because I drink way more than people expect.I'd say try it out but, it has a good atmosphere, I just have other preferences for breakfast/sandwich type food.
4	I was in search of a breakfast burrito, yelp suggested this place.Pros; spacious dinning area, high ceilings, waitress attentive, good coffee, small business operated, good ambience to start your day.Cons: menu a little over priced for what you get. The breakfast entrees were about 9-10 bucks But  the breakfast burrito was 5.99 and it was so good I ordered a second one.This place had a true "cheers" like feel to it, everybody from the waitress to host to cook greets you. The customers are very friendly to talk to. I will be back again!
4	Very solid local breakfast choice. Everything that I've had hear was quite good. The only downside is that there can be a long wait sometimes.Don't be afraid to try the Chicken on the Coop. It's their version of biscuits and gravy.
5	Great place to have breakfast if your up North. We live in Chandler so unless we're staying at the JW Marriott we probably won't frequent this place too often. If you're lucky enough to live within 20 minutes of them you should stop reading this and just go! Went on a Sunday morning around 9:30am. The place was full, but only a 5 minute wait. The staff was super friendly and the food comes out lightning fast. Nelli was our server and she was Perfection in Motion. Very attentive, great suggestions and kept our coffees and waters topped off during our stay. I had the banana walnut pancakes and the wife had corned beef hash. My pancakes were just right. Warm Carmel sauce with nuts and fresh sliced bananas and for 2.00 more you can add meat and eggs. The corned beef hash was also good, but not over the top like the hot cakes. Guy from Triple D has endorsed this place and I see why. Although I'm not a super star like him, I put my full seal of approval on this spot.
5	The staff if friendly, the service is quick, the coffee is tasty, and the food is ah-maz-ing. I drool just thinking about Perk Eatery, especially the Chicken on the Coup...and the Wine Country French Toast...and the breakfast burrito. Just go.Yes, you most likely will have to wait a bit for a table but it is so worth it. They recently expanded into the space next door which is great but I think they still need to be bigger!
5	Best breakfast in the Phoenix area. I normally get the Irishman omelette, it is an omelette packed with corned beef. It comes with potatoes and a side of toast. The service is always fast and the food generally congress pretty quick. It is almost always packed on the weekends but if you're solo out with your significant other, ask to sit at the bar.
5	Ok, so we have lived close by and never knew this gem was here until the Diners show.   Wanted to go, but never made it.  I read the yelp reviews this morning and one reviewer said " Stop reading and go!"   So, we did just that and we were so happy we did! I was worried it would be too busy just before 10 am on a Sunday, but other reviews said they didn't have long waits.  Exactly true! We were told 5 minutes and that is exactly how long we waited.  The staff is super friendly and professional.  The food is to die for! French toast so light it is heavenly! Pancakes golden and delicious. The huevos rancheros is AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING!  So worth it! Stop reading and go!  Super happy to have this gem in our hood! We will be regulars!
5	Love this place! Been coming here for 2 years and always get an amazing welcome from Pauline the owner and the amazing waitress Amanda. Food is awesome, love the service and ambiance. Totally recommend.
4	Good food.  We love eating here for breakfast!  Friendly staff and owner.  good food and reasonable prices.
5	This is the BEST place for breakfast or brunch! They seat you quickly even though there is always a crowd. Outdoor and indoor seating. Great bloody's too! Highly recommended!
5	We have been coming on and off for the last few years. You are greeted promptly and the wait time for a table depending upon the day of the week varies but usually no longer than 10-15 minutes on a busy day. Food quality and taste is consistent. If you like brie and wine, the one item on the menu to try is the "wine country french toast". Of course, many of the items on the menu are worth trying as well. Oh, yeah, good size crispy bacon too for all you bacon lovers out there. The staff are courteous and you never really have to ask for refills or chase someone. It's like they are reading your mind.So if you are looking for something out of the ordinary than your typical burger and breakfast joint, you may be pleasantly surprised after your visit. Bon appetit!
4	Was excited to come here after hearing about it on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives, and now I have been here twice. The food is excellent and the service is fast. I ordered the Mediterranean Omelet both times and it is very good! I especially love the cucumber dill sauce on top. The Wine Country French Toast is something I have put on my list of foods I have got to try, looks so unique!
3	They have expanded and the food was not as good as the first time that we went.  They might have been having an off day...  Worth one more try.  If the food is the same we will cross it off our list.
4	Met my sister there for late breakfast, last weekend, and I ordered an omelet, Mediterranean - very delish, along with potatoes on the side.  My sister ordered a veggie omelet, also very good.  (I forget what her side dish was..)Service is very good, and friendly wait-staff.  Maybe a little too friendly?  Our waiter touched my sister (shoulder, back..) a bit too much for our liking.  Maybe he is a *touchy-feely* type of guy, but it was a bit overdone.Will I be back?  Most definitely - a good value for the money...
4	I was excited to check out this Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives spot with some girlfriends today for lunch and it did not disappoint!  The service was so friendly and welcoming, the atmosphere was casual and nice and the food was great.  I enjoyed the chicken gyro and loved every bite of it.  Definitely worth a stop for a quick breakfast or lunch while in the Kierland area.
5	We went there with a very large group. Usually that causes problems because we all want separate checks.  The waitress was great and handled all of it on her own. The food came out fast and was very good. One person had requested no cheese on her sandwich. There was cheese.  It was taken back and fixed very quickly. The owner himself brought it over and apologized for the mix-ups. Very good service and good food.
4	Perfect spot for breakfast/lunch!!  Been here at least 5 times and it's been delicious every time.  I love bringing people who have never been here before because they are always pleasantly surprised.  Very friendly servers!!
5	I've never had a bad meal here! The service is always prompt. Always clean. The portions are humongous and the food is delicious!
2	My husband and I went on a Saturday morning.   It took our server 30 minutes to acknowledge us.  It continued to go downhill. My husband ordered a tortilla and they brought him white toast.  I ordered rye toast and was brought wheat.  We ordered a pumpkin pancake on the side and brought a regular one.  We finished our meal and about 10 minutes later the pumpkin pancake appeared.  The rest of the food we ordered was good, but how do you mess up eggs and bacon? No apology, nothing was said!  Finally, our bill came and we were overcharged for the pancake.  The service was terrible!!
2	When I entered Perk,I expected the smell of fresh perked coffee wafting thru the door. No aroma . I anticipated a deep rich scent of freshly brewed coffee as the waiter approached our table with two cups. No aroma.  Average  coffee served not with fresh cream in a pitcher but with a dish of aseptic half and half already on the table. This  is Perk.!  My waffle was warm and soggy not even as good as the free make it yourself I recently had at a chain hotel.  And the  side of berries for $1.50 included exactly 12 blueberries and some  flavorless sliced strawberries. My companion's side order of a biscuit $1.50,  to accompany his egg special , came naked on a plate . No butter, no honey, again aseptic packets of jelly were on the table, so I offered to share some of the butter that was with my waffle. With so many breakfast places in Scottsdale, Perk , you need to Perk up!!!
5	Wow what a wonderful place great breakfast wonderful customer service and support. Very Nice!! The owners are amazing people and will tend to every need to make you happy!! I strongly recommend this place for great food and wonderful staff. I work in the food industry and by far this place has it going on!!!!!
1	Watch out this place will nickel & dime you. Thought we would give this place a second shot and we totally regretted it. My son ordered the ham & cheese roll up and he asked if he could have turkey instead. They said yes for a $1 extra! Seriously.  Best marketing is word of mouth...remember that.
4	Boy oh boy, what a fun time I had in Scottsdale and how exciting is it to open up my yelp app to figure out where to go for breakfast.I came across a few places and this place really stood out by the sheer number of reviews and also this godly Corned Beef Hash dish that I knew instantly, "I must have this, now!"The four of us showed up and were seated quickly.  Our lovely waitress, who must have been from the South originally, couldn't have been friendlier and made us feel instantly welcome.  We ordered the necessities, coffee and fresh orange juice.  Next we gave her our order of the corned beef hash, a couple orders of breakfast enchiladas, and some biscuits and eggs.  We planned on sharing everything.Any meal, with my fellow familial diners, is never uneventful and naturally, someone knocked over a glass of orange juice sending us panicking for the hills as this delicious nectar was everywhere, literally everywhere.  The waitress and some other staff quickly came over and cleaned it up and even gave this fellow mistaken-prone diner, a new glass.  This little gesture meant so much in my book and I really appreciated the fact that they replaced something that wasn't their fault.So the food comes and it is everything I was expecting.  The breakfast enchiladas were delicious, maybe needed a little something I can't quite put my finger on but it was, without a doubt, very delicious.  The star of the meal and probably the restaurant was the Corned Beef Country Style Hash.  It was SO AMAZING.  I wanted more and thinking about it now, waiting for my coffee in the coffee press, and staring at plain yogurt on my desk makes me want that meal now more than ever.  With roasted potatoes, huge chunks of corned beef, and then just the right amount of rosemary, this was one of my favorite breakfast dishes, other than eggs benedict.I absolutely recommend locals and out of towner's alike to visit this place if you haven't already and take advantage of the great service and delicious breakfast food.  I hope I get the chance to visit again!Take care & savor it up!
3	Met some friends here for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised with Perk.  It didn't take us too long to get seated on a Saturday morning, probably about 10 mins. Because we had a group of 5 which required a larger set up. I ordered the Gordo omelet which was packed full of deliciousness. I opted for the side of fruit which was a few thin slices of watermelon and disappointed me a bit. The rest of my table was pleased with their selections which consisted of pumpkin pancakes  (yum!), biscuits and gravy, and corned beef hash (more hash than corned beef).  Everything looked great and the portions were quite large.  I'd say it was a little overpriced for breakfast but overall it was a decent place.  The atmosphere was open, clean and bright.  I might return here if invited but have a few breakfast places I prefer more.
1	I have traveled all over the US with my service dog by my side and never have I ever been so offended.  The manager was just downright rude to me and I had no choice but to leave.  I would never go back or give them any support and neither should anyone reading this.
4	Good food nice atmosphere. Service could be a tad better/quicker. Other than that I enjoyed my meal!
4	Nice breakfast menu, good and satisfying food. But the best part is the warm service; the make you feel special! The place is nice, clean and open.
4	My wife and I tried this place out today, and it was pretty good. The customer service was friendly and the place was pretty well laid out.I ordered the breakfast enchiladas and my wife got the biscuits and gravy.  The enchiladas were pretty good, though they were made with "chunked" pork and  I think I would have prefered shredded. The red sauce was spicy as advertised. My wife said her gravy and biscuits were good, but the gravy was not the best. They have a nice assortment of coffees and teas to choose from as well. Our waiter was really friendly. He made sure my tea was full at all times. We also did not have to wait for the check or to be able to pay, which is always a plus.All in all its a place I would definitely visit again, and I would recommend trying them out.
3	This part of Scottsdale has needed a good breakfast place forever. I mean, how many times can you go to Chompies?! Thought we'd try it out after it's appearance on DDD. Was really looking forward to enjoying the breakfast enchiladas, but was extremely disappointed.  The only flavor on the plate was the sauce. I tried different ingredients without the sauce, and got nothing. The plate was also really plain looking and you'd think there would be a garnish or something. Parsley, kale, potatoes? I don't  judge a dish by its garnish, but when the flavor isn't there, then everything is fair game in my book. My daughter had an omelette with ham, cheese and peppers which was also bland. Hey guys in the kitchen! Flavortown did a show here, how about some flavor!!! The only thing saving this review was the service and our waitress was great, never needed anything and she was very attentive. Having the bar probably also helps draw in the day drinkers. I'll give it another shot when I'm back in town.
5	Awesome local treasure. Food is basic but with unique twists. Always right on the mark. Very friendly staff. Cute little place come early cause it gets busy. Try the Napa salad and the Miss Jules sandwich the pinot noir onions are too die for.
5	Say this on DDD on food network. Happened to be in AZ for work and came here for breakfast with the co workers. Tried both the enchiladas and the chicken in a coup. Freakin amazing. The chile on top of the enchilada was great. I really like that they pan fry the stuffing to give it an extra crisp for the coup dish. Our server was very attentive and gave us a great overview of their menu.
5	Everything I've tried here has been amazing. There is a waitress there named Debbie & just the sweetest lady ever.
4	The Brie turkey spinach fig compote omelet was a nice change of pace. Cool spot. Good, varied menu.
4	Friend said he seen Guy from the food network do a show here, so we decided to come and check it out. Got here at 6:30am on the dot and ordered the Enchiladas,  the plate was very good and had good taste to it. Was expecting a bit more but wasnt bad.
3	I had heard many good things about this place and put it on my list of breakfast places to try. Unfortunately, it isn't my new favorite breakfast spot but it is still pretty good. The location is kind of wonky and (for me) a little confusing. I almost drove past it, if my husband hadn't pointed it out. There was plenty of parking but a little bit of a wait for a table. Once we were seating, our waiter came over to take drink orders. I ordered a vanilla latte and water.For breakfast, I ordered the caramelized banana nut French toast with scrambled eggs and bacon. The French toast was good. I liked the caramelized bananas and I would definitely recommend them. Without them, the French toast was pretty average. My husband ordered an egg dish. I can't quite recall if it was a scramble or what exactly.  The atmosphere had a Cheers vibe - everyone but us felt like a regular. Our waiter chatted with almost everyone, asking about their kids, vacations, etc. This didn't impact service, as our food was quick to arrive and dirty dishes were quick to be cleaned up. Overall, the food was good but nothing out of the ordinary. The service was very friendly and quick.
5	My parents swear by Perk! Consistently great service and food. I live in MN, so I am very much looking forward to eating at Perk the next time I visit my parents.
4	It is a good breakfast place it became famous after drives dives and diners.they have pretty good service however my first dish came out called they take it back and it came out a lot better. That was the Sonora kitchen scrambled.
5	Thanks to Yelp, we found this gem of a breakfast spot.  l had the Fancy Pants scramble with spinach, onion, garlic, turkey, brie, and fig compote and it was decadently delicious. My daughter had the breakfast burrito and the menu allows you to pick what you want inside which is great for youngsters. Other daughter had silver dollar pancakes and rediscovered her love of bacon at the same time. Will be back for sure.
5	Awesome breakfast spot!  In from out of town. Service great, food for kids, wife and me!
5	A phenominal establishment with great staff and amazing eats..  We went here for a breakfast while traveling and were pleased to find an amazing menu and very welcoming environment!!  It's a gem with a fun staff..
1	I came into Perk Eatery one promising Monday morning with my 17 cats and my large tan prosthetic leg. I am instafamous. Keep that in mind. So, as I hopped into a Perk Eatery, I expected the aroma of fresh ground coffee and pinto bean French toast with freshly curded Brie cheese with a dash of cayenne pepper. Instead, I was greeted by the aroma of freshly sprayed homosapian urine and a man with an axe. The man was covered with even more homosapian feces. As I hopped in I asked the Armenian waiter if he could bring in my 17 cats. He replied "not on my watch, now get in the fryer!". I was furious. Someone asked for a ham omelet which is why he put me, a poor instafamous woman with only a mere prosthetic leg, into the French toast fryer. He told me he was going to chop off my last leg in order to make a ham omelet for the special costumer. I was going to be a completely legless woman all for an egg dish. He started by slowly chopping my leg off with a spork (a spoon shaped eating utensil with spines at the top.) As I watched my leg being incapacitated, I began to bawl. My cats came to the rescue, but it was too late. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone.Peace and blessings,Lucy
