4	Sweet new "mega" club at the Venetian.  Expect the usual... long line, and expensive drinks.Table service is good, and it gets you into the club w/o cover or line, but be prepared to bring lots of cash...
4	if you go clubbing in Vegas, you have  to check out Tao.  i was VIP on someone else's tab so I can't speak to the money issue.  however the table service was kinda terrible, so i wouldn't stress about getting a table. good music, good scene, interesting decor.  and its new, how can you resist seeing for yourself?
4	Over-the-top mega-club / restaurant in mezzanine over the casino at the Venetian.The dinner food was better than good, it was borderline inspired, which is shocking considering it was after 11 on a Friday night, with several hundred people in utter mayhem crowd control lines out front.  Sea bass, yum.  Filet, pork appetizers, grilled prawns, wow.  Great bottle of sake.  Shabu shabu, amazing but it's a good thing I know how this works because they didn't bother to explain or do the Japanese full service thing where they make your end-soup for you.Decor was extensive, expensive, and strong.  Both the dining room and the club above are vast, dark, multi-leveled, dramatically lit.  The dining room has huge, color saturated artistic photographs of Tibetan monks and other ascetics -- a little jarring considering the excesses below.  There's a koi pond, a wall (say, 50 X 20 feet) decorated with some kind of antique clay pipes, each in a cubby hole with a pin light.  Tended bathroom.Service was confident and professional, dramatically good looking waitstaff (ours seemed to be in African garb) but completely overwhelmed by the crowd.  Our meal came 2 hours after our reservation, but it's that kind of place.After dinner we talked our way into one of the many VIP area upstairs.  Don't remember much about the music, some kind of mashing from the 80s, which is all the rage among club goers who aren't really partiers.  There was a big tub full of flower petals and a mostly naked Japanese-ish girl making bath motions.  Other assorted attractions.  Again, very dark.  Porn stars and their entourages were spending a lot of money on bottles, Johnny Walker Blue, etc.Bar prices are quite reasonable, far lower than similar Vegas or New York clubs -- $6 or $8 for well or wine (yes, they have Syrah, Savignon Blanc, etc, not just white and red), $9 or $10 for signature drinks.  But it all added up to $135 a person anyway.All this took me away from a very important business meeting, which my handlers told me I was too tipsy to attend.  So I have to say it wasn't worth it.  I wouldn't go back but I probably will.
3	Reservation was easy and we got our tables right away upon arrival. I liked the decor and the ambiance, even with the restroom. Make sure you enter the correct restroom because they are marked "Yin" and "Yang", not "Men" and "Women". The waitstaff were really nice and friendly (explained everything on the menu), but it took us about 2 hours to get our food from the time we made our order. I made a mistake by ordering sushi. In fact, one should never order seafood in Las Vegas because it is too far from the nearest ocean (meaning: not fresh!). So please, don't order the overpriced sushi like I did. The rest of our food orders were okay, but nothing special which I expected from a place like this. I did enjoy their hot sake and dessert (Chocolate Raspberry Wontons & Giant Fortune Cookie). Total damage for a group of six: $300.75. Be prepared to spend if you dine here! It's just too bad we came on a night when it didn't turn into a nightclub. Here's something that kind of creeped me out: the fortune inside my fortune cookie came true the weekend I was in town. Crazy!
5	I guess I should really base my reviews on something other than the talent in the place, but that'll never happen. Supposedly everybody looks the same after a few drinks. But, after sighting Ron Jeremy here during th porn convention, I would have to say he is the ugliest MF I've ever seen. Anyways, as far as the club goes, it is a new Vegas hotspot, with high priced drinks, and hot girls surrounding the bar. Aside from the 3 hour waits that sometimes come with going to Tao, I would recommend it with anybody. Also, having some females with you helps alot in terms of getting you in.
4	I went here over the weekend with a group of 16 girls, so getting in was no trouble at all and free!  However, the line was insane.  Inside was horribly packed, but really awesome.  Just when you think you've seen the whole place, out pops another room.  The decor, ambiance, and dancers were really cool.  I'd love to go there for dinner sometime, as the dining space looked really nice.  Note:  if you use the women's restroom, make sure to turn the knob so that the glass door "fogs" over and people on the dance floor aren't observing your restroom habits.
1	I am so glad that I didn't have to wait in the two hour line. Way to crowded, Rude people and they don't have kettle one. I guess I was supposed to be impressed with the baths of flowers and women sitting as statues... I think it might be a different story if I had been VIP style, however being an average person is NOT WORTH IT!
4	Way cool in the typical Vegas style.  food in  the restaurant was excellent...tons of fish and veggie options.  club was super cool.  great environment with the typical expensive, crowded Vegas feel.  Tres Expensive in the club.  The overhead stage is awesome when there is some live music playing.  I had the joy of seeing a old time blues legend sing there.  Millie was amazing!
5	This is the most stunning restaurant I've ever seen. If the designers didn't win a bajillion awards for the decor, something is seriously amiss. The opium pipe collection is worthy of being in a museum. The koi pond is exquisite. The granite baths with millions of flower petals is what I'd put in my backyard if I had the money to do it.And the food mostly matched the magnificence of the setting. The chef is innovative, the food is beautifully prepared.One of the best dining experiences anywhere.If you're looking for a quiet romantic dinner, go early.
3	From the lotus-filled baths to the incensed air, crimson chandeliers and buddha lined wall as you step off the elevator, Tao is a phenomenally dark and pan asian inspired spiritual experience.  It was my favorite pick of the weekend, despite the over-crowding and lychee deficit at the bar.  Men and women alike will be met with eye candy and sensory overload, but be prepared: the bouncers/security run a tight-a** ship.
3	We have to wait for 20 minutes even though we already made reservations cause the place is super FULL. Their advertisement says "Spiritual Dining" and I don't see anything spiritual about it, in fact, it contradicts to the definition of spiritual. The music is too loud and you have to shout to one another inside the restaurant and you can barely hear the waiter do their recommendation. The food was excellent though, we ordered the 6 different types of seaweed and the Prime Rib with Misoyaki Sauce, both of which is perfect. The decor was okay, it's just a replica of the Tao in New York (and I do prefer the one in NYC). The bathroom is interesting, the ladies go to the Yin bathroom and the gentlemen go to the Yang bathroom, however, the place where you wash your hands and look in the mirror...they are connected and empty on the lower side of the mirror. And they do supply with tons of different types of gums, sweets, moisturizers, toothpicks...etc. I love their chocolate fortune cookies, all the messages inside are exotic...
3	I'm all up for big nightblubs in Vegas. However, when I was shoulder to shoulder with everybody on the dancefloor, and I didn't have any room to move around, I did NOT enjoy it. Perhaps it was so crowded because i went on a Saturday night of March Madness - but I couldn't stick around for more than 45 minutes. Even though a promotor brought us into the club and helped us bypass the lines, I still didn't mind blowing the $30 cover when I left in less than an hour. I must admit that the decor is pretty impressive inside the club. I think I would rather go for an earlier dinner than dance it up at their club. Is that a sign I'm getting old?
4	Very popular place, even on weekdays (of well, it was spring break...) so come early and get crazy!
5	So I decided to walk the strip to enjoy the warm air while looking for some cheap buffet as I was craving for steak tonight.  I climbed all the stairs I could and walked the whole strip to make up for skipping gym today.  As I approached the Venetian, I smiled at the fakeness of Vegas.  It so looked like a miniature Venezia, Piazza San Marco, the works.  While reminiscing my Italian holidays, I saw a billboard of TAO.  I had to take a second look and thought, could this be of the same TAO of Manhattan?Forget the cheap dinner that I could have expensed, I was to treat myself to a nice nite of hip Asian fusion, if this was indeed the TAO of Manhattan.  I found myself inside the Venetian and ran up the black steep stairs into TAO.  I loved the small bathtubs filled with floating flowers, the dark ambience, and the boom-boom-boom beat of Euro trash summer sounds, albeit circa 3 summers ago, the musique was indeed of the Buddha Bar and Hotel Costes DJ mix.  I settled myself by the bar, glass of red wine and felt so enthused!  It was indeed the same TAO of Manhattan with the big buddha by the wall surrounded by hip lit candles.  Although the crowd was definitely not Manhattan, London or Rome, more of wanna be glam while clothed in H&M and Forever 21 type of crowd.  Not to dis those stores as I like to buy basics there, but just the attitude.The food was great!  I had a nice warm bowl of hot and sour soup with a couple of orgasmic toast flavored with shrimp and some light cream topped with sesame seeds.  For my meal, I had a small plate of spare ribs with jasmine rice.  The ribs were abundant!  I was unable to finish 'em all, yet nevertheless enjoyed each bite.Hmmmmmm.... this place was a treat!  I did not expect to find a bit of hipness in Vegas.  Venetian rocks for having Tao and a Guggenheim!
4	Decor is a big thing for me!  Enter the circular hallway to find a sensual collection of tubs filled with orchids and candles floating on water---very upscale.  The main room is filled with buddhas and other zen-like motif.  Very relaxing.  The bartender / security weren't very friendly though.
5	don't make a reservation.  don't dress up.  and for fucks sake, do not wait in line.  roll in like johnny depp (you know...greasy hair, sunglasses inside, no deodorant) and head straight to the back.  park your fat ass at the sushi bar and order several lychee martinis and some asparagus tempura.  it's pan asian fusion so basically the menu is a mess but the food quality is actually very good.  you'll rack up quite a bill (rolling like depp, remember?) but then again, you're not paying so who gives a crap!  it is 2:42 am on monday morning.  only 8 hours until my plane ride out of this hell on earth.  please god let it pass with as little pain as possible.
5	My favorite club in Vegas.  Go with the high rollers and pimp the glass skybox above the dancefloor.  Wear your sunglasses and people may wonder who you are.  And for god sakes, don't wait in line.Extra points for the pretty, half-naked girl in the bath tub, and the hot lingerie go-go dancers.This place is SOOOOO much better than Tao in New York.  The size is amazing.  I was wondering how so much could fit in that space.  Check out the patio off the dancefloor.  It has the view that my old favorite Velvet Lounge had.  This is a much better incarnation.
3	why i like it:1) deck with a view2) pretty good music3) cool ladies bathroom doors that go from clear to smokey when you lock them4) decor is amazing!5) i did not have to wait in that horrid line and i got right in.....thanks tomas the tank engine!6) one word - FOXYwhy i don't like it:1) too crowded!!!!  get out of my way bitch!  2) RUDE ASS bouncers who push and grab and are ugly to boot....not nice people working this place....i'd be sad if i looked like that too i guess3) serious homogenious group.....80% of the people in there were of asian decent...which in and of itself is not a problem....most of the asian people i know are super chic and cool, it's just any concentration of one group is usually not a good thing for a vibe in a club....4) cheesy!!!5) too darkall in all i had a good time at this place, we ended up getting there around 11:00 and staying until about 1:00, then leaving for a couple hours and going back for a couple more.....the late night scene was much better there....yes - it could have been because at that point i was TOTALLY DRUNK and would have been happy anywhere but regardless, the dance floor wasn't quite as crowded and i just liked it better latter in the nightdidn't live up to it's reputation in my mind but hey, i'm hard to please....i would like to see more selective bouncers at this place and maybe some anger management training for them as well.....RUDE BOUNCERS + letting too many people in = ANNOYING
5	After many red bull vodkas and whatever shots my friends were feeding me, my recollections of this place were limited to say the least.  At least, I remember up to the point where someone got freaky on me...whups, I didn't just say that.  Seriously though, great space, huge inside, with lots of energy, and a balcony for fresh air after shakin your booty all night long.  As mentioned, don't wait in line, flirt with the hotties, and have a great time!  What happens at Tao, stays at Tao!
1	"hi, i'm an over pretentious, way overcrowded, too cool for you club that likes to treat its guests like crap yet they still come for more." oops, sorry. i let tao start writing its own review. a large group of 60 of us (yes 60) went to Tao on a friday night hoping to shake our asses off, get drunk, and have a fabulous time. what happened? practically the opposite. first, months in advance we had arranged to be "VIP" at this place and allow all 60 of us in ahead of the rest of the line, get bottle service, and have a table. so we show up at tao in full force and what are we told? we dont see you on the list. whoa whoa wait asshole. we prepaid. we have a contact name. he doesnt work here? kiss my ass. so all 60 of us get in the stupid large line that wraps around the venetian lobby until one of us bitches enough that the nazi bodyguards go into the club to find the elusive contact. 40 minutes later said contact shows up outside apologizing. oh yes of course the list. all 60 of us FINALLY get to go ahead of the line and get in the club. glorious. yes, the inside was absolutely lovely. very well decorated lending towards the more erotic tastes with the ladies whipping each other in the halls. we are then herded upstairs to the apparent "VIP" part of the club only to find the damn place packed to the hilt. you can't even get on the dance floor and if you manage to, you cant dance because you can barely move. drunk fuckers are falling all over you in attempts to either feel up on you or just because they can no longer stand. guys get belligerent and attempt to start fights with your boyfriend. your hot high heels begin to hurt and you just want to sit down but you cant because theres no fucking seating and the "contact" apparently failed to mention that you dont get a table or bottle service for the price you paid. the entire fucking club has these plush seats and long tables but you cant get near them without shelling out $400 a bottle. oh and if you do lean against something, a nazi bodyguard is quickly in your face to tell you to "move along". apparently i didnt pay the "leaning against the wall cover charge". assholes. all in all, not a great experience. if i wanted over pretentious and assholey, i'd just go back to my hometown. at least i can sit down there.
3	las vegas megaclubs like tao are all cut from the same cloth. absurd lines and prices offer meager returns unless you're the type that gets wowed by the decor and random bikini girls in mini bath tubs. poseurs, wannabes, and assorted euro trash abound. i will say that the bar staff was on point in getting my drinks right quick.+1 for the dj dropping a few groovy diva disco cuts
1	everyone that worked there was RUDEwhat loosers
2	This review is only about the nightclub, never ate here. The club is nice, the decor, the atmosphere is great, but...  the club is way too crowded and the music totally sucks... and totally OVER-RATED... who wants to dance to songs from 10 years ago? Well, okay they did play some Top 40/Hip Hip from 1-2 years ago. The two hours we waited in line didnt help the cause either. I'd say if you're from Iowa and this is the first time to Vegas, by all means check out the club, have a good time. If you've been to Vegas before and/or you've been clubbin in NY or LA or SF just skip the nightclub and just eat here!
2	Nightclub Only.It was WAY to crowded. I wonder if they are violating fire code regulations on maximum occupancy? It was hard to move, and if you danced, it would get so hot immediately that you would sweat. The cover charge was $20 and the drinks were expensive. I ended up spending $70 on just drinks alone. The decor is asian of course, but it seemed to be trying too hard. I believe it was a blatant disrespect for using religious icons for decor for a nightclub. I wouldn't do the same thing with Christianity for a nightclub.The line for the men's restroom was awfully long abutting against the side bar which was extremely crowded also. The music was mixed from rock, oldies, dance, and some hip hop to please the masses. It was a hassle with the staircase when you are drunk going up and down but I had fun.... only because I was wasted beyond faded.
5	Hands down best club this summer.The host(s) took care of the ladies.  (i.e. we were just standing around, barely made it to the back of the line and wah lah, just like that one of the host escorted us to the front...GO ESTROGEN!!!)Upon entering, crazy aesthetically pleasing visuals will present themselves before you.Interior decor is fab.!Friendly staff and of course beautiful party goers!  New fabulous hot spot this summer for sure!!!! I heart TAO!
3	Went to Tao with a bachelor party of about 16.  We made a reservation early in the day, and i was informed that if we didn't all show up at 8.30pm then whoever made the reservation would be charged $25/person.  We showed up around 8.15 and stood in the crowded bar/lounge area in front waiting for our table to open up.  After a few rum and cokes, a pretty decent $10.50 mojito, a trip to the bathroom (guys are yang apparently) and 75minutes we were finally seated.  There were two bachelorette parties near our table to provide giddy squeals every few minutes over the down-tempo house that was being spun.  I ordered an overpriced pinot noir for $69 fairly rubbery anago and mediocre hamachi for $4 a piece.  The Mandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Peking Duck ($12) was worth it.  Not because it was amazing fried rice, but because I love duck, and it was filling.  So filling in fact that I wasn't able to consume the Japanese Seaweed Salad Sampler ($10) which had three kinds of seaweed that I'd never eaten before.  The one portion with the chile powder I could have done without though.  I heard from others at the table that the Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon with Tempura of Onion Rings ($29) was delicious.  Our servers were very patient and helpful during the meal, but my main gripe with this place was that after spending nearly $900 for the party, we were told that if we wanted to stay for the Lounge/Club scene, we'd still have to pay the $20 cover.  We got much better deals at the Crazy Horse Too and Sapphire, fuck you very much.ADHD Version:GOOD: Mojitos, Duck Fried Rice, Seaweed Salad, Wasabi SteakBAD: Sushi, price of wine, paying for club after paying for dinnerUGLY: pictures of emaciated child monks staring at you while you stroll back to the WC.
3	Restaurant - LoveleyClub - SUCKSWe ate dinner at Tao on a Saturday nite and marveled at the decor.  Food was delicious (chicken satay, shrimp and chicken low mein, pork fried rice and chinese broccoli were awesome).  Our waiter could not have been more pleasant.  Which is tough with a bachelorette party who is giving each other nasty Barbie doll names and playing with the 6 foot pecker accompanying the bride to be.  We had called ahead and were told that we would receive complimentary admission to the club (and should considering we dropped a G on dinner).  Once there we were told that we were only entitled to a line pass and that we would need to pay $20 for admission.  Since everything else in Vegas would be at least $30, we decided to pay it.  The ambience was beautiful but the host and the clientele destroyed all beauty in this place.  We walked in observing bathtubs filled with rose petals.  Once inside the main room, beautiful Asian women in black lingerie transformed a buddhist meditation palace into a Bangkok brothel.  After having our feet stepped on too many times, we decided to get a table with bottle service.  The host made us wait 45 minutes before taking us to a table in a completely different room playing music we didn't like.  When we told him that we wanted to be in the hip-hop room, he threw my girlfriend's credit card back at us and said that he didn't have anything for us.  What an asshole!  We got out of here fast.
4	Fun place @ the Venetian!  Great Neo-Asia Decor.  Decent food.   High Prices.Great place to have a drink and people watch...More later!
1	I almost forgot...and that would have been an injustice to my fellow yelpers.  But I was reminded by a recent article in a SF mag- boasting how great this place was...I tell you it was NOT!  Please bear with me at this tirade of dissatisfaction and disgust.First we ate at the restaurant Tao- yes the food was very good and the service of our 1 waiter was excellent.  He was funny, informative, and accommodating- and he was the only one.  Service of the restaurant host- unhelpful.  We were a bunch ladies there for a bachelorette party and just spent $800 + tip on our dinner and requested to be placed on the guest list of the club Tao.  He said that he could only get us on the VIP line; therefore we still had to wait and pay the club entry fee.  A few months before- I was at Tao again for another bachelorette party and that time they comped us our entry and just let us walk into the club, but this was before their renovation and subsequent high falluting attitude.  Service of the club host- arrogant and insulting.  We realized 10 mins into club Tao the only way we would enjoy our stay there was to do "table service". We asked a club worker to please send the host to us.  After 30 mins he showed up and asked us, "You want a table?" --- No hello, no thank you for coming to Tao, just "you want a table?"  We said yes, and he said haughtily that it was a two bottle minimum and its $500 a bottle, we deliberated with the girls and said yes.  He lead us on a maze to another room where they were playing house music and said here was our table- we were a little disappointed because we wanted tot stay in the main room where they were playing hip-hop and R&B, but he said this was all he had, although it seemed to us there were many available tables in the main room- like 15 or more mind you!  With annoyance, he said he had other people to help and did we want the table or not- we said no and he took out the envelope where he placed my sisters' credit card and flicked it in her face- really.Over all service: in a place where service is everything because there are so many choices- how are you going to differentiate your establishment from the others. Taos choice was to treat their guests as if they should be lucky we got in and not that Tao was fortunate we chose them.Ambience, dcor, and overall presentation: disturbing.  The name Tao:  Tao n. In Taoism, the basic, eternal principle of the universe that transcends reality and is the source of being, non-being, and change.  Taoism n. A principal philosophy and system of religion of China based on the teachings of Lao-tzu in the sixth century B.  "The way of life" according to Lao-tzu (book) --- he would be "sadden by this tragic perversity."With a giant Buddha in the main dining hall- a symbol of detachment from materialism among other things, you are surrounded by opulence.  Candles lighting your dining experience to evoke peace and serenity, you are bombarded with the Paris-look-a-likes and her mother- Mrs. Hilton who truly was in the ladies room talking it up (celeb sighting).  And as you walk to the bathrooms you are exposed to a gallery display of Buddhist monks- people of whom are the epitome of asceticism.  AND when you go up stairs to the club- you have Asian 'girls" dancing on stage in a "pick & choose" line reminiscent of any TV show Investigation like 60Minutes or 20/20 Special- "Thailand & Prostitution".  Have you seen the naked girl in the bathtub?  My impression, she was put there to be enticing but in reality it was depressing.Irony: I wanted to go to Babylon.  I enjoy my time in Babylon.  And furthermore, I enjoy contradictions which is what Tao is...but Tao doesn't get it right- if your pedaling Asian "services" and exploiting their culture,  at least in a Thailand Brothel no one leaves unsatisfied.GO TO TRYST AT THE WYNN- YOU WILL THANK ME!
3	So we came here on a Friday night and got so angry that the bouncers werent letting ANYONE in (might have been the Paris Hilton sighting or Memorial Day weekend).  Got VIP passes to come back the next day and that's just what we did.  Disappointed.  Drinks were average, dance floor was small, balcony was crowded, bathrooms were semi see through. what. is. up. with. that. huh? They did have these giant booth things that girls can crawl up on and dance on (platforms for aspiring go-go dancers I presume) and sometimes semi-nude girls can be seen bathing in one of their public bath tubs? Confused? Yeah so was I.  We got drunk off of free drinks guys kept buying us though.  Two stars for that! Ok fine one more for the very zen interior.
3	Tao RestaurantWe had reservations on a Friday night at one of the hottest restaurants and nightclubs in Vegas. The renowned NYC hotspot and celebrity hangout is now at the Venetian hotel. This restaurant specializes in asian-fusion food and it was fabulous. I've been to both (NYC and Vegas) and would go back again and again if I could afford it. In Vegas, we were seated VIP style in a booth so that we were able to view everything that was happening. We shamelessly ate everything in site in a matter of seconds to include Chilean Sea Bass, Crispy Tuna Sashimi Roll with Edamame, Pork Spring Rolls, Satay of Chicken with Peanut Sauce, Squab Lettuce, Black Pepper Sizzled Filet Mignon with Udon Noodles, Five Plus Five Ingredient Fried Rice and dessert -- Chocolate Raspberry Wontons with Tahitian Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. I guess we were hungry... (BTW, our waiter was great even though he thought us a pig)I Want It That WayWhile we were having dinner at Tao, we spied someone famous walking around. Figured he was famous cause he had that aire about him. Finally it clicked --- it was that guy from the Backstreet Boys. What's-his-name. He was seated next to the ladies room so we got a good look at him. Maybe he wasn't so famous as he had to sit near the ladies room... hmmm. Anyway, found out his name -- Kevin Richardson.DMV experience at the TaoDining at Tao has its privileges. We were able to get front-of-the-line passes (via stamped wrist) to the nightclub. Nice. However, the stamp didn't waive the $25 cover charge. Not so nice. We were able to overcome that hurdle because we had VIP passes that were given by the one of the nice bellman/valet guy at the Venetian. As an aside, don't ever buy VIP passes from a taxi cabbie. You'll get totally gypped. You can always get them from a nice bellman or concierge or even at a boutique shop. Of course, you have to look like us to get them...So after dinner, we went upstairs to the club. But we were told that we had to go back downstairs, outside to get a stamp to get back in. Huh? So the stamp that we were given during dinner allowed us to be in front of the line outside. Then the VIP passes allowed us to waive the fee to get another stamp to go inside that club. With me so far? As SFJ mentioned, this is just like the DMV. Sheesh --- all this to get into the fricken place where we were already in (albeit downstairs in the dining area)It's Getting Hot in HereThe Tao Nightclub was hopping! It was so packed that SFJ decided to jump on the big speakers and dance ala gogo dancer. We peons were on the floor dancing and moving along with the sea of people like a rip current in the ocean. I swear, I was going to beat someone up. In these kind of settings, I'm not the most jovial person because I hate to be jostled, pushed, shoved, elbowed, etc. I guess I wasn't drunk enough too! It surely was an experience though.In summary, the restaurant get 4 stars and the club gets 2 for an average of 3 stars.
3	I went to Tao twice. Once for food and once to party. Security is ridiculously tight. I think I had to flash my ID four times in two minutes to get upstairs. Like, I'm not a hardened criminal and I'm way over 21! Club is small and loud. What else is new? I really thought the club would be a lot larger. Drink wise I was very dissapointed in the beer selection. Bud, Coors, Heineken, Amstel and Corona? That's it? Weak. Restaurant has pretty good food. Salad I had was in what looked more like a soup tureen and Wasabi crusted Filet Mignon was very good with a bit of a lingering Wasabi effect.I should mention I was there for a private party and as we were all leaving we actually got greeted by one of the hostesses there who made sure we had a really good time and answered all of our questions. She didn't know what Yelp was but she does now. So maybe she'll read your comments and improve the place.
4	We had dinner, and I had high expectations given what I'd heard from friends.  The food was good but not great.  I was a little surprised by the prices ($26 for kung pao chicken?), though the portions were at least decent-sized.  I had a great time at the club the last time I came, but it seems to have lost a bit of its luster.  I'm not sure what it was, but the vibe just didn't seem right.  The main dance floor was ridiculously crowded so we went to a different room which was fine, but there weren't a ton of people dancing.  Generally, the club was pretty fun but potentially not the worth the hassle.The Tao-tinis are yummy.
5	A dear friend invited me to dine with her las week during my visit to Las Vegas.  Tao was definitely an experience.  The restaurants design consisted of bold reds, tiered dining levels, Buddhist inspired statues and and overall Asian fusion inspired theme. Oh, and the joint is massive.  I mentioned that I was dining with a friend however, the following evening I was invited to join a large contingent of company folks for a corporate dinner so I double-dined Tao.My close friend from the first night was fairly familiar with the establishment so we picked from her list of favorites: lobster shrimp dumplings, spicy tuna roll, sweat potato tempura and Peking Duck.  I have some distant Chinese heritage and my family has been enjoying Peking Duck since before I could even say "Peking," so I was pretty skeptical.  Even when the dish was served and everything looked in order except for the over-sized tortilla looking pancakes I was still questioning the notion of enjoying such as cherished dish at a hyper-trendy Las Vegas eatery.  I was not disappointed.   Actually, my Peking Duck experience was actually a tragedy of sorts - this restaurant has chosen to remove the thick layer of fat from the skin still preparing the dish in a traditional manor.  What results from this choice is the flavor and fun of Peking Duck without the sometimes gut wrenching experience of swallowing down pure duck fat.  I'm sure a million ethnic Chinamen (and women) are probably screaming out in dismay at the sacrilege; but for me it was like getting an ice-cream cone on a hot day that never melts - a miracle.  I'm actually frothing at the mouth thinking about that dish right now.Again, as with the rest of my reviews of last weeks dining and debauchery my memories are not so sharp.  I would have to sit down with the menu to recall the three or four other dishes that we sampled - all of them as good as the rest.Sadly, my second night of dining was with gentlemen (and one Lady) that were more preoccupied with drinking and boasting than experiencing the offerings of this great and trendy restaurant, so the host relied heavily on the opinions of our server, who had similar tastes to my dear friend with whom I dined the night before.  Naturally, I enjoyed two evenings worth of Peking Duck, shrimp and crab dumplings and more tempura than I could handle for one night.  Even sadder still, I and my Chinese friend who joined us for dinner were the only ones that dined on a double serving of "the duck."My last comments go to the strange yet beautiful display of opium pipes arranged individually in rainbow-lighted cubes; covering an entire wall of one of the many rooms named after rooms in a home (i.e. the den, the study, etc).  The theme for Tao is "Religious Dining" and I couldn't help but consider how un-religious opium is/was and what a tragedy was so forcefully shoved onto China by England who dumped massive quantities of cheap opium into the population.  During the 1900's, the British crown was the largest drug dealer in the world.  These events have served to properly alienate China and to this day an heir of resentment and paranoia still persist as a result of the opium tragedy from what now seems a time long ago.Weird historic decor aside - 5 stars!
4	My girlfriends and I decided to go here because we knew someone staying at the venetian who was able to get us on "the list" and being girls we got in fairly fast anyways.  This place is huge with the restaurant area on the first floor (which I've heard that if you dine here you get free entry into the club area upstairs) and the lounge/club upstairs.  I think as you walk into the corridor to the restaurant, it sets the mood for the entire place... ebony wood on all 4 sides with bathtubs in several nooks filled with candles, rose petals, and every so often a scantily clad (and by that I mean those rose petals are stuck to a few key areas) women in the tubs as well.  The club/lounge had a good selection of hip/hop and rock from the late 80s to current - which I love and the it was busy but not so much that you couldn't enjoy yourself. The drinks are expensive, but that's to be expected.  This was by far our favorite place of the weekend (and definitely good for star spotting if you are into that sort of thing).
3	2 stars for the restaurant, 4 for the club.  I'm splitting the difference and giving them a 3. I'd been to the restaurant before, on a quiet night, and absolutely loved it. This time, however, we went on a Sat. night with a party of 8, we had to wait an hour for our table, and they stuck us at this tiny, tiny table that should have sat 5, max.  It was too small to have the dinner family style, which is really the only way for that menu to be served. We were jammed up against 3 other tables, packed in there so tightly that the server spilled boiling shabu-shabu liquid on my sister's arm trying to get it onto the the table. She was fine, and the management kissed our ass for a little while, but did not apologize for the shitty table, or overcrowding, and he certainly didn't comp us anything for the trouble. The club was a different story--I was expecting a hassle after reading the reviews, but it all went pretty smoothly. It's like getting into the goddamned White House though--be prepared to confirm your reservation up to three times, and make sure you track down the VIP host to take you up there--the line outside was atrocious. Even though we were already in the restaurant, we had to go back outside with the host, check in with the bouncer, and then go up to the club. The club is beautiful and the music was pretty good--mostly current Top 40 kind of hip hop (which, face it, is what you want to dance to after 5 red bull and vodkas).  The table service was excellent, we had 2 servers who were very nice, helpful, and attentive. Yes, for $450 a bottle they should be, but given how uppity the staff are about this club, it was a surprise to have such friendly servers. I would avoid the tables around the dance floor if you can--it's an absolute zoo. We were in the hallway when you walk in, which at first I thought was lame, but the main room with the dance floor is like a cattle pen, you'll appreciate being able to get out of there. Bonus entertainment: the working girl at the table across from us with the two old men.  It's Vegas--I love it!!
1	Maybe it was because we arrived at 2am, but damn..this place SUCKED. The music sucked, and it was WAY too crowded. People were pushing and shoving..absolutely no room to dance. Not that I could've danced to their music! We only got in as guy-girl couples. For $20, we could've stuffed ourselves silly at some buffet!Overrated.
1	Dude, f--- this place.Overcrowded, douche-y clientele, bitch ass "bouncers" who get paid just to yell at you if you just want to get away from the overcrowded, sticky dance floor, and a faint smell of something nasty.I can't imagine how you could have a good time here, but to each their own, I guess.
3	Okay Okay, So I actually LIve in Vegas so it takes a lot to impress me. My experience at TAO was pretty bad but that wasnt all the part of the club.  Being a party of 5 girls was totally in our favor, so we didnt have any issues getting in but we did have a problem with an expired ID. I didnt even know about that NV law. SO, anyway- we got shuved around the first hour, I tried to get us some shots. The bartender made eye contact with me, so I ordered prompty, as you do right?well, apparently he wasnt looking at me to take my order? SO he made some joke and laughed at me. But I was forced to stand there and wait until I could order, LAME. If I could have gotten out I would have, so we waited literally 20 min to get a freaking drink, which wasnt even what we ordered. YUCK.Then, we were cruising around we had numerous drinks spilled on us because the place was SO crowded. As I passed one area a girl flicked her cig on me ( I am hoping it was an accident) and my foot actually caught on fire for a sec because of all the booze. Anyway- then my foot was stomped on and I spent the next week in pain at work because of it.I think TAO is overrated and the service was terrible, when we were at the table they pretty much leave u to hang , we had to ask 3 times for juice, other than cranberry. So, if you dig crowds then go. Personally if I cant dance at all, Im not having fun!
3	Can I just say that if you are claustrophobic at any level, you WILL die here. After hearing all the hype, of course my girls and I wanted to check it out. Passes helped tons (as well as being with an all-female group), got in quickly and was ushered upstairs to the club. 5 stars for the venue, everything was so decorated, down to every last detail. The bathroom doors are transparent until you get in the stall and lock the door... it magically frosts!!! Kinda freaky, but definitely funny if you're a bit drunk. The music was good hip hop/top 40 stuff, but it was impossible to dance at all!! The dance floor was completely over-packed, with people practically on top of other people. I must have had at least four red bull vodkas spilled all over me before I even reached the center. and I don't like wearing liquor!! VIP service wasn't bad, drinks were made pretty strong. I would have enjoyed this place soo much more if it wasn't so damn crowded though... or maybe I just wasn't drunk enough.
5	i am speechless.this place is the most amazing club i have EVER been to (and i go out a lot, in vegas as well). we chose to spend out new years here in the venetian, and it was the best decision we made all trip long. first of all this place is SICK inside. we walked in intending to spit game on girls and just had to sit there speechless for about an hour taking it all in. they have upwards of 6 different bars around the place, all absolutly amazing. they are beautiful, well lit, well designed, and overall unbelievably choice. there are multiple different rooms, each with a unique flavor, but all with ample space. we went and they were walking around with the best sushi/asian appetizers on the face of the planet. they had dancers in the upstairs who were hot, and in general i have never seen that many women who were that hot in one place in my life. in case you havent noticed i f**king love this place.you can't say this place is expensive, because every place in vegas that is half decent is expensive. pure, studio 54, and light are all very very nice and are all the same price as here. we also had an open bar until 11 which was both good and bad: good since it was top shelf, but bad because we drank ourselves silly.NOW the good part.new years: pamela anderson was there. then usher made a surprise appearance. then so did jamie foxx. and ever seen vegas vacation? rusty was there too. in the main room, there were TWO bathtubs (beautiful ones), filled with water and rose petals on top, and 2 amazingly hot girls sitting inside them the whole night. my jaw dropped instantly. the place also had 4 dj's who were all amazing, and i would go back here in a sec (paris hilton hosted here last year).so yes, go here, do it do it do it. it is unrivaled in las vegas nightclubs and is one of the most amazing experiences. i have ever had.
5	We got to Tao at 10, early by Vegas standards, but required by our host. Already at 10 the line and crowd was huge. Once again, I walked right up to the host, gave them my name, and in we went. We were escorted to our table in the main room- amazing. Instantly we were introduced to our waitress, bus boy, and security guard. Within 10 minutes of arrival we had two bottles on our table and every mixer you could imagine. You ask, they give it to you. (My friend wanted to drink vodka martinis so they brought him vermouth, olives, and martini glasses) I'm from Boston and you don't get service like that here.  We had heard that Tao treats its VIP tables the best and I have to say its true. Our security guy was our personal escort to the bathroom all night. Do you have any idea how awesome it is to bypass a line of 25 girls who have been waiting 30 minutes to pee? Its pretty farking awesome. Anything we wanted was ours. Not having to wait in line to get in, get drinks, go to the bathroom- that is priceless. And when you work out the math it only comes out to be a little more or the same than what you would pay if you got the drinks separately from the bar. The dance floor at Tao was SO incredibly packed that you are forced to grind with whomever is around you. Having your own table and space is much, much, better than being herded like cattle. So while yes, it is expensive, it is worth every penny.  You pay for much more than drinks.Update:Another great bottle service experience at Tao.  I booked a table for 12 of us for my birthday and when one of my friends had his flight canceled they were really great about letting us drop it to 9 and having two girls on the guest list.  My friend and I walked right into the guest list line and right in with no cover.  I think we waited all of 4 minutes.  Fantastic.Once inside we were able to meet with our group easily and we had a great spot in the corner just as I asked for.  My husband was on crutches from an incident the previous night and they were very nice and accommodating!  Our waitress was great and our personal bouncer was as well.  I feel bad that the last time we took our friends to Pure because the service at Tao is just so far above that at Pure its laughable.  It was probably packed in Tao, like it always is, but we had no idea because of our corner location.  Again, the best choice for bottle service in Vegas, hands down.
5	This is the most beautiful and fun nightclub I have every been to! I didn't know a nightclub could be soooo gorgeously decorated. You feel like you've stepped into an attraction at Disneyland rather then a stuffy, crowded, dark, and dank nightclub. As you can see I have low expectations for nightclubs in general. But this one was different and I had an awesome time dancing and drinking. The place did get a bit crowded but not as bad as my experience at Pure. VIP tables were expensive but very well laid out and the waitstaff was very attentive. All in all this was one of the best nightclub experiences I have ever had.
3	-above average venue...love the entrance-service is slow and rude -a tad overrated-pricey...but it is vegas -the wait...forevs
4	the club itself is beautiful and because a porn convention was going on this weekend, there were tons of industry people around.  our group didn't have a table but we were able to sit with some guys who were talking to some of the girls so that was good luck  i don't think i would go again if i didn't have a table. the music was ok, nothing amazing, and ordering drinks at the bar took forever but the guy who was taking care of the table was really attentive and good about getting us to stay in a certain area without being rude so i thought the service was good overall.  it was hard to dance because it was so crowded and if i'm drinking at a club, i need to dance it off.  in the end, a good club is a good club but i guess it was a typical vegas experience and it was fun but not something i'd hurry back for.
5	I love that Vegas restaurants invest a ton of money in atmosphere. Not only do you get food, but the complete over the top dining experience. As you walk in the entrance, there are stone tubs filled with rose petals. I read somewhere in one of my gossip rags that at some celebutante's party (or something), these tubs were filled with women who looked like they were taking a bath. Now that's an entrance! Anyhow, my colleague were able to shimmy up to the bar and eat some yummy appetizers. My favorite dish? The fried kimchee! Lightly dipped in tempura. Some people dream of Jeannie. I dream of fried kimchee.
4	Great sound system, decent decor- with an asian theme through out. Beautiful people - sorta :)quality place.
4	Club OnlyStopped by for a friend's birthday on Super Bowl weekend.  The Club is HUGE, each room with its own unique decor.  -1 star for $30 cover and expensive drinks!
4	Disregarding the long line and expensive drinks - because well its vegas where most lines are long and most drinks are expensive - Tao is really incredible. I thought it was a little weird that there were so many suits running around with ear radios talking to each other. It made it feel a little chaotic.But I'm from Portland - that doesn't happen here. On any level.Its straight up huge - different bars, different themes, different decor, different girls dancing around in different matching outfits. It was crazy. The atmosphere was very sexy, dark and smooth. I think all the Tao girls lounging around in beds, bathtubs, vip tables and dance floors helped that!The music was great, but it was a little hard to get on the main dancefloor. Like the rest of Vegas, it pretty smoky in there. I wouldn't say any worse than any other club though. Tao is amazing!!
3	great club but a bit too impersonal for my taste, it's so big and crowded that it's hard to socialize.For the guys, they have a lot of eye candy, like women in bathtubs without water I think and all they're wearing is a rosepedal bikkini with invisible straps.If it weren't for a girl that invited me and my girls to a VIP section, so we could finally dance without being skin to skin surrounded by people I probably wouldn't go back.We ended up with free booze, elevated space to dance and didn't even get bugged by the rich guys who made sure to keep everybody happy and liquered. Sometimes it's just great to be a girl:)
5	I loved it here. It's got the great crowd like Pure, good music, and a lot more space. Not too difficult to walk around and cruise. I definitely recommend Tao over any other club right now, all else being equal.
3	The Bigger and Badder sister of the famous NY restaurant, Tao has become one of the hottest places to spend weekend nights to indulge in some of the city's finest nightlife. With that said, be weary of the overly expensive drinks, cover, and insane crowds.  If you happen to know any of the promoters, make sure they can get you past the lines that form any night on the weekend.  Sundays and Thursdays are theme nights and often times free cover (with access to the guest list) is permitted.  Unless you're loaded, don't think about getting a bottle here since the minimum is now 3 to 1 bottle.  With that aside, some of the coolest events are held here (fashion shows, celebrity bashes) and the naked women covered in rose petals dancing slowly to the music are an artsy touch.
5	I've only been to vegas for a week in my life, on a company trip, and myself and my entire 10 person company, including my super conservative boston bosses went. It was awesome, from the naked chicks in the bathtup bathing each other, to the fact that Jamie Foxx and Fergie showed up and performed. Due to Tao, I felt like I had THE real vegas experience by the time I left. Awesome.
5	Tao is amazing... great drinks and friendly servers. I was never charged a cover, and never had to wait in line... it's all in your timing folks!Try to snag one of the curved couches... and have fun!
3	The weekend is freakin' ridiculously busy. Beautiful club but to come here on a Saturday night would be like instigating a fight with yourself. You love that you're out dancing... you hate that you've got everybody up against you at all times and you can't move through the crowds with any sort of efficiency.I did it once. Won't be doing it again anytime soon.-------------------------------------8 months have passed and I found myself back at Tao on a Friday night. This time we had a VIP table, bottle service- the works! The eyecandy in the place is fantastic. The service was disappointing considering the money being spent at our table.A neighboring VIP table had people coming to our table pouring themselves drinks and trying to snag our champagne. Are you KIDDING me? Where's my hostess? Where's our host? You'd hope that by having a table in an elevated section you could relax, let down your guard and have some fun. But... one of our girls' purses were stolen and the fact that the idiots with the table next to ours were trying to take our booze- It'll be another 8 months if not never for me to come here.
4	Long lines, expensive drinks ... what else do you expect from a club on The Strip?I think Tao is just beautiful. I obsessively collect Buddhas and other pieces of art of an Asian style, so the decor is right up my alley. And the tubs full of rose petals and water when you first walk through the door smell lovely. The service was extremely friendly, especially for being a Vegas night club. Yeah, if I had silly bucks to blow, I'd hang out there more often, for sure.I'm not the type to go to a club to meet people, so I guess I never notice anyone else but the friends I'm with when I'm out. Of course, it's a hassle when it takes a lifetime to get to the bathroom, but that's why you only find me in these big clubs on special occasions, like friends in from out of town.
4	My experience at Tao was better than I expected.  We skipped the lines on a late Saturday night by the power of a great smile.  As we moved swiftly through the 'tunnel' of rose petal-filled bathtubs, we emerged into the first room right outside the restaurant of Tao.  On this floor, electronica was being played.  Not a whole lot people hung out on this floor when we were there.Moving upstairs, we walked into the main floor.  This time there were hot girls with hot bodies working the stage from above and the bathtubs below.   It was a bit crowded for us, so we moved into the other room where we found some cool people who were more than willing to give us drinks and take part in our 30th birthday party celebration.  We like fun people who don't mind sharing!  After getting all sweaty in there, we moved back into the main room.  Finding some space in the middle, we were able to shake out booties and enjoy the fun crowd.  I must admit, the people we met were pretty cool.  Of course, there are always those pervs who just work their way up to you and start bumping against your ass.  (What happened to asking first?)  Overall, hanging out at Tao on a Saturday night (once you bypass the crowd) is pretty cool.  I guess it all depends on the company!  I can only hope you're lucky to go with such fun people!Sidenote: Drinks are damn expensive in there!  And I do mean - expensive!  $13.50 for a shot?!
4	We arrived here long after our fine dinner at Tao Bistro and since we got a line pass from our server, we were able to avoid the long line cue before the club opens at 10pm.It's a pretty cool club with different areas and music in parts of the club. Since we got there early it wasn't crowded and my wife and I were able to chat with the bartender. TIP: Since drinks can be on the pricey side, tip your bartender well and early to get good strong quality drinks...we stumbled out of the place...but that's another story.The music in the large table room was awesome but beware, when the tables get reserved, you will be asked to leave and there's little room to sit elsewhere in the club. That was okay because my wife wanted to shake her fine booty on the dance floor. If I came here with a group, I would opt for a table which i hear can be pricey.Speaking of which, the dance floor gets crowded fast so either practice your vertical dance moves or avoid it altogether. My wife had a minor altercation with a female patron trying to get her "freak" on. I guess she got too close to her dance "expressions". Behind is the outdoor balcony which overlooks a portion of the strip and gondola ride...which was nice to breath in some fresh air with cigarette smoke rather than straight smoke.The staff, including the doormen, were courteous with us which showed us they had class. All-in-all, we had a good time. I wouldn't mind coming back here again.
2	We got hooked up with only a 10 dollar cover....but maybe we came to Tao on the wrong night...it seemed like the crowd was solely of one type, and I usually like a mixed group.  The drinks were whatever, the cover was expensive ... $30 (originally)!? And the bouncer was a rude ass mofo that almost got bitchslapped by my girlfriend.  I swear it was kinda intense, as she stared that huge 300 lb dude down like she was gonna rip him a new hole!  Go girl! :) ANYWAYS, it was kinda cool seeing Gabrielle Union, shes a freaking GIANT (talllll lady) and the music was nice, but I think they overpacked the club so much that there wasn't even any room to dance!  That and the people in the VIP were such big assholes...seems like you ARE a nobody just cuz you didn't drop a couple hundred for a jank ass couch.  I like clubs where its poppin' and they respect the people that pay to get in VIP or not...it may take some convincing for me to come back here, but I'm sure it was probably just that night? i'll give it 2 stars for now...
3	Rolling in at about 11, I encountered a lengthy line that wrapped around the perimeter of the second floor like the Snake game you use to play on the celly. However, since we talked to a promoter, who has a booth on the casino floor, the day before, we were able to be on the guestlist which reduced a normally hour wait to a mere 15 minutes (bringing some ladies is a must to get in quick).Once inside, I went upstairs to the hip-hop floor and straight to the bar. Getting alcohol was quick and easy but moving around definitely was not. The place is so packed, finding a spot to get jiggy with it was definitely at a premium.   Overall the decor and layout was good. DJ was decent, didn't play much new hits. Defintely a partypeople atmosphere.
5	we spent the first night of my bachelorette party here and loved it so much that we spent our 2nd night here too (after bouncing from rain - totally overrated!). guest list on napkin nights to avoid the cover and i s'pose having a group of 12 buzzed girls helps tooo. be warned about the bathrooms - if you don't close the doors perfectly (they're see-through until you lock it, then turn opaque), everyone'll be watching you (booo, def NOT the best design for drunk peeps that need to pee).
1	I hate this place.  Why is ok to degrade Buddhist statues but never say a word about the virgin mary.  I am offended at the cultural appropriation and not to mention their billboards make me sick.  I love sex and I love love Vegas, but keep my religion out of it!The food also is not that good, nor the cocktails.  If you are from CA, try the Geisha House in Hollywood.  It is amuch classier version.
4	Ok first of all this is Las Vegas the VIP list means nothing... Your table reservation means nothing... and your continuous harassments of the bouncers will do nothing...Next,  You are in Vegas - There are maybe three to four good clubs here - please realize this and don't complain about the over crowdedness - If you want a place to bond with your friends than go party in the Stratosphere - It will be sooo quiet you can hear your friends think...As for Toa I have never made a reservation, I have never called in advance and I have never waited longer than 20-30 min.   It's very simple you walk to the front,  tell the guy you want to get a table and thank him with a small sum in the palm of your hand!!!  yes that is what you should do.As for the club, great sound system, great venue, if you take care of the bartender on your first round he or she will take care of you on the following rounds.  If you get a table than you should have enough drinks to last you though the night.I will admit that it is rather hard to find a place to dance however they do have a separate area for the people who get tables and they also have a house room which is less crowded...____________________By: Ali E.
2	Good Club, but 1 Major unexcuseable problem for me...I have to wait in a line to go into the MENS restrooms????
4	4 stars only because this club is the "be seen to be seen" type club. the music was good and i had a good time until my buzz wore off - then i realized it was crowded. but then again, this is vegas and everywhere is like that. a nice touch were the hot go go dancers on the ledges. oh and learn from my lesson, dont get separated from your crew at this place. it may take you a long time before you are reunited with them again. overall, its a good club. tip: if youre friends are staying at the venetian, they can get you in for free. we managed it for 18 people.
2	I visited Tao for the first time in December. Beautiful partygoers are packed in like sardines and the dance floor on the second level is potentially dangerous.My impression of Tao was marred by the staff. While I was impressed by the DJ's mixing and opulent interior, I was APPALLED by the off-putting, confrontational attitudes the outside security staff gave to folks in line. In conversations with Venetian staff, they too agreed Tao staff can be difficult to deal with.I understand it is important staff be selective when scouring lines. However, the *lack of tact* in dealing with potential customers seemed outrageous. Why alienate folks that have money to spend and will simply go elsewhere? Customers and good PR are the lifeblood of a club, right? (I e-mailed them and a member of management called me to apologize. I appreciated the attention and suggested they work to improve their customer relations.)Their bouncers work hard to move the crowd but apparently leaning against the wall is a penalty, as they herd you along. The bartenders were all business and not very engaging, even though we were ordering an obscene number of shots.On the bright side, the head of security and on-site medic helped my friend when she had an anxiety attack there. She conveyed to me how courteous they were to her. If not for her experience, I would find it VERY difficult to recommend this place at all to anyone.I am being quite generous by giving them two stars.
4	I had to check out what everyone was talking about with Tao. All the celebrities hang out here so what's so great about this place? First off, for the normal folk it is very difficult to get into. I've heard of people standing in line at 830pm when the club doesnt open until 1030pm. I figured out the best time to come is between 1-2pm. Dont worry, it will still be crowded so being there at 2am is no different they 12am. If you're staying at the hotel, get on the guest list or chat it up with the bouncers and get some VIP passes. The place has awesome decor and statues. Be sure to walk through all the different rooms. Girls dancing in cages up top and a stage area for the drunk girls from that bachelorette party. The smaller roomer on the side was much less crowded with still great music. This place gets 5 stars for music but downgraded one star for the huge crowd. People pushing everywhere and it was impossible to get a drink. Bottle service is probably the way to go for me next time. Although I heard it's quite pricey....
4	1 Bachelor, 14 guys, 1 big table , 8 bottles, 4am , $4500, drunk off the ying yang , great music , beautiful people, good service.. can't go wrong here at TAO
3	Our final stop of the night, we came to Tao because we ran into the DJ on the Strip and he gave us free passes which we happily accepted.  He also gave us his number so could give us a "shout-out".  So we (okay it was me) stumbled into Tao.  The doorman had just dealt with some seriously bitchy girls so when we approached him all smiles and sultry looks, he was more than happy to send us to the front of the line.  Yay!Wow, this place is gorgeous!  The entrance is lined with white tubs filled with floating rose petals.  And in two of the tubs, there were naked girls bathing themselves!!  How do you even interview for that job?!?!  Hot, but wow.  Anyway, so we headed straight for the dance floor to shake our drunk asses.  Long story short, the DJ came through on the shout out.  He's DJ Reach and he's there every Friday night doing his thing.  Great stuff too!  We wandered away from the dancefloor as it was hot and sweaty and kinda smelly.  I don't know how it happened but we ended up getting invited to some middle-aged men's booth where they had bottle service.  Great.  As if I needed more alcohol.  Delicious.  The ladies room is the coolest thing.  It's not a room it's a hallway upstairs of about 6 stalls, each with their own sink.  They have doors that went open are frosty and see through, but as soon as you close the door, you can't see out or in!  I was entertained while waiting for my own stall.  We ended up dancing up on the sofas, mostly because it meant we could kick off our heels that were by now taking minutes off our young hot lives.  The cocktail waitress that they had in the booth was the sweetest thing!  She put up with our drunk asses and she deserves whatever she made that night.  And then some.
5	Ive had some of my greatest, most memorable, most outlandish Vegas nights at Tao. Halloween 05...partying with Mr. Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous on one side and Dennis Rodman on the other. The night that I saw Paris on the catwalk by the VIP  Den next to Fat Joe who had grabbed a mic and started flowin' and him almost knocking her over. Halloween last year when I went dressed as Clayton Bigsby (the black white supremacist from Dave Chappelle skit) in full KKK gown and had a line of people wanting to take my picture (it was unbelievable I tell ya...the story of that night). So many memorable nights at Tao that I could honestly write pages about them and still probably not finish. Lets just say that Tao is my favorite of the major clubs on the Strip because the music is always good, the crowd always hot and sexy, the drinks always stiff, and the vibe always rockstar. If youre there and can score a table, do it. Yep...its a hefy cost, but the return on your investment (especially if your a guy) will probably be worth your while. As many times as Ive been to Tao, never a bad experience. That is the sign of a great nightclub.
5	You know when you walk into a club and you see a bunch of dudes getting hauled away by security because they're either too rowdy, too cool, or both? That was us, the first time we tried to get into Tao. Basically if you don't have a good ratio in your group, you'll wait in line until the sun comes up. The second, more female half of our group showed up thirty minutes later and we tried once again to get in, but apparently we offended too many security guards the first time around so were more or less barred from entrance. Since there were two entrances, we figured "hey, might as well try the second one..." So we walked around the other side baller-status and went straight in, no questions asked. Granted, we did order two bottles (which came to about $950) but we had the table right behind the stage in the VIP area and was a great time after. The common folk looked a little cramped in the general area. It reminded me of that time when I went to Pure and it was just two hours of moving from place to place because there wasn't one area that wasn't too crowded. We had nine people in our group, so it was roughly $100 a person (which included cover, etc)
5	Damn man, I love this place!  If you enjoy beautiful women, this is the place to be.  You'll hear arbitrary complaints about the size of the dance floor and how overcrowded it gets, but honestly who gives a damn...it's VEGAS!!! Seems like the females here are always lookin' to have a good time, which is good for us fellas.  And like i said, whether you got your beer goggles on or not, you're absolutely going to spot gorgeous women left and right.  So bring cash and a low interest credit card, cause there's a good chance you're gonna take a look at your receipts in the morning and say "WTF!!!" But as the fog clears, you start to remember bits and pieces of the night, and everything is all right as you smile ear to ear.  Beautiful club, scenery is great, right when you walk in you see hotties bathing in water with flowers sprinkled all over them.  Amazing.  However, if you're with a group of guys, find a group of girls to get in line with you.  Ratio needs to be 1:1 for entrance.  But it's not a problem because there are plenty of cuties floating around, just take care of their cover charge and you're good to go!
5	Sick sick sick!  And my sick I mean fu@#*ng AMAZING...  Now I cannot say that my experience at Tao was typical, but if you're a blonde girl in a dress, perhaps your night at Tao will go something like mine did.  My group of 11 girls arrived around 10ish, and we'd been hooked up by Yelper Myke... No cover, sweet.  We went inside, and since it was early we checked out the rooms and got drinks easily.  We went upstairs and checked out Tao Beach.  The bartenders were pretty delicious looking.  Patron shot number one happened.  Then we headed back down to the club.The dance floor still wasn't going off yet, so we went out to the balcony, which had a beautiful view of the water below, as well as the Vegas strip.  We went in and started dancing, not too crowded, good times were being had, and then the bouncer asked if I wanted to dance up on the platform.  Done and done, I was up on the platform having a good time with my friends, and I started eye-flirting with the guys in the VIP booth below.  When it came time to exit the platform, Mr. VIP helped me down the stairs, and before I know it the night became an endless stream of vodka tonics and tequila shots, all courtesy of some dude from New York who had just become president of his company.  Bottles of champagne with sparklers in them also arrived at the table.  The club was packed wall to wall, but in the booth it was spacious and comfy.  We had our own cocktail girl, as well as our own security guard.  And yes, as someone mentioned below, security walks you to the bathroom.  Speaking of the bathrooms, the doors are glass, and when you lock the door they go from clear to frosted!  Trippy!Getting free VIP treatment from strangers is a rare thing, but at Tao you might find the kind of high rollers who can make it happen for you.  And if you're a big baller who can afford to go VIP at Tao, just make sure that you say hello to your friendly blonde platform dancer...  And get her a shot of Patron while you're at it!
4	Nice dark, modern, asian ambiance.  A big enough dance floor upstairs with pretty girls half naked in bath tubs.  Second bar and dance floor downstairs.  They need it too because this place gets so crowded.  A must see...don't forget if your a local girl you get in for free.
4	after dinner @ bouchon, my 2 girlfriends and i were hanging out in the casino and were given passes to the club.  we decided to check it out, got right in, no cover and promptly were invited to join someones bottle service.  we danced all night while drinking the fruits of someone else's labor.  the dance floor was pretty crowded and the one round of drinks we paid for was expensive, but if you're a cute girl, work your look and you too will find yourself comfy on a banquette.  sorry boys.
4	Everything started out smoothly for a Memorial Long Weekend night at Tao's especialy since we got in only after 5 minutes of waiting in line. Perhaps this is because we were on the guest list, though. Once you step inside, there are many courteous doormen which assist you and guide you to the club. You feel very privileged because of them..hahI was really impressed by how beautiful all the people were here. I'd say for every 10 people you saw, only 1 would be off, and even then they would be at least half decent.Anyway, besides the crowd, decor is beautiful. There are also two bars. The middle level of Tao's is the Tao's Night Club, the upper level is Tao Beach, and the bottom level is the Tao Bistro. For Tao's Night Club, I'd have to say there are some cool hidden corners. There are also bath tubs with nude women taking in bath in rose petals which was kind of cool. Lighting is very dim. I'd say this is a fun place to check out but it gets old after a while. Especially if you go on a crowded night, you get the feeling that it gets clausterphobic!  But have fun :)Pros:+ good ambiance+ good variety of music+ nice Asian decor+ 2-3 bar areas+ beautiful people, crowd+ people to assist you at every corner. When you go to Tao Beach, you'll pass a lot of employees who are in the corners just to make sure everything runs smoothly..The men are dressed in black suits and the women are half nude with bellies showingCons:- drinks run from 9 dollars to $15..kind of ridiculous to be paying $15 for a frozen lemonade with a bit of liquor in it- really really crowded because it's the "it" place to be. A little too crowded for my taste..Tips:* I believe you can get complimentary admission if you are a girl by grabbing a pass at the Tao Bistro (get it during the day time before you go!)* get there early if you want to avoid the lines. We got to the club by 10 and that probably helped us get in faster; We left the club at 1am and the lines were ridiculously long still...* Don't wear jeans... the people really do look at you up and down*There's free valet! But it starts at 10!
4	4 Stars = One of the best places in Sin City.Off the hook besides the drink prices and the massive crowds.  My friend got kicked out at like 12 though so we didn't even get to see the surprise Kanye performance.  Lame.
2	BIG LAME!!! ...doesn't take much to please me either.Why: overcrowded, over-hyped, over-priced--OVER IT!First, night went ok w/our girl crew: 10+ bachelorette girls. Course, we breezed in easily b/c of sheer number & gender (I don't usually endorse this by the way--so uncool for egalitarian clubbers like us).Drinks sucked, too strong & not enough anyway.Many areas to dance but music was not groove'n for me--& I'm a huge dance freak too.Topping the horrid downward spiral was this pissy little waitress. I accidentally bumped into her, spilling a bit of her orders on the tray. It was rather dark, tight w/people, & who can see anyone from their backside? After helping her recover the drinks (still plenty by the way) she demanded I pay for the slight mishap. UNREAL!!! So my crew & I stare her down. She then got the bouncer to level the field. Luckily the bouncer understands unhappy customers is seriously bad for business. Our goal was for a good time, not confrontations. He then decided we were actually harmless & dismisses the snooty server. 5stars for the Bouncer; BIG ZERO for that Wench.Would I come back any time soon? Don't think so...ever.
4	Whenever my friends ask about Vegas n which club to hit up, I always mention this place first. Quick suggestion though, get on some sort of VIP list or else suffer having to wait about 27 hours before you get drunk and bathe in one of those rose pedal bathtubs. This place was pretty big and crowded...which was a little flaw too, I hate having to literally push my way through a crowd. But the whole ambiance of the place made up for it.
4	If I could I would give it 4.5 stars but since I can't.. it gets 4.  There is nothing better than walking past a line of people right up to the front of the line and walking in the club without reaching in my purse!  I love the decor of the place ( females in tubs/ hot broads in dark corners). They really help with my low self-image. Anywho...  the dance floor was INSANE.  I caught a few flying elbows from these little Asian girls dancing next to me. I think they were doing it on purpose.A special shout out to the bachelor party and the HUGE glass of Kettle One they gave me.  That was enough to give me the warm fuzzies and start throwing some'bows as well!
4	Wow, this place is the epitome of Vegas overdone-ness.  The line, the decorations, the crowds, the prices, it all fits in with my expectations of a night on the town in Sin City.  I was with a group of about 6 girls and 1 guy, and we had NO PROBLEM getting in at all.  In fact, we were ushered in quickly through what looked like a side door.  We had passes from some guy on the Strip, but I doubt we would have waited or paid cover anyway.  We took a lap, hung out on the dance floor, grabbed a spot by the bar, and people watched.  Careful where you people watch, because the bouncers are quick to move people along, presumably for crowd control reasons.  The absolute best part of the club is Tao Beach, if you can find the stairs that lead you there.  Careful, here too it pays to be a big group of girls.  I understand Tao Beach is even cooler during the day - a roped off portion of the Venetian's pool area where girls can hang out topless.  But late at night, it turns into a water-free party zone.  It feels much less crowded (read cooler, even in the heat of a Vegas night), and the decorations are tasteful.  We were with people who had a car, and valet parking in the garage was free.  I didn't drink because of a general feeling of dehydration, but I still had a fun night out with (mostly) the girls.
4	Alright, how many times do I have to warn people that you will 100% need a table when you go to any clubs in Vegas!!!!Tao is a prefect example, I went there 2x and it resulted in 2 totally different experience.1st time i was there --- Last Xmas, it was my friend's Bday party. They got us in without waiting inline 'cos my friend knew the bouncer, (great) but they didn't get a table (i know, wtf). Some people in the group doesn't wanna pay, 'cos they "don't drink." So the party sucked, i left early, 'cos it really sucked balls.2nd time I was there --- Spring of this year. I had a free weekend and met up group of friends from college, we had a table (thank god). So no wait & we had a great time. At lease we don't have to be packed like spams.It was only around $200/person and we had 1 of the biggest tables. Get a table guys or don't go~! It's really stupid to NOT spend. You are partying in Vegas, if you wanna save that chip change here and there, i would rather not go.
5	Stayed at the Venetian and went to Tao two nights in a row. Was in Vegas with my mom, dad, and sister, and we all went for a family club night (my family parties a lot). My dad had "pull" so we skipped the possibly 100 person line, but didn't want to bother with a bottle because we were drunk enough already and knew my dad was gonna leave soon and it would just be 3 girls who could get free booze anyway. Lucky for us the VIP section was 90% guys so they were into having 2 sisters and a mom (MILF) in there with them. It was so fun, everyone was so friendly, and needless to say, a few weeks later it was my 23rd birthday, and my mom threw me a TAO-themed birthday party. I haven't been back since, but I'm really excited to try out Tao Beach.
2	Thank goodness for free VIP passes.Tao is overrated and the lines are unusually long. Let me list a few of the reasons why:1) Bad DJ - Who mixes Jay-Z with Tammi Terrell? I don't want to hear "Ain't no Mountain High Enough" or "Twist and Shout" in a nightclub ...2) Poor 3/4 Naked Girls in Dirty Bathwater - I felt sorry for the girls who were acting psuedo sultry in those gigantic bowls of water. I'm not sure how that was sexy ...3) Overcrowded - Unless you go into the other rooms, the main dance floor is jam packed with people. So in addition to having your personal space violated you get to smell everyone else's sweat at the same time. Mmmm delicious.4) Weak crowd - If I had a nickel for EVERY time a guy used the line "Ni Hao Ma" or "Konichiwa" to pick us up ..... gah, forget it.5) Long cab lines - The lines for the Venetian were super long, it was easier to walk down the street to catch a cab.In short, I'd rather pay the big bucks and go to Mix Lounge or the Wynn.I am reminded yet again that I hate clubbing.
2	Am i the only one that thinks Vegas night clubs are totally overrated? Tao was the perfect example of why i prefer avoiding them. First is the politics of getting in. We had some friends who worked their connections to get our group in for free, but we were the lucky ones. The usual $20-25 cover charge and long line make going to this (and any vegas club) daunting. I could drink at the hotel bar with no cover charge and probably have a better time.Second is the crowd. Tao takes up two floors -- first floor is the traditional night club with multiple rooms containing bars and dance floors. We decided to opt out of buying bottle service and because we didn't, we were stuck with fighting through the crowds. Forget dancing... You would need space for that and apparently space is only given to those who can afford bottle service. The second floor is the "Tao Beach" which is basically the roof deck with outdoor lounging areas, pool and bar. It was our preferred location because it was less crowded, but because it was still 100+ degrees in the evening... it wasn't the most ideal place to hang out. Overall, the music was so-so, the crowd was eh, and the place is not one i would vote to visit again.
3	Try and at least have some pull so you don't have to wait  in some long ass line with skanky girls and poser bfs ( hey buddy there is no need to wear sunglasses indoors at 12pm OK?). The restaurant/bar downstairs is usually crowded and  upstairs they have a bar and some dance floors. I was there with my husband on business so luckily his clients footed the bill for bottle service and we hung out  in the VIP area . If you don't have a table you shouldn't even go here b/c its so damn crowded! The drinks are good and the music is OK.I give it the extra 3rd star for ambiance. Pros: Strong Drinks,Nice Ambiance, Ok DJCons: Crowded, skanky girls,not that impressive
2	Highlight of the night  *NO WAIT AND WALK RIGHT IN*I gave one star for no waiting and one star for being spacy. We came on friday night and it's typical Asian invasion. We walked in and the decoration was kinda interesting. Budda everywhere. Budda was never a decoration in chinese culture, so it made one less star. The dance floor was small and people were pushy. toward mid night, it became unbelieveably crowded. The restroom was actually pretty nice.
3	Its too hot and crowded in here. We got in for free though and there are hot girls bathing each other in tubs... but overall, its a sweaty mess of people in here. And the 10000 Buddhas scare me.
2	The good:  Our waiter provided excellent service and the food was very tasty.  The lobster won tons were amazing.The bad:  After having to explain to four different bouncers that we had a reservation for dinner, we finally bypassed the queue.  Then the hostess was extremely rude explaining that there was no way she could seat anyone until the whole party was present, even the one missing party who would be on her way soon but her flight had been delayed.  So we had to agree to sit at a table minus the person who was rushing from the aiport and then instead of seating us, we had to wait at the bar for 30 minutes with one of those vibrating beepers.  I'm not sure why the hostess had such an attitude when our table wasn't ready anyway.  I seriously considered leaving when the bouncer kept flashing his flashlight and saying "you can't stand there" while we were waiting for our table that wasn't ready.  I wish I would have seen the review that you need to get a "line pass" from your waiter.  We didn't do that and even after spending over a hundred dollars each on dinner and wine, we were told by the bouncer at the top of the stairs that we couldn't get in without paying the cover.  And that even though we ate dinner at the restaurant, we would have to wait in the enormous queu in the corridor outside to pay cover.  Perhaps it was a novice move not to ask the waiter to help us get entrance but it was quite annoying at the time.  So if you go for dinner and then the nightclub, I suggest either making sure you ask your waiter for a "line pass" or saving your money to go to Mix where the food, wine (Cakebread chardonney - yummy!) and service were amazing and our waiter offered to escort us into the lounge.
3	tao is lucky that my friends and i were thoroughly drunk and had a good time. i should really give it lesser of a ratingour waitress was awesome and our 'vip' table was nice... but there wasnt too much that was vip about it. the room was small and ridiculously crowded. music was ok and drinks were a-flowing... but other then that.... the layout of the place was stupid and i couldnt help but think that we could have had such a better bachelor party elsewhere. by the by... i didnt know there were so many asian people in vegas? too many in one place scares me... especially since i left my oriental card at home - thought that i might be subjected to some sort of water torture.anyway... alas... we had fun... just wished that certain patrons werent so stuck the f* up.... yeah you know who you are.
3	everyone kept saying i HAD to chekc out tao, so i did. it was definitely a hot spot of vegas, but there were some things that i really didnt like.1)i know if i dont have bottle service i can't sit, but the security was harsh about just leaning ont he wall for just one second for a girl to get breathing/resting for a second space while i was in there. not cool2)i had no less than 6 guys make me feel awful by either trying to goose my front, slapping my butt, or barter a free drink for sex. really REALLY not cool.3)from what my friend who works the vegas circuit says, tao probably had about 4-5 thousand people and it was sooo crowded i felt like most of the time i was trying to wade through mosh pits with better clothes. there were points i had to gently push people and duck and do all other kinds of moves just to get 4 feet over.aside fromt hat, the women's bathroom upstairs overlooking the club floor was pretty cool. the doors are glass that fog up when you lock the door. very chic and awesome.the drinks were made strong. me love a strong drink!the mist/shower they send out toward the end of the night felt oh so good.ummm...that's about it.
2	While the club itself is nice--every time I've come here it's been overwhelmingly crowded to the point where it affected the level of my fun meter. And the enforced minimum 1 to 1 ratio of women to men makes it less fun for us gineys.  Maybe a good place for guys if they're willing to pay the $30 cover and if they can find some hoebags to get in with.  Plenty of hot hired chicks putting on a show for them to stare at (but never ever have a chance with).Definitely overrated.
2	Tao reminds me of how much I love to dance and how much I'm so over clubbing.
2	So overrated as a nightclub - it was packed beyond belief and we had ugly old men hitting on us all night long.  I admit - the atmosphere is cool, the women in the tubs are hot.  The bathrooms with the changing door from clear to frosted was cool, but the lines were outrageous and they let too many people in.  I admit since I was part of a bachelorette party, we got in pretty easy but it seemed like so did everyone else.  Oh, yeah - music wasn't all that either.
2	Move b@%ch GET OUT THE WAY GET OUT THE WAYA girl needs room to dance. My advice to Tao.... a little less women in tubs and more dancing space for those of us who can't afford the velvet rope treatment. And a wait of 1.5 hrs to get in and pay 20 bucks..... Thank God I live in san francisco!
4	Getting into Tao VIP status is pretty easy, and when you don't have to pay to get in it makes it that much better inside when you have an extra $20 something in your purse.  And you still have your pre party buzz cause you didn't have to wait in that ridiculous line!!I went to Tao 2 nights in a row (don't ask) and Saturday was def more packed than  Friday.  My friends and I scored on a booth Saturday with some really fun guys, and did most of our dancing there since the dance floor is PACKED. We attempted to get though the crowd and didn't even have to move, the crowd literally pushed us to the other side. And then...Timbaland's "The Way I Are" came on, foam comes down from the ceiling, the crowd goes wild!! It was insane and kinda scary.  Not too sure about the girls in the tubs its a little weird I think to have people rubbing up on each other in still water...ew.  So long story short, get there early if you are going to have to wait in that line, best bet always is to make friends with someone who can get you in no line no cover...nice club, not extremely "wow-ed" but gotta give 4 stars for the booth hook up!
4	boom chica boom chica bow wow...yea that's Tao alright once you get in there on the weekends.  saturday is especially hard although i was lucky enough to have a connection (neener neener neener..!)having been in a few Vegas club venues, i thought Tao's asian-isque decor was pretty cool.  there are the near-naked gals (i'm not complaining here) who basically tease you with whatever they are doing (doesn't matter what they do, it's a tease), whether they be in a tub or at a dimmed corner fondling eachother.  drool.  sucks being a guy i tell ya.  the music wasn't too bad but i guess it's hit or miss depending on who and what your tastes are.now i wouldn't mind giving this place a 5 star, but there's one thing that bothers me quite a bit, aside from pricy alcohol (guess it's the norm in Vegas), is the fact that it's extremely crowded during the weekends..., to the point you can barely move.  if you have some telepathic powers knowing when nature will call, girls especially, better move it.  GO! GO! GO!  shoving through crowds of guys may not be too bad (might even give some of them pleasure), but the line to the heavenly water closet won't be friendly.  for the guys, if you're lucky, you might even see some cat fights... HISS...!!  MEOW..!!
4	Tao is a pretty amazing club. First of all, it's HUGE! about 40,000 sqft huge. Absolutely only beautiful people in there I havce it only 4 stars because I beleive i had a better experience at Tryst. But it is amazing. check it out
2	No room to dance, better if you get in early because around 12:30pm it gets so crowded it's like cattle trying to make their way through. 1st time I went I felt like cattle, 2nd time I dined at Tao Restaurant (does not get you in for free, but can skip line) and got in early  - it was a totally different experience being able to walk around and check out the large venue. The sheer amount of people there is tiring though. The bottom floor is packed with people yet has only 2 bathroom stalls for the ladies. It took my girlfriend 1 hour to use the restroom (and there were about 15 girls in line) because there are VIP privileges and VIPs can jump the line. I think we could have left and used the restroom outside but we found that out too late. Anyway, this club wears me out because it's just way too crowded.
2	I thought Tao was pretty lame, but my friends seem to love it.We started off having dinner here with a large group of people.  After arriving on time, we waited to be seated about 30 minutes which would have normally pissed me off, but I was feeling sick and had to go outside to get some fresh air so by the time I came back they were ready for us.The food?  SO lackluster.  I was really, really looking forward to some decadent cod, maybe a little fresh Maguro ...but everything was underwhelming.  I'd never eat at the restaurant again.  Also, they didn't have enough chairs to accommodate our group, and a couple of my friends just gave up and went back to the Hard Rock to gamble.  I was shocked they didn't do more to help us out.After finishing dinner, we headed over to the club upstairs.  You would think that after spending $2000 on dinner, they would comp us passes into the club?  Hell naw.  This is Vegas.  We all had to pay to get in, which caused about half our group to venture elsewhere because they knew that what they were about to pay for would be a disappointment.  I had never been, so I convinced a few to stay with me and we payed the cover and went inside.  Now, my opinion of the club is in comparison to all of the other amazing Las Vegas clubs to choose from.  I thought the club was pretty lackluster as well.  It was big and the music was good, but besides that...I just didn't feel a connection with this place like I do Tryst or BodyEnglish.  It was a bit gimmicky, and their lack of customer service at the door and in the restaurant really turned me off.  I know I'm no high roller, but have we eliminated all customer service for regular patrons?!  I also remember that my friend got sick and they wouldn't let me in the fucking bathroom to help her, so she had to drunkenly fend for herself.  I guess thats her own fault, but still.  I know they're trying to prevent drug use, but the girl was vomiting on the floor for crying out loud.  I'm getting all riled up just thinking about it.Skip Tao for dinner, and check out the club just to widen your knowledge.  It'll make you appreciate other clubs in Vegas even more.
2	HOLY MOLY!  Cougars and big women unite!  I failed to see any of the beautiful people in the Vegas club scene.  The line was ridiculously long, lucky for us we had a high roller hook up.  Geez, I would have been so mad to have waited in that long ass line just to get into this sucky club.  NO THANKS!  I know it's Vegas and it's hot, but if you have multiple folds of fat on your arms, thighs, or tummy, maybe you shouldn't be wearing that supertight dress that's letting it ALL hang out.  It made me become paranoid about my caloric intake and exercise regimen.  I felt like I was in a Las Vegas Twilight Zone.  No sexy people to be seen.  Also, I was not happy with the bazillion steps to go in and get out in the tiny ass hallway!  Imagine if there was a fire, people would have been trapped.  Two of my friends were attacked by cougars caught right in the neck and paralyzed.  BUT they did get us some drinks out of it too.  Lucky me, not so lucky guys.  The music was cool, the decor was nice.  I had to give them credit for that much.It was worth my 25 dollars to see the guys uncomfortable while being chased by oldies with cleavage and chasing around the BIG girls.
2	-came for a batchelorette, had VIP so didn't have to wait in line-came a little early but there was a line already, like what?-while outside, some fool dressed wanna be pimp but as my x calls it "broke ass motherfucker"starts talking to us and walks us to where the bouncers were hoping we'd say he and his troops of "broke ass motherfuckers" were "with us"-broke ass motherfucker: "we're with them" bouncer asks: "how many?" we all said: "6" and broke ass motherfucker was like: "awww come on now!" as we walk in....bbwwahahaha-like i mentioned we got here early so we got to dancing a bit after scoping out the place-it's cool, liked the decor, the set-up-bathroom is "now you see me clear glass, switch the knob to lock the door now you don't". good thing i've seen this on CSI so i wasn't like what's going on? is there a vouyer's convention the whole night everynight here?-fucked up is every seat is one of those you'd have to pop open a bottle for....like come on now. we had our own plastic bottles of patron silver in our purses!-the drinks at the bar were a grip, we had a few -was getting kinda crowded so decided to go to Tao beach upstairs-OMG, saw the hottest hawaiin dressed chic, she looked like she could be mixed filipino (represent!) and white at the stairwell greeting people. i had to tell her she was so pretty, and my friend said she complimented her also. i do have my lesbian tendencies but i usually go for the butch types hahahhaha (tried it, but that's a different review)-the beach area was basically the top of the hotel, where the pool is, but still those bottle only seats. also was set up really nice-found a place to sit for a few  long minutes until they told us it's for handicap....like what the fuck?-being a batchelorette party, we had our scavenger hunt so we were able to find someone to recite poetry ,sing to her and someone that had a condom (somehow we thought was the easiest but we were proven wrong, does everyone go bareback these days? STDs for free?) here at the beach-it was fucken hot up there, temperature wise...only saw about 3 cute guys bbbbooooooo!-kinda had a hard time finding how to get out once we were down the restaurant=NOT EVERYONE IS WILLING TO BE SLUTS TO GET TO SIT IN THE BOTTLES ONLY
4	Ok I took one star away cause it was ridiculously crowded, but then again i guess that's really good for most. anyway this place is hugeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!! upstairs downstairs middle room here room there. I think this might be one of the hardest to get into, maybe not so much for girls. anyway so we got in cause we knew someone, upstairs is beautiful, we didn't pay for drinks but i think it costs like 12 or more per drink, Britney and diddy and other were right next to us, but then again it was the vma's, but anyway , if u can get in its funnnnnnnnnnnn. I went with amel, 2nd girl below me!
4	We were there during the MTV music award weekend. The main dance floor was crowded like usual but you can always find places to dance around the bar area or the VIP area. Jamie fox, eve, and pharrell were there that night, which made it even more crowded. We have no problem getting in with all 3 girls. We actually took a guy in with us since he was by himself and was having trouble getting in.
4	Tao was nicely decorated, their human decoration adds to the atmosphere and the fact that we got to pass up the 4 hour line and get in free didn't hurt either. Music: great, but not the best.Atmosphere: very "vegas," but with an oriental flare.Crowd: i guess it depends, but everyone there is there for a reason, that's for sure.Price: I'm not sure. I assume $20? VIP service was excellent (ran into people who had a table), so can't tell you the cost of that either... Overall, excellent for their effort to say the least.
2	oh GAWD, just a bad experience. We had dinner at Tao so we can bypass the line getting in - not bad....but dinner, well, we waited an hour before getting seated even though we had reservations. What's the point of making a reservation? I could have taken a nap (not much sleep in Vegas you know). The place is just too big. I felt like I was getting herded like cattle through there. The crowd - well, GHETTO! Music - well, I'm a house head so I'm biased - hip hop all around. You have to walk, down down down stairs to get to the room with the house music. Did I mention the crowd? GHETTO - oh sorry, all ready mentioned that. There has to be better crowd control.
4	We had a great time at Tao - BUT we were part of a private party. Nothing beats free drinks, free food, and a  limited set of people allowed in the building.   Food: Excellent -- it's always questionable whether a venue can handle a large crowd of people ready to eat, but they did an awesome job with the food. The appetizers, especially the sliders were yummy. When the main course was available (buffet style) - the sea bass was made extremely well, it was not overcooked, which is always a risk when making sea bass for hundreds if people.Drinks: Great for us - since it was unlimited and no cost.Ambiance: Personally, I am a little tired of the Asian motif, it seems to be the decor of the year..  But, it was well-done.Service: GREAT!  Servers were always at hand to offer appetizers and drinks.I give it a 4 star - since I have no idea what it costs, and I really didn't spend a whole lot of time at the dance floor.
4	i celebrated my 21st birthday here this weekend. It was fabulous! Drinks were made well. DJ was good and consistent! Meet the promoters on the street and they give you VIP tickets for ladies only, but try to ask if you could get your name on the guest list! As for the line..I had absolutely NO problem getting in. got there at 11:00 PM and got in within 5 minutes!One of the bouncers was kind of a jerk, i asked him if i could get my friends in and they said "i don't know, should we  let you back in?" (Yeah i was drunk, but i wasn't falling to the ground or puking, stupid!) go to the top where the Tao beach is held. nice breeze for you to get drunk and dance the night away MINUS the sweating and overly crowded areasIf its your b-day make it apparent!! wear a crown, sache, whatever! you'll get lots of freebies!! hahaOverall good experience.
4	I *never* go to clubs. My weekends in San Francisco  consist of dive bars, hip hop shows, independent movies and video games. I haven't been anywhere with a cover change in over a year.But Tao was dopeAfter going to the wedding of a dude that I barely know, his boss paid for a table and 5 bottles. Standing in line, paying a cover, and not having this dude spend $2500 for all our drinks would have put a damper on my experience, but still... great club. I'd spend a couple hundred bucks to go there once before I'd spend 50 bucks at 4 different places. The girls in the bathtub were lovely.My minor beef is that the music was terrible. This is true of every club in Vegas, and I didn't even care at the time. But they must have played In Da Club 15 times. Plus some ridiculous shit like remixes of Sweet Home Alabama. Get a real DJ. Whatever, not a huge deal.
3	It was a good first experience.  We got in with no cover AND vip passes.  I can't complain about that.  It was pretty inside and I adored the upper level.  Much bigger than I thought, too!  It didn't bug me, but lots of drunks tripping all over themselves in the dark.
4	I'm big on going to the clubs and just getting my groove on.  The best kinds of clubs are the ones where you can go in, order your drink, and get your groove on.  With any clubs in Vegas, unless you've ordered a V.I.P table, have a lot of cash, or you know someone that works in the club who can just get you in, then it's really not that fun.As I approached the club, inside the Venetian Hotel and Casino, all I could see was swarm of people lined up and dressed up ready to paint the club red.  The line almost looked like it would take a good hour and a half to two hours before you reach the front door to be let in.  I can't believe I waited in that line just so I can see what all the buzz was about.Finally, my foot reached the floor of Tao.  Luckily, i didn't have to pay since I'm local.  But, for those who had to pay, it cost about $40 just to get in.  As I entered, the darkness set in with a candle lights and water falls to decorate the hallway.  I walked past the restaurant/bar where there were lounges and seats for people to relax in.  After walking a little bit more, there were a set of stairs I had to climb in order to get to the club itself.  Before I could enter the club, I had to present my stamp that I paid.As I entered there were two choices left or right.  Choosing right, I ended up at the bar where the statues of Buddha and candles to decorate the bar area.  Next door was another room where people just wanted to sit and relax, laugh and talk.  I call this the chill room.  If I chose the left side, I would have ended up where the huge dance floor is at and a place where you can go outside and smoke.It's a huge club and I like the atmosphere.  Only thing is the dance floor is so crowded that it's hard to dance in.  But, that is how it is at good clubs.  The DJ was good and spun good hip-hop music.  He knew what songs to choose so we could vibe to it.  Another good thing is that I was able to order my drinks very easily and didn't have to wait so long for service.  The price of the drink was an average of $14.00 per drink.  So be prepared to fork out a lot of money for a night out to Tao.
1	Had VIP passes but the club and VIP suckedAll 40+ business men and women.... Staff were all rude! From the door outside to the bartender inside...when trying to get to the restroom one of the prick bouncers kept coming up, shinning the flashlight at our faces and telling us to "keep moving"....well Mr. Prick there is a line for the restroom, what do you want me to do??? I was tempted to say something smart ass back but I didn't wanna give Mr. Prick any reason to touch me or hassle my friends more. just not what I was expecting... not worth the hype
3	When u go to vegas u have to go with the understanding that everyone's gonna be a douchebag, and there were plenty here. I hated the whole 'too cool for school vibe', but this place had tons of hot chicks which was nice. It was crowded as hell, tough to move around on the dance floor, etc. We put our names on the guestlist and they were good about getting us in pretty quick, so that was cool. Overall I say 'mehhh'.
3	The hardest part is getting in unless you have a hookup or some tricks.  VIP passes?  HA, what a load of shit, just like the millions of others that are handed out on the strip.  They do absolutely nothing but put you in a different line to twiddle your thumbs and wait wait wait.  The best thing you can say about them is that they make you wait about five minutes less than the poor schmucks coming off the street w/ absolutely nothing.The best way into the club?  Simple, find a group of chicks (preferably hot), that outnumber the amount of guys 5:1, and say you're all together, and they'll let you in.  If you're a couple or 1/2 a guy over the amount of girls in a party, you're going to continue to have a nice  view of the escalators and stores while the girls go in.  Understandably so, as this is the general rule of all Vegas clubs.  More girls, more fun.the club itself is really pretty, and has probably the hottest bartender I've seen in Vegas in the bar downstairs before you take the stairs up to the club itself.  the Asian decor is nice and the layout somewhat organized.  Ever since they opened up the outdoor section on the rooftop, they've allowed more people in, creating more chaos.  It can get so packed that you really aren't dancing, as opposed to just  being crammed up against someone else's booty.  The music on the main floor is OK, they seem to pump it loud and add more bass just to make it sound better, however it's not really all that great.  The hip hop room on the side is much better, although it's very boxy with booths and tables in the way.  The general dancing feel of the place seems to be like dancing in aisles as opposed to a dance floor.However this is a club experience in a restaurant, what can you really expect?  It's pretty happening and you do get quite a crowd here that's always jumping around.  Drinks are astronomically priced, but that's nothing new too.  If you're a girl, you got it easy, have the guys buy.  Fellas....find a sugar mama or prepare to go into debt (unless you're a sugar daddy).
4	I love the decor of Tao and it is definitely still one of the hottest clubs in Vegas.  I usually always end up at Tao for some period of time on every Vegas trip.  It can get hot and crowded on the dance floor but the club overall is pretty big.  I've also eaten here before and I wouldn't recommend the food...mediocre and overpriced.  But if you can't get in otherwise then it might be a good idea to have dinner here and stick around for the club afterwards.
5	I set up a table reservation for a group of 8 (which became 9 last minute) at Tao for 11/3 Saturday night. Our group consisted of 6 guys, 3 girls, and i'm pretty sure we could've added another 2-4 girls without or bottle minimum going up. We ordered 3 bottles so we could get a table on the inside instead of Tao Beach (which is still nice).  And I really liked our table location being in the side room rather than the main room, because it made it much easier for us to get to/leave our table when we wanted to use the bathroom or explore the club, we still had plenty of room to dance,  and the music in our room was an excellent music of rap, hip hop, white rock music, I think the only time we didn't like it was the short 20 mins of techno or so..which stopped as soon as we made a complaint about it.    Bottle service is definitely the way to go.   From the moment we stepped up to the club to check-in we were treated like rock stars.  It was by far our best clubbing experience ever, and well worth the money.    Service: Our waitress didn't check on us too much as she mainly just came by refill our glasses, and clean up the table when necessary. BTW if it matters, our waitress (for the guys) was hot! (pictures will be up soon).  Our table assistant Jeff was by far one of the coolest people I've met and he was constantly checking on us to make sure that we were having a good time, bringing us random sh*t if/when we needed it, and helped keep spirits high at all times. Our bouncer Ron was awesome as well, he was also constantly checking on us..and if necessary would walk our girls to the bathroom to skip the bathroom line (which I know for girls can be nuts).  Lastly our VIP host Larson did an excellent job keeping us updated on anything, and answering any/all questions (which were plenty) that we had.  Although I found it quite weird a different host walked to us our table named Paul...but he was cool as well.  Environment:  The decor in Tao is quite nice, it definitely got crowded in the mainroom as the night went on, but as you read above, we didn't visit the mainroom too often..so that wasn't a factor for us. Most of us stuck right around our table with enough room to dance, a closer bathroom to access, the music in our room never even made us debate leaving other than to check out the other parts of the club.  I like the gigantic BUddhas, the theme of the night club was cool, and of course the half naked girls dancing, standing in hallways, massaging each other, and sitting in a bathtub was quite cool to take pictures of.  BTW there are BOUNCERS everywhere in this club, if some dumbass tries to start something...I would recommend setting your ego aside and letting it go..because i'm pretty sure you'd get your ass kicked 10 times and thrown out before you even knew what happened.      I can't compare bottle service from Tao to other Vegas clubs (yet), but I will say we don't regret anything. The bottle prices were pretty standard from what research I did..$425 for Kettel ONe and Cap'n Mo, $450 for Grey Goose (so you might as well stick with Grey goose). If you can afford it, bottle service from start-finish is the best way to go. I'll admit I was at first a little worried after reading all the other reviews on Tao before setting up my Table reservation (regarding long lines in the club/bathroom and being super crowded), but we didn't have any of those problems. We all had an amazing night (We were there from 10pm - 3 am..add another hour considering it was fall back daylight savings time), and I can't give this place any less than five stars.~G
3	Definitely not the place for me. I'm not too big on overly crowded places. If you like going to a club in which when you go to the dance floor, everybody bumps into (some purposely) you when dancing, and a bunch of guys taking up the dance floor room dancing by themselves, this is perfect for you. As for me, I'm not one of those guys. It's totally overcrowded, and you're not allowed to stand anywhere. (Now this is for the top floor). The only place you can really hang out is the back room, which I didn't know about. The music was good, I'll give it that. And the decor was really nice. But I couldn't stand the place, literally. There was no where to stand, no where to walk, and no where to dance. I got there at 11:00pm, and was clock watching by  midnight. The security guards there are on a total and complete power trip and are complete assholes. Big time. At least the ones who are at the front door. I've never really had any bad experiences with security guards inside a club, anywhere. I think Tao is better suited if you get a table. I'm sure it's an awesome place then, but I would not ever go back to Tao...unless I got a table. 3 stars instead of 2 because I haven't had the table experience at Tao yet, so I can't fully rate it.
4	this club is gigantic!!  the inside is really pretty and nicely decorated.  there are many rooms with many tables.  we had a table upstairs which overlooked the dancefloor.  the cage and stage dancers were entertaining, as were the women in underwear rubbing up on each other in the bathtubs on the dancefloor.  haha!  having a table is the way to go here, since the dancefloor gets very crowded.
4	Guys, come with girls, if not, find some in line. The worst part of this club is trying to get in (For the guys at least). But the times we had a group of girls with us or a host, we've gotten in with flying colors. SO BE PREPARED!! They won't let you in even if you're in the front of the line if you're just a bunch of fellas, so don't even try!!With that said, this place is phenomenal once you get inside the doors and take the staircase to the actual club. There's a main dance floor that's huge but is still jam packed, so my friends and I usually travel the other dance floor in a seperate room with it's own bar and tables, that's where we end up clubbing for the most part.  The lower floor is also kinda neat in it's own way, has go go dancers and seats spread throughout.The decor and the ambiance definitely make this club one of the hottest spots in Vegas.  The crowd is usually attractive and there's a great ratio of guys to girls.  Highly recommend this club to anyone who is willing to put forth the effort to get into it.
5	I would like to personally thank Jason Strauss and Noah Tepperberg for bringing New York's Tao to Las Vegas. Since Vegas always does it up big, our Buddha is 4 feet taller then New York's, NICE. Tao is more then just a club, it's a sensory overload. You don't need to bother going to multiple places in one night. Tao provides a whole experience. First you can have dinner at the restaurant, then hang out in the lounge, finally dance your butt off upstairs at the two story club, complete with a number of VIP seating and eight private Skyboxes. And if that isn't enough, Tao is THE place to see and be seen. The VIP areas are often filled with Hollywood's Elite. Oh yeah, don't forget about the rose petal covered girls in bathtubs.
4	By the time we got to TAO, it's already midnight. We were a bit worried because the lines (pay line, glist & vip) were pretty long. So we asked one of the security guys were the glist line is and we were escorted to the vip line, so we didn't say anything. About 5 mins. later we were escorted by one of the security guys to the front, amazing. I thought I was always a VIP in the bay area, didn't expect this kind of treatment. We didn't stay at all in the line and of course people were hating us but all well. ^_^Once we walked in, we excited to see hot Asian girls in the tub, we only saw one and she looks cold. We ended up exploring the place, it was pretty awesome. I'm just a tad disappointed because I felt we were back in the bay area scenes, it's was full of Asians. Oh well, the place was packed & Tao played great sets of danceable tunes. Tao is so dark, you cant even see what's in front of you. I'm just glad the staff were very nice, they guide us with their flashlight. And of course, wimpy guys took advantage of the situation, I felt hands grabbing my thigh as we walked past by. I actually felt sorry for those guys.Anyways, we ditched the main room and ended up in another room. My friend was then asked by security if we wanted a drinks and of course, we followed him. We thought he was taking us to a bar but ended being set-up like in a Korean club.  He brought us to a table full of guys. After a few minutes, we left, were not that desperate. Ended up meeting new friends and enjoyed TAO, we didn't purchased any drinks because our friends have bottle service. Don't forget to go to the second floor bathroom. It was cool, it's see through looking over the crowd but once you closed it, it's frosted. We called it a night by 1:30 AM. All of us can't stand the smoke & can't breathe. It was pretty amazing for our first night.
3	It is a GORGEOUS club... hard as hell to get in...but we did it...10 gals and 10 guys... getting the guys in is the hard part...but if you're smart... you can get them in :)...Why only 3 stars then?  Because it is TOO damn crowded... trying to get a drink is trying to watch barley grow...it takes forever and by the time you get up to the bar, you're kinda not wanting to drink because you're butt brushing up against everything and anything known to mankind...What we did?  Drank at the casino bar ahead of time... a little pre-preparation.... good times...so by the time we go in, we were toasty and could enjoy the music..The main dance floor area sucks because the bouncers are assholes and move the red velvet rope, closer and closer in, until some wench with 6 inch stiletto heels who is dancing, crushes them into your poor feet leaving them bruised and pained for hours on end... There are other rooms to venture into...but honestly... if you have a group of 18-20 peeps.. each of you should drop 200 bucks..and get table service... .life is simpler that way...and remember it's VEGAS... put 200 on black...and you can MAKE IT UP!
4	The Tao-tini ........ Absolute Mandarin, Stolichnaya Rapsberry, Malibu, Cranberrry and lime juice..... Yes !!Mixed by one of the most outtanding looking bartenders in Vegas. EVEN BETTER !!O.K., I am 30 years older than 85% of  the patrons of the club, and yes we still had a good time at Tao hanging in the loungeGreat music, but the sax guy playing like a  "wandering minstrel" in the lounge area can get annoying after the first half hour or so. I see why the ladies review the club low and the guys give this place an outstanding rating. The ladies are dressed to the max, look great and the guys look like they just got off work. Come on guys it's Vegas - you can look better than that.
4	Eat there they give you a priority stamp so you dont have to wait in the tao line, which is hella long, girls are free guys were $30.girls taking baths inside, girls dancing on the stages, a guy playing live sax, and some guys dressed up as bears, music was pretty good, they closed the small rooms early and kep the main room going to 4am ish.not bad overall better than pure.
3	Couldn't move, couldn't breathe, but holy crap it is super nice inside from the buddhas to the naked women with flower petal nipple pasties all the men were gawking at.  I wish we came a little earlier so we didn't have to spend 30 minutes just trying to maneuver on to the dance floor.  Once we managed to find some space, the crowd was so tightly packed, I got lifted off the floor.  Hello, big boobed woman, I do not need your tits up my nose.  And then there's the crazy Asian man dancing alone with his eyes closed who is totally getting into the music but is knocking into every being in a 5 mile radius.. but no one can move away cuz there is no space to move to.  The bodyguards are also crazily on top of their shit.  I took off my heels which I had been wearing for 8 hours straight already when we were outside on the balcony and 3 seconds later, someone taps me on the shoulder to tell me to put my shoes back on so I had to suffer for another hour.  It took my feet about a week to recover from that weekend.
4	Wow.  The interior is amazing.  I have to say it's one of the more impressive clubs I've been to.  To one who is of Hindu / Buddhist faith, one can be torn when they see clubs putting deities into a setting where it's all about drinking, dancing, and hooking up.  Almost everything is against these wonderful philosophies that one would believe in. It's a strong sense of disrespect on their faith, but amazing to see the dedication and artwork. Don't get me wrong -  I appreciate the decor and recognition, I just don't know how someone else would feel about it.   It's like putting up Christian symbols in a club, you just don't do it (or I haven't seen it).Anyways on with the review, I love the architecture and ambiance of this place.  It just screams being in an exotic land. The bottom floor is huge and laid nicely.  Upstairs... a different story.It's great for being VIP...or lack thereof, but it gets insanely busy and packed. DJs are amazing and the live band is amazing.  When I went before Thanksgiving, (Tortured Soul was playing - AMAZING HOUSE / electronic band, see them Live!) I had an enjoyable experience, but good luck getting a drink when it's slammed up there. Bottle Service is highly recommended. Overall an incredible experience both visually and musically.  Hard to move and to get drinks, but aren't all popular places like this?
4	A popular hotspot, located inside the Venetian, in Vegas. You will see a mixed crowd, majority of Asians at this popular place..This place is really crowded. If you try to buy a drink  from the bar, it takes forever. Also the drinks were pretty darn expensive!This is a dark place, pan-Asian style club..The music is pretty good. Our party was able to get in for free due to a friend's friend working there.
5	AGH....who can forget there first Vegas nightclub experience? Thanks to some good friends who were having a party here...I never will!My friend and I had no idea what to expect and were told through garbled phone conversations to just walk to the front of the line and tell the doorman we were with his party. Boy were we surprised when they opened the ropes and led us upstairs to a cabana on the top floor. On our way I only got a brief look at the downstairs part and I wasn't really that impressed. The music was just so so and it was CRAMPED!!Upstairs was a whole other story! The cabana/table that we were seated at was just big enough for our group (about 15 people!) and there was still room to dance in there. We tried making our way to the actual dance floor but turned around when we could barely shake our asses out there. The music was the best dance music out there! I couldn't sit still the whole time! There's also tons of eye candy for any guys that you may be with, including go-go dancers WAY up on a stage and naked girls in tubs covered with rose petals.If you are planning a trip to Tao (which I think you should!) try and get a table and be sure to get on the guestlist! The line that we did see when we went in was wrapped all around!
3	If you're a decent looking girl in a big group (hit me up!) this is your place to be.  If you're a guy with a bunch of other guys, forget about it.  Go to another place on Yelp and don't even bother reading the reviews.Being in a group of 5 other guys, your chances are slim to none of getting in.  As other people suggested, you could eat here but I lucked out and had friend that knew one of the bouncers and we were on the guest list.  Even that doesn't help you out that much because there's the enforced girl to guy ratio.  The only way to get in with less trouble is have a 10:1 ratio of girls to guys.  Don't even think about bringing your sausage party over here unless you're willing to pay for a table and bottle service.  I guess it ensures that there's more girls so in theory it's a good trade off but good lord it's harder in practice.Finding a group of girls should be easy right?  Not so much.  The best thing to do is wait downstairs and ask as they come in so the bouncers don't scare them off which happened to us or have a promoter stealing them from you as he tries to impress them by doing the Soulja Boy dance and "superman that ho!"Eye candy in the club is very abundant with girls with flower pasties on their boobs in bath tubs, go-go dancers, and for some reason, girls in lingerie being "playful" with each other in beds, not that I'm complaining.Logistics: Security and bouncers rule with an iron fist over here and it's noticeable as soon as you take the escalator up.  This place was way over crowded and that's not an understatement.  Even as a guy, I felt violated just getting through the dance floor downstairs.  The crowd mix was decent with a bit of favoritism towards my fellow Asians.  Drinks were decent but all anyone cares about is getting drunk.  Music was current.  It's dark. Oh, and don't forget that there's another level.  Overall, it's not a bad place if you have a big group of girls to go with (emphasis on the girls part) and want a big, exclusive place to go to on the weekend.  Personally I'd rather have a place where I can party and dance without dealing with all the rules just because I have a Y chromosome.
4	What Happens in Vegas Stays in Vegas! (TM)***Insert sound of crickets
5	Sensory Overload. You have your crowd of hundreds waiting outside to get in. Once you do get in, you have your girls in tubs, girls lying on top of each other, go go dancers shakin their stuff up on the balcony, bathrooms with clear glass doors that tint when you lock then, and DJs that spin freakin awesome beats. This last visit, my friends and I had a table in the Opium room which made for a much better experience than previous visits. We had space to dance, couches to sit down on and rest our feet, and drinks when we needed them instead of fighting the crowds at the bar. The main room dancefloor is pretty much a zoo past 12 so if you don't want to be heavily groped or find stiletto bruises on your feet the next day, stay away! This is still one of my favorite clubs to come to and I can't wait to come back!
5	I won't rehash what's already been said--bathtubs, bootyful girls on ledges, foggy bathrooms, etc.  Tao is actually one of the nicest, Vegas-worthy wow clubs on the Strip, in my opinion.I'll just say this: I saw a 50 year old, gray-haired, respectable looking couple making out on the balcony at full blast to second base.Also, a caucasian man asked me, when I looked at him confusedly..."You don't speak English, right?"  And finally, for the first time in my entire clubbing existence, we called security on a guy for harassing us to take pictures with him.  A drunker crowd and/or dumber pile of douches I have yet to see elsewhere.  It made for fun, yet exasperating times!
5	Just like any other upscale Vegas clubs, it is a whole lot easier being a girl and having no guy in your group.  Went there twice.  First time I came here (at the recommendation of a cab driver), there were three guys and one other girl in my group.  We were told to line up with everyone else and it took us more than an hour to get in.  Next time I was in here, I was with two other ladies and we walked right in 5 minutes after talking to the bouncer.  Nonetheless, the experience was worth the wait (if I had to).  The bouncers, although strict with the guy:girl ratio, were never less than courteous.  Once you walk in, there was a row of water-filled tubs with girls in it.  The interior is Buddhist / Asian inspired and the dark wood must've made it less tacky.  The restroom is amazing - the see-through glass door immediately turns opaque as soon as you lock the door.  Guys - pay for a table service, stay at the Venetian, or get a hookup!
5	my favorite club to go when im in sin city. i love everything about this place....the decor, music, lighting. EVERYTHING. this is the one spot that i have to hit up on every of my vegas adventure. just make sure you get a table ahead of time and youll be good. everyone there has treated us like vips on all of our visits. bouncer, staff and esp securities.
4	if you think red walls make everyone look sexy, watch yo damn self in here.  i actually got serenaded in spanish.  style-wise, it's a little asian exotique, with buddhas as decor.  the loungy tables surrounded by long couches are cozy.  uh...the music was a bit of hit and miss for me but perhaps i am spoiled here in the yay area.  but when you go off to powder your nose, you'll need to know - are you yin or yang?
3	Welcome to Disneyland!  Tao is a night club that celebrates all the exotic stereotypes of Oriental culture that we've all learned to celebrate.  Everything from the multitude of Buddha statues to the exotic dancers groping each other wearing nothing but flower petals makes TAO an ideal destination for the culturally challenged.Those things aside, TAO is really your average club.  Really.  I guess it's pretty, but I'm realizing that the older I get, the more I feel that clubs are basically the same wherever you go.  You pay a lot of money for drinks and you make the best of what the night has to offer.  The crowd on the inside doesn't make the night any more enjoyable, though it is a small world after all.
3	I've always wanted to check out Tao, but I think the more I come to vegas, the more I realize that every  nightclub will be an average experience unless you get a table.  I would really give this place 2.5 stars but it was so pretty inside, I gave it 3.  If you dine at the restaurant, they will give you ahead of the line stamps so you don't have to wait in the ridiculous line.  Why it lost stars:The dance floor is really small and super crowded.  I wonder if they even keep track of how many people come into the club because it seemed like they packed in people 3 times the maximum capacity.  Also, the music is way too loud... it was almost like we were at a concert.  I was also turned off by the DJ.  I understand that they have to play a variety of music for the general crowd, but alternating 3 hip hop songs and then followed by 3 rock songs and then back to hip hop just breaks the rhythm up.  If they had two separate rooms playing different kinds of music, I would appreciate it more.  All in all, I'm glad I came to this club. It was definitely something to experience and their decor and plush seats make up or the small dancefloor and extremely loud music.
3	I have mixed feelings about Tao.  Maybe it's because I spent a whopping 6 hours there and it was good at times and not so good at other times.The music was decent for the night.  It was all hip hop but unknown random hip hop songs that you can dance to, but it's not as fun when you don't know what the song is.Drinks: G&T and kamikazes go for $10, long islands for $12 to give you an idea of the price range.  I suppose it's not really that much different from other places.Floorplan: Relatively small dance floor and lots of VIP areas.  Thank god "normal" people who can't spend hundreds of dollars a night have access to the large square bar and another bar off to the side past the outdoor balcony.That balcony was one of the best parts of the night.  I got to get some fresh air, talk with friends, and even met some nice people while I was there.cover was $10 for the night but then again, we got there at 10pm to avoid the long wait.  Didn't leave until 4am though, so I definitely had some fun.The most humorous part of the evening: two of the go-go dancers changed out of their outfits, put some flower petals to cover their breasts and were sitting and dancing in a bathtub together.  The huge crowd of AZN kids literally ran over there gawking, as if you would never see such a thing in Vegas.  wow....how old are we again? it's vegas, and you're at Tao.  don't be so surprised to see such scantily clad women.
4	i'm not really much of a club type guy, but i was here for new year's this year. i must say...they DO know how to throw a party. aside from the poorly managed line getting in...the club and evening were INCREDIBLE. the place is enormous. i'm pretty sure i didn't see all of it, but then i had other priorities and they all involved the bar. bartender service? i don't think i've ever had more prompt service in a bar that crowded. the service was so prompt i think i got a little bit ahead of myself on the drinks:) all you had to do was make eye contact w/ a bartender and they were right there. the dj was even able to keep me entertained...in any event...next time i'm in vegas if i feel like i need to get my club on...this place will definitely make the list.
3	The Tao Nightclub has been such a hit and miss for me. The first few times I've been here (when it first opened) it was exciting to see the posh Asian decor and half nude women "bathing" in the tubs and all the people.... But now, this place feels tired. The wait is outrageous if you don't get on the guestlist or tables. It's so crowded you get jostled around! Hello, that's not fun. There's not much room to dance and difficult to get to the bar to order drinks! Sure, we manage to have fun but usually we escape to the V-Bar downstairs to have some real fun.
2	Truly gorgeous space, but I couldn't help noting the hypocrisy of Vegas-ian excess amid such an austere, Tibetan aesthetic. And I was offended for Asian women everywhere by the "Always a happy ending" posters on every cab and billboard in town with a picture of an Asian girl's bum--reducing all Asian females to no more than massage parlor prostitutes. But this is Vegas, baby, and sexism, hypocrisy, and excess are part of the deal, so with VIP passes in hand, we decided to check it out. Turns out the passes only work for women. Guys seriously pay to play in this town--$30 for the green-eyed boy later, we were in. I should note that we have been desperately searching for good house music options while we were here. We did hours of research, wondering why every club website lauded its "Mr. Top 40s DJ!" like that's a good thing... ? So, just as everywhere else we'd been in Vegas so far, we were wildly disappointed by the music. Not a single house beat in the Lounge or the main dance floor or the Beach area. The visuals were interesting certainly--two girls fake making out in a dungeon setting at the top of the stairs,  the rose petal-boobied mermaids in the tubs everywhere--but the crowd and music were 100% generic. If you are looking for house music, perhaps try Wednesday night and skip the weekends, but I heard from several locals that this club is on its way out. Maybe Tao-goers are finding enlightenment at the bottom of their lychee martinis: "Dude, I don't know how I feel about my Asian heritage being reduced to the lowest common denominator and sold at top dollar to the masses; what do you say we burn these striped shirts and go somewhere actually cool?" "Yeah, no doubt. Wanna go to Playboy Bar?"
3	Soopa fun!PROS:- Loud! My ears are still ringing but the music was good - solid mixes.- Nice view of the Blvd. from the outdoor patio and that is a nice place to cool down between sets.- Staff was accommodating and friendly.- Wonderful decor.- The flower tub girls....CONS:- Crowded dance floor! Too much so as it was difficult to actually dance. And 2 girls decided to utilize me despite attempts to wiggle away...they just used another part of me to rub against...I felt used.- Entry lines were very confusing.
4	TAO was the only club that I actually had fun and enjoyed being in during my recent New Years trip to Vegas. Yeah, the line SUCKS.... but luckily, my girlfriends and I didn't have to wait in it.. Meet some promoters, and they'll get you in right away. We were in the club in under 10 minutes.  The decor of TAO is gorgeous.. Coat check was actually very efficient... The naked girls in the bathub are gorgeous. I just wonder if they get pruney after being in water that long. The gogo's in the cage and bed setting are also gorgeous. Only complaints was that there were way too many people that were in the club.. My friends and I just ended up dancing a long a mirrored wall near the bar.  As for the bar, drinks aren't too pricey, and were actually pretty good. And compared to the rest of the clubs I went to during my trip, TAO was the only club that knew what type of music will get a crowd excited and want to dance.. Music was very good here, and the music was at a very good volume.One more thing: the girl's bathrooms here are AWESOME! You'll just have to see if for yourself. But basically, when the bathroom is unlocked, the doors are simply glass - completely see through and what not. Once you lock the doors, somehow the glass door becomes opaque. Not sure if it's a lighting schematic or what. Then inside each stall, there is an individual toilet, sink, vanity mirrors, and vanity amenities.. cool!So to sum it up, I would go back to TAO on my next trip to Vegas. Also, the crowd here is generally more gorgeous too.
1	Maybe I just wasn't feeling it that Saturday night. I had such a crappy experience. First of all, my friends and I ended up meeting some other people I didn't know cuz we had more girls in the group and those people had too many dudes. Those dudes got so much crap from the bouncers. One guy had his shoes totally picked on - he was in dress shoes, just not the right kind? I wasn't there, but anyways, he goes to a store next door and buys $200 dress shoes for the evening haha. We waited in line forever until the dudes were like screw this and gave a bouncer some grease for the wheels. We still had to pay $20 each. The club was so packed that they shuttled everybody too the rooftop. At the rooftop, there was no place to sit and it was like 70% women. Great for the guys, boring for the girls. My girlfriend and I were sooooo bored (and tired from partying hard the night before at Pure) that we left after being in Tao for less than an hour. What a waste of $20 + cab fare haha. Great decor, but I like Tryst's decor more.
5	This place rocks!  I went w/ 2 girls on a Saturday night.  Although we had to wait in line for 30 min, the bouncer was surprisingly pleasant.  As is typical w/ most of the popular clubs in Vegas, make sure to get there by 10pm at the latest, dress well (no gym shoes etc), and have an ample amount of girls with you.  While entering, they have ungodly beautiful women in tubs w/ rose petals floating all over the place.  The decor is simply fantastic, w/ asian inspired accents everywhere and a huge Buddha statue in the dining room area.  It's a very zen like place to be for sure.  The first floor of the club is more like a lounge, w/ a bar and lots of seating for bottle service.  I really liked the vibe of this area and it's particularly nice if you want to get away from the dance floor for a while.  The second level houses the dance floor, and it was crazy packed all over the place.  There's a huge bar on one end, w/ bottle service areas here and there and the dance floor.  Music was pretty standard, hip hop/rap/house which seems to be the norm thesedays.  As is unique to Vegas, there were hot women all over the place, w/ more fake boobs and tans than I could count!  Overall Tao is essential on the clubbing 'to do list' for Vegas.  The combination of decor, crowd, and music is great, you will not be disappointed!
1	*This review is based on 15 minutes. haha*During CES, we totally crashed a random company's party.  I got a free drink at the bar and went over to the dancing area.  There were girls writhing around under a red sheet on these platforms.  It was strange.  Especially when you are drunk.  I wanted to peek under the sheet and say hi.  I'm sure it got hot under there. haha.I danced on the stage for like 3 minutes and all these photographers for the company party (still not sure whose party it was) took pictures.  Oops. Oh well.  At least I changed out of my company shirt with my nametag. haha.  Place seemed ok, but it wasn't anything special.-------------------Update 5/1/08I came here with the girls last weekend on a Saturday night.  We had VIP passes that still required us to wait approximately 20-30 minutes in line.  It was so packed that guys were only allowed in if they were with a girl (one-to-one ratio).  Tao is way too crowded and pretentious.  You get in line only to be a part of another line in a stairwell that goes all the way to the top floor called Tao Beach or something like that.  It's nice that it's out in the open so you don't get hot and sweaty, but after waiting 30 minutes outside in line and another 10 minutes in the stairwell to get outside...you just want a freakin drink!  It took us ANOTHER 30 minutes to get a drink pushing our way to the front.  After a weak drink that cost us a fortune and I finished in 1 minute, we tried to dance to the pathetic music they were playing.  Shortly after, we got "complained" about because we were dancing too close to a VIP table.  There were VIP tables everywhere and no where for anyone else to stand, sit, or dance.  Weak.  This pissed me off and we all decided to go downstairs to the main club area.Surprise, surprise.  You have to wait in the stairwell again to go downstairs.  Another 10-15 minutes go by.  We see that the music is better and it's easier to get drinks, but we check out the dance floor and it's packed like sardines.  Every other section was the same.  There was this weird open cage where a scantily clad woman was grinding on top of another woman laying on her back.  Every time I walked by they were just doing the same grinding motions over and over again.  I'm not sure how this related to the theme of the club.  I guess it didn't have to.  I didn't get the chick in a bathtub near the front door either.  We left feeling irritated.  We would have been happier gambling at the tables.  Please don't waste your time here.  There are better clubs/lounges in Vegas.  Not only does this place suck, the people who work here are rude and could care less about your business.
3	This place screams Vegas from the models randomly bathing in the rose petal-filled bathtubs to the outrageously long lines to the $8 Coronas...If you're not on some sort of list, get there early since Tao is still one of the hot spots in Sin City. And if you're looking to dance, it's probably not going to happen here as you will barely have room to breath. Just stand there and look pretty. Oh, and try not to fall down the stairs because there sure are a lot of those in this huge club!
5	I know a lot of people give this place bad reviews.  I can understand why.  I would too if I always have to wait in line or always have to crowd around with the masses in this club.  I mean, it's PACKED in there, for better or worse.  However, this club is THA BOMB of Vegas, and that's why I can only come here with bottle service.  That, my friends, changes EVERYTHING.Club itself first:It's huge.  It's gigantic.  And it's filled with hot HAWT women.  From the go-go dancers, to the half naked women in the bathtubs, to the hostesses, to the servers, and to the clubbers.  This place is just oozing with eye candy.  There is the main dance floor with a bar.  Beware, this dancefloor is PACKED beyond belief.  You got everyone, ugly and beautiful, short and tall, grinding up against you whether you like it or not.  Tough, that's just how it is.  There are areas on the sides for VIP.  Then there's an upstairs balcony with a VIP area too, the sky booth, that is a great place to have bottle service to get away from the crowd and enjoy your own space.  There are rooms along the sides of the main floor for bottle service as well with your own curtain to separate everyone.  Then there's the opium room, which is my personal favorite for bottle service, since you're still on the main floor with everyone, but less packed and more room.  There's a bar there as well as a bar outside of that.  Then during the warmer seasons, there's Tao beach...which is unbelievable.  If you have enough people in your group, be prepared for one of the best bottle service you can get.  You'll have your own private cabana and security to kick out all the uglies that you don't want around your space.Bottle service:Now, I've probably only come here once without bottle service, and man, it's not fun.  But with bottle service, it's an entirely different world.  You'll be whisked away by your hostess, taken up by the elevator and lead to your tables.  From there own, try to remember and enjoy as much of the night as you can.  You will be kings.  Bottles are refilled, no one crowding you, and you have your own security.  Anything you want is at your beck and call.  Just ask, and they'll deliver.  With all those bottles pouring everywhere, how can you not have fun.The best thing about Tao though, are the DJ's.  They have the absolute BEST DJ's on the strip in my opinion, and I've been to many.  Yes, I'm a Vegas slut.  They know exactly what to mix and how to mix and get everyone on their feet.5 Stars for all the "fun" times!
2	Tao was certainly the "IT" place to be when it debuted a few years ago, and as far as Vegas clubs go, it's one of the better ones.  Impressively, it even managed to steal Pure's thunder.   And while it is a favorite among Asians, despite the hype and the initial wow/glamour factor,  you'll soon realize that Tao may be bit overhyped.  I certainly have had my bad experiences here (see below) and have yet to really truly enjoy clubbing here.Honestly, the club is very nice inside, visually, with a strong "urban" zen feel.  The hot babes in the bathtubs at the entrance and inside are certainly a crowd pleaser and welcome distinction.   But it's dark as fuq inside to the point you can't really see anyone, which can be a good or bad thing depending on your situation.  If you're trying to meet up with friends already inside or you're lost, good luck finding them.  The dance floors are nicely sized, but like any Vegas club, it's packed to the brim and you can't really move around on the dance floor.  Plus the annoying stupid idiots who try to shove their way through the dance floor really ruin the fun regardless of how many expensive drinks I had... I guess this is just how it is in Vegas :/  On the other hand, the Tao Beach club at the top is really cool and gives you a gorgeous view of the Strip and The Venetian.  It feels like Cabana Club in LA.But really, beyond the glitz and glamor this place tries to hype with its sensual and exotic Asian theme, I've had more fun going to Pure.  But if you've never been, it's worth a check out...if you want to wait 2-3 hours, or grab bottled service/table.**Bad Experience 1:The first time I went, I was denied entry by the bouncer due to my shoes and was forced to go back across the street to change, despite inquiring the club in advance about the dress code.   "Jeans and white casual shoes are fine - as long as they're clean", my ass.   Yes I know I'm in Vegas, and yes I should know better to dress my best, but personally I hate wearing nice expensive dress to clubs since  A.) They're probably gonna get scuffed inside; B.) They're uncomfortable to move around in  C.) Who the hell would want to dance in dress shoes?  You certainly don't see people playing sports (Yes, dancing is considered a sport) in loafers.  Really, you should be allowed to wear shoes you are COMFORTABLE dancing in.  It wasn't like I was wearing basketball shoes - I was wearing my casual wheat/gray Sketchers.  "But the lady at the club told me they're fine earlier...", I complained.  "I don't care," says the Bouncer.  Anyway, after 30 minutes, I made it into Tao ONLY to discover a bunch of white guys inside wearing plain T-shirts and white basketball shoes...WTF?!  DISCRIMINATION!  Oh and then I had to spend a good 40 minutes searching in the dark for my friends.  Fun times**2nd Bad Experience:On my most recent trip this past summer, the DJ was absolutely horrible!  Possibly one of the worst DJs I've ever heard, which really killed the clubbing mood.  My GF was also pissed off over the bad DJ and also with the amount of pushing and shoving that went on inside.  After 2 hours in the club, our group just left.  Yes, it was THAT bad.  At least this time, we got in fast as we stayed at the Venetian and got the VIP treatment.
4	It was nice.  I wouldnt come here unless i got bottle service.  As for any vegas club, if youre not getting bottle service, you will think it sucks.  Anyways, the decor was very cool, music was good, got to get my dance on.  Some of these other reviews are funny.  If you cant dress the part to get into an upscale club, youre not dressed right and deserved to be haggled by the bouncers.  Get yourself a decent pair of shoes you cheapass!  The gogo dancers in the bathtubs and in the cages are entertaining to look at.  Poor things, i guess thats how you pay your rent.  And the guys who throw money at the girls who wont touch you?  Poor thing, what a douche.
2	BOING BOING BOING BOING BOINGThat's what it's like to dance here, as it gets packed!!  Then you stop your BOING-ing and go, "What the?! I just BOING-ed to this a few songs ago!!"  The DJ needed to repent for committing such sin.My overall experience on Saturday night was eh.  Wait  was long, with or without bottle service.  Staff could've been a little friendlier.  Everyone was at the club to have some fun and shake what our mommas gave us, but one guy in our party of 30 was told to shake it somewhere else.  Like, here?  No, move.  Ok, here? No, not there.  How about here?  Don't even try.
4	sooooo, i had hella fun when i went. besides for having to pay 20 cover (which aint bad, but aint great)....this club is hella nice.  it is huge, i swear they have like 20 rooms all with different kinds of music goin on.  And their drinks were pretty good. Nice and strong like i like it. YES!!!    Decor was very nice, bartenders were cool, the people were cool.... puts the clubs in sf to shame...... :)
2	Bad layout, and crowded beyond belief.  I'm not the sort to panic in crowds, but I was really uncomfortable with Tao's serpentine passageways being packed to the gills.  Once we got near dance floor, we couldn't even step onto it.  Getting a drink was out of the question, too as the bar was totally swamped.  Oh, and we had to pay cover which was a first.  So in sum...I'm not a fan of Tao nightclub, although I'd try the restaurant or Tao beach.
4	First thought that ran through my mind when we first got to Tao was WOW, look at the decor of this place!  This club is very nicely taken care of, very very very impressed.  We got a table at Tao so we didn't have to wait in line for our drinks and were taken care of very well by our waitress.  Another impressive point on Tao.  But when it comes to the spacing of this place, its quite crowded.  To actually dance on the dance floor was just ridiculous, no space.  I couldn't even squeeze between people, just no where I can go.  Maybe the club should think about expanding the dance floor so more patrons can actually dance versus being squished like a sardine in a can.  Overall I found that sitting at our table and talking to others was more fun than actually trying to muscle our way into the dance floor.  I suggest getting to Tao early, a table and not prepared to dance unless you like the compact feeling.
4	Wow this was THE place to be if you were having a bachelorette party. There were TONS of girls wearing veils and sashes! The bathrooms are awesome. Even if you don't have to go, you have to go. It's like pissing in art. The whole place is absolutely beautiful. MAKE SURE to get on the list for this club or you'll be sorry and make sure you bring more girls than boys even if you're on the list. The regular line was insane. We were on the list and only waited about 10 minutes. There are beautiful girls everywhere in bathtubs and bondage. The drinks were good and the floors were crowded, a little too crowded for comfort. The different floors were really nice. The roof top played 80s and 90s rock and had a loungy feel to it. I hear the food is really good too. It was a good experience and I would definetly go back.
4	Very cute!!!! I like it inside! Dim, nice decor, good music, big, and a lounge downstairs!I hate the mixture of stairs and darkness because Im always afraid I am going to fall, but it wasn't too bad. The decor was really cute! They put thought in every detail in every corner of the place. The different rooms were nice too. Dancing? Check. Lounging? Check.I can definitely see why people hook up at Tao though. YOU CAN BARELY SEE IN THERE! Get drunk and Im sure everyone starts looking hot in there eventually. Eww.. hahaha. You better not get too wasted in there people.Line issue. RIDICULOUS. You better have a VIP host or get bottle service if you're coming here. (Even then it's a pain...) Otherwise? FORGET ABOUT IT!Have a cock and no chicks around you? Find another club to try. hahaha. Im not being funny! I am serious! There were people everywhere trying to get more girls into their party so they can get inside. It looked like everyone was working their tail off!4 stars for finally quenching my curiousity and for the cute decor. Yea. That's all I needed. We didn't stay long at all (only the girls went in to check it out). Aren't I easy to please sometimes?
4	Went on Friday night and it was packed but still all of my girls had a blast. Dance floor is small so if you can  try to get a table. Loved the girls in the tub and on stage! If your a girl, walk by the club during the day to see if you can get in for free for the night. They should be giving out  waistbands or put you on the list. I highly recommoend on getting a table. Service and wait would be a lot faster. Over all, we had a great time.
4	We had dinner there, so no problem getting into the club.  I like and dislike it at the same time.  I am not a big fan of he main room, but I really liked the smaller room in the back that had the VIP tables.  They played mostly hip-hop in that room and it felt more cozy, although still fairly spacious.
1	My e-mail to The Venetian dated Jan 11, 2008:To the Venetian, On a recent visit to Las Vegas, I was shocked and now am increasingly disturbed by your advertisement billboards for "Tao" nightclub.  Frankly, as an Asian American woman, I find the "Always a Happy Ending" message paired with an image of Chinese writing on a naked woman's back deeply offensive.  This sort of message feeds directly into the stereotype and traumatic history of sexual subordination of Asian women.  How is it possible that a reputable establishment could be so insensitive? Please respond to my inquiry.  I would be very interested if different Asian American organizations and media groups would agree with my concerns.  I am also afraid I can no longer recommend the Venetian to my friends, co-workers, and family members.   Sincerely,Mima THEY NEVER RESPONDED!!!!  CAN I GIVE THEM NEGATIVE STARS?????- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Update with their response (2/21/08):We are in receipt of your letter and are very sorry that you have been offended by our ad.  We take our advertising quite seriously.  In fact, we always conduct a reasonable amount of market research to ensure that we avoid a reaction such as yours.  We take great pains to avoid offending any particular nationality, religion, gender or otherwise.We at TAO have nothing but the highest regard for Asian culture.  In fact, from our point of view, TAO is a celebration of Asian culture, cuisine and design.  While our ad campaign may be construed by some as provocative, we believe it to be nothing more than a play on words that is consistent with many other campaigns in town, most notably, "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."  Furthermore, we respectfully disagree that we have perpetuated any stereotypes or are guilty of racism in any way, shape or form.We value our customers' (past and future) concerns greatly and welcome any and all comments.  We thank you for taking the time to express yourself and hope that you can recognize that, as with anything, there is more than one point of view.  Unfortunately, in this instance, your point of view and ours are not mutual.  We will certainly keep your concerns in mind for the future.Sincerely,TAO Management- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Grumble....still wanna give them negative stars!  Did they actually say A CELEBRATION?!?!?!?!?!?!  You decide...
4	This club definitely needs to get higher ratings then this! This is my all time favorite club in vegas, I try to make it here everytime I go.  It's probably the largest club in Vegas and it's very well designed with a lot of space so it never gets too packed like some of the other clubs like Club Pure.  The only negative thing about this place is that if you are with all guys, you're not getting in unless you get a table or grease the bouncer big time. It's a bad quality about the club, but they are trying to keep it upscale and "exclusive".  For girls it's always easy to get in.  Once you get in, It's such a large place with about three different areas then a giant room where most of the crazy stuff happens. There's also a patio where you can look out to the strip. I've never been to the beach but I hear good things about it.Don't listen to all these snobby people about how they think of the club, if you are a real clubber, you got to try this place out. It's exclusive for a reason.
3	My friend who works for Star Magazine told me to meet her here. We staked out Nick Lachey and Vanessa on their joint bday parties. Totally boring, but some people are built to work on tabloid magazines. Club was way to damn big to be cool. More like a corporate warehouse for tools, but I have to admit, it was fun, how can you not have fun at a club, as the DJ was decent, but it's not NY standard of excellence in a club. I got in free and no waiting in line, as told them I was on the Lachey list, he looked at me and let me in. I was not on the list, but if you pretend, then it works. I would never pay a cover to get in this place, too pretentious.
2	Aren't nightclubs places to dance? Maybe the definition changed recently and I missed the memo. Seriously though, the only people with room to dance were the go-go's. Never have I witnessed something so bizarre - looking down on thousands of people in a club and seeing only 15% of the people dancing (trying to dance). Sounds stupid I know, but do they really need to let so many people in that it's reduced to nothing more than a ridiculously over crowded bar?Two stars 'only' because the space is genuinely cool. It could be fun if there were a 1/3 less people, but don't kid yourself we were here in Feb (kinda off season, if there is one for Vegas). However, we left nearly 20min after entering. Good thing we didn't have to wait long in the crazy lines (guest list) to get in or I would have been really pissed. To everyone sitting in the lines or planning to - save your time, money and energy. Go to another place - any place. If you have friends with you and like to dance any other spot would be more enjoyable - even your hotel room.
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas....the theme is done so well and I love the dancers and performers, especially the girls in the bathtub with champagne. The dancers are awesome, and I enjoyed the music. Go big and get a table.....otherwise its not worth fighting the crowds.
5	This is my favorite club in Las Vegas, hands down.  The staff is amazing and, now here's the kicker, polite!  I've never been treated so well at a place by the people at the door, the servers, or the bartenders.  They're all gorgeous, by the way.  Such a bonus.  We recently got a table here for our friend's bachelorette party.  They didn't even blink at the veil the bride wore or our ridiculous bunny ears.  In fact, they gave us a terrific table in plain view right in the center of the action.  I never had an empty glass the entire night.  They gave us our own security guard who watched out for us and our stuff!  He was kind of amazing.  If you're gonna drop cash on a table, do it here.  You don't have to be a celebrity to be treated like one.
5	this was my favorite stop in vegas.  the music was perfect even though they're a little more behind than the bay, we still enjoyed it.  it was super crowded where the main dance area was but we were still able to breathe (as if that determines what makes a good club!  haha).  the decor was awesome along with the dancers and the drinks were reasonably priced although if you asked me to name the prices i wouldnt remember.  some of the staff would be very pushy about not where to stand and to keep my shoes on (they were sore!!) but overall my experience there was top notch.  i'm sure it was more of a safety thing than them trying to be stingy about everything so 5 stars tao=)
4	The Tao is a very chill spot. I went on a Thursday night.Good themeGood beatsGood looking and cordial staff - dig the threadsLots of eye candyGood ratiowell dressed and behaved crowddig the go-go dancers in bathtubs with rose petals, beds and cagesnice balcony with view of the strip and water belowgood location inside the Venetiancool bathrooms for the chicks with shadow forming door panels - a naughty cool indeedSome crew from was having a birthday party there - real attention whores (straight out of the movies like Clueless- weird)Lots of fake boobies. More for show than touch.Still, it was all a little PG-13 for Vegas. But, the Tao is chill.
4	This place was pretty cool.  I went here with some girlfriends in September for a bachelorette party, and we had a great time - the best place to get your groove on is on the roof next to Tao Beach.  The night before we went here, we tried to go here with all of our significant others, but two of the guys weren't wearing the proper shoes so it was a no go.  I'm secretly (er, I guess not so secretly since I'm yelping it) glad that we decided not to go with the guys after all, because it was more fun just us gals.  And the go go girls were hot.Forgot to add that I'm still recovering from the restrooms.  On the second level, along the balcony overlooking the dance floor, is a line of individual restrooms that look out onto the dance area.  What makes these restrooms different is the fact that the doors to the individual restrooms are clear when unlocked and when you lock the door, it frosts over to give you privacy.  For the first time in my life I got pee shy because I could see the shadows of people walking along the balcony just beyond the door, and I was absolutely convinced that they could see me peeing (ok I was a bit tipsy by this point, because I'm sure the door was opaque enough to give me some privacy, but it's still a little nerve-racking).
5	For my first Vegas club experience, TAO was great.  We went for a friend's birthday, so our group of 11 did bottle service. I don't think I would go to TAO without bottle service because the dance floor was packed all night long and I couldn't imagine waiting in line to get in or at the bar.  Our table was tucked in the corner which made it intimate and at times I forgot we were in a very crowded Vegas club...plus the fact that we had a security guy who would escort us to the bathroom was awesome.  Our server was really nice and incredibly attentive and took very good care of our group.The birthday girl and I were on the guest list so we went before the rest of the group...we got in line at a little before 10 and it didn't take long for us to get in.  The rest of our group when they arrived had no problems getting in and we were seated at our table by about 10:30ish.  Considering parts of the night are a little fuzzy, I am sure that it was a very good night :)
4	If you asked my friends what I thought about Tao, they would tell you that I believe it's the "happiest place on earth".  Yes I LOVE TAO...every time I visit my home town, I always beg my friends to go with me and frankly they are sick and tired of me and TAO.So why does it ONLY get 4 Stars?  Because of the DJ.  I don't know what it was about that night (I've been to TAO at least 10-15 times).  Maybe I was sober, maybe the crowd wasn't that great, maybe I was just tired....but the DJ sucked.  His transitions were terrible, he played a good mix of music, but it didn't really pump the crowd up.  One pet peeve of mine is a DJ who shouts out some lame lines while a song is playing and ruins the beat.  HE was doing that all night long and I wanted to punch him in the neck.Drinks are expensive, it's super crowded, we didn't have to wait in line as usual, but it was fun.
4	If you like to club while in Vegas then TAO is a place you must check out.  With the Asian themed decor and gorgeous looking waitresses, TAO is one of the best night clubs in Vegas.  Only Pure at Caesars would rate better IMHO.  Getting table service here can get quite expensive depending how lavish you like to party.  A table on the main dance floor will go for a few grand easy and your party better be one of an equal ratio of male to female cause they will give you problems if you plan on bringing in a sausage fest.  I also recommend that you handle the table details before getting to the club to save yourself from any headaches.  When partying in Vegas, don't go cheap.  Get a VIP table for your friends.  It's the only way to go cause you don't have to wait in that long ass line and you get to have a place for your crew to chill at and sit.But because of this imposed "Man-tax", you will find many attractive women inside TAO so perhaps you like many others will find that "Happy Ending" that this place advertises.  I know I have ;)During the summer time, they open up the TAO beach area which are VIP tables located outside in a patio which has a view of the Vegas strip.  But I'll leave that for a more detailed review.Van The Man's Must try : One of those ladies in the tubs throughout the club.
1	Too big, too cheesy, too lame.For all the buzz about how hot Tao is, it's really ice f'n cold.  We had a table in the sky box which saved the experience from going completely down the drain.  Looking down on the trashy making-out scenes on the floor, I am so happy we were in a box with just our friends and away from the slime. Table service was BEYOND poor - I only saw our waitress once or twice, cups went missing for hours, and mixers ran empty as well.  The bathrooms upstairs are a hopeless wait, requiring us to walk all the way downstairs to the restaurant to pee.  Come on Tao.  This design is horrendous!  For a few grand, I expect way more sophistication, service, and fun.Skip Tao and head to Tryst or Pure - for sure.
5	So0o much fun...again no waitin on line...vip and everythin free...idk what it was...but that was an amazin wknd...i mean im from ny, long lines, asshole bouncers, snots and snoots...i mean thats everywhere, but ppl r nicer to u when ur visitin from outta town..i think so atleast...it was good...dancing the night awayyyy
3	To be honest, Tao is not worth it if you actually have to wait in line. Having friends who work and live in Vegas is a great perk (otherwise, I'm not sure if Tao is worth the three hour wait in the never-ending line, this is not Disneyland!)  Beautiful club though, they really paid attention to the details in decor.  Dance floor gets PACKED, it's not worth putting up with the crowd, getting pushed and stepped on and occasionally burnt by someone's cigarette.  The music is so-so in the main room.
5	I like Tao.  I like Tao a lot.  Music's good, Great service.  But I'm always lucky enough not to have to wait in line.  That makes a world of difference.
4	Pros-great bottle service-Very roomy, -best looking club in Vegas-girl-guy ratio is 2nd to none-plenty of drunk girls-VIP booths are fairly bigCons-dance floor does get somewhat crowded, but you can dance around your vip table-if you are not going VIP then expect to wait awhile in the lineup unless your a femaleBesides that, they are not any other negative things about this club.
4	I'll be nice and give Tao 4 stars.Didn't have to wait in line because we were part of a bachelorette party, but it seriously isn't worth it unless you have a VIP table. There's no where to actually breathe. This place is so packed all the time.The ambience is very cool - very Asian. The music kind of sucked around midnight though - lots of oldies. And yes, I'm a fan of 80's and 90's R&B, but come on! When you hit me with SWV, Soul 4 Real and the Boys and then go back to Milli Vanilli, there's something wrong.I must not have drank enough. *lol*
1	Don't bother.  Save your money.
3	I don't get the hype. I mean, yeah, Tao is big, but I didn't think it was that special inside. Also, the security people walk by every 5 minutes to tell you that you can't stand in a spot for too long. Annoying! What's that all about? Music was good tho...
4	I like Tao. It's not my first choice as far as clubbing goes but i'm always down whenever out of town friends come down. The place is beautiful, it's huge! There are hot naked girls in the bathtub...hot go go dancers up on stage...and hot girls lounging around in seductive poses in all corners of the club! There are 3 rooms. The main one is upstairs and this is usually the most packed! Seriously...i get spilled on everytime I'm in there! Ughhh...it's incredibly annoying because seriously...your cheap ass vodka doesn't really go with my outfit!We tried to come here once during the summer...and the line wrapped around the balcony TWICE! Yea...and then I met my hook up! And I haven't had to stand in line or pay for cover since! Yay!
5	I Love this place! One of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  Got here early.. really early.. You have to, especially if your a group of dudes tryin to get in w/ no VIP. *Guys-Bring females with you or get some to walk in with you or elseeeeee! Go kick rocks!Went here in July last year, this place was poppin' mang. Seriously.The dance floor is decent size, but gets packed really fast.At one point, there were like 30 goo goo dancers dancing! OK, maybe like 15 but I was seeing double. VIP area is very nice.. I saw Floyd Mayweather here poppin bottles.
1	Seriously SO overrated.  We were on the list - if that wouldn't have been the case I definitely wouldn't have waited in line for this place.  The line was horrendously long, maybe because of the fight, or spring break, or the fact that it was St. Patty's weekend.  But luckily we didn't have to wait... and we were excited to finally go to Tao.  We thought it was going to be an awesome night.Such a disappointment.  Yeah, the place is decorated kind of cool, but I thought the girls in flower petal-filled bathtubs were cheesy.  The downstairs bar area is more mellow, and we hung out there for a bit, but we wanted to dance so eventually we headed upstairs.  Unfortunately the place was so packed that we couldn't even move on the dance floor without being shoved from all sides.  We kept trying to move to a new spot on the floor but it wasn't getting any better.    Finally we got sick of being knocked around and having drinks spilled on us, so we decided to find another place to dance.  But everywhere we went was swamped with people, and there were bouncers at every turn telling people that they couldn't stand there and needed to move along.  Since the music was pretty crappy, we thought maybe if we tried a different room it would be better.We finally ventured into another room.  The big abacus thing along one wall was pretty cool decor, and there was finally room to dance.  But unfortunately the music sucked here too.Eventually we gave up... we stuck around downstairs for a little longer, but after dancing to MORE bad music and getting hit on by some creepers we decided to bail.  By the way, the crowd overall was NOT an attractive group.  Even after I had a few drinks in me.I was pretty psyched to go to Tao... but honestly, I've had a better experience at Moon, Prive, Playboy Club... pretty much anywhere in Vegas, actually.
4	1.26.08: Went inside for just a minute or two to look around and check out the place. It was alright. It had a really really small dance floor. The restrooms were upstairs, and a mystery on how to get up there. The place was really well decorated, and yea there was alot of asian looking decor everywhere. Here's A SECRET! The bar is always popping at Tao. The nighclub itself is upstairs. However the bar is free. Everyone and their mommas was there. The place was packed full of people lounging and drinking and just mingling. The music was also good. So if you can't get upstairs for whatever reason, so what, stay down stairs..Upstairs has a small dance floor anyways. Beautiful bathtubs to look at. Crazy, where's the girls at?
3	too packed.. if we didnt get in right away and had to pay... i would have been very angry. after a few drinks, it got better. but what situation doenst get better with a lil bit of alchy. nice setting, nice looking dancers (from what i saw), drinks were good, workers rude, different levels and many rooms... but no room for you to dance. just too crowded.
5	A fantastic time to be had here. Getting in can be a bit of work, but once you're in the time spent there is worth it. Drinks are standard Las Vegas megaclub fare so booze up outside while you're waiting in line or just go downstairs to the casino bar.The energy this place radiates is invigorating. No matter where you are, you just wanna dance! Several rooms are in this megaclub filled with good looking people. Good ratio of guys to girls but damn they let in some ugly people sometimes. The decor is real nice, plus the naked ladies in tub is a nice touch haha. Definitely more decorated than other clubs on the strip.Tip: Go to the bar that's near the outdoor smoking area. That one isn't as busy at the one located near the bathrooms.
5	This is the only nightclub I've been to in Vegas, but it's still thus far the nicest I've been to period. Even though we bought those VIP tickets through eBay before our trip, it wasn't necessary because we were bombarded with those people on their sidekicks trying to get us on their guestlist. They are usually hanging around the forum chops at Caesars or those shops inside the Venetian. Anyway, so we ended up being on guestlist and got those passes and we got in amazingly quickly. We got to the place around 10 PM and got in within 10 minutes. The girls got in for free and the guys paid $20 instead of $30. Our guy:girl ratio was 1:1, but I saw some people with a ton of guys that had some trouble getting in, but they got in eventually (not sure if they had to pay extra).The club was packed inside for a Thursday night. It was super nice with a dance floor and dining on the first floor (which probably cost an arm and a leg to eat at) and more dancing upstairs and also a bar. They had girl dancers and seducers (the girls that massaged one another) everywhere. The decor was all pan-Asian. Drinks at the bar didn't take too long either with most drinks costing around $10. Music was good too although after being there for 2 hours, they repeated all the songs once. The VIP areas were super nice. They had the whole sections roped off with girl dancers in there that lit your cigarette or made you a drink to order. The bouncers also took care of their business at the entrances. There were these girls dancing up on the elevated stage thing, and the VIPs told the bouncers that they wanted to dance on there so the bouncers told the girls that were dancing to get off so the VIPs could dance on the stage haha. All in all a good experience. The worst part was probably trying to leave because it took like half an hour to push through the crowds. But after you get out, just take the escalator downstairs and turn to your left and you have the Venetian Poker Room! Awesome. Play until 4 AM and then sleep until forever the next day...
5	This is my favorite Vegas club. I really liked the decor and the DJs always play a good mix of hip hop and electronic music. There are a couple of rooms that are only open sometimes, but they tend to be a bit less crowded... speaking of crowded, why are vegas clubs so overcrowded!!??!! all of them!!
4	17 girls will walk to you the front of the line. It amazes me how big this place is yet it was so damn crowded!The bathroom was pretty damn cool, the wait was not.The VIP section was great to get away from being sandwiched between hella people!The music was good.The crowd was random.But what do you expect, it's Vegas!
1	um. it's a giant line.  and i didn't even have to wait in "the line."  period.
3	Jesus Christ this place is so crowded that you can't even dance.  I went there last summer w/ a couple of girlfriends.  Thank God that we didn't have to pay or else I'd be really upset.  You have to elbow your way to the bar, practically hop over the bar to make your own drink since there is only a handful of bartenders and everyone is screaming out their order, THEN you have to elbow your way back onto the dance floor.  Once you get onto the dance floor the only thing that you can do is sway b/c you might hit the person who's dancing right next to you, practically on top of you.  It definitely would've been better had we reserved a table.  It would've given us space to dance.  Luckily, there's a level downstairs which serves more as the "lounge."  Not as crowded so it's more of a haven from the craziness that is upstairs.  What I thought hilarious was that there was a bouncer guarding the stairs to the crazy 2nd floor and if there were too many guys in the party then they couldn't go through, only the women.  Sorry, fellas!
5	Tao is a foreign word, which loosely translates to "panty-dropper."  Wait a minute, it doesn't?  Those guys lied to me? Jake, a really cool promotions guy, approached Lindsey and I on the street early last Saturday and asked if we wanted to get VIP entrance into Tao at 10 pm and have an open bar.  So, after thinking about this for 2 nanoseconds, we eagerly agreed.  We had dinner reservations at Tao for 11 pm, and figured that we could have a few free drinks before being seated downstairs. After calling Tao to confirm that our promoter was legit (although I wasn't too concerned, since Mama taught me how to disable taillights when trapped inside a predator's trunk), Lindsey and I brought our sexy selves to the Girl's Only VIP line.  We received our wristbands and were quickly ushered in - past at least one hundred clubgoers in waiting (some people wait all night and are never permitted entry).  At one of the bars (there are 3 on the main level and a few on "the beach" upstairs) the bartender sadly informed me that the best I could get with my free drink wristband is a Skyy and Red Bull.  Expecting a slap in the face from my high-maintenance friends, instead, he received squeals of delight.  Obviously, he isn't aware that we're girls who prefer top shelf but are just as happy shotgunning beers at a tailgate party.After a delicious dinner at Tao (review to follow) we effortlessly re-entered the club upstairs.  There are three dance areas:  The large one on the main floor, one in a side room, and one upstairs at "the beach."  Beware of the single man that groups of guys send out to find cute girls and drag back to their table lair caveman style.Being in a female-only group (although a male co-worker of mine was running around this place like a kid in a candy store) allowed us to receive the ultimate VIP treatment at this sexy "see and be scene" club.  It's nice having men in suits repeatedly request your presence at their special tables & VIP rooms with curtains - but not when the men's faces resemble that SNL skit where cousins breed with each other and spawn deformed offspring.  Also, the married men who were there to prove they "still got it" proved to be a little trying.  Come on, guys, do you think that we don't notice you keeping your left hands in your pockets, excusing yourselves to the restroom, coming back and gesturing with a tan-lined finger?  NiceGirl rule #84:  Don't do the nasty with guys who are taken.  Period.Note: the restrooms are marked "Yin" and "Yang."  A little tipsy, I mistakenly wandered into the Yin room and saw a guy's Yang.  Not advisable (unless timed strategically after consuming copious amounts of high-proof liquor).My favorite part?  "The Beach" upstairs.  Poolside setting (which is actually a hot place for sun and fun during the day), sexy environment, and a cool breeze to help you feel relaxed.The motto of this Asian-inspired place is, "Always a Happy Ending."   Wow, that's gutsy.  Take with this what you like, but right around 4 am, Lindsey and I were forced to make a hasty retreat when the lights slightly brightened and the 4 am "bed partner" scramble began.  Sorry dudes, we don't care if you do play for the Giants or really make that much money.  This is Vegas - everyone is a star.
4	Pros: Nice venueCons:  Can't think of any right nowMy friends and I went here last weekend and it was pretty cool.  I've tried getting into this place 2 times before with no luck.  It wasn't because of a long line either (i.e. friend's were way too drunk to get in and friends being dramatic).  Anyway, that's a story for another time. Compared to other people's reviews, we didn't have to wait too long because we went here early and we were on a guest list.  Anyway, Tao is your typical Vegas club.  The decor was really nice and there were multiple rooms.  I don't remember drinks being overly expensive, but I was pretty buzzed so who knows.The best part, in my opinion, was heading up to to Tao beach.  I heard they do something similar to Rehab at the Hard Rock during the day.  During the nighttime, however, I guess they open it up for people who are in the club downstairs.  Anyway, it was pretty cool.  They have several couches you can sit on and its right next to the pool.  The bar wasn't too crowded either.  The only small problem was it was windy.Overall, this place is pretty cool I'm just glad I finally got in here after trying twice unsuccessfully :)
2	Tao is sooo hot!  I'm gonna give it two stars cuz that's as high as I can count!  And that's befoooore I've had my second Appletini, tee hee.What I like most is how if you get a VIP table, you get to sit UP HERE, while all the rest of the people (the ugly ones) have to stand over there.  See what I mean?  You're sitting HERE, behind a little barrier, and then there are other less deserving people (I like to call them "eaters") over THERE.  For that subtle distinction you pay an amount equivalent to a laborer's annual wage in India.  Sweet.Seriously though I am giving Tao two stars instead of one because it is a bit hipper design than the other big casino nightclubs, in its materialistic Buddhist (er that's a fundamentally contradictory theme yes?) way.  Lots of earth tones with the bling.  And the roided out bouncers are a bit less ogre-ish.  Still I can't believe people fall for this crap.  Standing in line waiting patiently to be a**raped sucks.  Unless you're into that sort of thing.  In which case bring lots of KY, you'll need it, you've found your nirvana.
3	Pretty ginormous club. I like the girls swimming in the tubs with flower petals. Pricey drinks here. Ate at the restaurant before the club to ensure fast entry. I dropped $80 by myself and I was still hungry. Then I drank alot at the club and felt like dookie. At this point, I felt like I was drinking on a empty stomach. Since I couldn't find any of my friends at this huge club, I crawled my way to taxi line outside Venetian and rode solo back to the hotel. Won't be coming back here when there's hot new clubs popping up in vegas every month.
1	This club sucks in terms of customer service.  My friends and I went in the "General Admission" line around 9 PM...and the club opened at 10 PM...since we were hoping for a guaranteed entry into this club. BUT HECK NO!! While we stood in line till about 10:30, they tell us that they were overbooked in the guestlist and was not letting any GA people in until maybe after midnight...WHAT BS!!!! I tried to talk to the people in charge, but they continued to refuse us even though we had a majority of females in our group.  They even told us to try to get into another club, like Tryst at the Wynn.  We then tried to get in through the front area since a few of our friends got in by reserving a table with a minimum tab of $1000!!! Our friends with the table said that they were told that they can invite us without having to pay cover. AGAIN!!! They give us BS!!! When we get to the door, they wanted us to pay cover or buy another bottle (which was prob 300 bucks!)!....so for any of you who want to go clubbin in Vegas...avoid Tao at all costs!!! TAO GETS ZERO STARS FROM ME!!
3	Eh, I had a lot more fun at Tryst.  There are way too many levels here for a drunk girl to effectively maneuver her way around.  There are two DJs, but both were playing hip hop/pop, so it seemed to defeat the purpose of "options."  Management was kind of annoying (they kept yelling at us for "blocking" the way), and it was literally impossible to get a drink from the bar.  It's also a lot harder here to schmooooooze with the parties who have tables.  Eheheh.  *I ain't no gold digger*
2	my girlfriends and i got on their guestlist so we were lucky for that because we didnt have to pay the cover. i would have been pretty pissed if i had to pay because i was not pleased. we went there on a friday night. it was PACKED. the dance floor was ridiculous. there was no room to move or to even get across. the only movement was people trying to get in and out of the dance floor. the music was good but we were sad we couldnt even dance to it because there was no room! drinks are expensive so preparty beforehand! haha we left and went club hopping to see what else we could find...
5	This club definitely makes you feel like you came to vegas and you came to vegas to party!! We got a great deal on table service here through a connection we had and the service you get when you pay for the PRICEY bottles is totally worth it!!Perks:Cuts in line when you arrive at the clubVIP treatment the entire nightYour own bar tender at your table throughout the nightUnlimited MixersYour own shaker and ice and other trimming to create a party any momentYour own private table and seating area away from the crowdAND CUTS IN THE BATHROOM LINE!!You can't understand if you are guy how incredibly awesome this was, but there is ALWAYS THE LONGEST girls lines at clubs and all we had to do was tell a security guard near our table that we needed to go, and we would personally escort us up to the very front of the bathroom line! Now if that isn't service, then I don't know what is! That hands down makes me want to come back to this club again. The music was great but this places fills up early with tons and tons of people so get there early and be prepared to push your way through crowds of people to get on the dance floor!!
1	(...one-star for my girl who kept her cool when things went to sh*t...)*sigh*I used to like Tao.  Used to.  Past tense.  But the reprehensible and abysmal customer service we recently encountered on numerous fronts border on cataclysmic.Ill Communication... (Beastie Boys, 1993)10 days prior to Vegas, more than one person in our entourage attempted, valiantly and persistently to secure guest list accommodations, all to no avail, no recourse, no reply, no acknowledgment from Tao staff/management.  Fine... it happens.The Tipping Point... (The Roots, 2004)So, uncertain of our status on the guest list, we made a conscious effort to arrive early to stand in line, arrayed in a 16 girls to 6 guys ratio, the ladies looking delectably hot and the gents dapper smooth (or at least passable... meh!). For over an hour prior to opening, we stood there (at the front of the line), as did countless others behind us, until a security/bouncer announced, "regrettably" of course, that they had over booked the guest lists and no general admission guests would get in.  Hmmph...  Frustrating and a ridiculous, considering those guest-lists were in circulation all night and some idea that they were over-booked should have been evident much much sooner.  But fine... that kind of thing happens too, I suppose...By All Means Necessary... (Boogie Down Productions, 1988)At this point, KT, in her most tactful and professional demeanor (... and a vivaciously flattering top...), set out to see what could be done.  We were told to go ahead and just get in the guest-list line.  Then told we weren't on the guest-lists.  Then directed to speak with "that guy"... who told us to talk to "this guy"... who said to KT, "Sorry, there's nothing I can do, try another club".  Wow, really?Stakes is High... (De La Soul, 1996)During the horrific menagerie outside, three friends, assured we would get in, threw down the $grand for table/bottle service and were awaiting our arrival inside.  Aghast that we were turned away, they negotiated for 7 of us (5 girls, 2 guys) to get in; the other half our crew had gotten in by just walking up to the counter as-if they were on the guest-lists (Bum Rush The Show... Public Enemy, 1987).  As it would turn out, another doorman would demand that we purchase another bottle @ $300 for the admission.  Hmmmm, really?  Your bottle service, as it were, allots 3 guests per bottle and there were only three people inside with three bottles.  Ludicrous.Tougher Than Leather... (Run DMC, 1988)So, we walked away... no club is worth that much stress, drama, and runaround.Yeah, I used to like Tao... USED TO._______________________________________BIG-UP BIG-UP BIG-UP!  Some of you guys were cool (clip-board guy with the faux-hawk and the Polynesian guys),for trying to do all you coulda/woulda for my girls/crew, thank you much anyway.
4	We were on the VIP list so we got comped admission and didn't have to wait, otherwise I don't know what it would be like getting in. There was a large crowd of people on Friday night, of course, and the atmosphere was great. Strangely enough, there aren't too many Asian people working there considering it's supposed to be an Asian-themed club. The security is good at moving people along but not obtrusive like some other places, and it wasn't crowded to the point of not being able to find a place to stand or sit. The drinks are reasonably priced and the atmosphere and music is very good. Definitely a great club to go to. The only other complaint is that the wait for the women's restroom was very, very long.
4	Aside from the crowd (meaning it was very crowded) I really liked Tao.  We were lucky to be able to bypass the massive line outside - I don't think I would have gone if I had to wait in line for 2 hours. The club is dark and mysterious.  I love the decor.  Life-sized Buddhas and women in bathtubs... odd sentence, but they were there.   I loved being on the balcony and looking down on the bar and the people.  Men who buy table service for the night are very generous when it comes to a group of women.  I didn't spend a dime that night.
3	We had dinner there which was awesome. Some dude was going around saying that if we wanted to go to the club, he would stamp our hand for frquenting the restaurant. Anyhow, we go to the club and are told that we need to pay the cover but we could stand in the VIP line. I was annoyed and complained. the manager came out and was rude but he gave me 10 free drinks so it was all good.the atmosphere was nice but I think the layout kind of sucks. almost ever single space is VIP and the club is broken up into many different rooms. The rooms are small though. The servers and bouncers were all nice and the drinks were good. I just hope that they change up the atmosphere a bit. Oh and the music wasn't that good. They played a lot of older music..and not old nostalgic, like last year old.
4	Great club, but the crowd is insane!I came here on a Friday night, and maaaaaan was it packed! It was rediculously packed. My buddy and I went with his cousin, who is a girl, and two more of her friends and cousins. For some reason the bouncer split us up. I was pissed! We tried to tell the bouncers we were with them, and they same with them trying to tell the bouncers, but they just shoo'd them in and made us wait! It's a pretty well known fact that if you go to a Vegas club with no women, you aren't getting in anytime soon. We continued to wait on for a good 30-45min! I was steaming pissed. I kept my cool though and made a few friends in the line who we just bull shitted with until we got in.Inside is great. Huge bar in the middle once you pass the girls in the bathtubs and girls dancing/playing with eachother. We went to the main dance floor area where then we called the rest of our party and finally met up. Best part was when we were all already buzzin pretty good and doing our thing on the dance floor then the light foam starting sprinkling down. I thought it was paper at first so I covered up my drink, but when we realized it was foam I laughed at myself. It was kind of hard to make your way around though with so many people. We tried to take pic but camera's kept on fogging up, LOL.The music was excellent. It didn't stick to one genre. They played music from all sorts of artists and styles, and they didn't play a lot of the older music like they do here in Bay Area clubs. They were on top of the music department for sure. It went from rap, to rock, to pop, to 80's, and it was just a constant pleasure hearing the music that played. They actually played music that around the Bay Area didn't even catch wind of yet. Coming back home and then hearing it hit the clubs here kind of made me think about how behind and slow the club scene is around here. Makes me want to go back.The decor is great. Everything followed the same theme throughout and in a unique fashion. Ligting in different rooms attracted us to go almost into each one. My buddy and I actually met a pretty cool bride to be that actually offered US drinks and to sit at their booth. My friend took the liberty in sitting at the booth and chugging down some free orange juice, while I talked to the bachleorette. It was all in fun and everyone was cool.If you really want to experience the Vegas club scene, come here. I left out a lot of stuff but you just need to experience it for yourself.
2	Alot of things go into a fabulous experience at a club.You need a fabulous space.Fabulous people.Fabulous prices.And lots of fabulous space to bust out your fabulous moves.Tao - was an impressive fabulous space, but the people and number of them crammed into one dance space (the downstairs area was much less crowded, but not much was happening) were short of fabulous, we couldn't score a seat unless we had ordered bottle service, and the price of entry for the guys in our group as well as the drinks once inside were far from fabulous.So overall Tao was not the fabulous experience we had hoped over.There were two creepy baths, boasting two naked women sitting in rose-petal water as we entered. Both women looked bored and unimpressed, and at the moment I knew our night at Tao was not looking up. The music was erratic Top 40 stuff, like most of the clubs in Las Vegas, and once we made our way to the second floor dance area, we were bombarded with throes of pushy girls. With no room to dance or move, we managed to squeeze our way into the VIP section and ended up partying the night away with some friendly Welsh guys, which helped the night pass a little smoother, but after about an hour and half we couldn't get out of Tao soon enough.If you're OK not being able to bust out your fabulous booty shake move, cause you'll probably boot out five girls from the dance floor in one shake - you have so little room to move - then come here - you'll probably have a good time. But if crowds aren't your thing - ask the locals for a good club recommendation that night - and go there instead.Trust..
3	There are two things that Tao has lots of: 1) Buddhas and 2) stairs!My girlfriends and I were all winded by the time we got to the rooftop area known as Tao Beach. Up there you will have a lovely view of the Venetian, Treasure Island, and construction! The setup is pretty sweet and cozy with the cabanas. Sending us up several flights of stairs must be their way of getting everyone thirsty enough to head to the bar order a drink. Lucky for them, it worked. My only gripe about Tao Beach is the long walk to the bathroom, which is in the pool area.I found that the dance floor downstairs to be on the small side. Music wasn't too bad, but it was also pretty forgettable. Nothing that the crowd got too riled up over. The confetti that rains on the crowd is pretty over the top, but hey, it's Vegas! Service at the bar was always speedy, to keep the buzz steady for the night.Not a bad experience, but not spectacular either. Overall, I had a lot of fun.
2	Throwing an amazing party is not easy, I give them that. Tao, similar to other popular hot spots Rain, Tryst, Prive and clubs of the like, are so overcrowded that it's hard to enjoy yourself. Tons of people get on the guestlist, and those who aren't usually have to wait in a long line. When you're working at the door, the last thing you want to do is turn people away or make them wait. Trust me, I know the feeling. We had a group of 12, and it was really hard for us to stay together. Even though we were on the guestlist, only the girls got in for free. Guys had to pay a $20 cover. Had we planned things out so that we had table service, we would have gotten our own roped off VIP section. Instead, we took our chances and unfortunately were packed like sardines on the dance floor. We made the best of it, and I ended up having a great time dancing, even though I was bumpin' and grindin' with people on all sides. Jessica and Nicole got separated from us, but I found them standing near the window trying to look for us. They had gotten themselves into the VIP section next to boxer Bernard Hopkins who was in town for the fight. They took me back there, and we hung out there for a while. When our guy friends found us there, they were denied entry. That's when we decided to leave. While the rest of the group stayed and checked out Tao Beach upstairs (which was just as chaotic), we decided to call it a night. As we walked down to the restaurant, they had cleared the area out and there were hardly any people down there even though there was another DJ spinning there and the bar was less crowded. We probably could have gotten the rest of the group to come down and hang out with us there, but we were pretty much over the scene and took off. You'll find a lot of hot women put on display throughout the club. Although they are gorgeous girls with hot bodies, it was a bit disturbing to see them sitting in rose petal filled bathtubs and getting massages. I think what made it degrading was that they didn't look happy to be there and be stared at. I guess it's their choice, right?
2	Overrated.I'm not saying that as a bitter partier who had to wait hours in line while the asshole security guards went on their power-trips.  (Seriously though...the line outside went on for miles!)  We got hooked up and actually got in within a few minutes, but I soon came to the conclusion that I would've rather stayed outside in line...at least I could breathe out there.  1.  The narrow stairways leading to the second story dance floor and the rooftop lounge were always packed!  We started out at the bottom, excited to see what awaits us atop this famous club...Within a minute of reaching the top, we turned around and pushed our way back down the stairs, eager to escape the extreme cold of the rooftop and the disgusting humidity of the dance floor.  What a waste.2.  I'm giving it 2 stars because the lounge downstairs was actually pretty nice...and their drinks were strong, so that's always a plus.  Comments my friends made throughout the night:"Hey...if there was a fire right now, we'd all die." - Friend #1 (while we were on the main dance floor)"I know the decor is supposed to be Asian, but it's really really awkward drinking and clubbing with a million Buddhas watching you..." - Friend #2
4	If you haven't been to Tao you should definitely check it out.  If you've been... you should probably go again.Tao is one of the big nightclubs in Vegas.  It's got it's pitfalls but in my opinion is still great.  The absolute worst thing about Tao is the crowds.  At it's peak, Tao is packed.  The dance floor is just a mass of people and the bars are 5-7 people deep.  Being a big club Tao is extremely popular but that works against it too.  I understand there's a big demand to get in but they just let too many people in.  It gets really uncomfortable by the time midnight hits.  You literally can't move.The only times I've been there have been when a friend had bottle service so the crowds weren't a huge deal.  If you goto the smaller room on the second floor the crowd is manageable.  The main room on the second floor is ridiculous.They try to ease up on the crowding by opening up Tao Beach on the roof but as if the club itself wasn't hot already, Vegas on a summer night can be worse.  Even with all that, Tao is still a fun place to head to.
3	I'm really so over Tao. Halloween 3 years ago was fun...... But I went on Saturday when Mary J was going to be there. We had no problems getting in, or getting free drink tickets from a guy named Sean. (Thank you Sean! you were by far the best part of the night!) But its was still missing something. My roomate smokes so we went out to the over crowded, very small patio area. Nice view, if you can see it over all the crowdedness and smoke.....I like that the VIP tables are right there so can schmooze it up with free drinks.... but if i had the VIP table I may be annoyed that anyone can just walk up into my VIP space, AND THEY WILL, because for some reason, little patches of this place get super crowded super fast. We then went on to going to the downstairs dance floor so we can actually dance.  We were sardines upstairs.After a while we just got bored and moved on. $8 coronas $12 drinks.... um... thats about it. Music was O k, If I go back I will need a Cabana. Thank you.
3	3 Stars because of the decor and being able to dance on top the stage in the main room.. haha.. but helllllllllllllllllllaaaa crowded no seating... can't walk.. the majority of the people are walking around... hated that... but if you got friends who work for TAO get them to get you into the club VIP because I honestly don't know the price to get into the club.
3	I give three stars for three reasons:One: There were three dance floors and the smallest one i LOVED!  Well all my friends loved.  I guess it was the mid 20's and above room where all they did was play old school rap and 90's r&b...i mean like soul for real run dmc!  it was so tight.  Two: Diverse crowd.  Everyone was having a fun drunken ass time at the club. Three: The really nice bartenders and security guard on the balcony.  I forget his name.  But they were all so very nice and made our stay in the club for the first hour or so pleasant until everyone bum rushed in and stole our hospitality.  But everyone deserves some love right?the CONS-no stars for two reasonsOne: the massive crowd!  even though i had stated above everyone was having the time of their lives, it was so sardine packed in there i couldn't breathe, couldn't get to any rooms without drinks spilling and girls stepping on my shoes with theirs. i think one guy even wiped his sweat across my forehead. i know its not a party without people but damn THAT many people is ridiculous! couldn't dance unless i had my hands in the air and did a jiggy to two inches to each side of me.  i don't think thats very fun.Two: music!  i mean they had me at hello playing all that cool ass music in the small room then they had to switch it up to tracks to same as the main dance floor.  I guess with the overflow of people they had to play the same music from the main floor since there was literally no more room to move.  getting out of the club was worse than getting in too.  drinks were pricey but tasty.  but never again will i go to such heights for tao.so i guess its fair.  you can say to yourself that you've experienced tao if you go here.  not really anything unusual than any other club i've been too except the women bathing in tubs in the middle of the stage like a softcore porn movie.  but nowadays you can always download that stuff off the internet.
4	it was one of those nights where you weren't sure how long it was going to take to get in, even if you were in the "vip" line.fortunately, our friend knew someone who was working and we got in within ten minutes! woohoo. suckas...so here's what's to expect: loud music. sweaty people. many rooms. many bars in different locations, different music depending on the rooms, and upstairs... wow! i loved it. it's on the rooftop, it's outside so the smoke doesn't bother you as much, and you can hear people talk.conclusions i've reached based on no scientific research: rooftop is for the older, generally with more talkative people who are already getting laid or don't care too much about one night stands, etc. and are comfortable with where they are in life (generally).downstairs are for the hornier younger kids who are confused and don't care about STD's or burning people with their cigarettes or developing a hearing problem.
3	So after my second time here, I think I'm definitely over Tao.  It was way too crowded and ridiculous.  The bouncers shining flashlights to move people in the right direction was very similar to cowboys herding cattle.   If it weren't for the nice Korean and Armenian guys that let us take over their booth, the night would've been a bust.  Sure the DJ's spin great music.  And sure the naked girls rubbing on each other in the bath tubs are hot.  But getting dirty looks from other Asian girls, and hit on by dorky Asian guys isn't so much fun.  However, I would recommend everyone checking Tao out once, but once is enough.  But when in Las Vegas, I think it's essential to spread your love around to all the other clubs and lounges.
2	Let me preface by saying I generally am not a nightclub person. However, we had a crazy girl's night here and had some fun. We got here around 10:30 and walked right in... it was CROWDED! Getting through the crowd to go to the ladies room was a nightmare! Like any nightclub, there were cheesy girls who were practically naked and cheesy guys EVERYWHERE. There were a lot of bachelor and bachelorette parties... plenty of opportunities to get into big trouble here.The best part was the terrace... it is perfect on a warm breezy night. I needed a break from the craziness inside and spent some time out there talking with some rando's. The view is magnificent!On a serious note, the naked girls in the bathtub right next to the huge Buddha is kind of insulting to any Buddhists visiting the club. Also, the club has a billboard along the strip that reads: "Always a happy ending..." WTF??? No we will not love you long time!!!Overall, I probably would not return to Tao.
4	3.5 stars - Tao is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too crowded and the actual dance floor is pretty tiny, considering how many people they let into this place. We had table service (Thank God!) and my friend immediately tipped the security $100 to make sure the ladies were taken care of - we were led quickly through the crowd to the bathrooms and back without ever having to wait in line. The tables by the dance floor apparently have a more expensive minimum but having experienced both, I definitely prefer the tables that line the side of the club. The space is big, you have plenty of room to yourself, and you also get a personal bartender and bar-back who refills your mixers before you're even aware that it was more than halfway empty.The individual bathrooms with the cool doors are nice but they leave all the amenities out on a random side table where there is no mirror to see anything and no room to do it anyway. I always have fun here but honestly, if it weren't for table service...the night would be a bust. If your broke ass can't get your own table, I really hope you're a hot girl so you can at least sit with some (possibly ugly) boys who will let you take theirs over. Otherwise, you'll end up standing around and getting in people's way (getting bumped and sloshing your drink everywhere) or you'll get thrown into the throng of dancers trying to squeeze onto the tiny dance floor.
2	2 star for being absolutely gorgeous.-3 stars for:-the dickhead at the bar that kept ignoring me and giving other people drinks first-The large amount of stairs...Hello, I'm paying about a million dollars to get into here, and we have to get excercise??-It was so crowded we had NO ROOM. at all.-When we tried leaving from Tao Beach, they wouldn't let us leave. Along with a humongous line of people. They were keeping us prisoner upstairs!! Finally, we said f*ck this, pushed past all the stupid people waiting, past the bouncers, and left that damn place.
3	I used to say that Tao was my least favorite club in town.  Super packed, super loud.  I even went there once with a friend that had a table, and even in his remote booth, we could still barely hear each other while yelling.  But the last time I went, I climbed the stairs straight up to Tao Beach, and I genuinely enjoyed my evening.  It wasn't super loud, people were super friendly, and there was still some dancing going on for those in my party that were into that.  If it wasn't for the cover charge and the line, I'd be back more often.  Oh, and make sure you leave your group for the bathroom the SECOND you suspect you need to -- you'll be walking for quite a while!
4	If it wasn't so overly crowded, I would give Tao 5 stars. My friends got the hookups so a group of us (5) got in for free.....so that is always a plus! Loved the atmosphere, the bartender was quick and the drinks were strong. Music was excellent (100% hip hop), loud and very bassy. Too bad we were only in there for 1 hour...we got kicked out cuz my friend puked at the bar after taking couple shots and we had to put her on a wheel chair and messenger her back to our hotel room. Luckily, she was ok. Good times regardless. I would definitely go back to Tao.
3	This place is expensive, but then again everything in Vegas is expensive. It was 40 bucks to get in and then for 3 shots of Patron i paid 42 dollars. I am by no means cheap but that's hella expensive. As far as the club, its beautiful. The decor is really nice, obviously by the name you can tell its Asian influenced, and the girls who frequent this place are incredibly gorgeous. But its annoyingly crowded. It takes a bunch of effort and time just to go from one end of the club to the other. The music on the main floor is techno and house, which truthfully I am not a huge fan. After about an hour, I found out if you go up to the pool area on the third floor, they play hip hop. This realization caused my night to go from meh to fun. Overall, just go. It's Vegas. Spend the money and don't worry about it until Monday when you sign onto online banking, and realize how much you spent on getting yourself drunk.
1	Great place to get FUCKED. And by FUCKED I mean:*listen to one-minute snippets of shitty top-40 hits*pack yourself onto a tiny dance floor with hundreds of other sweaty spaghetti-strapped blondes and sleazy dudes in rhinestone-studded jeans trying to grab your date's ass, with no room to dance but plenty of room for elbows*watch the jackasses at the roped-off VIP tables zipper fuck each other while hoisting bottles of Skyy in the air*get yelled at by one of hundreds of security guards trying to enforce some sort of code of rules about where you can stand*drop half your paycheck on a night of pure frustration
4	This club is amazing to look at.... I love what they did with the decor, I feel like this is what a Vegas club should look like (take some notes Prive and The Bank!).  We were able to get in minus the lines and the craziness, thank goodness, and in the beginning it was a little too much for me....I like the bar at the entrance but the main room was CRAZY crowded, but I'm sure most places worth visiting in Vegas would be on a Friday.  After being pushed up against the Buddhist statue one too many times, we went out to Tao Beach.  I did return after a few hours and it had cleared out quite a bit and was really nice.  I was super drunk by this time, but I had a great time at Tao.  Good music and less skanky people than a couple of the other places I experienced on my trip to Vegas.
2	Overall, not a great place.  But maybe it was my first time and it was crowded.  The place is huge with tons of places to hang around at.  But with most other places in Vegas, they cater to the ghetto, wanna be hip, southern california, hip hop crowd.  Hence, crap music!
1	eh... i'm not such a huge fan of this place. in truth, the only reason i ever go here is because i'm on the guest list and this is where everyone wants to go. i really can't understand why anyone likes this place?!?! the decor is cool, but the layout of this place is awkward to say the least. there isn't a single place in the entire club where you don't feel like you're being pushed into someone. the hallways are narrow with the whole club being really dimly lit. the dance floor is way too small and overly crowded. the music is ok, but nothing to jump up and down for. the outside smoking area is long and narrow but also really crowded. #1 reason not to go here:the last time i was there i kept bumping into kevin fenderline. booooo!!
3	The decor is amazing. There are gold Buddhas everywhere and about two rooms for dancing (not counting Tao Beach). The dancers are pretty good and they really get your booty shaking the whole night. The girls in the bathtubs are definitely eye candy for the guys. A couple guys were disappointed because the bathtubs near the entrance were empty the night we went. The restrooms are a little weird. They are located on the second floor. If you are in a stall, you feel as if everyone can see you. But, they really can't. This club can get very, very crowded on the weekends. If you want to see the decor without people yelling, passing out, and spitting game, then I suggest you make a reservation at the restaurant, eat, and go to the club early. The dance floors are tiny. There is no room to dance and you will constantly be shoved and elbowed due to the amount of people there. I do not recommend this place if you are claustrophobic. The music was just alright. Could've been better. Three stars for the decor and originality. Minus two stars for the music and huge crowd of people.
4	I had a really, really fun time.  Tao is the kind of place that reminds me why Iove Vegas.  My friend and I ate at Tao, so we got a line pass stamp.  That was nice.  When I was in the bathroom, I saw a free admission card that I grabbed and threw into my purse.  When asked to pay the cover, I flashed the card at the bouncer.  Unfortunately I hadn't actually read past the "free" portion of the card, so when the bouncer asked me "Are you really a mother?" my oh-so-eloquent response was a "uh..."  It was Mother's Day weekend, and apparently the card was free admission for moms.  Silly me.  Well, the lovely bouncer nicely responded to my less than articulate response with a "Well, you are tonight" and let me through.  With that, I nodded behind me toward my friend and said, "She's a mom too."  No line, no cover.  Not a bad way to begin the night.  We headed to the little patio space looking over the Venetian canals and the strip.  Lovely.  We skipped the main room (ahh...too crowded) and went to the smaller one off to the side.  The DJ was amazing, great mix of music.  Songs from now and songs I hadn't heard since high school ("My Boo"!!! Oh my gosh, I LOVED that song when I was 14!!).  I danced my little heart out.  I was on a total and complete high the entire night.  I'm assuming it's the club, but it could have been the Vodka Red Bulls I was downing.  Anyhow, it was fun and I'd definitely go back.
2	This place is way overrated.  Don't bother trying to get in unless you have a 1 to 1 girl guy ratio.  Groups of guys will not make it in.  Arrive early and don't expect no wait just because you are a hotel guest or on the guest list.  Luckily my Casino host was able to get me in with no wait and no 1 to 1 rule.When we got inside it was already super packed.  Wall to wall people.  Bartenders were fast so drink waits weren't too bad.  Other than that not much to report.  We weren't feeling this place so we only stayed for an hour or so.
5	wow.. this place is amazing!  they have tons of beautiful ppl there!great music and bars!too bad that there are soooooooooo many people that it's hard to move around! LOL!I love this place!
5	Tao's got the New World Asian Vibe down and plenty of great music with two different areas to enjoy including "The Beach" upstairs which is by the pool and completely outside.  If you want a chance to get a seat, you'd better get a table.  There's not much sympathy for those that won't put out the extra dough for the real estate.  Even if you have a table reservation, you have to be there by 11 to get it, otherwise it's up to the power of your dollar to get you past the doorman and in to a table.  If you want to just get in the club, you'll find that the line is long unless you tip *very* well.  The downstairs will be crammed with people and you're best bet to get some air topside, but that'll be another line/tip.The crowd is fun, the drinks like to flow, and the music is your standard mash-up/top 40.
4	This is probably the hottest night club I've ever been to!!  Pros: -Easy entrance if you're a group of asian chicks!!  I was there for my sister's bachelorette party. We happend to stay at the Venetian in a suite.  We asked the concierge to put us on the guestlist to get us in.  When we got there around 10-11pm, the line was already long.. but we went up to the bouncer in the front and within a minute, we were in!! HOT BOUNCERS and they're also really nice. -Good music if you like to dance to hip-hop.-Bathrooms are nice and kept clean.  The attendants makes sure the stall is ready for you before you go in.  CRAZY STALL DOOR!!-For the guys: topless chick in a bathtub bathing herself while people stand around and gawk at her.  2 lingerie models laying on a bed in the corner gazing into your eyes. Hot go-go dancers.-I went on a Saturday night and the crowd consisted of younger folks.Cons:  CROWDED!!  At one point, I went all the way into the middle of the dancefloor and I literally could not move because there was so many people trying to enter the dance floor.
4	GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS... The whole 1:1 ratio is not that bad unless you can pick up on some girls. This is what me and my friends did. We party Thursday and Friday just dancing with girls luckily I had got this FOB girls number she's Lao's. Those two girls brought us in Tao easily.Inside Tao it was very nice there are Three floors to climb up to. Second floor was the main floor thats where all the magic happends. There are two rooms in the main floor One very small one and a Huge one if you keep on going straight. Probably around 2am They will start spraying Foam to the dance floor to hype up the people. The music was great towards the end was trance and house music. Top floor is Tao Beach not much to do upstairs unless you want a drink bartenders there were very fast with the drinks so wait time was not a problem. I took away one star is because The place was way to pack to move around and dance people spilled there drinks on me. Other then that i will come back again.
1	This place is way overrated! There was a long line to get in and once our group got in we noticed that the club was not even full. I included some of the many reasons to avoid this god forsaken place. Reason #1 : As a female I did not have to pay to get in but my male friends had to pay 30 bucks! Now looking back I wouldn't pay 5 cents to get in! Reason #2:After about an hour the club started getting full to the point we couldn't move and the stupid bouncers kept telling us to move because we were blocking the way! We couldn't move because there were way too many people everywhere. Reason #3:The DJ sucked..playing little snips of top 40 hits..lame.Reason #4:Unless you reserve a table do not even plan to sit down and rest or have a drink because there is absolutely no where to sit.Reason #5:Our group got separated and my sister was given a date rape drug here..when she finally found a bouncer to help her he picked her up, carried her to the side of the strip and left her.   She couldn't get up and walk due to the drug she was given. DO NOT GO HERE..There are  many other nightclubs and lounges in Vegas that are excellent and fun! Don't waste your time.
4	I'm a little bias because i love the Venetian and all it's amenities.  Tao is still always crowded so get there early.  If you are staying at the hotel, ask the concierge to put you on the guest list.  They will either set you up with a promoter to walk you right in or at least put you in the line that's not nearly as long as general admission.  The drinks are slightly higher then other Vegas clubs.  The restroom doors for the girls is really cool, it's transparent but when you lock the door it turns opaque.  Music is usually good in both rooms.  Nice decor and there is always the appeal of the many naked women lying around in the tubs and canopy beds for the boys.
5	Living in Vegas, this was our regular spot.  It never fails to disappoint, you have 3 different rooms and levels so you always have options when it comes to music and dance floors.  The girls are hot, music is great and VIP treatment even if you don't have bottle service.
3	Went with my friends Friday night of Memorial Weekend '08 and here are my thoughts--!!  I'm sure it's nothing you haven't read already, but it makes me feel semi-important to contribute..hehe.The good:-No cover for us girls (friend got us on the Friday guestlist).  Our guy friends had to pay $30 each though (ouch).-Didn't have to wait that long in line (got there around 10PM)-The decor-Good place to see well-dressed hot guys dancing with hot/slutty girls-Semi-entertaining half naked chicks rubbing each other's booties.  They weren't into it at all and were just going through the motions, but I thought it was pretty unique for a club.The bad:-TOO MANY PEOPLE...I'm 5' 3" so it was really hard for me to breathe in that crowded dance floor.  I literally had to jump up and down every few minutes for some oxygen/to cool down.  Ended up escaping to TAO Beach.-Couldn't leave TAO Beach when I wanted to...ended up WAITING IN LINE to leave the damn club.-Confusing layout of the club...made it hard to escape.-Pricey drinks (Vodka Red Bull was $15)-Spilled drinks everywhere so the floors were wet and sticky (ewww)Overall, it was an interesting experience.  I can now check this club off my list of places to visit.  However, I wouldn't want to go back for a long, long time...and definitely won't go back if I have to pay cover!
3	I came here with my bf for a memorial day weekend and it was too crowded and hard to get drinks. Drinks were expensive and too many people getting drinks and not enough bartenders. We were only able to get 2 drinks each for my bf and I. The music was awesome though! A blend of trance, dance, hip hop and others. There are 3 separate lines that people get put into. It's kind of sad that the security judges you on ur look, how many people you are with, and how many girls or guys for your chances of getting in the club. It's kind of discriminating. But, my bf and I was able to get in because we were really dressed up to look good. We weren't able to make the guestlist for free because we were late even though we were staying at the hotel. The wait in line was kind of slow. We only stayed for about an hour or so and we left because we didn't enjoy it. We were able to see Tao Beach though. It was cold that day, but there was those heaters. It was a good experience of Vegas Clubs though. I dunno if i can get used to the crowdedness.
3	Seriously? THIS is the hotspot-celebrity prone club? I'm certainly not impressed! First, if we weren't lucky to have some random dude offer to walk us in, we probably wouldn't have stayed. Actually, we didn't because our friends were stuck in the line that wasn't moving... we came back at around 3am, but the music BOMBED! OMG, they had an amateur DJ that night or something. The club itself is ok... quite small overall. No problem getting drinks at the bar, so thats a plus! $20 cover charge on Memorial Weekend, so overall, it was satisfying, but I'll probably check out all the other places before coming back again.
3	sat in a table bored out of my mind then danced with my huge bottle of  cns depressants (alcohol mind you...) yeah that was about it. too freaking crowded to even care about the people around me.! ps wtf i couldnt find any hot guys! most of them were eww.. almost pee'd myself cuz the line was so eff'ing long..oh yeas and i liked the decor thats about it. did i mention crowded? wth is the capacity for that club seriously
5	Probably the best club in Vegas!  (next to Foundation Room, which is harder to get in to; member only)Definitely the best music (well, DJ wise, in terms of mixing the music)!  Great variety with the rooms too (hip hop, RnB, old school, techno, dancing outside on the BEACH)!  Its usually pretty packed and it can be tricky to get in if you're not a local or a girl - but what else do you expect for a club in Vegas?  It is definitely well worth it for the music!  If you want a club to go DANCE then this is the place!
2	Decent cover charge but a huge clusterfuck. There's no waiting around at this club. If you're caught standing still by the bouncers, they'll waive their LED flashlight on your ass to keep things moving. The DJs probably get wasted too because toward the end of the night, it sounded like stop n'play mixing between songs with no cohesive mixing skills whatsoever. I expected more from such a hyped up Vegas hotspot.
1	OVER-RATED! I HATE clubbing so you might want to skip this review. Sure the people at this club is very good looking (predominately Azn crowd). It is very hard to get in, and they need an EVEN ratio (no hook-ups or exceptions). It was $40 to get in, and definitely not worth it!! Once in they have a upper roof top open pool area, and then also in the main room in the middle floors? Way too crowded, we spent more time walking around through the crowds than dancing. They have way too many tables, so basically everyone is in a group, and you don't get to meet many people. The guest DJ played new beat world music, I thought it was pretty bad...but he's supposed to be famous! I really disliked this place!!! Body English was more fun for me.
5	That night was blurry but I'll try to be articulate as possible.It was a Thursday, which I was told the best night since its their first night open during the week. I was with my girlfriends and some had their boyfriends with them; but the ratio of girls and boys in our party was 7:3. So there's still a good chance we'll get in front of the line plus some of my friends were locals and that's added bonus! We were waiting for our "VIP" friend who was not yet there so we had to wait for her to get there. Then this group of guys came up to us and told us they've got connections and they can get us in in no time. Well, we got connections too but she was no where in sight yet so we grab the next best thing! We got in, got stamped, and ready to party...without paying for cover!After like 3o minutes our VIP friend arrived and got us in the circle of VIP - literary a circle. It's this circular space in the middle of the club (right where the tub with two naked girls was). Strictly ONLY for ladies, so my friends who had their boyfriends obviously were not in this circle. But man, this VIP was awesome: there were countless bottles of Grey Goose, the club that night was soo crowded you can barely have a place to put your drink down so it was nice having an actual chair where I can rest my feet from dancing. I had a little talk with this VIP chick who got us in, and lo and behold she was the girlfriend of one of the co-owner of that shit! That's when it all came together and made sense to me  ...  why in the world when we went to use to powder room, even those 'bathroom ladies' know her and even there, we were in the front of the line! And for the first time, I felt bad for those standing in line, because I really didn't need to go, but because I have this bathroom fetish (I sometimes judge a place by its restroom) I had to go. Evidently, the service was superb!The crowd, DJ, drinks, was everything I need it to be. I definitely had a blast! To keep it simple: I loved it!So yeah, there goes my story.5 stars!!
2	Tao Beach was cool, and the bartenders were super sexy!!!!!!! Went downstairs and I thought this place kinda sucked. Over rated, for sure!!! TOOO ANY losers in there, and it was a meat market!!! Music was good, but too crowded for my taste. I like to dance, not get stepped on!
3	Wow, talk about some serious sensory overload. There is definitely not a lack of visual stimulation at Tao. From the moment you walk in the door, this is most definitely the most ornate and extravagantly decorated club locale in all of LV. Every nook and cranny is appointed with some version of decadent fabric, Buddha, flower, leather or half-naked women preening and posing in a bathtub. Hot. This place oozes sex and seduction with it's broody, moody darkness. It's totally a hook up spot... Ehhhhh except for the fact that it's all girls inside. Perhaps it had something to do with the fact that Paris Hilton and her gaggle of pinheads were guests of honor this evening, but there was nary a man in sight. What is the opposite of a sausage fest?? A muffage fest? I know Vegas likes to keep their clubs stocked with woman... they offer you free entrance, free drinks, free love, just to keep the ratio on an even keel. Unfortunately the line of guys I saw being held at bay by a big 'ol bouncer desperately needed to be let in instead of used as fluff to make the door look exclusive. The girl-on-girl crowd was doing me no favors, I'm sure the guys there that night would opine otherwise however.The music is good if you like Hip-Hop and Top 40 remixes... We spent most of our time upstairs where the crowd and tunes were far hotter than in the downstairs "loungey" zone. Up top gets pretty crowded though, be prepared to have your snazzy shoes stepped on repeatedly :( Tao far exceeds anything we have back here in Chicago. It's visually amazing and seemed to have the 'classiest' clientele of all the clubs we shimmied and shaked in. Pack a little more testosterone in (not too much please) next time and I'll pack you one more star for Round 2.
4	From the looks of the people in line... I was frightened, perplexed and intrigued.  Quite a span you say... yes... But once inside all things seemed to be made quite right.  The liquor, the music and pure aroma of sweat.  the only complaint... why are the tubs not filled with dancing men?
4	Tao is where me the boys go to let off some steam. Great atmosphere, music is always good. However, if your're not getting bottle service forget about it! Then again every happening club is like that in Vegas : |  We always get the nice table by the dance floor. Probably because we drink 7-10 bottles 0_o?! The staff is top notch, not to mention being totally hot! I guess you get what you pay for.
4	From the parts I remember, I had a blast a Tao! My girls and I got the front of the line tickets and we got in within 15 minutes. Went to the roof and danced like crazy around the vip areas. The bathroom rooms are far away, but a nice stroll around the pool. There are other floors where you can dance, but caution strong drinks! Don't remember what music they played. Oh, and we all got kicked out too, which I discovered from the "x" on my wrist- ladies, don't take off your heels. Happy endings at Tao!
3	For the first night of the bachelorette party, we headed to Tao to start the debauchery. Thank goodness we reserved a table because it was totally packed. Getting to the dance floor was such a hassle, so we stayed close to our table by the bar. The club wasn't as cool as I thought it was gonna be and the configuration was a little weird. Other than that, we still had a good time. Music was good and the people were friendly. But the girls bathing in the bath tubs looked so unamused and sooooo unentertaining. At least LOOK like you're havin fun if that's the job you've chosen to do!
4	I've been here about 5 or 6 times and Tao never disappoints.  From the minute you want in you are surrounded by gorgeous half naked girls in tubs of rose petals and a dimly lit hall way.  The entrance is their lounge/bar, but don't bother stopping unless your waiting for your dinner reservation.  Head up a zig zag stair case and emerge into the club full of Asian influenced and inspired architecture, art and ambiance.  The music at Tao is standard for Vegas Night clubs, a mix of pop, hip hop and rock and roll.  Nothing too special, but great to dance too.  The club has a couple separate rooms throughout and a balcony with a view to die for!  The dance floor is a little small for my taste and at peek hours is packed, but what popular club isn't?  There are a few bars spread throughout the club, but the bar beneath the candle lit "Terracotta Warriors" is a great place to take a pic.  The drinks are a little more pricey than average, but not bad all things considering.  The bathrooms are on the 2nd floor and please don't forget to lock the door, or the dance floor below will get an unexpected peep show. Tao is the by far the prettiest and most romantic clubs in all of Las Vegas!My experience with a large group of my sorority sisters:  My girls and I have been here a few times together.  We've never had to wait in line or pay cover to get in so the night always starts out on a high. The crowd is a little more attractive than other clubs.  There are dozens of VIP tables full of men ready to pass out a free drink or 2 to a group of girls.  Tao is a great place for a large group of it's easy to split up and then meet again at the front entrance without a problem and the best part is the Grand Lux Cafe for drunk waffles after a hard night of flirting, dancing and drinking for free!  I would defiantly recommend Tao for a girls night out, it's easy to get in (if you work it right), easy to get drinks for free and easy to have an absolutely blast!My experience with my fiance: If you don't have a large group of girls to get to the front of the line with, definitely take advantage of eating at Tao before the drinking and dancing.  The first time we went we made late dinner reservations and then asked our waiter for front of the line passes.  After dinner all you have to do is get you hand stamped go downstairs pay a reduced cover and enjoy!  The next time we went we stood in line, but the line is well regulated and we didn't wait long.  (I have to give Tao props on this).  It's a little hard for guys to get drinks, so as usual I have get them, but that's how it always goes, he pays and I order.  Some random guy even offered to pay for me and my fiance if I could get the bartenders attentions and order for him, because he had been waiting for 20mins with no luck.  I did it and got 2 free Grey Goose on the Rocks, just for being a chick.Great place for couples, so enjoy dinner and get into the club quickly to enjoy a wonderful night!
3	pros:-got in for free-decent music-car crash like go go dancers (can't look away)-sexy decorcons:-crowded like no other.  there was barely room to move.-the only place to sit were these benches where a candle fell on my friends head-nearly impossible to get drinks-tiny, tiny, tiny dance floor-foam is gross-weird layoutI don't know if I would go again, but getting in for free saved this place.  That and they played "Sweet Caroline."
2	This was our second stop for the bachelorette party.  Tao has a really nice atmosphere, but it was so packed that we couldn't enjoy it.  There was absolutely no room on the dancefloor, and even the roof was packed.  After about an hour, I'd had enough.  Even trying to leave was difficult, because of how long the taxi lines were.  We got in quickly with some VIP passes, but it just wasn't an enjoyable experience.
4	I'm surprised at the negative reviews for Tao. I've heard so much about Tao from friends and cousins. I knew that I had to check this place out. Luckily I had recently won a free trip to Vegas to party at Tao, courtesy of Virgin America Airlines (See Virgin America review).The atmosphere within Tao is very trendy--like a Buddhist temple run amok.  There is somewhat of a strict but relaxed dress code. Play it safe and don't wear ANY kind of hats.  If you have VIP - THIS IS THE PLACE!  Granted, I would never stand in line for hours. The music at Tao was pretty good for the most part, but there were a few songs the DJ threw in that made me feel like I was in high school. But I digress.. The VIP party I attended was with a group of Virgin America Vegas winners hosted Bob Guiney formerly of "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette." Drinks were flowing all night long thanks to our waitress, I forgot her name but she was a cool little asian chick, who was very attentive to our party.  We had so much fun dancing and mingling with some HOT people throughout the night...   Good drinks, good people, good times!!
1	5k minimum for a private table for around 20 guys for a bachelor's party.  I enjoy the company of my friends but this place is ridiculous.  Granted that this is a hot night club in sin city but 1k a bottle for Grey Goose????  Are you kidding me???  Girls are hot and the club does offer a lot of amenities but come on.  We waited in line outside for a good 40 minutes before we went in, and this is with the table service reservation.  I just feel bad for the other ppl waiting in line.  I guess I must be getting too old for clubbing but it's just not worth the hassle.  I rather check out a lounge anywhere USA.
3	First Time I was there the top floor with the pool didnt even exist. It is soo overcrowed I couldnt even squeezed myself througn for dranks. Now its so overcrowded that I couldnt enjoy myself. I give and A+++ for the atmosphere and ambiance. The bath girls are also HOTT!
4	Had a friend who knew one of the bouncers, so got VIP service each time I was here. The club is definitely packed, the coolest part was the BATHROOMS! when you close the clear door, it fogs up. Trust me, go to the bathroom when you get here before you're too intoxicated to appreciate it! :)
3	Went to Tao on Saturday Night, the most CROWDED night of all.  It was the hottest mess I've ever been to.  I spent most of the night photobombing into Asian group shots.  We got there around 11:30pm, and it was packed.  You really couldn't move much at all, were herded around like sheep to either Tao Beach or to the main dance floor, and were yelled at when you hesitated which way to go (NO STANDING!).   The lines for the bars were ridiculous, and around 12:30, we waited at least 1/2 hr. for a drink!The highlight was seeing Randy Jackson--and this place is a popular celebrity hangout so if you want to see celebs, I suggest going here.  Meeting Randy Jackson, however, was nearly impossible.  As much as I wanted to take out the 7 foot 350 pound Bouncer after a couple drinks, I knew it was a bad decision.The club got a lot better much later--around 1 or 2AM, we could actually move and even dance then.   The music was pretty good from what I remember--and all the VIP stuff is bs.  We snuck into the VIP section at one point and danced around a bit, then left.  Not sure if I would go back here again...try another night when it's less crowded.
4	It's such a hot mess but I still enjoy myself time and time again. The scene might be a little pretentious but who really cares? The atmosphere is great, the people are hot, and everyone has an excuse to put on their ultra sexy-slightly slutty outfit and strut their stuff.If clubs were men and I was a gold-digger I'd be totally using and abusing this man all night. I'd have him wine and dine the bejesus out of me (all night ;D).
5	All these poor souls had to wait hours to get in only to be turned back due to their poor choice of attire.  Dirty shoes, collared shirt, etc.  I got there a bit early at 9:30 pm and was the first to walk through the doors with my t shirt and blazer and nice kenneth cole shoes.  The club was everything i expected!  HOT HOT women with a very diverse crowd.  Everyone was dressed well and friendly.  Drinks were strong and the bartenders kept it flowing!!  I'd definitely go here again!
2	So crowded...so hot! I knew we were in for it when we both caught ourselves pushing people off us so we can dance. It's sexy and hot. Tao Beach had more room but you're hot with all the hot people of Vegas. I'm glad we didn't have to wait in line long...eat at the Bistro and get the stamp.  I think it would be cooler if it had 50000 more feet to share but, then that would mean they would let 1 million more people in.
1	I know "Tao" is a word and not an acronym for something. BUT if it was an acronym, it would stand for "Tacky And Overrated."There's nothing remotely special about this club! I don't understand what the hype is all about! I felt like I was at a club back in San Jose. Well, I wouldn't go that far, but it comes close! The place is too dark, extremely cramped and crowded, and not worth your time.This was my first visit to Tao and it'll be my last. If you've never been here before and are thinking about going here just to say that you partied at Tao, don't do it. Party elsewhere.
4	Just like every other club in Vegas, it's going to be overpriced and overpacked but this place still sits on top of my list. Why? The venue is large and there's actually room to walk and dance! Wow. That coming from a club? What a surprise!Of all the times I've been here, the staff has been A LOT better than other clubs. I've just come to the conclusion that going to clubs in Vegas is like going to the DMV. They can treat you like shit because they know you HAVE to go inside. I'll be back.
3	Tao was honestly what I'd expect from the average club scene.  Crowded, stuffy, barely any room to move or breathe.  I can't even stay in one spot without being pushed to the opposite side.  Not to mention the annoying security people who were strict as hell.  Who likes to go to clubs and having somebody constantly tell you to stop this or don't do that or move aside?  We weren't near half drunk yet so imagine if we were completely drunk.  They almost kicked out my friend but found another kid to kick ass (literally).  Drinks were ridiculously expensive but then again, who are we kidding, its vegas!  I won't deny it, girls in bathtubs and girls in shorts & shirt one second, bra & panties the next second totally does it for me.  Certain aspects make me want to come back, but for now, I think I will look around and try other places before I come back.
4	The only reason Tao lost its fifth star is because of the last time I went.  I unfortunately decided it would be a good venue to celebrate New Years at which turned out to be the most crowded place on the strip. The crowds had gathered to see how tight of a dress Mariah Carey would attempt to squeeze into for the celebration. I'm fairly certain it was made out of spandex and lycra and unfortunately for all of us looking up at her on the stage we had too good of a view of her thick legs.The club itself is huge and has enough rooms, nooks, and areas to walk around, dance, and whatever else you go to a nightclub for.  The drinks are overpriced but what isn't on the Vegas strip. I've been to multiple clubs on the strip and have always been most impressed by Tao.  Drink before you go and your bar tab shouldn't be too much.  Also if you're with a group of guys this is the only bar that actually uses a line and goes in order instead of oh you have hot girls you can come in first.
1	This club is just sad.  Not only do you need to have a female companion to get in.  You are pretty much trying to hook up in front of Buddhist religious statues.  It is almost the equivalent of thinking dirty thoughts in church or using the cross as a sexual instrument.  I guess when it comes debasing Asian culture, it is perfectly alright.  Whorentialism displayed by Richard Wolf and Marc Packer, the owner of Tao, is disgusting.This is also why I don't like Hollywood culture.  All the celebs thinks this place is so cool.  I guess you can't blame them, when they jump from one religion to another like a whore, My next club is going to be call Confession Box it will pimped out with crosses of Jesus and Bible verses in the bathroom.Also, I'd like to add that as a person of Asian decent, I am really astonished and disappointed by all the Asians that I see walking out this place.  I mean "ain't anything sacred anymore".  I mean - a white man is whore your culture out and you pay him to experience it.  Not that if the owner was Asian will make it right.
2	Concept clubs suck.  If the club wasn't so $$$ (and for no good reason except showing off which is tacky) and there weren't so many douchebags herding like cattle and the sound system was better and there were more airholes to breath from and the theme wasn't a wierd played out Eastern religious motif (and I can imagine offensive to some), this place might be ok for a minute.  But it's not - so a rare 2 stars from me - for effort.  I got in for free and walked the perimeter and said "let's blow this popsicle stand".  There was a line of people wrapped around the escalator and I felt embarrassed for them.  Seriously, I've had funner dance parties in my living room.  They should open up a club called Humanity and let only "ugly" people in to dance with elephants and giraffes and just serve PBR in cans.
4	I hate TAO. People are packed in like sardines. I dislike using generic similes, but unfortunately this phrase is a scarily accurate description of the club. The entire expanse of the gigantic venue has people PACKED IN LIKE SARDINES. Or cattle.Between the lounge room, the huge central area, Tao Beach and the dance floor on the first floor, traffic control is a pain in the rear. To get to the bathroom, you have to go out the door, down the hall, past the bar, up the stairs. To get to the exit, you have to go down the stairs, around the corner, down some more stairs, jostle past random dancing hos, past the line and out the door.When requesting for bottle service, you get a condescending "Sweetie, this is Tao on a holiday weekend you're looking at a 3-4 bottle minimum." A table would have redeemed it all, I wanted one so bad. Unfortunately, a group rolling 5 deep and saddled with a $2000 bill does not equal acceptable! I hate Tao!!PS. Drinks at the bar are CHEAP!! $12 for anything you can name: Bellini, Grey Goose/Cran, Jack/Coke, dirty  martini. For bottle service, the cheapest offering is Ketel One Vodka for $450, which is about $75 more than the average club price.Hotel guests have priority at the door. The organization of entrance policy should be considered an art form.If you avoid the main room with the capacity problem, it should be a decent night. That, or getting your own table.
1	Tao Nightclub deserves this 1 star, but it's also getting 1 start to outweigh the review that my friend posted for a 4 star review.....but he can't count his experience!!!  He had an all expenses paid trip to LV and all drinks were paid for at Tao by Virgin Airlines and not to mention it was on a Wednesday night!!  Seriously!  Tao is COMPLETELY overrated.  The dance floor is tiny, there are columns in the way so you can't even people watch if you are one of the wall flowers, the bartenders (male and female) are REALLY bitchy and the service is terrible.  The millions of buddha faces start to look scarey after awhile and the atmosphere is stuffy.  No me gusta!  Pure is a MILLION times cooler than this place.  I went twice and haven't returned, I'll leave it for the celebrities who are paid to be there or my friends who get free trips to Vegas and free drinks at Tao! ;)
4	I love Tao.  Nice crowd.  Nice venue.  Nice bartenders.  Nice bouncers.  Everyone here is so accomodating.  Anyway, I am removing a star because the dance floors were small.  However, the venue was so big that you can pretty much dance anywhere.  It's also convenient that in the summer, you have access to Tao Beach where it's nice and airy.  Too bad it's still too hot, but if it were late September or early October, Tao Beach wouldn't be bad.   It's also interesting that if you're sober, which I was one of the times I came here, that the design is catchy.  The Far Eastern theme was nice, and so were the ladies that were part of it.  I think if you were to choose a club in Vegas, Tao should be one of your primary choices.
3	too dark, too loud, and too expensive.yes, we got in for free with no wait.. but that hardly counteracted the poorly-lit walkways and disgusting $18 drinks. we danced on a few tables, threw back a few cocktails and took some pictures. i only suggest coming here if you plan on booth service.. otherwise it's a waste of time and money.
3	I have been to TAO twice. The first time was a few years back for my girl's bachelorette party. We had a hot group of 20+ and 1 token gay guy. We naturally skip the line and head straight to the bouncer, he lets all of us in right away for free! Woohoo! I really like this venue, it's got this hip zen feel and there are smoking hot women in tubs filled with water and rose petals. It was a FAB night - great friends, good music, free flowing drinks and lots of dancing. The crowd was full of beautiful people too!-------------The second time here was last year with my sister, hubby, bro-in-law and friend. They would not let my bro-in-law in because he was wearing sneakers! It was annoying! He decided to gamble as we went in. The music sucked - the dj was not on point! It was all such a disappointment this time around.
2	i was here in january during a work event, but our hosts were pretty rude and i didn't feel like we were taken care of as most places i've had bottle service.
3	I had a host get me and my party in without waiting in line, which was great. I felt sorry for the people that actually waited in the ginormous line and the chaotic mass of people at the front of the line trying to be somebody to get in.Once in, I realized that I missed the memo that the night I went was a Persian party and I'm not Persian. Even though the place is gigantic, it was still packed and hard to manuever around. At times it felt like I was at a rave with techno music, people pushing, and drunkards unable to walk without spilling their drinks onto you. We left soon afterwards. I'll give it another chance on a regular night.
2	Tao was so lame.  It was way too crowded, no room to dance or simply walk past.  I saw very few hot guys, mostly a bunch of corny ass dudes.  If you go, get extremely faded beforehand so you don't notice how lame it is when you walk in.  On the bright side, if you're a hot girl you'll get in free.
1	Tao-nice concept, but falls away from its meaning..I would have to agree with most people on this review on Tao Nightclub, Dont waste your time or Money on this place!!!Long lines and once you get inside you have to hike up some stairs or wait in line for the elevator. It is waaaaaaay too crowded you cant dance without hitting/bumping into someone. The drinks are waaay too pricey. Its way to hyped and its not worth anyones time/money..you name it!also, not to mention if you parked in the garage prepare yourself for a long hike to the nightclub.
3	Definitely gets a 3rd star simply cuz we only had to wait about 15 minutes to get in on a Saturday nite. Then again, guys had to pay $30 to get in. It was nice to check out the club and the hype surrounding it. I normally don't do clubs, but I went with my gf and a few couples. Definitely more walking room that PURE, but there appeared to be less bars. But I felt bad for those that had table service, they appeared they didn't really have much sitting room or privacy.Music could've been better, PURE gets the nod for having excellent DJs. But we didn't get ripped off on our drinks, reasonable prices. For my single male friends, the girls covered in petals in the bathtubs are very attractive. Definite eye candy, but you'll likely be staring with other single guys too, hehe. Overall, I'd probably go again if I went with a group and there was a DJ headlining it.
3	Good grief, could this place be even more crowded.  My gfs and I decided to stop by after going to the OG because I had gotten some VIP passes and we wanted to check out what all the hype was about.  We stood in one of the 3 lines for about 40 minutes before getting in.  First, we had to walk by the crowded lounges, then up the stairs to the even more crowded dance floor.  There was barely any room to dance, so we only ended up staying for about a half an hour.  Interesting side entertainment though- the dancers, sax player, girl in the bathtub, and two girls giving back rubs to each other.  We couldn't quite pin point the purpose of some of them, but amusing nonetheless.
4	This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas!  Some areas are REALLY dark though, so it can get a little treacherous.  Our group got separated a few times.  The main dance floor can be super crowded on a Sat night.  There's a bazillion different areas where people have bottle service.  The security guards will hunt down anyone that is pointed out by those with bottle service, and bring them over to say hello.  Practical Tip: if you're staying at the Venetian, they will put you on the list, with a call to the concierge.  if you're a chick, dress to emphasize your best assets and you will get in quicker.
3	Tao Nightclub is probably one of the nicest clubs in Vegas. But, there's a lot of stuff going on EVERYWHERE and a lot of side entertainment. It's too dark and too crowded. I couldn't walk through the aisles without bumping into other people. I mean, yeah, I like going to clubs where there's a lot of people, but this was TOO CROWDED and right away I felt like leaving. There was barely any room to dance.
4	I'm only giving Tao 4 stars because for some odd reason, for the many, many, many times I have been to Vegas, this is always the first club I hit. Why? I have no freakin' idea.Oh wait I do know why. Everytime I have been to Tao, I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes in line and have been glisted or just got in for free. I know the damn layout of the place like the back of my butt. LOL! Sure it gets super crowded but that's when you leave and go to the next party right?!?!1 star off for the last time I was there and it took us almost 20 minutes to get drinks. Bartenderman was hookin' up these guidos that were all shiny and glittery (I guess he thought they had money) before anyone else and at the end the guidos didn't even have enough money to cover their order!
3	Tao is still one of my favorite clubs in town.  I love the atmosphere and the girls in the tubs, the Buddhas, the music.  I had friends staying at the Venetian this particular night and they got on the list through the concierge so no line or wait.  The place can get pretty packed, especially the main floor.  This particular night we stayed in the smaller room and we're lucky enough to catch the attention of some gentlemen early on in a seated area and the rest is history.  A place to sit when needed and endless Grey Goose and cranberry juice for the remainder of the night.  I love generous out-of-towners!  The bathrooms are cool but I'm not a huge fan of having to climb the stairs to use them and I have been witness to the frost not activating and some poor drunk girl didn't realize it.  Not pretty.
2	Tao is pretty cheese.   If there's anything to admire about it, that would be its tasteless and unapologetic exploitation of women and Buddhism.  No points for originality there, but well done exploitation, we'll give it that.  Models in quasi-meditative poses adorn various wall niches and hallways, and they rotate out frequently, giving the place a surreal endless-museum quality because they've changed by the time you come back that way.   Rose petal bath, always a favorite, although any religious reference is lost on me.   I think they should let drunk clubers sign up to use the bath; that would be even better.  As a bar or dance club it pretty much sucks.  Music was loud and fast although I did not observe any space large enough for normal people to dance.   Drink service was hostile and expensive but that seems typical for the see and be seen category.   That's all Tao is, apparently; a place for spenders and celebrities to be admired in the dark while drinking the same spendy champagne and talking to the same people they talk to everywhere else.  Not even close to worth the long line.  When I visited, the line was hours long, close to filling the lobby.   Fortunately (and uncharacteristically) I was connected that day, and was able to skip that line, check it out, and make room for some sad sightsuckers who had to wait and pay.
4	Ok so of all the clubs i went to in vegas, (tryst, tao and pure) this is my favorite!!! Of course we did not wait in line or pay so that always makes it much funner! But hey when you got a group of 7 hot looking girls, what can i say!!  jkAnyways, the girls in the bathtubs in the front, hmm.. kinda weird, but also kinda cool. drinks were decently priced, not too long to get them either. The club is big, lots of rooms. And let me tell you the bathrooms inside the club on the 2nd floor are very NICE!! They are managed very well too. There is a line, but it goes fast, they have someone who checks each bathroom before you go in to make sure it is clean. The bathroom itself was beautiful, i guess i am use to the typical club bathroom, pee all over the floor, toilet paper everywhere, stinky, but these bathrooms were top notch i would wait in line to use it!! Sorry i went off on the bathrooms, but hey that is a very important part of any club.  We went upstairs to tao beach as well, and that place is gorgous as well. Good atmosphere, good music!! Loved this club.Now minus one star because come on cant a girl just post somewhere without being shoved on all the time. If you do not have a vip section, then there really is no place to just sit down and get off your feet for awhile!! It is horrible, every time you stop just to chill, a bouncer comes along and moves you along!! other than that the club was great!!
4	Came here for a bachelor party.  From what I remember everybody had a great time.  Bottle service is the way to go here.  You get your own staff and they take good care of you throughout the night.  A couple bachelorette parties joined us as well as some random girls your security guy will float by.  The crowd was fun, the dj was on point (with great acoustics I might add), and we had room to dance and mingle.  One of the better clubs in the area.  And to those complaining about exploitation, um... THIS   IS   VEGAS!(*in my best Sparta voice)
4	after a fantastic dinner at tao, we lined up at the guestlist line for the nightclub. the line went by so quickly, but i felt like the regular line was shorter than the guestlist line. since we ate at tao before the club, we got to fall in line onto the guestlist line. a couple friends of ours didn't have dinner with us, and stood in the regular line, which was shorter. i for sure thought he would get in before us. i was wrong. we got in almost right away. out of our party of 14, only 3 of the guys had to pay (i love being a girl!), which was totally fine. it was so nice in there! and spacious. i do wish the dancefloor had more space. LOVE the bathrooms! private and clean. the bar doesn't have many bartenders (you'd think there'd be more, since there's so much space back there) so you get your drinks so slowly. the bouncers are all really nice, they lit up the floor for me every time i was passing. if it weren't for one of them, i would've stepped on a glass and for sure would've fallen on my ass! the drinks are good, and not as expensive as i thought. for 5 cocktails and 1 beer, my brother in law paid $42. not too shabby, right? i was expecting it to be way more than that. the music was great! i didn't heard one song that made me cringe, and the djs had us dancing all night! forget about going if you're a big group of dudes, they need a good ratio of girls to guys. things can get pretty cramped in there, but for being one of the best clubs in vegas (in my opinion, it's so worth it). i had such a great time at tao, i'd recommend it to everyone.
2	A simple pros/cons review.PROS:1. Attentive vip entrance (I waited less than a minute)2. Lavish and fun service 3. Size/layout4. Multiple music channels in well separated areas5. Sexy staff.CONS:1. The hallway monitors are worse than Catholic private school.  I nearly got tazered for helping the beautiful girl I met pick up her dropped clutch in between rooms.2. The main dance floor had a circa 1997 rave going on with B-list celebrity hosts.3. The design theme is generic and not well suited for the Venetian.  What was there concept meeting like?"We've all seen pretty girls in rose petal bath tubs lining the entrance to some disco.. right?  But never before have you seen 16 BATH TUBS!!!We've all seen a candle light lit Buddha head in a bar.. yeah.. you with me??  BUT - NOT - A - HUNDRED CANDLE LIT BUDDHA HEADS!!!".    whooooaaa there Waste Yonivich!Yeah for excess!  It's Vegas.  We built this shit! I get it.. really.. the magnitude of architectural achievements (and buffets at the Wynn) is what we all come for, but that doesn't excuse you (TAO owners) of your responsibility to keep it creatively bewildering.  Next time, hire a young designer- with his/her imagination still intact.PURE is always more fun, and has a MUCH sexier, better dressed crowd.  You just may want to avoid the main dance floor... (read my review of PURE)Be Well!The X
3	This place was soooo crowded and I hated being told by the staff people to always keep moving and never stop anywhere but we did get in free (right away) and they were very nice about showing us directly to the tables where the VIP party was and they took us up in the elevator.  However, once in the VIP section, I could not believe it was a VIP section because it was so freakin' crowded.  I think there were more "VIPs" than there were other people.  The dance floor was very tiny even though the dance music they played was actually pretty alright.  I am not a clubby person but I do think I would have liked this place if it had not been so packed.  The bottle service is good, too, but I can really only say that because I didn't pay for it.  I am really glad I didn't pay for anything here because, if I had, I think I would have been really disappointed.
3	Ugh... so I love TAO, but I have to lower my rating. I LOVE LOVE the music and the club itself, but damn they really need to improve on their bouncers and the amount of people they let in. The bouncers are all assholes, and even though I can see from their point of view how they feel since people are trying to get into TAO without following the rules (1:1 girl/guy ratio, black shoes, etc), I still feel like they need to lighten up. Whenever I am in line for TAO, I feel under pressure and like I am trying to pass boot camp to get in.Also, it is WAY too crowded inside. There is literally no open space whatsoever. You literally have to squeeze through people just to walk around the club, and dancing is very difficult to do.I don't know why they just don't control the amount of people they let in. Cause come on, the club is actually really really big inside. But even as I walked out at 2AM with the club being already overcrowded, there was still a huge line outside and they were still letting people in.uGHH so no matter how much I like the club, I am really hesitating to ever go back.
1	I inquired about reserving a table for my daughter's 21ST birthday.  For 13 people, they require me to purchase a minimum of 5 bottles of wine at $350 per bottle plus 20% service charge on a Friday night.  This would include entrance for the group, the table for the night, the bottles of our choice, mixers (excluding red bull and bottled water which are extra) and a cocktail server to assist with making your drinks. Are you effing kidding me?  5 bottles of wine for 13 people!!!  I want my daughter and her friends to have fun, not become drunken bi&*%es and a$$*%les!!!!  (Maybe it's because I don't drink, so it just seems like a lot of alcohols.)   She is turning 21, not 41!!! Geesh!
2	Hmmmmm..I did enjoy the fact that my girls and I got vip access to get into the club within 5~10 minutes instead of the dreaded 2+ hour wait.  Still, I don't see what the hype is all about.  Wayyyyyy too crowded!  Can't move around much let alone dance.  And the hip hop that they were playing were reminiscent of my mp3 playlist from 5~10 years ago.  Don't the DJs at Tao have any updated music???Decor and Atmosphere of the place was grand and very over-the-top.  It's Vegas, indeed.I can't hate.  My first experience at Tao was personally very fun.  But I would have to give 80~90% of that credit to my girlfriends~! =D
3	If you want to go to a club to be packed like a sardine on party nights, this is the place to go.  Music was cool, the chicks on the upper level were cool, but nothing really made me want to get my groove on. I'd rather be spending my money somewhere else
4	Finally went to Tao and had my expectations blown away. I expected a long wait, pretentious bouncers, too many people, and mediocre music. We ended up waiting a whole 5 minutes and skipped the crowd because we were staying at the Palazzo, the bouncers were hella chill and joked around with us in line, it wasn't any more crowded than what I'm used to SF, and the music was good, especially when Jamie Foxx showed up and started getting the crowd riled up.  The ratio is very nice too ;)  Tao is a must for clubbing in Vegas!
4	8.1.08 So I finally got to party at Tao. Crowded very crowded. Luckily for us we found a spot near the bar in which we had plenty of space and dancing room.  The restrooms were unique located on second floor where everyone can actually see. When the door is unlock you can see the inside of each stall, but once you lock it the door becomes frosted. So FYI make sure your door is fully locked. Heard a story about a girl who was so drunk she ended up not locking the door and well everyone the whole freaking club saw her pee. Embarrassing! The music was alright and the place was just overly crowded. 3.5 stars if anything.
4	I've only been here a couple of times but I'm glad I was put on the guest list from the Palazzo because it's seems like it would be trouble getting into this place.   I still haven't even seen the whole club.   Once I found a good location at the bar I've planted myself there and as long as I was having a good time having I didn't want to move and lose my spot.  The bartenders and service were good and the drinks were good.
5	awsome club!!!  Great environment, they really decorated the place.  Although it is very crowded, however it is filled with beautiful people. And people there are easy to approach and chat up.  Drinks were ok priced for the club, it is vegas though, so do bring some extra cash for drinks.  Music was good two, theres downstairs lounge area to chit chat, upstairs dance floor area with a VIP section.  then top floor area to hang out and some dancing which was nice.only thing it is crowded, but expect that at most good clubs in vegas.  Enjoy!!
4	Made it down last weekend, when I was in LV.  I had VIP access, so walked right in, and up to a table with some friends, and then went up another floor to a more exclusive party.  (pretty wasted by that point)Loved the club, it was packed with people, but the drink service was awesome, and the club hosts spectacular.  Dancing was fun, although the floor a little crowded.  Great place to people watch. Can't wait to go back.
2	Tao is one of the most beautiful and spacious clubs I have ever been in. Seriously, it is like the best feast for your eyes. In every way this could be a place out of a movie. The cool and trendy Asian fusion inspired place where a major scene occurs. But the thing is, you can't enjoy it at all. The line outside is insane, there must have been 1000 people in line when we got there at 11:30pm. Then we managed to cut the line due to the "finesse" of some guys we met in the casino. As soon as you get in, you are literally shoulder to shoulder with someone. I guess I'm lucky to be decently tall for an Asian girl, otherwise I might have suffocated in shoulders. Not only that, they totally skimp on the air cond. I mean seriously, Vegas is HOT, the only reason to go clubbing in Vegas, vs the normal home town is that you expect the eye candy to be better and to finally by graced by the presence of being cooled from the heat. But it was cooler outside the club in the middle of summer that is how hot it was. It was so dark and crowded I couldn't make out any candy. Then the dance floor was packed, literally the only thing one could try to do to dance is jump up and down. Lame. The one thing was that the drinks were ok, but drinks can pretty much be ok anywhere you go. I would totally pass on Tao, if it weren't so pretty inside and the music wasn't decent, which it was, I would have given it one star.
2	I didn't love it. It's exactly what you expect from a popular Vegas club given free press because it's frequented by celebrities. Mind you, it is beautiful inside and the drinks are pretty good, but it was overcrowded, the music was average and the line was very long. If you're a guy and you aren't coming with girls or you don't pay the bouncer, forget it.
3	$20 cover for the ladies $30 for the guys!  We were in  group of 5 girls and one guy and we were asked several times by random guys if they could get in line with us. Apparantly, it's easier to get in if you have girls with you....After a loooooong wait in line, we finally got in. I could NOT move an inch on the first floor. The bartenders were fast and efficient but it took almost 15 to get a drink. I was ready to pull my hair out after 15 minutes in there until my fiance suggested we check out the roof area!The Roof  or Tao Beach is Tao's SAVIOR. Still crowded, but danceable, nice breeze, beautiful pools, shorter bar lines! And as an aside, unless you are immune to pain, never never never wear stiletto's or high heeled shoes in vegas. Fortunately I was in flat shoes, but my girls who were dancing combined with the heat and long walks..UGH! not pretty..... hehe.
4	Probably one of the largest and the most popular club in Vegas, even though its 4-5 years old. I always seem to enjoy myself when I'm here..The drinks are pretty expensive, which is expected since we're in Vegas! The club is always packed and the ambience and decor is pretty nice. The dance floor is ALWAYS pack so good luck making way through that dark hole we all call a dance floor. Good place to people watch or watch the dancers in the bathtubs with only pasties on...
5	Ok..I've been to Tao several times over the past few years. It's my favorite nightspot in Vegas and here's why:1. It's located in the Venetian..my favorite hotel!2. It's huge - one main room on the 2nd floor, a smaller lounge room on the the 2nd floor, a lavish rooftop area open during the spring and summer (Tao Beach),  and a lounge on the first floor (part of the restaurant). 3. Bars - lots to choose from! 4. Seating - i'm a girly- girl, i pay the price and wear killer stilettos when I know i shouldn't. So finding places to sit is always good. I usually never have that problem here!5. Bouncers - they're tolerable, unlike most places! I lost my blackberry at Tao during my last romp and kept bugging the heck out of some of the bouncers the rest of the night. I was drunk, and they were nice to me. =) 6. Decor - it's unlike anything you'll see elsewhere. From the giant Buddha statue to the hundred buddha statues behind one of the bars, to the girls sitting in bathtubs full of rose petals. 7. Music - With 3 rooms playing different beats you're bound to find something you like. 8. Bathroom - the ladies' stalls are crazy. Glass doors that fog up when you lock them. You'll have to see it to know what i'm talking about. If the line isn't moving fast enough for you, go downstairs and use the one in the restaurant. Usually there's hardly any wait. 9. Beautiful people - enough said!10. It's a restaurant too! - Make a reservation for dinner and stay til past 10 to get into the club without waiting in the huge line. If you're a group of girls you get into the club easily but they might ask you to pay $20 each. If you're in a mixed group, same deal, just make sure the guys don't outnumber the girls. The only downfall is that its so popular and so it can get REALLY crowded. Be prepared to have drinks splashed and toes stepped on. Just try not to let that get in the way of your fun and you're set!
5	thank you tao for making my night! so some of my co workers just got in vegas for a day for our works tradeshow at caesars. we got ready and headed to christian audigiers club. mind you this is my boss' own night club. The place is small and it was overpacked. Macy Gray was the DJ and did not know how to DJ at all. So we headed out and decided to go to TAO. It was already 1 but the club was poppin still! No charge at all. We stayed till 330. The music was great, good vibes and some cute guys. There were interesting people there but they were no harm (golf player guy holding a box of salt and hippie guy vogueing) Ive been to TAO before and loved it, so this just proves that TAO is my number one vegas club.
2	well, if you're two girls going to Tao, it's cool.  a group needing more girls to get in VIP will usually come up to you.  But the people are somewhat pretentious, drinks-nothing special (as expected in Vegas right?).  And most "rooms" had no room to dance.  I'd say Tao Beach was my least favorite, but if I had a cabana, it would have been a better time...I guess for Vegas, this place is alright.  Decor is nice.  Bathrooms are interesting...you can see through the door from the inside from what I remember. Lots of rooms.  Different music.  I'm guessing celebrities like this place because I did get to dance next to Christian from Project Runway!
1	Usually I hate that you have to rate a place AT LEAST one star b/c really some places should be negative if you ask me. However, this time I don't mind. The decor itself, very nice (hence the one star).  Me and my girls got lucky and got approached by two girls asking to join their group so it worked out for us not paying the cover or having to wait in line. But once inside there was literally nowhere to go!!! We finally found the little room towards the back   and were able to have some space to dance. The whole time I was thinking to myself "OK this place is about 2-3 stars" UNTIL i saw some chick throw her LIT CIGARETTE onto the CARPET. I'm usually not one to play fire marshall but the crowdedness of the place totally got to me. SO i told some waiter guy that the girl through her LIT CIGARETTE onto the carpet and he didn't care. In which i replied "SOOOO THIS PLACE ISN'T GOING to catch on fire."  In which he stepped on the lit cigarette for me.  (k scene -1 star)Walking back to my group some other guy smoking totally almost burned my arm off while he was swinging around his cigarette he was smoking. I don't mind smokers or the occasional one cigarette while drunk but the people here are just ridiculous about it.  If you've read this whole review... wow.. thanks for reading my ramble.. which i guess tends to happen when the boss is out of the office and you can't help but yelp instead of work...
5	Best Night club by far I have ever been to.  They have a great asian theme.  This location is huge,  I have been to two rooms, but I here there are other rooms.  The main room has two bath tubs in the center, with gorgeous and lushes dancer in there, and high up on a ledge you have more beautiful go-go dancers.  This place gives put a great vibe.  The only problem here is that they a very strict on the guy-girl ratio and have crazy long lines.  If you are coming here for a bachelor party, you better think twice or make a lot of security friends.
3	So this was my first time at Tao.  Luckily i met a pretty cool promoter so me and my girlfriends didn't have to wait in any line or pay and we were met outside and walked right in.  The club was beautiful.  It was a pool party theme that night which was cheesy but fun to see that some people got into it. The bar tenders were friendly, and the music playing in all of the different rooms was pretty good.  I didn't like that all of the seating in the club appeared to be V.I.P.  But i still enjoyed myself.  I definitely suggest going there if you are on a guest list and with a group of people so you can do your own thing.  Didn't stay for long left to
1	world's most expensive bathroom!!!if i had to wait in line AND pay the cover charge to get into a club...wait, there's no "if" because that'd only happen over my dead body!!!thankfully, amex concierge service put us on the guests list of the hottest club on the vegas strip, so we cruised through a mile-long line and got to the front in a second.  we debated whether it was worth paying $20 cover, but decided to just pay the due, get drunk and dance our night away.first thing first...empty our bladders so we can drink more.  the ladies bathroom was on 3rd floor and while climbing up the stairs, several of us thought our bladders were about to explode.  the club was packed...butt to butt, boobs to boobs jammed to the point where moving an inch was nearly an impossible mission.  finally, after our deeds, we approached the 1 big rectangular bar to get some drinks.  after 30 minutes of our furious attempts, we gave up.  at this point, we realized that getting to the dance floor would be almost as dangerous as getting thrown into a lion's den.  we inquired about getting a table (minimum charge was like $1000 if not more...f*cking ridiculous) in order to avoid the chaos, but none were available (HA!  some people were just as insane).this club is in serious violations of fire hazard codes.  totally illegal and immoral of them to charge us the cover knowing how crowded the club was!!!  i could see the appeal of this place if girl on girl were my thing (girls in tiny tubs together, massaging each other).not wetting our dresses + inhaling b.o.'s + failure to accomplish our missions (get drunk and dance) = $20 and 30 minutes yeah, f*ck that!!!
2	I just got back from Vegas and had a great time at Tao - nice decor, beatiful people, and fun with friends. However, (this applies only to guys)why I give it such a low rating is that their bouncers and dress code are so whacked. If you look like you're too casual, even with a button down short sleeve shirt, they'll turn you away. If you're wearing brown shoes (Steve Madden), they'll also turn you away. If you don't tuck in your shirt (guys), they'll turn you away. WTF is up with that? Our groups of guys had to go back to the room, change shoes and shirts to go back and wait in line again...I think it's just ridiculous...who goes with tucked in shirts to a night club, I'm not going there for work. Oh in addition, if you go with a bunch of guys, you won't be able to get in unless you get a table/bottle service. They only allow 1:1 ratio of girl to guy or more girls and less guys in your group before they let you in.
2	Enjoy the feeling of being packed like a can of sardines?  Have enough free time to wait in lines even after getting in?  Feel like bumping shoulders, elbows, while on the dance floor?  Like short bouncers with a Napolean complex?  Great!  This is the place for you then!  Pay an extravagant cover fee for the experience!Thank goodness I didn't wait in the hour+ line and got in right away through hookups, otherwise it would've made the experience all the worst.
4	You know what's my pet peeve? People who like to bitch about clubs because they aren't really clubbing types anyways -- because they will always poorly review a club no matter where the location. Or complain that a club is 'pretentious'... because wake up, 99.9% of clubs ARE. Or ESPECIALLY those who complain about being turned back due to their poor dressing habits. I can thank the Bouncers for turning you away, because that's one less grubby kid in the club. When you go clubbing, it's not rocket science to realize that you have to adhere to a dress code. I mean, you don't go to church without wearing your Sunday best. You don't go to work without dressing up in business casual. Why is it people are in such a state of shock when they are turned away when they don't adhere to nightclub etiquette?If the scene is not for you, there are plenty of other places in Vegas you can spend your time at instead of bitchin' and moanin'. Don't be a downer. There's Margarittaville, a plethora of lounges in every single hotel, etc. Go to those places instead. Now that I got this out of my system, Tao is still one of my favorite nightclubs to hit up in Vegas! Even after a few years, it's still just as glamorous and I totally dig the asian influenced decor. If the loud music is a bit much for you and you want to cool off a bit from inebriation, Tao Beach upstairs is a chill place to hang out. Tao Beach upstairs is also a fun place. I always have an excellent time here with my friends.The only disappointment about this place is it is always insanely packed. Since it is one of the most popular clubs in Vegas, it can get very crowded, so it may be difficult to find room to dance. But when you do, it's fun because the people here are pretty smokin'.One of the best clubbin' moments is getting a table at Tao. Verrry nice, and comfy.  And having room to dance was never a problem.
5	You guys who got turned away have a right to be upset. That girl below who is defending the club for the dress code has no clue. The issue here isn't the dress code in fact. You guys were probably turned down because 1) you came in a group of guys only and/or 2) they don't respect you. I've seen tons of white guys get in without adhering to the dress code. These bouncers look at you guys and make up their mind in three seconds whether or not they want to let you in. If you are not white, that's a minus. If you're not getting a table, that's a minus. If you don't look like you'll be tipping them, that's a minus. Officially, assuming you are a guest in the hotel or know someone who can get you in that line, if you are the only ones in line and they ask if you're on the guest list, that's a clue they don't want you there. If you pass that, you'll just get more problems. Like you need to have a 1:1 ratio, shoes, shirts, etc. I went once and went straight to the hotel line. There were three guys in front of me. These guys were dark skinned Indian and Arabic guys. Officially, they thought I was with them and had to leave because those three and me didn't have a button down shirt. I told them I was by myself and I knew I was good to go. They only discriminate because they thought those guys were foreign terrorists or something. Another time I went, a black girl I knew thought she had a table. As soon as the waiters figured she wasn't good for a big tip, they asked the whole party to walk outside for a second. They then told them good night. This club is basically for Asian guys who want to be cool and will end up spending a lot of money on tables when the irony is that Asian girls come there to be hit on and to hit on white guys. I'm white and know the things that come with being white, but still, Asian guys are better off as soon as they know what Tao is all about.
4	I like the decor and the buddha statues.  I like the naked girls in the tubs at the cave entrance.  I like how strong the alcohol is.  I like the main dance floor and how everybody is getting jiggy with it.I like how the bathroom doors are clear and then are opaque when you lock it.  I like the DJ, keep spinnin that music.  I like the red/dark lighting - it's good for Asian glow.
4	So prior to going here, I did my research about the clubs in vegas. It was gonna be my first time at any club on the strip so I wanted to make sure everything would go well for the evening. I found some website (napkin nights) that put you on the guestlist for various clubs so I signed up, but still wary. Luckily, my friend was walking at the Venetian earlier in the day and some guy who was a host at Tao approached her and asked if she wanted to be on the guestlist for that night. TIP: I don't trust those people out on the sidewalk with guest passes to all the clubs in vegas, try to find someone who works for the club directly. And make sure you have equal guy to girl ratio in your party.So the host told us to be in line at 10:00pm. We only waited about 15 minutes before getting in so we felt like celebrities haha. It was pretty empty, but the dance floor and the bar was ours. We took advantage of this because before you know it, there's 10000000000 million sweaty people around you. All you had to do was stand still on the dancefloor and let everybody else dance around you and you were practically swaying along too. Even though my friends and I weren't able to sit, we had a blast. We left around 1:30am and people were still trying to get in. I wouldn't want to go back anytime soon. Unless someone is gonna get bottle service and invite me haha
2	Despite the 30-min wait to get bottle service and a table, Tao underscores big time. We decided to leave after just 15 minutes inside. It was way too crowded and sweaty. People were good looking and very well dressed, but it still wasn't fun. And what is up with the girls bathing in rose pedals... and the drunk guys who jumped in...
5	I went there twice this week for parties and i have to say i was really impressed! The food was good and the drinks weren't watered down! The drinks were all free and the server always had me another drink within 2 minutes of me finishing last. Dance floor does get alittle crowded but that's anyplace.
3	For a Night Club and a crowded restaurant, the food is quite good. desserts are excellent, the drinks suck but who goes there for the drinks..if you get my driftWe had dinner there and while you have to wait for a long time even though you reserve a table, the value for money factor is indeed there.
3	we told them we were on guestlist but they didnt seem to care.  then we all paid $20 including girls even though there was no one inline.  it turns out if you stay at the venetian you dont have to pay.  inside the club was pretty crowded though.  the booty shaking girls were pretty impressive and the ones massaging each other were too.  the buddhas all over the place were a bit creepy to me but i dont think others mind as much.they make you walk all the way upstairs to where they usually have tao beach in the daytime.  it s a nice spot.  except for the ugly plastic covering some construction they have going on.  we sat on the couches but they wouldnt let us sit for long because they were bottle service couches.i think different rooms play different music.  it rains down foam in the main room which i think is yucky.  i was walking around with a drink and some girl bumped into me.  my straw went up my nose.  and it started bleeding.  then i coughed up the blood.  dont worry im ok.  ha
4	So I'm back to the gamut of Las Vegas reviews from this past fun weekend.    First off - I'm So lucky to have sweet girlfriends' that got the hookup over here!    I've been there about 3 times so I can affirm that the vibe and crowd is pretty consistent.    Good music and lots of room to frolic around. What's funny is when I went to club Tao on 09-13-08, Jamie Foxx was hosting the party.    He was pretty annoying though as he kept interrupting the DJ's mixes and adding his own rhymes.     And his 'hype man' (ass kisser) kept interrupting as well:  'Jaime Mothafuckin Foxx is in tha house!'  - expecting all of Us to holler in jubilation.    After the 5th shout out though,  it got damn annoying!    Later, two days later, when I'm back in Los Angeles, I'm watching the Fox TMZ late show and they show Jamie Foxx on that same night I was there dancing in the background and were analyzing and commentating:   " we caught Oscar winner Jamie Foxx  partying with the 'B' crowd at Club Tao Vegas. "     Thanks, asswipes!     Lol!
5	I Have been here before a couple times over the past few years.  with that being said, I wasn't too excited to go when I learned our friend wanted to go for her party.  My past experiences were very unmemorable-  fighting crowds everywhere, no place to dance, huge lines for drinks, no place to get some air, etc.  Wow, how things have changed!  With Tao beach now opened on the roof top-it's like a whole new club (I'm sure this is old news for a few of you).  Tao beach seemed suprisingly pretty big-tons of places to move, hang out, dance, talk to girls (FYI gents- the ratio at TAO is still tops... ...went to TRYST the night after-dudes and ugly broads everywhere).  Since they have the roof open now, it alleviates all the pressure from downstairs... ..so taking a few "laps" in the main room was enjoyable as well.  So if your looking for a club that has the proper ratio, good looking girls, places to move/dance/cool-down/and chat.... ...I must say, as a former "TAO hater," this spot is now official.
4	I hadn't been to Tao in a while and I didn't think I'd enjoy my time here, but I was able to get me and my friends easy through a promoter I met and thought to check it out since we were staying at the Palazzo.  The last time I had gone here before, I thought it was overrated.  But this time, my experience, as well as for my friends (8 others) was memorable.  We quickly got in through the guest list line (took less than 5 minutes as promised) and was escorted to the Tao Beach portion.  It is very Miami-ish.  It had a view of the Palazzo and featured fresh outdoor air.  There is a new tower being built right behind, so they had a Tao banner to try to distract away from it.  The bathroom was far from the main area.  But the bar service was great and the dance area was packed and fun.  We then went to the main portion of the Tao nightclub - the area was still popular and crowded.  The dance floor was packed like sardines, but for girls it was easy to navigate through.  There was 1 main bar area and another bar area towards the back. We were able to access VIP by people we had met, so the bars were easy to reach.I really liked that there was the beach area and the main club area and that both were fun, exciting, and enjoyable.  If you've been here in the past and have a misconception that it is over-rated, check it out again and it might just change your mind :)
4	GOOD- Ratio control, big, Tao Beach, and once again not a sausage fest....BAD-Crowded, not enough quality control (too many GP's), dude's with no game hollerin (alot of "hey ma what's your name)Overall I would go back if I were with my buddies since the guy/girl ratio is good (even). If i were with female friends (which I was this time) I wouldn't due to the goon's who think they have game tryin to holler all night hahahahaha
4	Good times!!  we got hooked up with no line and no cover!!  Tao beach upstairs was pretty cool...awesome music!  I liked the music downstairs but it had a few sketchy moments!  We saw Lawrence Fishburne from the Matrix chillin in the VIP area, asked for a pic and he turned us down!! Lame!  Pretty crowded but since we were dancing on the bar area between vip and the main floor we didn't notice.  Drinks were good...average vegas prices.  Good mixed crowd.  Will definitely go back again!
2	What can I say...... For this to be one of the best clubs in Vegas it didn't do much for me...... They were doing way too much when then made this one. The music was good but it was so crowded that you couldn't even dance. I'm short so it's not fun being mushed in a crowd of tall people trying to shake their butts. I didn't really drink much but I'm assuming their drinks were strong seeing that my home girl was tore up and she drinks like a man.... Well at least I can say been there done that, and don't plan on going back!
2	Tao nightclub sits on Las Vegas' armpit...You can get lost by wandering the multi-level dance floors and admire the Buddhist inspired yet commercialized art work but after a couple hours you feel like you're inside a whale's stomach and just kinda have to sit and wait until the huge blub throws you up. The pounding music, lights, soup lines forming up and down the stairs will "get" to you. Overdone, overwhelming and a place that leaves the bitter after vodka taste in your mouth
4	So I got to come to Tao Nightclub on the night that Janet Jackson was having her private party. It was pretty damn cool, I'm not gonna lie. I felt like I was a celebrity! This nightclub is HUGE. I almost got lost in here too. The decor is aesthetically pleasing and the music is bumping and the crowd is gorgeous. You can get in Tao without paying or waiting in line if you eat dinner at the Tao restaurant beforehand (which I don't see why you wouldn't considering how freakin' amazing the food is?!).
3	Tao...the professional reviewers stated this place cost 25 million dollars to build.  When you first walk in to this place it is quite impressive.  The naked girls getting pruney in the bathtub with candles is a nice touch.  The giant Buddha insulting all Buddhist is quite ridiculous considering Buddha is a god in some religion put in place were debauchery is taken place at the utter most decadence.  Again, I digress.  The place is huge with two main rooms, one is over stuff with high ceilings, and the other is over stuff with little AC, take your pick.  The music was jamming, the mixes were on point.  The crowd is your typical Vegas crowd mixed in with your "I travel in a bunch Asian Night" - p.s. I am so over that scene....yes I am Asian and I am over the whole Asian scene.  However, this place is pretty mix and we did have a good time, I would consider going back only with VIP, I am not sure how anyone could wait in that line.  It is insanely long.
1	Want to imagine what sardines in a can feels like? Yeah, that's Tao.Now, before all of you start protesting that we should've dropped $$ on table service and whatnot, I should mention that table service would've made no difference whatsoever in my review of this nightclub. Read on, and observe.We get there at 10:30 because the guy that "essentially runs the place" had put me on the guestlist (to quote my good friend, "A vagina gets you anywhere in Vegas" - so true). Pretentious bouncers (+1 for bouncer "Vanilla Ice" who obviously was not as cool as the other guys, but trying to act like it) wouldn't let us in because we had a bad ratio (5:3), which is understandable. What is NOT understandable is that all the lines were guestlist only until at least midnight, even though the guestlist line was about the length of my foot. So even though there were maybe 50 people in line, we were basically told we wouldn't be let in even if we waited in the regular admission line (which there wasn't any), EVEN if all the guestlist line emptied up. So the two guys in our party sacrificed themselves to go gamble in the casino, and consequently won a couple hundred bucks while we were stuck waiting in a line with some pretentious jacka-er, bouncer, running the 10 people line.Once inside, the place was SO packed there were sweaty elbows pushing up against me while trying to get to the bathroom. It didn't help that there was some beached whale of a girl trying to block our way through the crowd because she was convinced we were cutting (into what, the dance floor?) so that we could finally go to the bathroom. Took forever to get a drink, and to top it off, drinks were weak (and I'm a 3-shot limit girl). Music was pretty good, but the dance floor was PACKED. I've been in my fair share of packed dance floors, but the two tiny dancefloors here weren't even big enough for 100 people. Seems like Tao spent all their money on the decor and half-naked chicks, but forgot to build a large enough dancefloor.So to get back to the earlier table service comment - if we had dropped $2k on three bottles of alcohol, we STILL would've not had a space to dance in. What's the point of spending $$ in a club, only to not be able to move around? If I wanted to sit and drink, I would've gone to a lounge.Supposedly our night would've been better if Tao Beach had been open, but seeing as how the only way I would go back is if JT became my bestie and convinced me to go with him, I won't be testing out that theory anytime soon.My friend and I pretty much had it with this place after 20 minutes, and left the club. Since we had gotten the stamp, we decided to come back later at about 2am to see if it got any better, and guess what? It didn't. Still as packed, still as full of creeps, and still as much suck as before.So if you're here with a bunch of girls only, give it a shot since you won't have to wait in line or pay cover. But if you're a bunch of guys trying to hit on girls to join the line with you, don't bother. Take your hard-earned cash and go hit up another club. Normally I'd recommend table service to get in to a club, but please take your $2k and go to Tryst and enjoy a night of fun there.p.s. best lie of the night? "We're the #1 nightclub in Vegas, and Tryst is #2." Yeah...just you wait, "Vanilla Ice", just you wait.
4	Went about a month ago with bottle service.  We got right in.  We had 6 guys total, no girls.  We had no choice... No regrets.  All of us thought it was worth it.  The bill came out to about 150$ each for us, but considering we skipped the line and got in with a booth, AND got 2 bottles - it was worth it. The bottle service was great.  The server stood next to our tables constantly, so whatever we needed, ice, cups, napkins, etc... she would give to us right away. This is the nicest, most elegant clubbing experience I've had.  Granted, I've only clubbed in the northwest, this was amazing.  Everyone was dressed up and all the girls were lookin hot... it was great.The only problem I had with this club was that the dance floor is tiny.  We went on a Friday night and the place was packed - too packed. I would've enjoyed it much more if the dance floor were bigger... If you're in Vegas... definitely hit it up.  When I go to Vegas again, I'll definitely go here again...
4	This place is a classic vegas nightclub.  Get on the list, bring good looking women, and tip well for better drinks.  Complainers are most likely cheap, ugly, or dudes.Also, go early, get stamped, go gamble, and walk right in later at night.
4	The club is PACKED, the music is HOT, and the line to the ladies room is RIDICULOUS x100. It's Vegas AND Tao is one of the top clubs on the strip- what else would you expect?The music is mostly hip hop with a splash of top 40 and rock classics (Queen, Joan Jett, etc). The last time I went, it was good. This time, we were unlucky to hear the playlist twice! Ew, clubs should never EVER replay songs over and over in the same night.As for the drinks, stick to shots. Regular mixed drinks are pretty disappointing. My ketel one-tonic was like 95% tonic. If you're in for the long haul, go for table service so you'll have strong drinks + somewhere to sit and rest the tired feet.It can be pain to walk up/down 2 flights of stairs, especially if you're stuck behind slow drunk people or people who stop to take pictures on the stairs every 5 steps.Highlight of the night: Seth Macfarlane doing a musical number (celebrating his Birthday).
4	I came last Saturday for a friend's bachelor party.  They got a cabana outside at Tao Beach.  I personally like the atmosphere outside more, but I prefer the music inside, so I'm alwayz torn coming here.  I wish they played hip hop outside longer cuz I would stay outside the whole entire time.  That being said, the the inside area is fun, but I can never move on the dance floor.  You end up really hot and sweaty after a couple of songs!  Otherwise, this place normally has really fun people and great music.
4	"Gotta keep walking, can't stand here" was all I heard from the bouncer as I waited for our friend to come outside and get us. The bouncer walked over to me, asked if we had any girls, I mentioned inside and he told me he couldn't let parties of guys in. In that same moment, my friend walked outside tapped him on the shoulder and told us to follow him. When he saw who my friend was the bouncer right away apologized, however still completely unacceptable. Make sure you have a table or get stamped before going in, earlier on in the evening. Had a great party inside where the table was, and an even better time outside in the cabana. One of the best clubs in Las Vegas, just got to make sure you got your $hit together before bothering to get in line.
4	This was my very first Las Vegas club experience.  Me and my friends (a group of 6 guys, 4 girls) were able to get in right away.  No guest list.  No VIP.  We just walked up and were able to cut in front of the line, which was pretty long already.  LUCKY!The music was hot, the drinks were strong, the dancefloor was kind of small and packed, but that's all right.  I had an awesome time at Tao and would definitely go back.
2	Tao just doesn't hit the mark. The set up was probably looked better on paper than does in person. There is a red room (Fast crap music) and a blue room (slower crappier music) Ying and Yang i guess..They play music that was on the radio about 10 years ago. That has been overplayed (e.g. puff daddy)Crowd control is non existent.There are no little spots to sit and rest unless you pay alot extra.. bah go the Rio club you will have alot more fun
4	If i can walk right past the line with a big group of girls like i did this weekend then i can safely give it 4 stars. holding off on the 5th star cause i STILL had to pay $20 and the music was horrible..and i thought the dance floor was small.
5	WHAT?! We can smoke INDOORS?! My friend was showing me around LV (yes, my first time there) and all of a sudden... he lights a cigarette at the bar, and the bartender lights it for him! INSANE! Wow. Each room was dope, I went the day before Halloween and I loved the DJ in the Main Room as well as the one in the 2nd room next to it. They were coordinated, very different styles but served a variety that totally made the vibe so worth it. If I could come back as a Go Go dancer here, I'd be more excited for that bathtub they have going on in the middle of the floor! SOOOO much fun!
4	I went recently for my sister's bachelorette party. We weren't on the VIP guest list or anything but still walked in without having to wait in line or pay the cover charge. If you don't like waiting in a long ass line or paying to get into a club, you must go with girls. Preferably hot girls.If you're a guy, try to surround yourself with as many girls as you can. If not, you won't get in buddy.Tao has both indoor and outdoor areas. The outdoor area is called Tao Beach. It kinda feels like you're on a tropical island, with tables galore. Overall it's a very fun place. Oh, they have great music too!
4	wow. so crowded. however, there are multiple rooms and levels so you can escape if you can't stand the crush of sweaty bodies spilling drinks on you with every bump. the music wasn't great, there were no cute guys and the drinks were overpriced, but despite all that, my friends and i really enjoyed our night out at tao. we also liked the girls in the petal-strewn bathtubs near the entrance and the scantily clad girls rolling around upstairs. ;)
1	If Tao were personified as a dude, I'd take his wallet, push him into the middle of a runaway stampede, and every time he tried to get out, I'd kick him in the junk.  Repeatedly.Essentially that's what you're in for.  $40 to get in.  Shoulder to shoulder people.  Not "cozy, party atmosphere", but "Hey boss, I think if we use a crowbar and a shoehorn, we can get 4 more cattle in".  Don't stop moving forward or you will be accosted by a fat dude with a flashlight telling you to keep moving.  Dude, I'm in line at the bar!  Back the fuck off!
4	Tao, is by far the most awesome club I've been to anywhere.  Why?  Great looking venue, great looking crowd, great experience.  I generally feel most clubs are the same and how much you enjoy it depends on the people you go with.  While that can still hold true at Tao, the place itself definitely sway my opinion.  When you first enter if you enter through the main entrance, they have girl in bathtubs with rose petals in it and nothin but rose petals on.  Come on now, what guy can possibly not like this place already?!  They have a main dancefloor downstairs, and another one upstairs (Tao Beach) next to the pool area.  The reason this place doesn't get five stars is first, the downstairs dancefloor is super super crowded.  But what can you expect from a poppin Vegas club.  If it's not that crowded, you probably don't want to be there anyways, a la Pure at Caesars (haha that's another review).  Secondly, they have a super strict rule of wanting an even ratio of guys and girls or they wont even let you get in line.  The group I went with had a few more guys than girls and apparently they were being a-holes when my friends tried to get in earlier.  I ended up going with my buddy to find some random girls heading in to go in with so we could get in.  Overall though I had a great time and expect to be back next time I'm in Vegas.
2	"My mother warned me about girls like you."I kid you not - I heard some loser utter this lame line to the girl he was trying to score on.  The lame-ness of that statement sums up my entire experience at this club.  Here's my beef:1)  The music just is terrible.  It doesn't matter which room you're in - neither area plays new, current music.  Hearing stuff from the 1990s is great once and a while, but not for a whole set.2)  Small dance floors.  Compared to Pure, these dance floors are minuscule.  Lots of people + small dance floor = dancing in walkway.  The only way to have room to dance is to shake your booty for some guys who have a table.  No thank you.3)  Girls as decorations.  If you're going to do this, make sure they are hot.  The bathtub girls were hot.  The weird sexual position girls were not.  If we hadn't gotten in for free and with no wait (we ate at the restaurant), I would have given 1 star.  I'd rather shake it at Pure or Prive.
3	the club itself it really really nice-- but the music can be really really awesome or really really boring, so it's unreliable whether you'll have fun or not!also, the crowd tends to be older (30+).  and it's dreadfully hot in there!get on the guestlist and you'll get in quickly.bathrooms are AWESOME!!!  MAKE SURE to check them out!
4	I was there for my bachelorette club hopping and loved my experience there.  We didn't have a VIP table or anything, but were able to skip the long line and get escorted to the VIP entrance.  I guess the trick is to be with a group of good looking girls.  For admission, we picked up some free VIP passes from one of flyer guys on the strip so we didn't have to pay cover.  Otherwise, girls are NOT free to get in like the other clubs. The only thing I don't like about this club is too little room to dance!  The main dance floor is shoulder-to-shoulder pack and impossible to move around.  The only way to get room to dance is to order their bottle service, which is way overpriced.  We hang around the bar area most of the time.    I guess how much I like about this club really depends on the people I meet there. Tao has a better crowd than the clubs I have been to in Vegas.  It would still suck if it's not!
4	Just say you know Brandon....Okay, don't say you know Brandon. Actually, to tell you the truth, I don't even know Brandon. But somehow, by name dropping some guy I don't even know, I was able to bypass the 2-3 hour line for Tao on Halloween, get in without cover (the guys in our group didn't have to pay cover either) and party it up on the dance floor with a bunch of guys in cow costumes.(Cow costumes? Wow, that's hot.)Actually, I was never a huge fan of Tao, even though, both times I've been, I've gotten in without cover. The first time I went, the dance floors downstairs were playing house (not my thing) and I got into a huge argument at Tao Beach. (Yay for drama in Vegas clubs!...Not.) Considering that experience, I was a little apprehensive about going back to Tao again.Boy, was I wrong - Tao on Halloween was crazy! Like I said, I got to dance with a bunch of cows, the DJ's were bumping great dance music, they had Tera Patrick hosting/emceeing for the night (although I couldn't tell if she was hot or not though), and it was just good times all around. Notes to remember: - Do not dance on the furniture (I found that out the hard way). - Do not bother going to Tao Beach - it's too crowded, there's really no room to dance, and the bathrooms are ridiculously far away from the general Tao Beach area (as I discovered during my first outing to Tao). - Worse comes worse, name drop Brandon. (Hey, it can't hurt, can it?)
4	Kick ass place to go if you want to have an awesome night experience in VEGAS!  Naked girls in bathtubs, what more can I say?  We also got the hookups from friends so we got in cheap.  The only thing that sucked was that the line and wait was SUPER long, and it was ridiculously crowded everywhere.  You could barely dance... and there was always people walking around so you will get bumped 10x.  But towards the end of the night I had my fun dancing with people regardless of how crowded it was.
5	All i have to say here:Asian Invasion..the place where all asians go to at least once during their trips..i GUARANTEE YOU!love this place...my favorite part of the club: the frosted bathroom windows...all i wanted to see were the bathrooms when i got there!!!! how buzzed and lame i am..unoccupied- clear dooroccupied- slowly frosting away for your privacy...
4	AWESOME CLUB!!!!!!!!!! We got there early to avoid lines, etc. and I'm glad we did b/c we could actually move around and see everything. Once more ppl came, the dance floor (on the second level) became extremely crowded, almost making it too hard to dance. Then you look up and there are girls everywhere shaking it (in cages, on beds, in bathtubs)! I couldn't help but stare! :) There is A LOT of space in Tao. Two levels with plenty of bars to get drinks (from what I remember there were 5???). Prices are decent, what you'd expect from Vegas. There was definitely a plethora of asians (other reviews are accurate), sleezy guys, and the music is exactly what other ppl have reviewed: mix of old and new, but a little too much old in my opinion. One and only compaint (and reason for -1 star): NO ROOM TO SIT ANYWHERE!!!!!! We didn't buy a table or anything (our bad.....), but a girl NEEDS to sit at some point. My feet were dying and swollen at the end of the night. But it was alllllllll worth it. Tao is awesome, you must go once :)
2	So a couple of friends and I decided to hit up Vegas the weekend before Thanksgiving and, seeing as I'd never been to Tao, we decided that it might be fun to check out the club everybody seems to be talking about!Headed over on a Friday night--I suggest you put your name on the guestlist and get there before midnight. It helps, I swear. It also helps to surround yourself with a large number of girls if you're a guy, so thank God we had that cleared. First things first: the girls in the bathtubs? They look as if they hate their very existence and spend more time covering their boobies than sloshing about all sexy-like in the water.The drinks? Please. Laughable at best, extremely expensive (12 dollars for a shot?!), and small!The music is your basic hip-hop-Top 40 mix, which tells me the club has yet to go super mainstream. There's more to music than Tupac's "California Love" or Kanye's rehash.  Tao would be a much cooler place if they mixed it up and threw in some electro.I will say, however, that the decor is something out of a movie. Over the top, ridiculously artificial, and a bit too overblown for my taste. The huge Buddha staring at you over the dancefloor makes you feel like praying, not dancing.If you don't have a table (and they have millions! In places you wouldn't expect!) don't think you'll sit down ANYWHERE. Security's tight, so if you're tired or your feet hurt, suck it up.
5	i always have a great time here.. granted i go w/girls security grabs us and we are lead to a table.. but other wise i would probably hate that its always way crowded but were always at someones table. lol..its huge beautiful and its a must stop in vegas.
3	More 3.5 stars My crew and I have been going to this place for years!!! It's a heavy Asian influence club, that's probably the biggest in Vegas. There is a downstairs restaurant, that they open as part of the club toward the later end of the night. The upstairs has two different rooms. The main room is pretty big. The second room is MUCH smaller. The downstairs, the main room and the much smaller second room have their own dj. So it's cool that you can listen to three different dj's throughout the club. However, this makes it hard for "centralized action." What I mean....is that you don't have a main place where everyone one will be. On one hand it's good to spread out the crowd, but it sucks if you wanna go hunt to get laid. So it's good and bad. It's almost like the club has no "soul." There isn't a bad vibe, but there isn't a great vibe either. Like seeing a concert at a amphitheater vs. House of Blue. Pro's - Huge. - 3 dj's - Women in bathtubs when you walk in, and they're naked. Very sexy! Con's - Too big, no centralized action - Where is the vibe at? - Nothing great I was at Tao last New Years Eve and had a table with the G5 Bottle Poppin' Crew. It was okay. We saw Suge Knight there, that was cool. Thursday nights are suppose to be good, we didn't find that the case. Fri and Sat will be your typical club crowd. Not great, not bad. It's an "okay" club. Not a starter, not minor league...but maybe a 2nd string club for our crew.
3	overrated...asians love this place......The line wasnt THAT long when we went but the club was packed.  We got in free which is always a plus.  The girls in the tubs are probably a plus for many dudes.  We went in and headed for the bar to get our drink on.  Getting a drink was pretty easy compared to other clubs.  The crowd is a little akward.  There were a TON of guys at the club when we went.  It was insane and kind of nasty, plus they looked either REALLY young or REALLY old. ugh.( for my girls of course dont worrry my lil benny) Later during the night it snowed! (foamed shhh) The bathrooms upstairs tripped me out.  If I were a lil more drunk I would have been exposed!!!!  The door is clear until you "occupy" it.  We left after it got too creepy and hot we went downstairs to the lounge to get more drinks. haha
3	Good club that could be great. As in other reviews - naked chicks in bathtub are and awesome start!!! The music is rocking and packed. The promoters Ashley and Sylvia hooked me up and I got all my girls in for free/ no line. The problem: The design of the club creates a multitude of bottlenecks. At it's peak it feels like a fire hazard. A girl can wait 40 minutes to use the bathroom, it can take equally as long to get a drink. The VIP rooms are nice and have different bathrooms. If you can, get bottle service and enjoy watching the commoners fight their way to the bar while you relax above drinking your gallon of Grey Goose.
4	Damn. What they say about Vegas clubs is true. In fact, too good to be true.  I came here twice and well I had a great time BOTH nights. We didn't have to wait in line long since we were staying at the Venetian. And yea, the lines can be long, the place can get too crowded, and the drinks are wallet killers, but whatever. IT'S VEGAS! What place isn't like that in this town?!Tao Beach was ok but our group thought it was more fun inside the club. The music was off the hook; the drinks were pricy BUT well made; and the Go Go dancers, well...enough said.But if I had to describe this place in one word: FUN.
2	I had pretty high expectations for this club, seeing how it is one of the premier clubs in Vegas. I have to say that I am a bit disappointed with the overall experience.First, I had no problems getting in as I was a guest at the hotel, unlike some other posers who had to wait in line. Once inside, I found it to be a bit disorganized, with small dance floors scattered here and there, none of them with enough room for the amount of people they were letting in. Going from one place to another is a pain in the ass, since there are tons of people and as another reviewer noted, lots of bottleneck locations. The bar is by far more disorganized than the rest of the club. There are so many people crowded around that it's almost impossible to get a drink. Think Dave and Buster's on thursday nights, times 10. I really do not like having to wait in line to get a drink when I can be on the dance floor having fun. Of course you can't do that because there are so many people, so all you end up doing here is pushing and waiting until you're tired and convince yourself that it was worth it.Bathing chicks are nice but they do not redeem the club.
3	Damn you Jamie mutherffing Foxx!  Your record release party along with PDiddy packed the club to scary fire hazard capacity.  I imagine Vegas does not have any fire codes anywhere because this place surely would have broke all of them.  First off if you come here, it helps to go with a group of chicks as the 5 girls I was with and I got in pretty damn quick considering there was a line similar to a homeless soup chicken during the depression era.  Because of the night we went the crowd with Jamie Foxx, the crowd was pretty mixed.  I swear there were a ton of NFL players in the crowd with their entourages and body guards around.  The clubs two dance floors are nice, except unless you have a VIP area you will surely be bowled over by the girlfriend crews who use the larger one to bowl there way into a *strike* right in the middle of the dance floor by clearing a path.  Apparently from the rest of the reviews from this place, it is always packed to capacity, which means IF YOU CAN'T DANCE, COME HERE, because all you have space to do is Vogue in place.  The girls going to town on each other in the bathtub and the massage table at the entrance are both nice touches and by touches I mean something for the single guys to oogle with the nonsingle guys something to get the their eyes gouged out for staring.  By the way, I'm not sure how much there were paying those girls because I swear they were pouring ICE into the bathtub in the middle of December and the girls massaging each were REALLY ENJOYING themselves.  I guess when you drop the monetary equivalent to a 1995 Honda Civic on drinks, they can pay the girls a little than the minimum wage.
4	Now this place is really intense... Ill start by mentioning that its 3 levels with several different sections to hang out at and many bar's.The club itself is a lot bigger then some of the clubs ive been to and is packed to the extreme.  The night I went (Saturday) it was even more packed then usual b/c it was Jamie Fox's B-day and P-Diddy was there chillin with him. I got some prety good pics of that!The drinks are typical Vegas priced at around 15 ish per.  The bartenders are cool if you can get them to remember you.  I actually managed to get a free drink from one just by mentioning to him a drink he had never heard of before.  The crowd is full of good looking people and has a relatively diverse group of people. I noticed a lot of asians there the other night though but im not sure if thats the norm there. Either way, im hooked and had a great time.  VIP at Tao is crazy expensive. 1200 dollars for 2 bottles that will accomodate 6 people.  Crazy huh?  That price includes gratuity and tax. Not to mention the bottles there START at 450.  Getting into the club can be a pain if you are rolling with a lot of guys and very few girls. I suggest getting in line before 10 to insure entry if you are a bunch of guys.  If you want instant access then you need a big group of girls with you. Probably 5 girls for every 3 guys to be on the safe side.  Overall the club is great and can lead to lots of good times for those looking to have fun.So to break it down....VIP is expensive.Getting into the club can be a pain.Drinks are good but pricey.Good looking people.Great Location.-Mike
1	I repeat, I'm not a cultural purist, so the fact that a club called Tao is litered with a bijillion buddhas doesn't irk me so much. With the right lighting it almost looks Taoist-cool, whatever that means.The fact remains though Tao means nature reigns supreme, but there's nothing natural about the chaos you encounter at this place on Saturday nights.As we approached this place we knew this wasn't for the claustrophobic. You MUST love people. At 10pm there were about a thousand people waiting in line to get in. Fine, stuff like this happens all the time in LA. Then it became increasingly unclear what the VIP passes they hand out to every mammal on earth mean. No cover? Free access to the top floor?Apparently the girl who put the group together thought it meant all of the above. The bouncers disagree. They tried to collect an unknow sum of cover at first, then waived it. Then we found out we couldn't go upstairs without the cool "Tao" stamp on the wrist, which sets off another round of negotiation. $30 for dudes and free for girls. Having waited in line for about 1.5 hours by then, we'd pay our liver to get up there. Guys and girls separated to two different entrance points. Guys paid and got the stamp, girl didn't pay and.... didn't get the stamp.WTF? So to keep the group together, NONE of us can go upstairs. Negotiation Round Three. 40 minutes later, girls got their stamps, too. Alas, we finally got upstairs!!And we found ourselves in a un-Tao chaos. People are still pouring in like cockroaches. I don't hate people or cockroaches, but they are equally destructive above a certain density. I swear somebody farted a pungent storm while I was making my way to the bar. Three jaeger shots failed to take the sting away.And good luck finding your friends inside. I always suspected cockroaches don't recognize their siblings, now I can see why.It could be a cool/trendy place to hang out and do your mating dance on a wonderful Tuesday night in Feburary. But then if you don't have a job, this place could cost you your entire unemployment benefit in about 5 minutes.And that's when the Tao predicament truly happens. Emptiness and Nothingness. Praise the Tao!
3	if the decor inside wasn't AMAZING and the bathtub girls weren't so unique, i would give this club 1 star. the line was uber long to get in, but i didn't need to worry because my friend knew a bouncer and we got in pretty much right away. which was nice.a big turnoff is thait is too too crowded - almost to the point that its claustrophobic. and that is crazy to say because the place is HUGE. but tao really packs 'em in i guess. it was kind of hard to follow my way around, all my twists and turns led into another themed room instead of the exit. the security in there is TIGHT. i felt like every 5 minutes, someone in security told you to move over or to stand over here or keep moving in that direction. that definitely irritated me and made my blood boil. i understand vegas has tight security, but come on....so ridiculous!now that i saw what the fuss is about, i don't think i'll be going back. the interior design was amazing, but with all those people and all those pesky security men, i'd rather go to new york new york and chill.
2	Hate hate hate... the only reason it gets 2 stars is cause Caesar at the door was cool enough to let us in though my boyfriend and I were late for our 'group of 20'... afterwards I wished he hadn't and we'd have run off to some other venue.Once we got in (after paying 30$ though we weren't supposed to), it was wall-to-wall people... 2 house vodka cranberries were 24$ before tip and... did I mention you couldn't move, let alone dance?  Not cool.  Won't see ya there.
5	My favorite club in Vegas, hands down. It used to be PURE but now it's TAO! Good job, Tao.I know everyone says it's way too crowded in here but I think that's what makes this club awesome. This venue is HUGE and the fact that they can pack it from Thurs to Sat nights is wowing in itself. I came here twice and I've never had to pay cover which is awesome. Thanks, Tao. Drinks here are expensive but you can always charge it to your room if you're staying at the Venetian/Palazzo. Dangerous but WAY convenient!When I came here in the summer, they had opened up the Tao Beach area to party at. Extra bar, tons of table seating, and the closed off kiddie pool. We definitely came out here for a breather.I came back here again this past weekend (in December) and the Tao Beach area was closed off. I think that's good since it was about 35 degrees out. Chillllayyyy!! The dance floor was packed as always and the balcony right next to the dance floor should be your getaway if you want some fresh air. Also, the view of the Venetian is breath-taking from Tao! Ladies, if you want to use the restroom, do go upstairs to the 3rd floor! There are about 10 individual stalls. Oh and be sure to find two naked ladies in bathtubs with only flower petals covering their boobages!!
2	my first clubbing experience in vegas.. i guess i was expecting too much because this place sucked!! while we were checking in to the venetian some promoter from tao came up to us and offered to put us on the VIP guestlist with open bar wristbands.. we got there at 10.. and we were supposedly able to just cut the line but that wasnt the case.. however, we only waited in line for a total of 10 minutes so that was okay i guess.. but then i find out that we weren't on the guestlist that had the open bar wristbands.. how many different guestlists do they fucking have?!?! that promoter was such a damn liar!! next time im thinking twice before i believe them... anyways once inside and upstairs with our tao stamps (what's that about?) we went to go get drinks.. fairly easy because there werent that many people.. YET so four drinks set my friend back 70 bucks.. eek! but i guess everything's just more expensive in vegas.. or maybe its not.. i dont know, i never buy my own drinks.. kekekeke.. so then we went onto the dance floor.. the music was alright.. iono i just wasn't feeling the vibe.. an hour later it was packed!! i seriously couldn't even get on the dance floor.. that made me pissed.. but then i just ended up dancing along the top of the lounge seats..i gave one star because we got in without having to pay.. even my 2 guy friends.. and another star because there were a lot of cute asian eye candy (which, i have to admit, is more my kind of scene)
2	I am pretty sure we never made it into the actual Tao Club but I was too drunk to notice.  I just remember walking straight into the downstairs lounge.  It was about 1230am and there was a line all the way to China.  But the hoes we were with just walked in so my fat friend and I just followed them.  It was pretty freakin funny.  I was surprised we got in cuz he is ugly and fat.  When we got into the club my fat friend was drunk so I sat his fat ass down on someone's table.  The bouncer came around and asked if he was alright and asked if that was our table.  Since we just got kicked out of Tryst that night I told him it was our table and we needed some water.  After that guy left to get water I took the fatty to the bar.  HAHA.  Th two hoes we went with got picked up by some homos that were trying to teach them salsa.  Their best pick up line was "you damsels look distressed, lets go to our table".  Of course they went and got us free drinks.  SuckAz.
3	It's a PITA to get in if you're with all guys as they allow only 1:1 male:female ratio. This is great because women outnumber the guys, and there is nothing worse than going into a club and being surrounded by guys (unless that's your thing). It get extremely crowded even though there are 3 different areas of the club. Tao Beach has a great view. Overall a decent Vegas club.
4	Nearly two years later, I returned to Tao.A few[1] young women and I had no problems getting past security. I didn't receive nor witness any undesirable behavior from the bouncers[2]. A local friend of mine got us passes so the $20/girl cover was waived[3].What an event! I had just as much fun as last time. Figured it was going to be a laid-back Saturday night (for Vegas, anyway), but I was wrong; it was bat-shit crazy inside[4]. A friend of mine from LA had a table, and generously shared drinks with us[5].Table service was excellent. Server Joe (unsure of his name), offered to check on a member of our party who looked a tad inebriated, all-the-while keeping our waters refilled. Later that evening, server Tiffany approached me, pointing to a couple snogging in the corner of our booth (and doing a wonderful job of it, I might add). I assured our server that they were with us - the girl was, anyway.Note for you shutterbugs: unless you're photographing for Tao in an official capacity, "professional cameras" (read: DSLRs) aren't permitted. Leave them in your hotel room - or bribe management for a press pass[6]?Tao is still a fun venue to get your freak on, and if you have yellow fever, there's always a load of Asians there.[1] More than two, less than ten.[2] I thanked several for not being douches. They were appreciative.[3] I got stuck with the standard $30/guy cover.[4] Apparently P. Diddy was there causing a ruckus.[5] I pregamed at the hotel, but keenly remember drinking lots of OJ. Thanks Binh![6] Do not actually do this.
1	$60 cover. No thanks. 'Nuf said.
5	Been 3x's - { if u stay @ Venitian Resort & get free passes, btw}. Otherwise GO EARLY if u don't want to wait in a disney line-up of 2hrs! Once u get in, standing room only - unless u get private room - always nice!  heh heh.  depending on how many friends, it is WORTH it - i only had a party of 4, private room, server, drapes - luciaous, baby.   - how do u spell A W E S O M E?? I tried to stay past 3am but my feet said otherwise :-(
4	This club is fun but the criteria getting in may have been harder than getting into college.  This has to be one of the best clubs in Vegas.  Nice atmosphere, pricey drinks and those ladies in the tubs are naughty good. It definitely gets crackin and everyone seems to get a bit foolish.  Nothin but a good time thought!  Be prepared to give an impromptu speech why you deserve to get into this club along with two letters of recommendation!
5	I think if it had been up to me, we would've gone here every night during our weekend getaway in Vegas. Beautiful people, swanky decor, fun crowd, great music.. pretty much all the elements required for an awesome night out. Bonus: free cover for ladies!
3	It was a good first time experience.  We got in with no cover and vip passes so I can't complain about that! Super crowded, you could barely walk in there and it took a while to get to the bartender. It was beautiful inside and I Loved the upper level.  Way bigger than I thought, too!  I just dont understand what's the big hype about this place! Vegas has better clubs out there!
4	This is how much fun i had.1. 4  bottles between the 15 of us? I don't remember.. obviously it was good, because i don't remember much.2. Big booby server!! YEAH!!!!! SHAKE THEM THANGS! 3. Freaking a black girl on the dance floor for quite a while... DAMN SHE BROKE ME OFF GOOD haha LOL. She was fine too haha4. Only spending $200 throughout the whole night! Here's a tip for you fellow yelpers out there... Get bottle service, no bother waiting in line, You'll obviously spend a lot less than at the bar. I bought a round of for two of my friends and I and it came out to $42 dollars. HOLY CRAP! O well! Back to our table we went... the only reason I even went to the bar was because I couldn't wait for my alcohol!!!! LOL! I'm not an alcoholic, but the Vegas side of me was taking over! I LOVE TAO! For you shy fellows out there, here's a tip for you guys... If you're to shy to talk to some girls, just tip the security, and they'll start pulling hella girls to the table you. After that, it's all up to you work your magic!
4	Fun place!
5	Tao has won me over again!! Everytime i come here, I am BOUND to have a lot of fun and a lot of adventures with my friends!! Free Drinks! Good Music for my taste!! Super Crowded on a Saturday Night!!  Everyone we saw the night before literally congregated to Tao!! It looked like a planned out itinerary for each group!  No cover!! A wait of maybe 10-15 mins in the VIP Line with a promoter..It was funny because the promoter was on the phone with someone telling them to tell their friend " BANANA REPUBLIC 50% OFF SALE FOR DRESS SHIRTS! Go There if you want to enter!" and we all laughed.. An All girls.. Always set and ready to enter any club and at anytime ladies and gentlemen!!! That is the sweet love of being a girl in Vegas!! :)This place hasn't disappointed me one bit yet.. *knock on wood*
3	Tao was fun enough, but not "off the hook" compared to other clubs in Las Vegas. Some friends and I had a table with bottle service, so we didn't have to experience any of the standing in line crap that some people have mentioned. Yeah, there are a bunch of hot chicks shakin' their thing (at least there were when we went), but the same can be said for a lot of clubs in Vegas. In fact, there really aren't that many clubs that don't have a lot of shakin' going on. Don't get me wrong, this place would be pretty sick if were somewhere else besides Vegas. But, for the company it keeps in a city that never really sleeps, Tao is about middle (to high middle) of the pack.
5	Tao has got to be at the very top of my list of places to go to in Las Vegas.As with any club, come with girls to make the entrance easy (or just be clever/witty). Walking in is pretty damn cool on its own.The decorations and aura of the place are incredible. You can't get anymore elegant and fancy than this place.Bathtubs full of water with flower petalsAsian-looking statuesFancy couches with girls modeling on themNice balcony areaPlace is nicely air conditionedMusic's good, drinks are fairly priced, male/female ratio's good, vibe is cool. Just get drunk and have fun here, it's so worth it.I had the most fun at this club and Pure. Good place to meet the good kinds of 'creepers.' =DDress to impress, duh! Don't come lookin' all ugly.This club, and a restaurant in the same building, should be enough reason to just book a room in the Venetian.After the club is over, or if you just leave, go to Grand Lux downstairs. Your taste buds will thank you. Get the appetizers, they are the best.
5	Wow.. I've been here a couple times now and I've enjoyed it from different views as well.The first experience was great once we got inside, but it was the amazingly long line-up that made it tough. I also tried to slime the bouncer, which ended up being a manager who didn't appreciate it. I think that delayed our group of 3 guys. 2.5hrs later.. We were in. Oddly enough, it was worth it.The second experience was much different...I used a VIP Host to arrange bottle service and a table. We were sent up an elevator, sat at a table which at first seemed to be in a poor location, but ended up being situated exactly where we wanted to be.The table was in a corridor near the entrance to the smaller more intimate lounging area. It was a high traffic area which turned out great for people watching and meeting. Our bottle service also entitled us to some other perks, including our own bouncer who shoe'd off unpleasant folks for us and went on the prowl for us to find more "interesting" folks to converse with. I remember my conversation with him vividly..Bouncer: "Whatcha like? Blondes, Brunettes, Asians, Caucasians?"Me: "Yes, please."And then the fun began.
1	I will NOT be returning to Tao. I was really excited to go to Tao as every one of my friends says its one of the best clubs in Vegas. We went on a Friday night and it was quite a wait, granted it was one of their "event nights". We were placed in the VIP line (which was 15% as long as the regular line) and still waited over 30min. When we got inside the DJ was TERRIBLE!!!!! He never played a song for over 30sec. their second DJ which came on around 1 was better, but by that time I already wanted to leave. It was incredible to see the youth of the crowd. I would say the average age of this club was 19, yes 19 (its a 21+ club). I was elbowed to the point where I thought I was going to go home with bruises. The girls who dance in the tubs and near the ceiling were beautiful. The girls and the decor was the only reason I wouldn't give this a ZERO.
5	This place is so beautiful! I had so much fun clubbin here! The decor inside was really nice and i loved the vibe! Me and some friends went up to tao beach and wow...it was really nice up there, but it didn't seem like anyone was dancing so we went back downstairs and  partied. I'll be coming back for sure again! VEGGASSS!!!!
1	alright for all the gents who come to Vegas wanting to have a good time with your boys and meet some girls I will state the cold hard truth about this club.  if youre a dude or with a group of dudes, youre not welcome here*YES I SAID IT*there are a few hoops you can jump through and then its possible to get in.  in my case I had to eat dinner at the restaurant, and state that it was for a bachelor party (blatant lie).  However the first time I tried to get in with some friends we were literally the first people in line and once it opened they didnt let us in.  if youre a girl seeking attention, you will have a great time.  the dance floor is too packed to move, but luckily the girls seem to have their own section where they can dance amongst themselves.I went to tryst the next night, paid a promoter 40 bucks to get in and skip the line and had a great time
2	The club looks cool.  Thank goodness it is big enough for you to keep walking around and look at the decorations...Because you cannot stand still anywhere...I mean it!  They shoo you along like herds of cattle.  If you want to sit, you better reserve a table.  This is not a club to go with a bunch of people and be able to enjoy each other. ..You have to be dancing out in the dance floor...Or (as the bouncer will tell you) KEEP WALKING PEOPLE!!!
4	Definitely one of the most played out clubs in vegas but hey, its fun.  If you get bottle service, would recommend the upstairs area, cant talk about it here but you will find out for yourselves.
4	If you're going with a group of guys, like I did,  get the bottle service, try to forget the cost, and just enjoy yourselves. It can get hot, but my experience is that it was only true right next to the main dance floor. The second room was normal temp, and I had a jacket on at a table 40 feet from the main dance floor and didn't notice the heat. I'd give the music a three of five, because it was all over the place, and it only worked some of the time. The table service was great though. Our servers absolutely earned their money in my mind as they poured a lot of drinks for our extended group and kept the area extremely clean. Also, we had a couple of wigglers lurking around trying to poach on our reservation, and one of the servers made it a point of clearing them away from our table by cleaning where they were standing every two minutes until they got the idea. I made it a point to tip her well.
5	What can I say, it's Tao. I think everyone who comes to Vegas needs to experience it. Sure it's overly crowded but the crowd is hardly as overwhelming when you are 6 hotties crashing bachelor's parties. Ah, the good life. The decor is interesting and the hot girls in the tub full of petals are definitely amazingly hot! It may not be your crowd, but when in Vegas, you've got to check it out!
5	My Favorite Night Club in Vegas. I've been here 5 or 6 times. Love the Decor. Great crowd. The line is insane but i wouldn't know. Always do bottle service.  If you don't get bottle service and your group has more guys then girls then just forget it. Your not getting in. That stuff could ruin ur night not to mention your trip. If you don't want to get bottle service then come before the club and have dinner then and that insure you and your 5 dude friends get in. girls make Vegas more fun so bring them from home or find some asap. only thing better then a wing man is a wing Woman woohoo Vegas here we come Feb 8.Decor 5 StarsDrinks 4 StarsService 4 StarsPrice 3 Stars its Vegas Baby*Tip*  Bottle Service is the way to go. Its well worth the money. Beat the Lines. Have your own section. Girls have a place for their bags and guys can take off their blazers. Call ahead for bottle service. Don't just arrive and expect to get a table. Know how to tip and build a relationship with your VIP Rep.
5	Tao is the best nightclub in Vegas. Let's just say I ALWAYS go to Tao everytime I come to Vegas. If you haven't gone, you should difinitely go (at least once.) The decor has an Asian Theme to it and is very lovely. It does get croweded here but what nightclub in Vegas doesn't. I also like how there is more then one room so if you get bored of the music, you can migrate to another room. If you hang out at the Venetian, sometimes people are passing out VIP passes that admits 2 ladies in for free Fri, Sat, & Sun night. To be honest, if you know a promoter, you can put yourself and your friends on the guestlist and you all will get in for free. Even the guys. It's usually hard to get into the nightclubs for free but I find it fairly easy to get into Tao. You just have to go early (10pm) If you go later then that, the line gets really long. The drinks are reasonable ($12 or so) What I like the most are how nice the staff is. One time my cousin lost her cell and a worker helped her look for it until she found it. (someone kicked it all the way to the other room!!!) Also, I lost my ID here one time and the person that found it mailed it to me. My experiences here have all been great. YOu should go!!! It's FUN FUN FUN.
4	Ah yes TAO.  It's an overrated club but you know what?  I don't care.  It's all about the music and people here.  Saturday nights at TAO was mad crazy.  Somehow our local vegas friend managed to get us inside TAO immediately with no waiting in line and no entrance fee. The place was packed but this was where everyone was apparently.  The DJ played really good music and despite how packed it was I had so much fun.  I could have stayed there longer but it was getting late and my feet were starting to hurt. Damn heels.  Drinks were good and the people working there were nice.  I don't mind coming back here when I'm in Vegas!
5	you can't really beat walking into a club and having to pass hot girls in lingerie, rubbing each other with flower petals in bathtubs.  the music is always slammin, awesome dj's and live performances, suuuper hot go-go dancers, beautiful crowd, strong drinks... what's there not to like about Tao?  the only negative thing i have to say is that sometimes, it's too crowded to move around.  Also... if you're under the influence of anything other than alcohol, the buddha statues coming out of the wall might freak you out.  I don't know from personal experience, i just heard.
5	I love this club.  It has so many different designs in different rooms. The atmosphere is great and everyone has a great time with all the dancers above and the great DJ.  Also, they have areas where girls can dance on stage, which I love doing so thats a definite plus for me =D If a guy were asking me I'd suggest to get a table however because the dance floor can be very crowded on busy nights and extremely hard to get in.  Being a girl though it's easy to go up to the tables and mingle with people, also very easy getting in if you know the right people.  I think this is one of the best nightclubs in Vegas.  The other two beng LAX and The Bank.  So if you're in Vegas for the weekend I'd suggest visiting Tao, The Bank and LAX.
3	I can see why guys would give this place good reviews. There are naked girls everywhere.. OK, they are covered with rose petals, in baths. Cool concept but kind of weird. It's has beautiful scenery and the biggest Buddhist statue. The club itself just sucked. There was hardly anyone there and it was a Thursday night, in Vegas! Don't people party 24/7 here? Guess not or maybe everyone is somewhere else cooler. Drinks were crap and over priced. But everything is over priced in Vegas so that is inevitable. The best part of the Tao experience for me was when the bouncer's told my boyfriend he couldn't come in with the shoes he had on. Smart one came to Vegas without dress shoes. Good thing there was a shoe store right next door ,so he ended up buying a nice pair of shoes and spending more on them than I do! Overall I guess Tao is worth checking out. But get on the guest list.
3	It was a friend's birthday so we were on the VIP guest list. We cut the line and were ushered directly to a private area adjacent to the dance floor. In no time, we had a table with at least 6 bottles of Grey Goose and at least 20 total by the end of the night. The place looked SICK and it was packed! Everyone had a great time and the DJ played awesome music the whole night. However, I would never go here if I had to pay the high cover charge and ridiculous drink prices. The only other negative was some f-ing douche bag worker who seemed to enjoy walking around the VIP with his little flashlight telling people what not to do. Anyway, it was the sickest clubbing night of my life, but I probably wouldn't go back again unless I was NOT paying...if that makes any sense.
4	If you're going to Vegas and you haven't been to TAO... well, let just say you need to put that on your list. You have to experience it.. after all you are in Vegas. Bottle services are of course expensive but like I said, you are in Vegas... Besides, you get what you pay for.. and more..  There's a couple of rooms with DJs and the pool area. It gets really crazy in this joint but oh man... you'll have a blast. The service is A+. Check it.
5	Tao is a Las Vegas Nightclub for sure........The club is amazing once you are inside and it is worth the wait!   The club is broken down to several different sections.Dress to impress.If you need personal space and being next to hundreds on the dance floor is not you; then this might not be the club for you...
5	Loved it here! The decor is cool, great music, two dance areas, and you can go outside. It was reallly hard to get a drink, but the girls dancing in bathtubs were cool. We had a blast overall.
4	Thanks to my friends, they have made my first TAO experience MEMORABLE.  First of all, it's the largest nightclub I've gone to in Vegas and the music there is "bumpin'."  The moment you walk in, you greeted by half-naked girls working their stuff in bathtubs, and once you hit the dancefloor, you see MORE half-naked girls either dancing on poles, the stage or in other bathtubs laid out on stage.  There not a dull moment once you walk in.Being a female in a nightclub in Vegas has its many "perks."  We usually don't have to pay cover to get in (just as long as you're on the guestlist and make it before it closes).  My girlfriends and I were pretty much "booked" over to a bachelors party which provided neverending flow of drinks...  Fortunately enough, these gentlemen were very courteous and made sure all of us were having a good time.  We danced the night away until 4am.When in Vegas, I'd say Tao Nightclub is a no-brainer to go to when you don't know what to do at night.
3	BEAUTIFUL club! The place looks amazing! Drinks are typical vegas prices: overpriced. Couple of different dancefloors and if they open up tao beach at night, definitely check it out! Is it just me or is the crowd here always really Asian? Maybe it's because I'm Asian and I notice but I swear every time I come here its flooded with Asians!!! Real talk. I heart Asians but I prefer a more diverse crowd. Nonetheless, Tao is still a great club to hit up in Vegas for a good time!
4	Tao is the nicest inside, but I'm sick of Tao simply because every time I go to Vegas, everyone wants to go to Tao. If you're Asian, it's mandatory that you show up at Tao.They're nice to girls and nice to couples, so gentlemen, pair up with a lady or you're guaranteed to pay cover. They don't care what the hostess said when she put you on the guest list. They don't care if you're staying at the hotel AND on the super VIP list. No girls, no comp. Of course, you'll have to buy that girl drinks once you get in, but nothing's free in life. You already knew that.Boys, they'll getcha for not wearing dress shoes. I've seen it. And they'll make you tuck in your shirt when you're in line, just because they can.If you can't stand the claustrophobia, dance downstairs by the bar in the restaurant. Some drinks are a dollar cheaper at the downstairs bar too. I don't know why but it is. If Tao Beach is open, the couches/benches around the pool bar is pretty much the only free place to sit. That's all the advice I can think of. Have fun!
3	Everyone I asked said Tao was the place to party in vegas. Yes, I can see that you have to come at least once and see this mega club for yourself. There are three levels with different themed rooms. On the top is the pool where beautiful people congregate. Some rooms were completely empty others were so jammed packed you couldn't move. There were tons of curvey dancers on the main dance floor and girls sitting in bathtubs just washing emselves, hmm. After downing a few shots of goose we decided to leave that giant maze for the spearmint.If you know you'll be spending your night here make sure you find a promoter so you don't have to pay cover or wait in line
4	Club review only:This place is amazing!!  Given the decor is very interesting and the place itself is HUGE.The drink prices are just like any other place in LV, expensive and small.The one star is gone because the line is LONG LONG LONG and the cover is $$$$.  (But once again, what great club on the strip isn't?!)In the end, I definitely would come back to this place again and again.
3	Tao used to be number 1 on my list for the best nightclub ever, BUT that was 4 years ago. I was so disappointed that now this place is way out of control. It takes forever just to get in, over crowded, and just HORRIBLE.
1	Ladies- do not go here.  My friends (all girls) and I were on the guest list and the bouncers pimped us out to loser freaks/bachelors who had purchased bottle service.  I spent most of the night hiding from hicks who somehow managed to get on a plane to vegas.  Terrible. F.
1	Yeah this place is so unfriendly to guys its not even funny. Granted I was with my family so clubbing was more of an afterthought instead of the main event. We didn't have time to go look for passes or get on the guestlist. We get there around 11:30pm. Yeah yeah sorry for being a tourist first. We wait in line for 25 mins in the general admission line and its 20 bucks each.. Me and 3 girls equals 80 bucks WTF. I think tao doesn't know there's a recession or maybe doesn't care. I should have seen it when they walk 12 girls in and 2 mins later they all walk out. If I was with the guys I would have followed them instead going inside. What are they thinking, hot girls never want to pay cover. I did see some guy get in with the laced vans though.when we get in its a huge cluster f#*k as usual. No room to dance or do anything. We go and head to the bar. 4 drinks were 67 bucks plus tips. At least the bartenders are fast and courteous. It doesn't matter because the marketing genius behind tao wants to shoot foam into the air everywhere, especially into your drink so you can go buy another. Forget about my $300 blazer. Oh I wanna give a big F U to one of the bouncers. I had this glowstick with me from a concert I brought into the club. I started ravin' out for kicks. Some hot chick on the 'girls catwalk' sees me and asks for it. I ask the bouncer if I can give to her in person. He goes naw, I can't let you walk through the VIP tables... I give it to the bouncer and he walks it over. She blows me a kiss and walks down from the catwalk. I try to going through crowd to meet up but I never see her again. Thanks Mr. cockblocker, you made my night.
3	soon as i saw this chick tipped right flat on her face, i thought ooh this is gonna be fun. oF COURSE i came here for this.. I must admit Ive been off the night life for so long and yes I needed this. Remember there are several elementsmaking up real good time:MUSIC, KIND OF PLACE AND GIMMICK, DRINKS, CROWD, COMPANY, AND MOOD.Music: I think it was 70% rave, some rNb's and techno-- but all is well when u get loaded up. i really didnt like it at first but what the heck, were here so just ride. Soon as you enter you see the gimmick--these poor pretty sexy ladies bathing themselves in cold petally water. manthis place is really huge-- and hella crowded, for clubs--id like it better if itd give you more space to move. I hated the snow gimmick --there was enoughunsolicited sweat to get from the dance floor. The dark orange lighting clicked for me, it surely matches the concept--with these old eastern empire walls.Mood was fine-- it was just the same same move and relax kind,, a lot of dudes tonight. But its not the night girls,, coz we got some 2 strict watchmen in tha  house. *pout. party time ? nope, green light has turned to yellow * caution! but yeah i had fun. except for the dance floor i just wish it was bigger, ppl were literally pushing their way around, making it easier for guys to ease up, F.  the score was a low three-- and tonight my name was "A" and a fake email for this guy time i was losing my sisters.. WHY DOES EVERYBODY keep going up the ladies room, lost my cuz again, had to go back to the restroom and third scorer had a good invitation to a lounge by the second floor@the back--too bad somebody was waving us to go back now--. **!#$%^*-lost my chance to meet new peeps.drinks $15 up,, after a while to bring back the mood we got back for another round. it wasnt until this time i realized that tonight was a male bartender night,, hmmm...thats good For a changeAdd one star for the ladies room. They had these clear doors that cloud up once you lock them. cool. placing  it on the second floor is a crazy idea-- free view for guys,, ??!!they surely know how to maximize the set up-- there were lounges all the way to the mazy exit if your gropuup wants to get seated. Crazy crowd,, but it sure spells fun. i am not yet ripe to say if its my place or not coz i have more hotter spots to conquer. LOL.
3	Welcome to the country of Asia.. Oh wait..We are in Vegas!! Is this where all the Asians always end up at? I have always despised clubs and clubbing. Maybe its the whole dressing up, getting sweaty in a long sleeve dress shirt while dancing, being surrounded by a bunch of sweaty people taking up your air space. Being a guy does not help either because you almost always have to pay a cover charge. I got around that though, since I learned IF YOUR A GUY STAYING AT THE VENETIAN, YOU DO NOT HAVE TO PAY A COVER! JUST LET THEM KNOW! NO COVER, SHORTER WAIT IN LINE (there is a line for hotel guests), we walk into the club in a matter of minutes. I even got through with sneakers! Actually one of the guys out front pointed me out BUT I still got in quickly before they could do anything.  Up to the club we go, as we walk up the stairs. Shit it is packed!!! I had trouble getting drinks all night because people were hanging out all over the place. You want to dance? Forget about it! I could not even move my way onto the dance floor. They did have some good music though, playing old school 2Pac songs, Biggie, Snoop, etc. When we were about to leave The DJ goes, "LETS GIVE IT UP FOR RIHANNA!! WE AINT PLAYING NO CHRIS BROWN SHIT TONIGHT!!" Good shit. We walk back down because we were hot and sweaty from dancing. Some guy almost puked on me! Luckily for the fast reflexes I dodged and got out of the way. He would have gotten a can if he did. We walk back down to the lounge area, find a booth to sit on without paying for bottle service. It was actually pretty empty in the lounge area on a Friday night. We danced at just hung out here for the rest of the night. I regret not bringing my big Costco sized bottle of Grey Goose to Vegas. Drinks can get pretty expensive here after having a couple shots of Patron, a couple of beers, Redbull Vodkas, Adios MF, you do not want to look at the tab. Just close your eyes, sign the tab, and walk away.
4	I'm not a huge fan of clubs in general, but... Tao is a full-sensory experience, if anything.Remember, Tao is still a Vegas club, no matter how you package it.  You get the requisite long lines, the requisite flabbergasting price tags on table service, the requisite REALLY HOT CHICKS, the requisite REALLY DRUNK FREAKS, and the requisite crowds.I just like Tao better than any of the other clubs in Vegas because there's just so much to see besides the people.  If I wanted to people-watch, I'd have strolled around the Strip.  There are mini-shows going on all over the place, people dancing on wall crevasses that you never even noticed before, half naked chicks floating in water, and... well.. just... keep your eyes peeled.  There's lots to see.A tip for the ladies?  Don't go with any boys.  Sorry, but we all know that a group of girls get in with little or no wait, just as in any club.  Boys, if you don't have patience, then shoot, just get a table.  It's Vegas.  You're supposed to indulge.
3	tao is crazy. the dance floor is way too crowded. so crowded you can't even move. guestlist line is super long. the only way to enjoy yourself is to spend the money for table service or know someone with a table. a friend of ours had a table and got our group in for free. being that we were a group of 13 girls with 5 guys we got their table upgraded to a VIP table on the dancefloor. at that second the whole night got 100 times better because we were all ready to leave otherwise. tao is definitely an experience. there's no explaining it, you just have to go and see for yourself.
3	Out of the 6-8 times I've been there..I actually had a pretty good time.  Although I still hate how you cannot see anything.Helped that we had rooms at the Venetian, thank you to my hook for getting our party comped and stamped.  We walked in had a drink then just went back to our rooms and killed a few bottles before going back in.Remember ladies: those bathroom doors need to be locked or else you're a free show. And dancing up there with your legs open for everyone to see your hoo-ha is pretty disgusting and vulgar. Nobody wants to see your exposed camel toe or your Britney.I, too, want to get paid to sit in a bathtub of rose petals.
4	So, I was skeptical at first because all my asian friends go there and I thought it was just gonna be another typical asian spot. NOT! there was a mix of all different ethnicities when I went, which was nice. :) They say if you stay at the Venetian there is no cover charge and a very short line, but even if you DONT stay at the Venetian, I am sure if you hang around there long enough you could find a Tao girl who is taking names down to be on the guest list. They don't ask if you are staying at the Venetian. Therefore, it's free for everyone! My suggestion is to drink BEFORE you get there because they are damn expensive. Dress to impress, beautiful atmosphere, the bomb music (playing some throwbacks to my high school years with back that a** up and oochie wally!), but the dance floor is HELLA crowded. This wasn't that much of a problem cuz I squeezed myself in and danced anyway! Downside or upside depending how you look at it, the women definitely outnumbered the men by a longshot.
5	Seriously Tao takes my breath away! after clubbing in this place...going back to SF n go clubbing is not the same. it was 11:30 pm..so the two of us got there checked out the long ass line n went up to the bouncer. acting all innocent, I ask where the VIP line is and just smiled. then he said "only u two girls??" I said " yes" (batting my eyelashes n smiling) he lets us in just like that. I thought "sweet!!" didn't even try too hard...once inside we got offered to go to VIP tables with these different guys n hey why not?!?!? hahhahhahahha..free drinks is always a good thing!! the music was hot..the bathtub girls were hot...the big open space n the fact that its 3 floors made it even hotter! love..love..love...the Tao Beach VIP tables =) u have not been to Vegas if u havent been to Tao....
4	I love this place. It's really well set up - the club is spacious and has a lot of ventilation - there's a great balcony there too for when you want to step outside for a breather. It was easy to get drinks & the music was great. Every time I go to Tao it's a guaranteed FAB time. If you have a lot of guys in your group, be sure to either get there early, get a table, or get on a list of sorts... it's tough to get in (late).
5	This is one of my favorites in Vegas!  Guaranteed good time to be had.  Never have had to pay to get in or wait in a line.  When in Vegas try this place, it is worth it.
3	Music sucks and tell me why I saw everyone from my hometown here?  It was like going clubbing in San Jose and Daly Shitty allover again.  I did not fly this far to see the same faces.  What I can say is that it's places like Vegas where I love being a female.  Sure the lines long but if you are with a group of girls, they normally just let you cut and lead you straight to the front.  Sweet!+3 because we didn't spend a dime and we still managed to get liquored up and endure the terrible music.  I think we heard "Pour Some Sugar On Me" 3 times that night.  Also, the place is HUGE so there was always somewhere to go and hot messes to watch.
4	This place is HUGE!! What like, 3, 4 stories? I lost count. Or maybe I was so wasted that it just seemed like more.We bought front-of-the-line passes online, which cut us ahead of everyone, but it didn't look like it would have been THAT long of a wait, which would have been a lot cheaper. (Our couple ticket totaled about $95.)The decor here is crazy Chinese, and there are tons of naked or near-naked girls all about. There were a few lazying about in the rose-petal tubs, some dancing in lingerie on stages, and lots of other setups that cannot remember.There were definitely lots of people from my hometown, as another reviewer mentioned - and lots of Asians and Filipinos. But I see nothing wrong with that! The music was pretty upbeat and easy to dance too, though nothing compared to the DJing skills of Steve Aoki at Prive that I experienced the next night.The downsides are that the bars are always super busy and crowded, it was really hard to get an order in. Plus, they didn't know how to make a bunch of things that are fairly well-known. (Tangerini, Superman) Also, the security is pretty strict, and got upset just when I took my shoes off - I didn't have my feet on the floor, I just wanted to stretch my toes real quick. I'm not used to cramped up heels.But I'd say it was a really fun experience despite the negatives I mentioned above. I suppose being a popular nightclub has a lot to deal with.I also loved being greeted with a "Happy Birthday" every time someone checked out my ID - even though it was a day belated. I didn't get that kind of greeting at Prive the next night.Plus, it just seemed like a lot of the people here were just plain more friendly. People were actually starting conversations with strangers and trying to chat around. Prive was all dance, mainly with everyone who knew each other. It was way harder to hear above the music there.If I go to Vegas again, I'd definitely come back to Tao. Even though the hot dancers made me feel a little bad about my own lazy-looking body.
2	UGH. i went here after tryst, and my oh my was it a disappointment.the moment i stepped in, i felt the sexual hostility and tension in the air.  like i was stepping into a den of LIONS or something. it was so packed, sweaty, sticky, dirty, and NOT-FUN.  i got surrounded by a group of guys from Israel and they freakin made a circle around me so i couldn't escape.  by the time they let me go MY BELT WAS MISSING!!!! how the HELL DID THAT HAPPEN!?!??!? i felt so VIOLATED afterwards. so i went to the servers and bouncers and asked them to look for my belt, and 15 minutes later they appeared with it.... SOAKED in stale beer, water, and other weird smelly fluids! EW!! EEEEEWWW!!! the crowd is really college-y where people are just OUT TO GET TRASHED and PLASTERED and want to VOMIT THROUGH THE NIGHT. but if you're into that kind of stuff, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU! :]
2	This place is not welcoming at all.  Yes, I understand that it was extremely busy.  It was the night of the Hudson sponsored MAGIC after party and there were a TON of people.  That being said, it does not give the staff any right to be as disorganized as they were.  Even though we were on Hudson's MAGIC after party VIP list, there was a lot of confusion as to where we should go and who would be walking us in instead of waiting in the 5 lines that they had going (for whatever reason).  Once we got inside, the drinks were NOT strong at all but they did take amazing care of the Hudson suite/ table so that made it a little more pleasant.  One thing that WAS good was that the tables were pretty inexpensive at $375 for a bottle of decent vodka.  The decor was very Asian... not any particular one but just in general.  Pools of water with rose petals in them, girls massaging eachother, dancers on a platform above the dance floor.  It was way too hot in there and it was definitely overcrowded but it didn't seem to bother many people.  The side rooms were more pleasant, but barely.Overall a lackluster club experience.  I'd be willing to give it one more try but only on a quieter night....
2	OK let me start of saying this club is way overrated! Everyone kept talking about this place when we got in to town.I guess if your into Asians and elbow room to dance, this place is for u. First of all we got on to the guest list but still had to wait a couple hours to get in so i don't recommend weekends for sure. It was free for the ladies of course and 30 for the guys. go go dances was of course hot. and so was the enviroment. It was packed like Mexicans in a Honda civic. Don't wear nice shoes cause there gonna get stepped on. We spend about an hour trying to find a spot to post at. It was so bad we just left. Body English at the hard rock even tho small, i would say was so much more fun compared to Tao.
5	Best nightclub in vegas! Decent music and good crowd...its a much better club when Tao beach is open in the summer. But never too bad to get in and the drinks are over priced but not way overpriced. I give Tao a 90/100
4	The first thing I have to say about Tao is that the lines are insane, but given that its in Las Vegas then it somehow becomes acceptable.  My friend was able to get us on the guestlist which gave us free admission before 12am.  A piece of advice for a bunch of dudes trying to get in...bring girls with you, or you will be waiting to get in for a reaaaaally long time.  We got there at about 11:15pm on a Saturday night, and looking at the line I thought there was no way we were getting in by 12am.  There was 2 lines, one was the regular line, and the other was guestlist, you can also get a bunch of friends together and try to get in faster by buying bottle service.  Surprisingly the guestlist line moved pretty quickly and we were in before 11:45pm.  When you enter you are greeted by girls in bathtubs covered in rose petal pasties.  The first floor is more of the lounge and has plenty of seats and a big bar.  When you work your way up to the second floor there is the main dance floor and there is a back room that plays the music from the dance floor.  There is more eye candy with scantily dressed girls by the door, go-go dancers, and a couple of girls in a bathtub by the main dance floor.  My only major complaint is that for a place that packs in this many people, you think they would have more bars & bartenders.  The bar is seriously 5 deep, and if you order your better off getting a whole bunch of drinks to tide you over.  I do have to say that hands down this is one of the best clubs I have ever been to.  The music was great...DJ Vice was killing the set, and the vibe was very energetic.  They even had a guy come out and jam with a saxophone during the set.  And for some strange reason Blues Clues made a "guest" appearance...haha.  Overall we had a great time, and for all the negatives that I hear, there are far more positive things about Tao that made it a great night out.  Next time we come to Vegas we will definitely be coming back to Tao, and maybe Tao beach will be open by then.
3	CROWDED, DARK!  If you lost your friend here, good luck trying to find them.  Not enough ventilation in here.Vegas Nightclubs:  If you're a guy GOOD LUCK and have fun waiting in line, unless u buy bottled service which cost big bucks up the ying yang.  Crowded. No where to sit unless you get bottled or meet someone who will be nice enough to have you join them in comfortable plush lounge area.  $30 entrance normally.  Guys-If you want to come see a girl wearing nothing but pasties then hit Tao Nightclub you won't be disappointed.  Decor is kinda cool.  Different rooms to dance in which is the cool part.  Just not my cup of tea.
4	Short review for Tao : I went on my birthday last month, and I loved Tao. I loved the decor, the bartenders, the people. One of the dancefloors was not crowded at all, and we spent most of the night there..the other one was incredible, you literally have about 5 or 6 people touching you when you're dancing from every angle.. its the most crowded I've ever been in any club. I really liked the fact that I was drinking all night and went to the bathroom like 80 times and didnt have to wait in line .. ( though getting there after a while  was a challenging enough) I have no clue how much we spent... but whatever amount I think it's worth it at least to come once. I will definitely come back.
4	not the BEST club in vegas ive been to - but definitely top of the line., very sensual. very seductive. small and crroooowddeddd dance floor. couple of different rooms so you can space yourself out a lil bit- enjoy the beautiful women in the tubs- but becareful - ure not allowed to talk to them or else the security guards will eat u alive.drink before u go. get in touch with your promoter so you can avoid 30 dollar cover and not have to wait in line.i was told there can be a lot of celebrity sightings here.
4	One of my favorite nightclubs fo' sho'. Very cool interior, good music, attractive clientele, and amazingly attractive "dancers'. By dancers I of course mean naked women sitting in baths (...). My review may be slightly skewed as I had the greatest table ever, but whatever. We went during this little "recession" and while we were able to negotiate prices for our table/5 bottles, the inside looked nothing like a recession. It was packed with people dropping  gobs of money. Just seeing it made me feel better about the future of our economy and the direction of our nation (...).
4	This club is always happening.Both times I've come here, there were lines out the door.  Even at midnight, the lines were still around the corners.  I think the cover is $20 but we got in free.  Yay for being ladies.Tao plays great music - 80's, 90's, rap, hip-hop and rock (old & new school) and more lounge-y type, slower tunes in the other room.  I like the main room better because of the energy.  The other room was playing a lot of slower hip hop, and it made me tired.  Of course you can't ignore the ladies wearing pasties in the tubs in the front, or the other ladies rubbing up on each other in their lingerie on the way in.  Or the ladies in the bathtub doing both of those at the same time in the main room.  And of course you can't ignore the guys staring at them with their mouths gaping, either.  The crowd is mixed here. some beauties, some uglies, mostly young (20-something crowd) and like Chosen says, the go go dancers are hot.     Cons:  Line to the ladies room is way too long.Smoking patio is cramped.Some guys are douchey/pushy/grabby (that's every club, though, right?)Nonetheless, this is one of my fave clubs.  The music would probably be at the top of my list of reasons for coming back.Oh yeah, they decided to start using plastic instead of glass for drinks.  No more shards to stick you with Hepatitis!  Hooray!
4	Ok so we finally got a chance to check Tao a club everyone raves about, and yeah it sorta lives up to its rep. We went 2 saturdays ago and the place was PACKED no Im telling u....PACKED!So we roll up and it looked like an hour long wait but we got in right away, no guest list, no lines or anything due to the fact that the girls we were with just had to do was be flirty w/the bouncers and BAM we were in!!!So we get in and this is how it goes:PROS:1) Decent DJ2) Drinks are good3) Go Go dancers are HOT!4) Lotta eye candy5) Club is nice really done up & bigCons:1) if ur ugly or have no pull expect to wait for like an hour2) the main dance floor is INSANELY packed, I mean like scary u might get trampled PACKED.3) Drinks are pricey, but hey its vegas what do u expect.So over all yeah the place is good times but I still prefer the Hollywood scene theres no place like home, yall should check it, hope this helps.
4	In the summer, Tao is my favorite club in Vegas (I haven't been to XS yet so that might change). The reason why I love it in the summer is because they open up the roof so you can also party it up at Tao Beach. This makes the club huge. I had a blast and I will definitely go back. If can't get in front of the line or are not getting a table be sure to make reservations earlier in the day for the restaurant. If you eat there ask your server for a front of line stamp.
4	TAO :)Wow! I wondered if we were going to top the previous night at XS nightclub (@ Encore).  It was just as good.  An Asian theme consisting of buddah statues, go go dancers, models covered in rose petals while bathing in a bathtub and red/black color scheme to match. That's just a taste of what we experienced that evening. We had reserved a booth for 12 guys celebrating a bachelor party.  Once we had reached the floor entrance to TAO (off the escalator), the conventional line was already insane by 10:30-11ish. If you decide not to go with a booth reservation, I suggest you get there early!! or speak to the bouncer in a PROFESSIONAL manner on a payout.  Don't be rude since money does make the world go round in Vegas.  The best man in our party then requested the TAO VIP host and confirmed our reservation (4 bottles). The velvet rope lifted and we were placed in a separate section.  We waited for 5-10 minutes before we were escorted into an elevator.  Our booth was located on the second floor (booth 11 to be exact).  Once the drinks were flowing our booth started to resemble the dance floor. Rammed with many friends we had met that evening which was completely insane!  Music was "poppin" in the main room, spinning hiphop & r&b, etc.From our vantage point, the main room was PACKED! I mean, it really is difficult to get around the club during its peak.  Put it this way, I gave up trying to get to the house room (to visit a friend who also had a booth) but I'll blame that on excessive amount of alcohol I had consumed that evening.Overall, an amazing experience and I definitely recommend a booth because you will want to avoid the masses of party goers in the club.
4	Great, great club!It is especially even more great when you get bottle service and a place to sit down and even your own small area to dance b/c... THIS PLACE GETS PIZZZZZZ-ACKKKED!  And I mean, shoulder to shoulder with random people you do not know... But if you are willing to brave the huge crowds, it's a great place to have lots of fun!  The crowds are consistently above average, there is good music playing all throughout... and it's one of the bigger Vegas clubs ... which means more area to roam (or more realistically, push and shove your way through) around...
2	For years, Tao was consistently fun but, as the Venetian has chased down market over the last 6 months, the club has followed. I was just there on Friday night and was genuinely sad to see what Tao had become. While other reviewers complain that Tao isn't "welcoming," the benefit of that policy was that the guy:girl ratio was relatively close to 1:1 and the crowd was well dressed and attractive. Now, while the drinks are just as pricey, it's become a sausage fest of sweaty, thug-like guys.The music selection seems to have followed the crowd. The DJ on Friday night was the worst I've heard at Tao in the 5 years I've been going there. Lots of 80s rock ballads. I'm all for Pat Benatar, but "Love is a Battle Field" is odd to hear at Tao, especially multiple times over a 2-hour period. It was on heavy rotation in both rooms on Friday. No song stayed on the turntable for more than about 30 seconds, and even then they were continuously interrupted with: "Everyone in the house from the LA, make some noise! Everyone from the midwest, make some noise!" Yeah. Maybe that's someone's scene. Not really mine.If you liked clubs like "Rain" or the old "Ra" (before it became "LAX") then Tao will totally now be your cup of tea. If, in the past, you had a hard time getting into Tao, now is time to try again because the controls have loosened. Tao is still an amazing space, but the town has changed in the last 6 months and Tao has changed with it. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like Vegas has the volume these days to support several hot clubs anymore. Tao, PURE, Jet, Bank are all losing their crowds to XS which is about the only place in town with the previous Vegas energy anymore.The good news is the restaurant remains good. Surprisingly, it's always been one of the best values for a solid dinner in town and it continues to achieve this. The management treats large groups well (reasonable prices, lots of flexibility, comping everyone in to the club after dinner) so if you're traveling with a bunch of people who want to grab dinner and then go out then there's still no where better. The lounge these days, which is free to enter, seems these days to have a better crowd than the club itself (and definitely had a better DJ on Friday night). Finally, Tao Beach can be a lot of fun. It's not open yet this season, but if it can establish itself this year as the best pool party then maybe some of the energy will spill over to the club as the night goes on. That said, I don't know how it's going to compete with XS which has more floor space, more tables, a better pool and a more integrated dance floor.I root for Tao to regain its former stature but... until the economy picks up in Vegas again, I fear it's going to be a pretty sad scene.
4	It's crowded but the music was great. The staff was nice too. How did I know? Well, I had a wardrobe malfunction and my girlfriends and I meandered to the bathroom slowly with them covering my behind (literally). Some staff members saw us and ran around to look for pins to pin the wear-and-tear up. They've collected quite a few too! I'd go back.
1	Not really any good points to this place:-A line at least 2 city blocks long-the douchiest guys I've ever seen-the drunkest, scantily clad females bumping into everyone sloshing drinks everywhere-the same aforementioned females cleaning puke off each other in the bathrooms before they go out for another drink-no room to do anything, let alone dance-overpriced drinks-top 40's CRAP MUSICTao was a total waste of time.
4	Girls playing in a bath full of rose petals? Confused? I still am.Ok so, again thank to Mike Nagar, TAO promoter. Got me and my friends on the list and we didn't have to pay. Just stand in the line and they ask who's on the list and I say my name and how many ppl and bam! That easy. You walk in or out. I can't remember, but you will see girls swimming in a bath full of rose petals with pasties on them and of course the guys looking at them as those they've never seen a half naked girl,.... for FREE that is.... ummm we will just leave it as that.The decor other than that is nice, Asian fusion influenced. Dark inside. The inside is fairly small and crowded!You can go up to the top and theres the outside section. Basically TAO beach at night. They have it sectioned off. There is the bar and a good dance floor there, hard to find places to sit and so watch out for when ppl leave. I like it out there, nice and opened, not so cramped as the inside is. However, be careful coming back down, esp those in heals. The downfall is the trek to get to the bathroom, a bit of a walk.Music is decent, you know the trendy stuff, if you don't mind that. Does get the crowd going. Speaking of crowd, its okay, I didn't really talk to anyone. LOL I just kept with my friends. But as I did look around, some good looking people. A younger crowd comes here, around 20 slight 30 somethings.
3	it was alright... the decor, the naked girls, the rose petals that turned into our confetti was all good. the stairs kinda freaked me out, i thought id fall buzzin! the main dance floor was too crowded, soo crowded i almost met someone.. my fist to her face... the bar service... slow.. and alot of folks were just standing at the bar sippin and talking so its hard to squeeze in. if your gonna take a single shot, i recommend taking a double, it will save you the time and effort plus you'll get buzzed faster. as for me.. i had a triple chilled patron shot, compliments of the nice ballerific handsome man on my right at the bar. *if your a female trying to get to the bar just squeeze your way between the guys, they most likely wouldn't mind you ordering first.. and return favor tell the bartender who's next!" the bouncers downstairs were hatin' a little. our friends friend had bottle service.. and was just randomly kickin people out of the group, i mean we didn't roll with them but it wasn't VIP. or bottle service area either. so we had a right to stay but left for other stupid reasons. the restrooms, i wouldn't even try it bc damm, that line looked long!!!music was ok, i was so wasted i bet i was dancing to anything..overall the experience was ok, alot of people bumping and flashing lights!
2	Never got inside.tips for entry I learned from my experience in line: -Get there early.-buy a table.-be a woman (in a group)-be hot (male or female)-don't wear sunglasses (the guy next to me)-don't wear a hat (they mentioned that)-wear single color DRESS shoes ($100+ is a safe bet, again, guy in front of me) -don't be ugly or have facial growths (guy behind me)-stay at the hotel to be on the "guest list"-look like a fratboy tool looking to get some puddy.There you have it, nice and simple way to make it to the door! Good luck!2 stars for at least having hot girls to look at as they walk past you into the club.
4	Tao on Thursday night is usually the place to be. Unbeknownst to me, other friends of mine had also booked tables, so we had an extra good time!We had an excellent table with a ton of foot traffic right off the dance floor. Easily one of the best in the place. Service was lacking, but it didn't matter. We poured our own drinks, did a lot of laughing, met a lot of fun people, and generally had a good time.Was very reasonable for 2 bottles/table. Meet a good host, take care of your host, and they'll take care of you. Highly recommend bottle service on crowded nights as well.
4	I was in Vegas a few weeks back with the girls. We hit up this place and had a blast. The place was packed and it was hard to dance but, for the most part it wasn't an issue if you bummed anyone. GIRLS - One thing to know... if you use the bathroom be sure to LOCK the door! When you lock the door it makes the glass frosted... it is plain as day to see what is going on for the tipsy girls that forgot. It was entertaining but, I wouldn't want it to happen to me!
4	First time. A friend called a promoter who got us in. He was pretty friendly, even met us at the casino to walk us over. We were placed in the special line and was assorted to the entrance surpassing all the other people in line within 5 minutes of standing there. The decorations were good and the atmosphere was nice. A lot of Asian people. The bathroom downstairs were nice and you pretty much don't have to wait in line unless you go upstairs to the fancy single stall bathrooms. Didn't really have a problem getting drinks either. Pretty fast. The dance floor was really small and super cramped. People hit you in the head while trying to get through. Music gets better into the night. The bubbles they have towards around midnight or something is pretty cool.
3	Have fun standing in line for 3 hours. well, the line at Pure is about 4 hours. But if you play your cards right, you don't have to wait long. So learn to play your cards right and you'll get in like I did.This club has a great ambiance, naked go go dancers, and great music BUT it is way too packed to the point that I think it's a for sure fire hazzard cause you can't even move; it's like sardines in there. SO even though it was great when I just walked in, I couldn't take it after 20 minutes. If you go here, get vip to avoid all this hassle. Luckily, my girlfriend and I found the VIP area and the bouncer let us in! There was so much space and room to get a drink at the bar immediately. Unfortunately, the rest of our group didnt get into the vip so we just left. I say if you go here, don't bother unless you're vip cause youll have to wait in the long ass line and then you cant move
4	I have visited Tao about five times over the years and I have to say I am really not that much of a fan.  I really don't know what it is I don't like about it.  The dance floor and bar in the main room does tend to get very crowded.  I gave this place an extra star because the ladies in the bath tubs are about as close to being naked as you can get without getting arrested.
4	It's good to be a girl in Vegas.  It's even better to be a group of 3 girls, with no guys to hold you back.  We walked up to Tao on Friday night and saw a huge line snaking around.  A promoter saw us, walked over, and asked if we were on a guest list.  My friend pouted and said, "No...is there anything you can do for us?"  5 seconds later we had his business card, 3 bracelets that got us an open bar until 11pm, and free entry.  10 seconds later we were walking past that pesky line, right in.  When you walk in the first thing you notice are the stone bathtubs lining the walls, with multi-colored rose petals and candles floating on top of the water.  Very beautiful.  The place is HUGE inside...there is a big downstairs with a bar area, and a really small, packed dance floor.  Upstairs has multiple rooms coming off a huge hallway where you can walk by and see pretty girls wearing pasties and bikini bottoms sitting in tubs together, or massaging each other.  (Kind of weird, but I get what they're going for.)  Aside from all that, there was a hip hop room up there with some of the best music I have heard in years.  If you go upstairs yet again, up a pretty long flight at that, you will get to Tao Beach, which is on the roof.  By the time I made it up here I had had quite a few vodka-sodas so...it didn't make much of an impression on me.  It was more of a "chill" scene, which wasn't what we were looking for.The crowd was okay...mostly young, white and Asian, and lots of people smoking.
3	A promoter had approached my friend earlier in the day and put us on one of the many lists to get in. We got to skip the "regular" line, fluorescent bracelets, and free drinks until 11pm. The following day we were repeatedly approached by more promoters walking around to get back on the same guest list. More or less, unless you're a guy there's no reason to be paying cover.The club itself is beautiful - dimly lit, with ample Asian touches throughout.  The first floor was very mellow and we soon realized that the 'real' party (and free drinks) was on the second floor. Up we went, checking our coats ($5), and getting out onto the small-ish dancefloor. We bumped and were regularly bumped into groups large and small, all vying for precious dance floor space. Security vigilantly kept track of the barricades that cordoned off the tables. The DJ that night spun a regular mix of 80's, 90's, and current dance tracks, at one point throwing in some Journey and giving me a distinct feeling that I could be back in DC with more personal space. The crowd was a range of ages and faces - from girls who looked fresh out of high school to a couple that was certainly closer to grandparent age. No matter, we were all content to dance and sporadically elbow one another. We didn't stay long at Tao. My group of girlfriends are relatively mellow and couldn't handle the ridiculous crowd for long - things got more squished in as the night progressed and we had to weigh our desire to dance versus our desire to breathe.Tao is certainly one of THE Vegas clubs to hit up and there are certainly no dearth of reviews to help you decide if it's worth your while.
2	OMG, sooooo overrated. Granted yes, we got in for free as hotel guests, but the place was so packed and the music was just eh. Drinks were pretty good, priced right, good amount of liquor. Decor was nice, cool ambiance. However, enter with caution: There's no space on the dance floor to dance, and if you stand anywhere else they (security) keeps asking you to move. WTF??? We spend the entire night being forced to walk around the club with our drinks just to dance...which we actually didn't really get to do. I felt like a herd of cattle! I don't know man. The ONLY way I would go back is if we did bottle service. This way I could at least enjoy myself. Otherwise, not worth my outfit and shoes!
3	I'd always wanted to go to Tao because I keep hearing people rave about it. So okay first night in Vegas we're like let's go to Tao. It was Halloween night so a lot of people were all dressed up in costume. We walked into the side of Venetian and there's a big line. This was like 11 something because we got there a bit late. We stood for like 10 minutes and the line didn't even move at all. And being all anxious as we are, we're like forget it let's just tip the bouncer. The club was packed so they letting one person out and one person in. Anyways tipped the bouncer like $100 and he hooked us in. Pay another $20 a head at the door so it's like $200 before we did anything. Okay so we got inside and I thought it'll look nice like those pictures I saw but damn it's so damn dark inside. It is so dim you can barely see anybody face to tell you the truth. The club is huge, but there's also a narrow walk way to another room and a few other smaller room. All I got to say is most of the times I'm just trying to squeeze my way around because it was so damn packed. And in Vegas you get to smoke inside so I was trying to avoid getting poked with a cigarette. They have an awesome system and played great music though. When we had the chance me and some of my homegirls dance for a bit. I just hate going any club when it's packed period, I like to be poppin' but room to walk and dance. I gave it a 3 because it was too packed and a few of us got lost and spend an hour or so walking through the crowd trying find each other.
1	The most overrated club out there. Everything about Tao was horrible. really.The one star is for getting in free, and the potential Tao Beach may have if the weather was warmer. Oh, and because I dont' think they offer the option of negative stars. Other than that, the place was AWFUL.First off, you have to climb three flights of stairs to get to Tao Beach...come on, even older clubs like PURE knew to install elevators! And you had better hope that you don't need the restroom all night, because Tao Beach itself does not have one. They make you walk over to the hotel pool areas that are closed off , almost a 15 minute walk in heels, 10 if you just take those damn shoes off. The music was kind of soft, but that was because it's outdoors, so I think they should get a better sound system.So the weather was a little chilly so my friends and I went down to Tao itself. Again with the stairs. And they have people trying to climb up to Tao Beach, so it was crowded. They had to have a kind of cattle shuttling system to coordinate the traffic flow in the stairwells. It was annoying at best. The music indoors was better, but god is it crowded. The decor wasn't all that great either, but there's a bunch of girl on girl action in the corners with their models and naked ladies in rose-petaled bathtubs, so I guess that somewhat made up for the other decor...lol. But it was wayyy overcrowded in there, u could not even get on ANY of the dance floors without running into people left and right, and it felt like being squeezed like sardines in a can. There was no way u could move without jabbing at people, or being jabbed at. That being said, one chick actually had the nerve to turn around and HIT ME in the back , call me a b****, and demand to know why I pushed her...............umm, I can't tell who's pushing who in this environment? I had been knocked into so many times, if I had ran over someone as a result, I probably wouldn't have known either. My friends and I couldn't get out of that place fast enough.
2	i dread this club because EVERYONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE wants to go there and it is RIDICULOUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSLY packed ..aghhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!ok.. good thing is.. its in venetian - beautifulhot girls in rose pedaled tubs right when you enter2 more hot girls massaging each other once you get in.bad thing is.. there is NOWHERE to dance because there are WAAAAAAAAY too many people..... it's stressful cause once you loose them, you won't find them again.so what's the use of a club when you have no where to dance? and can't even find your friends after you go get alcohol! EGH HORRIBLE! then you spend forever calling them but they can't hear your phone call cause the music is too loud. all in all, one time experience is all i need... and i had one too many
4	If I was a yelper during the first time I went to Tao last year, I would have given this place 2 stars because it was effing PACKED that I could barely move through the crowd or dance or BREATHE for that matter. However, I actually had room to move, dance, and breathe this time. I had a great time. I found a promoter and got on the guestlist so I got me + 7 in for free. The guestlist line moved pretty fast. The music was good and I had such a good time. My friends even got the DJ to give me a birthday shout out! I was so drunk that I didn't even notice at first. It went something like:"Happy birthday to Linda Yi from Orange County!"*crowd cheers*"Linda! He just said happy birthday to Linda Yi from Orange County!""What? Oh snap! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"Two things that make Tao what it is: naked girls dancing in the bath tubs and the bathrooms. The bathrooms are pretty rad. They're see through when unlocked but fog up when locked. It's pretty hilarious when a super drunk girl walks in and doesn't lock her door. I guess Tao is a hit or miss depending on how crowded it is, but I will give this place 4 stars for my most recent night :)
1	I came to Tao again, during CES.  I was with a group of 10, mostly men.  I had a few work associates inside, who had a table.  I told the bouncer we were with said group, and he said he'd be right with us.   Proceed to wait 30 min.  The bouncer then says we had too many guys and we had to add 4 additional bottles to the group's table.  They were fine with that.Wait another 20 min.We finally get in, and they put us in the most shittiest corner of the club.. and the 15 or so of us are trying to make ourselves comfortable while trying to dance, converse, etc.We ask the hostess if she can move us to the main dance floor, or something better to accommodate all of us.. she says there is nothing she can do, even though we just dropped thousands of dollars. I won't be back.
5	I LOOOOOVE TAO! It's by far my favorite club in Vegas and #1 pick every time I come out here. I don't care that it's freakin PACKED every time, I still have tons of fun. The music never disappoints and there aren't any repeats throughout the evening. Mostly hiphop mixed in with some old school beats too, but not some crazy funky sounding mix. The bouncers here aren't as uptight as other places and I like how VIPs get walked in through a seperate line outside. It feels nice to avoid the crowds outside the club. At times, the crowdedness becomes a bit unbearable, but I'm on such a high in this place...I don't want to leave...until my shoes totally give out. THEN, it's time to go.Crowd is dominantly Asian, around early 20s-30s. Quite a bit of eye-candy and not too many pervs. If you want to dance in a less claustrophobic room, go into the smaller bar area. They still play top 40 hip hop music, with a lil bit of house too.And the bathrooms are neat-O! The opacity of the glass doors transform when you turn the lock. PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU TURN THE LOCK BEFORE TAKIN CARE OF YO BUSINESS. The only bad thing is the wait. That always sucks. Remember to say hello to the rose petal covered girls inside the bathtubs when you walk in. Oh, and if you see 2 almost naked girls inside giving each other massages on the beds, they're not drunk. They actually work there.
4	Our night at Tao started off badly. We were on the guest list, but kept being boomeranged around from bouncer to bouncer in order to get in. Get it together, people! Organization is key! Once inside, you can't help but drop your jaw- what amazing decor, and what a big space. The main part was super crowded, you couldn't really get through anywhere, but the music was great. The bar was also full, but we were still able to get drinks easily. There are multiple rooms here at Tao, so explore! The other room was equally crowded and slightly claustrophobic. The crowd was a lot of fun, all sorts of people, different ages, looks, really was a super fun night, I would definitely come back. Tao Beach was also open at night, and that was really fun as well. I would love a nightclub like this in New York, I might even be inclined to pull myself away from the New York bar circuit and into the club circuit if we had something that resembled this HUGE space. And what was up with the half naked, bathing in the entrance? Seemed a bit random to me, but whatevs. In all, great night, lots of fun, management just needs to work on their door organization- they seemed extremely hectic!
5	The best club I've ever been to by far. I came here for Halloween. We had dinner before hand and met the owner's brother, who is the manager of the night. He got us into the club afterward and gave us a bunch of free drink tickets, which was very nice of him. The theme and decor is tasteful. You can see a lot of time went into choosing every fascia, from the bathroom sinks, to the bathtub hall. There is a heavy Asian theme but with the name Tao we shouldn't expect anything else. Asian accents throughout the entire club. Dark walls and flooring accented with red museum lights and Asian accents.The downstairs dance floor was packed but oddly, not full of douche bags. Don't get me wrong, douche bags were in attendance as they always are at clubs but the ratio of douche baggery wasn't high. Kinda unexpected. especially for a club in Vegas. Girls in attendance were beautiful and the bartenders and hostesses were even hotter.The electronically activated frosted glass bathrooms surrounding the dance floor is a nice touch. Although don't forget to lock the door or the glass stays clear! I'm sure the girl peeing for everyone to see can attest to that.The upstairs pool area is where this club really shines. Coming up to the pool area from the hot dance floor, we are greeted with open skies and even more dance floor. The music was great all night and everyone came out for a good time. Low douche bag ratio, high spirits, and outstanding decor is what separates this club from the rest. Tao has set a new standard for the mega club and should be a benchmark here on in.Overall, I had an amazing experience at Tao. The drink prices were reasonable and the crowd is energetic. Definitely coming back and recommending this club to anyone looking to party in Vegas but then again, isn't Vegas a constant party?
4	Las Vegas has officially become my Disneyland ever since I turned 21!! I have been to Vegas so much in the past 3 years that everytime I go TAO is a must!!! The majority of my trips have been with ladies which has made our visits to clubs FREEE with NO WAIT, but the times I have gone with a large group of men required a long wait and the fellas had to pay while the ladies are free. If the ratio of women are larger, the men will def. get in with a $20 or less cover otherwise they may be charged more! My advice either go with just the ladies or be prepared to wait, or if you have the funds get bottle service!!! The music is great and there are always generous people buying you drinks..hahaThe only thing that sucks is unless you have bottle service there is no place to rest your aching feet--my advice is go to the beautiful bathrooms on the second level and rest those aching feet or accept the many invitations from those generous people that purchased VIP and rest away!
2	A big WHA WHA!Didn't wait long because I was with a group of 6 girls but then found it was a $20 cover.  Since it was late, we decided to screw it, but as we were walking out, got handed free passes, so we turned around and went back in.Awesome interior, but the point of a nightclub is to dance. You can't dance if you're wedged up against 600 other sweaty, wasted people. I don't care how good you look coming in, you're gonna look nasty if you're sweaty and wasted regardless.I can imagine if you're really tore up however, it might be a strategic move to shove your way in to the middle of the crowd, since it's virtually impossible to fall down with all those people holding you up.Also, those girls in the pools are really depressing. When nice girls say hello and ask you how you're doing and you stare blankly ahead and strike a pose from a foot away, you look like you've been trafficked. Either that or you just have to get wasted to make it through your shift.
4	I don't even know why I'm reviewing this place.  It is obviously one of the most popular clubs in Vegas.  Don't even know or remember how I managed getting into this place without waiting in line too long.  Maybe the line wasn't as long as I remember I dunno.  One of a kind interior, Asian influenced with the most amount of Buddha's in an interior as I have ever seen.  Also probably one of the largest clubs I have been to in my life...it had lots of levels and even a rooftop level I think...  Summer is the best time to go, last time I was here (Aug. 2008).
4	Great atmosphere!As you walk in our out?  They have bath tubs filled with water and rose petals with pretty hott looking girls that look naked.  Covered with petals just on the nipples and private area...Before you hit the doors of the club are 2 more other girls wearing lingerie massaging each other..Other than that I though it was ok.  WAYYYYYYY toooooo daymn crowded!Felt like sardines up in that mutha! hahaha... Got bottle service in one of the other rooms... paid $600.00 for a waaack ass bottle, but service was from a hott asian girl with fake titsI guess it was worth it because we had our own area to chill at and drink.
4	New Year's Eve 2008 and 2009 (highlights)It was so good the first time, I came back and spent all kinds of stupid money again...C'est Las VegasTable Reservations = A mustExpensive = YaWorth it = TotallyThis club is my favorite in Vegas. The aesthetics are UNBELIEVABLE! I love hanging out on the balcony right next to the main dance floor and looking out at the strip. Tao Beach is the best place to go at night over the summer, but unless you have a table, have fun waiting 30+ minutes in line for a $18 Vodka Red Bull. The decor blows my mind and the go go's in the bathtubs with rose petals on their jumblies (1997 Austin Powers in reference to Fembots) add a real sexy touch. The DJs here always crank the best hip hop from the last two decades. *DISCLAIMER* Call the club earlier in the day and try to get on the VIP list so you don't have to wait in a line that usually stretches forever. You'll have to arrive before 10PM which is super early for Vegas, but if you show up at midnight, good luck getting in before 1:30. Much love for Tao.
2	The best part were the girls in the bathtub with the pasties...two of the hottest ladies I've seen, I kind wondered how they ended up with a random gig like that, I guess looks will only get you so far/pay the bills with 1 night of near nudity? Anyhow, they were gorgeous, the gogos were okay too....as for the club, the service was really good, for bottle service (bachelorette was treated very very well), but I felt kinda trapped in our booth and the rest of the club got TOO PACKED, the dance floor was tiny and even girls who probably wouldn't have otherwise, went on the stages to dance, simply for space. the upstairs bathrooms were cool, with their see-thru/fog glass door effects, also out of the tao, pure and tryst, Tao played the most hip hop, alot of cali hip hop and old hits, "hey...where tha bacardi at." lol, silly but fun.
3	If i recalled correctly, this was the first club I went to in vegas ..and it was okay. Did not wow me too much.
1	harpoon me, please.I write this with a particular bias:  I am OLD.  When I say old, I mean no longer willing to stand in lines/be cold/be shoved around/wait 30 minutes for a drink OLD.  Tao was freaky in the first place with nearly naked prepubescent Chinese Olympic gymnast rejects climbing over each other in tubs and on tatami mats.  I knew it was going to be a very long and disappointing night from that moment forward.  Even though our party was VIP, we still stood outside in the cold waiting to get in. That entered as Strike One in my book:  too many people in one club.  The next was that we were herded up to the cold-ass rooftop and huddled under heat lamps trying to figure out the most efficient way to get a drink (Strike Two).  Follow this up by ridiculous crowding on the inside, lots of pushing and general unrulyness and you have Strike Three for me. I all of a sudden became ill and that cemented the deal that I had to get the hell out of Dodge.  Plus the music was subpar by my standards and the drinks were both pricey and disgusting.  Never again.The next day, my friend's girlfriend (who hadn't gone with) asked how the previous night was.  In the interest of not sounding like a total killjoy, I said 'twas okay.  My friend quickly follows up and says tell the truth, it was painful......I'm glad a male agreed!
5	GOOD: Many dance floors. Decor is very Asian chic. BAD: Too packed.  To the point where you cannot move on the dance floor, so really you're just squirming. THEME: Sexual. The entrance is lined with Asian girls soaking in bathtubs.  For Halloween, the girls are variances of vampires and zombies and the bath water is blood red. Anything is fun when you're drunk enough.  Come with a group, get some drinks.  A much younger crowd here than at PURE in Ceasars.  The line can be pretty long and wraps down the hall at the Venetian.  So either call ahead to get on a shorter VIP line, or meander around the lobby of the Venetian and look for one of the club promoters to put you on the list.
2	I thought Tao was going to be a good place to hit after 1am. We stood in line for about 10 minutes, walked past the girls soaking it up in the bathtubs with no expressions and were told by the cashier that we would need to pay $20. Um, no...6 hot girls do not pay at the door.So, we march back outside, get passes and stay in line once again - once again passing the expression-less gals in the tubs. This time, we paid nada. We made our way through the club - pretty good music and walked upstairs. The drinks were too expensive at $13 a shot - not surprised, but not enough alcohol in them to warrant a $13 charge. The dance floor was way too packed - I felt like a sardine. And then we left. Tao - overrated and overall blah kind of place.
3	1 star for the chic layout2 star's for the good music the dj's were spinning in each room.1 star for the all the gogo dancers (deeyyummmmm!!!)minus 1 star for being SO packed - to the point where you cant move. I'd expect better crowd control for a vegas club.I think my friends hyped this place up way too much for me, it was an alright club - the crowd was  def. much younger which is a plus.i think 2 drinks were 26 bucks - damn strong thohaha they have this really big buddha statue in the main lobby, I laughed cause i have the exact mini version of it on my desk back home.btw i didnt have to pay cover to get in - def. would not pay $30 like some ppl did.
4	Great music that doesn't get you tired. It's a bit pricey to get in though. $20 for girls and $30 for guys. The good thing is that it doesn't close until 5am so you could go at like 2am and it'll still be packed. Got bottle service, which was good since we got to sit down most of the time.
2	The only thing still consistent with this place is the great music. Everything else has turned to poop. Nice try with Tao Beach, but seriously.. Lose some of the tables and make a dancefloor that people can actually use.They've decided to fill every last nook with tables and it's taken away from all the great spots to have a conversation. It also felt like they haven't paid their electrical bill, cuz there were definitely spots in the club that felt like blackholes. Would it take much to put a small light in those areas?!Also, the carpet is disgustingly sticky and the stairway to Tao Beach is ridiculous.Maybe my ideal clubbing experience has changed, but I don't think so. We shouldn't have to wait over 1hr for a table, when we arrived at 10:30pm. My money has chose to go elsewhere.
3	Really overcrowded with pricey drinks but that is to be expected. We were able to get in on complimentary line passes and admission from staying at the Venetian + an even ratio of girls/guys. Very hard to get drinks as there were just too many people. I'm sure this place would've been more fun had it been less crowded.
2	To be fair, the club is a fun place to party.  As a caution, be careful when you sign the envelope up front, as they will write in more bottles than those requested.  I attended with a group of three individuals, and they wrote that we had to buy at least two bottles - excuse me, two bottles for three individuals?  It's like asking that we voluntarily poison ourselves, I fought back and they said that I had to run up to my tab to $700 plus gratuity.  I found this to be disrespectful, as I would have gladly recommended my friends to this place, in the future.  The service was good but their business tactics are not cool.  Be careful when you sign the envelope up front.  I agree that the music at this place rocks but everything else has turned to poop.
4	Consistently good music. Mostly asian crowd. usually some celeb is there. If you are a group of girls its easy to get into the vip and dance up on stage. much better than being squished on the regular dance floor. Tao beach is just the hotel pool area, with music. but it's a good place to chill and talk to other people.
5	full disclosure - my group had vip bottle service which none of us paid for (long story).that said, i obviously have no complaints regarding crowds or waiting too long for drinks.what i can say is that for a 'non-club' guy, this place was pretty awesome. yeah, the naked girls in the bathtub and gogo 'dancer' rolling around on a bed were awkwardly awesome - but the overall decor very cool.the place was smaller than expected, but surprisingly i felt the same way of almost every club we went to in vegas.all i know is at 3am i found myself standing on a couch dancing and singing along to lady gaga. i almost took away a star for this, but ill blame the alcohol and not tao.
5	Once again, had the best time at Tao! Seriously, I had the most fun here out of the 7 clubs we went to during our time in Vegas. Met a VIP promoter on myspace and got walked in (past all the long lines) right when we got there at 11:30. Met some girls with reservations and received dinner, 1 drink and 1 shot for $10! Sweet! I like the room on the 2nd floor next to the Buddhas with candles. The DJ accommodated our request for Bay music and we were going dumb till 3am! And as usual- happy endings at Tao! I heart Tao!
5	I love TAO. It's always a must visit every time I'm in town. The things I LOVE:*getting in quickly, regardless of time of night (ok, so it's good to know people)*the asian decor- statues and candles everywhere*the hot chicks- the ones that work there anyways. almost naked and massaging each other on beds, clad in only rose petals in tubs, or go-go dancing on stage. we girls can look at them too! *multiple rooms- different music options depending on your mood*dancing all night- plenty of willing dance partners*TAO Beach- more of the club scene while getting some fresh airLadies- Don't forget to lock that door when you use the restroom or you'll be sharing your bizness with everyone! The clear door will only fog when you lock the door.Anyways, it's always fun, even when it's packed. I'm ready go to back. See you in a couple weeks TAO!
1	I USED to enjoy going to Tao. The bouncers are great, the music is alright, the atmosphere is beautiful HOWEVER the bartenders need to get their attitudes checked!  Unfortunately, it was not one particular bartender but several at various bars throughout the club.  On one night it was a male bartender who ignored my girls and I.  He opted to suck face with a girl who came to visit him, and when we asked for a drink, he gave us a dirty look instead.  On another occasion a female bartender on the main bar near the main dance floor gave my boyfriend and I attitude because we asked POLITELY for our drinks to be re-made.  Uh, maybe she wouldn't have had to do that if she listened to the complete order. She asked what we wanted to drink then was walking away 1/2 way through our drink order...no wonder she kept getting them wrong!  With my boyfriend and I in the industry, we understand things can get hectic and did not jump the gun & remained calm- maybe she's having a bad night?  Please explain why she walks up to us, slams the drinks on the counter and asks the gentleman standing next to us if he knows my boyfriend and to tell him that she thought he was a "F'n jerk."  ahahahahaha!  What a Bit@h right?  We still tipped her, but never returned to Tao again.  We will NEVER recommend Tao to anyone who sits at our bar and inquires about clubs in Las Vegas.
2	before i was giving tao the benefit of the doubt for easy entrance and no cover...i seriously f-ing HATE tao. but i ALWAYS end up here on my vegas trips...whyyyyyyyyyyyy??i HATE how its so overly damn crowded! how do u make sucha huge club but have the tiniest dance floor with people shovin NONSTOP i mean people do not DANCE here they just got rocked around by each other all sweaty and gross. then u have those annoying busboys runnin around with their flashlights pushin u out of the way. u have that cocky ass bartender when a song he likes comes on gives everybody the "talk-to-the-hand" cuz he will get to u later wtfreak???? the annoyingly long ass bathroom line for girls upstairs for boys to stare up their coochcoochies and the smallest balcony/smoking area. blah i hate u soo much if i come here again im an effin retard
4	We were invited to Tao by the promoter, and got in for free. I had my best night in Vegas at Tao, but I think it was because of the guy I met. I got hit on at least 5 times that night, and didn't have to pay for more than 2 of my own drinks. The bartender, Miss Sam, made me this deelicious drink that tasted a bit like a jolly rancher, but not as sugary. AND, no soda pop, juice or anything. It was as healthy as you could get for a yummy drink. There were a lot of cool people there, and the DJ was good. It does get crowded though, by the time 2 am hit you couldn't move on the dance floor (which should be bigger). But there's a balcony with a great view, and friendly bartenders. They had barely dressed girls everywhere either massaging or bathing each other, if that matters to you. The decor was cool, tons of Buddha statues everywhere, holding a bowl with water, rose petals and a lit candle. The rose petals are replaced daily. I'll make a stop back here the next time I'm in Vegas - assuming that I don't have to pay cover of course.
4	Sooooo if you wanna feel like you're important and high class and you wanna feel glamorous, definitely go to Tao. It gives off this atmosphere of exclusivity and once you get past the long line and walk through the doors, you're overwhelmed with "I'm in the in-crowd, let's fuckin' party". A place where you wanna go if you wanna get dressed up and look your finest. The interior design was nothing short of amazing. The chic look that exudes from Tao makes you feel like you're from The Hills. The chinese statues that are spotted all over the place and the private booths definitely add on to the experience. The place is huge by the way. So, if you go with a group, expect to lose a few people. The smoking patio is breathtaking. Basically a narrow balcony but you overlook the front of the Venetian and bask in all it's architectural glory.The music, meh. Typical top 40's hip hop crowd pleasers. As the night gets late, they start to get into the house techno for those E droppin' party goers that are pullin' all nighters. But hey, it's nothing I didn't expect.Overall, if you wanna do the Vegas club scene, and you wanna FEEL like you're a high roller, jump in your taxi limo (to add on to that "I'm Vegas royalty" feel) and head over here. Just take a piss before you jump in line.
5	Tao has been the best nightclub on the strip for a bit... The line is long... the people are beautiful... Unless you get a table, be prepared to wait outside for a while.... Definitely try to get guest listed and show up well before midnight. That being said... the inside of the club is great.... however unless you want to be told "you cant stand there" 100 times get a table! seriously. The VIP hosts always make sure your well taken care of when you get a table and it will ensure your night is perfect.... Also, Tao beach is a great extension onto the club... Who the hell can complain about partying on the strip with a great view of the Venetian, Palazzo, Mirage and TI? Come prepared, and you will have a great time....
4	It's funny because I was very adament about not going to Tao before. It just didn't seem like my scene. A promoter came up to us while we were at our hotel pool and asked if we would like to get in for free that night. Free? Why not? I'm so glad I did go to Tao, I had such a great time. The music was good and the space was awesome. I agree that the dancing area is quite packed but that's why I only stayed in that area for maybe 2 min before I gave up. The bartenders were cool towards me, drinks were pricey but they were all typical Vegas drink prices so when they told me $13 for a vodka seven I wasn't surprised. I ended up meeting some cool people and I can't wait to go back to Tao when I go back to Vegas in July!Side note: The girls in the tubs with the petals and the girls massaging one another definitely freaked me out. It just looked weird. But I guess as long as the guys are turned on they're serving their purpose.
1	this club is ridiculously crowded. i had to take a fat piss while i was on the dance floor, and it took me 20 minutes to shove my way into the bathroomWe were living in Pallazo so we got on the guest list and got in for free.This place is a cock fest, so be prepared for that, which is weird cause while we were waiting in line, it seems like they were only letting girls in. There are half naked girls in the pool when you first walk in, and although you would think it would be hot, its really not. Its actually quite creepy, because they just start at you with blank faces. Looks like they're super high or something. Then upstairs, there are girls touching each other on stage, which you would also think is hot, but is actually pretty creepy, b/c they are expressionless and seem very robotic. Drinks are watered down, bartender was terrible even though I was tipping her hella $$$. This place attracts nerdy Asian/white guys who think they are badass, but theses are the dudes that play warcraft when they're not in vegas, so you know what I mean. The only game they have is leveling up their character on their computers. I had to constantly swat fobby looking predators away from my female friends.Go to Tryst instead.
5	10:1 ratio.  Lots of ladies.  It gets really crowded throughout the night.  The main dance floor is the best.  Very good DJ.  Lots of hot go-go dancers.  The DJ in the small room was alright.  There's an elevator that leads to Tao Beach - be smart with the bouncer and he'll give you access to that floor.  One of the top tier clubs in Vegas.  The view outside is incredible.
4	Come early so you can see the "lay of the land" before it gets super crowded. I really like the outside terrace area. If you time it right you can see the volcano erupting. Came on a Thursday night with 3 other girls, didn't pay cover since a promoter found us that day at our pool and invited us. Received a couple of free drinks too from him. Drinks are the usual, $13 average for a vodka drink. Dancing was a lot of fun but like everyone says it gets so crowded so you wont have much space of your own. I was drunk so I didn't care much. I never had a wait for the bathrooms upstairs with the crazy doors but you know I could have just skipped the line for all I know, a lot of people stand up there to watch the scene below. I hope to go back on my next trip.
3	This is an alright place. I guess it was kinda large but got crowded on the second floor. Since having 10 guys we needed bottle service. This is not a cheap place for sure, but there were a lot of girls here. I admit that the price isn't cheap and it didn't help that there was two floors for our vip to be downstairs.. The dance floor was crazy crowded and couldn't do much there.
3	my review is based on the parts that i do "remember". When i went to Tao, their policy was a 50/50 girl:guy ratio. Our group was 10 girls: 13 guys, but we just found 3 girls to "come along" with our group. We went through the VIP line too. The regular line was at least 200 people long and didn't move at all. I don't even remember what time we got into the club, but it was insanely packed!!!! we all got separated and it was extremely dark to see where you were going. we finally made our way to a bar after 10 minutes or so, this was the main floor i believe? we decided to explore around and ended up on the roof top area. this place was also crowded, but since it was summer, it was HOT as hell. stayed there for a drink, then made our way back downstairs. i later realized the reason it was packed because they fenced off all the VIP area, therefore, making the dance floor SMALL. my group of 20 ended up chilling at the back bar where there was a lot of room (near the elevators). the drinks were the price i expected to pay for Vegas ($15 cranberry grey goose). bartender was nice and attentive, i assume because his bar wasn't as packed as the other ones. i dont' remember what the bathrooms looked like, but there were no lines (that i remember). i dont' remember the music, but i did leave vegas saying, "vegas has great djs!!!" so i guess it was good.
1	Sucks, sucks, sucks.  Music sucked, crowd sucked, lines sucked... there were lines to get everywhere.  Even to go down the fucking stairs to get OUT of the place.  I'm so glad I didn't pay to get in this hellhole.  We left after enduring a 25 minute wait at the bar for a round of drinks.  From what I saw, it is a place the Ed Hardy-wearing, Escalade-driving, breast-implant-having throngs enjoy the most.  GROSS
1	Forgot to write an update when I went the second time around. This place is horrible. Overly crowded, it takes you like an hour to get to one side of the room to the other and the crowd there stinks. Everything stinks here. I went there for an hour and couldn't stand it anymore. TAO is horrible
3	Can you say Asian invasion? If you like crowds and hot Asian girls? Then you will love this place. It gets so packed in here it reminds me of my former life as a sardine. The girls are unbelievably hot. It's like the hottest one percent from each Asian ethnicity called each other and agreed to show up at this place dressed up in their best outfits. It is a typical club, the hosts, doormen and bouncers are pr*cks. It's all about the $$$$$$$$. The music is good. There is only one bathroom that always has a long line. Prepare to wait long for drinks and crash in to  everyone as you walk by. It is a constricting loud experience!
4	I just came back from my second trip to Vegas this year and I have to provide a much needed update to my original review of Tao. This past weekend we celebrated my best friend's 'Last Fling Before the Ring' - though it was just the four of us, it was a ton of fun. Our first day walking the Strip, we managed to get all of the hookups that 4 beauties deserve. We managed to meet a promoter Marc, who hooked us up for both nights. We ventured out to Tao, our second night in Vegas. Tao was poppin' - ladies were given bands for open bar access for a couple hours. That meant 3-4 Bay Breezes on the house. We walked around and found Tao Beach upstairs. A little hot because of the desert, but would be fun to sit there in the pool to get rid of a hangover ;)We met some cool gentlemen from the Bay and because we decked out the bride-to-be in an awesome 'Soon to Be.." Sash and veil - we got our picture taken by every guy who passed us by. The music was really good and the dance floor was packed, but not difficult to bust a move in. All of my girlfriends had a bomb diggity time and I'd like to back again. It doesn't hurt we barely paid for drinks and didn't have to pay cover. Cheers!
4	Don't believe the hype? If you've ever walked by Tao on the weekend, the lines wrap all the way around the corner!  I can't stand waiting in lines.  Is any place really worth all that?  So for CES last year, we got invited for a corporate party which always means table service and line passes, so a group of us went.The decor is amazing.  Two floors and two DJ's.  On your walk upstairs, there are two girls in lingerie massaging each other.  That is your job?  Can you imagine?  lol.  The main floor has more dancers, Vegas at it's best.  Yes in this case, you can believe the hype.  It's pretty amazing.  When in vegas, always do bottle service, or get invited to a table.  :)
4	Went to Tao my 1st night there which was a Thursday  and it was the best night i had the whole weekend.  the people were nice and everybody there just wanted to have a good time..  the reason i don't give it 5 stars is because bottle service was very expensive... if you decide to get a V.I.P section like we did expect to drop a lot of dollars.. but hey it was worth it
3	to be fair, i'm not super clubby, the whole scene is kind of too much for me to process.  this place was interesting because of the decor (appropriated Buddhist imagery injected with lots of sex and bondage type stuff) and the music was fun (not too much techno).  there was also enough space to dance which is always a plus.  the drinks were too expensive for my cheap ass.  that's pretty much all i have to say.  i had a good time.
2	i would have to reiterate and completely agree with Cynthia L., OVERCROWDED!  we're talking sardines in a can status.  the venue seems large enough and the decor is well done, but for some reason they seem to reach capacity early on in the night and continue to let more and more and MORE people in.  i don't know about you, but when i go to a club i like to dance and apparently the only room to dance here was on the stage with the go-go dancers.  we did manage to find pockets of air here and there to breathe.  the bathrooms were also interesting, located on the second floor so you can overlook the dance floor as you wait, its out in the open.  the only privacy is a glass stall door that only fogs up when you close and lock the door.  i must admit i felt a little exposed!  ;-)getting in wasn't a problem, since we got VIP and our group consisted of 4 girls (always nice to be female) =).  the massive lines outside were a bit out of control though and apparently groups of guys will try to solicit groups of girls to join them so that they can get into the club.  it probably deserves closer to 3 stars...but i rounded down cause all i felt was suffocation all night by the sea of people.
3	OMFG.!! This place was insanely packed to the gills on Sunday night. MY girls and I met up with my friends who had hook ups to a table. Thank GOD, cuz we would have been stuck in that long ass line for an hour.UGH. It was like a cattle call. They told us to wait outside, then come back inside, then go back outside. WTF. Can you say organized?!Anyway, we finally get in for free (woot) and then proceed to drink it up. After a drink, we were all feeling good. It was Erick Morillo in the main room and he was awesome!! I had so much fun.However, the main room was so insanely packed that we didn't even have to walk. The crowd would move you along. Geez. I think we danced for a few minutes in the mosh pit before we had to get the F out.So, we spent most of our time upstairs at Tao Beach. Way better, more chill, but still packed as hell. I think 60% of Vegas was at Tao that night. In order to get drinks, we had to push through a mass of people who were drunk and one guy was puking by the bar. Gross.Why 3 stars? Well, it's really 2.5, but I felt generous.Oh, the bathroom situation is a huge PAIN. There are only a few stalls and you have to go upstairs and wait forever in line. I swear, I thought I was gonna pee on myself a couple times!I had fun though. Just way too packed for me. We left around 230 am and there were still people waiting to get in!
4	Came here for a bachelorette party so...1. I can't comment on the line.  We skipped the line and walked right in :)2. I LOVE all the little buddhas. It supports the asian-theme of Tao without being uber tacky.  The rest of the decor is awesome too.3. I didn't think it was THAT crowded. It wasn't to the point where I had to squish my way in between people.  However, I must say this: people need to watch wear they step cuz if my toes get stepped on one more time..I'm gonna flip a b****.4. Drinks are expensive..like everywhere in Vegas. Free drinks are the only thing guys are good for ;)TAO = FUN. Definitely one of the better clubs in Vegas!!
4	Once again...Tao did not disappoint me.  I did come here late on a Friday night.....one bottle min. for 8 people an even sweeter deal.  We came...walked right in and got our table....we were upstairs so great view and we didn't have to wait for the restroom...cha ching and we got to dance the night away.  We even had a few good shows like some girl falling down and wearing granny panties....sorry girl...so not hot.  And we got to see tons of girls going crazy.  I love this place....I usually make a stop here at least once on every Vegas trip.One big plus...the prices have gone down...yay for the recession.
1	This place has got to be the most disgusting, overly-packed, and over-hyped night club Vegas has to offer. It's like a rain forest in there...except rain forests get their humidity from the elements..this place gets its humidity from the sweat, farts, and carbon dioxide coming out of the crowd at a rate faster than a 30mm minigun can shoot. I'm trying to dance, why can't this stupid guy stop rubbing against me? I prefer being rubbed against by queens and princesses, not some sweat-soaked white boy in an ugly argyle patterned 7 Diamond shirt. The bar is ridiculously packed and strained. Don't expect to get your drink while it's still cold at the bar. If you want to experience how it was like riding in a Russian cattle cart off to the harbor in Stalingrad during the '40s, hit this place up.
3	So i finally gave in and went to Tao this past winter, the Saturday before New Years.  And I must admit, while I really REALLY wanted to hate it, it wasn't all that bad.  Pretty damn good actually.  See, this is the problem with reviews sometimes - you can't always base your opinion entirely on someone else's, sometimes you really just have to check it out for yourself.  So I went the normal route for entry, used a VIP pass and maybe waited about 7 minutes before I was let in.  As this was winter and I was smart enough to wear a coat, I went straight to the top level where the ($5) coat check was and got myself situated.  And that's pretty much where I stayed the rest of the night.  I made some new friends and was able to enjoy their table service, but this is not the only reason why I had a genuinely good time here.  The crowd was lively but it wasn't ass-to-elbows crowded up there...  They had a guy jump up on the balcony with the dancers and TEAR IT UP to Enur's Calabria on the saxophone....  The bathrooms are freakin off the hizzle with the clear-to-opaque door change....  Overall it was just FUN.  I enjoyed the overall atmosphere and decor, and of course the chicks in bathtubs are a nice addition (even if most of their fingertips were pruning and they looked chilled).  And I did buy at least one drink and don't remember being shocked at the $$$, so its obviously comparable to other clubs on the strip (actually, I had WAY WAY more fun here than the 10 times or so I've been in Pure...)I had a great time here and will definitely be going back again this summer, hopefully this time I will actually see the rest of the club and Tao Beach.   I think since this is one of the more popular clubs on the Strip, it is definitely worth a try.
3	Tao is okay.. I think it used to be better but like every Vegas nightclub, there is always something newer/better. The place was packed on last Saturday night and there was a great girl/guy ratio. We had a blast but my group usually finds a way to have a blast anywhere.They get 1 star for the hot girls that go there.They get 1 star for the girls in bath tubs. They get 1 star because I had a good time.
4	I have gone to Tao every time I've gone to Vegas so far (which isn't much, but still). It's a fairly large club but it gets crowded really fast. I took away a star because of how crowded it gets...but that just means it's the place to be, right? I love the feel of the place...oh, and I must agree with what Chris P. said about giving a star for the girls in bathtubs. There are half-naked ladies covered in flower petals in bathtubs. Ooh lala! I usually try to go in through the guestlist with enough girls...you want AT LEAST the same number of guys as girls...the more girls the better. Last time I had more guys in our group, but somewhere in line I found some lovely ladies who offered to help us get in by changing our girl-guy ratio 1:1. I'm usually out of there before I can get trampled by the thousands of people pushing and shoving their way around...plus, standing, walking and dancing in 5-inch heels certainly makes its mark on my feet by that time, anyway. Tao Beach is nice because it's on the roof...it is closed when the weather isn't ideal, but it's usually open if you go during the spring, summer, or fall.
1	FULL OF POSERS!!!**** GET A RECEIPT IF YOU PAY COVER*****I am dead serious about getting a receipt! Despite the long line..I didn't wait in line and got in immediately but I did have to dish $20 for cover. After 5 minutes of pure hell and seeing people just standing around looking for Christina Aguilerra or whatever stupid celebrity was supposedly there (I didn't see her btw) I told my friends it was time to leave. They insisted there was a cooler party upstairs where the pool was.. so we walked up there and the pool area was closed! I went back to the entrance and asked the bouncer for a refund and with a smirk on his face he said "Well do you have a receipt?". What a jerk! So, definitely get a receipt for next time! I left this place after 5 minutes. It was full of followers/posers and there wasn't even anyone dancing.. just people standing around wanting to be seen or god knows what. Pure crap. All this happened on a Friday night.PS- Tryst is amazing! Went there the next night :)
3	We ate dinner at Tao beforehand, which was deee-licious, but the club was just very meh....wayyyy too crowded, hot and sticky!  They pack you in like sardines and it gets very uncomfortable...no room for dancing or really even getting some air away from the small dancefloor, since the bouncers all instruct you to "keep moving, no standing" by the back wall area.  Also, the bathrooms are a little tricky, especially if you've had a few too many cocktails...you have to make sure to turn that lock just right or else the entire club can get a free show... I had much more fun at Tryst the following night!
3	i went there on saturday night. audrina from the hills was there (not that i care i have better things to do with my life then watch dumb bitches get tv shows that have no personality, i only remember her as the one that always looks hella confused) its a pretty big club but still pretty crowded. it lead up to tao beach on the top which was coo because i was there earlier for the pool party. the lines for the bathrooms are hella long so dont drink to much or else ull have to pee. i saw 5 girls wearing the same outfit that i were on friday night at xs so im really glad i wore something different. my newest best friend nicole was able to score us some flip flops around 3 am. there were a lot of guys there but nothing really special. ive seen better. it was a pretty diverse crowd. the only place in vegas that i saw asian guys (im from the bay area so its a little bit of culture shock when i dont see asian people ever 10 feet)i probably wouldnt go there again unless it was free. and there is no way im standing in line either.
1	man, it was so freakin packed!!!  we couldnt get in!!  the line was ridiculous, omfg!!  we all got all cute lookin' and ended up goin to the damn casino and waste money!!!  it was memorial weekend, that should explain it.will be back next time..
3	Visually, this club is amazing! Beautiful girls dancing everywhere, so much stuff to look at, and I loved the buddha wall.My friend and I got on the guestlist and were seated with a group of a bride-to-be and her bachelorettes. Crazy ass bitches!!! Loved it.It was awesome getting our own table with a bouncer, and free vodka drinks (this was the day I was recovering from my hangover, so I just sipped on beer all night versus the free drinks).By the time it was 11p.m., the club was a madhouse. My friend and I lost our table and weren't allowed back to sit down, there were guys being complete douches, and it was nearly impossible to walk anywhere. Guys could EASILY cop a feel on hundreds of women just by the close-ness of the crowds. Took forever to get drinks, too. And there were just way too many people! Definite fire hazard.Don't get me wrong, my friend and I had SO much fun dancing in the side room near the bathroom... there it was less crowded. They had good music playing, old school 90's hip hop, I looooved it!!! Definitely got freaky, but no way would I let any of the guys at that club dance with me. I wish we could have stayed late, but by the time it was 1:30am the club was way over capacity and my chest started getting all tight and I got anxious.Not my scene, but it was definitely an experience... and when "Hypnotize" by Biggie came on, it was all over ;)
3	I really really really like this club, but unfortunately so does everyone else. It's just way too crowded here. Got in relatively easily after giving a call to one of the promoters there--didn't have to wait in the line that wraps around the upstairs. I guess the lesson is to get here early if you're on the guestlist, eat there, or have the number of someone on the inside to skip the line. Although one thing that made me angry is that my two girlfriends had to pay the $20 cover as well as one of the guys (but that was expected). I don't know how my bf and I got in for free. They shouldn't be charging cute girls cover!! Anyway, that aside, it was a pretty good time overall. Try to avoid the crazy mad house by going to the dance floor next to the bar with the many Buddha statues.
2	Just went this past Saturday night.  Beautiful club (the decor that is), but not worth the time or money.  Didn't have to wait as our group had a table so I can't comment on that.  The first DJ was ok (rocking the laptop to spin his iTunes), but the 2nd DJ was really good.  Unfortunately we were over the "scene" by 1am and decided to leave.Things to note:If you're a 20 something girl who likes to dress like a skank - this is the club for you.If you're a 20 something guy who acts like a douche - this is the club for you.If you're a 40+ something guy who likes to hit on 20 something skanky girls - this is the club for you.If you like to be able to move on the dance floor, walk to the bathroom, have class and don't want to wait 30+ minutes for a drink - this is NOT the club for you.The club was filled with douch-bags and skanks.  One of the owners had reserved a table in the same area as our group and was a complete moron.  He was a coked up idiot that kept bitching at us to move/get out of the way.  Hello when people are spending thousands of dollars at your club treat them with respect.  No one is impressed that you have losers like Pauly Shore at your table.  If you're going to have a party of 30+ people then use a space that is more that 6'x4' in size.
5	TAO is one of my favorite night clubs yet some nights I go fellas are not allowed till after 12pm because they want to fill up the club with just ladies it's all good because down the street is JET Night Club which is also one of my faves... This club is just one of the ultimate dance club I've experienced makes you feel like you are in VEGAS!! Good Music that will make you dance your ass off... Party don't end till past 5 in the morning making you feel exhausted afterwards. Fellas lots of beautiful ladies so dress to impress and make sure you turn your swag on!
5	My recent trip last weekend with my girl friends was awesome! We got in VIP list, got seated at a table(for the meantime til someone bought it.. its all good though, cuz we wouldn't have paid gazillion dollars for a table) and the drinks were free! It couldn't get any better than that! The music was great, showed my mad dancing skills, with my flats! Yay!  Sadly, the girls had too many free drinks and had to leave...but at least This time was better than my last visit at Tao... Overall, its a great place to go clubbing, very nice and I guess I can say much more classier than other clubs.
2	While it may sound like a great idea to have every usable inch of floorspace occupied in order to create the illusion of popularity, the idea ultimately fails when it takes 15 minutes just to cross the dance floor in search of air. Oh yes I had a great time standing still while hordes of people passed through me walking to god knows where. You call this a club? I liken it to a sardine can and a fire hazard too. The venue itself looks more like a really dark warehouse with a few couches and tables sprinkled around. Oh and you'll notice the use of live 'manikins' posing in provocative and sexually suggestive postures, consider them as nothing more than wall decor. If you do decide to go and 'dance,' save yourself hours of wait time and eat at the restaurant first, they'll let you move to the front so you can join the rest of the cattle herd for slaughter.:|
3	I like the idea of the different dance floors on different floors but i felt like the stairs were such a hassle. I had to pee so bad before getting into the club and they made us  walk all the way to the top floor of the club where the pools are and to the far away bathroom. It suckeddddd! i liked the music in most areas, i liked that there were a lot of different places you can go to dance, i liked that there were models everywhere- i.e. posed/modeling in bathtubs, beds, cages, etc.. that was pretty fascinating haha.. i liked the bathrooms where it looks like you can see through it but once you lock it you can't see through anymore.. but what i absolutely hated was how packed it was. the most packed club i've been to in vegas, not that i've been to that many, but still it was insane we could hardly even move around.. we spent a majority of the time just trying to get through the crowds.. finding each other.. finding somewhere to dance.. ah it was a headache. so as much as i enjoyed the club itself, i couldn't enjoy being there that much because it was just sooo crowded.. *sigh*
4	I got engulfed in the blink of an eye, even with my 3 inch heels. The only way to avoid the lines is through a few different options (or a combo): a.) Get on the VIP list if you're a guest of the Venetian or Palazzo. But the guy-girl ratio requirement was frustrating. The promoters said there needed to be an equal number of both genders or more girls. But every one of us got in for free b.) Grab the free passes for ladies littered around the hotels with gentlemen discounted c.) Work it. As soon as I stepped in, I got reprimanded by a bouncer who thought I was taking photos of the rose petal covered (to use the word lightly) girls sitting in the tubs of flowers. Um, no. I was taking a photo of the actual petals in the empty tub next to her and her presence nearby scared me! The club is actually upstairs and there's a dancing area roped off. Dozens of bachelorette parties were raging around with their white veiled heads and recently turned 21-ers were definitely getting a little crazy. The DJ who first of all, hugged me as soon I stepped inside ... odd, got obnoxious with all his hip "shout outs" blaring into the mike. How many times can you say "to all the Californians out there!!" in an hour? Eight times apparently. But the average age was around late 20's early 30's I'd say and it's difficult to get fresh air since the balcony is covered with smokers albeit a gorgeous view. The music was delish and confetti and little bubbles floated through the air. I just couldn't get over the crowds though, no bouncer better get in my way if I want to get on the dance floor. Firefighters would have a heart attack at Tao's over-capacity.
3	I will admit this upfront - I get claustrophobic. I'm not a fan of being pushed around in a mob of people while drinks are constantly being poured and sloshed all over me. We had bottle service in the 2nd biggest room... we ended up dancing there most of the night because the main room was too damn packed. Packed to the point of being miserable. Hey crazy dancing man flailing your arms around - check yourself buddy, it's body to body in here and your keep wacking me in the face! Hey drunk girl holding your drink over your head - stop sloshing it all over me! Yeah, this was kinda how it went all night. Clearly I wasn't drunk enough for this. The patio was nice.. but small and difficult to get to (it involved pushing through said sea of people!). Decor was nice, music was nice, but I left wishing I was at Tryst or XS and could breathe! XS really spoils you. You start to expect room to dance, breathe, whatever and you're certainly not getting that at Tao.
2	Yeah.. not so fabulous. I expected a lot more from this place esp. being where it is and the huge crowds trying to get in. $15 for guys free for girls the Sat. night we went with our guestlist passes. Hella drunk asian girls and a bunch of old white men trying to feel on them, no thanks! For a vodka cran and a bud light was $21!?! For what? A bunch of ice in my drink? LOL I'm down with the $1 margaritas from now on because they give me more of delicious buzz and hello they're a dollar! Thanks again bf for coming with me and paying but next time you direct us and we'll find the REAL clubs of Vegas.
3	Ok, in theory this place is great. It deserves 5 stars just for the mother freakin bathrooms!!!! They have individual stalls and when you step in, the door is see through. I was standing there like WTF im not peeing with everyone outside being able to see me! Thennnnnn the bathroom attendant told me to turn the lock and BAAAAM! The door is smoky and no longer see through. Being as drunk as I was, I was amazed. AMAZED! lol The music is great and the club itself looks amazing. There are buddhas everywhere and I couldn't stop taking pictures. HOWEVER, this club gets minus 2 stars for the fact that its SO FREAKIN CROWDED! I've been to vegas quite a few times so I'm pretty used to crowded clubs but COME ON! It was RIDICULOUS. There was no possible way that you could even so much as sway to the music. All we did was stand there and attempt to bob our heads while we got drenched in spilled drinks. Needless to say, we got out of there and headed over to Prive, which was pretty cool...I THINK. I was too drunk by that point to remember.
1	Update on TAO : Went back last weekend. Still really nice but come on!!!!!!!  whats up with the CRAPPY MUSIC ALL NIGHT??????? By like 2:30 AM all they were playing was some 10 year old techno. And the staff is dumb as rocks - we had  to close our tab at a bar they decided to shut down and while were talking to the bartender there's some moron telling us we had to leave  the area. I literally screamed at him that we needed to get our freaking credit card back for like the 5th time! I think my run  @ Tao is over - next time were in Vegas , were sticking with XS.
3	Like my man Kurt S. says, all good asians are obligated to go to Tao once. I had my fair share of visits to Tao club/restaurant. Even though Tao isn't the heavyweight champ it used to be, I would say that title belongs to XS. Tao did set the standard. If you never been I would say it's worthwhile to go once. There's two rooms, one is smaller but roomier and plays a mix of hip-hop. The other room is the dance floor which will get crowd to the point of suffocation. But there's two separate bar area that will give you breathing space. The music now is disappointing, it seems early in the night it will have good music. But later on about 3am they played a lot of techno. Unless you're uber snobby jet set, go at least once. Another thing, what I hear/read a lot is peeps complaning about the long lines, expensive cover charge/drinks, too many people, and constantly getting their ass groped. No shit captain obvious, that's at every Vegas club. Stay in your room or at home. It's sin city not Iowa!!!
3	I iike how damn big this place was.  The Hip Hop room was ok- music could be louder.  The crowd a little bit more energetic, but the house area was off the chains. Huge- but thought it was odd that there was a super long line to go pee for men.
2	The club is really nice...IF you can see it!  Really way too crowded and not worth waiting in line at ALL...  Unless you plan on getting a bottle...you'll be packed in a like a can of sardines and paying mucho dinero for drinks...Also the music wasn't that great...  Next time I'll pass and go to Prive or Jet...
2	Way too crowded now...Tao is not what it use to be. You can barely move. But I must say the decor is still beautiful.And maybe...just maybe I'm biased because my hair caught on fire at Tao...beware of the candles at the bar...They lit me right up!Go to XS...you will be delighted
1	O.k me and my buddies went to this place last Saturday night on 4th of July and all I can say is this place is a total Mess. The Bouncers were Rude and Obnoxious, they don't treat the people there as customers, yes it was crowded and yes there was allot of people but the bottom line is if you're not VIP or 5 Hot Girls, you'll never get in this club. I guess you have to Bribe the Bouncers so they can get you in or Buy $500.00 bottle that's only worth $35.00 at Ralphs so you can get in this place. What nerve these people have, Total waste of my Night..I hope the whole Universe never go to this Club. Trust me you will thank me in the end.
3	There aren't many clubs out there which can boast about a crowd circling the entire mall area infront of it at 10:15 PM, 15 minutes after they open. But Tao is one big bad muda of clubs in Vegas. They got 2 floors of clubbing area, and 2 dance floors on the upper floors. This place is designed to handle over 3000 people. So how in the world does it get crowded? Well it did on 4th of July weekend. We got here early and thanks to gf's guestlist, I was yet again able to get in cover free. We waited a total of 30 minutes in line. The bouncers were fairly organized, and had some great crowd control abilities. Infact they were throwing people out of line that were just wearing polo shirts and ripped jeans. Apparently it did not make the cut for that night. Upscale fashion here only.  Ladies here were not as hot as Tryst or XS. I would say only 20% were smoking hot, or close to smoking something. 40% were average, and rest were pretty beat looking. I guess some people just come out to clubs to see what the rave is all about and forgot the make up and hair back at the hotel. Drinks were by far the most expensive drinks I have bought in Vegas. $13 for a vodka cran (house vodka). Tryst charges for $12.. I guess they are engaged in some type of price war? I bought one round and then took a little breather at the bar next to the food court. Came back loaded and was ready to go again. The music was definitely more happening on the main dance floor. They had some great mixes of top 40, mixed in with some classic hip hop. I would love to see a world class house DJ do his thing here though. The sound system sure can handle it. The side room upstairs played more gangsta rap with more of a younger crowd. While downstairs played a bit of new age, trancey type of stuff. It was more of a lounge environment downstairs with hardly anyone dancing.Either ways, I love the club, loved the employees and the bartenders. They do need to drop the drink prices a little, and probably keep some people out when they hit the fire martial limit. Either ways I will be back on a 'non-weekend' night to check this place out again. It's just too happening on a Friday night for me to enjoy the place.
3	Ok, this is your typical Las Vegas night club. Tons of bachelorette parties, tons of bachelor parties, basically TONS of people.  There is a line that wraps around the top floor of the entrance beginning probably around 10 and lasting til 2 am.  We got approached real quick in the front by a bouncer who offered us a table for free.  I assume it was because of our wit, charm & intelligence.  We were escorted by a beautiful man in a dark suit up the elevator and to our table where our adorable waitress took orders.  I mean the bottles are pricey as hell ($500 for ketel one, $1000 for patron - stopped looking after that).  Rounds of shots werent two bad, probably about 100 for 10 shots.  Theres a fun catwalk where the hosts "encouraged" us to feel free to dance on.  However we were replaced with the cute bathtub girls and dancers.  It was really really hard for us to leave the table area as it was sooooo crowded we could hardly MOVE.  Tip: have vaginas and itll be fine no problem.
5	What can I say other than this is the best club in Vegas!  They have the hottest girls in town and the service was outstanding.  Courteous and professional door staff ensured that we entered the club quickly.  Will definitely go back!
3	Crowded, Crowded, Crowded.  Those are the best words to describe my experience each time I've been to Tao.The lines here are waaay more organized than Prive and Body English, and are just as long.  I can't say about cover costs, cause we've either been guests of the Venetian, got on a Promoter's g-list, or ate at Tao, but I hear its like $20-$30.Drinks are average Vegas prices, but due to the sheer volume of people in the club, in all their air conditioned rooms, there is very little room to dance let alone breath.  You could always go up to Tao Beach to get some room, but who wants to be up there sweltering in the Vegas heat.Overall, for me Tao is just so so.  I'm sure the experience is different if you bought a table, but until then, it still just aight.
3	I got kicked out of here for walking into a mirror. True story.
4	This club is freakin crazy to get in! Lucky for me, I have balls to walk to the front and take care of the doormen, but the line here is crazy!!!! ALL THE TIME!. Music is good, club is big and ALWAYS JAMMED PACKED, very easy to get lost here. Havn't had bottle service here, but this is a good club to go to if u just wanna have a night out. you def. need to be all hot girls or have an even ratio to get into this club, or you can forget about it.for alot of my friends, this is their club of choice... EVERY FREAKIN TIME THEY COME TO VEGAS. lol!
5	My FAVORITE CLUB in Vegas!  I've been to this club many times and it never fails me!!!  The decor is absolutely stunning... you walk in and you are kissed with the essence of Tao.  The music is great, DJ knows how to mix and it's not hard to get drinks.  I LOVE this club....There is a lounge downstairs and I've had some really fun nights there too.  The music is great, this is just a really amazing place.
4	Tao is the standard GO TO party place while in Vegas.  Numerous dance rooms to chose from, indoor/outdoor, fast and efficient bartenders....I am there!  We (all girls - no guys) got in thanks to a club hook up (thanks Mike) and with a minimal wait (5 mins) and no cover a little after 11 PM while the regular line wrapped around the escalators outside the entrance.  Yikes... If you don't have a hook up EAT dinner here (I've done that in the past...the food is good and your cover is waived if you dine at the restaurant) - best chance to avoid the line if you are in a mixed group.Again great music, DJs are AWESOME and lots of options to hang out in various rooms and if you want to go outside head to Tao Beach or  the balcony outside  the main dance.  The *only* negative thing about the club is the staircases....oh man the stairs....after dancing for several hours your dying in your heels at 4 AM climbing them!
4	Came here solely because of the promise of open bar and no cover. As seems to be the case in Vegas (this was only my second time here), a pack of four chicks is a target for the club promoters and so with the promise of free booze we were pretty much sold. We barely had to wait but it was kind of a funny situation going into the club. They basically gather up all the girls with passes and lead you through the main line and upstairs to the main dance floor. My friend referred to this as the "ho train" and that's pretty much what it looked like: a long line of scantily clad women. Whatever though, I was down with riding the ho train for no cover!They didn't lie about open bar either but of course there are exclusions. House liquor and pretty basic drinks but I'm not complaining. It was seriously crowded with only 2 or 3 bartenders for a crowd of hundreds so we basically spent the first hour gathering up a collection of booze (before open bar was over).  The decor really is stunning and very impressive and embodies everything you imagine a club in Vegas to be like. It was also SO crowded. The dance floor is pretty big but good luck dancing without rubbing up against someone. No where to really chill without table service either and the bouncers will move you along if you try loitering anywhere but I suppose that is to be expected. Also the go-go dancers were hot. Overall a very entertaining and luxurious experience.
4	Tao is one of the better clubs in Las Vegas. There are however much better clubs in town though. Does that make sense? LOL! I've been here numerous times and the bouncers can be a little much here but the decor is Zen like and pretty unique. When you walk in the door, you are greeted by some lovely ladies sitting in a bathtubs filled with water and rose pedals. Yum! With numerous rooms and even a pool outside it made this place pretty cool. The DJs knew what they were doing as well.We had an awesome hookup with a table and 2 bottles on the house! Yes, we roll VIP style. We did however slipped the staff a nice tip for about 15 of us. I happened to be drunk prior to coming here though as I had 10 or so drinks before even entering. The extra 3 or 4 drinks did me in! LOL! I think I even passed out for 15 minutes! LMAO! I can see myself coming back to Tao! =)
2	i came here the first night of my bachlorette party and the club was packed and really crowded. the crowd was older and it just wasnt as fun as club xs. we had a table here too but it was small and since it was on the dance floor all night people were trying to sit at our table. my gf's had drinks spilled on them bc it was so packed. i dont think ill be coming back here next time im in vegas
4	Huge club. VERY crowded. Great music and sexy gogos. This is definitely a happening club in Vegas and you really just have to go to experience it.
3	Came here on a Friday night and had an awesome time. Its was a crazy 4th of July weekend, and among the a-listers there, Rihanna was seen stumbling around VIP. Music was decent. crowd was good looking, and even kinda friendly. Had a good time on the this particular night but I've been there on other occasions and it was kinda blah so i took a star off overall.
4	Rated as one of the top clubs at Las Vegas, Tao never fails!I took my boyfriend here for his 21 birthday and we had the best time at the club in our lives! Although the drinks were very pricey, 2 shots and 2 well drinks for 60 bucks, what else can you expect for a club?So if you are worried about the price, I suggest you drink it up before entering the club to make things a little easier. Also the cover charge is a bit high, 20 for the ladies, and 30 for gentlemen, so if you can, try to reach the guest list somehow to avoid the fee.Party on!
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 3 of many reviewsWhere to go on a Thursday night when in Sin City?taoRolled through this initially small and dark and crowded space. I cut straight to the bar with the alcohol pouring sexy and imbibe while bouncing my head to the beats. Of course while on my mad dash I left everyone at the door. I circle around and can only find one single soul from my party... and she came out of the bathroom. We circle around and are still lost, however I figure to go upstairs. We decide to go upstairs and are so hammered that we didn't question why the security guy sent us back down. We drank some more and then finally her bf came back down to claim us. I walked up those stairs and flashed my wrist as I previously did and this time got in like it was nothin'..... weird....Anywho... back upstairs stage right... and bam, like a caterpillar emerging from it's cocoon the small dingy dive bar turned into a cavernous room with dancers on ledges, LMAFO singing (the Bay, Trick), an orgy of people everywhere, two bars, outdoor ledge and then some. The one thing I liked most about this section of Tao is that there was a lot of house music. wootWOOT!Back the other way was two more bars and a large ass lounge that played hip hop. Not quite as energetic as I would have liked but where my party goes, I go.. for a lil while at least. So back and forth I went to find my groove. The drinks were strong, the music was loud and the women were workin' it. With all that the highlight of the night was when I was leaving... as I drunkenly searched for the stairs I stumbled across two lust driven lovers out in the open. They were making out and groping each other... one got down on her knees and lifted the other's mini skirt and got down to business....*sigh of resignationI left them to their devices as I was forcibly swept away by the crowd. i only wanted to tip them or offer assistancelolololololol;D
4	I love Tao! It is always a must to check out when you're in Vegas! some love it, some hate it - but i always have a good time there! Tao is a beautiful venue with amazing crowd. Me and my friend had a chance to party with the owners on our last night in Vegas there and they're very cool guys - they seemed pretty down to earth. The whole atmosphere at Tao is down to earth actually with people who want to party!! You really feel liek you're in Vegas when you're there!!! The place is huge but the downside is that its all divided into different levels, which can be annoying to walk up and down the stairs all the time. I know there's an elevator but its too much hassle to wait for it. The club get very packed! I think their best night is Thursday! I've been there on a Saturday but its a totally different atmosphere crowd-wise. If you're looking for a place to party on a Thursday - hit Tao! You won't be disappointed!!
4	Tao is still one of the best clubs in Vegas with its sexy go-go dancers, though after being here 3 times, it's starting to get old.The club itself is pretty small and shares space with Tao Restaurant. It's also extremely crowded during the summer on weekends. You won't have much room to move.One of the most important factors of whether Tao gets a 3-star or a 5-star rating is whether Tao Beach is open. When its not, you're stuck on the 2nd floor of the club and it gets bland. Tao Beach essentially doubles the size of the club and adds variety to the environment. Check ahead of time. It's typically open on Saturdays.
4	wow amazing club with great scenery but to truly enjoy this place you need to be an hot chick.... or get a table... simply going to this place with a group of guys just wont cut it... packed!!! loud and crazy....
3	OK this club is cool only if you do bottle service because then you don't have to wait in line and you can actually enjoy yourself because after a while the club gets really packed and you can hardly move let alone dance, but if you have bottle service you have a space were you can move and have fun only thing is we paid $2000 for bottle service that was four bottles and people make sure you finish your bottles cause you don't get to take them with you although you paid for them we still had two full bottles left. Oh yeah and don't waste your time at tao beach it sucks.
4	I liked this place a lot. The decor was great, there were beautiful people to look at, the women's bathrooms were fancy (now you see me, now you don't!), and even though it was crowded, I danced near a fan and had a great time. The music isn't purely hip-hop, which I really appreciated, because I like dancing to stuff that isn't necessarily designed to get people to bump and grind.We didn't have to wait in line because we ate dinner here in an attempt to thwart the ratio rules of getting on the guest list. I appreciate wanting more women than men to stare at, but I always travel in a sausage-fest whether I want to or not, so this made it particularly difficult for me and my group. Eat there, get in free! It worked well for us.
3	Went here on a Thursday night for the LMFAO record release party. The pros: - Got to the club late and STILL got in. YeSSS. Only paid $10 with the promo pass. - Got to see LMFAO and Lil' Jon perform live.- Good DJ, good music.- Eye-catching decorThe cons:- Some dudes were having a 'Westside Story' moment in the men's room. Uhh, can I pee now please?- What's up with the layout? I spent the whole night going in circles around the place. The bouncers/staff kept herding people through these narrow lanes of traffic that surround the tables. There is literally nowhere to stop unless you fork out the dough and buy bottle service.
4	Had a blast here partying with the girls!  We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and we knew we wanted to go dancing at least one of our nights here.  This club definitely did not disappoint.I would probably have given this place 5 stars if we didn't have to wait in line to get in.  I guess I have this unwritten rule in my head that if I'm with a group of girls (and we had a bachelorette to boot), I shouldn't have to pay or get in line to get into a club.  Maybe I'm just delusional or something, but hey, it worked for other clubs such as Lavo and LAX in Vegas, as well as random clubs in SF and Barcelona...maybe we're just not cool enough for this club. ;-)  We were waiting in line for a little while when we realized there were 2 other lines that were moving faster than us.  Turns out the slightly faster line was for the guestlist, and the fastest line was for hotel guests!  Doh!  We flashed our room key from the Venetian and we were in in no time!  At least we got the other half of the deal and we didn't have to pay to get in...otherwise I probably would have given up on this place.Once we were in, the experience was so much better.  As soon as we got to the bar, some guy already bought us drinks.  When we came back for more, we had no trouble getting another couple of rounds.  The bartenders much better and more efficient, and we hardly had to wait to get a drink (unlike at Lavo), and this place had a much larger crowd too.After a few drinks in the lounge, we were off to the dance floor and had a blast dancing the night away.  The music was great and they had good variety.  The bar in the club area was really good too...we asked the bartender chick for a couple shooters that were "cold and refreshing, but girly" and she asked us if we liked blueberry waffles.  A couple yummy berry shots later, we were back on the dance floor having the time of our lives.  We even got some ice water to quench our thirst instead of that pricey Voss stuff.Also, I gotta say, I thought their restrooms were pretty cool with the glass that goes from clear to opaque when you lock the door.  I saw that once on HGTV and it was fun to see it in person (Ok, I'm a dork and the littlest things can entertain me!).  I prob can't appreciate it as much as the boys, but I thought the go-go dancers here were better-looking than those in other clubs, and the bathtub chicks were very nice in letting us take their picture.This place was a blast and I'll definitely return on my next trip to Vegas.  Next time I'll just have to make sure I stay in the same hotel and to stick to the hotel line!
5	This is where you go to celebrate a 21st birthday. It's dark, sexy, and dripping in chic decor. From the tubs filled with petals to the scantily clad girls massaging each other as you walk by, Tao is something else. I will admit, I probably loved Tao a lot more than everyone else because we got a serious hookup -- from skipping the line to getting bottle service w/Grey Goose for free. Not to mention the bartenders are super nice and HOT. Thank god for knowing the right people (and being with a group of beautiful girls)! My favorite part about Tao was the music. Give me some hip hop and r&b I can shake my ass to! Tao did that and then some -- we wanted to dance to every song! Thankfully we had our booth to kick up our heels in between and Grey Goose to convince us that our dance moves were impeccable :)Now I just wish they would open a location in Seattle!
4	bachelor's dream, sorta - like shoving a hot dog into a can of sexy sardines.
5	Simply put, TAO IS AMAZING!!! My prima (female cousin to all you non-spanish speaking individuals) and went last Saturday night and had a great time! She had us on the guest list which was a big plus since the regular line was HUGE!! When we got to the entrance, she realized that she lost her ID. We told one of the employees working the line and he took us over to the 2 managers and introduced us. Chris and Brian (managers) are awesome!!! Most trendy clubs could care less if someone lost their ID but they shocked me with their hospitality. They said if we came back with another form of ID (she had her passport back in the room) to come see one of them and we'd be taken to the front of the line. When we came back, Chris immediately took us inside and gave us a couple of free drink tickets to help us enjoy are night!!! He totally made us feel like VIPs!!! The decor in this club is gorgeous!!! From the granite tubs with flower pedals & floating candles (& sometimes a girl in a bikini. lol) to the giant Buddha statue. This place screams high-end! The drinks are a little expensive, but all the ones I had were well made and worth it! The DJ was spinning great hip-hop and R&B via his laptop and ended the night with some oldies ... seriously, like Marvin Gaye, The Temptations, etc mixed with some house beats ... it was awesome!!! The outside balcony is a nice little spot to get a breath of fresh air before heading back into the madness! Tao is a definite must if you're planning a trip to Las Vegas!!! PS: I know I uses a lot of exclamation points in this review, but it is almost required when writing a review on this place!!!
3	A lot of hype, but once you're in it's pretty cool. Didn't blow my mind like I thought it would. The half naked girls in the bathtubs were an interesting touch but exactly what I expect from Vegas.
5	This is a great example of what a club in Vegas should be.  The lines outside were organized and moved quickly.  I was in within 15 minutes of getting in line.  The club was amazing.  Great music, rad decorations, and talented dancers.  It was easy to get drinks at the bar too.  LMFAO performed the night I was there with a guest appearance by Lil Jon.  We left around 3 and the place was still bumpin.
2	Keeping it short and to the point. Tao was o.k. A friend of mine said she tried 3 times but could nver get in and finally she'd made it in. We were herded around then they finally began to allow us in. The Door man was sweet and took a second to explain the entire layout prior to stamping my wrist.We took a stroll around- food looked good, decor was really nice, adequate number of bars. Unfortuantely every one and his aunt Susy was there that night and how the pushed and they shoved with little utterance of an excuse me. That really put a damper on our moods. Then went up to Tao beach. It was way smaller than I expected. The pools at MGM are like 8 times the size of this area. No room to sit or dance here either so we get ready to head downstairs...oh BUT WAIT THERE IS A LINE- yes A LINE to WAIT in to go back downstairs. Then I noticed each time we moved from a diffrent level the DJs seemed to be playing almost the same song(s).  I had the experience but it was worse than going to A Hollywood club and they didn't have bacon wrapped dogs waiting outside! WTh!
5	F-ing awesome. My girls and I got to skip the line, got free drinks for an hour (which for me equaled 5 vodka tonics), and hang at our own table until they sold it at 1am, at which point we had already migrated to an adjacent table of men. Yes, it was jam packed....but if I wanted lots of personal space I would not have come to Vegas!
4	Listen, this club can be VERY annoying and hard to get into. My advice is: TIP the bouncer, make friends with the doormen and buy bottle service. That is the ONLY way you will enjoy this club. The layout inside is seriously geared towards people with bottle service. If you dont have any, you will feel like a sheep amongst the herd and you will NOT be a happy camper. The bathroom situation is terrible but I guess most clubs are. Honestly I hated this club the last two times ive been over the years. This year was the only year that I loved it and enjoyed myself, and it was because of the bottle serivce right next to the dancefloor. We bought 2 bottles for 7 girls and it was great!Their dancers were hot, the DJ was good and the silly girls in those bathtubes with pasties on were entertaining. Is that really your job? :)~
1	Tao nightclub is a clusterf.... you get the point.Pros:Celebrities show up on weekendsNice decorParty til the mornings....but that's Vegas.Cons:Pricey cover charge with a long line.Way too crowded, aren't they breaking some fire code?Way too easy to lose track of your group You get pushed around like cattle. If I wanted to do that, I would just chill with the rest of the cows in Harris Ranch and get slaughtered.
5	Big club, with a lot of sexy people. My friends and I got in for free. The drinks are a little pricey. $14 for a shot! but that's Vegas! The music is good. I know that all the nightclubs are strict when it comes to id's but if you have an old id, or maybe you just lost/gain weight they might give you a hard time. So make sure you have a current pic on your id, if you dont want get annoyed. But other than that its good!
1	I've never given a one-star rating on Yelp, but what an adventure this clubbing experience turned out to be. A friend of mine has a bit too much cheap, watered-down vodka and gets escorted through some nondescript door accompanied by another friend of questionable sobriety. The guard posted at the door isn't going to let me follow, so I grill him as to where I'm going to meet them. He doesn't know. Wait, what? You're telling me your job description as a security guard is so ****ing dynamic that you cannot possibly predict where a drunk patron of your club is going to be escorted? You gotta be shitting me. Sorry, but I'm not circling the Venetian to check all the exits that my friends may or may not come out of.  If I'm asking you a question and you're on the job, you FIND OUT. "I don't know" doesn't cut it. Telling me a story about how I would understand if I were at K-Mart doesn't cut it. "I don't know" ends with a story on Yelp about how stupid you are. Almost everyone working for that club is useless. How they remember to breathe is one of life's great mysteries. The Venetian should be embarrassed by the coordination of their security personnel. Absolutely inept. All of them were clueless. One of the security guards actually tried to help and I give him all the credit in the world. His earpiece didn't give him access to the proper channels to find out what was going on, but he went in person to find out and came back to follow up with me. The five other goons I dealt with made me feel like I was talking to bricks. Anyhow, we eventually get a call from our friends telling us that they've made it back to the hotel. What a night. Sorry but you can't pay me to go back here.
4	I agree with most of the posts say that they build up the line in order to create hype HOWEVER this also means that they will try whatever it takes to get you to come back! If you are a lady; this is a huge plus! More than likely you'll be approached by a promoter offering free cover and no waiting in line. Also within that they aren't stingy with free drink tickets, in order to make the club look amazing they want everyone in there to have a great time! I went on the most recommended night Thursday and I wasn't disappointed. Great entertainment, gorgeous atmosphere and generous drinks!
2	reallly dissapointed!! the place is amazing yet they let to many people in !!! here is no room to even walk and it takes 45 minutes to get a drink!!!! the line is forever and honestly its not worth it... of course go for the expierence but once was enough for me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	So you want to get into the Tao Nightclub guaranteed without waiting in line for hours??  Have dinner here first !!We were a party of five (bachelor party).  Three of us had the steak, another had the sea bass and i had the sword fish.  We also had the dragon roll, two servings of rice, dessert but no drinks.  The total came out to around $52 a head (remember we didn't buy drinks) but here's the best part...After dinner, they will stamp your left wrist that says "Line Pass".  Once you get this stamp, go outside of the restaurant and show it to the guy at the front door.  He will then give you a stamp on your right wrist (Chinese character) that will "get you in and out of the nightclub as much as you want all night long, no waiting in line".So really, you can pay cover charge of $30 and wait in line for hours and hours (the line went outside the casino) or you can have a nice dinner and be able to get in and out all night long and not wait in line for an extra $22.  Another note: One of our guys made reservations for dinner I believe a week or two in advance.  They will call you back around noon that same day to confirm your reservation.As for the nightclub itself, i thought drinks were a little pricey but what can you do, you're in Vegas.
3	The Tao nightclub is a very hyped hot spot. I must say, from living in Miami this club is bigger than most but is nothing out of this world. The music was good as in all clubs that play hip-hop IMO. The drinks of course are over priced but on a thursday night the place was packed but I never had a big issue getting a drink. The people who worked there did have a bit of an ego trip but I guess that is the way it goes. Overall a good experience but nothing spectacular.
3	I've gone here a few years ago when they first opened and not much has changed.  It is still a nightmare to try and get in and the place is super crowded.  I wanted to go somewhere to dance and for my friends to have a few drinks.  By the looks of how hard it was to get in, you almost thought that the president of the United States was inside.  Even though we were there in line at 9:30pm and was on the guest list it was still not a guarantee we'll get in because of their 1 to 1 guy to girl ratio rule.  What kind of crock is that?  What's the point of being on a guest list if they have that rule? In any case a friend of mine went scouting for girls to join our party and told them we'll get them in for free and they won't have to wait in that long line since we're in the front.  Worked like a gem.  We still had to wait until 10:30 to get in but I guess that was alright.  The bars only had about 2 bartenders each and was so crowded. By the time you order and receive your second drink your buzz is probably wearing off and you might need another!  I guess that's good business for them.  In any case the decoration and ambience is great.  They have girls massaging each other on a faux bed and girls sitting semi naked in flower filled bath tubs.  I gave them 3 stars because:Negative 1 star for the long lineNegative 1 star for crowded bar
3	Had the whole night comped...about 20 people with table service and 7 bottles..the service was great..but i didnt like the setup..it took forever to find the bathroom to begin with and every hallway was packed with people.  they should just get rid of some of the unnecessary walls and create more open space to get around.  If i had to pay for this..i would probably give it 2 stars but free is always at worst decent.  I did like the music though...a pretty decent mix.
5	Tao has a huge line and is difficult to get in for a reason. It is hands down one of the best clubs in Vegas. I have lived in Vegas for two years and am always on my computer and phone telling people where to go and I say the same thing every time. I suggest different places different nights. It also depends on the group of people and whether you want bottle service or not. If you are a group of guys I would suggest getting bottle service because this place will get super crowded and it's nice to have your own area. One last thing gents! Tao is strict on dress code. No t shirts or gym shoes unless you have nice jacket. Jeans and a button down are acceptable.Same goes for Tao Beach pool party on Friday from 12-5. The food here is amazing. The staff is the hottest and most unique at any pool party. The vibe here is more intimate and then gets crazier as the day goes by. This isn't a knock from Rehab or Wet Republic which sometimes has reputations for being gross. I worked at Rehab last year and it was one of the best jobs I've ever had, but nothing beats Tao Beach on a Friday.Hope my review helps! I try my best to be honest, down to earth, and not the least bit creepy!
4	Tao is by far the best club in Vegas. I have been to this place about 5 times and everytime this place always crackin! This place has the 4 dance rooms. 1 downstair in the restarant, 2 in the main floors, and 1 upstair Tao Beach.Waiting in line...Fellas - go find a group of ladies and offer to buy them drinks inside (you will need them for getting you in)Tao is so strict that if you roll with all dudes, you will get kick out. Don't even try to trick the security by spliting up. 2 guys or even single, you will still get kick out for being an idiot and a loser.Last Friday, me and about 5 guy friends did just that and it did not work.Anyways fast forward, we were able to find a group of girls and got in free.The bad thing about this place is that it's gets way too pack, I think couple of times we were stuck in the middle of the crowds for 20 minsGreat place to catch a Star!!  Bruce Willis and Daughter were there celebrating her 21st B-days. I heard Demi Moore and Aston Kouser were there too as well. Rapper Nelly drop by and entertained the crowded along with some member of Wu-Tang Clan.
5	Went to Tao recently on a Friday night and it had to be my best Vegas clubbing experience ever. We got an amazing table right next to the dance floor at the far end of the club. Our waitress kept the bottles coming and the bouncer did an amazing job keeping the riff raff out of our area. The crowd was amazing and everybody I met was there to live it up. The key to our successful night was table placement and plenty of bottles.
4	I really enjoyed the club better than the restaurant! Since we were hotel guest, we were able to get in for free which is always a plus.  Obviously, it has a very asian theme.  For me, it seemed like the dancers were mostly asian as well.  It's kind of weird seeing girls sitting in tubs with petals covering their nipples, it just not my thing haha. The drinks are really expensive so try to pre-party in your room before coming here.  My friend bought silverbacks and it cost her $25 for just one! I also really liked the music.  One room played current hiphop songs, while another room played old school hiphop stuff. Lastly, one of the security guys asked me if I wanted to dance on stage since he said he saw me eyeing it for awhile (but really I was just looking around because I ddin't have my glasses on), so why the heck not, I said hell yeah I'll go and grabbed the girls and danced on stage!
2	Watch for pickpockets--and if you're a victim, don't report it to security!The club was fun, but it didn't justify the long line outside.  Not even close to the atmosphere at XS or Tryst.  My friends and I got in by having dinner at the restaurant, so we fortunately didn't have to wait.We went on a Friday night and it was extremely crowded, especially on the dance floor.  A byproduct of this was that two of our group of five were pickpocketed on the dance floor.  One guy lost his ID to the pickpockets, which of course, made it difficult to do anything in Vegas after that.The worst part is that when he reported it to the security there, they took his statement and then crossed out our hand stamps and kicked us out!  (They gave us free drink tickets valid only for THAT EVENING--but what use was that if we couldn't get back in?)  They wouldn't tell us why we were kicked out--no one in our group had acted inappropriately--but ultimately we figured it was because they assumed we'd try to find and confront the pickpockets.Two stars for having a fun club, but their security staff was no help at all and made a bad situation worse.
3	The lines are insane!!However, if you have a good ratio, 1 girl 1 guy ratio, then the bouncer will direct you to the 'guestlist' line, which is a littler shorter than the regular line.Girls still had to pay a $20 or $25 cover charge! Once inside, it's packed everywhere!! THere's nice eye candy through the club, girls laying around half naked =)The dance floor was overly crowded! think sardines in a can.. uck, it's not fun trying to dance and having people step on your toes and bumping into you.Tao beach isn't much better, but a little less packed.I wouldn't come back unless I had table service or super late when it's a little less crowded.
2	Okay, so there are some things about clubs in Vegas that I shouldn't complain about because it comes with the territory; things like expensive drinks, lines, etc.That said, I have complaints about things that go beyond what is normally acceptable behavior or attributes of a Vegas club, therefore I feel like my grievances are justified. I mean, I still had fun because I always have fun with this particular group of friends that I went with, but that aside, Tao certainly didn't enhance our experience.  The annoyances...aite, here we goes:- We went on a Friday night, and so understandably, the line was long.  My complaint, however, was the fact that we were a group of girls, and we had those comp passes, and the bouncers didn't really care and made that known by their asshole attitudes.  And so, I felt like the line was longer than it really should've been.  Especially for a group of all girls. - And that's another bullet-point in itself: the d-bag bouncers.  After standing around in heels for about an hour, we were like screw it, we're just gonna sit down on the ground while waiting.  Which I know girls don't do in Vegas because all the girls in Vegas wear shortass skirts that go up to their butt and would rather stand around in 7-inch stilettos for hours than sit.  We were like, oh whatevs, we're gonna be comfortable and just sit.   Anyway, the bouncer saw us sitting and was like, "If you're tired, you can just go home!"  And then another bouncer saw that my friend had a bag that was bigger than normal, so he was like, "You're gonna have to go to the front desk to check that."  Uh...what?  WTF.  They're on some crazyass unjustified power trip!  This club loses 2 stars just for their dbag bouncers!  Let's see THEM stand around in heels for an hour!- Once we finally got in, it was crowded as hell.  I mean, that's expected on a Friday night, but it didn't seem like most people were dancing at all.  I guess it's also hard to dance when there's absolutely no room.  Like others have said, you're a sardine.  It makes for a not too enjoyable dancing experience.  Didn't like that atmosphere, so I'm bringing it down another star.I'm giving this place 2 stars though because at least it looks nice, there was no cover, it's quite large, and they have really awesome and awkward fogging up/see-through bathroom stalls.  But man, I've never met such mean bouncers in my life.  That, and the fact that it took unnecessarily long to get in, and you can't dance as crazily as you want  is what brings it down.  I don't think my review will change anything, though; this still seems like one of the more popular clubs in Vegas.  Good luck if you come here; I hope you get to actually dance and that the bouncers aren't complete asses to you!
5	U KNOW WHY............100% GIRLS EVERYWHERE.......CUTE ONES, FAT ONES, UGLY ONES, SEXY ONES AND PACKED LITERALLY. drinks are expensive. if you buy drinks for a girl don't even bother coz they'll be gone.......music is awesomepluses: girlsminuses: u'll get tired once you r done.....
3	We hit up Tao and of course got in free!  As i'm looking @ the pix from Tao. I don't remember any of it, I only remembered falling on my a$$ down the stairs and the girls that were in the tub.  haha.   That just means i was drinking too dayem much!  hahaha.. I would def go back! -p2
2	Tao - never again!!I don't think I've ever had a good experience here!!1st time: too hot, too crowded, too fuggs.2nd time: almost fell on my face, broke a table - ok ok, I guess that was my fault =/3rd time: although it was the best of all the experiences considering we stayed up at Tao Beach where there's actually fresh air...there are still many other clubs in Vegas I would prefer to be at over this.Again I say - never again!!
3	came in thurs night... tao beach side was closed off... lotta dudes... met some decent girls... not too bad i guess.... just get drunk and have fun
1	OVER-RATED and TOO HYPED UP FOR NOTHIN!!!!You would think there is hella asian folks comin to this club but actually its a good mixture. There's white folks, mexican amigos, etc. Hahaha!!This place is WAY TOO PACKED. &lt;--- that is NOT A GOOD THING.THERE IS NO WHERE TO DANCE BECAUSE THERE IS RED ROPE EVERYWHERE BLOCKING EVERYTHING!!!! I THINK THE ONLY WAY YOU WOULD HAVE A GOOD TIME HERE IS IF YOU GET BOTTLE SERVICE. BECAUSE THEY HAVE GOOD SEATING AND ENOUGH SPACE TO DANCE IN THERE OWN LITTLE PRIVATE SECTION.Half naked girls dance and play in the tubs. Take a few pictures, but please--- don't stand around in front of them, drooling...... you guys that do that--- you just look like horny little boys. So don't. Got in for free with a party of twelve. 6 boys, 6 girls-- FREE! yes, the guys got in free too..... thanks to JOSEPH! (get on the guestlist)
3	I could not move once I got into the freakin club.I've been to clubs that are packed but this was just ridiculous.the music is good here but ppl kept pushing me and I had to keep pushing them back! i prefer tao beach please.
2	We met a guy while shopping in the mall who put us on the guest list so we got in free and didn't have to wait in line (there is no way in hell I will stand in line for 2 hours). While we were waiting to be let in, we could see the line to get in. It was RIDICULOUS! Seriously, I don't know how those people could wait in that line. We get in and pass everyone up which was nice. The ambiance was cool but the place was so freakin packed it was a pain in the ass to get anywhere. We tried to dance! HA ya right! GIRLS, if you wear open toed heels, be prepared to have to bruised and sore ass toes afterwards because everyone will be stepping on them! After losing 4 of our friends, my friend and I left to grab something to eat close by.  It was nice to get away and not be stuck in a sea of people. We went back to Tao a little later and tried to dance some more but it was just too frustrating. We finally decided to leave. I agree that this club is WAY over-rated! I would have been pissed if I had waited in line for that club!TIP 1: when you go to the bathroom, be sure to flip the little switch thingy that frosts the door so people dancing and drinking at the bar don't see you peeing! My friend didn't flip it and people got a show. TIP 2: Don't drink to the point where you don't feel well. If security sees you and you like like you are going to puke, they will take you to their drunk tank! I kid you not. This happened to my friend.
3	THIS is Vegas! Really. When you think of Vegas you think of trendy clubs serving the best with beauty's all around. You think of opening a playboy and seeing all those girls in a fancy club. THAT is Tao. Ms. Graham and I always do bottle service when we go to Vegas. We only go to clubs once or twice a year, so what the hell. My first experience at the club was standing in line. WHAT? I know. I really didn't expect a line for bottle service either. A pretty short line but still a line. For an experience that cost us around $550.00. Let me explain the $550.00. My understanding was that the bottle was the cost of the table and that would be it with the exception of the tip. Our bottle cost $360.00 or so which kind of confused me. I assumed that the additional $200.00 was tax and tip. On top of that I tipped the security guy $60.00 to make sure that another guy didn't come sit next to Ms.Graham while I went to the bathroom like it happened while I went the first time. I also didn't like people walking by and dropping off their empty cups on my table too. I even saw a girl grab a handful of ice from our bucket out of the corner of my eye. The problem was that our table was on the top deck and was right next to stairs to a bar. We had alot of traffic that I really didn't want or expect at a VIP table.  The dancing was great and the music was awesome.  The atmosphere in the dancing area seemed nice, but it was really too dark to enjoy.  Would I go again? Maybe.  But not for $550.00 and not if I had the same table.
5	SMACKIN! Okay so at first me and my girls go to Jet and it was kinda wack so we head over to Tao cuz one my girls brother's gf (who was wit us) had a hook up because she is a Las Vegas Native. So we go to Tao, stand in line for a bit (this is at like 1130 12 probably) then we head in. The club is sooo pretty and kinda big. Seems like there's alot space all over! or maybe I was drunk by then, idk hahaa. SO neeewho, we go to the main dance floor (i guess) and it is packed but they playin ALL the jams!!! They played Ying Yang,Lil Jon,Trina etc. I was dancing my ass off! lmafo! Me and my girls ended up on the stage above one of the VIP sections and every1 and they mom (seriously) was lookin at us! We were a group of pretty African American ladies dancing on beat and gettin it! Females were tryna compete and dudes were jus staring with lust in their eyes. I loved it!!! After that we went to Tao Beach (which i guess is upstairs rite?) and that was nice as well. Can't remember to much about it but what I do remember is my girl got into it with this lady. Some dude who I guess  was sittin in the VIP section saw us walkin by and said hey sit down so we do and these old ass hoes said um you can't sit here etc and we like wtf dude said we can so she started yelling at us so bes believe my girl got all up in her ass wit no shame. lmafo! hella funni now that I think back on it! That's jus how she rolls! haha We stay at Tao for a hour but every1's feet were hurting so we decided to head back to TI (where we were staying) and call it a night..well 3 of the girls did, me and my other girl went to Dennys and gambled until 4in the morning but thats a WHOLE different story of events lmafo!. Def go here. You'll have fun. It is def a good alternative to Poetry.
3	IF I WERE A GUY...I'D DEFINITELY GO HERE.....For some reason this club (I've been here 4-5 times already) is always super packer with hella girls....They always let girls in for free. The ratio must be like 5 girls to every guy. IF YOU ARE A GIRL....TRY TO FIND A PROMOTER TO GET U ON THIS GUESTLIST SO YOU CAN GET IN FREE. THERE ARE TONS OF THEM ROAMING THE STRIP.The main room is always super duper packed...A little too packed for my likes though. I really like the bathrooms upstairs in the main room. Glass door, fogs up when you lock it. Super cool technology.This past weekend was my first time at Tao Beach, where the clubs opened up the pool area, cabanas, and lounge chairs to the club. Although the space is not as big as XS, it  was cool other than the fact it must have been 90 degress at night and it smelled like throw up in some areas. They had a cool dj that was different than the other onece. But all in all a good edition to the club that is now a total of 3 levels with a least 4 different djs. You're bound to find a room you like here.3.5 STARS NOW WITH THE ADDITION OF TAO BEACH.
2	I suppose I'm biased because I'm not into the sort of music they play, or going to nightclubs (case in point, this is the second club I've been to in my life). so let's get that off the bat.that being said, this place is really nice. the rooftop view of Vegas at night is killer. there's gazillions of beautiful women, enough to turn any man into a character out of a Tex Avery cartoon, eye popping out 5 feet and drooling.anywho, some of my friends and I had to leave our main group of friends, as it was getting awfully claustrophobic and expensive here. $12 for a watered down drink is not my type of gig.it gets two stars only for the view and getting in for free by having dinner here.if you want to stand on a line for an eternity, that's cool, but I'd rather be downing $1 margaritas and beers with Elvis at Casino Royale.
3	You know how in the wild, the peacock with the biggest feathers or the baboon with the reddest ass gets the girls? One of the human equivalents for that is going to a really popular club like Tao. If you're a guy and you're partying in Vegas with mostly guys, good luck getting into Tao without bottle service or knowing someone important. Like they do on the Discovery Channel, the flashiest males (aka guys willing to spend money) are the ones who get in.On our first night in Vegas, my friends, and I decided to go to Tao. When we get to the line for the guestlist, we see one of many bouncers turn away a group of nicely dressed guys. The same bouncer approaches us and asks how many people we have. Pretty normal question. Then he asks, "What's the group dynamic?" What do you mean what's the dynamic? "Um, Jenny, Helen, and I have been friends since high school. We're super close! Sophia is Helen's sister, but she hates Jenny... What? Ohhh! You mean the girl to guy ratio!!"Luckily we had 4 hot girls and 3 guys, so the bouncer let us get in line. Once we get inside, they force us to follow a long line of people up 5 flights of stairs to the roof (Tao Beach). Then we have to get back in line to get downstairs to the main dance floor. This is a pretty annoying form of crowd control, but I guess they have to do what they have to do. The rest of the night was pretty typical of most clubs.Here's a rundown:Pros:- go-go dancers covered with rose petals dancing in bathtubs (better if there were guys too)- good music- cool decor- a few different rooms to dance inCons:- watered down expensive alcohol- super crowded- super hot- expensive cover for guys if you're not with girls and don't have a promoter couponTao is a fun experience, but I probably won't go back.
3	Tao...I actually like this place for the dancing experience and the look of the place. It is impressive to look at and the music was really good. However one thing that got to me was the price of drinks seriously almost 30 bucks for two goose and tonics that are served in the tiniest glasses with way too much ice...Im sorry but for me that is a killer. I didn't wait in line long so I was happy and I tried to pay cover and the cashier just handed me back my cash so that was a win...the people here I reallly didnt pay much attention to, I could sense the douchebags and what not but came with awesome people to that is all that mattered. I had way more fun in the upper level that played house and dance music then i did in the RnB room...In short its a nice looking club, good music, cool DJ's, Hot bartenders that rape your wallet and leave you sober though....Check it out if your a clubbin kinda person!
4	We went to TAO on Thursday night after reading that it was the happening spot on Thursdays.  We got there around 10pm and opted for bottle service after seeing the looooong line of guys waiting to get in.  We figured we would spend a good hour waiting in line with no guarantee of getting in.  We managed to get three girls to go up to the front of the line with us and got a bottle of goose so we wouldn't have to stay in line.  The bouncers were kind of nice and let us in.  We got escorted up a couple of stairs to our table near the dance floor.  The club is well laid out and the decor is nice.  Like some of the yelpers around here said, there's a couple of girls dancing in bathtubs wearing rose petal bikinis.The music varied greatly from Snoop Dogg to Lady Gaga to Techno.  We had a great time and we only had to pay for one bottle of goose ($350 plus tax/service).  After we finished the bottle, we did have to go to the bar and order individual drinks which they were a little expensive for the amount of alcohol your getting.The one thing I did not like about this club or this particular night was the amount of douchebags running around.  I saw a guy grab a girl's ass and then run to the bathroom, there were a couple of those idiots wearing sunglasses in a dark club and countless guys trying to freak girls at the dance floor who were obviously not interested in them based on their body language, oh well, i guess its VEGAS..Overall, bottle service is a must for guys to have their own little personal area or otherwise you'll be fighting with the rest of the tourists for standing room.
5	Another review on my top faves in Vegas. I love Tryst, and XS..but Tao is always a good change of pace because they aren't afraid to embrace house music. I went on LDW Sunday when Eric Morillo performed, and he just about blew the roof off this place. I got here a little late then usual at 11pm, and I prepurchased a WANTicket which got me in the VIP guestlist line. I might have had to wait a total of 10 minutes trying to get in. As soon as I got in, I got my drink and chilled with the boys at Tao Beach. For the people that complain that there is no room, you can go upstairs to Tao Beach to catch a breather. Of if you are in doors, there is a side lounge called the Opium room which usually is more spacious. There are plenty of options for you to chill at. The red room where all the action goes down infront of the stage its going to be by far the most crowded. I loved the sound system at Tao for house music. The bass is well contained inside the building so you really hear it even if you are drunk. I would definitely come back if any type of house act is here. I wouldn't just come here for your standard hip hop night. Theres Tryst/XS for that. Here are some vids I recorded while I was there:1. Rolling into Tao from Tao Beach:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6n6-wO-Xdk2. The girls in the tub wearing nothing but Petalshttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=druZwvhC1Ds3. Eric Morillo's showhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmOrFOrcYzgOh yea did I mention there are half naked women inside tubs massaging each other? Its simply an awesome Vegas mega clubbing experience.
5	I was here this past Saturday for my first time in Vegas!  When I first walked in to the 1st floor around 1am--it was completely dead but I love the asian decorations.  Simply lovely!!  I went upstairs and Whoa!! the party was jumping.  I love the square bar and the DJ was playing great old skool hip hop.  I had such a great time.I would highly suggest going on viator.com website to get club hopping package ($120) You get vip line, cut the line and there are like 10-12 clubs you can go to on this pass.  Great!!
2	I can see why I've avoided this club for so long. I was there on Saturday, Labor Day weekend. It definitely helps to be rollin semi-deep with 7 other girls. One of them had some kind of guestlist hook up. If you're on a guestlist, you still have to wait in some other bunk ass line, luckily it went by fast! You're pretty much fucked if you don't get there really early and/or are not on the guestlist. I know it's some bullshit but it is Las Vegas after all. You're also pretty much fucked if you're rollin strictly dickly because the bouncers won't let you in without a few females.Ladies, if you want your dancing experience to have minimal groping, I suggest to get on that "stage". I don't think anyone that stepped out on the dance floor made it out alive.Or if you can't get on stage, have one of your cute homegirls catch the attention of some dudes with tables, worked for our group! The upstairs area was pretty cool since you get fresh air. I was pleased with the choice of music (outside and in the club), it was mostly hip-hop. I can't dance to that house shit.Tao needs to start selling those "I Survived" t-shirts because that shit was ridiculous. No, I will not be coming back...unless I have my homegirls with me to finagle a table.
3	Got in free (LOVE being female!).  Tom Tom had to pay $20 or $30.Walked in and it was so hot that I actually believed that I had gone to hell.  I know it's a club and that it gets hot, but can we spend a little on A/C when it's 100 degrees outside?The music was really great, but what I hated was the layout.  The "dance floor" was some carpeted area (dangerous!) with a VIP area in the middle. That made it really difficult to walk around.  Didn't end up staying here long, which I suppose was a good thing because I felt like I was going to pass out.I have heard that they opened up another room that they are using for dancing now so it's better.  I'd give it another shot, but hopefully they have learned to turn on the A/C.
4	who doesnt like naked girls (note the plural) bathing in tubs together next to gigantic buddahs? tao is one of those super clubs, where everything from space to decoration and to drinks is super big, amazing and expensive. There are several dance floors and different rooms in this club. the main one is ALWAYS packed - and they have foam like every 10 mins, which gets annoying after awhile.One of the best thiings about Tao (for me) is that even BEFORE you get in, they demonstate that they are a super (or, somewhat) organized club, setting up lines for people..hotel guest, guestlist, normal admission etc. MUCH BETTER than say, oh, LAX and PURE where you ahve to push your way to the front thenfight for attention like we were in the stone ages. thank you tao. for being super, in every way possible.
4	Us girls had a great time at TAO. We were staying in the hotel that TAO was at, so it was super convenient to get here. Just downstairs from our room! We were also approached by a promoter and was able to get on the guest-list - vip style too! No waiting in line, escorted right to the door, no cover, and we had a wristband allowing free drinks from 10-11. What we wanted to do was drink for an hour and head over to another club we wanted to check out at (XS). However by 10pm, TAO was packed already, and of course, we were def. taking advantage of the free drinks. Well leaving at 11 didn't happen, and we ended up staying at TAO and had a great time. They played great music, and there are so many different levels to go to. We walked up to Tao Beach and that was really nice too, they played music there, and it was outdoors right by the pool, so we chilled there for a bit to get fresh air. Kinda cool that the girls bathroom is upstairs, and you get a whole bathroom to yourself. Doors look see-through, but they are not. Too bad the line gets long though. Overall its not a bad crowd, we all had a lot of fun!
4	Only been here once and it was cool.  I would rate this 3.5 stars if I could.  I got bottle service at Tao Beach just to see how it was like.   It was great having a place to sit when the place got packed, the service with the security guard, bus boy, and waitress were great, but I don't know it was worth the money doing it.  Definitely good looking people (as in women) so no complaining there.  Drinks are pricey but that was to be expected, it was a overall good experience.  Only grip would be that the main floor got insanely packed, no one could even move.  You always want people at a club, but not that many!
3	If you want to keep your faith in humanity, this might not be the best place to spend your night in Vegas.  Sure, you'll hear some good music, see some gorgeous ladies in their best clubbing dresses, and, along with everyone else in the club, watch the ladies dance in the line upstairs next to the glass wall that overlooks the main dance floor, (are they dancing because they're showing off their milkshake for the crowd?  Or do they just have to pee?)  but you'll see some people at their worst.  Rude douches, girls pushing past you and stepping on your GF's toe, aggressive security, (although sometimes, they kept the crowd moving, but was I really causing a scene by unbuttoning my shirt with a tank top underneath?) and the music wasn't that inspiring.  I heard a better dance mix at Hash House A Go Go the next morning . . . You might be able to find some interesting people to have a conversation with (Hi Nadine and Natasha, I apologize to all Germans and Spanish/Germans on behalf of all Americans for the scene) but the combination of belligerent drunk chicks, drunk dudes, bad house music, and overly aggressive security would lead me to recommend you look elsewhere.  Or maybe don't go on a Friday (when we went) or a Saturday.  And I'd only go if you get in free from dinner at Tao, which we did.  It was definitely too packed.Try it on ay day but Friday or Saturday when you get in free from your dinner at Tao, which is a fine dinner choice.
3	3.5 stars I headed over to Tao because XS was playing far too many throw-backs. The music was great!!! Very recent, very hip. This is a great place to go if you want to dance to hip-hop, except - the dance floor was VERY overcrowded.The decor was pretty nice, but after XS, it wasn't too impressive (minus the girls in the bathtubs). It was hard to make my way through the club & everyone was sweating profusely. We left shortly after getting here. At least our cover was free...
3	Despite being on the hotel guest list, we had the misfortune of talking to the wrong security personnel who wasted 30 minutes of our time by sending us to the wrong line.  When we noticed other people going into another line, we jumped over to that one and the security guard checked us in and we went right on in.The decor, which was a predictably Asian theme, was different to say the least.  I know the Buddha always looks like a happy guy, but I never envisioned him as a party animal.  Same thought with the terracotta warriors that were lined up next to one of the bars.It was only eleven o'clock so we thought we were a little early but apparently not judging by the over-crowded dance floors.  It was like trying to dance in a busy NY or Tokyo subway during rush hour.  Yet, you still have some people flailing and stomping around like they're alone in the center of the dance floor.It was easy enough to order drinks at the bar because we found that the severely overpriced drinks kept the people away.  So, instead of four or five rounds, we had three and went back out to the casino.Despite the overcrowding on the dance floors, we had a good time but it didn't live up to the hype as one of Vegas' best clubs.
3	Tao has become a little bit over-hyped during the past couple years. Yes, there are hot go-go dancers and hot girls in tubs, but that's about it. The main dance floor is always SUPER crowded and the bartenders are a little stuck up and way too cocky to even deal with at times. Can you please just stop trying to crack jokes and just give us our shots? Thank you. I think the best part of Tao is simply, their music. They have a DJ that spins the hottest music that I can always find myself dancing too and if I can find myself dancing for 2 hours non-stop, you've got me at hello.
5	Fun times! Loved the drinks, the music was great and the crowd was hot.I love the deep red colors of the place it was very sexy and exciting.  I also like that if you don't want to dance you can go to the downstairs bar where it is more loungey and have just as much fun.If you are a group of girls and you are a pretty just skip the line with confidence and walk right in.  One of my favorite clubs in Vegas.
4	Tao Nightclub is still one of the hottest spots in Vegas! Over-packed on weekends, ridiculously expensive, but hot crowd, awesome Asian style decor, and fantastic go-go dancers. Upstairs is one of the best rooftop bars/pool lounges I've been to, Tao Beach.It looks like they raise the cover fee every time I get there, last time it was $35 w/o guest list and $25 if you're on. It's Vegas so don't expect to save money. And make sure not to wait in the wrong line at the door. Drinks are average $15 and are served in several bars throughout the club/lounge.The Asian theme makes the night club very unique, there are (almost) naked girls playing with each other in the main hallway (guarded by security), and the main dance floor also hosts a tub 'filled' with two sexy bikini girls.I wonder what the cover will be next time I'll get there... but the sad thing is, it's worth it!!5 stars for Tao's website by the way, make sure to check it out!
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas. I haven't tried everything out yet. I hear XS is incredible, but with myself and friends usually staying at the Palazzo or Venetian it is a really close walk for good fun. The club is huge, the drinks are quick, and the ladies are beautiful. I've had two out of two really good experiences here so far. This is definately a step up from the normal.
1	I agree with Candace.They let everyone in.  People were wearing jeans, tank tops and flipflops on a Friday night.In addition, it was so crowded that everywhere I tried to stand one of two things happened:1.  A bouncer told me to move2.  Ugly girls started fightingThe music was terrible, and was a mixture of old school rap and top 40 hits.  BLAH.Most of the girls in there were with bachelorette parties, as I saw at least 20 veils at one point on the main dance floor.I no like.
3	I ha a fun time at Tao but it's honestly overrated. We didn't have to wait in line (we were on a VIP list) but I felt like telling the other 300 people in line to go elsewhere. Pros:* The decor is absolutely amazing inside* 3 different levels to move around inside* the top level outside was awesome* great djsCons:* expensive, unimpressive drinks ( even for Vegas)* crowded to the point of a fire hazard* hassle to get in* we spotted at least 3 groups of people who were over the age of 45
4	It has an unique layout, and although there is a lot of space- it is crowded.  I did find it easier to get a drink here versus other clubs on the same weekend.  The crowd is a little older, but not old.  The night I was there, I didn't see any issues with the dress code as others have commented.
1	UGHHHH! What a crappy night I had!! My classmates and I had some dinner here so we could meet up with the rest of our group and get our dance on. Our reservations were for 11pm and we were seated about 20 min later. The food is sooo over priced! Everyone else was still hungry after finishing their meals. Lucky my friend and I split the pad thai with chicken (19)-- it was a decent amount for the price, just a bit bland. I've walked through Tao and explored it before, but I never got to actually dance. (My guy friends couldn't get in so they waited for us to check it out)  This time, we got to dance, but I was having the worst experience ever!! First, the dance floor is wayyy too crowded. I could NOT move an inch! And then people started pushing me around. NOT FUN!! And when I had enough, I tried leaving but people were blocking every which way and I had to tell security I wanted to get out, and then he finally shined his little flashlight to make them move. THEN I look at my side sling purse and find it partly upzipped! Someone stole my friend's $60 I was holding for her!! WTH!! Good thing that's all they took. Still though, Tao has gotten so ghetto. I was so mad I got myself a drink, but of course it was so watered down. I will never come back here again! Oh yeah, and the petal adorned girls in the tubs aren't even pretty. So butter faced.....Tao's standards have gotten so low. It's so sad.
5	This review is just for the food.O.M.G.  As some people know, I love tuna tartare and sushi and Asian food in general.  I was here with  3 other people and each person had a different type of Asian food [Chinese, Japanese, Thai and Americanized].  I only had raw tuna, but it was prepared in many different ways.  Avoid the dish with jalapenos - it was was too many.   I scooped them off and it was fine.  The appetizer was the best thing EVER.  I could LIVE off of it.
2	I am giving it 2 stars because I'm being nice.  The decor was cool and if the music was good the night I went it would have been better.  now everything else SUCKED.  I'm not just saying that but this was my first time going to vegas and my first club i went to in vegas.  And really it was not up to par for what I expected.  The venetian hotel overall has not very good service and now that I think about it, it seems that everything else related to this place just disappointingI went with 5 guys and 2 girls and the extra guys had to pay. which wasn't a problem, but for extra $12ea I wish they all just bought drinks or something instead of going to this crap hole.People vibe sucked, hella stuck up wannabes that thought they were so cool because they were at Tao.  Super clicky, girls would not talk to guys etc.  Just overall the vibe and the crowd really sucks.My feet hurt so bad and there was no where to sit.  It's seriously not fun to go here with a huge group of friends and no VIP table.  Really, but for the amount of money they want me to pay for their pretentious club I'd rather go gamble it away and I would have had more fun.Definitely would not come back here again.  Should check out Lavo instead next time..people seem to have a better time there any way.
3	Beautiful venue when you walk in....The party scene is ok because the crowd is alright, it's way too packed, but the music is solid.  Could just be the weekend I went there...I've heard from other people other nights have been awesome...
4	I've been to Tao twice and always had a blast. I can't complain about the cover charge or the lines, because I always get in free and never wait in line. Yeah, that's how I roll.Lucky for me, I have a friend who has hook ups in Vegas and we never pay for clubs. We hit up Tao with a group of about 11 and zipped right past the line and the girls all got hooked up with a bracelet for free drinks until 11pm. Free drinks for my girls = free drinks for me. It gets pretty crowded so if you want to actually dance, I suggest going early before it gets shoulder to shoulder. Even when Tao Beach is open all the way upstairs, it still gets crowded. We usually end up finding a cool spot to chill between drinks. This time it was the outside patio behind the DJ. The music was on point and for the fellas, there's plenty of go-go dancers and even girls in tubs with rose petal pasties on. We left around 1am to hit up Lavo at the Palazzo and there was still a line outside of Tao. Sucks to be those who have to wait in line at 1am. I'm just saying...
4	This is a review of the nightclub.  Its def crowded but getting in is relatively straightforward and hassle fee and the crowd is above average. Its plenty huge but with enough different spaces to make it feel a little smaller than it really is.The bottom line is that if you go with a group of friends you should have fun. The music is above average as well.
2	We were lucky with this place, as I didn't realise the hype around the nightclub. Some guy approached us in Rok the night before and said he could get us free entry into Tao and he came through for us. When we got there, there were four queues to get into the place and luckily, although we had to wait for like 15 mins (it was our fault, we should have turned up earlier as the guy could have walked us through the VIP queue), we got free entry, and the place itself, the decor and the music were really cool.It is very crowded and obviously has a bit of a reputation for being a 'hot' club, therefore the people in there were really pushy, and really drunk (meaning if they spilled their drink on you, they weren't even aware that they did). As for the dancers, it seems to be a common thing in Vegas for clubs/bars to have women in their underwear dancing on the bar, but still it unsettles me. I just hope those girls are paid well, because the moves they were busting out were borderline on exotic dancing.In the end we left early, there were just too many loud, obnoxious, drunk and idiotic people in the venue and it wasn't worth getting trampled over by grown men ogling girls barely out of college. The music and the place were very cool, but the crowd was not the type you wanna hang out with. Go to Rok. They have dance-offs and they don't invade your personal space.
4	I sometimes get annoyed with American establishments that try to use Asian cultures/ concepts as an "exotic" marketing gimmick so I secretly try to avoid Tao a few times when I was in Vegas. But when my friends and I stayed at the Venetian and kept getting little invitation cards, got put on the guest list, and eventually saw the "red carpet" outside the club, I gave in.All in all, it was a wonderful night. Things started a little hectic at the beginning as we admired the "girls" and the dancers while we tried to stay on our feet. We were pushed around for a while in the crowded dancer floor and after we finally got some drinks, we decided to find a better space-we ended up in a much smaller room with much lower density. Despite some asshole spilling his whole drink down my friend and I, we were able to recover from the disaster, had good drinks, dance around in a decent amount of space, met a super cool couple and had a blast!
3	this is my third time at Tao and while i have a great time at Tao, it is WAY TOO crowded. the music is good. the girls in the stone bath, bird cage, and lounges are super hot! the main dance floor is hell so avoid it like the plague. when tao beach is open, it's a great place to go. more air, more space. the side room is also super chill and you can lean on the chairs to rest your feet. =)this last time happened to be Kim Kardasian's bday so it was even more crowded in the main dance floor. everyone stood underneath the balcony with their cameras out. it literally took 10 min to move 1 foot. super annoying! And, there was a line to go down from Tao Beach. err? 4 stars for the ambiance and music. 2 stars for overcrowding.
1	LAAAAME. Only cool thing is the girls bathing in the doorway.Otherwise, it's cramped, douche bags with flashlights telling you to move left right, and all around.Drinks are very expensive.Music sucks.Dance floor is impossible to dance on.I had passes I got from the vegas nights web site but they wouldn't accept them so I had to pay full cover.Never again.
3	Solely this establishment deserves a 2 maybe even a 1 star! But the decor, ambiance, music, and crowd was wayyy too good to strip them of their prime. Like another read stated this place is wayyyyyy too crowded. However you should never complain when it's free.  The tub at the front door with the girls in a tub covered with rose petals is a great eye candy, the budha behind the restaurant dining area was HUGE with a Koi pond at the bottom, and it has multiple levels! Now for the cons: dance floor too small, attendance capacity was wayy too high, people bumping into you almost every step, and just not worth the wait for me again.
4	Thanks to a promoter friend, we gained entry very easily.  I also got a sampling of their dinner before we partied all night.The line outside is ridiculous if you can't get in.  There's a maze of ropes outside the club in the Venetian.  It's complicated and hard to follow, I imagine this is what it's like for cows entering a slaughter house.We finally get through the maze and entered and I was wowed by the decor.  We had to wait a while for our table so we sat in the lounge area.  Naturally I took pics of the decor.We got seated near the giant Buddha, under the large ceiling scrolls.We ordered some drinks (expensive but good variety of custom cocktails), then the food came out and it wasn't so good.  We had samplings of the dumplings, duck on napa cabbage, and an assortment of sushi rolls.  It wasn't very impressive and I'm glad we didn't have to pay for it cuz I don't think the food is worth the price.After the light dinner, we got went upstairs into the club and it was packed all night (it was so hot in there).  After getting tired of being packed like a sardine, we got some air on the balcony which overlooks the strip.  Nice view but this place was really made for smokers.The dancers and tub bathers were a cool attraction, and so were the smoked glass bathrooms on the 2nd Fl.  PS - The dancers were mostly Asian but they were smokin hot!  Even I couldn't keep my eyes off them!
3	One of the "best clubs in Vegas."  That's what word on the street was maybe 4 years ago, but I beg to differ.Yes, the decor is lovely.  The music is jammin'.  The ladies (at least some) are beautiful.  It's obvious that lots of planning went into putting this night club together.  I mean... it's Vegas for heaven's sake.  Having millions of dollars = top notch night clubs; one of the beauties of Vegas.  They have promoters roaming the streets looking for people who appear to be the clubbing type.  Great way of getting the name out there.  You get there early enough and men should have no problem getting in.  After reading all of this, you'd think I'd give it a 5... but Tao has one major problem...... and that's OVERCROWDING!  It's hard to even enjoy the beauty of this club when all you see are a bunch of people looking like sardines in a can.  If they just regulated a bit more instead of letting practically everyone in Vegas into the club, then people would be able to enjoy it more w/o feeling trapped.  Other than that, Tao would still be one of the "best clubs in Vegas," but it isn't.Overall this place is nice, but not good for the claustrophobic.3.5 of 5 stars.
1	I don't know why I keep coming here.  I went again in August.  I can't tell if it's getting worse or my standards for clubs is higher.  Aesthetics (naked chicks in bathtubs) aside, this club has nothing to offer.  DJ couldn't get the music right the entire evening.  There were drunk bachlorettes getting into fist fights over who could dance on the speaker next and show off their cellulite and botched brazillians.  In addition, the rooftop Tao Beach was open - I think standing in a pizza oven would have been cooler than being on a clay rooftop that baked in the sun all day.  The small pool had not been cleaned after day long Tao beach and was the lovely shade of green milk.  I almost puked a little in my mouth when I thought about all the bacteria and whatever else that was floating around in there.  With the great club choices in Vegas, don't bother with this place at all.
4	Halloween VEGAS REVIEW - part 6Back to Tao on Halloween of all nights!Simple chaos! Just the way i like it. A parading menagerie of both costumed freaks and revealing lovelies from wall to wall, inside and outside of the circular hobbit like entrance. There are lines for everything. There are two lines for those with bottle service snaking in opposite directions from the entrance and then, if what I was told can be believed, that there was a massive line outside for everyone else. After some waiting for people to pick up their phones, waiting for people to show up and a lot of soul searching our hostess finally stepped up and lead us upstairs to our table @ the corner by the bar right in front of a major fairway of club goers going to and fro. There were countless beauties rolling through spitting some mean game and hustling their 'wares' that you would not believe. Though they were at a disadvantage since they did not understand that we have been 'H' proofed by our very own SBC 'H' contingent and were not swayed by mere cleavage and eye lash batting. Though I admit I was not prepared for the groping and seduction. I'm always been a sucker for seduction.And since the bottles were not present I had to get away from all the pressures of bottle this or bottle that. So I hit up the easily accessible, yet crowded bar where I later got accosted by an ocean of Jon Gosselin groupies. After a lot of nay saying I finally allowed myself to be coerced into accepting the inevitable and down shot after offered shot. I later ended by a lot of pools and more debauchery at which point I became sick and threw up on someone. Yes, I admit that I threw up on someone. And sprinted my ass back to my table. I've been thrown out of clubs before, and though I've never had the pleasure of being thrown out of this particular venue I felt that the night was much too young to end anytime soon due to no fault of my own. And at the table I drank the night away into blissful drunken hunger. ;D~think I ran into Twilight cast folks.... like I cared. It's not like I got confused for one of them.
2	the bathroom situation is a disaster. not only can i not find it b/c the layout of the club is ridiculously confusing, but the line to the girl's bathroom on the top floor is like 50 people deep. i ended up hangin around the girl's bathroom on the first floor so i can get easy access...ha ha ha! music was forgettable. guys average looking. had a good time gettin wasted w/ friends but i can do that anywhere.
5	I love Tao nightclub.  My girls and I put on our costumes on Halloween night and made our way to the club.  We stayed at the Venetian so it was an easy, short trek past the bath tubs filled with floating petals and the occasional skeleton!We had previously met a wonderful promoter who not only got us in for free and let us skip all the lines on such a crazy night, but also hooked us up with wristbands to drink for free until 11 PM!  The place was packed, but since we got there early we were able to secure a huge, cushy bench up at Tao Beach right by the bar.  The perfect location to watch the debauchery unfold...Great energy, fantastic vibe, delicious drinks, and a good mix of people!  The only cons are that Tao beach is up on the roof and you have to climb a lot of stairs and also they regulate the flow of people going up and down the stairs so it can take some time to exit.  The stairs are a great work-out, but just be careful.  A drunk girl in 4 inch heels fell on me on our way out, but luckily she was right behind me and didn't pick up any momentum!
3	I'm not a huge fan of clubs, and this is no exception - I am a fan of hot broads in various states of undress, and this place has it in spades, but I hardly rank among the elite that could actually afford one here - read on and I'll show you what I mean.Me and my buddies were in Vegas for a long weekend and a buddy from LA had a friend (keep up) who got a table here, complete with bottle service.  My advice to any guy going to a club in Vegas, you NEED a table, otherwise you will be standing at the bar looking like a complete ZERO getting poked with side yabs and percodan hardons from various blowjobs and douchebags. Arriving at the Venetian, standing atop the grand staircase outside the hallowed gateway into Tao, my buddy spent the first ten minutes on the phone w/our connection inside. The line was ridiculous (there were several lines, like trying to merge into the Lincoln Tunnel, lines for the haves and have nots), and we still had to grease our way in - again, we are dudes in Vegas, it is to be expected (and worth it to skip being swallowed up in the mass of would be clubgoers, waiting and waiting, babbling on their cell phones, baying like madmen in the DUCHESS OF MALFI). Once inside, you are jostled through the entry tunnel, lined with bathtubs full of rose petals, through the bar area, and up another flight of stairs into the club proper.  The dance floor is ebbing and flowing like a turbulant sea, lights flashing overhead like heat lightening, and there are people EVERYWHERE.  At this point you've just wrecked your perfactly sculptured hair and wrinkled your pressed shirt as you are squeezing through the sweaty throng of nobodies who were either too cheap or too stupid to get a table, as you step on feet looking for a way out of this and saying, "imagine if we didn't have a table, fuck this!"When we finally got to our table, it was time to take a well deserved breath of relief and watch as the hot server, done up like a sex slave, pours out the vodka.  Other people with tables included some strange eurotrash dude that resembled a more junked out version of Keith Richards (if you can imagine that!) wearing a crushed black velvet tux with red silk shirt underneath, engaged in a very involved conversation with a hot piece of ass that was no doubt a RENTAL.  Again, dudes, be prepared to spend great boatloads of money to impress the broads here.  It takes more than a good line, you will actually need to LAY OUT the line of coke on the American Express Black to even get one of these harpies to raise an eyebrow.  All in all, it was like a night spent in the Temple of Doom, minus the annoying lady that was sleeping with the director singing ANYTHING GOES in Chinese.
3	Tao is one of the better clubs in Vegas. If only because they actually enforce a dress code of some kind. However, there really isn't too much about this place that is exciting? Oh they have girls in bikini's writhing on each other? Eh, so do lots of other clubs in this city, and those girls aren't even in bikini's.Probably the most redeming quality of this club is first when you get in for free, and second that they make a decent White Russian. Other than that it's way too crowded, and way to one ethnicity dominate.
2	MEEEH. I really really really used to love Tao. I went last weekend and my eyes were opened to its overratedness. Don't get me wrong, its a great venue but it definitely has is flaws. The Venue - Freakin awesome. When all is said and done, you have three levels. On the first level you have the lounge with a ton of couches and a big bar. Not many people dancing though - you also do not need to pay cover to get in here. The next level is the main club level with two separate rooms. One plays hip hop and the smaller plays "Dance". There are bars on every side. Last but not least, Tao Beach is upstairs. Seating, heat lamps, big bar, POOL - its all there. There is also so great decor - YES I DO MEAN BATH TUBS. So that was the good, onto the bad: The line. WOW. I get that this is a hot spot in Vegas but the line gets nuts. I have seen it wrap and twist around around the whole outside area. There is an easy fix to this - go have dinner in the amazing restaurant and get a "line pass" stamp at the end of your meal. It will fill you up, save you some time and cut the cost of cover! The bars - can you say freakin expensive for not the greatest value. Yessir, my Henn was $16. I'm not even a Henn guy and it was still $16. LOL If your a dude, you also have to find a female bartender cause the guys will barely come talk to you if there is any type of crowd around. I almost had to flash a little areola to get a drink. The space - yes this may be the biggest club I have ever been to but it is too effing packed. Like so packed you can't have fun. It amazes me that there aren't a ton of fights in here. I had no room to dance and less room to even walk. Tao Beach is cool upstairs but its COLD in November. As nice as the club is, there are too many cons and spots where its easier to have more fun in Vegas.
2	I went on a one nighter to Vegas with my GF this past weekend to meet up some friends after the Pacquiao fight...let me recap the night:1. We were led up to Tao Beach at 11PM at night, I do not know why, it was about 40 degrees and I was wearing a hoochy mama dress.2. By the time we got up to TAO beach, I was too tired to be excited. You try climbing up a million flights of stairs in 4 inch heels!3. We decided to go back downstairs in which there was another line to get to the stairs that take you down.4. Another million flights of stairs down. I guess I shouldn't complain - I probably burned off all the bread I had at Grand Luxe 2 hours prior. 5. We were walking through the crowded dance floor when all of a sudden I felt myself slipping on ice (aren't there supposed to be ppl that clean up this stuff??)...all I could think of was how embarrassing it would be if I fell..so I tried to catch myself a few times but in the end, it was inevitable, and I let myself fall...the slowest fall I have ever endured. I instantly knew my ankle was messed up and had to take my heels off. We walked to a less crowded area and it was there that I realized my knee was dripping blood and my ankle was swollen =( 6. A security saw and grabbed my hand and took me to the back where there was a paramedic to clean up my knee which had been sliced by something (I think glass)7. Security made me put my heels back on so I hobbled back to the club to try to enjoy the night. Realizing that there was no way I'd be able to stand in those heels any longer, I took a cab back to the hotel by myself..=( the end.
4	I love the concept of this club, which has an upscale lounge and a separate main nightclub section. This allows you to decide whether you want to wait in line in your 5 inch stilettos to get in the nightclub, or if you just want to chill for free at the lounge. Your choice. We were able to nix the line, since one of our friends knew a door man and got into the main club for free with no wait. The style of this club is classy yet trendy and the place is fairly big. It gets packed like sardines after awhile, so if you hate crowds then this ain't the place for you. The music was spot on with a good mix of hip hop and dance. Drink prices are what you expect in LV ($10-15) for mixed drinks. Overall this place is good, but only if you don't have to wait in that horrendously long line.
2	I'll be blunt. This is a place you should avoid. Located in the beautiful Venetian Hotel on the Strip, TAO fails to uphold the class and elegance you would expect from a Vegas Lounge. The drinks and food are EXPENSIVE!!!! We're talking like $14 a pop! The crowd is snooty and cliches. And the place is CROWED and LOOOOOOUD! I don't mind hearing a DJ spin some tunes, but the technio-babble beat of TAO will quickly make you wonder what made you decide to enter in the first place. The only saving grace of the place is that the lounge doesn't charge a cover and the staff are EXCELLENT and extremely nice. A hint for the ladies. The owner and lounge manager often prowl the lounge floor looking for cute girls (mostly wearing nothing) to give them free drink coupons and other goodies. That might be the only good reason for you to come here if you're in Vegas. lol
4	Had dinner here before and thought the food was pretty good!  Can't remember exactly what I ate, but was definitely surprised by the food quality at a club!  Aside from that, pretty cool club to party at in Vegas, but not as cool as XS!
2	I've been to TAO a couple of times. The inside of the club and decor is actually very nice. The bar on the main floor with that wall of mini monks is cool.However, I don't like coming here. It's EXTREMELY crowded. Getting onto the main dance floor is like being stuck in traffic. You're literally stopped trying to make your way in. Also, the layout is really weird. You need to climb two flights of stairs up to TAO beach then turn back around and go down one flight of stairs to get into the main level/Monk room.Drink prices are typical strip prices. $13 for a Jack & Coke.  I think TAO is one of those things where you should check it out. But as a Vegas local, I head to boutique nightclubs instead of the larger club conglomerates.
3	So f-ing crowded that it's almost not even worth it. It is really pretty inside and the music is great but I don't like getting stepped on by girls' heels. My feet are still heeling from it to this day.Not cool cuz I had to pay and I thought girls get in free. Sure our ratio of guys to girls was like 10:8. I guess I just don't like paying cover charges.
4	Nightclub review only:Came here w/ one of my best friends for her bday, where we met up w/ my cousin and his friend.  Luckily we knew one of the bouncers and got in faster than everyone else because that line was ridiculously long.  I think we would've never made it in if it hadn't been for a connection. Tao already looked like a lot of fun based on how many people were waiting to get in.We got inside before 11pm, so for girls sky vodka drinks/shots were free (w/ wristband) til then.  It was really crowded on the dance floor, the bar, the bathroom, etc. but I'd say that's the sign of a popular night club.  The drinks were good and the bartenders were really fast at getting our drinks.  The music was good and the dance floors were pretty big.  You know in the bathroom they have all those little bottles of perfume, lotions, gum, etc for you to use?  Usually when you use something (1 or 2 items) it is customary to tip the bathroom maids (who are basically staring you down as you use those products.) My only little complaint would be that they hover over you and when you take a tiny drop of lotion they demand a tip from you. It's a little rude to be demanding tip AS I'M PULLING MONEY OUT. Just wait a freakin minute and you'll get your tip, woman. Besides that, and that's really only a small complaint on my end, Tao was a lot of fun and I've been back since and will continue to visit when I'm in town!P.S. Didn't have to pay cover so I'm not sure how expensive this place is, but drinks are average price for the Vegas scene.
3	The good: Music is very danceable, the bathrooms, Beautiful.The bad: Suicide steps to get to the club, Confusing layout, CrowdedI'm a fan. I got lost a few times. ended up in the restaurant. woops. It's hard to navigate. if I had been wasted I would never have made it. Shit was packed. Tito was supposed to be hosting but I didnt see him once, not that I cared but if I had I would have been disappointed. The line was really long outside but if you have a promoter than your good. We waited max 5 minutes and we got free drinks. Which I got an AMF and it was so skanky I had to ditch it somewhere. Inside it is pretty. the go go dancers are actually good. YAY. There were some random ass shit in there like girls taking baths and girls massaging themselves. Weird. I mean that is there job to take a bath and get ogled at? One thing though it was so crowded on one of the dance floors that you couldnt even move. I like crowds. I like dancing in crowds but eff that. I would come here again. The DJ was great which will make or break a club so kudos!
4	I like the feel of this place.  The layout and decor put out a good vibe.  The bar on the top floor was ridiculous though.  This was the 3rd club of the night and I was in the mood for scotch.  Unfortunately, Grey Goose seems to be the standard bottle at most VIP tables so I had to maneuver my way to the bar.I bought 5 drinks and the tab ran to $70 w/ tip--not bad.  The bartender was cute and she kept apologizing for taking so long to get to me.  It takes a lot more to ruffle these feathers.The place was packed.  I rolled in around 130a and I was expecting the crowd to slim down, but the party was definitely still going strong.  I will definitely make it a point to come back here the next time I'm in LV.  It's just got such a good vibe.You're money, and you know it...
2	Insanely long line, but my friend had a broken foot so the door guy approached us and offered to get us in immediately. Cover was $20 and drinks were crazy expensive, but no suprise there since this is a club on the strip.The decor was amazing! I loved all the reds and golds and candles, but the set up was a little weird. Not feeling the feng shui I guess. Oh and my friend (with a BROKEN FOOT) and I tried to sit on a couch for a few minutes to get off the crowded sweaty dance floor and we were informed that we needed to get the hell up because some loser paid a grand so his pseudo friends could sit there and we were not invited. This stupid couch was not VIP and there were no indications that you had to pay or know somebody dumb enough to pay for the use of a couch in an overrated club... Plus the girls at this place were unbelievably rude. The bartenders were fast but bitchy (typical) but the spandex covered club rats were unbearable. No more Tao in my future.
3	The reason behind the 3 stars is because its sooo crowded!! ok, yeah, it's vegas, it's expected to be right? But it's like frustrating type of crowded, nevertheless the crowd was hot (guys and girls) the club was a jump off but I enjoyed the downstairs part better, more lounge feel to it. Dont' get me wrong im not putting this place down, a million reviewers will hype this place up and they aren't wrong, just to me, I've partied better.....
2	venue and go go dancers are great.  club aspect of the place is terrible.  no bottle service, no personal space.   i dont know how many times people in here get trampled over or get into a fight because you cant walk without bumping into someone.  i'd rather wait in line at xs for 2 hours before walking right into this place.
3	We didn't make it over here till after 1 in the morning.  There wasn't much of a line.  We got in with our passes.  The bottom floor was pretty dead.  We headed up to meet the rest of our group that was already partying in VIP.  We made it half way up the stairs as our group was heading down out of VIP on their way to the next location.  BOOOOI hope to flesh out this review on my next trip.
5	Loved this club! its super nice! bf had a suite at mirage accross street so it was a short walk there :) its really pretty and nice and classy inside..i heard mixed reviews from friends so i had this pre concieved opinion, but realy this place rocks!not to mention all the free drinks i got hahah =) even tho i was with the bf, there were plenty of drunky succckkkas ready to buy drinks for people muahha (my evil laugh at poor fools who buy girls drinks hehe) ..i dont remember leaving this place, iwoke up on the roof of the mirage ina taxi drivers car with a pissed bf (driver took me there and we both passed out, sounds like the hangover i kno HHAHAHAH) SOUNDS like a scene from the hangover but no just another wild crazy ass night in vEGas baby! mission accomplished.thanks Tao !
2	We were in Vegas this past weekend enjoying a family holiday and decided to eat at TAO before seeing Phantom at the Venetian. We arrived at TAO for dinner per our reservations at 5pm. They would not seat us until everyone in our party was in the restaurant. Two minutes later everyone was there. However, after assuring us our table was ready, we were not seated for 15 minutes. Irritating!We were seated under the huge goddess in the middle of the restaurant which was very exciting until five children nine years old and under decided to spend the next 30 minutes playing in the koi pond under the statue, one foot from my chair. Irritating!!I understand mood lighting but dark in a restaurant is not conducive to reading the damn menu! Irritating!We were told there was hooks under the table for our purses and shopping bags. Which was all fine and dandy until we got up from the table and couldn't get our purses off the "hook". Every female had to take extra seconds to finagle their purse from that hook. Irritating!Now on to the food! We had nice appetizers. The seafood wontons/dumplings, ribs, sea bass kabobs and squab lettuce wraps.. all were delicious!!Our entrees were seriously just plain bad. Their signature miso sea bass was good, but the veggies underneath were not edible as were the peking duck egg rolls and filet mignon. The orange chicken was not good either. The fried rice with peking duck had water chestnuts ... who the hell puts water chestnuts in fried rice... how yeah... Tao Restaurant does. Three fourths of the plate of fried rice was left on the table. The side of sweet pea greens were tough and over cooked.. also left on the table. Oh yes, we were a table of nine.Lastly, as mentioned we were a table of nine seated at a table for ten. I had to tell three different servers/bus boys that the seat next to me was empty. Three times! "There is no one sitting here!" They never cleared the glass of water. For all of the hoopla in this damn restaurant you would think the staff would know to clear the setting for an empty seat. IRRITATING!Phantom of the Opera was excellent!!!
5	After a horrible experience at XS, we called Richard Candido for a last-minute table at Tao.  We thought it would be a tall order, considering there were 16 of us, but he pulled it off.  Most importantly:  No drama, no BS, no attitude - this is what VIP service should always be.Thank you, TAO (Richard, specifically) for saving the night (again).
1	I'll never go here again!!  Me and my buddies were waiting in line patiently when all of a sudden one of the bouncer came over and pulled us off to the side.  We asked another bouncer what was going on and he rudely said, "Sir, have a good night."  At this point we were all thinking, "Did they just kick us out?"   Apparently that's what had happened.  It was my bachelor party weekend and this incident at Tao ruined my night.  Don't ever go here unless you bring a group of girls with you.  They are very prejudice towards groups of males.  They basically lost a couple hundred dollars of business that night because me and buddies were going to spend a lot on drinks!!
1	This place is horrible.First time I went the bartender stole $100 from my boyfriend and then acted like nothing happened. When my boyfriend confronted him he said he never got the money and brushed it off. F-ing idiot, that's called STEALING. It was a very frustrating situation.Second time there were more bartenders acting rude and even tried to get my friends kicked out for a misunderstanding. I was standing there watching the whole thing, the bartenders had serious attitude problems and go figure, they were all guys. Maybe I should have whipped out a measuring stick to settle the dispute.Both times it was overly crowded and people were being herded like cattle.The pretty venue is not worth the bad attitudes and ego trips. There are SO MANY other better clubs and lounges to go to, you're in LV after all. If you still decide to check out all the hype, be wary of the bartenders!
4	Good times at TAO. Perhaps we were lucky ladies...we didn't have to wait in line, we got free drinks all night and we had a blast! Of all the clubs we went to during our weekend in Vegas, TAO was by far my favorite. I recommend finding a good promoter (like Mike N.) and making sure that you and your crew are on whatever list you need to be on so that you can just walk in and not have to wait in an insanely long line. Good music, good people, great atmosphere...I will definitely go back to TAO next time I'm in Vegas and maybe I'll try the restaurant too! :)p.s. Coat check is $5, but we didn't have to pay to get in or for drinks, so it was no biggie!
5	Hell to the yes for the excellent bottle service received at Tao!  Chris and Paige straight hooked it up for us.  Caught a deal: buy 2 bottles and get comp'd one free.  We settle for a bottle of henny, ketel, and our comp'd bottle was no Popov.  Belvadere! Whoohoo!The entire night liquor pours, we're feelin the beats, security at our side, and all the while never having our mixers less than halfway full.  They were on top of it.  Everytime our group left to explore, our bottles were immediately placed in the back, and brought back out to us when we returned.  And after the club, the courtesy does not end.  A text message to me hoping our time at Tao was to our expectations! The next day an email to my husband thanking us for partying with Tao.  A heads-up to those considering bottle service here: the minimum quoted to you does not include tax and tip.  Gratuity is at 20% so keep that in mind.  Loved my experience here, and will definitely be back.
1	This club sucks!  I don't know why people like this **it hole.  We went there on Saturday and the cover charge was $30 for guys.  What a rip-off.  The drinks were also expensive.  $16 for a shot of Henny?? Whack.The place was packed full of fat chicks, which makes it difficult to move around.  Damn hippos keep bumping my girl around.  The music was annoying with all the airhorn sounds every 5 secs.  Where the hell did they get the DJ?  Clown school?  And the MC keep yelling out "VEGAS!! Come on VEGAS!!, etc." every 10secs.  Dude, we know we're in Vegas, just STFU so I can hear the music.
4	Well, overall I like this club.I came to this club after Christmas day. I found a good promoter, James D. He put me and my friends on the guest list, so we did not have to wait in a long line and we paid nothing. We walked in, and got a pink wristlet for the free cocktails. It was Lady's night  and free cocktails were provided from 10pm to 11pm.There were so many people! one stage on the upper level was closed. Main dance floor was packed with people. Several ladies started dancing on the narrow stage, and later, lots of girls came out.The dance floor was so crowded that I was stuck between people. I would have loved this club if it were not that crowded, but lots of clubs are filled with people during Christmas time, so I understand. I liked the atmosphere and music. I will come back to Tao if I'm in Vegas again.
4	Tao nightclub. Oh how attractive you are to the many tourists and locals! Fridays and Saturdays are the busy nights. The bathroom upstairs are clean and modern. The workers are really quick with everything .. Including cleaning up throwup (yes I know .. Yuckk). Spacious but I  wish the dancefloor was bigger.
2	It starts losing it's appeal when you venture out of the strip a little more when you wanna club in Vegas. You should go here once. JUST ONCE, after that never come here gain.Yes, there's nekkid girls in tubs. Yes, there's all these extravagant decorations and Asian statues. Yes, there's multiple rooms. But you know what? THE DANCE FLOOR SUCKS.WTF were they thinking. I swear, they just stuffed the place with tons of tables for VIP bottle service that for those who don't wanna dish several bills for alcohol, it's kinda just a waste of time. I can BARELY dance on that little piece of square they call the dance floor. WHAT'S THE POINT ANYMORE?! Just to stand around and spend hella money on drinks? I COULD DO THAT AT A BAR.LAME. LAME. LAME.
4	all you need is the right amount of alcohol and your girls!  make your way to the VIP area so you don't have to be packed in like sardines.  only complaint...the bouncers are the biggest douches in the world.  I guess they need to compensate somehow.
4	Ok Ive been to several night clubs in vegas for straight 3 nights stay here from dc its my favorite night club. Group of guys went there for business trip omg i have never imagine how large the club is ! We danced all night on our last day stay here. I was impressed on thier customer service and how crowded this club is on Thursday night! We booked our table which is recommended even though it's expensive it's worth it...it's better than Lavo Jet and Thyrst all combined...Gogo girls were hot too I would come here again...it's just regular club with Asian decor not like they would play  Asian songs but their DJ plays decent music I  was grooving it all night with cranberry vodkaNo wonder celebrities would come here...book the table first then u can pass the long lines
1	I hate this place! First off the emplyees are terrible! Starting from the first bouncer that put us into the wrong line assuring us it was the guest list line when it was just general. Then when we FINALLY got in and got our drinks the bartender was rude the whole time!!! The dance floor was also wayyy too packed. We tired to make the most of it but I will never go back!
4	I'm a repeat customer at TAO...the drinks and dishes here are consistently fantastic. They have an excellent Sake list and their mixed cocktails are divine. My favorite is actually their signature cocktail...I think it's called a TAOtini? I know the name leaves a little something to be desired but it is GOOD and packs a punch, so sip 'em slowly. I love the sultry, seductive atmosphere at TAO - they have beautiful, rich, Asian-themed decor and and there are lots of dim corners to snuggle up in at TAO's lounge if you're looking for a romantic spot to whisper sweet nothings before dinner. ;o)If you want to make a night out of it, head up to the nightclub after - great music and a hot, hot, hot dance floor. I've never had a bad night at TAO...hope you enjoy as much as I do!
2	I completely agree with Samantha N., this place is too crowded on the dance floor.  There are two dance floors but both of them were uncomfortably crowded.  However, I really liked the decor and for that reason I would say you should come here once if you have time, do a loop and then maybe head out to a place where you can actually party and have fun.  The cover is only $20 and if you call ahead you can get on the guest list for no additional charge, and we didn't have to wait more than 20 minutes to get in.  I had a fun night just looking at all the stuff they had set up, the girls in the tubs, the Buddhist (or taoist?) statue room, and the traditional Cambodian dance going on on the screens.  Another minor thing that pissed me off was that we got in at 11:45 (the guest list rules say you have to get there before midnight) and the coat check was not set up yet.  If you require people to get there before midnight, you should have the coat check set up at midnight.  What's even weirder is that we came back 15 minutes later and they took our coats, but at the same time I heard them telling some other girls that the coat check was not set up yet.  This struck me as sketchy.
3	About what you'd expect for a good nightclub. Lots of rooms and people. What was surprising was how, um, short, some of the party people were. Granted, I'm no Yao Ming, but I'm not from the West Coast, and I thought they grew them bigger out there b/c of the sun.Anyway, I came here as part of my bachelor party weekend, so I don't really know if the cost of drinks is good or bad. The drinks themselves seem like they came w/ a good amount of alcohol, so that was good. I also enjoyed the scantily clad dancers randomly positioned around the club.It dies down quite a bit after 2 p.m. though. I guess everyone heads out to Rhino. ;)
3	Nightclub review only: Lines are usually long. Most times I have been there, there are promotors all over the place. Cover was $30 for guys. Drinks were around $15. They were mixed badly every time Ive been there. Dance floor is small in comparison to rest of the club. It was also very packed and hard to find people to dance with. Lots of tables and booth type areas all around the facility. Music played was mostly hip-hop/rap. Dancers were attractive. Despite it's shortcomings, I still managed to find people and have fun. The Downstairs lounge is a good place to hang out before or after for some real socializing.
3	I had a fun time here with my buddies. Like any club in Vegas, make sure you come with more women than men in your group, otherwise you face a $20-$40 cover and hours in line.The club itself is beautifully laid out inside, and there are hot gogo dancers everywhere. The dance floor itself is pretty small, and there isn't always a lot of room to dance. The music was good, but DJ Reach is pretty damn bad as far as DJs go. He can't beat match for shit and uses that air horn way too damn much. I'll come back, but only if I have a gaggle of Asian women in tow.
5	This is an awesome club!  If you have a group (we had 7 guys for a birthday party weekend) get a table and bottle service.  Tao's VIP service team is the best in the city.  We got a table up at the Tao Beach pool area with access to the regular club as well.  Our two waitresses were total sweethearts and everybody in the group had a ball.  Things got pretty blurry as the night wore on, but that will happen when you order 4 bottles of Goose (that's Geese)......
1	overcrowded. and overrated. i've been to tao many times so i can say that all the times i've been, my experience has been the same. sweaty bodies galore. myself included.the only sweet deal is getting in for free for staying at the palazzo. but then again, girls usually do.there are so many other popping clubs out there. unless you want to be shoved around and COMPLETELY surrounded by sweaty bodies, then i suppose tao is for you.
1	I'll keep this short and to the point...Back in the day, this was the place to be...today, it's lost its luster... -Music - I like the sh*T you can groove to without loads of alcohol. I definitely was not drunk enough for the crap they were playing...-Crowd - this place is a f*cking fire hazard...you can't freakin move on the dance floor...you spend the night sandwiched and shoved between strangers...and it's not even the kind of strangers you WANT to be brushing elbows and body parts with...it's the kind of people you want to get the f*ck off you...- Hired female talent - they used to be so lovely...you used to be greeted by the most beautifully teasing women laying in bath tubs...but now those tubs are empty...the stage was filled with the  most sexiest go-go dancers...but they too have disappeared....the occasional girls you see around had to be from the B line of applicants...In short...waste of time and money.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. best club ive been to thus far ! free admission, 4 free drink tickets. The bartender MARK was fantastic. he knew what he was doing and was really good at bartending ! There are like 3 bars and 3 dance floors so its easy to get drinks. We went to the bar near the main dance floor and the bartender (forgot her name) she took 5 GIRLS' orders before the guys and when someone said something about skipping them, she kindly said cmon ladies first =) Great vibe and energy here ! Long line but it moves really fast.
2	Bumped up a star for you, Carolina!And because I did have a raging 21st birthday back in '06.
5	Just got back from Tao. I gotta admit, I'm not the club goer i once was, but Tao definitely sets a pretty high standard. I like it there because they have a pretty strict dress code that is NOT lenient (no white tees and fitteds). For the guys no collar shirt/dress shoes NO SERVICE. For women... Well, we all know y'all can wear whatever the hell you want! Even on a Thursday night it was packed (but not jammed.... contrary to believe there is a difference). The line woulda took about 2 hours to get in, but the hookup for the night came thru. Walked right in, free entry, free drink ticket, and several bottles at our table. nice! cocktail from the Ray J show was dancing here.... So that makes 2 times i saw her in less than a week. Gogo dancing contest at 12am. 2 dance floors, good music. Along with Pure and XS, Tao is one of the better clubs in Vegas.
5	I LOVE TAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My friends and I had such a great time here! The decor is super sexy, but when you're walking in, be careful near the bath tubs!! the corners of the base stick out a bit, and i almost fell into the tub! that would have been a baaaad night. well, luckily that didnt happen, so i had a nice dry, did-not-fall-into-tub dry night :)Anywho, I really like this place because the music is great. Great current, hiphop music that you can really dance to. And if you want to have alittle bit more of a chill environment, then you can go into their second room in the back where i would say is more r&b. However, the room started to pick up the tempo around... midnight? The layout isnt as open as say, XS, but the music is better, the crowd is better, and i felt like it was more of people that just wanted to dance. AND i think i saw less old people. I mean... i'm not hating on the old people.. it's just.... you know... at a club you would expect like 20s and 30s, right?? You know when you go to a club and you're like "hmmm what's granpa doing past his bedtime?" yeah i didnt see that at Tao. I hear that there is a way to get to Tao beach from the club at night time, so that might be something cool too. Will update when i discover that.
3	Been to Tao a few times now. I loved it the first time, but after coming back again, think differently about it.First off, this is one of those clubs that will screw guys over if you don't have at least a 50-50 ratio. I came here with a group of 4 guys and they basically told us if we don't buy a table, we're not getting in. The doorman wouldn't even let us wait in line! Luckily, we had made friends with another doorman earlier that night and he let us in no problem.After you get in, the place is really cool for the first 15 minutes, until the rest of the crown starts filling in the place. Once the place gets packed, there's no where to move, no where to stand, no where to dance. I don't get how this isn't a fire hazard. I must say the decor is awesome and the bathing girls is a nice touch. The bartenders are always awesome here too. But the doormen and bouncers suck and the place is hard to move around. However, everyone should visit this place at least once.
4	We were booked at The Venetian and therefore we went to check out Tao.  We' re on the guest list for Saturday but we ended up coming on Friday as well.  Yes, its  a happening place! Go-go dancers bathing on tubs, drunk people making out, great music from the DJ. Had a treat of watching Mayweather groove on the dancefloor Friday night.  I was entertained.  Had a couple of Patron and beers!  Security people did their job well by kicking out the ones who are passed out on the couch.  Yes, they're strict but I think its just right to make sure no one gets hurt and spoil the fun of everyone else who are there to drink, dance and meet people.Yes, I also met a number of people wanting to talk to me but I could not remember a single name when I woke up the following morning...lol... Go, drink but don't pass out.  Dance and be merry at Tao!
4	1st off for those ragging on this place for the music selection you're going to a club w/ multiple rooms. You're gonna hear hip hop in one, some house/electro in the other, and maybe more hip hop. It doesn't matter if you go to New York, LA, or Vegas, any big club on a Friday, Saturday, or a Sunday night will be the same. If you go a Friday or Saturday night expect it to be packed, it's a Friday/Saturday night in Vegas... duh.I got in for free on guestlist from a friend, I'm sure a club this big it can't be too hard to find a GL for. I had  a really good time, kept moving back between 2 of the bars on the 3rd floor. At least I'm pretty sure it was the 3rd floor lol, the night did get kind of hazey, so... yeah =)
4	Minimum Age: 21+.Cost: ~$30Crowd: Mixed, 20-30's.Dress Code: Fashionable attire.Music: Top 40 upstairs in the main room, house on the first level and in the side room upstairs.Date Attended: 01/21/10 & 01/22/10, Thursday & FridayI got a wristband good for the whole weekend, Thursday-Sunday, no waiting in line at Tao and Lavo for $18.80 at this website, http://www.bestofvegas.com/Night-Clubs/TAO-Las-Vegas-Nightclub-Pass/.  It's definitely worth purchasing so go get it if you're going and if the promotion is still there.Average mixed drink prices were about $14.  The drinks were nice, strong, and the bartenders were pretty good about getting drinks in a timely manner.  Music was decent.  Decor was nice.  Doormen were courteous.  Being the off-season, the main floor was packed, the side room had a good amount of people there too.  I had a good time here and would go back.Pros: Courteous doormen.  Good drinks.  Nice decor.  Free weekend pass rocked!Cons: None.
2	I wish I could tell you guys about the great time I had here, and how I rubbed elbows with a few reality show pseudo-celebs, danced in a crowded corner with insanely hot females who looked like Kristen Kreuk and Olivia Wilde, dodged a cupcake thrown by a fellow Yelper, and saw a guy in a wheelchair trying to do some popping and locking moves like Rerun from that old TV show "What's Happening!". But here's the thing...I never got past the entrance so all I can tell you is about my experience standing in line for about an hour. As a few of the other male reviewers have noted, if your guy-to-girl ratio ain't up to the clipboard guys' standards, start making plans to go elsewhere. In my case, it didn't seem to matter that we were on a guestlist and were perfectly willing to throw down bills for drinks inside, because our ratio wasn't good enough for them. Even when the clipboard guy suggested we get bottle service, he wouldn't tell us on the spot how much it was. Either way, we would have ended up out of that line. It was a frustrating experience because I was with a friend who really wanted to celebrate his 30th birthday in style there, but I guess it just wasn't meant to be.I know...Tao's a popular Vegas club, and I totally understand why they do what they do. It doesn't mean I have to like it though. And I know that there are other guys out there who feel the same way. But hey, if I ever come back and get in, I'd be down to do an update to this review and maybe even bump it up a star or two.
3	Tao is hit or miss with me, I guess it depends on who you go with and who's DJ-ing that night. I had really bad nights when the DJ was bad, and the crowd was gross. There are a lot of asians at this club so if you have the asian fetish I guess it's a godd place for you. Oh man I've run into soo many creepazoids at this club though. Some nasty dude taking his shirt off giving lap dances, douchy indian pansies that hit girls when they don't give them the time of day, and guys who pull on your clothes to get your attention like they're in pre school. BUT there are decent guys too, some with manners, and actually ASK a girl to dance with them instead of creeping up behind them and just latching on like a parasitic leech. So it's definitely HIT or MISS. I'll go but Tao is never my first choice.
1	I went here a couple months ago for my birthday because I heard good things about it. I had a lot of fun although it was REALLY crowded.I came back recently for my friends birthday. I almost got into the club but the bouncer checking my ID didn't believe it was me. He made me sign my signature and smile for him to see if my ID was legit. He passed it on to 4 other bouncers and they each said no. They said it's too close to call and that they needed to see another ID. I was appalled since I was a hotel guest at Palazzo which is the sister hotel of Venetian where Tao is located. This experience affected my view of Tao (obviously), Venetian, and Palazzo. We ended up going to Lavo which is in Palazzo and I complained to the manager.  He gave me a free drink and I was happy again but I don't think I'll ever be staying at Venetian and Palazzo and going to Tao. Besides.. XS at Encore is better.
3	Believe it or not, Tao is also a restaurant.  We went early and had dinner (4 of us).  We were looking for a light meal so we ordered a bunch of appetizers, some sushi and the wasabi crusted sirloin.  Every dish was very high quality and delicious.  The service was very good.  The look of the place is beautiful and every table was filled on a Saturday night.  The DJ was spinning a great mix of dining compatible music that was good but didn't overpower our conversation.  I'd definitely go again for dinner.
2	I went here... and I'm sad. It was popular, it was crowded, the music was good...But WAYYY too many people. Guestlist took an hour to get in @ 10. Inside... there was absolutely nowhere to dance ! Coat check is expensive... wish I just left my coat in a corner chair. The stairs are annoying since there are drunken girls everywhere... drinks cost way too much anyway, and the service was horrible (probably because it was so busy). The only saving grace is the sheer number of incredibly single, hot Asian guys.
3	I was a bit underwhelmed, because after all i'd heard, i was expecting to be awed. Places like Xs can be crowded without being overpowering or claustrophobic, because they're large and make good use of their space.At Tao, i must have had 2 drinks split on me, and elbowed countless times on the dance floor. The secret, as i found out much much later at 3 am, is to go to one of the side rooms or all the way upstairs. More room, classier people, hotter girls.The women here were pretty attractive in general, but any kind of conversation is impossible because it's so loud, so you're really going to have to look the part too.This was my first night of the trip, and while it seemed good on the friday, after Xs and Bank, I'm not convinced it was all that.
4	Went here after having my birthday dinner at the restaurant downstairs. if you have dinner at the restaurant, you get a stamp that allows you into the night club at no extra charge. Unfortunately, you can't just go right on up, you still have to go out of the restaurant and make line and show ID like everyone else. Once inside, it was crowded. So crowded that even standing at the bar got you bumped and shoved each way possible. The main dance floor was jam packed as well, and so was the slightly smaller dance floor at the other end of the club. Music was generally top 40 and hip hop-not too much of a variety. But the crowd was very lively, especially when the confetti would drop from the ceiling. Overall, it was a fun night, but I think I expected more from all the hype this place has obtained. if you are wondering, it is true that there are almost naked girls sipping on champagne, sitting in bath tubs. It is definitely interesting to look at, but I don't think they added to my experience at the club. I think I enjoyed the bar and the restaurant downstairs a lot more...
1	I hate this place. Everyone who works here is SO FREAKING RUDE and obnoxious and it's always so packed that you literally can't breathe. By midnight there's nowhere to stand without a bouncer demanding that you move. There are lines to go anywhere, upstairs, downstairs, down the hall, to a different room, to EXIT, EVERYWHERE. Also, they're bitchier about getting girls in here, but I don't know why. Even when we have a table, it isn't much better because you can't ever leave your little area without facing the mob around it. I don't understand how this place is still in business with Tryst and XS next door.
2	I went here on 2/13/10 with my husband.  We were looking forward to dancing and having a night to remember.  From how it was described it seemed that it was a cool laid back place with room to lounge and dance.  I really should have just went to a show or something or at least done more research before going.  We did not get in for free either.  Next time we go, we will be looking for a more mature and sophisticated place to have fun.  Great place for immature girls looking to have fun and young, dumb, full of cum boys.  Good:  nice decor, statues, lighting, nice entry with almost naked girls sitting in water.Bad: Male employees think that they are secret service or something, This place is jammed packed, way over capacity.  I wonder what is the capacity of a place like that? What would happen if there was a fire!  It would become total chaos.  I mean, we literally touched everyone and everybody touched us!  No elbow room what so ever.  Almost had my drink knocked out of my hand 3 times.  No place to sit, no place to stand without having to move!  Overall, I would not go again.
3	Too many side stories to tell wid the dudes i was with bachelor weeknd but the craziness started happenin here at Tao.. haha..No doubt this club is over the top and poppin.. Luckily had a dude wid us who knew the DJ and got us in VIP style.. The music was aiiight.. The vibe was ehhhh.. But hey.. My boy Chris was havin a good time wid da homies..  The place is over the top wid all the Asian design but its a chill place to roll thru on the way to another spot..All i have to say that security was super cool.. We had some dudes wid us who'd prolly get smashed anywhere else in Clubbin USA.. Security handled some of us drunkards in a super profesional manner and we luckily lived another nite.. haha..
1	This place sucks bad!!!This is a dying club and they are always asking for guy girl ratios but the prob is the girls are super ugly and old... it's like clubbing with my grandma and her friends LOL!!!  The only young people there might be the people you come with hahaha!!!This is a terrible place to club... that's why they are now offering free admission all the time but still... who wants to party with their grandma and help her change her diaper LOL!!!!
3	We got VIP entry into this club, which was supposed to include drinks...however, no matter where we were offered free drinks in Vegas besides gambling, there was always a catch.  Here the people just denied it altogether.  And rudely.Alas--the club has *great* music.  Perfect dance music if you like Top 40 stuff.  It has plenty of dancers who are too short to be showgirls, I guess...and a very interesting display of women in bathtubs with rosepetals glued onto them with oodles of men drooling (which is hysterical since one is surrounded by strip clubs and revues...why not go there for this but sigh....)The men I found to be thus pretty horned up and grabby--I have never been grabbed so many times on a dance floor and literally pulled across the room.  That's not my scene so that got old after about the 5th time it happened.  When I figured I may punch the next guy who touched me, I headed for a bathroom break.  The bathrooms are out of the way and have pretty cool doors that frost when you lock them.  I was in the bathroom, using it, when a guy jiggled the handle and I yelled, "Hey, I'm in here."  He says, "YOU HAVE TO LOCK THE DOOR!"  Soooo I pretty much was the show that night I guess.  Good times.  Remember to lock the door, people.  This club does have a coat check and multiple bars...drinks are pricey just like at every club.  I don't know that I'd go back every trip to Vegas but it would be fun every now and again.
2	This used to be the IT place back in the day.  A couple years ago this was the go to place until XS, Haze, etc. This place gets so crowded.  Even thought there are a few rooms but one area for dancing it gets to congested in there!  The only place you can sit down is all the way on the roof by the pool area.  And to get up there is insane.  You are lead up this crazy stair case. The only cool thing is that you'll see the girls with petals on their boobies in bathtubs or them stroking each other which makes you feel like a creeper but hey they are there for you to watch! I made the mistake of coming here on a holiday weekend and the line was out the door!! This place is over-hyped.  I say go to another club unless you are getting bottle service here.
5	One of the best nightclubs I've ever been to. Got in here right away for free with the help of a promoter. Place was jam packed on a Friday night. The dance floor was so crowded you felt like you were in a rave or something, rubbing up on everyone. The private VIP areas were nice as you had room to breathe and dance up on the stage areas. We ended up freeloading some bottle service from these guys, but hey its VEGAS! I was definitely impressed with the decor and the ambiance here. Girls naked rolling in rose petals... yep its Vegas.
3	This place is always poppin!!  Open bar until I don't know when because it felt like endless drinks to me and I was feeling pretty happy by midnight when we left to another club.Pretty asian themed decor.  Is that why it attracts so many AzNs??Why are the girls' restrooms upstairs??!!  We have to push our way through the sardines packed dancefloor crossing our legs so our alcohol filled bladders do not burst and then climb upstairs to wait in a long line while boys from downstairs can look up our dresses.  I don't get it.Tiny smoking patio outside, but you get a nice view of the strip.  Typical club music, hip hop gets you bouncing off the walls.  Overall, fun club that I wouldn't mind coming back to.
5	Packed, packed, packed - on a THURSDAY night...  Still my favorite place to party in LV.
5	My boogie nights over at TAO was a blast!! TAO was hot stuff back in the days. Now everybody is talking about XS.  Which is cool but can they beat naked dime chics bathing in golden tubs?! I think not!!  Feng shui-ish theme, sexy lounge downstairs, two awesome dancefloors upstairs, everybody is crunked up, promiscuous girls randomly making out on the couches, sizzling hot bartenders are quick serving your drinks, mostly play top 40 music, go-go girls know how to shake that booty, lots of flirtatious asians and fobs with alcohol breaths.. OH yea, you'll absolutely make good memories over here :D
3	I experienced TAO Night club.  And it truly is a scene.  Jam packed dance floor, extremely long lines for drinks and the restroom.  AND the women's restroom is upstairs in the worst accessible area (+through the middle of a walkway).(Side note: the women in random bathtubs all over the club as decor... lying in the tub feeling each other's legs, arms, etc... was a bit creepy.  They just stared, in to space or angrily and laid there.  AWKWARD)TAO does boast A List celeb bashes and guests so if you're looking for a celeb sighting you'll probably score.  Unfortunately, this draws the crowds.  Get there early... or get on the guest list!  $20/$30 cover adds up for a big group.
3	TAO has probably the best decor/theme/appearance compared to any club. But great looking decor only goes so far.  Downsides . . . . . - Drinks are the usual $10-$15- Extremely long lines, if you get their 30 min before opening, expect to be there up to an hour after they open- if your a guy and aren't accompanied by a group of ladies, then you'll wait even longer.- No room to dance, dance floor to table ratio is about 15% dance floor and 85% tables. When I say dance floor that includes the hallways and isles. - music is just average in the main room, not bad, but not great. Music is much more diverse/slightly better in that one small room- staff seemed friendly,Reason to go . . . . . - its Vegas, why not try it- decent guy to girl ratio, even though they seem to let in 5 ladies for everyone guy, it doesn't seem that way inside- slightly above average ratio of better looking ladies to uglies- women in bath tubs (little over rated though)- the waitresses looked better than most of women thereTips - go early unless you like slowly losing your buzz in line for an hour or two- if your a guy, bring women even if their slightly ugly or you don't know them, saves a ton of time in line- if you plan on going and drinking @ TAO with a large group, get a table & a bottle.- get on the guest list- get drunk @ the bar next door w/that subway inside or pick up a handle @ CVS/walgreens to the left
4	Great music.Various rooms.Live Band, aka guy banging the drums real good...and I mean REAL good. Hot Bouncers. Hear Ye Hear Ye...calling all beat thumpers!  Tao will satisfy all your nasty dance fantasies. I enjoyed my experience at TAO.  Why?I was on a guest list and paid nothing.I waited less than 20 minutes.I was allowed to partake in an open bar for an hour.I am a girl and had no boys in my party.Although I encountered some snooty people, I was able to brush them off and keep dancing. I didn't wait in line to see Paris Hilton, but I did enjoy seeing Kevin from The Office behind the red ropes. I enjoyed watching the HOT PEOPLE.Trust me, get on the list...take advantage of the people you know or have met. I learned they also get a cut when I step foot in the door.WISH: I would love TAO more if they allowed me to soak my feet in the rose petal tubs in the front. Looks so soothing...my feet would appreciate.
5	I would definitely go here again! I strongly recommend this place for all Vegas newbees.
3	Came here for both dinner and the club. We had a 9:45pm reservation for a party of 8 that I was able to make the week of. We got there 20 minutes late and had to wait an additional 20 on top of that since they had given our table away. That is fair. I got the shrimp pad thai and it was not the best. However, everyone else at the table loved their meals. The dishes varied including everything from sushi rolls to steak. If everyone ordered an entree, you got to go to the club with no line or cover. Not all of us got entrees but our server was cool and let it slide. After dinner, we all walked back to the front to show ID and get our hand stamped. From there it was right into the club around midnight. Kim Kardashian was hosting a party that night so it was packed. The bouncers kept people moving and the music was vibing. They have multiple rooms and we found ourselves in the back left room the entire night after touring the main room. There were go-go dancers, etc., like your typical club. The music was great in our little room. A lot of old school hip-hop and rap songs that had us all singing along. The fact that we got into the club for free with no line if we had dinner there was clutch!
5	Did a 24-hour day/night trip to Vegas with my best friend Dalia on 3/4 to 3-5.  We decided to have a spontaneous trip to Vegas! after my midterms, and have some girly fun before her finals.  We'd  been walking up and down the strip when one of  the many club marketing guys gave us an assortment of club vouchers for open bar and free entry into the hottest clubs of that night.  After a full day of eating, walking, the spa, and more walking and shopping, we decided while having a sundae at Serendipity 3, that we'd go to TAO.   (Jessie put us on the guest list!)Originally, we were supposed to have gotten there earlier (9:45) to get in first and hang around a little bit, but with dinner on the other end of the Palazzo (went to Morel's for some good wine,) my friend and I walked back to TAO by 10:30pm.  Even though we were on the guest list, we had a to wait a little bit in the ladie's only line but that was fine.  It was a great time to take some more pictures of our hott night!  Getting in felt like we were being rounded up like cattle... but we got in!  Upstairs was for those with wristbands and up we went.  The place was packed! Lots of different rooms/bar areas/ and go-go dancers who actually knew how to dance (and were pretty) all around.  The only downer about this place was that their coat check wasn't available until midnight.  Until the restaurant closed, the coat check wasn't available til then.  (Fraking sucked! Had to carry our jackets everywhere we went.)   Regardless, my friend and I finally found a nice spot (by a couch where we could place our jackets) and dance without abandon.  Some really sweet guys came up and danced with us literally 5 minutes in finding our spot and we had a grand time.  Too bad they "left to go get drinks," they missed out on having a great time with two hott ladies!  It was all fine with me anyway.  Our 24-hr Vegas trip was almost done, I had to drive all the way back to the O.C. the same night.  We left around 2am and got home at 5:30am.  All in all, I'm glad we chose TAO over LAVO and  Bellagio's The Bank.  This Vegas trip compared to the summer trip I made last year in August, was definitely the best fun I've had in awhile.  And that time, my group had stayed for 4 days!  This place was awesome!  Definitely coming back here to start up the night--- until the next time --- I'll be dancing up a storm in downtown Long Beach!Notes:  Ladies--dress to impress!Bring a small bag rather than a huge purse.Unless you're coming here by 12am, don't bother to bring your coat.  Coat check opens at 12am.  So anytime before that, you'll have to lug the thing around.  Tip those bartenders for your free drink during open bar! They deserve it especially after the crazy show they do: it's speedy gonzales--- an-dale' an-dale'--arriba!
3	Another weekend getaway to Vegas with the girls!!! Undecided to which club to go to for that night sooo all of us agree to go to Club Tao. When we got there the line was pretty long so we talk to the bouncer and us girls did it again and we got in for FREE yeahhh!! B4 getting into the club there were bathtubs on the side with candle light and flower flooding on top of the water and in each tub there was a beautiful young lady in it just chillaxin. When we finally push and shove our way up-stairs there were 2 girls on top of each other giving one another a massages. I thought that was kind of weird. I love the asian theme and the decoration!! The dance floor & the bar was completely crowded which in my opinion is not good bc we had to work our way through the crowd, waiting to order a drink was ridiculous, both dance floor down-stair and up-stair was jammed. Afraid to dance bc I don't want anyone to grope or touch me inappropriately. I would definitely come back to Tao, not for the club scence but for dinner!!!
5	Seriously Tao...I've got a jones for you.  I love your frame.  I love your name.  I love your game.  I was here on Saturday night to celebrate my boy Edwin's 29th.  It was kind of an epic night.  We had intentions of going to another club afterwards, but the love at Tao was too strong.  It grabbed onto us and didn't let us go.First off, I strongly encourage you to reserve a table on a weekend.  You'll save yourself the torment of waiting hours in line.  When we came up the escalator we saw hundreds of people in line for Tao.  I've haven't seen a line that long since I was at Disney World.  Of course, we didn't have to wait in line.Once we established ourselves, we were led into the club immediately.  Even ahead of those who had tables.  This is where my boys' connection comes in.  It's the type of connection that most may never have, but still, I highly advise bottle service.Our table is in the center of club, overlooking the dance floor and the wannabee go-go dancers aka drunk chicks with no beat.  Our attendants were ridiculously gracious and attentive.  They definitely made us all feel like a million bucks.I know a lot of people knock Tao because of the overcrowded dance floor, bars and restrooms.  But if you're VIP, you don't have to worry about any of that.  Well...except for the restroom.And there definitely is a difference between VIP passes, VIP, and table/bottle service.  The latter is really where you need to be.  Waiting in line isn't for me.We went through several magnum bottles of Goose and several bottles of Jagermeister.  The bill came out to several thousand bucks.  Was it worth it?  Abso-freakin-lutely!!!!!  I haven't had that much fun in long time.  A memorable night indeed.I love you...
3	ha ha ok....maybe i was too drunk to figure out wut was goin on last time. but i went again and it wasn't so bad :P i discovered that the first floor has all the good hip hop music and isn't plastered with people. the main room is impossible! we stepped onto the dance floor, got instantly crushed in a hot, sweaty mass, and clawed our way back out for air...hahhaaha. so i think 3.5 if  u stay on the first floor :) and if u meet a cute boy like i did ;)
3	The only reason we came is because while we were eating at the Tao restaurant, a lady came to our table and gave us free admission & tickets that would allow us to cut in front of the line. When we showed up the line was ridiculously long but we got to enter right away. When we got in, the place we ridiculously packed to the point where you could barely move - Not fun!!! The lines to get a drink at the bar were horrendous too. We didn't stay long because it was not enjoyable since the place was at over capacity. If you had a VIP booth it would be bearable. My advice: skip this place even if you get free admission, it's WAY too crowded.  Oh, at least check out the girls dressed in rose petals that they pay to sit in water.
3	This will be a two part review for the Tao Lounge and the Tao Nightclub:1)  Tao Lounge:  2-3 stars:  Very cool vibe with a nice seating area if you get there earlier in the night.  Basically, you should be there around 8/8:30pm if you want a chance to enjoy the lounge.  Drinks had the asian-fusion vibe to them (duh) and my saketini was pretty damn good.  Unfortunately, our waitress was a big turn-off -- you could just tell that all she wanted was a tip.  No conversation, no friendliness, no rapport -- just business.2)  Tao Nightclub:  3 - 4 stars:  We ate at the restaurant and got in without paying cover or waiting in the MASSIVE line.  Basically, come here early if you're not a hot group of girls or expect to wait forever.  The line here was unbelieveable -- it seemed to be the span of a few city blocks and lapped around the escalater area in front.The club itself was pretty cool though it was PACKED.  People are basically packed in there like sardines.  If you want to relax, come early and stake out an area, or drop for bottle service.  This is a massive club with a few bar areas, and a balcony.It's basically what you expect in a Las Vegas nightclub.
4	Despite the slowest service in the history of mankind, the food was delicious, if unoriginal, and the drinks kept our table alive between courses where the waitress apparently forgot about our table of ten. As for the club, really cool atmosphere with plenty of places to walk around if you're not feeling it in a particular room. Go upstairs, downstairs, jump from room to room. It's a huge space and lots of half-naked pretty girls are on display in the bathtubs filled with water and rose petals.
3	I don't think I'll ever understand the etiquette involved with accepting free drinks. My girl friends always try to push me into getting a free drink if they think I could. They also egg each other on to do so. My guy friends call me a gold digger if I do accept a drink.. which pisses me off because: A.) I have two jobs and I can afford my own alcohol thank you very much; B.) The same guys also offer to buy or straight out get me drinks. So how does the etiquette of free drinks tie in with Tao? Because I succumbed to the peer pressure of my girlfriends and accepted a decent amount of drinks. Maybe it was sheer luck that there were so many guys from UCI that night. Apparently anteaters stick together and buy each other ridiculous amounts of alcohol. I found out that night that the trash cans in the food court of the Venetian have panels that open sideways instead of at the top. Pretty hard to throw up without making a mess that way. Oh, and if you drink a lot of AMFs, your puke comes out an interesting shade of blue.So in conclusion: tons of nice boys; crowded; beautiful settings. And run to the bathroom instead of trying to yack in a trashcan. Oh and don't listen to your girlfriends because they're evil =)
2	This place is too crowded - and the line was really long on Saturday night. Luckily I was able to get through without waiting. Tried asking for bottle service, but was told something like the only bottle service left was for $1350 per bottle or something? Ended up just going in... there were some tables that I wouldn't have minded but there were alot where people were just bumping into people all over the place or had like 20 ppl standing around a table designed for 6. I'm not exaggerating either.The music at the main dance floor was pretty decent- good mix of everything. I love that song Shots by LMFAO... so I can't complain about hearing it 3x.Overall I guess this place is worth checking out if you plan on getting bottle service and if you want to just say that you've been here.
4	I like Tao but it's a bit over publicized and thus it gets really crowded.  Unless you reserve a table for $2,000, it's almost impossible to get a seat anywhere on weekends.  I liked the atmosphere and the crowd.  There were mix of tourist and club goers who know how to have fun.  I enjoyed watching different types of people having a good time.  I also like the decor and the atmosphere where the top floor and the laid back lounge and the downstairs nightclub was rocking.  I recommend it but go with group of friend and split the cost for a table.
5	Cracking! Everytime we hit up Vegas we always get bottle service at Tao Beach and it always turns out to be our best night in Vegas. XS and Tryst are nice to. So is outdoor bottle service at Pure but nothing compares to Tao. Can't wait to get back to Tao this summer!
5	We had a bachelor party at Tao and reserved one of the sky VIP tables that overlooked the lounge, main dance floor and those hot chicks in the bathtubs.  The club handled it perfectly, we were let in as soon as we got there and directed right up to our location.  They promptly brought up all the bottles we ordered and gave us an extra one due to the size of the group (16 guys).  The promoter, Henry was incredibly helpful and totally on top of his shit.  He was constantly checking to make sure all was okay, sending girls up to our spot and we had 2 waitresses in our booth at all times.  The service was top notch.The music was also excellent, all top 40 and hip hop redone with DJ mixes, it is a non-stop dance party the entire time.  It seemed the bottom dance floor gets a little crowded, but again we were up top watching till later in the night.  For guys, the quality of girls in here is out of control, hot chicks everywhere (paper chasers and escorts need to be sifted out).  Partied here till close and they moved us downstairs to a table next to the main dance floor and gave us free bottles for doing so.  All in all it was a great experience, if you are into the club scene and want to get bottle service, this is by far the best experience you will get.  If you go around to the bars without a table it can get very expensive and you may wait a while.  I would come here once a month and do the same thing if I could.  Blew away the same experience at Haze @ Aria.
3	We were with the man.It's awesome not having to wait in line.  Walked us right in...  Packed house, Good music, but way to crowded.  Music so loud that you have to yell if you want to talk to a someone.Called it a night.  Left around 430am and party was still raging on...
2	hahaha.  can someone call the fire marshal.it's packed.  packed liked sardines packed.i couldn't figure out how to make it from one end of the building to the next.i am relatively polite.  i understand that when they push n shove.  it's only love (ice cube - we be clubbin)but this was ridiculous.i had to have some girl (thank you miss.  whoever you are) grab me by the arm and bulldoze her way through the crowd for me.this place had the potential to be great.  but sadly.  no.in two words.  crowd control.for this review.  two stars.
4	Maybe this place isn't the newest hottest spot anymore but it still gets crackin'.  This was the first place I ever went clubbing in Vegas and it holds a special place in my heart.  When I go for a weekend in Vegas I always want one night at Tao, preferably the first night, to get myself in that "let's f*cking party!" state of mind.First thing you gotta be ok with in this place is that's it's gonna be really crowded, but if you're there for the right reasons you won't care.  The wait for a drink is not bad at all if you walk up to the bar, it's just moving around the place that gets difficult.  I think the crowded aspect might bother you but you just gotta get over it because that's all mental (real talk).  So get over that aspect, get your drink on, put your elbows out and get on the dance floor.If you don't dance, don't bother coming here because you will be miserable.Celebrities I have seen here:  Jerome Bettis, Seth McFarlane.
2	very nice, pretty club, women bathing in tubs in the entrance, other women chillin on couches touchin each other, nice buddha statues everywhere.other than that...whack and way overcrowded!fire hazards must not fade the owners of this club becuase when we were inside it just felt un-safe and packed beyond capacity. it was like one dark room after another of too many damn people. dance floor was crowded as hell to the point where all your dance moves consist of nothing but upper body movement. looks nice, but eh after a few minutes of trying to find somewhere to groove you get tired...find a better spacious club where you can dance with people and not shadows.
3	I've been clubbing at Tao a handful of times in the last several years but have never eaten here.  The first time I went here, years ago, I was blown away.  I'd never seen anything like it.  Hot women with nipple covers in rose-petal bathtubs!  Hot women in cages and beds rubbing each other!   The club decor is really nice and the music is good.  The place is huge with 3 rooms and you can go into Tao Beach too (maybe this is only in the warmer months though).  The typical top-40, hip hop, and 80s rock music.    But over the years, I've grown to loathe this place.  It's mostly an early-20s crowd and a lot of Asians.  It's crazy packed and the main dance floor is small.  I've had drinks accidentally spilled on me on several different occasions.  The door men are jerks.  They don't keep up the dress code.  I've seen chicks in capri jeans and flip flops in here.  Not the type of crowd I like to surround myself with.  The bars are so packed, it takes forever to get a drink.  And the bouncers will not hesitate to kick you out in a second if you act even slightly drunk.I don't go here unless I have to or am getting in for free and I highly recommend a table because it's so packed.  A table is the only way you'll have breathing space and a place to rest your aching feet.  But that's pretty much the way it is at most of the Vegas hot spots.  Just like Pure, go here if you've never been just to get the experience.
5	Was in Vegas for the weekend, and of course you've gotta go clubbing and experience the nightlife.  :D  With 15 other sorority girls, we decided to go to TAO on a Friday night.LIKES:  Barely any wait time in line (probably because we had a huge group of girls).  Open bar till 11 pm for women.  Bartender was SUPER NICE and let us get free drinks even if it was a little bit after 11 pm.  Atmosphere/music is nice.  Great dance floor.DISLIKES:  When you have a huge group of asian girls that just turned 21, everyone seems so much older.  =/  And, there's soo many flights of stairs to just get to the rooftop.  Plus, it's easy to lose people because the venue can get pretty crowded.This was my first 21+ club and was definitely a fun experience.  Highly recommended and would definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	tao is decent. one of the better clubs in vegas i would say but its too crowded and too asian for my liking. fortunately this time we went, we stayed at the venetian, so getting inside wasnt too bad, plus my friend knew the bouncher so no cover either! however once you get inside, its CROWDED. somehow we managed to get drinks.. but once you enter the dance floor it is ridiculous. i was getting pushed around by guys molesting girls on the dance floor. groosss i dont want their butts grinding up on me while they are grinding up on someone else. yuck. however we did get invited to a table which makes the experience 100x better. no more getting pushed around by tons of people or getting drinks spilled on b/c ppl are dumb enough to bring their drinks to the dance floor. oh, not to mention that you get free drinks at the table :) oh, the joys of being a girl. they have hot go-go dancers all around, which is pretty to look at and girls with flower pedals covering the essential areas in a bathtub. thats a plus. and their bathrooms are interesting. make sure you close and LOCK the door b/c they get frosted. if not, you'll be showing everything to the world below!
4	Wow, I can now see what all of the hype over Tao is about.Went here two nights ago and had a pretty good time. Our whole group got in for free (bwaha no expensive cover charges!) and all of the girls got free drinks. The drinks were good, the ambiance was nice, and the music was pretty good.My only complain was that it was incredibly crowded, but I guess they can't afford to be exclusive and place a cap on how many people are inside when hundreds of people are dying to get in. On an ending note I will just say in the least creepy way possible: "hee hee... rose petals.... " =) Pictures to follow in a couple days!
4	WOOO! i just came back from vegas today and boy was it fun!  Our friend got us a hook up here and we all got in for free!  The ladies also got open bar until 11PM.  Hooray for connections!Venue: it was nice.  they had different rooms and the main dance floor was huge.  There were buddha statues everywhere and had an 'asian' themed decor of course.  We went upstairs to Tao beach momentarily, but went back down because only the bars downstairs were giving out free drinks to wristband-ers.Music: they played a variety..mostly hip hop from what I recall and some oldies now and them..also some techno.Cons: -there was no where to sit!  and trust me, after wearing three inch heels, you will want to rest at some point.  So a bunch of us girls just took off our shoes and danced bare foot.  -When we first got in, they directed us to the very top of the venue, which meant climbing about 4 flights of stairs!  As I said earlier, the wristband only worked downstairs..so i thought that was pretty lame-TOOO CROWDED!! ahhhhhhh we could barely dance at the main floorAll in all: i had a great time and would def. come here again!
4	So I met up with my friends and it's soo good to have a connect to the clubs out here in vegas. I went the night when Jay z hosted but I got there at 2am and there was still a line when I got there. It's soo good to have a connect out here for the clubs and I got in for only $10 and cut the line. Yay! The atmosphere was nothing but good vibes and if you're a girl you'll get free drinks from any of the guys trust me!
3	So overrated. Too hyped up.Even with VIP Bottle Service we had to wait in line. The lines are so disorganized too and freaking way too close. The lines are a preview of what is inside.Sure the inside is pretty cool. The Tub Girls and Massage/Strung Out looking hotties are the reason why you get a 3. The hostess was not that chill and supposedly we got 6 bottles but it did not feel like it at all. Tell me why the Grey Goose was warm? Gross! The dance floor was crowded and the bouncers were way too pushy! In fact, one seriously pushed me. Excuse me sir, but when your walkways and dance floor are synonymous, you best not just be pushing on me. Not my favorite night at all. Oh but the bathrooms are tight. They go from clear to frosty when you lock the door. But what's the point of having sinks in each stall if you have to open the door with your wet hands to get a paper towel outside. Uhh, hello?
4	First time in Vegas and this was the first club we went to. We got hooked up to go straight in instead of  waiting in the long ass line. 3 stories of music/dance floors/ and bars! The DJ's were awesome and the whole place was pretty fun.
3	WHY ONLY 3 stars? -Was pretty excited to attend my first 21+ Las Vegas nightclub. The bf got us VIP passes online, but instead the security men directed us to 4 different lines. NOBODY knew wth they were doing! So after waiting in line, this one bald dude held a group of us "prisoners" in front of the entrance, behind the ropes. All in all, it was an hour wait.-After getting through the main entrance (which was freakn crowded that a girl fell and almost got her dress and hair caught on FIRE from the candles), we had to walk up 4 flight of stairs to the dance floor. WHY ARE THERE EVEN STAIRS? people can slip and fall! esp. drunk people!-the dance floor was ridiculously crowded! it was beyond packed! people were pushing, shoving, and talking smack to each other. I think you have to have muscles to push people aside if you want to get by. the floor was disgusting and sticky from all the spilled alcohol. I just couldn't enjoy it. There was seriously no personal space.I guess I just came on a bad night. Jay-Z was guest appearing, so maybe that's why the club was suffocating everyone. If you've paid online at vegas.com, prepare to wait in line at TAO. Apparently paying online is a new thing they're trying out, so the TAO employees don't know what to do when you show them your printed ticket. GIRLS- be careful with those heels! It's slippery there AND people step on your toes.If you like having 3+ asses bumping against your body on the dance floor (not knowing who or what gender), then TAO is the place for you! I think I'll try XS and see how that goes...
5	been here both times JAY-Z was hosting, two years in a row. purely coincidence and i'll review the most recent visit:arrived with the gang around 1030? free bottles because we were staying at planet hollywood + no open container laws in sin city = getting shmammered on the way to the venetian.NEVER have i seen crazier lines outside a nightclub...going down the corridor that runs all the way down the entire length of the venetian?TIP: **GET THERE EARLY, STAY AT THE VENETIAN, OR BE READY TO TIP THE BOUNCERS FAT TO GET IN*** fellas, meet up with a random group of girls, get atleast 1:1 and get the money out for the bouncers and you're good to go.met up with some randoms who were staying at the venetian, went with them through the hotel guest line and probably saved ourselves 2hours+++ waiting in line. used the voucher we copped off of the sketch-city promoters so it was 20 a head for the fellas. (of course free for the ladies)  i hate paying cover but 20 bucks was the same price as our jay-z tickets the wednesday before and he killed it.SCENE:inside was nuts, crazy crowded.. probably just because jay-z was hosting but who knows.. TAO is the infamous 'girls in bathtubs getting massages club', go-go dancers everywhere on stages, with poles, etc. ONLY girls are allowed in the elevated VIP table/stage located around the middle..  they played mostly HOUSE music, some TOP 40's, and a grip of JAY-Z cause he was hosting..(((so it sucks when some random hottie wants to work it and brings you up there but only she gets in because we have different reproductive organs! SMH..)))"just recieved word that jay-z has entered the building" was blasted by whoever was on the mic, followed by some throwback HOVA song. throughout the night. he finally arrived with young jeezy, and a gang of NBA players.. although he arrived late, i coincidentally was right next to his table and shook hands with HOVA.. i aint complaining!DRINKS:expensive. its vegas though, what do you expect? beers 10+, shots 12-14, amfs 16ish? shots are usually generous if you treat your bartender right.. mixed drinks aren't too worth it, IMO but at that point I was already dunzo! didn't get bottle service here because it was a last minute decision to even roll through but i suspect its worth it as long as you don't get one of the ghetto tables.VENUE:the TAO setup isn't too smart, IMO. downstairs the bathrooms are ridiculously crowded, theres plenty of mini stages for their go-go dancers equipped with sharp edges that every intoxicated person stumbles upon. so the following day all the ladies wonder where those bruises came from? the middle stage area isn't too big, it gets crowded, and people liter the hallways. there are several bars located throughout TAO which makes it easier to get a drink whenever, wherever.  TAO staff is constantly pushing through the crowd to get bottles/mixers to a certain table and I know its frustrating, but pretending your a running-back and mobbing through the crowd won't solve anything.TAO BEACH is upstairs, but you have to climb a staircase from section to section which is a buzz kill and is a drag when you're trying to get the mack on. upstairs is the pool area/lounge which is perfect after getting your swerve on downstairs. climate controlled heaters, plush sofas, another bar, a DJ, and security all packed into one. perfect place to gather yourself, return missed calls, texts, and bbms, or check the facebook hahaha.  I assume they have the same policy as XS, fall in and get wet = kicked out asap.CROWD:its las vegas people.. the girls are GRADE A certified silicon-injected, botox laced, scantily-clad females. and fine! BEAUTIFUL waitresses, a decent mixed crowd of all peoples although mostly asians which is a plus for me.TAO is by far one of the best clubs in the world. although it seems as if each newer club is established to out-do the previous champion/title holder, give TAO a visit, because it DEFINITELY still has some fight left in it!
5	the night club is awesome.. tons of different rooms and dance floors.. also a rooftop type patio with heat lamps.. great music and crowdlove the bathtubs full of rose petals.. sometimes they have models 'taking a bath'.. eye candy galore!
2	If you've read my past reviews of Vegas clubs, you'll see that I'm not a big fan of clubbing in Sin City.. But I really wanted to give this one a chance.. I've literally tried 3 different times to go here but circumstances have stopped me in the past.. This time around, our group got a clear pathway into the elusive nightclub and it was.. well, it was ridiculously packed.. Ugh, I'd rather just pick up my 190 Octane and roam the strip like an ass.. Sure beats the hell out of watered down drinks and long lines!
3	ehhhh, its just okay here.  I think they are trying a little too hard to make everything spectacular.  We went here on a Friday night, and the line was SUPER long. It wrapped around the whole upstairs in front of Tao.  We decided to do bottle service, which was a pretty good deal. It got us to the front of the line, our own bottle, and a nice place to sit.The dance floors were crowded, but mostly with people standing around. It was kind of weird to dance next to a bunch of people who were just standing and talking to each other.  The music was alright.  The ambiance was just okay.  Putting half naked girls on top of each other does not make the scene any nicer.  It was kind of awkward, actually. However, the bouncers were pretty cool.  Not only were they nice, but they were always willing to watch our table when we wanted to go upstairs.  The hostesses were also helpful.  Cool place to visit once, not sure if I would come back here.  btw, I was told there was a line for hotel guests, but when I got there.. i found no such thing.
4	It's no secret that I enjoy  food, and a great night out. Tao is the place where I can get both, but please take note that I didn't say "good food"...but I also didn't say "bad food". I just said food.I had a buddy in town for a bachelor party. When I met up with the crew, I was a bit hesitant about having dinner here, but realized that it would be my easiest way into the club. (I've been to the club a few times before this).Dinner was dinner. I had the duck fried rice which was tasty, but being the food nazi, I realized that the rice wasn't of the highest quality. Kind of a shame when you consider the prices. I also noshed on some of the other items that were on the table such as the tender steak, which was also tasty.Before we got our check, a club person came around and stamped our hands. Then we had to go back down to the entrance, and get our hand stamped again before we could actually go into the club.Once there, it's your usual club shenanigans. Models in scantily clad gear that pet eachother while sitting on couches. $14-$18 cocktails. There are two dance areas, the smaller is the "hip hop" room and in my past visits, this was the only place to hang because there as breathing room....not this time around. This time, we ahd more room in the main area. It's easy to socialize and meet people here. Be careful, because if you meet someone, you might find yourself alone and detached from the rest of your group. This place really is that busy.When I was at the bar near the entrance, I saw a "coolio"-looking individual. Low and behold, later in the night, when Fantastic Voyage came on, Coolio indeed took the spotlight and threw down one of his two hits. He of course, followed up with Gangsta's Paradise.You never know who will show up here. I've seen Jay-Z and Rihanna here before. This is your place for a good time. Make it happen!
3	I'm not a fan of Tao anymore.The first time I went to Vegas after turning 21, it was definitely fun. Especially since it was my first Vegas club and we ended up getting bottle service and somehow we ended up getting bottles of Cristal. It was your typical Vegas experience. (Oh and I don't know WHY we got Cristal. When you're drunk, $10 champagne and $150 champagne tastes exactly the same.)But besides that fun first time experience, there's nothing special about this club. It's hard to dance anywhere or try to walk around looking for your friends. If you want to go upstairs to Tao Beach, you have to stand in a line and then walk up 20000000 flights of stairs. (If you thought the stairs at Tryst was bad, this is W O R S E). If you've never gone to Tao, check it out once just to say you've gone but there really isn't a point of returning here. There's better clubs/lounges/bars to check out.
4	TAO nightclub is probably one of the most crowded nightclubs in Vegas I've ever been to. You are literally in someone's shoulder, face and/or other body part at all times. There is no room anywhere and there is a line to get anywhere as well.I was standing in line to get outside to look for a friend (outside of the dance area into the stairs area) and some person smoking a cigarette burned it into my leg while we stood waiting for both lines to move forward or backwards. Ouch!Nevertheless, TAO is great time in Vegas because it's one of the first exclusive night clubs you can actually get into. Yes you have to pay sometimes but at least they won't turn you away like "Haze" ... and they have naked girls in bathtubs covered in rose pedals as well as fun decor and displays of more girls on the dance floor. There's a small balcony outdoor area where most people smoke and catch a gorgeous view of the Strip and all the security guards are more or less pretty nice. TAO Beach is especially pleasant in the summer when it's warmer outdoors as there is a pool area (which no one seems to use ...) and a nice bar and is far less crowded than it is downstairs.
4	Oh my goodness TAO. So I bought tickets from a street vendor but later on my boyfriend found some sitting randomly at a table so we picked them up (they don't have an expiration date so you can re-use them). We called the number on the back and were put on the guest list and that Friday night was open bar from 10-11 for ladies on VIP (which they placed me on for free). We got there at 9:30 and the Venetian quickly filled up within 20 minutes, the line wrapped around the room. Be sure to go early! My boyfriend and I were first in the VIP line and it still took 15 minutes to get in, so I don't know how long it took for people who were at the end of the line. The lines can be disorganized.  After getting in I immediately begin getting drinks. By 11, I ordered a total of 6 drinks and they were all free! The music was crackin, the crowd was obviously was in the same partying mood as I was and the bartenders were attentive even though it was packed! The line for the bathroom wasn't bad and the designs were super cute. I had so much fun! I had the DJ give me a birthday shout out and all the girls were dancing on the platforms.  What I loved most was going out to the balcony and looking at the view, it's BEAUTIFUL. I had a wonderful experience here and didn't have to spend that much because of open bar!
5	There is no other club out there that I've been to that is similar to TAO. Tao provide the best services even if you are not VIP and the club is crazy. If you can get in, you will not regret it so make sure you get your hotel concierge to put you on the guest list because you do not want to miss it especially the view.
4	Tao is definitely Satan's decadently decorated playground,  where daily he invites his scantily clad concubines and muscle-bound pawns to indulge in gluttony, debauchery and lust. I quickly signed up for that deal!After leaving the Pearl, a group of us made our way over to Tao and were hustled past the ridiculously long line, past the naked lady in the tub and into a private dining room in the back. It took all the savoir faire and coolness I could muster to not let my mouth fall open in disbelief and then whip out my Cybershot when I saw who we were dining with. Our small party sipped on Ace of Spades (Armand de Brignac) champagne and nibbled on chicken satay, shrimp skewers , sushi, dumplings,  spring rolls and other delicious treats before heading over to the nightclub to really get down.This gigantic mega-club was packed to capacity (according to the DJ, 7000 strong), a first for the club and apparently any club in LV. We were set up at a table and waitresses, whose attire can only be described as "bordello chic",  brought over more Ace of Spades plus Belvy--let the bottle poppin' begin.We partied hearty until we just couldn't take it anymore. We drunkenly staggered (I was hobbling in the 4.5 inchers as well) out of the Tao past the throngs of people, into a black van and into the balmy Las Vegas night. Holla.
4	I would say MOST of the time I've been to Tao, I've had a good time. However, I would say this is one of the places in Vegas that if you get bottle service, you will definitely have a better time. Why? Cuz this place gets crazy packed. A table is definitely a commodity that most females enjoy and would sit at your table. The great thing is that you can tell your waiter/waitress for the night to shoo away people from your table if you don't want them there.One of the things that is good/bad about this place is they pretty much enforce ratio. Even if you're a hotel guest. Means there are plenty of females, but hard for guys to get in (unless they get bottle service). There are times I've slipped through, but most of the time, I've had to find some females to help me out.1st floor is a bit dark and can be crowded. I usually don't stay in this area long and head upstairs. 2nd floor is always packed to the gills. I don't know how people dance on the main dance floor. The little room to the side is a BIT better, but not by much. Honestly, if you don't like super crowded dance floors, probably not the place to be.3rd floor is the beach area. A lot roomier, a lot of females usually up here and it's nice in the summer. Nicely lit and you can see Encore and a few other hotels from the rooftop.
5	Tao remains to be my favorite club in Vegas. And I've been to almost all of them. I love Tao's slogan: "Spiritual dining, religious nightlife." Let me start with the atmosphere: Immediately when you walk in, you will see bathtubs lined with flower pedals and candles. Once you walk in and go upstairs to the main part of the club, you will find Buddha statues everywhere (hence the "religious" nightlife). But the best part about Tao is the girls scantily clad in nothing but flower pedals dancing around in the bathtubs. Where else do you find something like that??? They also have two girls in the main hallway upstairs who's only job is to lay there and massage each other. If you like looking at pretty girls, this is definitely the place to be. Besides the atmosphere here, the music is always good, which is key. If you want to get away from the crowded main dance floor, go into the side room (which is normally where I spend most of my time). There you will find a DJ who spins mostly hip hop (and even throws in some old school stuff while still keeping it classy). My favorite part of the night on my most recent visit was when they got the whole crowd pumped by playing "I'm in Las Vegas bitch!" I have heard this at other clubs in  Vegas before, but when they followed it with "shots," I think everyone in the club sang along :)I always make Tao my number 1 priority when hitting Vegas. I highly recommend Thursday nights there - it's their industry night, which means you get more locals than tourists, and it's less crowded than on a Friday or Saturday. Also, if you eat at the restaurant beforehand, ask your waiter for a stamp and that will get both males & females in for free and no waiting in line. Absolutely unbeatable. If you don't eat here, you can pick up passes from one of the promoters around, but those will only get the ladies in for free. You can also try to get yourself put on the guest list, which will save you from having to wait in line.Tao maintains a very good girl to guy ratio - If you are a girl or with a group of girls, you will have absolutely no problem getting right in. If you are a large group of guys - good luck. Your best bet would be getting a table, but that can get pricey. As always, make sure you are dressed appropriately - the better you look, the easier it will be to get in. I have always visited Vegas in the winter months, so I have always missed out on Tao beach on the third floor, but I hear it's pretty rockin!Tao is also popular with the celebrities, so don't be surprised if you see your favorite big name star sitting at the table next to you! Tao gets 5-stars in my book any day!
5	I was debating wheter or not to give this place a 4 or 5 Star. But then I recall the SERVICE. The downstairs club is probably 4 stars, GREAT Decor, big dancing area, hot girls posing for no apparent reason, bathtubs with rose petals, very cool decor. The place was smaller than I expected and the dance floor was somewhat oddly shaped.The upstairs Tao Beach area was ok, It didn't really seem like it was created to be a beach club. The pool was not that attractive & the hot tub area was far from the action, and the floor was PACKED with tables. There was very little space to walk around, dance, and socialize without stepping on someone. The worst was the bathroom thats located a good 5 min walk from the main area. 3 stars for the Tao Beach section. So as you read this, and hopefully, you are asking yourself how 3 + 4 Stars gets you 5 stars. The Table Service was AMAZING!!! In bullet point format:- 10-15mins from arriving to getting seated (Meets Expectations)- I complained about table location & they moved us RIGHT away & provided several options (Above Average, sadly not everyone does this)- Kylie our Server was AMAZING!!! I've done bottle service dozens of times in many countries and she was literally the most attentive & friendly server I've ever met. Most places, bring your bottle and only check up on you when that bottle is done (so they can sell you more) or its time to pay the bill. Kylie engaged in conversation with the party, think of it as the Bartender who talks sports, or the waiter who teaches you about the food, or the barber who asks about your kids. You appreciate those people much more, and this is the first time I've seen this at a nightclub. Good job Kylie & Tao Nightclub!
2	Several reasons why I won't come back to this place:-Extremely overpacked nightclub -The bouncer was being a jerk-Lots of skeevy people-Too much techno music-Bartender refused to give us a cup of water with ice but instead made us pay $6 for a small bottle of Fiji water.
2	HUGE.  CROWDED.  drunk girls peeing behind clear glass doors (they forget to flip the privacy switch).  This place is impressive, but try tryst, or guess XS, for something better.  I will say we got in for free by claiming to know somebody, didn't have to wait in line.  Bouncers here like to yell at people though.
4	Alright Tao, you've redeemed yourself in my book! Unlike some other wannabe hotspots in Vegas (rhymes with Insanity), Tao gets it and treats the ladies right!My girls and I bypassed the line and were led to a VIP table without any attitude. We also got hooked up with open bar for an hour. The bartenders were friendly and so were the rest of the staff.We had a plush area to lounge in and a platform behind us to dance on top of. The dance floor filled up quick, so it was nice to have our own area to shake our booties. Music was 90's hip hop early on in the night, so we had a fun time before we left for XS.Thanks for the awesome VIP treatment, guys!!
2	Tao just wasn't as big of a deal as everyone makes it out to be.  Granted, the decor inside is beautiful, they have performers all over the place, and there are multiple floors which give you room to move if you want something a little different but.. and there are a lot of buts..It gets crowded, super crowded.  The only way you can sit somewhere is to buy a bottle to give you and your friends a sectioned off area in the bar.  Therefore, if you are the average person who can't afford a $500+ bottle of liquor, you stand the whole time.  The lines to get in are ridiculous.  We were recommended to a promoter who got us on the "guest list" and were told we would get a bracelet for free drinks.  We were excited at all of this until reality hit.  There were 10 lines outside of the club and no one seemed to be able to tell us where to go.  After walking in circles for 20 minutes, we finally found the right place.  The air and attitude of the bouncers was "you should feel privileged to be getting into this bar." The so-called open bar was an hour of well drinks only. Good deal if you are a well drinker.. however I like beer, so it was useless for me.  I had a good time dancing, but I'd never go back.
3	Negatives-The restaurant portion is too loud, don't expect to talk to your fellow diners-The food isn't all that spectacular-The music in the club is crap, the DJ's in all the rooms must have ADD because they won't let a song play for longer than 1 minutePOSITIVES-No cover or waiting in line if you have dinner at the Bistro before hand-Super nice wait staff and bouncers-Beautiful decor-Lots of room and even when it got super crowded I didn't feel suffocatedNot great but not terrible either.
2	I don't know what the hype is about this club. The one thing I did like about the club which is missing at all the other clubs I've been to is the lounge area with couches. So, the upside to having access to this - without being VIP is you could rest your feet if they are hurting.I hated the music on the dance floor and the music in the lounge area was even worse. My girls and I had to pay a fee to get in even though we had invites/flyers to get in - how about the promoter disclose this information without us wasting our time going there and being bored to death? The guy taking our money wasn't even that nice and he acted like he was doing us a favor by charging one of the gals with us $20 instead of $30 b/c she didn't have a flyer. Didn't enjoy the place and would never go back.
4	pretty extensively large club.  Many rooms, but all with the same music bar the one main room which is why they only get 4 stars.  I like the decorations, and the ambiance in the hallways ;)  Good music though, with a very large capacity.Table service is worth it!
2	I do not like it here. PERIOD.Just kidding. Not just that.. I don't like the crowd here..Yeah yeah yeah.. its all the same; chyeah right! It's not. People here are a lot older downstairs. Upstairs, you get really weird looking people.I hate that bubble machine that throw's recycled old water bubble foam at you.. no no no!
4	Ive been here twice and both times had a great time. A lot of peole have compain about this place for been to crowded, which is true, but every club that I have been to in Vegas has always been crowded. Overall the music is good dance floors are big. The drinks are priced like every other Vegas nightclub. WIde diversity of people, the decor is nice...the girls in the tubs, cages and the ones getting a massage in the hallways add a different touch. If you go during summer make sure to check out TAO Beach, which is right above the main dance floor on the rooftop of the Venetian. Would I go back to TAO?....Yes!
4	This time...I relished in VIP treatment.  Table and free drinks=SCORE.Shout out to the cute Latin bouncer who had me going GA GA over a man in a suit.  I could of stood in line just to have him catch me not paying attention to his speech about where to sit and where to go. Call me, PAPI CHULO! I definitely love the TAO staff more than any other club staff. They rock and the bouncers managing the line are HOT.
5	the absolute best asian bistro i've ever been to. the food was amazing and the environment was awsome. beyond exceptional food and service. next time im in vegas i will definetly come back.
4	I'm no Vegas connoisseur (yet!) but I really liked Tao!  Sexy theme, decorations, girls in tubs of rose petals...We got on a promoter's guest list earlier in the day, and she told us to get there before 11 for open bar.  If I remember correctly we got there at about 10:15 and there was already a huge line... we made it in no problem with plenty of time to hit the bar.  And hit it we did - nothin' like double fisting and pounding free drinks to get the buzz rolling. Three months later and I'm still mesmerized by those BATHROOMS.  Seriously.  The doors are glass but then fog up so you can't see through them when you lock it.  When I win the lotto I'm totally getting some of those for my house, just because they're cool. Dance floor did get really crowded, but that was to be expected.  After a couple of hours we left to continue our club-hopping circuit, but I totally could have stayed longer and danced!  I definitely want to check out the beach area if I go back in the summer months.
3	This place was pretty cool.- Crowded! Could barely get around!- Drinks were expensive. + They had 3 floors, which was pretty cool!+ Music was pretty good. + There was no cover for girls! (Because we got a flyer, and got in for free!)I would go back there again, I just wish it wasn't as crowded! It's so cramped in there, you can barely get around without brushing up against someone. The atmosphere was pretty nice too! The cover for guys was $25 last time I went there!
3	TAO was pretty cool.We got there early on someone's guest list. Can't say I remember who. One of the girls in my party bent over to talk to the one of the girls in the rose petal baths. She didn't know she wasn't supposed to talk to her. Got accosted by security. Left bruises on her arm. Not appreciated at all. There goes one star.We went all the way up to TAO Beach. Hung up there for a while. Then we split up. Half stayed up there and half went downstairs. We got bottle service downstairs and had a ton of fun up there.Upstairs didn't go so well though. Unfortunately. The girls were dancing, and some girl squeezed past them to get to the bar. She called security because the girls were grinding up on her. Bartender saved the day. But if there's people like that there, who wants to party there? There goes another star.It was an alright night. Can't say I'd go back.
4	If you're rolling with a bunch of cocks for a bachelor party or a birthday and don't want to pay over $100 a head for bottle service in order to get in then purchase these weekend wrist bands good for getting into both Tao and Lavo for a little under $37 a head with all the taxes and service fees from Vegas.comhttp://shop.vegas.com/clubs/calendar.jsp?club=44We were a little skeptical doing this, but we showed up to the club around 1AM on a Thursday night and there was a long ass general admission line and bottle service line and went up to a dude in a suit and asked him where the wrist band line was and he guided all 11 of us dudes with no girls past a velvet rope and we got to cut in front of a bottle service group full of girls straight to the cash register and the cash register chick gave us all our wrist bands with ease and bouncer dude stamped all our wrists, so we were good to go for Tao and Lavo for the whole weekend.  We all felt like VIPs cause everyone was looking at us like WHO THE HELL are those guys cutting in line with no vagina with them.  Plus the bouncers at Tao do some major line controlling, so if you're trying to get in general admission or on the guest list, you better be with an equal ratio or more girls if you all expect to get in with no problemos.But yeah, if you're rolling hella dudes deep with not deep pockets, then purchase those wrist bands.  They work.  And if you're with someone who didn't buy a wrist band, just have them go in behind with you and they'll just have to pay whatever cover is for the night, but then they won't be able to get in again on Friday or Saturday night if you guys try to get into Tao or Lavo again since he won't have a wrist band.But yeah, club is pretty poppin.  Really packed and hard to move around.  The bouncers do a good job with keeping dudes out of roped off bottle service areas, so if you throwing down for bottle service, you probably won't have to worry about random dudes walking through your area.  And from what I've heard, it's best to get bottle service here for the best time, since the bouncers let all the hot girls into your bottle service area if you ask them to hook your crew up.XS on a Friday or Saturday night still shits all over Tao though.  Sorry to the ladies in the rose petal filled bath tubs.  I still got love for you all though.
4	Still super crowded, BUT Ladies drink free until 11PM! Cool! More money in the bank for this chick right here. Got in at 10:40PM and in 20 minutes managed to score 3 cran-vodkas and a gin and tonic. SCORE!This past weekend I met and hung out wtih 3 different groups of Canadian girls who were all super nice and one group of girls even bought me a shot! Thanks gals!All in all, a grand ol time at Tao. I guess if you're super good you won't mind the mass of people they squeeze in here. Some of the bartenders are still dicks.
5	went for my first time for my 21st birthday : )it was the BEST time i had in VEGASparis hilton was having her birthday there so it was EXTREMELY packed. the crowd was MIXED and diverse which is a plusthe DRINKS were good but pricy, but hey its VEGAS!the music was on point, DJ and DRUMMER were amazing played all  types of music from current hiphop to oldschool to rock.the DECOR was beautiful. naked girls bathing in tubs, girls massaging each other in lingerie, this is a man's perfect dream! (too bad i'm a female tho lol) it was still interesting and entertaining to watch. OVERALL had an amazing time here with friends : )
1	The worst experience I've had with any business.  I understand that they try to keep the female to male ratio satisfied...but last time I checked, that was sexual discrimination....5 women...no problem....5 men...better brobe the bouncers and then find 5 women to take in.  DO NO PATRONIZE THIS PLACE!
4	Great club...waited in line but got vip status...great to have a friend over there...she got us all in plus i got 2 drink passes...and all the ladies got a fat hook up! this place is great the people are great too..everyone should try this at lease once...When i think of tao i think of a bunch of asian people but i was wrong it was a mix crowd!you gots to try this out! it was all worth the vip hahaha preload before you go and get there early
3	I was there the same night as some event w/ Holly Madison, so I think it was extra busy. I didn't have to wait in line though, had pre-purchased my tickets, but the line was wrapped around the place. I'm glad I didn't have to wait because I stayed all of 30 mins... this place would not be worth waiting an hour to get into. It's way too packed, even for its size. You can't get anywhere! And certain rooms are louder than others... which is cool... I guess?It's a nice club, nice layout and design, but if you're with a big group you could def. get lost in here. Music was mish-mash... wasn't really a fan.My biggest gripe, and this is with all clubs in vegas, is what's with the people smoking inside?! I guess I'm from Cali where we don't smoke inside ANYWHERE, but I just can't get my dance on next to someone and their cigarette butt!
5	I have very little bad to say about Tao, despite it being a bit older on the Vegas club food chain. A short wait in line (you've gotta get there early and try in any way possible to get on a list), and probably thanks to our party of 5 girls and 4 guys, we were in free on a Saturday night. A first for me, so that was starting off the night right.The decor of the club is great...I love the recent trend of huge megaclubs with tons of different rooms and areas. The Tao Beach area was a bit strange, because of the TVs showing the Nuggets/Jazz playoff game above the bar (just felt out of place I guess), but the bartenders were GREAT out there. Keep in mind, it's a Vegas club...but at least you get what you pay for here. Sure, a shot of Patron is $8 or $9, but when it's 1.75 shots worth, I'll take it (both literally and figuratively).The DJs were great. All the areas were fantastic, and I had a blast. Only downside is the wait times for a drink, but you can't really complain about that in Vegas, right? I'd go back in a second...had a great time.
4	This was by far the best club of the night. Maybe I should blame this review on the alcohol, but for whatever reason I really enjoyed myself here, or at least from what I remember...The seperated floors and different dance rooms made for interesting ventures as we made our way through each room. Wasn't really feelin the DJ at Tao beach, the choice in music was questionable, so we stayed inside and out of the beach area...I also didn't really like how we had to walk what seemed like a mile to get to the restrooms...especially in heels...definitely not the business! I'd be down to check this club out again, maybe even soberly & when it's less crowded....teehee
4	This club was one of my favorite Vegas experiences. Passing by Tao earlier in the day on Saturday, I asked the hostess about the club and guest list, and she put us on and gave us passes to Tao and Lavo just in case. Later on I got a text from a promoter who explained the details, dress code for guys, etc... pretty cool and organized. We got there around 9:50, and the crowd was already forming; however, the guest list line moved really quickly, and both girls and guys got in for free! And the girls had open bar before 11! Open bar= major happiness. I've never even made it out of my house to get to a club before 11, so I think an important aspect of the good time here was the fact that we were here so early.  Plus, it was not as crowded in the early hours.As the time went on, the place got super-crowded. The good thing is, though, that there were a couple of different rooms, albeit moving from one to one took some effort. The Tao beach area upstairs also had a dance floor and some spaces to sit. And it was really pretty. The overall decor of the club is very cute and sexy. The dance floors seem to not accomodate the amount of people in the place, though, and the DJ was hit-or-miss-- one moment the was music was great, another moment we wondered what he was thinking. Overall, though, it's a great place to party!
2	i wanted to like tao because we had heard so many good things about it...its exclusivity, its decor, just its overall reputation....but we were honestly pretty disappointed. thankfully, we got passes to cut the line because when we got there around midnight, the line was ridiculously long...we got in quickly and headed upstairs to the 2nd floor because it seemed like the first floor was pretty quiet. we really liked the decor alot and headed for the dance floor but it was SO crowded. over crowded. we danced for a while, but were getting pushed and shoved so much that we decided to head to the bar and make our own dance party! that worked for a little while, but then we were getting hassled by some swedes (one of which attempted to mouth kiss me after knowing me for about 2.5 seconds....not cool). that was our signal to leave...free drinks were not worth being accosted...if tao were a little less crowded i think that my review would have been MUCH more positive.
5	Love this place! Or atleast what i remember of it!+1 Got in for free+1 Didnt wait in the long ass line. The bouncers pull me and friends out of the crowd and just let us walk in+1 ladies got free well drink from 11-midnight+1 super nice and spacious. Alot of room for dancing+1 Great music and great people+1 Fast and super nice bartenders and bouncersI love this place! I would definitely come back!
2	After dining at the restaurant we rolled back into the club (which weirdly you have to leave, re-pay, and come back in). The place was packed beyond the point of sensibility. A crowded club can be fun, but they stuff people in here like sardines. As a result there was really no place to dance comfortably, meeting people is near impossible, and the highlight was leaving. XS and Tryst in Encore and the Wynn are both prettier clubs and easier to navigate, I'd skip this one.
5	This night club is as good as it gets. I haven't found a better club in Vegas than this place espectially when you to upstair to Tao Beach. The scenery is breathtaking and the staff are very friendly. I could have stay there forever and all of us got in for free. I don't know how, but it was great. You have got to go check this place out. It is an experience to remember.
2	I really wanted to like TAO but it was WAAAYYYYYYY too crowded to dance. We left after 15 minutes....
3	Tao (ming) club. This club has been opened for awhile. What i can tell you is that, if you have asian fever and looking for a tad more asians at a club this is the place for you. It does have a mxture of people but more asians. For the guys at the club make sure you get to this club really early if you don't have bottle service or you can expect the bouncers to make you pay alot more than your supposed to. But if you get bottle service then they'll treat you like your somebody. I've gotten bottle service at tao twice and both times they treat you like your special because you get what you pay for. Entrance is easy with bottle service and you can come at anytime. They also have really hot girls working at your tables making sure you have a good time. Anyways during the summer TAO opens the upstairs which makes the club better. The lower level of this club is really crowded, if your trying to walk around looking to dance well you can expect to be shoulder to shoulder with someone, and if you want to walk trhough the crowd well be agressive or you won't be able to move. I  enjoy the smoking area at TAO because it has a nice view and people are pretty nice outside. One thing TAO still has that other vegas clubs doesn't have is the beautiful women in the bathtubs with barely anything on. It is a very lovely scene both for guy and girls to see. The girls in the tub also act really sexy so beware, you will get turned on. The upstairs of TAO, the tao beach area is more roomy-er and you can breath much better. There is a dance floor upstairs too but it isn't that large. I like TAO because you can always count on having a good time here, but if you have been to tao already keep on trying to explore the new clubs around Vegas.
4	The Tao in Vegas is just as nice as the one in NYC. The huge Buddha, decor, space, and ambiance make this place a great one to dine in. Oh and thanks to my fellow Yelpers to whom I was able to verify what my girlfriend told me about if you have dinner here, you'll get in free to the club after wards. 9 of my friends and I had dinner here at 6:15 PM on a Thursday night (A week of so before our Vegas trip, I had been going back and forth with the reservation manager Maria, who was very easy to deal with.) Service was excellent! Drinks were being refilled and plates cleared left and right, without us feeling rushed. I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai ($19) which was good but spicy. My boyfriend had the Kobe Beef ($88) which was just delicious! And just like at the NYC Tao, at the end of our meal, we were served chocolate flavored (I think?) fortune cookies with fun & naughty fortunes! To make sure you get into the club free later that night, ask your waitress for a "LINE PASS" stamp. This will allow you to both skip the long line, as well as get in for free (for both guys and girls). DEF worth it to have dinner here for both the great food, nice ambiance, and guaranteed comped admission to the club! As for the club, it's big! At first my friends and I hung around the second floor (when we arrived at 11:30 PM dinner was still being served on the main floor so there wasn't music playing) but it was PACKED here; took forever to get a drink at the bar too! On this floor there are go-go dancers on mini stages, as well as beautiful ladies in nothing but rose petals in bathtubs. There are also a couple of women massaging each other. You'll be sure to find all the guys staring here. lol After a while, we headed up to Tao Beach which was also decorately nicely. We liked it there better since it wasn't as packed and since it was outdoors it wasn't as hot! When we were leaving, I discovered that they even played music on the first floor (more Hip-hop) which I enjoyed more than the other 2 floors (which were playing more Pop, House, Top 40)! Overall an awesome club with a couple floors to choose from, each with different DJs!
4	This place is HOT! I mean yeah...the lines are ridiculous, but I'm not going to complain if the cover for girls is the amazing price of FREE. I think the one thing that won me over were the bathrooms on the top floor. They are the cool cool frosty bathroom doors! Unlocked, they are clear glass...locked, they frost up so that no one can see you do your business.The gogo dancers are AMAZING as well...the music is top 40 stuff (which I LOVE). Almost every song you'd hear me scream "OMG this is MY JAMMMM!" Awesome club.
1	While in Vegas for my Bachelorette party this weekend, we worked with a couple really amazing promoters, who basically got us onto just about any list we wanted to be in while in Vegas.  Tao was supposed to be a hot one, so we decided to check it out.So maybe it was our own fault for rolling out to the clubs later then suggested, but I kid you not when I say that this line was 500 people deep.  The reason for their lack of stars is not that there were so many people (although imagining all of them inside made would make for one cramped space), but there was no organization what so ever to the lines and no one really wanted to clear that up for us.  There was a line out in the main lobby, there was a line on the terrace.  We were on the guest list and there was a separate guest list line, but all the lines kept crossing and all the bouncers were just hanging out chatting and not helping anyone.We bounced and were in another club with about a 2 minute wait.  I remember Tao in it's hey day being pretty hot, and maybe the line is that long for a reason.  But, get your s*it together and figure out how to manage your lines.
4	Not that this place needs another review...We've have bottle service the last two times I've been here and I'm now to the point where I'm not that interested in going without it.  Skip the lines, skip waiting for drinks, skip waiting to go to the bathroom, it's so much easier!Yes it gets crowded but I've never been overwhelmed.  The staff are very attentive and I appreciate that.  The go go girls are smokin hot, of course that's always nice!Thanks for the fun times Tao, we'll be back!
4	Crakiin'The fellas and I thought we would be S.O.L in Vegas because we had no females with us and obviously you can't get in anywhere (granted your not famous) with out some T&A. So, the game plan was to recruit some players out of the line. . While strolling up to escalators to go wait in what seemed to be a never ending line (at 9:45, before the club opened) a pleasant young lady approached us and gave us some sort of promotional flyer. We presented the flyer to Bouncer A, who directed us to a different line. We thought we were being funneled out, but to our surprise we bypassed the wait and paid reduced admission. Make sure to try and get these passes; the lady was standing at the escalator handing them out to random groups.Needless to say, this kicked the night off in good fashion. From here we went into TAO, which has many different levels including the top (my favorite) with a pool! Swag surfin in Vegas, youdig.
4	Ad a night club this place gets a solid 4 stars, great music, different dancing floors, crazy ass people and nudity all over. I love this place certainly coming back unlike the restaurant part of it.
4	As said on my review for TAO Beach (http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?q=tao+beach&userid=mjOKUSdIqxFPSYMB-MmS9g)  this is one of the places to see and be seen.  I think this is like a "status" thing in Vegas.  People make lines for an hour or sometimes longer to get in.  Luckily we were on the list so 20 minutes was all we had to wait.  Once inside I understood why they wait...  it's rooms with different music and filled with beautiful/ sexy people.  On top of that you have girls in bathtubs, dancing as part of the club's "decor".  They even open the pool area, for an outside "room" - more music, more dancing!As you can imagine, by the description of many people waiting in line, this place gets crowded (minus 1 star for that), but  you still have a great time dancing, meeting new people, etc...  Staff is friendly and also good looking.  Ladies drink free until 11pm.  Can't wait to go back!
2	If Douchebaggery were a religion, then the Tao bouncers would be its Pope.  I don't know if these pencil neck twerps were picked on as kids or molested by their parents; whatever it is, these lonely and insecure douchebags strive really hard to fit in and are desperate for acceptance.  Now I know that these claims sound harsh, but it's the truth, I was just there last Friday.  Here's how it went down.  My friends and I are standing in line waiting to get in and as we approach the front of the line, one of the many Jersey Shore flunky bouncers at Tao stamps our hands.  As soon as we get our hands stamped, we skip paying the cover charge and then go to another entrance on the inside of the Venetian.  This entrance is being guarded by yet another good for nothing, image driven bouncer that will never amount to anything outside of Tao.  We simply give him a head nod and tell him how cool he is and stroll right past him and into the club.  The lesson of this story is DON'T EVER PAY THE COVER CHARGE!  The bouncers here have no integrity, no sense on how to run a business or self esteem, so just let them know how cool they are and you're in.I guess that I should be happy that I just strolled in so easily, but I've been a bartender for nearly 10 years, and I see the hard work and confidence in the bouncers at my clubs and quite frankly, it's disgusting to see the bouncers at Tao.  They are more concerned about propping up their self esteem then creating a safe and welcoming environment for the patrons. Beyond the bouncers, Tao is a big and fun club.  Then again, it's Vegas, all the clubs are big and fun...
2	I have been here 3 times within the past year and a half and with each visit my experience has gone downhill. On my first trip to Vegas after turning 21, I had one of the best nights @ Tao. It was during the week of the CES convention in early January so the place was filled with middle aged men from all over the world. We came early so there was plenty of space to dance, the music was good (mostly top 40's and some house) but soon enough the place become a extremely packed turned into a hot holy mess. Second time around, six months late in the summer, 3 of the girls with me were stopped by the bouncers after another gf and I already made it pass the entrance. The bouncers were questioning the authenticity of the driver's license used by one of the girls. She was indeed 21, but never updated her license picture. When one of the other girls demanded to talk to the person in charge she was thrown out by some short/pock-marked/unattractive asian dude who was obviously on so power trip. In the end, the guy asked for a second opinion on the ID from another bouncer and we were ALL let in. Sadly, all that hassle was not worth what was going on inside. It was so packed that groups of girls had to form long trains by holding onto each other so no one would be lost in the mass. The music wasn't all that great. Some girls got really dramatic and angry when you bumped into them, but what the hell beezy, take a look around and everyone else is getting pushed and shoved. As for the last visit this past January, it took a lot of convincing to return to this place and give it another try. I was over it within an hour. The same songs kept on repeating, there were Transformers walking around, there was a nasty "pork" smell lingering around, and unless you're a dancer for the club, get off the damn podium you fool.  All 3 times, my gfs and I managed to get in w/o paying. It actually helps a lot to meet some legit club promoters you can k.i.t with when you get to Vegas. On the last visit, the girl/guy ratio was 1:1 and the guys managed to get in free as well. In addition, girls get free drinks before 11 with wristband.
4	Hot dancers all around with chicks wearing only flowers in a tub? I'm there!Been here plenty of times and this place is really nice. There's lot of great music and the service at the bar is pretty fast. Lots of hot people here and the TAO dancers are all over the place! One favorite thing is the TAO ladies in the tubs. Very nice, I just hope my date didn't catch me looking.While looking around, I noticed that the line for the girl's restroom was upstairs so the ladies can still dance while waiting for the restroom (is that a good thing???)Good: Great club. Great music. Bad: It can get really packed in here.Final: One of the better clubs in Vegas.
4	I would have given three stars, but I don't think it'd be fair for first timers who are looking into this club. Seriously, this place is good for a first club experience! TAO was my first club experience, and it certainly did not disappoint me. That night was as good as a club can get. Great music, hot dancers, the ladies in tubs, and fun crowd. However, six months later I found myself not as impressed as before. Why? My experience the second time at TAO was just dull. The DJ's choice of music was quite strange at times... from rap to trance to some weird jazz mixed with trance. Wouldn't it be obvious to change the song when everyone at the club stopped dancing? The atmosphere just wasn't as fun as before. It's as if the spark has disappeared. TAO is now simply overcrowded and overrated to me, but definitely go there if you're just looking for a good first time clubbing experience.
2	I can't speak much about the line (a party of 16 bachelorettes has no problems with lines or cover charges at Vegas clubs) but the decor was okay, though it is an obvious ripoff of the now-outdated and tourist overrun Buddha Bar in Paris.  However, the stairwell leading to the Tao Beach dance floor was hot, stuffy and emanated a definite miasma of vomit.  Lovely.
3	So this was my first trip to Vegas since turning 21+ and I was looking forward to having an experience of clubbing in Vegas! A friend knew a promoter so us gals got in for free. However, it being during Memorial Weekend, it was quite packed (I could be wrong and it's probably always packed) and a little difficult to move through the club. Aside from getting one of my heels stuck on the stairs a few times the dance floor wasn't too far away on the 3rd floor. Got into the VIP section but the dance floor was PACKED - literally couldn't move an inch. So we left and decided to give Tao Beach a try. It's on the roof of the club which was refreshing (except for the smoke). However, we found it disappointing with a not-so-great DJ and majority of the people up there were sober and not dancing. There isn't much room up there to dance as majority of the space are sitting areas so any open space is a walkway. I'd suggest them to set up a dancefloor over the small pool they have up there to add dance space - the pool was blocked off anyway. So after not really enjoying the roof much either, we were disappointed and surprised to find there was actually a LINE for people to leave the roof... Approximate wait time was probably 15 minutes. I'd be willing to give Tao another try on a regular weekend. It was pretty cool that we were allowed re-entry with our stamped wrists.
4	I've heard so much about it, but finally checked it out for the first time this past weekend. My homie was pullin some strings, so our big ass group actually got in with the quickness.The place is multi-leveled. and you have to go all the way to the top to go down, which was totally weirding me out. The top floor is pretty sick. Nice view of the sky, pool, multiple bars and a nice place to socialize. The music isn't loud at the top, so if you're looking to cut some rug with some beezies, make your way to the lower levels.I checked out another dance floor, the level, I dont know which level it was. This place is super big, so if you're with a group, establish a meeting place to designate as your HQ, because if you lose someone, odds are you aren't going to find them. Next time, I'd like to really check out the whole club, but definitely up to the hype
1	Saturday night of Memorial Day weekend was HORRIBLE!! We had to wait in line for about 30-45 minutes. Then right as we enter we were directed up several flights of stairs to Tao Beach. Uhhhh we didn't want to go here, we wanted the club! We go straight to the bar and it's complete madness and so with the dance floor. We manage to find the way downstairs and there's a line for that too! Most of the time there we stayed in the smaller room playing more hip hop. The DJ was the worst ever! He would start playing a hook to one song then right as we were starting to get into the groove of things he would change it to a different song. Seriously?! You're really going to just play only like 10 seconds of a song??We tried to go into the main room but that was just a disaster and ended up back in the smaller room. This was my second time at this club and I remember it being pretty crowded but this was waaayy out of hand. I'm sure they were way over the capacity. You can guarantee I'm never coming back here!
5	Tao is pretty much the default club of Vegas. It sets the standards of clubbing. Everyone makes a pit stop here and we sure enough did that the first night of JC's opening day party.  After my experience at Tao Beach, it was pretty much returning to the scene of crime where I was served cheap booze at the open bar and basically passed out in my room.Fortunately in the back of mind I was slick enough to set my alarm to 9PM and wake up on time. I woke up still with a pounding headache, but somehow managed to shave, shower, get into a nicely ironed shirt and blazer (dry clean your shit before you leave and toss it in the car!) within the hour. I don't remember who I took the cab with to the Venetian, but I found my way there. At the doors of Tao it was complete mayhem as always. But when you got the JC free pass, there is never a line and no worries. I walked up to the clipboard host and told him my deal. He got me in this side line with like 4 or 5 people.. opposed to the other line which had about 100 people and maybe 60 of them are scantly clad hot women in their club dresses. haha Sucks to be them spending all that time getting ready. So within minutes I roll into Tao and as usual I have to walk my way up through the restaurant with the weak ambient music. I get up to the club level and saw my favorite girls in the bathtub and washing themselves. Nice! I wonder why the petals never fall off the nips.. how do they do it? I got with my boys and open bar was yet again ON and cracking. I looked at the vodka, and sure enough it wasn't the cheap stuff. It was sky..so I decided to tear it up again. Not to mention this time around they were hooking up vodka redbull. So about  an hour goes by f'in around with the boys and I m super hammered. I went to bathroom and I came back and pretty much lost everyone. I managed to find Cody.. one of D's boys and he was like "hey where did everyone go?" I just told him.. "forget them, lets just follow the asses and it always leads you to where you need to be". He just agreed and tagged along. So we saw the bottle service girl, and she had a great ass. We followed her up the stairs to Tao Beach, and sure enough she led us to the JC table with Nassau. Everyone else was there already partying it up. I see MysticalSavage busting moves from Saturday night fever. He worked it in very well with the house music of today. PS you gotta see KC's videos to see those sick moves. That pretty much summed up my night at Tao. Not so cheap booze, great asses, and MysticalSavage busting out moves from Saturday night fever.
2	My first time eating here and going to the club upstairs afterward...on Memorial Day Weekend...yes I know. We had made reservations by the suggestion of my sister who lives in Vegas and loves the food at TAO. My sister usually has pretty good taste so we went (+the gf loves clubbing..)The place was packed as it always is in Vegas. The line to the CLUB was all the way to the escalators of the Wax Museum outside. We checked in at our reservation, which had a 20 minute delay which was not bad at all considering how crazy it was in there. We got in and were served promptly. The waiter was great. I did not like the drink he suggested (Sake-tini...tasted like a cucumber that was blended and watery) and brought me out the sure fire favorite (Grey Goose Martini) immediately. Great waiter! I ordered the Thai chicken which was good, but really citrus-ey! Gf got the orange chicken which was quite possibly the best orange chicken we have ever had. We then got stamped, and proceeded upstairs to the club which was not a long wait at all(btw guys, if you eat at TAO and get an entree for each person, you get into the club for free and you bypass the main line! Though wait until I tell you about the club...)The decor at TAO has a really great feel. Typical to what the name is..."asian" feel all over. The look is really nice. Now to the important stuff. The place was packed to more than capacity, everyone was herded like cattle...there was no room on the dance floor, let alone the walkways. There was absolutely no place to really go without being elbow to elbow with someone else, or rubbing up on some sweaty person near you. I am sorry, but if I go to a club, I do not want to two-step, I really want to dance...also, the music...SUCKED! You can hear the music in the restaurant, and we heard the same songs quite a few times. TAO beach played an Usher song and everyone went crazy...OMG...get it? Then we went down, filed like cattle, into the main room again, USHER-OMG...all the place went nuts...I am sorry...but play some REAL music...if your playlist is about 8 songs...you disappoint most people with half a brain.TAO gets two stars from me because of the obvious violation to fire safety, the lack of music, oh and I almost forgot to mention. We met a guy outside of the club who said he paid one bouncer 40 bux...another 40 bux...and the entry guy 40 bucks...to get in...and leave at 2AM...WTF!? He paid 120 dollars EACH for his party of 4...because TAO was to capacity but they were taking more people if they were willing to pay each "guard"...TAO...simply put. OVER-RATED!
1	Worst club ever....longest line and the MOST expensive/ over priced drinks.....$13.00 for a tiny shot......WHICH had barely any alcohol in it.... couldn't afford to get drunk in that place if we wanted to. We where actually on the VIP list and still had to wait 30 minutes to get in. We where offered free drinks before 11pm, but then didn't let anyone in until after 11. such a rip-off.FINALLY when we got in...there was NO room to wiggle around in one space much less dance. the only place actually sit in this club was in VIP areas which you have to pay a fortune to even get and then you get hit on by hideously ugly boring tax attorneys that try to pay women just to get a kiss from them. don't bother getting into this place...there are MUCH better clubs in Vegas
1	After our first night of bottle service, our 2nd night we were not ready to spend that type of money again so we decided to just come early and try lining up.We were there around 10 pm and the 3rd group in line.  The bouncher came by and asked us if we had bottle service.  After we replied no.  He asked if we could step over the red rope so he could talk to us.We were tricked!As soon as we got out of line the guy was like I can't do a group of guys this big dressed the way we were.Really?!?!?I wasn't expecting to be let in right away but tricked to get out of line so there wouldn't be a scene.  Screw this place.
5	Loved it!!! Now I know why all the Celebs party here. Everyone was great!!!
4	I have been to TAO twice and both times it was a great experience!The second time I went, my mother was visiting Vegas for the first time. Her summary of the evening, "High class Chinese restaurant with a cool bathroom." LOLAppetizer -1. Crispy Lobster and Shrimp Dumplings with Ginger Jiang Kong Sauce Wonton Dumplings2. Appetizer special - Can't remember the name...Main Course - 1. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice with Fried Egg (The bf's favorite dish)2. Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables (YUM!!)3. Crispy Orange ChickenDesert -Giant Fortune Cookie; Filled with White & Dark Chocolate Mousse (MY Favorite!)Our waiter was very friendly. Recommended some dishes for my mom, since she has never been there before. He also gave my bf and I hand stamps for their club, so we didn't need to pay cover and wait in line forever.Overall it was another great dinner. Will definitely be returning the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	I totally understand that getting into a club is frustrating and will immediately knock down one or two stars, but if you don't have that problem or could look past that then this club has a lot to offer...especially if you're a single lady on a Thursday night. First of all, I need to give Tao props for hiring sexy bouncers (and I'm not usually someone who is attracted to a meaty and muscly person). They were eye candy for me all night. I believe for the first time in my life I entered a club with more attractive men than attractive women, and I'm not just talking about the employees. It was definitely hectic on the main floor, but the Tao Beach portion was perfect. There was a heavenly warm breeze and gorgeous men everywhere. And of course they need women to keep them company. Well besides my opinion on the attractiveness of the bouncers and clientele, all I have to say is that the woman's bathrooms were cool. There was nothing extraordinary about the music or rest of the crowd. Even the female performers in the tubs and chaise lounge were kind of boring to watch. I would definitely come back for sure.
4	I was able to get us on a guestlist, so getting in even with guys was not that bad.  Ladies free, guys $30.  It was early and this place was already amazingly packed.  If it not for Tao beach I think I would have called it a night.  Thank goodness we went out there cause we met some really nice guys with bottle service that let us sit and drink whatever we wanted, including my husband.  I don't think I have ever had a male serving for bottle service, but he was really cool.  The only con is the bathroom is a trek.
3	What an vibrant scene. There was a bustling bar crowd and I was easily able to get drinks. Four drinks for about 56 clams. Yipe but they were well made and this is Vegas and TAO.Our host was quite helpful even though the number in our party kept changing. I hate flakey people.We sat and we were greeted within a minute. Our servers were friendly and knowledgeable. One of my major complaints is that it is way too dark in the place. It was hard to read the menus, the food, and we started getting tired. LIGHTS! PLEASE!I remember the food was quite tasty - eggplant, sea bass, orange chicken and some other dishes. I can't remember because I couldn't see them!My gf ordered coffee but has to ask 4 times to finally get it.Since we had dinner at TAO, we were able to get into the club at no charge with no wait. We went straight up to TAO beach. It was so packed! People wouldn't move out of the way when trying to get by. I am surprised no one fell in the pool. But we finally found a spot easily got drinks and had a blast.
1	Tao SUCKS! .....NEXT!!
4	3.75 rounded up.Overrated?? Slightly.I'm also slightly offended by all the Buddhist statues/pictures inside a nightclub but I'll get over it.Crowded?? Extremely.Buying drinks here will also delay your kids college funds.But what keeps me coming back to this place?1. The music. Loveeee the music they play here, I can dance to almost every song2. The hot go go dancers. The best I've seen in a Vegas night club. I was staring at this one girl the entire night, my boyfriend never got that kind of attention from me!! She was HOT, had a BANGING body, and she could grooveeeee. My kinda eye candy
3	TAO isn't really thaaaaat great compared to all the vegas nightclubs. Its a decent asian nightclub that is quite popular on Friday nights.The music is good, TAO beach is pretty cool, the borderline naked girls in the bathtub turn every guy on there. The club does get really crowded though and the dance floor isn't that big, so you don't have that much space to really dance.I'd say.. come here if you want an asian crowd with asian decor. Otherwise, there's better places to club in vegas.
5	Nice place to eat... see and be seen!
3	After dinner downstairs we headed upstairs to the club.  The club is large.  It is a great setting.  The problem is that there are far too many people inside.  I am used to crowded clubs, but this is worse than most.  It is nearly impossible to get to the bar for drinks.  There is no way you could actually ever dance.The DJ was great.  He played a nice mix of music.  The lighting and smoke effects were well done.  The girls in the tubs is a great touch as well.I will come back on a slower night so I can hopefully enjoy the experience a little more.  Saturday night is just too popular.
4	So what's there to do in Las Vegas if you're a group of young, Asian people?  Well besides gamble, hit the club of course!So which club would said young, Asian group go to?  Well, naturally you would give TAO a chance.TAO is one of the newer clubs in Vegas and it is really popular.  There are always a lot of people, so if you're the type of person who doesn't like a crowded (and I mean CROWDED) dance floor, this isn't the place for you.  However, being that it is filled with tons of people, there are a lot of cute girls too.  So for all you single fellas out there that are lookin for love (I wouldn't recommend looking for love in a club, a Vegas club no less), then you better force yourself to like crowded dance floors.If you're going to club just to do the usual drink and dance with your significant other, friends, or even yourself.  TAO is a good place to go.  They play a wide variety of music and have pretty good drinks.  The drinks however, are pretty damn expensive.  But hey, what else would you expect from a Vegas club?
2	OK so this place is really nice but OMG you could hardly walk to get from A to B b/c it was so crowed. Oh and security would push you to the side to make way for more people common. The music was good and if you like to see a bunch of Asian girls get all wild and crazy this is your place.
3	Ehhhhh I wasn't impressed. First of all what irritated me the most is that they stamped me like three time and gave me a wrist band.. do I freaking need all of that?? NO!! They had a couple rooms I was in two of them. The first room played a mixture of top 40 and hip hop but I didn't like that the dj would play it for 30 seconds big boo on that. It was large but not one of the great clubs in vegas. This place only gets a half thumbs up
2	I have been to a lot of clubs in LA but never explored the Vegas scene and since Tao is one of the places that is frequently raved about I figured I should hit it up. It was a big disappointment and I don't think I would ever go again. My friends and I got on the guestlist and even with the guest list it was an hour wait time. Luckily all of us girls are able to get in for free. There was free drinks for girls on the guest list from 10-11pm but since the waiting was so long by the we got in all the free drinks were gone. Drinks there are about $13 a piece and they were not very strong. So needless to say I think the drinks there are a complete rip off. I enjoyed the decor and the dancers but it was much too small a space for all the people they let in. The big dance room was completely filled and you literally cannot move in there. My friends and I spent most of our time in the small dance room but it was also crowded in there because it was where the reserved seating areas were. The space in the small dance room was really awkward because random sections of it were ropped off to people who reserved it. It wasn't good use of space and the music was not very good. I think I could find better nightclubs in vegas than Tao.
4	NOT the "clubber" type at all but, while living in Vegas, I of course had to go to various clubs... while friends were visiting, etc... I don't care for the atmosphere or whatever... but, TAO has an awesome design. The buddha statues/figures everywhere and that whole wall of figures by the bar in the back is awesome! I loved looking at everything like a big nerd. haha.... been here a few times... always the same, packed with mostly asians... hehe... (:
3	I did not like the layout of TAO, I did not like the music they played at TAO.  I did not like the people that were at TAO, though it was Superbad's McLovin's 21st Birthday.  I did like the fact that if you get on the guest list, you get right up to the front of the line and you get in for free (on a Saturday) this INCLUDES free admission for guys.  So our group got in free, not only that but it was open bar for ladies only which means you get a drink at one end of the club and give it to your guy, the go right to the other side of the club where the bar is and get one for yourself.  If you boys like Asian girls, there are a lot of pretty ones here.
1	They way they treat locals on a locals/industry night is horrible.  I went solo to meet friends that were there and entered the first half of the general admission line. As I was allowed to get into the 2nd half. One of the not to bright worker in a black suit suddenly has a problem with my DRESS shoes as if they were not dress code. After that matter was settled. I get a call from my friend that they wouldn't let him in line anymore. He is also a local and the time was at 10:50pm.  First they tell him "Only guest list and locals". He replies he's a local then suddenly its now "Only guest list". Now things have just reach its point of ridiculous. To treat locals so poorly is mind boggling on a night which is designed FOR US.  Oh yeah and I work at the shoppes at the Palazzo which is part of Venetian and at our bar, we're suppose to be on good terms with Tao yet they treat me like dirt. Simply amazing.
2	If sweaty bodies turn you onAnd you enjoy being sardinesIf you like hot breath down your backAnd you're up to date with your vaccinesIf one inch per minute's how you rollAnd you like visiting the zooIf you like dancing standing still Then Tao's the club for you.
5	This place was off the hook! I reached there around 1am, and walked in with ease and that too at $20/person.  Such a good cover charge for Vegas!!!  The decor was seriously awesome.  It really looked enchanting.  The music was crazy good- and they had about three or four rooms all playing different, but similar types of music- but all of them really great!  The drinks were good- nice and strong and much cheaper than Tryst.  The crowd was fun and you could tell they were enjoying themselves to the fullest.  It was crowded, but it wasnt shoulder to shoulder.  The bouncer allowed me and my girls to chill in the reserved area, without hassle and let us go in and out of that area without even bottle service.  I had a seriously great time here.  Is definitely on my list to return here!
3	The three stars is simply for the decor and atmosphere. Obviously I'm a guy so I felt the girls in the tubs big time and the go go dancers were a great touch. As expected, there was a lot of Asian decor but it was amazing to see. Still, it was a Saturday night and the upstairs was crowded and it made it impossible to move or interact with anybody. On top of that, the club and lounge felt a little pretentious and the bouncers make you feel like your always in the way. Sorry buddy but there is nowhere to move!! Oh ya and make sure you are on a list if you are not a high roller because you will be waiting hours to get in. I got myself and two buddies on a list and it worked out great. Had access all weekend to the club, lounge, and Tao Beach!
1	On the dance floor, another girls sweat was rolling down MY back!! This place is so incredibly crowded that you touch everyone! The lines are HUGE!! Even the guest list line was a 20 min wait.  Definitely can find better in Vegas.
2	The Good: Go-Go dancers are hot Decorations Effects The Bad: They are not interested in making sure you come again (very expensive and unfriendly) The DJs reminded me of my friends with ADD. They couldn't stay on a song for more than 30seconds. There is no where to escape to unless you are VIP. It would be nice to have an outdoor area open to everyone. Too crowded to dance.I WOULD NOT come here again
2	I don't own a cat,  I do not have doilies covering the arms of my furniture and  I don't eat dinner at 4:30 pm - let's get one thing straight, I am nobody's memaw.  Tao, however made me question this very simple fact.  We went in for dinner around 10 pm and had to wait almost 30 minutes for our table to be ready, even though we had a reservation AND were supposedly on a VIP list.  Granted the night was slightly crazier than usual due to high celebrity volume, but still.  The food was really nothing special; I've had far superior sashimi at the 6 table joint down the street from my place in Boston.  My friend's lobster pad thai sounded dynamite on the specials menu but in reality was more like the caps you hurl on the sidewalk on the 4th of July...when you're 6.  But we were there to party rather than eat, so upstairs to the club we went.  And that anticipation was really the best that it got for me.  I'm dishing out 2 stars because I fell hard for those sexy red chandeliers hanging in the main bar area.  Totally HOT.  Otherwise, I had smoke blown in my face all night, all sorts of older gentleman vying for my friends and I to "hang out" in their little roped-off areas, watered down drinks and got to dance to a good song for about 25 seconds before the DJ mashed it up beyond recognition.  OH.  Almost forgot.  I was deaf for the following 3 days.I realize that Tao is a place to see and be seen.  So I saw, I was seen and I left without a good buzz and my hair smelled like an ashtray.  I would have rather been home with my proverbial cat for the night.
4	Great place for dancing, but it gets crowded!!!
3	Tao is always a good time but if you dont know anyone there be prepared to wait in the mob of people outside of Tao. Good thing I have some connections, got there, saw my boy and off I was in within 10min.The main floor is really busy. Its impossible to walk around or dance. I usually make my way up to Tao Beach where it isnt as packed and theres breathing room. Tao is best on Thursday nights since it is their industry night. So go early and have a good ratio of guys to girls, 1:1 at the min.3 stars due to the sheer massive amounts of people but Tao Beach section i'll rate a 4 due to less people up top.  3.5 overall
1	I've been here one too many times, and each time has been a massive disappointment!  The great thing is that my promoter was able to get our "off ratio" of 6 girls 7 guys in for FREE (all of us!), we stood in the promoter line for 5 minutes and were inside in no time at all.  But our experience inside was such a letdown.  They always play house music that we can't dance to and don't like... plus, there's not enough room ANYWHERE to dance.  The place is always overly crowded to the point that you're bumper to bumper to the random stranger next to you.  Yea the interior of the club is pretty cool, but it's still one of my least favorite clubs in Vegas.
4	We must have been doing something right that night: convinced the bouncers to let us cut almost all of the line, got in after maybe 10 minutes of waiting, and the cashier accepted a sketchy voucher we got from a questionable old man hanging outside of the Venetian. A promoter also gave us free drink vouchers for the bar!Super super crowded at the bar and on the dance floor. Luckily, me and my group were ushered into VIP and got to dance looking over the crowd on a stage. The night was a little hazy, I can't remember much about the DJ or music....but I had a fun time! I found the decor both unusual and stunning. Stone Buddha statues and candles are grouped together in various parts of the club. The go-go dancers are hot! They basically danced/gyrated half-nude in large stone basins filled with rose petals. I'd say it's a little overrated overall, I'd rather go somewhere less crowded and more memorable. But, they gave us the VIP treatment, we only paid for 1 drink total, and our Tao experience added to an amazing night!
3	From what I remember, the line was long, music was mediocre, it had a nice view, and the dance floor was packed. Alike any other Vegas club, the line is lengthy, but note that this line can be surpassed and you can get in free if you're a girl and have a group of 5+ girls with you! If you're a guy, better try to make some friends with a group of girls. One aspect of TAO that I recall being memorable is its decor - the interior is cloaked in various shades of deep crimson and has red and blue lights flashing everywhere.When you walk in, you'll be greeted by three-four dominatrix girls bound in chains and posing provocatively - it's an entertaining sight, you can imagine. Another thing to remember, try not to be too drunk upon arriving because there are a few staircases you'll need to endure before reaching the main bar and dance areas. Going along with the dominatrix theme, there were 1-2 HUGE glass vases that had more seductive girl dancers inside of them! For the ladies, to avoid the crowds on the dance floor, and furthermore being pressed up on by old ass men, there's an aisle that rests atop the VIP booths that girls may dance on. That's where I ended up dancing with some of my friends, and while that was a blur, my friends pointed out that there were girls sitting in a bathtub atop the aisle as well!The music though, it made me want to sit down. Like not even exert the energy to dance to the crap they were playing. I am giving TAO three stars only because of its decor and gimmicks. There's also an outside balcony that showcases the Vegas lights, but be warned, it's VERY crowded, and is also a smoking-area. The two combined (crowds and smoke) is pretty gross in the Vegas heat. My afterthought: Everyone should go to TAO to see its twisted elegance and provocations.
1	Overrated!  My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for my birthday over Memorial day weekend. Saturday  we decided to go to Tao nightclub.  We arrived at the Venetian and were ushered into one of two huge lines, (a  guest list line and a regular line) like cattle, well, decked out scantily clad anorexic cattle.  After slowly moving to the front of the line which wrapped around the building, we were not found to be on the guest list and had to pay the 40$ for guys and 20$ for girls cover!   You can get on the guest list ahead of time by visiting the web site well before arriving.   Then we are ushered into a maze of dark hallways (still packed in herd formation) but now we are inside and you could start to tell there was little ventilation and experience  'second hand breath'.   We stopped at one of the first dance floors and wanted to try to find a place to sit .  I asked one of the security/ushers and I got a - HA! Good luck, I guess you can try to sit in the tables until the VIP's who reserved them arrive.   I didn't realize this was a privilege to sit.   I have only come to Vegas on non weekends before so being a Saturday night on Memorial Day weekend was a completely different experience.   So we decide to get a drink.  The 'line' to get a drink was like a bee hive pack of people several layers deep which you had to just keep pushing your way to the front as each  club goer emerged with their drink.  I decided to get something simple since it seemed there was no muddling going on for my picky taste in martinis.  I got the feeling if I had asked for a lemon drop I would have had a 'soup Nazi' response of NO MARTINI FOR YOU. The bartenders seemed to want to get you out of there as fast as possible.  I ordered a vodka cranberry and my boyfriend his Jack and Coke. I figured my 20$ would cover two single well drinks.  Not!   It was 32$ for a small bucket type glass.  Paid my tab and tried to protect my precious cargo as I made my way out of the bar line/swarm.  We walked over to the dance floor and it was just packed and I was getting overwhelmed with the recycled breath and asked where is it less crowded.  Thankfully someone told us to make our way up to Tao Beach.  As we ascended the stairs, which were like office building type stairwells surrounded by red painted walls with an occasional photo or directional sign on them, we could start to sense the fresh air ahead.   After several flights of stairs we finally made it to the rooftop open air Beach.  It was a totally different atmosphere!   Very open and airy, lots colorful lights and VIP cabanas lined the perimeter.  There were very few people up there at that point.  It was around 10:00 or so, so we enjoyed having a huge increase in personal space and to move and breathe freely.  We  found a table / wicker couch/bench type thing with a few pillows that was unoccupied in the middle area of the club.  This was a major score as my  boyfriend,  with great fashion sense and taste,  had just got me a  super cute pair of 5" gladiator heels - which I decided to wear / break in that evening.  I would have made a different decision on wearing NEW shoes if I knew we needed to get a loan to sit down virtually anywhere we went.  Still nursing the overpriced well drink, we looked at the menu on the table for the fee for bottle service,  thinking with one shot being 16$ we may be better off with bottle service.   The cheapest fifth of Vodka was 600$ for Skyy I think it was.  We decided to just have one or two drinks here, soak up the atmosphere and drink for real back in our room or somewhere else.  We did enjoy people watching from our comfy albeit temporary spot.  There were no cocktail servers that would come by, there seemed to only be there for the VIP cabanas.  Several cocktail servers, guys dressed in all black and more girls in fishnets and burlesque type outfits,  were parked on the perimeter .  The music was good and we actually got to relax and have fun there.  After about 45 minutes or so we were asked to move as the group of 6 or 7 young guys arrived who had reserved the table.  By now it had become more crowded and twice I was bumped into by a waiter swishing by carelessly trying to rush through the crowd (to the VIP cabana's).  I was pretty irritated to lose 5$ worth of my drink in each elbow bump!  That is when I decided  -  I am going to Yelp this! - and that it was time to go.  So based on the amount of people they packed in, lack of fresh air, the overpriced drinks, lack of seating and lack of cocktail servers for regular people, that earns -1 stars.  The Tao Beach atmosphere was the only positive for me.  The fresh air, lots of lights, decent music, and laid back mellow atmosphere earns a couple of stars back.   I still would not want to go back  nor recommend going unless you are a VIP - so, as a regular person,  I ended up with the 1 star rating.
4	Went here 4th of July weekend on a Saturday with the girls. My goodness, this club was much better than the first time I went a few years back!! So it's Saturday around 11 and the place is PACKED. The line went out the door and wrapped around the balcony in the back. Luckily there are 2 lines and they separate you by guestlist and general line. We waited for maybe less than 30 min... it was the longest wait for us at a club all weekend. Anyways, step in and you're at the lounge level, 2nd level is the club, and 3rd level is Tao Beach. The decor is sultry red with Buddish decor all over the place. In one room there are statues like in China. There are alot of Asians here, but the crowd seemed pretty diverse. Dance floor was packed, NO room to move at all. Friends and I decided to get a drink and go to the 3rd level. OMG, Tao Beach is awesome. It's open and theres fresh air and you can see the pool. You can't go into the pool though :( The crowd up here seems more friendly too. The drink girl came around with shots and said they were buy one get one. Okay, let's do it, $24 for 4 shots, good deal and tasted good too. Some guys came to dance and one guy was the guy that all the friends claimed to "get all the girls". HAHA, I showed him!! It was fun to dance though... but buddy, that's about it, sorry but you gotta tell your friends that this was one girl you couldn't get. Still the group was friendly and nice. My girls and I stayed till about 3am and had a blast. I can't wait to come back here again. You'll be seeing me on the roof at the beach level!!
1	Even though this is the place to go to when in Vegas, it was definitely not the place for me & my group of friends. We came here back in March. Our friend had a "hook up" that got us in for free, but the place was so damn crowded that it took us 2 hours to walk through the whole place! Drinks were freaking expensive, and there was barely any room to stand. My friends managed to get a corner by the bar, but they were constantly spilling their drinks because there were 2 single file lines of people trying to get by and pushing. I've never been claustrophobic before, but this place definitely brought that out in me!We stood by the bar area for about 10 minutes and decided it was too hot and stuffy, so we all left. Took us about another 45 minutes just to get OUT of the club!
5	*sigh* I just love Tao. We went Friday night during 4th of July weekend and it was packed! We had to wait in line for a minute which was annoying but once we got in,it was on and poppin! Me and one of my girls got on the lil stage by the back bar and were jammin all nite! The DJ knew what she was doing! ( I think it was a female!) Neway, she played mainly hip hop and even tho some of it was older hip hop (like 2007 2008) we were still jammin! Since we were really the only ppl in there who had rhythm, we were the show hahahahahaha. Naw but Tao is fun! I will definitely make it there whenever I'm in Vegas!
3	DJ was great, and an absolutely packed dance floor on weekends! The club itself is also very pretty but I didn't notice many architectural details as I was mostly gawking at the go-go dancers in the bathtubs. Definitely get a table if you want some room to breathe. Otherwise, be prepared to rub shoulders with lots of sweaty people.More importantly, my friend found a promoter who works for Tao Group (Matt at 702-496-7851). We texted him before arriving in LV and he hooked us up at Tao Beach, Tao, and Tryst (at the Wynn). Ladies, this is how you bypass lines, avoid cover charges, imbibe in open bars, and get onto exclusive guestlists for free: Find a promoter!
3	Oh Tao, 3 years ago (and even the second time I came back 2 years ago) when I visited, you were a 5 star kind of club.  You didn't let everyone and their mother, sister, 2nd cousin, and 3 aunt twice removed in.  But this past weekend... oh my goodness. It was so crowded in the club!!!  Way more crowded than it has ever been!  Seriously, it took me and my friends 45 minutes to get service at the bar.The music is still pretty good- hip hop and dance.  I still enjoy the music.  But the crowded dance floor makes it impossible to have a good time.  And does it feel like the VIP sections keep getting bigger and bigger?  I swear they could fit a dance floor in some of those roped off areas in the Opium room.  Tao Beach was much less crowded, but since it's open air, it gets pretty hot on a night in July.If you're going to go, I'd say get a table.  You get more space and alcohol for your money.
3	For all the hype that this place gets, it doesn't quite live up to it. Don't get me wrong - the venue itself is quite large, well-designed, and has potential. Plus it's dark in there anyway but that's besides the point. Frankly, I don't remember the music they played. I know it was packed, drinks spilling everywhere. Take it how you want it, but the crowd was "diverse." The biggest miss at Tao is that their drinks taste like shit. I'm sorry, but if I wanted straight-up liquor I'd bring my own handle. Only drink that was decent was the Midori Sour. Not quite sure how much the drinks cost since some rando who claimed his name was "Broken Arrow" ordered me a rum & coke, haha. Also noteworthy is that they don't serve mojitos. What, is there not enough alcohol in those things to be served in Vegas? geez. Come with a group of hot girls and you won't have to wait in line. Plus side about Tao and Vegas clubs in general is that it doesn't close until 5 am. Who sleeps in Vegas anyway?
3	Again another place I wish I could give 3.5The big con, CROWDED...let's just get that out of the way. A lot of people hit up Tao, mainly b/c it's kind of that midway price-wise when it comes to cover charges (even on busy busy weekends), but still has a decent crowd. For how long tao has been open, it's kept it's buzz with popularity. Which totally isn't a bad thing. Even if you don't feel like going to the club, you can hit up the ground stage lounge where the restaurant is, which is usually a plus. They have Tao Beach which is great if you don't want to be stuck on the crowded down floor, but it could get crowded given the right night. I'm a firm believer in thinking a clubs time is how you much fun you put into it, and this place can be pretty good. The decor is nice....hotties in tubs with pedals anyone!?!? it's a good touch, and I like it...I really don't know how the rest of the inside looks, mainly b/c it's dark and I was probably in a good buzz...I'm probably going to go here again, and hope to see ya there...drinks on you...i'll get the next one...if you can find me...peace
4	This review is for the TAO Nightclub only.Overall, I've walked out of this club feeling satisifed for probably 8/10 of my experiences.  But really, you have to know which nights to go for what purpose.  Getting in can be quite tough, especially if you don't know what you're doing.  There's about 3 different lines depending on the night: one for regular guests, one for guestlist/hotel guests, and one for VIP.  Your best bet is getting a promoter's number to get you on the guest list.  They're usually really nice about it and usually can get everyone in for a reasonable price (the most I've had to pay was $20) and girls usually get in for free.  Girls get free open bar from 10pm-11pm, so that's pretty cool.  They're not as strict as XS about guys' attire, but you should dress up in a button up collared-shirt and dress shoes just to be safe because some will reject you; it really depends on the mood of the bouncer.There's 2 dancefloors, one in the main area and one in another private room.  The one in the private room is pretty small and mostly for people who reserved a table.  The DJ in here in my experience is generally not as good in song selection.  The main dancefloor outside is my favorite because the DJ is awesome.  The only problem is that it gets crowded fast and it gets pretty hard to move around.  Bad nights to go here are when celebrities decide to celebrate here.  I mean the perk is that you get to party with and see the celebrity (Jamie Fox comes here a lot), but everyone wants to also, so everyone crowds the area and it's almost impossible to move and it gets super hot.  There's a small balcony on the outside but it fits like 20 people and every just smokes there so it's not the freshest air for a break.  If you want a break, you'd go upstairs to TAO Beach.  Up here isn't really a club, more like a lounge; they have all reserved tables up there, a full bar, there's music and people dance in the aisles, but it's not necessarily where you go to dance.  It's more for the fresh air and just to hang out and drink.  It's really nice because it's on the roof  so you're in the open air and a LOT of space.  The only problem though is that getting between TAO Beach and the Nightclub can take awhile because a lot of people like to move in between and its kinda crowded.Back in the nightclub I believe there are 3 bars (1 is in a secret location behind the dance floor).  They're usually pretty crowded and typical vegas price (~$14 cocktails), but the bartenders are generally pretty good.  The majority of the drinks I get here taste great and exactly how they're supposed to taste.The bathrooms are apparently quite a scene.  I've never been in the stalls for the guy's restroom but all my friends that are girls always tell me about their transparent stall doors.  They are transparent up until the moment you close the door and suddenly transitions to being opaque, so apparently it's pretty nifty to see.  The girls bathrooms are upstairs and there's usually a line to get in.  They also have some pretty nice go-go dancers in the main dancefloor, and in the entrance they have some booths that are there for show, and sometimes, mianly Friday or Saturday nights, they have girls that just sit there and pose in really seductive positions along a bed, lounge chair, etc.  And right next to dance floor, they sometimes have girls dancing in theses tubs.  Literally.  THey're tubs of water with rose petals on top and they're practically naked and dancing around in there.  It's pretty hot.But yeah, TAO is one of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas, and I'm usually walking out feeling pretty satisfied.  I'd give it a 4-4.5 just because it can get really crowded and hot.
3	Tao is.... overcrowded. The promotors are super nice and one of them was good friends with my friend so we were on the guest list from the start. Skipped the line and entrance fee and enjoyed what Tao had to offer. There is a decent sized dance floor in the main room and a smaller one in a separate room. The bartenders make good drinks so thats a plus.There are a LOT of older men. And it was fairly uncomfortable for us to be harassed by random older guys. Like 60 years old. Yikes.
1	Our group of 9 got into for free, with relatively no wait. With that, I still don't like this place. It's way too crowded here and too hot!! (not the girls) July 4th weekend, Paul Van Dyk (sp?) was here spinning which was nice. But the crowded crowds isn't. Went upstairs to Tao Beach area, and all these girls were leaving, going downstairs, and telling not to go, cause it sucks. I should've listened and went with them. Even with FREE admission, personally, I don't like this place, haven't had a good experience here either.
1	Review for club only.Do you enjoy not being able to breathe in a hot over crowded gaudy club? Then this is for you! Push and shove your way to get into a more crowded area just to be shooed away by the security. In one sentence, you will hate yourself if you attempt to go here. Unless you have VIP tickets (or eat at the restaurant before hand) you will be in line for an hour. Luckily we were "VIPs". So we head up 3 flights of stairs to get into the club (good luck ladies in heels) and have to shove our way through masses of people. If you are not sure to come here or not, just don't. You can't move, you can't breathe, it's hot as hell, I left after about 3 minutes. I would have wanted my money back had I not gotten in for free. Plus the staged "flower bra" girls in the baths look like they hate their lives. Why are stupid vegas clubs like this more about showing off than having fun? Roped off VIP areas, can't even get to the main floor, screw this place.
4	Food: went for dinner once, it was good, but pricey of course. Waitresses were very attractive. Nice house music to set the vibeClub: pretty big place. 3 Different areas to dance. The times I went, it was hip-top, clubhits in the main room and oldschool/80's on the top floor where Tao Beach isPeople say the place is too crowded. Yeah it is, but then again, I feel like almost every club in Vegas is crowded. Yeah, you can go to XS and dance outside by the pool, but it's not the same experience as being inside w/ all the lights, sound. But if you don't care about that, then it's all good
5	For a 5-star experience, it matters who you know, ladies. So if you don't know..now you know. Ask me & I can point you in the right direction. Just promise not to be a pain in the ass diva that doesn't know how to follow directions and yet still expects to get hooked up. Don't pull the high and mighty card because you'll get turned down real quick. And if you make me look bad for referring you, I will personally seek you out & pop you one. Appreciate your VIP hosts and you will have a rocking ass time. They bust their asses to make sure of it. Trust me.The VIP area on the 2nd level is the only place you can chill without being OVERLY crowded. Except when this chubster bachelorette party took over the section I was hanging out near. Thankfully we got pulled up to dance on the stage lining the VIP booths where the tub with girls are shimmying in, which was nice because:a) You can feel a/c from this height! b) You can dance without being crowded as you overlook the dance floor.We ended the night on level 3 (Tao Beach) which was hotter than downstairs (hey, it's summer) and didn't leave until the party did.Do Vegas right or don't do it at all is my motto...
2	Let's begin on a high note, this place is beautiful. The decor is so wonderfully done and it's definitely something to see in Vegas at least once. But that's it, at least for me. In my experience, the only way to enjoy this club is to get a table and even then it's not that much better. Its super crowded and there are all sorts of different, small rooms playing different types of music. I think the design is poor. I have to give credit to the go go dancers though, they can actually dance...unlike most clubs in Vegas.
3	Beautiful club! The fixtures and lighting were great. I really liked the ambiance of it all. The place was pretty big with a decent sized dance floor, but mann, this place was suuuper crowded when we went. Pretty crazy dancing sooo damn close to folks that you didn't even know...Also they had bars in different locations, which I usually like because I hate when clubs have only 1 bar and it gets suuper crowded and takes forever to get a drink. But the smaller sized bar here was on the other side of the dance floor, and the only way to get to it was by walking through the maze of clubbers getting their groove on. It was horrible. Especially if you're the one dancing, and people come through with their drinks in their hand trying not to spill it on you.. not cool.The bathrooms were pretty cool, I like the foggy glass thing.Drinks were overpriced, as it is at any club in Vegas. Although the bartenders were pretty cool. I need to give this place another try because we really didn't stay long enough to get a feel for the place. Ooh.. a whole lotta asians though. But maybe because it's called Tao? hah.
5	i am absolutely in love with tao!  the club itself is beautiful, and although its on the smaller side, compared to mega clubs like xs, i prefer it.  it lends a little bit of intimacy in the middle of the huge party that is vegas.the crowd here is always nice--beautiful and i have yet to run into infamous vegas creepers here. maybe i've just been lucky, but let's hope it stays that way!  the go-go's are HOT and the dj is one of my faves.overall, i always have an amazing experience at tao--but more than anything this is my promoter's doing.  matt (702.496.7851) takes such good care of me & the girls EVERY time--he's super sweet and has good connections--we always go to tao but if we ever want to go anywhere else, he hooks it up there too.now, i'm being a little protective, but if you call him...don't be rude. don't be a diva.  listen and you shall receive.  i promise.  it's never failed me and i've always enjoyed an amazing experience at tao thanks to matt...he is seriously the BEST.party on ;)
4	Bottle service/ free drinks for girls till 12 make me a happy! A friend of mine got my group in so we were hooked up. We were sitting in the cabanas upstairs and it was pretty sweet. Instead of rubbing up against sweaty/stinky club goers. We sat and chilled and and drank and danced. Music was outdated but it didn't matter I had fun because the people i was with. So moral of the story. Want a chill club experience... get a cabana and chill. :) looking for a rowdy time complete with random hook ups and sweaty bodies... stay on the dance floor.
4	the best fusion restaurant in vegas. beautiful decorations and interior. ask waiters for recommendations if you are not sure what to order. they will give you wonderful suggestions that will blown you away.
1	Attention TAO Management:Your hostess was one of the worst I've encountered, period. I walked in looking to make dinner reservations and waited several minutes for the hostess to look up at me from her computer station. She was (apparently) doing something on her computer at the host stand and not once looked up, even though I was standing literally two feet in front of her. After several minutes, she looked up at me and said, "Yes?" as if I was an inconvenience. Having worked in the service industry for years, I expect the hostess to represent the establishment and treat guests accordingly. Seeing as I was looking to have a special dinner on a Friday night at the Las Vegas strip, I walked away after her lack of consideration and class. I have heard rave reviews about this place, so I will try again at a later date. Hopefully the restaurant and club will be better represented by it's staff.
2	My biggest gripe about Tao is how cramped it is.  The dance floors are small, and you're rubbing up against every sweaty person in there.That being said, the drinks are fine, and so is the music.  There's also girls in bathtubs and go-go dancers, so there's plenty of eye candy to go along with the people on the dance floor, but it's all sorta ruined by how cramped it is.Like all clubs in Vegas, if your girl:guy ratio is not at least 1:1, you're going to have issues getting in unless you're baller and can slip the bouncers some cash.  So make sure you either have girls in your group or are willing to spend the cash to get in.
2	Ok, ok, I get it. It's trendy to have lines "around the block" (around the escalator?) and ladies in rosepetal bathtubs as you walk in. But Tao Nightclub is trying way too hard to be cool - and makes you feel like you just walked into amateur night when you enter the club. I'm always expecting my opinion of this place to change, because the restaurant is great! Unfortunately, it's just an overhyped, overrated, overpacked club that happens to be in the middle of the strip. Service is SUPER slow, drinks are super expensive, and the place is packed with fifty thousandaires who think that grabbing your ass is the best way to get a girl's attention. Sure, they have the occasional celebrity sighting, but there are so many better clubs to check out in Vegas. Eat at Tao. Skip the nightclub.
1	Tao is pretentious and quite frankly their food is overly priced for how mediocre the taste is. The server we had was quite rude to my bachelorette party and seemed offended that we ordered sushi & appetizer plates, as if we didnt order enough to bother him. Our bill came to 300 dollars and it included his gratuity automatically so he felt no need to actually service us or work for his tip. Their wine selection is so so. And the club bouncers practically took one of my girls out for doing what they told her to do. We left and I wasn't about to wait in line for ridiculous club. Moon and Ghostbar topped this place times 10.
4	Tao never fails to deliver.  They always have greattt music when we go.  The dance floor is pretty small so that kind of sucks.  And the foam thing is cool at first but can get old when they keep doing it throughout the night.  Otherwise, I always have a blasttt at Tao.  It can get really crowded but if you're having fun you won't care that much.  Except last time I went it was pretty bad so the girls went to this side area where just girls can dance.  Had a lot of fun doing that.  Usually the agenda in Vegas is Tao the first night, XS the 2nd.  I think a lot of people seem to do that because we see the same people at XS on the 2nd night.  Just goes to show Tao is probably the 2nd best night club.  The guys here are okay.  But there are way more hot fellas at XS!
2	Okay, the girls are hot, but that's pretty much all Tao has going for them.Holy sweaty bodies, Batman, I can't freakin' move in this joint.  Here's a tip: wanna head over to the bar?  Give yourself a good 10 minutes cuz that's how long it's going to take you to trek them 30 feet.  Yea, I get it, it's a club, it's crowded, and I don't mind grinding up on hot girls while I try to bring back circulation into my legs, but when Bruno over here starts rubbing his ass in my stomach we have a serious problem.Unless you're getting a bottle, I'd try to avoid this place.ps- Tao's food is decent though!
4	PROS: good looking/attractive people, great music, really nice decor with plenty of bars to get a drinkCONS: crowded, long lines to get up and down the stairsTIP: find a way to get a table to avoid the crowds on the dance floor, especially if you have guys in the group! It may be worth the extra $$
4	Was here in May for a bachelor's party, we got a table with a couple of bottles, we pre partied for a few hours before in our suite at the Venetian.  It was 1185 including tax and tip for a bottle of Grey and Crown.We weren't at our table for very long from what i was told, since they kick you out once you finish your bottles, so i think we were only at our table for 1 hour.  The guys brang some girls back to our hotel room and we just ended up partying back at the room.  All in all it was good times, regardless of the money.
5	Compared to Boston, Vegas clubs are just WAY BETTER especially if you are with a huge group of pretty girls.I was just walking down the strip and ran into a really nice promoter who put me and my friends onto the guest list. She wasn't there that night but when I texted her and she helped me out. Line- I waited for a while in the line but was placed in the express, only ladies line (which 15 girls go in at a time). So sweet being a girl! If you want to get in...get there by 10pm!!! If you are a guy, you better have a lot of girls with you or $$ for tables.Fee-I can't remember exactly but I think it was free admission and drink before 12am. ( I went in May)Layout- This place is HUGE and extremely nice.Music-Top 40 and a lot of good music. Some old school, some techno,...a little bit of this and that. Since there are so many different rooms, same music might play because there are different DJS throughout Tao. I think there are 3. One of the bottom floor when you get in, 2 upstairs (1 in the big dance floor, 1 in the side room).Crowd-It's so big so there's all kinds of people here! My friends and I met some nice guys and got to sit at their VIP table. Was awesome!!!Dancers- Really good. I was locked on a GoGo for a while because she was just so freaking amazing and hot!Bathrooms- I didn't use the ones upstairs but I heard they had some weird, clear doors that when you locked it, the door would go from clear to blurry. So cool!Overall, if you go to Vegas you HAVE to go to TAO! It was my best nightclub experience there and I went to Pure, Playboy Club, Rain, Ghost bar, Moon, and....others.
4	Came here last year for a BoA American Debut party. Haha...There's been a lot of hype around this place, and almost EVERYONE in Vegas has come here at some point. This is likely the introductory club for most people.I suppose the hype was worth it. It's fairly large with 2 rooms mixing two kinds of music - lots of pathways with interesting things to see - girls bathing in bathtubs of rose petals - rooftop beach lounge (Tao Beach) where you can just chill outside - bar room lined with 100 Buddhas. Although this place is once again hella expensive. Spent $70 on 4 jaggerbombs and a cranberry vodka. Never again, never again.The line for this place gets pretty tremendous, so get here early or don't get in at all. Bouncers don't care about you or your ridiculous circumstances, unless you're an all female party. This applies for everywhere in Vegas -- so just get in early and wait for the crowd to build up because it definitely will. Overall, I'd come here again if others did, but it's kind of like -- been there, done that. I'm very indifferent. Although for everyone else: this place is worth seeing at least once.PS: Wednesday is industry night = locals night. Expect it being packed w/ a lot of guys.
2	It is one of the more popular clubs in vegas. Especially among Asians. Because it's an asian-influenced kinda club I guess? I never understood this... Tao club is the club for the Venetian, which is a hotel that clearly takes on the whole Europeanesque/Italian theme. Then in the upstairs corner... it's like a China town WuShu temple karate kid nightclub with little asian figures and sculptures all around the place. The place is huge, but let's just say the max capacity here is 1,000 people. They try to pack in about 30,000 people. Well, at least that's what it felt like. Funny thing is, even though it's this packed, when we stepped outside, the lines were still insanely long. Workers are constantly yelling& telling people to not stand around where people are trying to walk. But the problem is, there's no where to really walk. You're just constantly shoving & pushing & bumping. When my gf & the girls would have to use the restroom (located upstairs), the guys would have to wait about 20-25 minutes. No joke.There are girls who get paid to just lay around on couches and bathtubs, scattered around the entire place.Luckily, we didn't have to wait in line & after much struggle with the bouncers, one bouncer allowed us to get in free even with a 4:3 guy/girl ratio because we all had room keys and a couple of us were on the guest list. They initially wanted to only comp the girls and have the guys pay 20$. Girls get a free wristband for open bar til 11pm which we missed bcus we came late.
5	What FIVE Bottles of Belvedere Vodka at Tao will get you, in order:1. a VIP host2. a front and center table situated in the smaller room with DJ (IMO, the best table in this club)3. many new friends that will happily drink your Belvedere Vodka4.  excellent wait staff 5.  a good bouncer to protect your roped off table6.  'Drunk Friend A' projectile vomits on 'Drunk Friend Bs' suit jacket 7.  'Drunk Friend A' needs to get checked out by certified paramedics in the service hallways of the hotel8.  when paramedics asks 'Drunk friend A', "What city are you in," he responds "New York"9.  You take Drunk Friend A' back to hotel via Taxi10.  you clean up 'Drunk Friend As' vomit and learn that he ate chicken for lunch11.  you go back to club to party12.  you party more13.  you get a bill for $3,000 USD14. 'Drunk Friend C' tears his Canali suit dress pants and claims it was the crazy girls (est. retail cost $500 USD) 15. you go home with a lifetime of storiesNote: friends will remain anonymous to protect their identities
2	The decor is not that creative - ok buddha's everywhere, bathtubs w/ rose petals and girls in lingerie laying around. Boring !!Of course, it's super crowded. Why are there so many stories/levels ?? Just open up the dance floor so my feet don't get stepped on!
1	I went here on the Saturday night before Father's Day for a bachelorette party.  We had requested to be seated in Tao Beach and they had said, up to 2 hours beforehand that night, that it was first come first serve. We followed their instructions for bottle service and got their early before 10:30pm.  Ten girls with bottle service yet they still made us wait in line for 30 minutes. Still, no big deal. They seated us in a cramped room with seats for only half our party. We were informed then that Tao Beach ended up being closed that night because they believed it was going to be a slow night due to Father's Day. If we had known, we would have gone somewhere else. Exactly why they were vague over the phone. The place got so crowded that I had my head hit over three times by people dancing or just passing by the aisle behind the couch. I had a huge headache by the end of the night.Close to 3am, the room we were in started dying down. They started moving table service groups to the main dance floor area, stating that they were "upgrading us." We ended up following the promoter as he led us around on a wild goose chase. The table that he thought was empty was not.  As he was trying to figure out where to put us, we stood in a single file line squished up between the dancing crowd and the people at the table. 45 minutes later, we end up back at our original table with only half our party and the room completely empty. They offered us a round of shots to compensate us. Are you serious? We still had half a bottle of vodka left that we could have polished off the last hour. Why would we need your free shots? Weak.Finally, the guy agrees to give us one free bottle the next time we go to Vegas. We agreed to this since we were planning on going to Vegas in September for another bachelorette. Now, as we try to contact him to honor his agreement, he is not responding. Terrible. Tao: Liars, poor service, waste of money
5	Was here two weeks ago. Had a cabana at Tao Beach on Saturday night when Lebron was there. Loved it. Tao never fails. Always my favorite night in Vegas. Really love the cabana. Complete private section with a couch, coffee table, 2 lounge chairs, a bed in front, a fridge, flat screen TV, even has a 360 which we didn't need but it was cool that is there.
3	I came here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday. He had a table and ordered bottle service. When my friends and I got here, it was SUPER crowded. Luckily, my friend Evelyn and I didn't have to wait long and was able to get in fairly quick. There were two levels and our friend's table was upstairs. It was kind of a journey getting upstairs because it was so crowded! We got the table closest to the bathroom and closest to the bar. Our area was quite small, but it was nice to sit down once in a while. There was nothing special about this place. It was too packed and was hard to get around.
3	Get bottle service to truly enjoy Tao..period.It's definitely true what every single person here says.1.)You will be pushed and shoved and stuffed like sardines--not just in the dancefloor--but getting everywhere2.)Drinks is also hard to get and $$vegas priced$$..so either sneak in a flask..(lol) or if you are with a group, bottle service will be much better and you will have an actual place to sit and avoid the cattle of drunk sweaty people stepping on your already sore feet)My ideal club is where there is actual space to be comfortable/dance, sit & rest my tired dancing feet while checking people out(haha) and I can get my drink on easy..and not have to fall in line FOREVER to get to the bathroom...Spectacular decor, frequent celebrity sightings, Tao beach & beautiful dancers are definitely worth the star points and to just check out this super club..BUT Both times I marveled at Tao--I always couldn't stand to stay long or enjoy the night because of the chaos. =\
4	Call ahead and get on the guest list.  My group of 5 girls and 2 guys all got in for free because of it (but you still have to wait in line for about an hour like the rest of the people on the guest list).  The first time I went to Tao, I was severely disappointed.  It was really small and the music was mediocre at best.  Second time I went I was wary because of my initial visit there but I actually really enjoyed myself.  It was still a small area but the music was better and it's always entertaining seeing the girls covered only in flower petals.  This third time I went (on a Friday night), Tao was fantastic!! The music was literally the best I've ever had in a night of clubbing.  I seriously wish I could follow those DJ's around and club wherever they're going to play.  A con was the crowded-ness.  It is extremely frustrating when you love the song that's playing but can't dance to it because the coupleS next to you are bumpin and grindin and makin out violently which results in you getting pushed around and trampled.  Once we made it on to the side stage I was as happy as can be!
2	This will be a two part revue...both not good.First the Bistro...have been here two times now and both times a little let down.  The first time the only thing that saved the night was good company, good wine and some quality champagne.  If you get a chance to sample some Nectar Imperial Rose definitely do so...best champagne I have ever had.  The second night, nothing really saved it.  I chose to do the Kobe Beef Steak...a $90 plate.  Very let down.  Yes it's American Kobe and I knew it was not going to be at the level of some Kobe I have had outside the US, but this was just bad.  I have had marinated skirt steaks that cost $15 that were better.  No one in my party was overly thrilled about any of their food, just not worth the money.Part two...the nightclub.  After dinner we were given free passes in to the Club and I have never seen a place so packed.  I guess that's a good thing if you are looking to literally rub all over people and push your way through crowds to just get a drink.  Get Bottle Service it might be worth the $800 for the night just so you get your own space.
3	crowded as fahk!i was on the dance floor and i felt someone nudge/elbow me. i turn around and it was this chick. so i was like, "eh, whatever". then every other minute she kept doing it! i seriously wanted deck this bitch. however, i don't hit women. so, i thought to myself, "two can play that game". i started dropping it low and booty bumping that stupid cunt, and while i got pushed back and almost lost my balance, i never gave up and kept backing that thang up! hahaha! dumb bitch. gtfo of here with that shit. that shit really pissed me off but i'm glad her and her man left cause "i don't think they ready for this jelly". lmao!seriously, this place IS really crowded. at one point there was so much people on the dance floor that i got squeezed as if i was in a crowd at a concert or taking the train at 8am in tokyo with all these japanese business men trying to get to work. =_=wanna get in for free? call the club and get on the guest list then line up at around 9:30pm.want free drinks? bring women. the ladies i was with got wrist bands for an open bar from 10pm - 11pm. so, they got drinks for free, gave them to me and the fellas, then got some more for themselves!we waited in line for 30 or so minutes but there was no cover and all the guys got free drinks courtesy of the ladies! the ladies themselves got free drinks too! hell yeah! *fist pumps* gwahahaha!i liked the crowd here. more sophisticated/decent than jet night club which, we went to the next night. go read my review on it after this!one last thing, is there seriously just one freaking dance floor? my gawd! our group of 9 kept walking around...single file and holding hands! cause it was crowded as fahk!!! XD(i felt like i was in elementary school on a field trip to the library)...looking for another dance floor only to find another room full of couches and shit. no dance floor at all in that area.i heard people here on yelp talk about tao beach and to just go upstairs. well, we tried that and i guess the ladies with the wrist bands were the only ones that could go. not the fellas. why didn't y'all tell me!? btw... fuck that guy at the stairs! fucking douche. IT WAS FUN WHILE IT LASTEDthat's the sentence that will describe a night at tao. friday night that is.if someone were to ask me about tao id be like, "the over crowded place with a small ass dance floor?"yep. that's the one. here's my final thought...the bitches in the tubs were UGLY!
3	I've no opinion on the cover charge, bouncer behavior, etc., because we had a private escort walk us in for free, bypassed the line, etc., who hung around us all night to make our night easy.1. Music. Hip hop/R&B mashups. Pretty good, but some repeats throughout the night.2. Cool bathtubs around the club with rose petals (for your sexy photo op pleasure).3. Way crowded. Might have broken a fire code. Overall, just your average club with nothing Asian about it, and nothing to really set it apart.
2	Over the years, I've loved this place, but I think I've stepped in for the last time.  The place was so overcrowded that now I know what Time Square on NYE feels like.  Way more overcrowded than even before.  Crowd was not up to par like it use to be.  We got a deal with only one bottle but our table was a mile from the dance floor and upstairs.  Tao had a good run, but i think its about time for them to re-think operations.
3	i have such a love/hate relationship with this club. as awesome as the DJs are...as hot as the go-go dancers are.. and as often as i have gotten in for free and not waited in line....this club is just WAY TOO SMALL!if you plan on dancing at all, i recommend you come right when it opens, boogie your butt off on the dance floor.. then bone out before the bouncers start packing the place so tight you cant even turn around. all clubs in vegas pretty much become way over packed later towards the night, but because of tao's small size, it happens way quicker and it can really ruin your night. ive had some awesome nights here and the crowd is definitely asian if thats what your into, but the overcrowded scene always turns me off.i definitely recommend tao if you plan on club hopping and this is the first place you hit.. but if you'd rather just stay at one place for the night, i recommend going to XS or Tryst over this place, you'll have a way better experience and fun for a lot longer!
4	I cant go there, becaue I knock out tiny little ppl and their tinier little skinnybutt boys with my nearly 6'5 amazonian height. Plus I drag my superlong hair through their drinks.I only go if my buddy has us come in to meet his business friends at a table. At least I get to sit and free drinks and dance with halfway attractive men my own height!WAY too overrated on the *hot people* scale. BUT the decor is awesome and the drinks good!
4	The hype for TAO has definitely died down over the years with XS, Surrender, and whatnot opening up but I still love this club a lot. It's ALWAYS crowded, even non-holiday weekends during the spring, summer, even winter so I'm guessing holiday weekends are even worse. Tao always has great music that we recognize, not just house music like most clubs. Drinks are expensive as always. $15 for a small screwdriver? MEH. Figured. Saw Jamie Foxx and he gave us a concert, spitting out songs and pouring Vodka directly into ladies mouths. Crazy! I heard he was a regular. Celebritiess~~The best thing is that their decor is always nice and the bathroom is clean and structured nicely. Not to mention the go-go dancers and girls in the tub are alwaaays pretty! I'm not a lezzy, but I do find myself staring at how beautiful they are!I actually ate here before too and from what I remember, the food was good. A nice pan-asian cuisine. Great service, pricey, Vegas style.
2	As a review for last night at Tao, I would say that two stars is generous. I've been a couple other times when I might have awarded 3 stars but last night was just NOT RIGHT.When we first got into the club, we tried to order drinks at the bar. There were definitely a lot of people trying to get drinks but the bartender was just flat-out rude to us. He kept making it seem like he was going to take our order and then just somewhat smirked and walked away. 20 minutes of this and another friend managed to find another bartender who didn't feel like being such an a-hole.Then, we headed out to the dance floor which was INSANELY PACKED (felt like a mosh pit) even though the music was not that good. Even trying to get off the dance floor was a disaster as there were so many people pushing in so many directions. My friend got hurt by an elbow in the face. The highlight of Tao was finding out that the daytime Tao Beach area tranformed into part of the club at night. That outdoor area was much nicer but the crowd was still not great and, even on the pool deck, the bouncer quickly insisted that we put our shoes back on. We did see a few (1 guy and then 3 girls) fall over the ropes and into the smaller pool which was somewhat entertaining (since they were not hurt but just amused) but even this was not enough to make for a successful or fun clubbing experience.
2	Can't completely scud this place, it's actually pretty nice inside.  The decor and layout are completely chic and cool.  Was there on a Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday night.  Tuesday and Wednesdays were not bad but Friday was ridiculous (see below).If I was a 21 year old nightclub partier, I might even make this place one of my favorites, but there are three things that turned me off about this place and I will more than likely never go back on a weekend.  For one - the line was insane, and it started early.  I was there on a Friday and I was with two other males.  Forget about getting in w/o slipping the bouncer a few bills.  We waited for like 45 minutes while many other people who came after us were let in because they had one female with them, not to be mean, but some of these ladies barely classified as women in my book.  I'm in my thirties and that alone is just too annoying for me especially since I usually spend quite a bit when I go out.  I'm just not into that scene anymore.Moving on, my friends really want to go in, so we put some money together and suddenly the velvet rope opens for the three sausages to be alowed in.  :-)  Walk in, and it was REALLY loud, like too loud, but there was definitely a lot of energy in the place which is good.  Made our way to the bar, and we have annoying point #2, they have like four bartenders serving twenty thousand people, so we had to order a bunch of drinks and hold them or risk waiting another hour for a refill.  IAfter a few drinks, we made our way to the dance floor where annoying point #3 reared its ugly head.   Way too crowded and you couldn't move.  I am 6'2", 230 lbs and I felt like I was in a coffin.  Some people actually danced in this dungeon of a space, so I was being bumped into, pushed around, an all around crappy time at the dance floor.  One cool thing, Mike Tyson was nearby in a roped off area, and I had heard some other celebs were there as well.  It's definitely a great place to go if you like being squashed in a like a sardine and you have at least one woman with you, but I'm too grown up for that now.  When I go out, I just don't want to deal with that kind of BS anymore.
1	Seriously! If another security gaurd asks me to move.... no dance floor, plenty of girls, and no place to sit and chill. To hell with this place at night! NEVER again
4	I really enjoyed myself here! Went with my girlfriends and they waived the cover but I'm sure they do that for groups of girls anyway. We danced the night away and the crowd was drama-free! Drinks were expensive but we didn't exactly pay for any so I can honestly say my low-cost night at Tao was just lovely.
3	The nightclub it self is very nicely decorated, besides that I've been to better clubs. The place was overly crowded, the drinks were ridiculously priced and the music was not to my standard and the bouncers were dicks. I still made the best of it and had fun, but there are better options out there.
5	Whats there not to like, the horror the club is so popular it gets packed GASP!  The lines are insane, the waitresses are insane, the drink prices are insane, the DJ is insane! I love this place!We got bottle service, i cant complain, my service was 5 star!! i had lots of room to dance and i had more drinks than i could handle. The DJs in each room played the best music i heard in Vegas all weekend! I had the time of my life. It did end on a slightly sour note....who puts stairs at the exit of a club are you serious!!!!
3	The stars were for the decor in the restaurant, because frankly it was the most beautiful restaurant that I have ever been in.  It is, like, 3 stories high with open platforms with tables on them.  In the middle is a 3 story high statue of Buddha!  However, the food here was only average.  I did like the appetizers best.  The veggie spring rolls and the deep friend sweet potato were really good.  I also liked the Buddha chicken, but was too full after the good appetizers to eat it all.  However, the night club was one of the worst experiences that I have had in a club.  The club was uber-packed!  We spent over $600.00 on dinner, so we got stamped to go into the night club for free and skip the line, but then it turned out that we did have to go back down and wait in line.  When we finally got into the club, it was so packed that people could not even dance, but were just packed in like sardines.  They had these cheesy almost naked ladies in pools all around, which added to how packed it was.  I did not like the music in the two upstairs rooms at all.  On the way out, though, the scene and music in the bar were great.  If I had to go again, I would merely eat, drink and hang in the bar with my friends.
3	I usually write long reviews, but my feelings on TAO are simple- love the sprawling space- hate the overcrowding (one can only be rudely bumped so many times)- love the one hour open bar- hate the rude people (i swear to you, they're ruder here!)- love the music variety- can't understand the never ending, winding line to get in Overall, still had fun, but the open bar probably has a lot to do with it. Despite the shortcomings, it's still more fun than Hollywood so I can't complain too much.
3	Hit up TAO after LAVO to meet up with friends who just arrived from San Diego. Unfortunately at that point, sobriety decides to peace and we (4 girls) actually paid $20 for cover (if you're a girl, you should never have to pay for cover). Anyways, aesthetically speaking, TAO looks like a giant dark warehouse. Warehouse of writhing bodies. Unfortunately, I did not see the naked ladies in the bathtubs, but the place from what I recall was pretty big. DJ was good, I think crowd was okay. Decent clubbing but I would not come back again. I was having more fun at LAVO!
3	first half of my TAO experience was wackbest friends 21st bday with a group 7.. i guess it was our fault that we didnt wear dress shoes..guest list still long, good thing was one of the bouncers told us that if we come back with dress shoes, hell let us cut the line..very nice of him, it was an asian guy, denny?!me and the boys go around vegas looking for a store that sells dress shoes, ended up at rockport at Caesars. bought my shoes, got back in line..possibly a 30-45 minute wait? getting in was tough, rough tiny spaces walking up the stairs to the top bar area. If you happen to be claustrophobic, your going to have a hard time getting all the way to the top. nice atmosphere and people, drinks were pretty pricey in compared to other places..but i guess its VEGAS right?!went back downstairs and there's a line for that too?! that was kinda wack..as i got down, finnally found my friends but sadly, downstairs dancefloor was so packed, it was really hard to move around. also, 2-3 fights occurred..it just made TAO look bad..but the most amazing and memorable thing that happened that night..LEBRON JAMES walked pass me...
3	Tao was CROWDED..period!  We had table service and still had to wait about 30 min. to get in and we were a group of girls.  the guy groups kept getting pushed back.  we had the hip hop room which is the best for the money.. not jam packed like the main room. room to spread out and dance at the table, and the bathrooms were close.  Nice host, nice waitress and awesome secruity.   I was happy with the club, the stars are low because after 3am they moved our table to the main room and it was jammed packed, and we never saw a waitress again!!!
1	I absolutely HATE this placeAll my friends hyped up this place and said "Its the best club in Vegas, you will have to much fun!" NOT REALLY. It was the worst night of my life! (and this is being nice) Thanks a lot friends! =PI give it 1 star only because of 1 and 2 below but give me a reason to bump up these stars because I will not set foot up here again unless dragged by my best friends.....only if I don't send them to XS first.YES I got in for free with my friends promoterYES I got free drinks before 11YES it was hella crackin' YES I got my foot stepped on every 5 secYES the dance floor is smallYES I could feel the sweat of the person next to meYES there were hella stairsYES Hella confusing once insideYES there is no where you can chill for a minYES the balcony is just as crowed as the dance floorYES the bar floor is hella wet because of the spilled drinksYES the it was hard to get the bar tenors attentionYES I recommend you not to go here!Note: I came here on New years Day, this may have cause the unfortunate events to occur to have this horrible experience. Like I said give me a reason to bump up my stars a promoter, more free drinks, comp dinner? (I wish) but for now my 1 star stays
2	A few years ago I would have gone on and on about how great Tao is and if you we're planning on clubbing in LV, this is definitely a spot to hit up. However, the club has become so overhyped that it is always freaking packed beyond capacity.  Having a good time here solely depends on: 1. if you're drunk enough to not care about people all up in your breathing space, 2. enjoy the sweat off somebody else's forehead on you, 3. don't mind spending about 10 minutes to walk up about 20 steps, or 4. don't mind dying of sweat without even hitting the dance floor. Yes, it was TOO hot and crowded for this old timer.Nonetheless, it is still a beautiful club. The DJs weren't spinning anything out of the ordinary, yet, still did a good job of keeping the floors rockin. As far as pricing, it all depends on who you're with and who you know. Ladies can pay up to nothing at a place like this and fellas only have to drop a a bill or two to keep the night going. Overall, it's ok. Will I come back? Only if I'm forced to.
1	I came here about a month ago & it was my very first clubbing experience ever!  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  The only good thing was that we got in for free.  The music was whatever.  It was ridiculously packed, like shoulder to shoulder & feeling random people's sweaty arms rub against you! YUCK!  There were a ton of stairs & hardly any walking space.  The atmosphere & everything made me feel suffocated.  I will definitely never go back here.  I also hear that the bouncers, although friendly, are lenient & let in people with fake IDs (because I know of people who go here with them & look nothing like the people in the IDs!), which probably adds to the overcapacity!  If you want to have fun & be able to breathe, go to XS.
2	Eh...Came here because my companion's company was having some sort of party to end a convention thing. Waiters were walking around with trays of food and I was starving so I spent the bulk of the beginning of the night stalking waiters, trying to get food. The food was decent but nothing special. I had a few mini burgers, skewered fish, and some other unmemorable stuff. I couldn't partake in the chicken sate because I'm allergic to peanuts (but that's my own fault). There was an open bar for the party so I took advantage, pounding some diet cuba libres (rum and coke) and tao-tinis (dunno what goes into this drink but it is powerful and delicious). We took a little trip out onto the balcony but it was way too hot, so we snapped a couple pictures and then it was right back into the much-needed air conditioned area.There was plenty of seating, little private booths with tables as well as a bunch of U-shaped and L-shaped sofas in the bar area. The music was decent. The DJ played a lot of mainstream stuff (and stuff that I find is too overplayed). A few of us were trying to convince him to play some house or electronic music but he was a coward who was afraid that his crowd would lose interest in the music and deem him a bad DJ. He did drop a few of my favorites later in the night, so I'll give him credit for that.Anyway, once the club was opened to the general public, it got nuts. It was so freaking crowded, I hated it. I got spilled on multiple times, not even by sloppy people, but the sheer volume of people rendered it impossible to hold a glass without spraying the contents all over innocent bystanders. The party people had booked a private spot on the balcony, which was nice, but that got messy too because drunk people do NOT know how to NOT spill (double negative meaning, drunk people spill all over the place). I mean, granted, it's a club, not a museum, and of course, it's Vegas, but c'mon people. Let's have at least an ounce of class and grace.Worst part of the crowdedness was the bathroom situation. Boys are lucky because boys pee quickly and there's good turnover in the male restroom. Sucks to be a girl because instead of one large female restroom, there were 5 or 6 individual bathrooms with a toilet and sink. It was cool at first because the doors have that special fog stuff where you can see through the door when it's open, but as soon as you close it, it fogs up and gives you privacy. However, once the line started to get long, it was horrible. And of course, all chicks take a thousand years in the bathroom because they have to pee, wipe, wash hands, check makeup, check hair, make sure their outfit is still in tact, etc. I wish they had an express line or something; like a bathroom without a mirror for people who just wanna get in, do their business, and get out.I can't comment on the pricing because I didn't pay for anything all night but I can't imagine that this place is cheap. Boys, prepare your wallets, and girls, pump up the charm to score some free drinks.All in all, it was a v. two-sided experience. Fun at first, disastrous at the end.
2	I have been here a total of 3 times..and each time I had hoped it would be better. Friends who visit always want to hit this place up so I get us on the list..I am a good host.The place gets 5 stars for being so beautiful but every time I have been here its so friggen packed and they are always playing hip hop.Thankfully drinks were ok but dont try to walk with them cuz some jacka** will make ya spill it.I would not want to waste $$ in VIP here..there are much better places in Vegas to do that!Hopefully I wont have to take any more out of towners here..
4	If you know someone here yay! But if not good luck, the line is usually long but what club isn't? I've been here about 10 times, it's one of my favorite clubs just because the music and hey if you can get that wrist band (only for girls) you get free drinks. Good things about Tao: 3 Rooms Good music (hip hop, reggae, pop, and if you love house they play that too) Wrist band (if you know someone, girls only) Local girls are free Not so good: It is always packed Line is always long (to get in the club and even the bathroom) Drinks (pricey, so make sure you drink before to get a good buzz and then you can buy a few to last you in a feel good stage) Cost for ladies $20 guys $30 (unless they are hosting an event then it cost more then that). Dress code: yes they have a dress code like any other club. Make sure you dress to impress!
2	The ONLY reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because they do have pretty good sushi.  HOWEVER - the hype about this place is so overdone that the staff has a huge attitude and they do not know how to treat guests.  My husband and I went around 7:30 on a Thursday night.  We were staying at the Venetian (the hotel connected to the restaurant), made reservations for both the restaurant and the nightclub.  After waiting an HOUR we finally got a table.  The place was dark, loud, and the layout made you feel very crowded.  It was difficult to see what we were eating, let alone have a conversation.  We dropped about $400 on dinner (we were celebrating and had a bottle of Veuve).  After dinner was over, we said we had reservations for the nightclub, the entrance to the club was literally 20 feet from our table.  Well, we had to get up, go outside the club, stand in a long "special line" and then wait in another "special line" in order to pay a $20 cover to go back through the restaurant we just left, back up the stairs we just came down, in order to get in.  Pathetic.  When we got inside, it got even worse.  The place was packed (it was only 10:30 p.m.!).  The bouncers were rude, the place was pitch black in some places - so it was a lot of bumping into people.  I would estimate that about 80% of every room in the entire club was sectioned off for VIP.  So unless you are ready to drop $300 on a $40 bottle of vodka, don't expect to have any room.
4	I went in August and had a great time here.  For me, the highlights were the hostess/service and the rooftop level which is actually where the Venetian pool is.We didn't want to wait in line so my group ordered a bottle and were seated at the rooftop level.  Vegas clubs charge for all seating so unless you buy a bottle, you'll be standing the whole night in packed crowds.The hostess was excellent.  She was in charge of four tables so she came by often to make sure we had everything we needed and mixed our drinks.  Even at 10pm, it was almost 95 degrees.  To escape the heat we went down one level and it turned out to be much hotter because the main dance area was jam packed and the air was really stuffy.  Back to the rooftop.  It was hot but at least the air was clear.  A breeze started up around midnight.The music was a little disappointing though.  Just a lot of standard dance hits and classics without much mixing.  The playlist seemed too predictable.  I expected better music on probably the busiest night of the week.
5	It's always a great night at tao, but then I've only been there twice.  So far I haven't paid for drinks or covers but then again, I'm a girl.  It gets super crowded on the dance floor but that's what makes it fun.Get there early at least 10:30 and you'll get in in 15 min.
1	Please, don't believe the hype that this is the hottest club in Vegas... what a cluster to get in.  There are about 4-5 different lines.  The guys running the show are rude, the signs don't tell you anything.  Once you finally get inside, the club is overwhelmingly crowded, you cannot enjoy yourself.  Not too mention pricy!  My buddy got table service in the middle of the action - well, he paid $900 for a night stand and a chair - no room for anyone and completely crowded.  This place is not even worth table service :(
1	Worst Vegas experience ever. We had to wait over 1.25 hrs to be seated for our 9:45 dinner reservation.  Part of the appeal of dinner was free admission to the club, but the rigamarole and parading about to get into the club after dinner completely negated the of convenience of the dining experience.  By the time we got actually got into the club, it was so crowded that we couldn't even find the bar.  All of the patrons were pressed up against each other, drinks were being spilled on everyone, people were being thrown around like rag dolls, guys were getting in fights because of all of the jostling and pushing - even the people who paid for table service looked miserable.  About 30 minutes in, our self-preservation instincts kicked in and we decided to leave, dodging vomit on the way out.  The bouncers were less than gracious, even by Vegas standards - and it was evident that they had no regard for crowd control, capacity concerns, and patron safety.  Thankfully, we did not have to pay a cover charge . . . but it would have been worth it to take the owners to small claims court to get it back!The only bright spot was the food, which was pretty darn good . . . but after waiting until after 11pm to eat dinner, I probably would have been happy with a rubber chicken.  I only give this ONE star because I am forced to give a star at all . . .
2	SMH........... I don't understand why TAO is so hyped up. Yeah I got in quick.. yeah the decor is nice... yeah there are girls with just flowers on their nips in tubs filled with rose pedals.. but seriously?? Place is big, yes it is.. okay music.. but table areas were small. The one thing I really hated at TAO was the bouncers... wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.... I can't say it enough... they are super DOUCHE like.. just this one African American woman that covered the upper level that night. She was just something else.... SMHHHHHHHHHHH...
1	Went here two nights in a row only because we stayed at the Venetian and didn't have to put up with the ridiculous line.  Huge mistake.  I'm sure they are breaking a fire code or three.  The amount of people in that club was insane.  Even the hallways are crowded.  Nonstop bumping into crotches and titties (ok I guess if you're a guy).  Don't even let me start on the dance floors.  I'd rather go to XS where everything is open and you can actually lounge around outside near the pool.Tao, I'm surprised the Fire Marshall hasn't shut you down yet.  But like everyone else in Vegas, I'm sure someone is paying someone off ;)
5	The last time I was here was like two years ago and this place is still crackin'!I was just here a week ago for a bachelorette party, the best guy ever helped us reserve a table and he got us the best table we could've gotten,  a table at the main dance floor. Our table was blocked off by velvet ropes and by our own security guard who kept people from pushing the ropes and basically held down the fort, thanks! A bottle of Belvedere was $475 and we had a $350 credit for anything we wanted, so two bottles of Belvedere it was! So our bill came out to be $811 including tax and gratuity, please keep in mind that they do charge gratuity on each bottle being purchased. Either way it was totally worth it! They played good music throughout the entire time we were there, killed the two bottles within an hour and a half and then our girl gets kicked out. BOOO!!! But, it was perfect timing because we already finished the bottles, so it was off to the hotel to drop off the drunkies! P.S. If you're looking to get bottle service, try looking or asking around for promoters. They'll hook you up!
3	This place used to be cool until XS came out then it was game over.  Lines are ridiculously long but there are better places to be.  Last time we came here Floyd Mayweather Jr. was in town and walked right passed our table.  I didn't even notice until they announced it over the speakers. Lol. There are multiple floors here but somewhat cramped in those stairways.
3	I expected better from such a reputation! I went Labor Day weekend, and my friends got us hookups for guestlist and free cover. First thing I noticed was...why was there so many OLD people? REALLY? 40 year olds desperately trying to reclaim their youth by squeezing into too-short club attire and bumping their booties all about? No thanks. Second of all, music was not that crackin' as the DJ played some awkward tracks that was hard to bump n grind to. Also, he didn't play our song requests. :( As my friends and i were drunkenly stumbling through the crowd, a bouncer gestured for us to stand in a roped off section. We thought we were special until we spied the gaggle of girls sitting around. Pussyfest, no thank you!The bartender did stop me from lighting my hair on fire though. QUESTION: why are there candles at the bar? Isn't that a fire hazard??Overrated but I'm not going to complain too much since I got in free and didn't have to wait too long in line. The bathrooms are also really cool.
4	My second visit to Tao was last Saturday night. It was Labor Day Weekend, and damn it was PACKED! Got in for free b/c a group of guyfriends were staying at The Venetian. The line to get stamped was already long at 8:30pm (btw, the security guys were kinda rude), but once we got that done, we were able to prefunk upstairs.The dance floor was so crowded I could barely move, let alone breathe! I think I had about 4 drinks spilled on me? Meh. But aside from the overcrowdedness.. the music was really good. I was at XS the night before, and I didn't really like what they played there (house/techno). The DJ spinned top40 and hip-hop mixed in with some old school jams -- songs that make you go "ohhhh!!" when they come on. Drink prices were typical of Vegas clubs.. I think I paid $8 for a Jolly Rancher?We left a little early b/c.. people got too drunk, then we lost each other in the crowd.. plus our feet were aching from heels.. ya know.Music of Tao + size of XS = perfect club.Overall decent night, though.
1	Think twice before coming here. Probably the worst clubbing experience I have had. My friends and I were on the guest list, and the bouncers advised us to arrive EARLY. Like, 8:30pm early. Okay, fine, its acceptable since it is during a holiday weekend. We get there to be greeted with a heck of a long line, and on top of that, my guy friends had to pay up $40 for cover. Ridiculous. They were also on the guest list! wtf. We get in and were directed to follow the line to upstairs..which led us to Tao Beach (Connected)--we some how ended up on the roof. It was packed, and decided to order drinks. The bartender was a b*tch, giving us attitude and didn't even know how to make a M.V.P...come on, its only 3 ingredients! Bartender should have done her job to serve her customers...otherwise no tip for you! Almost $60 for four drinks? Screw that, and pre-funk beforehand in the casino. In addition, Tao was overcrowded, over the limit of their capacity space. To get to floor to floor (3 floors) literally took 15 minutes to get by. Once you are on the floor, you had to push your way through and make your way into the 'dance' floor. Some dance floor, because we/nobody could dance. No space to move let along walk two steps. Who comes to a club to pay and stand around in a mosh pit!?Tao is OVERRATED. Skip the "big" named clubs in Vegas, and hit the smaller edgier ones. (Bars/lounges) They have just as good music, with room to actually groove and walk. Skip out on paying a ridiculous amount for cover (for guys) and prefunk before hand elsewhere. We did not a have a pleasant night, that's for sure!Cons:-OVERCAPACITY filled. Fire hazard-Overpriced crappy drinks (Yes, its Vegas, but prefunk instead)-No space to walk-No space to dance -No place to sit-Too long to get from level to level -Long Long lines -Bouncers not helpful -Bartender a b-----Throw up everywhere (They need to clean up people's puke asap!)Pros:NONE
4	First of all.. going to Vegas on a holiday weekend, might in itself not be the best idea if you're gonna complain about clubs, bars, restaurants being crowded and expensive. Everything doubles - population, prices booked rooms, douchebags.  A tip of advice, walk around the casino and guys will come find you to put you on the guest list. Even the Guest list can sometimes be a long line but better than paying to get in and standing in the 11pm line. My girls surprised me with a trip to Vegas for my Bachelorette party in November. We got wrist banded since we were in there early, were set up with a table and $2.50 drinks for 2 hours.. There was 5 of us, perfect to be sitting and dancing around the table while a foot away,everyone else was on the dance floor. It does get crowded on there.. and unless you're gonna pole dance on the platform or get down with 7 other people surrounding you, be cautious.It's a fun place, but don't get me wrong..I totally agree with a few other reviews on the ages in there..It fluctuates and sometimes has a younger crowd, but dang in some tables, old (40 and up) guys, buying bottles to attract 20-somethings, girls. Don't blame them, cause it works..There were never empty spots where bottles were present. Overall, I had fun..and for my drunk ass that night, that's all that mattered. My girls took care of me, I had a blast, got messed up and hallelujah, no hangover!
3	3 and a half stars.  the first time i went to tao (when it was "the club to be at"), walking through the main entrance i saw girls in bathtubs with just rosepetals... girls in lingerie on lounge chairs, i heard there were even girls in lingerie on lounge chairs being touchy with each other but i didn't see that!  when you get in, they have go go dancers on stage and more tubs with girls.  for guys, i can imagine this would be a dream come true.the first floor has a bar and small dance floor -- didn't really hang out there but left that way (btw i think i paid $8 for a bottle of water for my friend there, just buy water from the street vendors!).  the second floor gets super packed... like you can dance just off the dance floor packed and that's probably where you'll usually be dancing unless you want to be crushed.  there's a bathroom on the upperfloor behind the railing.  the bathroom doors are cool because it's see-through until you go inside and lock the door!  the line actually wasn't that bad and it was clean when i went!now, the third floor.  deserves a paragraph of it's own.  SO MUCH BETTER.  out in the open air!  2nd floor is more top 40s, whereas 3rd floor i heard daft punk!  there's a LOT more space.  one time i went, my friend's brother got a cabana... with THAT you are GOLDEN.  good group of people, enough booze rolling through, it's very easy to have a great time!  granted, it sucked when my friend got thrown out, but on the otherhand, it's nice to know that security is quick!  (lol, sorry.)my recommendation: if you're going to go... GO TO THE THIRD FLOOR!  if you're with a big group, you might as well get the cabana -- and yes, like p.diddy cuz p.diddy DID.if you know a promoter and got a decent girl-guy ratio (the latter depending on the previous) you will get hooked up.
4	TAO - it's packed with lots of people, some on the prowl, some looking for a place to stand, some looking to dance.Huge space with multiple bars and rooms, so I guess something for everyone. Avoid the main lines if you can, guestlist line is better. Maybe dining in would make things smoother. That night, the tunes were good, the bars had lines too long but the people were having a good time. I'd come back if the hassle is low. VIP tables seemed useless.The line of people at 1:30AM still paying cover to get in was baffling.
3	3.5 starsTips:1. arrive early as the line gets LONG2. get on the guest list, girls get in for free if you're on the guest list3. 1 to 1 guy girl ratio, so come prepared or ask some people to go into the club with youThis club is pretty cool, but it gets really really crowded, like shoulder to shoulder crowded!
4	Awesome club. Everything you can ask for. Only problem is it kinda gets crowded and sometimes they don't open the rooftop. Still nice enough with two dance floors and a lounge-ish area(still club music). Haven't tried the restaurant part but it is supposed to be good.Also the line is ling even if on Guestlist, so bring a bottled beverage. They do seem to keep it moving tho.
1	Dear Tao Security - You guys can all go to hell.Please don't yell at us for standing in the so-called 'walkway' when your club is so effin' crowded that there's absolutely NO WHERE to go.  And please stop shining your broke ass flashlights on us so that we'll move.  We also didn't like your tone when you actually asked, "Can you girls NOT take direction?"  Eff ya'll.  The only way you can enjoy this club is if you're already drunk, high or both.  Thank you, also, for charging me $6 bucks for a small bottle of Fiji water.  I'm sorry, are you too good to serve tap water?  Oh, right...you probably think you are.  Pass. Seriously. Especially if you go on a holiday weekend.  Just pass.
3	On my trip to Las Vegas earlier this month my friends and I visited Tao Restaurant and Nightclub on a Saturday night. As it was Labor Day weekend, the place was quite crowded. We arrived on time for our dinenr reservations and were quickly seated. Dinner was excellent (in my opinion I would rate dinner a 5 as always). We enjoyed a fixed menu that was being offered during the month of September. The food was delicious, the martinis excellent, and the dessert to die for. What brings my rating down to a 3 was most definitely the club following dinner. Given the special weekend, LMFAO was invited and made the club a disaster. Nothing personal against them, but I got pushed out of the way by a bouncer and had champagne spilled down my back when the bottle for the band was opened. This is not to mention the numerous people trampling my friends and I as we tried to get through to the other room in the club. Suffice it to say, it was so crowded that it stopped being any type of fun. Guys beware of the dress code, no white shoes allowed and make sure you all follow the rules of which line you're supposed to be in to get in.
3	Came here last Friday for a group dinner with the bachelor party I was with.  We had a late reservation (10:30pm).  We arrived early and had to wait an extra 20 minutes.  Reflecting on it, I was initially disappointed we had to wait, but seeing that a group of 14 wanted to eat together and the place was busy on a saturday in Vegas, I guess it was manageable.Once seated, the server was great.  Everyone was relatively hungry and knew what he wanted.  Within 15 minutes of being seated, we had drinks and the food ordered.I went with the raw tuna plate which was fantastic.  I wasn't extremely hungry since i visited happy hour at Stripsteak earlier in the day, so this was the perfect meal to fill me up.  the tuna was cooked perfectly.  not overdone at all.  others got the filet, sushi plates, etc and everyone commented on how well the dishes were prepared and tasted.The kicker with eating at Tao Bistro is that you receive complimentary access to Tao Nightclub.  The group took full advantage of this.  We were given line pass stamps and briefly exited the Bistro and made our way to the club.The bad part of the night was that the club was ridiculously busy.  almost unbearable.  shoulder to shoulder is not fun in any setting let alone people carrying cranberry vodkas and jumping up and down to music.  it didn't clear out until close to 2am, but by then who really cares if it's busy.  All in all, i have been wanting to come to Tao for a while.  I'm glad that i finally had the chance too, but i think i'll spend the my time and money at other clubs in Vegas.  The Bistro part was great.  I think that the servers know people eat there first then later roll into the club, so the meal was quick, which with a group of 14, you can't ask much more to be seated, served, and out of there in 1 hour, which we were.
3	I had never been to Tao before. My cousins were in town for Labor Day weekend and were staying at the Venetian. I figured this was as good a time as any to finally make it to this pretty popular club.When I say "as good a time as any," that's both true and false. Being Saturday night on Labor Day weekend, the place was crazy packed. Fortunately, we were able to use the hotel guest line and it only took maybe 15 minutes to make it inside. Unfortunately, I had to pay the requisite insane cover charge of $40. Oh well. I justified that with the knowledge that my cousins knew some people who had a VIP lounge area with bottle service.After we paid and went inside, we snaked our way up the stairs to the rooftop pool area. With the constant flow of people going up and down that stairwell, it felt like we were still in line for something. Seriously. We finally made it to the top and to cut a long story short, we found our group.I must say that the VIP area really made the experience for me, at least on a night as crowded as that. I'm really not a huge club type person and it was nice to have an area that didn't feel like a zoo of people. My star rating is with that in mind. Tao is certainly a nice club. The outdoor space upstairs felt good that night, as it wasn't too warm out. Overall, Tao gets an A-OK from me.
2	I love how the ladies get in for free and offer free drinks! I thought the crowd was good and the staff was overall great!Unfortunately, I saw my friend get treated very unkindly by one of the security people. She was in the way (it really didn't appear that way) of the walking area. The security asked her to move and she said ok. Then for whatever reason the security just went off on her and told my friend to not have an attitude with him or he will kick her out. She looked at him all puzzled and asked what she had done wrong. She explained to him that he had asked her to move and she just said ok. His response was awful! He basically started screaming at her and at the end told her to shut her mouth. I can't believe how rude this guy was!!! I have never seen a security guy be so rude to a girl. And seriously, she did nothing wrong and was following exactly what he told her to do. Having to have seen this happen...I had to lower down the stars. I would not want any of my friends or any of you go through this. One more thing...when this happened we were in the VIP area with a group of people. Can't believe this jerk treated my friend like this who was in the VIP! Rude, rude boy!
4	I've never eaten here, but have partied at the nightclub a few times... I've had pretty good experiences at TAO, but its quite expensive so be ready to drop some serious cash if you want to have fun. I want here for my bachelor party and 12 guys shared a table with 4 bottles... It was VERY expensive, but had to be the most fun I've ever had at a club hands down. They treated us well, service was great, and plenty of good looking people.
1	The only reason I give Tao a star is the free drinks my group got before 11:00.  However, many clubs give girls free drinks.  I would suggest no one waste their time here.  It is WAY too crowded to do anything but stand up against your friends and others.  The only dancing that can be done is a bit of wiggling due to lack of space.  It might be alright if you can get a table or private space of some sort, but for the average club goer it is a complete waste of time and energy.  The weekend before I had a much better time at The Bank and Jet.
3	Hmm...Tao... I have a love-hate relationship with you!I celebrated my 21st birthday here a few years ago and had no trouble getting in. As soon as my friends and I reached the top of the escalators we were approached by a promoter?bouncer? who asked if us girls were trying to go to Tao and I told him yes so he escorted us outside to the patio area bypassing the line at the entrance. Although we still had to pay $20 to get in, at least we didn't have to wait at all. Once inside, it's very dark. It basically feels like a big dark sweaty box with a small crowded dancefloor and  nowhere to sit unless you got a table. The drinks are mixed well and the songs are what's expected at a club, mostly hip hop. Don't remember how I got up to Tao Beach but I was up there for a bit and it was whatevers. Not that crowded but didn't have that club feel like the sweat box downstairs. My biggest complaint is that it's freakin' hot as hell inside because there's no open area for fresh air to come in and it starts to smell all musky from all the sweaty drunk people crowded in all around you. Yuck!
2	I was told by a friend that after XS, TAO is the best club in Vegas. Methinks not.We made a reservation for dinner because they have a deal that if you eat at the restaurant, you get into the club for free and after seeing the ridiculous line outside, it sounded like a steal. Our reservation was for 11:00, we checked in at 10:45 and the hostess gave us a beeper and said she'd ring for us in 15 minutes. Reasonable. We sat down on one of the white couches they have but this was part of the club also so it was really loud and you couldn't hear a single person.Waiting, waiting, waiting.The club is getting more and more packed. It's 11:20 by this point and our beeper still hasn't gone off. I'm calm and decide to wait a few more minutes. Until I start seeing people who came in long after me getting seated right away. I go up to the hostess and ask her nicely when we're getting seated next. She says we're her next table of 5, so it'll be like five more minutes max.I wait twenty more minutes and see a group of 5 get led to a table right next to where we're waiting. I walk back up to the hostess and calmly inform her that we've been waiting for 45 minutes for our reservation and if we're not going to be seated soon then she can cancel the table. She looks horrified and starts apologizing profusely, seats us immediately, and even offers my entire party a round of free drinks.That's more I like it.Before we ordered, we asked our server about the free admission to the club and he said in order to get that, we had to buy an entree each. We were a little disappointed, but he promised that if we just ordered at least the Filet, he would get us all free admission. We agreed and ordered the vegetable dumplings, sweet potato tempura, Chilean Sea Bass (I died), Filet Mignon, Pad Thai Noodles, and someone might have ordered a roll, but I can't recall.Their food was amazing. That alone was about to redeem my already lackluster experience at TAO.After dinner, we had to exit the restaurant and then get back into another line where they checked our IDs and purses. We go upstairs to where everyone seems to be headed and it's disappointing to say the least. The decoration was nothing special (except for the upstairs bathrooms. The doors are clear glass, but when you close them it becomes translucent.The dance floor is extremely small. Like EXTREMELY. They roped off a different section, claiming it was VIP only. We decided to get off the dance floor and dance a little ways off, but the bouncers told us to keep moving. The bar is in an awkward set up -- right in the middle of the club, so traffic flow around the club is just slow and frustrating. After about twenty minutes of trying to dance and feeling claustrophobic with that many people in there, my best friend and I decided to call it a night.I talked to the same friend who recommended TAO after I went and she swears that I just went on the wrong night, so I'm willing to give it another shot the next time I head to Vegas.
5	LOVE TAO. Love love LOVE!!! TAO has been so good to me over the years, it's given me nights that Vegas dreams are made of.It actually looks like thought went into designing TAO, unlike a million other warehouse cookie cutter clubs out there. I'd bet money on TAO's interior designer and producer being a girl (a certain mistress perhaps?) because whoever designed the place knows what sexy is. Girls know that mystery and naughtiness in a space consists of red lighting, sparkly chandeliers, and hidden alcoves and passageways. It's not some space a guy thought up or else it'd be a chamber of stainless steel, stripper poles, geometric pleather booths, and industrial flooring, or in a word, cold. TAO is warm and feminine and everything that is SEXY. The cocktail waitresses are hot but the dancers are even hotter. Sometimes when I'm on the dance floor I stop and stare at the dancers in awe of their bodies. Their bodies are SICK and they're wearing nothing more than lingerie, shaking like crazy and nothing on their bodies jiggle, WHAT THE HECK. And there's freaking nekkid girls in bathtubs in the middle of the dance floor! Odd but I like it. The promoters that swarm this place are gorgeous too, in a pretty boy douchey way, but whatever. The DJ's play the exact music you want to hear at a club. Everyone knows that it doesn't take much to have a good night, just some strong drinks and great company, but a DJ can definitely make or break it. The music is so good in the hip hop room, there's no way you can sit down and not dance.I've been to TAO so many times and I've been lucky enough to get hooked up with table service in every room. I like the upstairs tables because you have your own private space and room to breathe, the tables by the stage downstairs because you're in the center of all the belligerence, and the tables in the hip hop room because the music is ridiculous. The crowd at TAO is diverse. Girls are dressed to compete and you'll meet people and mingle well.Tips for having a great night at Tao:1. Be a girl.2. Get bottle service, even if you're a girl.3. Get on something and dance. A platform, a booth, on the stairs, anything.4. Talk to people not in your group.5. DON'T go on a Saturday or holiday.6. Lock the door to your bathroom. Or don't.7. DANCE, I SAY, DANCE!!!
4	I had a great time here. I think having a great time at a LV club starts at the door. If you can get in hassle free ( i.e.know someone, have ton of girls, staying at the hotel), it makes the night start off on the right foot.Got in there and the decor was very chique with an Asian flair. I was impressed with it. After admiring the place for a bit, a moment of clarity hit me and I realized it was beyond packed. I am dancing with everyone just to get by them. It is only way to get from point A to bar. Drinks there are what I expected, priced at an arm and a leg. Before I know it the night is over and my friends and I are sobering up at the local Denny's.
5	I LOVE TAO...! It gets crowded pretty quick but still, even then I had a great time. There's one bar with a ton of Buddha/monk statues surrounding it and damn, it was some beautiful decor for a bar. Just one hell of a experience....and also thumbs up for being located in my favorite hotel on the strip....the Venetian! Coming back after me and the boys head back to Vegas (and of course, after Tao beach)
1	We were very excited for Tao as we had heard it was the place to be. We went to dinner there and the food was great. As we waited for our table we saw some of the most incredible looking girls line up for the club.....unfortunately once we entered we realized that these girls were all lined up in the VIP section looking as if they were at the bunny ranch for sale. These were obviously girls paid to be their by the club as there were probably 25 girls dancing next to each other shoulder to shoulder not dancing with other girls or guys...obviously not the way it normally works. Meanwhile the non-bottle service area had some of the most awful looking girls i have seen in vegas....so bad that i had to leave. It is obvious that they make sure they have enough attractive girls on the payroll to stay relevant but that no one really attractive would go there without being promised something in return.
3	TAO is definitely one of those clubs you're bound to check out if you're in Vegas. Maybe not your first time, but you know you're gona want to see it for yourself. I was pretty excited my first time going. Me and my four hot girlfriends got in instantly. Bouncers were chill. Didn't have a problem with any of them. My first impression entering was DAMN, this place is dark. I can't see SH*T! How can you tell whose hot or not?! Or if there's a creeper behind me? TAO is beautiful inside (even though it's dark), but you can just tell. It was pretty creepy when I was walking through and I saw these two model girls practically naked and fanning themselves. They were like statues, but watching you and the only movement you saw was when they brushed their fan or batting their eyelashes. Creepy, but I guess creative. The bathrooms are kinda cool. The doors are glass and you can actually see through it, but when you go inside, the bathroom maid did something, I don't know, I think she pressed a button, and then the glass door started fogging up so you really can't see peeps doing their business inside. So cool. And the girls bathrooms are upstairs which overlooks the club. Gives you something to look at when you're waiting in line. The club itself is really stuffy. There were WAY too many people. It's kind of hard to enjoy dancing when people are pushing through you and shoving you left and right. That was one of the main reasons why I didn't like TAO.
5	Went back to TAO with two of my girlfriends and had a blast! We were on the VIP list that allowed girls to get in at 10pm and avoid the LONG LINE, get a wrist band, and have free drinks for a full hour. ALL I NEED IS AN HOUR. Had the best time and took the best photos. Unfortunately, I was soo tired from partying so hard at TAO that I lost my camera between the LV monorail and MGM. LAME! But TAO is a must... DO IT.
3	VIP with  Free drinks from 9:30 - 10:30 for the ladies on Saturday night. Expect ladies to be smashed and extra raunchy by 10. Expect the floor to be wet and slippery when you're trying to dance, I nearly fell 3 times from slipping on wet spots, and I was sober-ish when this happened. The dance floor was so crowded I had no space to dance, it felt more like I was rubbing on every person surrounding me..I just wanted to dance! Oh and gentlemen, word of advice, deodorant.  I left to go up to TAO Beach because I felt suffocated and had a better time dancing in open space.
4	Over rated club to me, although if it's your first time, definitely go, the decor is cool and there's a few different rooms to get your groove on.  One night I went was particularly good cause the DJ knew whassup but that's about it.  Beautiful girls in bathtubs, beds, etc laying down so there's something to look at for the boys. One thing though, it is CROWDED, and because of that, the floor is sticky with the dumbasses that apparently can't hold a damn drink on a dance floor. About the drinks: I went upstairs outside to get some fresh air and when buying my drink, the bartender JIPPED me 2 dollars AND gave me some shitty vodka that he said was grey goose.  Apparently I look more drunk than I actually am. I called him out on it after tasting the drink and he swore he poured goose, but made me a new one anyway. I didn't leave him a tip either, since he stole that 2 dollars from me anyway. TRY to know someone to get in without a headache or else you'll be waiting in that long ass line FOREVER.
4	Went here with a bunch of friends while at a business conference. We got a table with a bottle of vodka for about a thousand. We paid a little more so we could get to the front of the line and get a good table upstairs. the decor was great, music was good. Dance floor was alittle crowded, but we had a really good time.
3	I'm giving 3 stars because of being on the guestlist to get into Tao for free and to have the girls in the group get free drinks until 11pm. Thus taking into account for the special circumstance. Else, it would be 4 stars for a cheap night out in Vegas.The place is partitioned into multiple smaller rooms, with a cooridor that laces around the dance floor that leads to the balcony overlooking the gondala rides. The decor is nice, very over the top ethnically Las Vegas themed and the crowd is older and more diverse. Bars get crowded and drinks get expensive, so until you intend to preparty or talk to the club about getting there early and getting free drinks for the girls, then you better be willing to pay top dollar.Though not the best club at Vegas anymore, it's still a great spot to hit up.. Typical Las Vegas club.
2	Even though we were on the guest list and got in for free on Kim Kardashian's bday bash... I can't say I enjoyed the night... at all.Firstly, it was crazy.  We got in line about an hour early and we still waited a long time.  It was hot and crowded.  But... but were damn excited.  I wanted to see Kim!So the place was packed.  The decor was pretty awesome and they played some good music.  I was pretty stocked.When we got in, girls got free drinks till 11 so we were hooked up until then.  Not bad so far...Then we decided to hit the dance floor.  Keep in mind, we were waiting in line an hour early and were on the guest list -- but the placed was PACKED!! We literally couldn't dance when we got onto the floor.  I basically stood still but I could feel guys trying to dance and grinding on me ass to ass.  Disgusting.  People were moving around trying to find room to dance also, messing up any groove you can get.  I mean, this was just ridiculous!  Some group pushed and shoved their way in and we told him to chill.  When he didn't, he wanted to throw down!  WTF!  We just told him to calm down!  I almost wish one of us punched him so we would've had a valid reason to leave Kim's bday before we even got to see her...But we left the main floor and checked out the other areas.  The area upstairs by the pool was really chill.  More spacious but no real dance floor.  We chilled there for a bit and decided to look for the other floors.  We eventually found one and it actually had space to dance!  Sweet!  But in just a matter of 5 or 10 minutes, the crowd came again.  And again, more male ass to my ass which was not a very good experience for me.  We eventually left, before Kim got in.  Even still, it was freaking ridiculous trying to leave the club.  We had to go through another dance floor and it was just annoying at that point.I'm giving this place two stars just because they really do play good music and it really is a pretty sweet place to go clubbing.  But man, limit the amount of people who go in!!!
1	This is a great place if you are douche bag or tourist. Why would anybody that comes to Vegas go to a club? Sadly for me, my group of friends wanted to go to Tao. Apparently, there is some secret dress code because I was wearing casual shoes and wasn't let in but the guy behind me was wearing red vans and got in with no problem. I quickly left only to be called back by my friends who talked to another security guard about shoe gate and he let me in. Too bad for me! The place is very nice but drinks are way overpriced. As is everything in Vegas. 15.00 for a Kettle One and tonic. Fuck me! This was gonna be a sober night for me. The crowd is mixed with douche bags and tourist. I don't mind the tourist but I have a low tolerance for douche bags. If you are the club type then you will probably love this place. But I will never return.
3	My first Vegas clubbing experience!My friend was able to hook me up with the VIP line since it was her kuya's birthday, so we got in with relatively no wait and had a table where, as Far East Movement raps in Like a G6, "now bring me two more bottles cuz you know it don't stop." The place is pretty huge compared to the LA clubs I've been to and the music is far better. Hella better. I know my night was made once the DJ bumped Like a G6 in its entirety. Drinks were a bit watered down and pricey, but what else to expect when you're in Vegas? Security around the tables were pretty good. They weeded out all the freeloaders pretty quickly, except for this random old (as in late 30s) couple that took up our space by the wall, but they were taken care of eventually. I was tired and left by 1:30 am, but the party definitely goes on!
3	first time ever at a club. really packed!!!! omg.drinks are like... wtf. 13$ for a shot of patron, andi paid for like 7 of my friends... if I didn't win that money back, I woulda gave this place a 2anyway women are banging. if they're not with their bfs, they're with their girlfriends. (easiest to dance with if you need advice).too packed tho. i thought i was at a rave.
3	Everytime I go to Vegas, my different group of friends want to go to this club.  I am so over this club!!!  Anyway, if you get on the guestlist through certain people, you can either get in free or pay discounted (usually for the guys).  I said if you have guys going with you, your chances of getting both the guys and girls in free is going through a female promoter.  You should also come early because the lines get really long (especially on weekends).       The place is nice.  They have pretty girls in bathrubs and they have these small light shows where the lights burst (looks good in pictures!)  The dance floor by the DJ is small and can get very packed (this is the floor that plays hiphop/r&b).  They have a room that plays trance, etc too.  Both rooms play good music.  If you're with only girls and there's a private party going on in VIP, you can probably get in.  My friend and I did and we got to dance up on top of the couches.     The last time I went was for my friend's bachelorette.  My friend's friend booked a table through the internet, but once we got there, TAO upped the priced by over $120 bucks.  My friends and I were pissed and didn't care for the table because none of the girls except 3 of us can drink, and I drank the most!  We only finished half the bottle, which was a waste...  But because it was my friend's bachelorette, we got the table.  My Vegas friend warned me about the price increase, but I thought the girl in charge of planning knew what she was doing...obviously not!   When my friend and I walked around the club, this group of guys from a bachelors party wanted us to join them, but unfortunately we couldn't (because of our bachelorette...)
5	I read recent Yelp reviews on Tao pretty thoroughly and the number one complaint by far is the overpriced drinks.  The issue with that argument is that it's pretty standard for a night club.  If money is an issue, pre-party elsewhere and come in a little drunk.Second issue is how crowded it is.  Yes, it could get pretty crowded in there... maybe too crowded.  Here, Tao could control a little better, but they are greedy too and want to milk as $ as possible.  But, if I had a choice between few people versus very crowded, I would pick very crowded.I was at Tao this past Friday night for a bachelor's party.  Had a table reserved (for 8 guys total) with $1350 minimum.  Got there around 10:40, and was promptly walked in, and escorted to our table.  In the end, we all had such a good time that the total damage with everything included was a bit over $2800.Yes, that's a lot of money... but if you are willing to shell that out (and it's really not too bad if you do the math), you will have a great time here.  I felt that the service was excellent... everyone from our server to bus boy to security.For a group of guys, definitely get a table.  You can't go wrong... you'll end up spending that much in alcohol anyway.  Plus, you don't have to deal with getting in.. and the club takes good care of you.  If you would rather not do the ladies hunting, then just tip the security guy $20-40 and see what he can do.  You'll be surprised.  Small tip goes a distance.For group of ladies, no need!  Just go in, find a group of guys, and party it up!  They should be providing the drinks =D
1	This nightclub is just an enormous fire hazard! I'm not sure why the architectures thought it would be cool to have a bazillion stair cases when there will be drunk people everywhere... but I hate this place! The bouncers are dicks. On one occasion while I was on the dance floor, a couple of bouncers escorted me out to the hallway. I questioned them, asking them for a legitimate reason for why they are kicking me out. NO REASON AT ALL.Obviously they had no reason to back themselves up because they didn't say anything. Is their nightclub too small to accommodate people that they have to start kicking out people from the dance floor? One star for free drinks for girls. Otherwise, I wouldn't spend a dime on this place.
2	TAO is the hottest club in vegas  Went on a Friday night, paid for VIP no line wait service, glad I did becuz line a wrap around the place. However this club was sooooooo crowded I ended up leaving after 45 mins. If you don't have table service, you have to spent 30 mins at bar trying to get drinks and you have no where to seat and people are stepping on your feet all night and you have no where to move. Bottom line is you won't have much fun dancing on top of people, unless thats what u like.  Club is Overrated.
5	Loved this place! Started off with reservation for dinner for a party of 8. Great service even though it took a half an hour to get our food.. Afterwards we had excellent service i'n VIP . Partied til 4 am with my husband and coworkers of his. Will do it again..
1	The restaurant was great.  Great service and quality food, but the nightclub on the other hand was a bit much for me.We went to the club the night before Halloween.  The crowd was awesome and the costumes looked like most skipped the costume store and went to Frederick's of Hollywood.  Sweet!!But we got there early and there was already a long line.  Even though we were on a guest list many others were on one too and the line was still long.  The ladies were supposed to be free we were informed they had to pay $20.  The guys were supposed to be $20 and had to pay $40 anyway.  The bouncers were rude while we were in line. And told us we had to coat check or throw away parts of our costumes that weren't allowed in, another $10.  I left the line to check the items, then stepped over the line rope to rejoin my group.  Another bouncer unhooked the rope and  told me in a stern voice, " I need to talk to you." He then took an aggressive stance and asked sternly, " What's the situation here?". I told him I had to leave the line to coat check items and was just rejoining my group. He just said ok rudely and let me go back to my group ( no need to apologize for a misunderstanding) in fact a tap on the shoulder and asking me why I jumped the rope would have worked.  Screw that guy.Once inside $23 for a beer and a cocktail.  The place was so crowded you could barely move through the club, let alone dance. We were inside 2 hours max before we couldn't rake it anymore and left.Almost $100 spent to get treated like garbage and packed into a room like sardines. CRAPTASTIC!!!!!  Screw the bouncers and screw that place.
2	For the decor, ambiance, and music I'd give it 5 stars. For the rude staff, overly cramped space, and admission fee, despite being escorted in by a promoter friend, this place gets 2 stars.Came here once with a large group of friends who were all on the guestlist. Our promoter friend was generous enough to help get us all in, but a few of us came through maybe 10 min after the first group. Due to our ratio, and despite our friend talking to the bouncers, the guys still had to pay $30 to get in. Whack! Later on, I got yelled out by a bouncer "for being extremely rude" because I hopped over ledge to try an get to the dance floor, only because there was ZERO walking spaces in the accessible hallways. Maybe he should have done a better job clearing the hallway.One perk of the night was that Tao Beach was open, which is awesome for cooling down and there's a huge sofa bed to just chill, or get ridiculously bouncy and slizzard.Definitely best to get in before 11, because once that time hits, you're going to want to leave because there's no space or room to do anything in the club
4	nice interior...we were with a few appetizers just good..but i am more impressed of the interior...wish there is some bar and restaurant nightclub like this in san francisco or daly city???
5	Decor was beautiful!! We were on the guestlist so we got in fast and free!  The ladies in our group got a wristband for free drinks from 10pm to 11pm.  I will be going back!
5	Hands down my favorite Las Vegas night club...Definitely a hot spot! Every time I visit this club: - My girls and I always receive VIP treatment and are escorted to a VIP table- Always drink for free- The crowd is always pretty good-looking - Leave w/ a smile on my faceNeed I say more? :)
4	Came here for halloween wkend and The line was long as usually. Our group got here after 11pm and thank goodness there was a line for hotel guest and we didn't have to wait long, a big plus! Different floors with different djs spinning = good variety of music! It's seems like a good time at Tao every time I'm here.
4	Whenever I go to Vegas, I feel like I'm supposed to be thinking  "THIS IS THE GREATEST TIME OF MY LIFE!  IT'S LIKE THE COMMERCIALS.  IT'S SO GREAT THAT I'M JIZZING IN MY PANTS RIGHT NOW!  WOW, WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS WILL STAY IN VEGAS BECAUSE I'M SO F*CKING COOL!!!But it never quite turns out that way, though I still do have a good time, as is the case with Tao.Tao Asian Bistro / Nightclub is one of those places that gets so hyped up that you can leave disappointed, especially if you don't like mounds of sweaty bodies rubbing up against you.The food is surprisingly good (because why would a place known for drunk, dancing people serve such delicious entrees?).  The Spicy Tuna Tartare on Crispy Rice, Lobster Wontons, and Black Pepper Filet Mignon with Udon Noodles are absolutely tasty!  My fortune cookie said "Do not let common sense cloud your judgment" which ended up being my night.The crowd in the nightclub seemed to be friendlier than other Vegas clubs.  I started the night with whiskey and red wine, which left me a little moody.  So I switched to vodka mixes and Coronas.  Lots of money flew out of my pocket and plenty of booze landed in my mouth!  Talked with some folks, danced a bit, and the night became what I made of it.
3	Quite simply the best marketed nightclub in Las Vegas. For some reason, this place is always packed, and given the sheer size of this place, I am surprised. Not only is the club incredibly large in size, with massive VIP tables, a great sized dance floor, and copious bars located throughout, but the wall to wall people is overwhelming.Make sure to book your visit well in advance. Cozy up to a casino or club host...otherwise, expect long lines outside. And, there is always some celebrity hosting a party there on the weekends...Even with a new nightclub seemingly opening every weekend in Vegas, Tao is still worth a visit or two during your stay.
5	i had soooo much fun here! i was inside super fast and super easy, but maybe that was cuz i was on the VIP list. and i liked how i got free drinks, but again, idk if thats cuz i was on the vip list. i cam here last month for a friends b-day, and now that i'm 21 :)omg, i am not gay, but the girls here are HOT!!!! i loved how they just had girls lying around, playing with eachother in little bath tubs...fanning eachother...i have never seen that kinda stuff in a club before..and in tubs with only flower petals covering the nipples! lol! i really liked the vip lounge...i probably liked it more than the club itself....because it just seemed like i could actuallly talk there and i met a lot o cool people there. anyways, tao, i love you!!!  :)
2	First I'll review the restaurant: Booo. 1 star only. The food was bland and extremely overpriced for white rice and veggies mixed in with soy sauce. Yuck. I can't imagine how anyone would like their food.The first time I went to TAO was back in 2008, and I was freshly 21. I remember first going to TAO beach and climbing a butt load of stairs to get to the roof. I also remember the crowd being pretty easy and letting me nudge my way through to the bar and getting my orders in before other people who were obviously waiting forever. Oops, sorry.TAO itself was lots of fun until I got myself and my group kicked out for being too rowdy. Lol. Fast forward to the last time I went to TAO. Maybe it was a bad night, but the crowd wasn't fun and I wasn't feeling the music too much. It was so crowded that I was pushed up against people on all sides, and I was literally swept up by the crowd and moved about 3 feet over. Hahaha.I'd go again, since it's always free for ladies anyway.
2	This review is strictly for their restaurant.I was in Vegas for work and we ended up coming here for dinner/drinks. No wait which was good. Sat at the bar area and was promptly served. Drinks were strong and delish. Food was ok. The chinese sausage (lap cherng) fried rice was the best thing esp. with the fried egg on top. The rest of the dishes were not memorable. Overall, it is pricey for what you get. Luckily it was on the company's dime :)
2	Bistro?!?!They serve food here?!?!?!?Nightclub: Cramped and insane. Thank god I'm a girl and got an invite to join a VIP table....otherwise this place would have been unbearable. Which it still kind of was. I thought the whole point of VIP was to have your own isolated area. VIP was just as packed as the main floor. I was out of there in less than 2 hours. Having strangers grab my ass gets old after the first three times.Props to the VIP staff though....they are fun and attentive peoples.
3	I STILL don't see what the hype is all about even with the second time around. It was OK.. I guess it's one of those clubs EVERYONE and they mama's talks about so you HAVE to go check it out. We had no problems getting in which is a plus, zipped through the line but strangely enough we went through this side door and upstairs to where TAO beach is located and then roamed around got a few drinks up there then decided to go downstairs, LMFAO was spinning that night so it was super crowded, so there was a line to get downstairs, thankfully it wasn't too much of a wait. Certain rooms were spinning some goooood music, and we found ourselves enjoying ourselves but as usual TAO is way overcrowded and packed like a sardine can. I don't think I need to check it out anymore after the last time.
3	I got in free and quickly b/c my friend knew someone.The place was extremely crowded. There's literally nowhere to stand unless you have a table...Fortunately, we found a table to sit with upstairs by the women's bathrooms. Ummm...about the bathrooms.Whose bad idea was it to have frosted bathroom stalls? Basically, if a girl doesn't fully lock the door (by turning the lock 5 or so times), EVERYONE (the guys & girls sitting at the tables, the other people waiting in line) can see through the door. I probably saw 4 drunk girls on the toilet that night while I danced at the table...luckily for them, my friends are kind souls and actually stood in front of the doors. The bathroom attendants weren't even aware. Also, when no one was in the bathrooms, the doors were left wide open so that everyone could see the toilets. I don't think that creates an awesome atmosphere.
3	Leave your credit card at the door and pay off the bills when you return home.  If you're coming with a group of friends, you better hope that someone else is the banker.  It's just easier this way.  Like many clubs, there are different sections, each with a different vibe.  Downstairs is more of a lounge where it's "quieter" by comparison.  Upstairs is a sardine can-like dance floor that's 2 drinks away from being a mosh pit.  Expect more men than women and table service is not going to attract women.  Enjoyable but that's because I had low expectations to begin with.Total damage?  $700 for a group of 7.  [Original Visit: November 4, 2010]P.S.  Don't wear polos.  They'll yank you out of the club like ninjas.
4	Hello Fellow Vegas Lovers!!! Read this review if you need a tip on how to get into the club, have an awesome dinner, and not have to wait in line or pay for cover!!This was actually my 4th or 5th time eating at this restaurant and I have never been let down. Here's the deal. If you need a place to eat then party, but are on a budget, this is the place to go. Take your typical Vegas night. If you were to eat anywhere, you would spend about $25+. Add a club then you're looking at waiting in a line plus a $25+ cover charge. EAT AT TAO, and you will end up paying about $30-$35 if you order an entree and water, PLUS you get the pass the line stamp (meaning you don't have to stand in line) and do not have to pay for cover. all in all, eating at tao, you will get the entree into the club for free and save yourself cover, and the hassle of a long line. I've read the reviews where people had to pay cover after eating at the restaurant. ASK YOUR SERVER/WAITER or even ASK THE HOSTESS BEFORE you come in and sit down just to make sure. I have not been let down each time I've ate at this restaurant. I'M ALMOST 99% SURE you will get in for free at the club if you order the minimum of an entree per person by eating at the restaurant. Now, for the restaurant review. I made reservations. They accept reservations on opentable.com. However if you have more than 8 people in your party, you will need a credit card to hold the table. I requested a table on the second level and away from the crowd. I also let the restaurant know that we were celebrating a birthday. I LOVE THE FOOD HERE!!! IT IS AMAZING! The food here is $25+ an entree. Ive had the coconut shrimp, the kung pao chicken, some noodles (can't remember which one we had), and the new york steak with potatoes. all those dishes are DELICIOUS!! my friends had the swordfish and the lobster and they also enjoyed their dish!!! Our servers name was Nate. He took great care of us!!! He was very attentive. The other servers around the area were also attentive. They were refilling our waters and emptying our plates from the table. All in all the FOOD IS AMAZING and I highly recommend this place if you want something upscale and trendy. A downfall for some people about this restaurant is that the music is loud. It has the new york upscale trendy bar/lounge/restaurant feel to it so expect it to be loud and dark. NOW THE CLUB. After dinner, our waiter had this girl come and bring us stamps. We had to go back to the front of the restaurant and go through the security. After getting our stamps into the club, we had to go through the restaurant (again) just to get into the club. THIS WAS A LITTLE RIDICULOUS! I remember before we entered a different way (through the elevators). But maybe this is a fire hazard now or something. Anyways, there are two rooms .The main room is your typical top 100. IT IS CROWDED. Prepare to get run into and have little space as possible to move around. The patio is SMALL. a quick tip to get to the other end of the dance floor or the patio is to go through the hallway right before the main room on the left side. its a small hallway but hardly anyone goes through this way and it'll lead you directly to the other side of the club without the hassle of dancing people. The second room is to the left of the top of the stairs from the restaurant area. Its smaller, but it has good music and more space to dance. Another tip, LADIES if you need to use the restroom and do not mind climbing the stairs, GO TO THE RESTAURANT RESTROOM!! it's faster than waiting in line for the club restroom. =)Hope this review helps!!! =)
3	CROWDED!  Everyone and their mother was on the dance floor. You can roam around and find other rooms to dance in. But I gotta say, It was hard to have fun when all I thought about was getting stepped on, elbowed and shoved around by big dudes. And don't get me started on the wandering hands! People get grabby in there. If you can afford the bottle service, do it. It was hard to ignore the empty seats when my tootsies were barking at me. Added plus: Free slippers for girls with achy feet! The food was good. Can't complain about the service either.
3	This club is a has been... That is All!
4	I love tao! they have awesome service...the girls are gorgeous AND know what theyre doing. and if youre with all girls its easy to get a comped bottle
4	Fabulous with two dance floors and different levels. I liked how each dance floor/level had different music playing. The main dance floor was packed, the bottom floor was more chill and then the other dance floor down the hall from the main one was where I spent most of my time. The venue was very cool with the Asian fusion and Buddha decorations. We waited in line for maybe 10 minutes. And when we left the club, all the girls got complimentary TAO sandals for our tired feet... they already know we would be dancing the night away and going crazy. Definitely a good PR gift. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and party here again! I want to try the restaurant next time too.
2	This is for the nightclub only. We had a group of four guys and five girls. We were on a promoter's guestlist, so we skipped the general admission line. It was the longest wait at a club all weekend, maybe 10 minutes, max. The girls were free, the guys were discounted at $30 (wtf is general admission price then for this club?), yikes.We headed upstairs...we had about 20 minutes of the open bar left. I found an open spot at the bar right away and got a drink. After all of the girls got our round of drinks, we all headed to the dance floor.The opening DJ played old school music...not like good 90's old school music, but like between 2000-2005, that reminded you of high school dances. DJ Vice was the headlining DJ and he was pretty good. People were not joking when they said people are next to each other like sardines in a can. I don't know what it was about this crowd...if the girls here are lightweights and took full advantage of the open bar, or what. But these people were DRUNK. And not even drunk, but ANN0YING drunk. The trapeze girl floating above the crowd was pretty cool. It's a nice looking club, but it's WAY too crowded. I'm not quite sure what the hype is about this club...but whatever. To each-their-own. The only way that I'd come to this club again is if I had a table. 0ther than that, this one can be checked off my "to-do" list.
4	Wow, had a wonderful time at TAO for my first Vegas nightclub! Our group of ten had been approached by a promoter earlier that day and managed to get all of us in--guys and gals--for free! Plus, the gals had an open bar for an hour while at TAO. Crowded it was. That was probably one of the reasons why our group left around 1am. There was barely any room to get my groove on but there are a lot of areas where they were playing a variety of music.The place is massive and, aside from the size of the crowd, had a very upscale, elevated feel. I'd definitely go back, maybe not on a Saturday though.
1	nightclub only: not worth it!we had dinner saturday night at the restaurant (which was amazing) and got into to the club after. It was completely over crowded! (and definitely the miserable kind of crowded) There was no room to move, we were pushed and shoved from one spot to another... we couldn't even make it to the dance floor! Seemed like the only space available was roped off for tables. There was also a huge line outside and they were slowly letting even more people in... could have been really nice if they had practiced a little control!
5	Tao, I love you. This is def a place you have to go to when in Vegas. Theres naked girls in bathtubs right when you enter. Got VIP passes from some random guy walkin down the strip, def worth it. No line. And whats even better is I didnt have to pay for the passes, they were free :D Everyone in my crew got in within 5 mins. Packed with tons of people. Didn't get to go on the balcony cuz there were wayyy too many bodies in the way, but I'm sure it was pretty :) Expensive, watered down drinks. But I was already drunk wen i got there so no need for that. Bathrooms were cool. Looked like a pretty long line, but it really wasnt that bad. & the best part, they gave the ladies free sandals when exiting the club. lemme tell you, this was heaven for my feet :) Heels ALWAYS hurt. love Tao!!
3	They would get a better review if they followed through with their claims. I stayed at the Venetian and being a hotel guest they claimed we got in for free, which was a lie. Inside it was pretty nice (the little I could see) it was so packed wherever you stood you were touching 3 strangers. The music was really good though, and after a shot or few the crowd didn't bother me. The bartender who was helping us was nice, then again the friend ordering our drinks was a very  GENEROUS tipper. My drunk brother knocked over a round of patron shots, just being drunk, and she refilled the glasses.
1	All those good vibes I had for Tao are now completely gone. I don't care how great your decor looks or how hot your bathtub girls are, if I'm going to get elbowed and trampled and crunched into a sardine can, I am not coming here. That is not the definition of a good time to me.
3	Nightclub is great, People are not
4	Suuuuuuper small, but for the ladies, it's definitely worth putting on the first of your night's schedule.  Go walk around the strip during the day to get a pass (or call ahead for guestlist) and get there between 10 and 11 for open bar.  No shots or nicer drinks, but our bartender was cool and gave us whatever we wanted ;) The music's one of the better ones I've experienced as well.  So grab your drinks, boogie for a little bit, and then bounce your way out if you're planning to check out other clubs.
2	Over-rated. Maybe it was a slow night, but the place was a let down. Expensive drinks, in-your-face bouncers, and an average crowd with a 3 -2 male to female ratio... A waste of a $20 cover.
5	Love this place for it's popularity. Although it does get crowded most times, but the enjoyment comes with your company and the help of open bar with good music. I love how celebs come here for all to celebrate with them. This nightclub has created a landmark in vegas's nightlife.
4	Lived up to its hype? Almost. So why the mixed bag? Let's dig in. The decor and interior was luscious, not quite a surprise, let's say, it was as expected. We dined and then went to the club, so this review will be for both.The service at the restaurant was bar none, thanks to our enthusiastic waiter. They kept our reservation, and opening late for dinner until 1am is a huge plus. The food was surprisingly good, being asian, eating asian food in Vegas. I liked that it was not greasy, which is more important to me than authenticity. Their service was prompt, and they had a good selection of less expensive wines. The club -- Pros: great people, good eye candy, way crowded which can be a plus or minus, good energy.Cons: the space: it wasnt very big, one main room, so you'll have to tolerate the music if you aint feeling it. the music: it was the weekend, so top 40 and hip hop with the occasional sprinkling of rock. I would say the crowd, dancers and energy is what makes Tao, Tao. Definitely no turn off guys groping around that night, which kept it classy, and girls all decked out ready to party, priceless.
3	i have a love-hate relationship with this club. but the more i come here the more i like it. the music is always good. vip guestlist usually gets us free cover and open bar from 930-1030. drinks are always poured with a heavy hand which makes it sooooo worth it.
3	Well where do I begin. I've been to Tao at least about five times or so. Not once have I had a bad time there. I see lots negativity towards this place. So let's review. Venue is awesome. With badAss asian decor,color,statues. Very nice. Restaurant is great, good food. Waiters are kinda lazy. But I enjoyed it. Yes, the club does get super crowded. But honestly what else do you expect. It's Vegas! I'm not sure about you people,but I'm from LA. To be honest a crowded club is far better than an empty club. Yes, the gorillas in suits aka bouncer,security,doorman,waitress, can be assholes. But, you gotta put yourselves in their shoes. These are working people who day in and day out. Deal with drunks,fights,theft,spilled drinks on them,and so much more. Sometimes they just have those bad days. Were only human. Shit happens. Yes, drinks are between 10 and 20 dollars. Once again were in Vegas. It's not your home town. With happy hour or whatnot. Expect to fork up some cash. If not drink up before you get it. It's not that big of a deal.I've read about dress code complaints. Really? Come on. Look I love dressing as comfortable as possible. Sneakers, jeans, a casual jacket. A t shirt or long sleeve. But honestly I don't mind throwing on a blazer or some slacks to go to a club. It's only a for a night. Plus you don't have to worry whether the bouncer at the door will second guess what your wearing. Ok as far as music goes. Yeah they can work on better dj,s. Or rotate music from hour to hour. It does kinda suck. One thing I'll admit that is extreme, is prices for bottle service. Although I know it's vegas and I'm sure the prices stay around the same range at other various Vegas nightclubs. I'm not sure this is worth it. I'm not saying you have to be a millionaire,or a CEO of a corporation to get it. But the thought of spending a grand and up is disturbing. Yeah it's not for everyone. And I'm sure people even save for stuff like this. Bottom line you get what you pay for.
4	So we got to TAO at about midnight or so and there were like 50 of us. Since we were on the guestlist and had a good guy to girl ratio, we didn't have any trouble getting in; except half our group had to pay, but it was only $10... so not too bad! Took us 15 minutes or so to get in.Once you're in, it's like a lounge downstairs with booths to sit at; plenty of room and a dark atmosphere. The nightclub itself is located upstairs.Once in, if you walk to the left, you're at TAO Beach and to the right is the nightclub. We walked to TAO Beach and weren't there for no more than five minutes when we were told to leave as they were closed. Really? Why would they close off this area??So we decided to stroll over to the nightclub and this area was PACKED. And by PACKED, you're bound to bump into people no matter where you walk. The dance floor is small and packed as well. There are A LOT of rude people on the dance floor. They don't care that you're standing there, they'll bump right into you and shove you while you're trying to dance. Only thing you can do, push that mofo back! This happened several times throughout the night to our group.They also have a  balcony where all the smokers hang out and it has a nice view of the Venetian and the gondolas in their rivers. Packed out here as well.Overall, nice club but way too crowded and a lot of a**holes.
4	I have mixed feelings about Tao... I'm really not a fan of the crowd nor the over-crowded dance floor, but the perks of being a pretty girl here are everything you could ever want. Tao USED TO BE place to be a few years back before XS + Surrender opened up, but judging from the crowds it looks like it has no problems still raking in the dough. Now that it's a chilly 40-50 degrees outside in Vegas... I've been here twice over the fall/winter season just for the perks + the sake of being indoors, haha. Read on... * Location - At the very front left side of the Venetian if you're coming from the Strip. * Parking - Valet at the Venetian is free (+tip) or self-parking at the garage in the back.  The walk from the garage, is ~5 mins through the Grand Canal shops... even while stumbling drunk afterwards. * Venue - It's a restaurant as well as a nightclub so there are portions blocked off all evening for those dining. 4 stories, but only 3 of them (ground floor lounge, main floor + upper floor) are open for the club, which means there are stairs to climb. The main floor has the dance floor to the right + a smaller room (the Opium Room) + more bars to the left. When available, the Tao Beach  pool area is a more chill spot to actually be able to breathe. High ceilings + Asian-themed decor (rock gardens, statues, candles) make it a classy establishment, but it's the nearly-nude models in the rose petal bathtubs http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOkEVUodMLUxvI0PMI4gQ?select=fe4REZb402x0LYYSL1zePQ + lounging on beds that really grab one's attention. * Cleanliness - With dim lighting + dark decor, who knows how clean the place really is... but I have noticed quite a few attendants sweeping up spills quickly. The bathroom was kept quite clean as well.  * Crowd - I haven't been to Tao as a nightclub during peak season... but compared to the attractive clientele of Tao Beach during the Summer, I'm not a fan of the people I mingled with here recently. It's a mixed crowd in every way, + even though I have a creeper radar on high alert, I still can't get over the times some pervert would try to cop a feel when squeezing by. Gross! And the fact that it was just TOO CROWDED for comfort doesn't help. I'm one of those girls who likes going up to dance on raised platforms or stages if possible just to have the space to do my own thing without having to worry about unwanted attention from guys... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOkEVUodMLUxvI0PMI4gQ?select=pD2bvCivQ5Bwixh-P6sErA But if you're just here to get plastered out of your mind + ogle the voyeur models, then the crowd doesn't matter too much anyways.  * Music - Other than being too loud, I didn't notice really what was playing. I have yet to experience a bad DJ in Vegas so whatever mix of hip-hop, top 40's, dance beats, etc they had playing is good enough to get my hips swinging. * Bar - There's at least 4-5 of them so everywhere you look, there's a bar... along with a thick throng of people crowding around it for a drink. * Drinks - I don't have first-hand knowledge on the prices since I haven't had to pay for a drink here, but they're your typical Vegas prices that start a little under $10 for beer/shot + then over $10 for mixed drinks. For the ladies VIP open bar hour, only simple well-drinks are available, but the bartenders make them strong all night long.* Bathroom - Upstairs in the main room above the dance floor is the women's bathroom that everyone talks about where the glass is transparent while vacant then fogs up to become opaque when occupied, but the line for this is ridiculous since each stall includes its own sink so girls take more time doing their thing. Do yourself a favor + use the normal, less-crowded bathroom to the left of the bar in the Opium Room. The doors say Ying + Yang on them... women's is on the right. * Price - Guestlist doesn't mean much in Vegas because you'll still be in line forever + cover price can still be be something like $30 min for guys. GIRLS, get in contact with a Tao promoter + the only money ever leaving your hands all night is tipping the bartenders. They hook you up with the VIP wristbands http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOkEVUodMLUxvI0PMI4gQ?select=kJ9qbdfhN7nyoY4WO1MeKg  that not get you escorted you to the front of the line but also open bar from 10 -11pm Th + Fri, or 9:30-10:30pm Saturday. Talking to the right people can also get you free drink vouchers to use all night... 3.5 stars rounded up for being so hassle-free. And you know what the BEST part  was actually... complimentary Tao flip flops that the bouncers gave us once when we left at the end of the night!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOkEVUodMLUxvI0PMI4gQ?select=ISEMeKdloRM8j4d-qSL1Tg With pink text saying "Always a happy ending" across the top, whoever came up with this marketing idea is a genius!Thanks for spoiling me, Tao... ;)
4	Overall rating: 4.3 stars!Was the night club me and friends decided to go to on a saturday. I was surprised to see how packed it was. We arrived at around 11:30ish or so and it was still extremely packed with long lines. I was a bit worried that we weren't going to get in! But we did. What I hate about this club was that I had to pay $30 to get in, girls get in for free, even though I was on the guest list. The club inside was like none other though. Venue was very nice. Lots of ladies and gents. Another thing I did not like was how packed this place was. The dance floor was so packed, there is no way that you can really "dance". People were all shoved around and I spilled my AMF that I bought(which was expensive as hell. Around $13-$16?). By 2-3, it was still packed. This place stops poppin at 3ish, when the clubs about to close.So what I liked: two dance floors, ladies, three. DJ's were alright, not the best but kept me goin for awhile. restroom was nice, which is a plus. Lots of asians... Dancers were HOT HOT HOT.OVERALL: I'd give this place another GO when I am back in vegas. Hopefully by the end of this month. But I'd like to check out other places if I can, but I would definitely keep this place in mind.
3	This place can be a headache.  It's really nice and decorated well from the entrance and the waiting area/line, but it can get way too crowded for no reason.  For the females, that one hour from 11 pm to 12 pm is PRECIOUS.  If you are there with male friends, you'll constantly be hugging the bar and trying to give out your drinks to your male friends and also downing some for yourself.  Once 12 pm hits, the club is packed in both dance rooms and the space is LIMITED.  The whole point of loosening up and having fun cannot be spent well at TAO if that's the kind of night you're going for.  Upstairs at the outdoor area is still pretty crowded too, so there's not much you can run away for open air and space.  However, the magical bathrooms upstairs are a definite plus.  The doors amazed me, and the attendants working the bathrooms lines are very attentive and helpful to everyone.
2	Sorry, but Tao is just overrated =/Yes, it's crackin... but to a point where it's waaaay too crowded and seriously becomes a fire hazard...you really can't dance at all here.Also, the bouncers there are so rude!! That is all.
3	I've actually gone to TAO a couple of times while I was in Las Vegas and I've always gone back for the ladies' free drink, open bar, multiple dance floors and beautifully decorated theme. But, it wasn't until this last Saturday did I really sit down and ask myself, why do i keep coming back to this place out of ALL the nightclubs in LV? The wait was really long, but thats expected. But what made this such a unsatisfying experience is the amount of people they let into the place. Dancing was impossible and no amount of alcohol can help you ignore the ass-bumps and grinds, shoving from people trying to get in and out, or the suffocating heat. The bar is crowded, so if you don't have table service expect to wait a very long time. I was on the guestlist, so my group didn't have to pay. But even with it being free, it was not worth it. Crowd-wise: if your into asians, this is the place for you.
2	I'm not really a fan of this club. The layout is not very well designed. I feel like I spend most of my time just climbing up and down stairs getting from one level to another. For that, my feet are not a fan as well.They really overcrowd this club and the fact that it's often overcapacity, makes the experience that much more miserable. There's is no breathing room, and more importantly, there is no room for me to get my groove on. When I'm here, I often feel that I'm either moving to get out of someone's way or pushing passed someone to get somewhere else. There are definitely better clubs in Vegas...
4	The Definitive Guide to Having a Great Night at Tao (for a guy!): - Guest list + 1:1 ratio + correct dress code (jeans, collared shirt, dress shoes) + getting there around 9:45 = free cover! Otherwise its $20 (not too unreasonable). Just get there early and don't slack off for prepartying or eating. - Go with cool female friends. If you're all cool they'll spot you drinks during open bar. Last weekend one girl got drinks for our whole group (6 guys). Didn't pay for any drinks and only minor prepartying required. - Main dance area is crazy nice for dancing even when crowded, back rooms are darker and great for chilling and meeting random friends! Overall club is on the darker/mystic side just fyi.- DJ is good, never been disappointed with the music here. Gets my blood flowing and gets everyone pumped up.- If the entrance stamp washes off, tell the bouncer and they'll let you get a new one so you can come back in and out. Be courteous with them and they'll respect you.- Be safe, walk to the club or dish out for a cab fare so everyone gets home safely =)Good luck and see you on the dance floor!
4	A few friends and I went to Tao on a Friday night. The girls got in for free and the guys had to pay a cover charge. There's a supposedly a free open bar till 11pm, but the line outside is soo long that we got in at around 11.15pm and missed it. I liked the lounge area, it was chill and not crowded, but the second floor where the dance floor's located is crammed! And the music is def. not the best out there. I still had a good time though. Some of these bartenders are SUPER fast that you're amazed by just watching them mix drinks!
2	2 stars? Tao?No, this isn't an error. Yes, Tao is where all the celebs go to party in Vegas. It was also the same restaurant Scott Disick shoved a $100 bill down a server's throat.However, if you're not a celeb....be prepared for:- A packed dancefloor-Lame music.-Ed Hardy Douchebags.Okay, seriously. What's it about Vegas and the dresscode for dudes? It's like all of them had a mandatory orientation when they got there telling them they have to look like a busted version of Pauly D. High emphasis on BUSTED, because I love Pauly D. But then again, what do you expect...it's Vegas! So that part can slide.I must admit when I first went to Tao I was really excited because HELLO it's TAO! I was also excited that a random promoter for the club approached my gals and I for VIP Tix and when we arrived too  late, they let us jump the line. I felt like a SOCIALITE!The decor is cute, girls getting paid to sit and look hot while they bathe in the rose-petal mini-tubs or mini beds along the wall. The Buddhist theme is cute, however I'm surprised noone's ever complained that it was offensive. The billboards promote this place as a "religious experience".Anywhoo, after being mesmerized by the theme, I was hit with the reality that this place is NOTHING special. The main dancefloor was so packed. No joke. It was like everyone was grinding with eachother. There was really no point in dancing either since the music was whack.The other room is more spacious, but the music is whack too.I've been to this club on three different occasions. My first time left a bad-taste in my mouth, the others got somewhat better. The plus about this club is IF YOU'RE A GIRL GET THERE BEFORE 11PM FOR THE OPEN BAR!!!! Okay so basically it's any vodka drink with a mixer but really...who cares? I have been here for dinner and it was pretty good. It's pricey but the dining experience is great.Unless you fancy. My advice for the ladies is to go here to pre-game then hit up the other clubs nearby like XS, Pure, Tryst or Jet. You'll be nice and toasty and you won't have to make the same mistake I did and buy that $18 glass of champagne at the aforementioned clubs.
1	OVERHYPED. NOT WORTH THE WAIT.Okay, I admit it was our fault for arriving late, but the line was ridiculously long. Even though we were on some kind of guest list, we had to wait. By the time I got into Tao, I was sober. I bought three shots, which were $12 each. I was told they were buy one get one free, so I got 6 shots for $36. I handed the chick $40 and she walked away without giving me any change. I was definitely gonna tip her, but the fact that she assumed that it was her tip pissed me off. I definitely wouldn't have had a problem with tipping her if she had the courtesy to give me my change. I cannot believe I paid $40 for shots of weakass juice. Ugh, I still feel so gypped. Plus, it's crowded as fck here with no where to sit unless you get bottle service. After I stood in line in four inch stilettos, I would've liked a place to sit or at least something to lean on! Whatever, I'm just glad we didn't have to pay cover. Not planning on returning to Tao anytime soon, that's for sure! Nope, not even for Kim Kardashian!
5	This review is strictly for the nightclub.  I didn't even know you could have dinner there.  To me, the best club in Vegas.  The music seems to be amazing every night.  I've heard the DJ's are from the Bay Area and we all know Bay Area peeps know their hip hop.  The dance floor is big enough, the VIP areas are not to over consuming.  They have the hot girls in tubs wearing nothing but flower petals.  There are two different rooms of music.  Bartenders are usually friendly.  The outdoor area has a nice view of the strip.  I just always seem to run into fun people there.  TAO gets my vote as the best in Vegas!
4	My friends and I got to Tao just before 11PM.Did we have to wait? Probably for like 5 minutes. Yes 5 minutes! We were a group of 5 girls and 4 guys? or was it 3 guys? Anyways, we got on a guestlist before hand. The promoter gave all the girls free passes and the guys were only charged $10 to get in. Not. Too. Shabby.Tao was a great experience. The music was bumpin',  the crowd was going crazy, the go-go dancers were entertaining and the bartenders were pretty nice. I definitely wanna go back to Tao. I already miss this place!
4	Best night: FRIDAY. They are known to be the club to go to on Friday night. I might be pampered because I have an amazing promoter who takes care of my party but I can say this is the club to go to (at least once if you are in Vegas). Like anywhere in Vegas, always easier with a larger ratio of girls. There are two lines (guestlist line and all girl line). Admission I believe is $20? Downstairs is the restaurant and a bar/lounge area. Upstairs is where the club is at and is two levels (second level has tables and the restrooms). Music is good and I know TAO is known to be the "asian club" but the three times I have been to Vegas (and at TAO), the crowd is pretty diverse. I always have a great time here.
2	How this place doesn't get in trouble for being over capacity, I do not know.. Fairly sure I would have gotten trampled to death if a fire broke out.  Nowhere to sit, no where to dance. I felt like a sardine! We stayed for about 30 minutes before we were officially annoyed. Really glad I didn't pay to get in. Too bad because the decor was pretty and I was kinda into the old hip hop they were playing. Still, I wont be back.
2	Tao is currently the hottest and trendiest spot in Vegas. I don't actively go to places because they're trendy and I don't actively avoid places because they're trendy. I care about the food.Day 2 ended with a visit to this hot spot. Tao is both a restaurant and a nightclub. We had reservations for 9:15 and a good thing we had reservations because this place was packed and a long line for the nightclub had already formed. We marveled at the fact that people were already lining up before 10 pm. RESTAURANT REVIEW (the nightclub review will be below)After waiting a few minutes, we were seated along the side of the restaurant  with corner bench seating, which I loved because we had plenty of room and a good view of what was going on. Or at least we would have had a good view if we could see what was happening because it was one of the darkest restaurants I've ever been in. Dim lighting for romantic ambience = good. Only candles for light when you need to read the menu = bad. The table next to us was prepared and a guy pulled out a flashlight and accidentally blinded my friend in the process when he wasn't too careful with the beam of light. We wanted to start with cocktails and appetizers, but oddly everything came all at once. I particularly loved my cocktail, Lemongrass Cooler, which is made of citrus vodka, oolong tea, and lemongrass syrup. It was light, crisp, refreshing, and utterly delightful. It's the perfect summertime cocktail. The sweet potato tempura was delicious. The batter was crispy and light and not at all oily. For my entree, I had the soy glazed salmon with udon and spinach. When the waiter didn't ask me how I wanted my salmon, I was a bit concerned. Either the restaurant firmly believed that there was only one correct way to serve cooked salmon (medium = good) or they were so used to tourists' unsophisticated palates that they're very conservative with how they cook it (well-done = bad). Guess what I got. *sigh* Overcooked dry salmon on top of overly soft, overly cooked udon noodles. Although I could be talked back to Tao for drinks and appetizers, I'll do dinner elsewhere.***********************NIGHTCLUB REVIEWAfter dinner we decided to check out the nightclub. I was starting to get annoyed by the pretentiousness of this place. If you eat at the restaurant, you can skip the ridiculously long line and the cover charge. But in order to skip the line, someone stamps your left wrist with "Line Pass," then you leave the restaurant to go stand outside in a line, albeit much shorter, in order to get another stamp on your right wrist that says "Tao." Why can't you just give us our "Tao" stamp right at the table? BTW, coat check is $5. At 10:30 the club was already packed and hopping. This was the most crowded club that I've ever been to, regardless of the time, much less way before midnight. It was unbelievable. We were packed in on the dance floor like sardines. The official crowd capacity is 1300, but we're pretty certain that it was over that. I hate to be at Tao if there were a fire. I'm sorry, but that place is a death trap with so many people and narrow points of entry/exit. What's it like partying in Vegas at Tao, the hottest spot? Ho hum. I guess it's great if:1) You're under 25. The crowd is awfully young.2) You're a guy over 35 with low self-esteem so you can only handle a silly young thing.3) You think Jersey Shore/B&T (Bridge and Tunnel) is the height of fashion. No one looked sharp. Most looked really trashy. Quite frankly most the people would never make it off the line in New York or Miami.4) You've never partied in NY or Miami. 5) You (girl) want to be molested.6) You (guy) want to be emasculated in front of your friends, which by the way the fastest way to achieve that is to grab a girl by her waist from the back, catching her unaware, and start grinding her. If that girl is a p***ed off NYer, she'll rip you a new one. I do have to admit that the music was great. The DJ played a really terrific selection and mixed them creatively. When we left a few hours later, the line to get into Tao was a labyrinth around The Venetian. As for me with Tao, show me "the way" out of here.
2	Go to TAO if you like:- super long lines- being herded like cattle- getting pushed around inside the club- a lot of smokeSo it was my friend's 22nd birthday and she wanted to spend the night at TAO, so of course, we all had to go. Even though we had gotten on a guest list, it only guaranteed that we didn't have to pay, which was nice, but the line was still really long; it looped around the walls not once, but TWICE. After waiting for over an hour, the guys in charge of the line moved everyone around in groups and kept telling us to move closer together or into random corners. I honestly felt like a cow the way they were herding us.Finally, we entered the club and immediately had to go to the bathroom after standing outside for so long. First of all, the bathroom doors had yin and yang signs. How the hell are we supposed to know which one is for men and which is for women? Also, while we were sitting in front of the bathroom doors waiting for the rest of our group, one of the security guards near the bathroom told us we had to leave because we weren't allowed to "hang out" in front of the bathroom. So why were there chairs there?!So we decided to go upstairs and dance/drink a bit. The first thing I noticed after getting upstairs was that it was PACKED. Attempting to get to the bar was so incredibly tedious. The bar area was also a smoking area, which I think is a terrible idea because all the smoke just hangs in the air because of the lack of ventilation. I felt like I was choking the whole time.When we finally decided to go dance, the place was just so packed we could barely move. Don't even think about dancing because I couldn't move at all. I was right up against other people and getting pushed all over the place because people were trying to move around and walk through people and OMG it was just horrible. After only about 45 minutes, we just decided to leave. We were tired, not from dancing, but from standing in line for so long. Nobody could dance anyway and the drinks weren't anything special but pricey, as with any other nightclub.Why 2 stars? The music was actually decent. Too bad I couldn't dance to it. The decor was also pretty cool. Too bad the rest of the clubbing experience didn't match.
4	I love this place simply because I've never paid cover to party and I've always had a great time. The club space and the theme inside is amazing. They also have three main rooms that play different beats through the night. Their staff is not the aggressive type that are just looking for you to trip on the floor and blame you of being drunk to kick you out.... Actually, sometimes... but in my last times at TAO they've been really cool. By the way, if you're reading this and you want a hook-up for admission and/or tables, please message me and I will send you the right way. TAO is a bit pricey at the bar so expect to make it rain for the bartenders. Then again, all drinks in Vegas clubs are expensive. Every night I've been at TAO has been a great night that I will always remember. I know people complain about long lines and getting pushed around but I guess it's not the same when you're VIP.Shoutouts to Mike Nagar and the CrowdContrlowCrew!
3	The best thing about this club is having Sir Charles Barkley's bouncers toss 22 members of our crew aside like a rag dolls. Taking an elevator 2 stories up is really a dumb gimmick. I don't know how I feel about having girls in lingerie massage each other at the entrance or bathe in bathtubs of petals. I mean I love it, but I don't love myself for loving it. Know what I mean? Anyways, too loud, too packed, not enough elbow room. Either I'm getting too old for this or I'm getting too old.
5	LOVE this place. One of my relatives works there, and she is just the sweetest! The deserts are always off the chain and the atmosphere is delightful. Even my little brothers
4	Why hello, Vegas nightlife.  Nice to meet you. :]  It was Friday night and my friends and I came to dance!  Our ratio was totally horrible (5 guys, 3 girls), but with the proper hookups we got in VIP with 2 complimentary drink tickets/person (guys $15 and girls free).Straight to the dance floor!++The Venue++ Decadent decor for those who want to sit and admire the scenery.  There are 2 rows of random sinks when you enter the club.  Use these to wash your hands after touching too many people, lol++The Dance Floor++- Young, hip crowd (mostly Asian)! - Well ventilated dance floor and spacious enough to maneuver through- Good use of aerial space: there was a woman who floated over the crowd, go-go dancers lining the walls, and bubbles falling from the sky!- The bouncers were kind enough.- The DJ on the main dance floor that night could have been better. He covered the Top 40's, sure, but if you know anything about DJ-ing, it's all about smooth transitions between songs.  This guy used "PUT YOUR HANDS UP" and the blaring police siren sound clip transitions WAY TOO OFTEN.  It totally sends your ears ringing and sounds terrible.- TOO MANY guys trying to grab some ass here. ++The Bar++I ordered some fun drinks, a margarita and sex on the beach, with my drink tix. Quick service and the bartender was always down to hand me a glass of water.  A nice fellow bought me a vodka-redbull ($16) and that drink packed a punch!  I couldn't even finish it.  Overall, TAO is a pretty sweet place to enjoy a night in Vegas.  So much novelty in this club.  It's worth a look!
3	Not sure how to review this spot, great club, cool decor, upscale crowd and decent music. BUT, they cram way way way too many people in here. at 11pm you couldnt dance or walk around or get a drink, it was like you filled a 300 person venue with 1000 people. way too crowded to enjoy its full potential.
2	Great Decor, zero character.The lounge area when you first walk in to this beautiful locale is great.  It's a perfect spot to soak in the lovely sights and enjoy some drinks.  If only the whole place were like this.  Unfortunately once you're in the lounge, you're only a few steps away from the epicenter of the douche universe.Yes the decor is magnificent, but besides that this place reeks of mediocrity.  On the weekends, they allow way too many people into the club.  It gets so packed that getting to the bar and around the dancefloor becomes a nightmare.  As far as the music, expect to hear your standard mix of hip hop and house.  The sound system is pretty impressive, as bass and trebble shake the floors all night.  Vegas nightlife on the strip best suits the wealthy and connected.  If you know someone here, or you'rea large group of girls, your experience will differ.  Buying expensive bottles and having a table for your group is the way to go if you can afford it. Otherwise, prepare to wipe off the cool water cologne and hair gel, since you'll be getting bumped into by the douchiest people in Nevada all night.  There are other clubs in town that do not feel as packed, have better music, and provide a better experience.  Come here for dinner, and go somewhere else after unless you're ready to drop big money.
4	Some of the best music clubs in Vegas.  One of the most packed and hot places in Vegas, which makes this place deadly to go to in the summer.  Bring a towel.  Spin it around your head like a helicopter.  Just kidding, kinda.If you don't know anyone to hook you up with anything at TAO, like it seems everyone does, you could at least go down to the Taxi booth and ask them for any comp cards that might get some girls comped and guys down to $10 instead of $20.  That helps, right?  Try and keep a lookout for nights where they have open bar for the ladies from 9-10?  or maybe 10-11.  Something like that.  There are insane amounts of people here though, let me repeat, insane amounts of people.  It will be moist in there.  HOLLA!
3	This club is one of a kind nightclub. Filled with fascinating things. Girls bathing in a bath tub, girls in cages, frosted bathroom windows, Buddha artifacts, Pool at the top of the nightclub, several rooms, and there are more... I just can't think of it right now. I love this place. It's too bad that the main dance floor is always super crowded, thank god for Tao beach. Any who... The lines ate super long at the bars, but you will eventually get a drink. Have fun guys... the bouncers love girls... (= BTW if you want to get in faster make yourself noticeable and ditch the guys! they Will hold you back.
5	Buddha saw me do some questionable things. I'm not buddhist but I imagine that grinding on someone infront of a Buddha statue (they have a ton all around) is like grinding infront of Jesus on the crucifix. YEAH ummmm... hope he closed his eyes. lol. roomy club. i love all the levels. with how crowded the lines are outside i didn't anticipate so much room to lounge in. Always a plus. The atmosphere is great. They play a mix of hip hop and pop. You probably won't even be thinking about the music once you're F'd up. my friends and i had a lot of fun.. from what i remember anyway. again, watch out for Buddha because he's watching!
4	Very swanky club...great atmosphere and theme...if you are a Venetian guest you can get on the VIP list and in free
4	this is a review for the restaurant only....got a comped dinner here with some of my girlfriends. we got hooked up! the dinner had a little bit of everything and honestly i couldn't even tell you what some of it was. there was some sushi, vegetarian fried rice, shrimp wontons, salad, edamame. it was a very generous dinner, way more then we expected. our server was f-ing fantastic. he brought us a round of shots in addition to our cocktails and was like "drink up bitches". LOL. love it. service was great, they were really on top of it making sure that plates were cleared, water glasses were filled, etc. i would definitely consider coming back as a regular patron. =)
4	I had soooooooo much fun here! :D This was one of the only clubs we went to here so until I come back to Vegas, this is my fave Vegas club:) Music was great, atmosphere was great, people there were great..it was all around a great club lol
4	Probably my favorite club in Vegas. Always had a great time here (based on 5+ visits). Great DJ's, plenty of room, and always fun. I recommend Tao to anybody trying to get it in!ALSO: The rooftop setup was bangin' too!
1	Ok here goes.....brace yourselves....it might not be pretty....This place is freaken disgusting. Who wants to go to a club were it's so crowded you feel like standing sardines, risk getting elbowed in the face and have nasty  drunk girls look like they are doing the Buddhas on the walls??? I get that clubs get crowded and there are drunks but this was just a health code violation AND a fire hazard. Even with VIP it sucked. The music was great tho...couldn't get a drink and didn't really bother after witnessing the madness that surrounded me. OMG and what was up with the line to the bathroom????? Day-Um!!!!I thought clubs in Vegas were suppose to be on and poppin??? WTF!!!Here's a solution: DON"T LET EVERYONE IN THE CLUB ALL AT ONCE!!!If Yelp had zero or half a star that's what this place would get.Save your money and time and head over to Xs in Encore and Pure in Aria....now those are clubs!!!!
2	Wayyyy too crowded for comfort. Must not leave VIP, must not dare the crowd...Great music though!
1	Gross.  A dump.Go to XS, much classier.
4	The place is amazing! I loved the atmosphere and the decor. It is quite massive but they pack everyone in there very close together. We had reservations and we didn't have to wait long for our table, even though it was a Saturday night at 7pm. The food was delicious and the staff were very friendly, fast, and knowledgable.
3	Out of all the clubs I've been to, TAO wins at being the most OBVIOUS about who they're letting in. I know it's Vegas so clearly huge groups of gorgeous girls have a major advantage when it comes to skipping lines, but do you really have to make it so obvious to those who are standing in line forever?? :( There's about a million lines, okay more like one giant line that loops around forever and doesn't move, probably because there's a million ENTRANCES to the line! It seems like every time I saw a group of girls talk to some bouncer, they magically got to cut in somewhere. Okay, now that that's out, onto the rest of the review?I honestly didn't wait in line too long, it just bothered me because you can see everything happen in the huge open space in front. The bathtubs near the entrance were puzzling! I mean they were pretty, I guess they were so pretty that I didn't notice the girls lounging in them like all the people around me. I must be blind! The inside was very crowded, much more so than other clubs. It's near impossible to try to get back to your group of friends if you leave for the bar or restroom. It's so crowded that it's impossible to fend off the hordes of guys who just don't get the hint when girls don't want to dance with them because you're stuck so close that you have no place to push him away to (which makes me wonder, how did he manage to push through the crowd to reach us??) It's so crowded that if your feet are hurting so bad from being pushed from all directions while trying to dance that you could take your shoes off and just stand there (while surrounded by a tight group of friends bc strangers would most definitely stab your feet to death). Speaking of removing shoes, I took mine off for two seconds on the side just to breathe, and a bouncer immediately found me! Amazing god-like speed! I must admit, he was pretty nice about it. I needed some place to rest and seeing as how there's no place to sit (there never is) I decided to go to the bathroom. The line was ridiculous! The stairs are treacherous and the bathroom bouncer keeps asking whether you're waiting bc apparently people aren't allowed to hang out up there (VIP only?) I feel like I actually spent most of my time out on the balcony, the inside was just WAY too crowded. Though there's still drunk/buzzed guys all around, but I personally find talking to them to be much more entertaining than being grabbed by them -__-Overall, very pretty but too long of a wait to get in to stand around.
2	TAO was seriously whatevers.  People go with the notion that it is one of the most talked about clubs in vegas, but it is not that great.  The music was no bueno and the people there were gross.  There were for sure some creepers there too.I think TAO lets EVERYONE in. One of the only pluses about this club is that they have open bar for ladies from 10pm-11pm on Fridays and 930pm-1030pm on Saturdays.  Another plus is that the decoration and layout is very pretty. There are several bars that you can go to at the club. I believe there are about 3 bars. TAO has a small balcony behind the dance floor that allows people to go out to soak in the view of the front of the Venetian.I definitely do not like how you have to walk up 3 flights of stairs to get to the club from the TAO bistro which is where you walk in from. Girls in their heel I'm sure die walking up those stairs and people who get drunk will have a hard time going down those stairs. I imagine a lot of people have probably fallen down those stairs. The next time I go to vegas, I probably will not go to TAO.
4	We had a great time at Tao!  The place is huge, the music is good, and the drinks are strong!  My only regret is that we didn't get a table - we ended up paying as much on drinks at the bar.  My cost saving measure ended up costing us more in the long run - ha!The line is a little confusing.  Some of the guys at the door are jack asses - so skip them and go to the next one.  Don't take it personally and you'll find a cool one that will let you in more quickly if you are friendly. Ladies typically get in free if you smile sweetly.
5	TAO has this high energy you can't deny! When the faux snow and confetti comes down, the party is just beginning. The place is huge and dancefloor is jammed packed. The VIP section gives you way more area to breathe and the service was so friendly and prompt, they were cleaning up the area constantly. There was also a staff woman that came up to us in the bathroom line and gave us comped drink tickets in exchange for our e-mail information. The tickets were good for well-drinks and Patron only (far stretch, but no complaints!)
3	2 stars. Oh TAO, you never fail to disappoint me. I feel like a sardine squished in a can every time I brave your dance floor. Seriously, can't a girl get a little room to dance? Alas, I'm restricted to awkwardly wobbling around as I try to dodge the overly-persistent drunk creepies you let in.  It's just always too danged crowded here.  On top of that, you still have the nerve to  charge my guy friends cover even though the club is already way over capacity. It's okay though, I forgive you, only because you made amends last time by giving my girlfriends and me each a pair of awesomely-comfy flip-flops as we exited the club.  Best. Idea. EVER. My feet and I thank you.I award you one extra star just for that. I would give another star (really, the free flip flop thing is that great), but that would bump your rating up to 4 stars, and then you'd start getting ideas thinking you're a hot-shot vegas club or something.
3	This place was PACKED. We went late and kind of on a whim and so had to pay $20 cover but whatever. Literally, though, pressing your way through all those bodies was stressful. I thought the size and different levels were cool but I wasn't nearly drunk enough to enjoy it all. The dance floor was a nightmare. Don't get me wrong, I had a good time, but there were SO MANY BODIES. And a couple incidents. Like some nearby rando definitely snuck his hand under my skirt and then smirked to his friend about it. And I got cornered by this black guy who wanted to do the most ridiculous dancing ever. On that note, if it weren't for the creepers/crowd the dance floor would have been my favorite in Vegas so far. There were crazy lights and if I remember correctly maybe even bubbles floating down from time to time. That and I was really feeling the music. By the end of the night, though, I was so exhausted and delirious from my aching feet that when this guy walked up to us minutes after we left I immediately snapped "What did you say?" when in fact he hadn't said anything at all yet, even though I would swear to this day that he had. He was all butt-hurt and walked away and I didn't even have the energy to feel bad about it. LOL oh well. Then outside the hotel some short a-hole named Amillion (I kid you not) spent like 20 minutes hitting on me/trying to get me to come back to his room at the STRATOSPHERE. Yeahhhh I'll pass on that buddy. Overall: Dancing + Music + Venue = yesCreepers inside + Creepers outside + TOO MANY PEOPLE = no thanksBut worth a visit if you ask me.
2	I came here a couple of months ago during the holiday season. It was my friend's first time in Vegas, so we wanted to check out all the clubs. My group arrived extremely early (around 8 pm) and the lines were still ridiculously long. When we got in.. the place was so packed, there was no room to dance! We decided to leave after a hour because we weren't having a good time. As we were making our way out of the club, there  was a longer line to LEAVE the club! So it basically took one hour to enter the club and another hour to depart the club. A little absurd.As we reached the entrance while leaving the club, the bouncers were distributing complimentary TAO flip flops to the ladies! How convenient! I'm giving TAO another star because of this! Too bad I didn't stay long enough because my feet weren't even hurting at all to wear them. They are super comfy by the way! So if you plan to leave the club early, you may be lucky enough to cop a pair of flip flops for your stroll to the taxi. They should have a complimentary incentive for the guys. Possibly TAO condoms? Ha- Ha.........
3	This place is fun... good music but way too crowed they should have a better system here. lines r long to get in, go to the bathrooms & even getting out of the club. The restaurant is nice, good atmosphere good food , good drinks a bit pricey but not terrible.
1	This place deserves no stars.  I was in line for an hour with three friends, finally we got to the front and they let two of my friends and myself in.  They told my other friend to wait.  I politely asked if he would be allowed to get in if not we would just leaave because we were a group.  The bouncer rudely yelled at me to stand to the side.  I did as he said and he kept yelling at me to stand to the side.  Finally we just left. There is no reason to be disrespectful especially when we did nothing wrong.  Not worth the money for the shitty treatment.
1	This review will help those who are considering getting a table.I made reservations for a table with the club days ahead. Getting a table has its advantages. Don't have to wait in line and you have a place to sit an lounge plus room to dance.The table they sat us at was upstairs. I would not recommend one of these tables. You are totally cut off from the crowd and the dance floor. After about an hour we noticed the table next to the girl flower tub and dance floor was available. We had them relocate us to this table. Which was quickly and easily done.The location was great.Ok now for the reasons I gave this club a one star.The pricing of the bottles was grossly overpriced. $650.00 for a $50.00 bottle. Thats really ridiculous.One of the biggest problems I have is the girl that was hosting our table.She was talking to me with a stripper personality. She was asking me where I was from. Once I said LA she continued to ask me if I wanted to get together next time she is in LA. I was there with my girl friend. The hostess didn't care and kept talking to me to get my contact info.I felt this was totally unprofessional.When I payed the final bill, she was persistent that she get my contact. I still rejected her.They automatically put gratuity on the bill. I Ok'ed it and then gave her additional 100 dollar bill. She then said to me that she has to share the tip with the fellow that was helping clear our table. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I asked her; "I am sorry, what was that?" She said again that she has to split the tip. I was in shock.I just turned away. Very unprofessional.After that I knew that these employees are trained to treat their customers and squeeze as much as you can out of them. This girl was hitting on me only to try and get more.After the night was over I had spent $4000.00 on the tables.We left at 3am and some of our friends wanted to stay. After we paid our bill and left, the staff was very rude to my friends and before the club closed I found out the next morning that my friends were kicked out of the club for reasons that are not acceptable. They were only dancing in the seated area and talking to girls and gave my friends problems. One of my friends was actually pulled to a secluded back room. Once they found out that he is a police officer, all my friends were ejected from the club.I think they had some other kind of plans for him by bringing him back to that room.Another situation that happened during our time was that this party was all for a friends 21st birthday party. My friends parents had joined us. Now my friends parents are a little older, but they have every right to be there.His mother was talking to the girls in the tub and one of the girls said to her."Why are you here lady, you're too old to be here"Shocking!My friends mother pretty much told her off and the girl in the tub struck her with her fist.Security came over and pulled the girls from the tub. I agree with all the other reviews.The club was over crowded.The club was very hot in temperature.The line outside was very long.Yes, being a guy. I had to wait in line to use the bathroom. Would I recommend this club? Absolutely not!I would recommend going to Tryst or XS.I think the biggest problem with this club is the management.Training their staff to try and squeeze as much as they can from their patrons.
2	how do i say this without sounding too bitter...?  shitty atmosphere, shitty door men, shitty staff, shitty drinks!!!  my friends and i had dinner at the restaurant, allowing us to get in to the club for free.  when stamped a 2nd time in line, one friend's stamp was barely noticeable.  rather then let her through the next door guy rudely tells her to get back in line.  she says *but the other guy stamped me, just not that hard.*  dude continues to fluff his feathers and yell at us to get back in line, so off we go (we weren't even drunk or obnoxious to warrant that kind of treatment!!!).  the original guy also gives big attitude as he stamps us again.  don't bother asking any of them questions as you'll get attitude and breeze. the club itself is done in a beautiful asian theme, and the dance floor is HUGE, but not when you have a bajillion people stuffed into the place like chickens ready for KFC.  drunk patrons push and shove their way past you to get from here to there, drinks splash all over your arm as people sway around you, and your cute pedi gets demolished from so many shoes stepping on your toes.  drinks are of course $14+ and watered down.  $9 for a bottled corona.i'd maybe, maybe try again but definitely get a booth next time...
3	I've been to TAO twice before, and the first time I was being followed by security because they saw me take off my heels, and were determined to not have me do it again. They even followed me to the bathroom and made sure to tell me befor the door closed. Yeah, I might have been a hot mess from too many drinks (Lol) but that doesn't mean security have to be such a-holes. Anywho, the 2nd time I went I had more fun. It is extremely crowded on the main dance floor, but since TAO beach is open now, my friends and I were able to get out into the open air, and relax our feet out there. I like the decor, and the ladies in the bathtubs with the rose pedals when you walk in, but besides that, it was alright.
4	I've always had a good time at TAO. They must mix the drinks really well, because I always think they're weak, but by the time midnight hits, I'm blacked out, and being escorted out by a bouncer (truth: it's happened twice). The decor is asian-inspired and the crowd is pretty decent looking. I like the music that they play here. The models/dancers are an interesting addition, they're very scantily dressed -only having little flowers covering their private parts. With a promoter, you'll never have to wait in a long line, especially if your group consists of a majority of girls. You can go up to tao beach if you want to escape from the crowd and relax. Like most other clubs in Vegas, the bouncers here are strict, so don't get too loose. Oh yeah, and make sure you lock your door when you go to the bathroom, or else everyone can see through the transparent door while you take a piss.
5	Have to admit, I absolutely loved this place.  Took my 21 year old son and his girlfriend out for his dinner!!  Awesome!PROS:  Nice location, servers were spot on!  Very professional in a                welcoming way.  Bus servers were spot on!  Waitress knew her               menu!  Food was Asian fusion, and it ROCKED WITH FLAVOR!CONS:   I can't be there everyday!!!
3	Honestly, I had higher expectations from TAO considering the number of times I had heard its name and how it was one of the Vegas hotspots.  Now don't get me wrong, it's not a BAD club.... They definitely knew how to make things SEXY with nearly naked women in bathtubs, S&M-type women-feeling up on each other by the entrance, a woman suspended from the ceiling while confetti fell onto the dance floor, and the hottest gogo dancers I've seen.However, I just wasn't feeling the layout of TAO or the crowd.  Honestly, it was like I was back in Houston in Asiatown.  For midnight, there were entirely too many people who had been over-served who were getting rowdy and spilling stuff and falling onto my group of ladies.  The layout of TAO was also a bit awkward.  You first pass through a huge lounge with tables and a bar before getting into the main room.  In the main room, the bar is all the way back, but you have to maneuver your way through stand still crowds and past an elevator before you can even spot it.  There's a small dance floor and an even smaller strip of a balcony.This place just seems overrated to me.  There's far too many other clubs in Vegas to try to be hung up over coming here.
4	Great food and chic nightclub! This is one of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas. It's spacious with multiple rooms and floors. Be prepared to wait in LONG lines, unless of course you're rolling in with 15 hot ladies and/or know a party promoter.Guys that flock in all-male groups, be prepared to wait in line and fork over money, which I hear can go up to $200 bucks if a celebrity pays a visit. If you want to step to the front of the line and you have enough people to chip in, I highly recommend getting bottle service to skip the hassle.Here's another quick tip to get in for free. Eat at the Restaurant (Tao Asian Bistro). Make sure you make reservations at around 9 PM. Once you're done with dinner, you can get in the club through a back entrance for free. Food is descent...it's one up from PF Chang's--they have some pretty good options to choose from. Dinner and dancing? Yes, please! Back way entrance...even better (no bottle service needed).
3	This place isn't worth the line anymore, especially on a friday night and they close off the roof top to Tao Beach.This club was sooo hot when it opened. Now it's not, but it does get the job done. Get Drunk and Dance is the objective. And my mission was completed.Ladies, you are better off getting VIP Front of the Line wristbands from Vegas.com for $50 you stand in the VIP/Hotel Guest Line, admission is covered for both Tao and Lavo and you get one hour of unlimited house drinks at Tao (10pm-11pm) and at Lavo (11pm-12pm). There is still a bit of a wait though... we got there at about 10pm and waited approx. 20 min. We stood by the bar from 10pm-11pm and drank as much juiced down alcoholic drinks as possible.
4	My goodness, I've basically grown-up (Club-wise) with Tao. I've probably been 10 or so times and I still believe it is one of the better clubs out there. BUT, it is not as amazing as it once was. Now, they close off the top-level on busy nights and that causes the other two levels to get ridiculously over-crowded (and alot of the crowdedness is just due to Tao's ever-increasing popularity). But, the decor at this place is the best i've seen and the girls are always ready to let-loose and have a good time (typically not the stuck up crowd). It also has a great mix of ethnicitiies...it has everything you could ever want in a club!And the best part of all is this guy Taoboda! He can get your entire group past the line and in for free before 11 AND all the girls get free drinks from 10-11. What an awesome hook-up!Taoboda alone keeps this place at a 4-star club for me despite its recent downfalls in other areas.
3	This place is really fun.  It's pretty much a novelty club with hot asian girls in giant bathtubs.  Its cool to experience once, but I don't know if I really would want to go here every night.  I don't really feel like fighting the massive crowds.  I got in with no hassles.  My group was 2 guys and 2 girls.  I was surprised that I didn't have to pay, but my other guy friend did.  Dumb.  Either way, we didn't have much of a wait which was nice.  Our girls definitely didnt get any free drinks other than the ones we bought for them.
4	I have always had a good time when I come here, maybe it's because I tend to drink to much and have fun with just about everything, but I never leave with a disappointing experience.  First..This place gets packed!  You will wait in line for awhile unless you have a VIP hookup or have a table. In most the cases I have gone I have gotten a table.Second:  The place is pretty large, has a few different levels with music styles.  The decor is stunning and that makes it fun.I have always received great table service here.  The drinks are decent.Like any vegas club it's crowded and overpriced lol, but fun none the less.  I recommend it.  As stated above make sure you adhere to dress code, as lame as it is Vegas is strict about that..
5	Seriously, if you're in Vegas, you have to come to this Tao. I have been to the won in New York and it does not even come close to being compared to this Tao. High ceilings, exotic decor, long halls and views are just the beginning. If you are in Vegas, do yourself a favor, especially being out of town...  come to Tao.
4	It is really hard for me to write an honest review for this place.  I have so many partial memories, that everything kinda blurs together... but I will soldier on and try my best.Part 1 Review: RestaurantSo if you have had a chance to eat here, it isn't too bad.  The food is a little bit salty, but when you are way wasted (which I was at the time), salt is good.  It is typical Asian fusion with your obligatory sushi rolls.  I had some grilled sea bass and a sushi roll which was decent.  Besides, ordering dinner here was a decent and quick way to get full and get into the club.Part 2 Review: ClubAs I mentioned above, I have been to Tao a lot of times.  It all kind of blends together, from raiding a bachelorette, to meeting Jesus and the Apostles hanging out with the 300 Spartans (it was one of the Halloweens I was at.... or maybe bits and pieces of two different Halloweens???), to being hungover as soon as I walked in at 11:00pm because I drank all day and then stopped for a couple hours.... you get the picture.  I have had a lot of fun fun times at Tao and it is definitely a go to place for me.  Even though it can get UBER crowded all the time, when they open up the Tao Beach area for night time (my favorite place), it is awesome.
3	Tao was once a Las Vegas hotspot and still has its moments. It still is consistently decent albeit not what it was back in 06-07. If they have a good talent element it still can be worth a stop by.
3	Review for a popular Vegas club - Short and sweet:Asian theme club.Buddha statues.Girls in little black dresses.Gogo Dancers that rise out of the stage (or something of the sort... can't really explain/remember).Vegas prices.Fun times. Will be back again.
2	NIghtclub review only:Upon arriving to Tao's entrance, my friends and I were greeted with hundreds of patrons waiting in line to get in. I was totally shocked by the amount of people during this time of year in Vegas (we were there at the end of July). Luckily, one of my friends had connections with his associate and were able to have us bypass the line to the "hotel guests" section (obviously, we weren't guests of the hotel) and get complimentary admission to boot. After waiting in line for about half an hour, we were escorted up stairs into Tao Beach, which I thought was pretty pointless to be in considering it was 11pm and the pool was closed. On a side note, what's so beach-y about Tao Beach? You have a pool, some lounge chairs and benches, a few VIP cabanas, and a bar. I don't know bout you, but it looked like your typical hotel pool environment to me. Nothing special.Drinks at Tao were very watered down and way overpriced AND I was not able to get a buzz going. I had a 2 ounce shot of Sex on the Beach for a whopping 12 bucks--for a shot! A friend of mine bought bottled water and that set her back 5 bucks. Holy smokes. A regular sized cocktail seemed to be a better deal for about 14 bucks.Anyway, it was a Saturday night and the club was packed like a can of sardines. Security was all over the place scolding at patrons to either clear the aisles and proceed to the dance floor or bar. My group and I proceeded to squeeze into the dance floor to dance. It was pretty difficult to find room, but once we found it then we were stuck....flanked by gyrating people. It was really fun dancing, given a square foot of dancing space among others. Music was appropriate and the place was hoppin'. I've been to Tao a couple more times and it was always so so crowded.  Coat check was pretty nonexistent, and you're lucky to even make it to the main dance floor.  If not, then expect to dance by the foyer. It was a pretty fun experience, if you want that whole "Vegas" nightclub gig and don't mind the crazy crowds. Good music with a fun and young crowd and sexy decor. What else could you ask for? I may go back again (most likely not), and I'll definitely pre-game.
4	The restaurants food definately wasnt the greatest, in fact it was really shitty. Lol But our main purpose of coming here wasnt for the food., it was the Line Pass stamp u get for the Tao night club. The staff and the service from our server and a floor supervisor was surperb ! made up for the crappy food. they offered us a new entree since I didnt even touch mines. but there was just nothing appetizing on the menu ! so I didnt bother to get anything else. but they were kind enuff not to charge me for it and sent over a great complimentry dessert platter at the end. The bus boi how ever were really rude. he spilt soy a sauce on my friend and wasnt very apologetic at all. but like i said the other ppl made up for the lack of service from the bus bois.The Line Pass gave us comp entry into the night club. and we were intructed to come in around 10:30 so that we didnt have to wait in line. We finished dinner at 9:30 and there was a HUGE massive line up outside already. crazie. went to grab a few a drinks. came back at 10:30 walked right in and had a great time.  Club is packed as hell. So we stayed in our cozy corner and didnt explore much. there was just too much ppl.If I recommened this restaurant for anything its to come here and eat something and get urself a line pass stamp for the club. abasaloeutly worth it. dun expect too much from the food though =)oh and a plus. when we left around..i forgot the time lol  but  they gave us little black Tao flip flops which I thought was  a nice touch cuz everywhere u look u see beautiful girls walkin around bare feet and holding onto thier heels. =)
3	Tao Nightclub:The decor and atmosphere here at Tao is tops in Vegas. with the bubbles they shoot over the crowd, or the girls that stay in the tub in the main hallway. a lot of musicians come out to Tao and perform a chorus just for kicks too. there are Multiple levels, one being the roof which is a wide open space.at the end of the night when the crowds start to come out they give out free slippers to the girls because they know their feet must be killing em.The thing that just kills it for me with Tao is how ridiculously crowded it gets. Literally shoulder to shoulder, swimming through a sea of people to get where you need to go. It's impossible to really dance on the dance floor cause it's packed, not in a good way. That and the main hall can a bit dark.
3	So let me just start out by saying that I have been to Tao 3 times! The first time here and my first time in Vegas, was fun. The music was good, it wasnt too crowded and I got in free. Good times. I returned the same weekend on a Saturday and it was crowded and the music was the same stuff they played earlier that weekend. The highlight of that night was the super nice bouncers who let me sit in VIP when my heels were killing my feet. I would have given this place 4 stars if it wasnt for my last visit...Let me set the scene, it was summer time so naturally the clubs are gonna be packed but OMG, I felt like I was being smushed to death and im tall. I literally had to push and squeeze my way out of the crowd! To top it off they were playing the same music I heard the first time I visited..booo!! Also DJ Pauly D from Jersey Shore was there. Not sure if he was the reason for the crowd but im thinking not. At this point we had enough and my sister and I left. I was so disappointed and annoyed!
3	Tao may have been the business back in the mid 2000s. But this place has been overthrown by nightclubs like XS... This place had its moments and great times, but now this club is a just small, overcrowded, overrated night club. I guess the creators realized this, and therefore made Marquee Nightclub!
4	I'm a fan of Tao. My friends and I are usually able to get in for free and get wristbands for free drinks. I love lounging on Tao beach and people watching. Good music and a good crowd. $12 for well drinks.
4	We make it a point to come and get the Kobe Beef Sashimi everytime we come to Vegas. It is absolutely the most amazing thing in the entire world! Our experience there has always been amazing. The waiters are so friendly and so helpful! The four stars is for the Kobe Beef Sashimi and the great staff!
3	I really thought TAO was gorgeous inside. We had free entry - except our guy cuz we were a lil late but that's ok it wasn't that much for him- and free drinks for four girls! Not bad! Wanted to stay longer but we were hoppin free clubs that night and who am I to say no to a good time? We didn't wait long in line either. I'd suggest contacting a promoter before going to TAO. It's also HUGE. I prefer big to small though. I did not feel cramped here, but some of the rooms felt too empty.
5	Hands down the best club in Vegas. Love the decor and the DJs have never disappointed, especially when it's Erik Morrillo!TAO Beach is also a must if you're a day tripper ;)
3	This place is CRAZY! I came here with some girlfriends on Memorial Day weekend, Friday night. SO SO crowded that I didn't have that great of a time. I'm sure I would've loved it on a less crazy night, if that existed at the Tao...We got approached by 2 promoters who said they'd put us on the guest list, but when we got there....well, I guess we got tricked or something. But the big man with the clipboard was nice enough to let us in anyway (thank you thank you!!). Lucky for us, because even though we got there early, between 9 and 10pm, even the line with the pretty ladies had to wait for a while. The regular line....I wasn't even sure where it ended! Got in for free and got our wristbands for free drinks, but the bar was so crowded we literally had to push our way to the bar.Tao is a beautiful venue. I love their decor with the bathtubs and rose petals. The music was pretty good; they had their resident DJ, which the guys at front said they have every Friday. The place is pretty big, with more than one room, more than one dance floor. But it was so hard to get around!! Both dance floors were packed, no room to dance whatsoever! Seriously, if I didn't have such high heels on, I prolly would've gotten stomped on all throughout the night!! But then again, my feet killed in those shoes, so I guess I paid the price anyway. And there's no place to sit :(
3	I came here this past thursday. Me and my friends (4 girls and 1 guy) were all able to get in for free. But we were put on the guestlist through a promoter.The nightclub is really dark and mysterious. We went on a night where there was a bunch of old guys (us being 21-22) and it wasn't really fun. Some people like this place, some people dont. It wasn't packed like sardines on a thursday, it normally is on Fridays and Saturdays. I would suggest trying this club out just to try it out, but I don't think I would ever come back here.
3	10.15.10Kim K.'s birthday.  Lines out the door, spilling out over several entrances.  Promoter friend to the rescue.  Got escorted to separate line, all girls, no cover.  Free well drinks before 11:00.  I couldn't complain, given the situation.After drinks, got escorted into roped off, VIP area (to the side of the main dance floor).  Even with that, Tao was packed to the brim.  I was not having a great time.  Neither was the bachelorette.Had to bounce before Kim K. showed up.  Hope you had a good birthday nonetheless!
3	Very sexy club. Lots of space. You can go up to the pool on the roof to get some breathing room. But the walkway to go to the porch/bar on one side of the room IS THE DANCE FLOOR. They won't let you walk through the bottle service pathway. So you are kind of screwed if you want to smoke a cig. The club is very pretty though. Definitely recommend getting bottle service for this venue.
2	I'm sorry.. But I just don't get this place. I didn't like the menu... I didn't like the food.... I didn't like the service... Didn't like the fact that I waited over an hour to be seated..... Didn't like the price... Their drinks are small and... well, just bad.... Didn't like the club/ restaurant thing going... Even their air con pissed me off... lol...... Yes, the decor here is amazing and inspiring blah blah..... *urgh*
3	Not really a huge fan of clubs, but when in Vegas...Pros:The place is huge and there are a bunch of different rooms so you can always find somewhere that plays your music of choice. There are a number of different bars, but they still tend to have pretty long lines. I really like the lounge area, it's a great place to stop for a quick drink before heading out on the town. Cons:Tao is always considerably more crowded than any other club in Vegas. It's impossible to move around inside of the club, so moving to and from the bar is a pain. The line to get in can be ridiculous if you don't plan ahead and get on the VIP list. Overall Tao is always fun, but I definitely prefer the clubs inside the Wynn.
3	Tao reminds me of that great guy friend that will never entice you enough for him to leave the "friend zone."  He is dependable, consistent, great, but not your first choice.  I'm sorry to let you down Tao.Ambiance:  Dark, Asian, temple-like.  Ladies in bathtubs.  Guys like that.  Boobs barely covered with petals.  Awesome right.  Yea I don't care.  There is a staircase to get up to the actual dance floor.  The bottom floor is the lounge and restaurant.  The bathroom is up some stairs too.  Drunk girls in heels beware.Music:  Mainly hip-hop and top 40s music.  Nothing too weird.  Can feel like you are listening to the radio but it is always fun to dance too.Dancefloor:  Tiny ass floor and usually you end up feeling like cattle being herded.  I don't know how many times I have been stepped on in Tao.  One of my friends refuses to come here anymore because it is so packed here.Drinks:  I usually get free drinks with the bracelet that the promoter gives us.  Ladies drink free before midnight?  I forgot.  But we usually get tons of drinks... makes the night fun.  The Asian bartender in the back is amazingly fast at mixing the cocktails.  He is the gem of this club for sure.Guests:  There are usually a guest visiting which makes it fun.  I saw Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian here which was cool.  Khloe said the make sure to wrap it up tonight, lol.I love dancing and I love going clubbing.  So I won't object to going to Tao at all, unless... something else comes up.  I would hate to waste a precious night on an oldie but goodie if I can try out some place new.  But Tao has a special place in my heart... it was the "hot club" when I turned 21.  Sigh, the good old days.
1	If being pushed, shoved side to side, not dancing freely, waiting forever by the bar, having your feet stepped on, having people you had recently told  "no thank you, but I don't want to dance with you" keep coming back to try to dance with you, having the same type of music play over and over, your idea of a good time...then this place is for you!TAO is truly one of the most overrated clubs in Vegas. It honestly is not what it tries to portray itself to be. Sure, it's lovely but that's probably it. Small and overcrowded dance floors are definitely a no go for a good time. I wonder why The Venetian ever allowed it to establish itself here. It's like it's partner, LAVO, it really is not one of the greatest spots in Vegas to go out dancing. The good thing, for ladies, is that there is an open bar up until 10:30 pm! So, I would recommend to put yourself on the guest list, drink up, and then hit the next better clubs!
1	I refuse to set foot in this club again.NEVER AGAIN!!!I went back (for a second time) only because I got in for free for open bar.Never intended to stay here.But alas, circumstances did not permit that we move on to a better club that night, so we stayed.The club is gorgeous. Drop dead gorgeous decor, but sadly not pretty enough to redeem this loser of a club.The music is bad-- hip hop (so last decade) I mean, if you wanna play hip hop, fine, but don't play straight hip hop for the entire time. Not everyone likes that!DJ vice was on after- sort of saved the night, but none of this has anything to do with the 1 star rating.What pisses me off about this place, is that the owners/promoters completely disregard any rules about capacity.On weekends, TAO gets SO full, it's IMPOSSIBLE to make your way to the dance floor without getting into fights/getting stepped on/molested/harassed.I got in for free- my question to these people: Why on earth do you keep sticking people inside your club? I didn't pay to get in, I didn't pay for the drinks I had, how do you profit by having so many drunken people smashed together in one tiny place?I tried very hard to have fun, but it was absolutely impossible. Finally at around 1 am some drunken 30+ yr old stepped on me SO HARD that two weeks later I'm still limping and I have a bruise that covers my entire right foot.I blame this entirely on the owners that have no respect for a person's right to a good night and disregard the safety of everyone inside.I've gone to massive raves that were WAY safer than this place. That one star I'm giving them goes to that one cute security/bouncer guy who looked after me all night.
4	First thing I have to say is either get bottle service or know someone.  It is always ridiculously crowded but if you have a table or go to the back corner of the bar (near the exit signs) youll have some room.  Luckily we knew the DJ (DJ Five) so we were able to get a few drinks and stand in the DJ booth.  I have been here several times, but I did not realize behind the DJ booth there is an patio that overlooks the strip.  So if it gets too crowded inside you can step out there for a breather.The decor is one of my favorites in Vegas.  Even though it is usually so busy, if you can fight the crowds, you can still have a fun time and get drinks.
5	I love it!! both the restaurant & the club.... I love the vibe is dark, mysterious, and sexy.... I'm always in guest-list line or hotel guest line... hotel guest line are way faster... but both line after 12 AM they will charge you... (even for the ladies) but is still possible to get in for free (for the ladies) if you have those VIP passes (If you need a promoter feel free to email me, I'll give you my promoter's contact info) and they gave us a bracelet free drinks b4 11pm for the ladies hell yah!!I love about this club so much because there are different dance floors plays different types of music... the people who works there are very nice, we had a table, great VIP bottle service..the only thing i didn't like was walking up and down the stairs in my 6 inch heels... that was painful but Tao is super sweet they pass flip flop to the ladies after 1:30 AM ... so i had no problem walking, skipping, running, after the club LOL ...
5	Tao is hands-down one of my favorite places in Vegas! The decor: Cannot be beat! The entrance is lined with bathtubs filled with rose petals and floating candles. It's got an Asian-fusion vibe, and the decor inside the restaurant itself totally matches the theme. Very classy place, in my opinion. The drinks: Incredible. I asked the bartender to make me something good and he delivered! He made me a fruity concoction with a kick. The bar service was quick and super friendly! Definitely made me more inclined to leave a good tip. Overall, Tao is a fun time. I would definitely go back again and again!
2	awesome ambiance, okay music, way too crowded, bad drinks, lots of cooters on parade (seriously girls, that's a shirt not a dress...)to elaborate:Decor: probably the best I've seen. dark, red lights, eastern-inspired stone statues, candles, rocks, bamboo, petals in water pools, red chandeliers, a roof-top pool ("beach"), dancers in sexy little outfits (not to mention girls in bathtubs with nothing but petals covering their boobs). overall, the ambiance is sick. modern, sexy and chic.  however, the patrons are not...Dance floors: waaaayyy too crowded!  Went on a Saturday night, and the dance floors were not unlike mosh pits.  In fact, I would prefer the mosh pit.  And I don't even want to know what was on the carpeted floor in one of the dance rooms - I felt like I was dancing on tape and nearly lost my shoes several times.  Disgusting.Music: 3 levels of decent music - a fair variety of hip-hop, pop, techno.Drinks: nasty.  Long island iced tea tasted like maple syrup with some rum in it.  to avoid the maple syrup, you might opt for a safe bet only to find the best beer they have is a heineken... in a can.  this type of mediocrity is irritating when the club purports to be so posh.Employees were all very nice, which was impressive considering the drunken mob they were dealing with.This place has tons of potential, but while the space itself is awesome, Tao is just too crowded to enjoy.  the ingredients are there - the execution is not.
2	The hotness of girls has gone down by 10000000000%. What used to be the hottest club filled with hot girls and guys is now filled with... not so great looking people acting like they're hot. The hot people have all migrated to XS and Marquee. A few hot ones remain, but they probably didn't get the memo that TAO is sooo 2007. The crowd gets a bit better looking after 2am, but by then most people have had one too many to drink and almost everyone looks better.
4	I would have given a 5 star, but they have small dance floor.
1	I go to Vegas frequently, and I've been to most of the high class nightclubs. I' ve been to Tao twice, and both times have been awful. They always way overpack this club, so you cannot move anywhere without getting elbowed, shouldered, pushed or pulled, even by the Tao staff themselves. This club treats you like cattle with cash. Drinks are very expensive, and the food in the restaurant is no better than any Asian chain, but it's 2 or 3 times the price. Don't buy the hype, there are so many better clubs nearby.
5	I am a HUGE fan of both TAO Asian Bistro & Nightclub.  The restaurant is over-the-top delicious, they've got great desserts and a festive drink menu.  After dinner, you can choose to visit the TAO Lounge, head to TAO Nightclub or TAO Beach to catch some fresh air and escape the stuffiness of the club. The decor is Asian inspired and very cool, eclectic and classy.  The restaurant during dinner is not the best place if you're looking for privacy, a quiet atmosphere and private conversation because the music is pretty loud and there is so much going on. They do have private dining areas, but those are usually reserved for the VIPs/celebrities who are appearing at TAO Nightclub that evening or you can call ahead of time to inquire about this part of the restaurant.  On the plus side, after you've had dinner here, you can let your server know you want to get into the club and you'll be personally escorted to the entrance.Although people may complain that the club is "sooo 2007", one thing to remember is that clubs may come and go in Las Vegas, but TAO continues to be a force to be reckoned with when it comes to delivering top-notch celebrity driven events and world-reknowned DJs to its venue.   A few reviewers have mentioned that people have left TAO behind in favor of other nightclubs such as Marquee, but for those who don't know, Marquee is owned by the same team who owns TAO which just reaffirms the fact that TAO has paved the way for some of Vegas' hottest clubs today.
3	I saw a group of people here that were in their 60's (but that was at 9pm)you might as why I came here at 9pm, it was simply to beat the crowd.I would come here again, I can't say that the crowd was as hot as XS, but I liked it (even better that I didn't have to pay a cover :).....)3.7 stars
2	Tao was one of the first nightclubs I hit the first time I came to Las Vegas. It was probably one of the best times I've had in a club. Then I went back again another trip and it wasn't as fun. The third time I came back, it pretty much sealed the deal that I wouldn't want to ever come back here. Why?The bouncers are starting to let everybody and their mothers in- that means all you ugly creepy dudes. If you plan on having any form of a good time, start here around 10pm, get your free drink wristband, get hammered, oggle at the girls in bathtubs, attempt to find the cab stand, and make your way down to another cooler less crowded club by 11pm. I recommend Moon and Rain at the Palms, Vanity at the Hard Rock, and Marquee at the Cosmopolitan.
3	I really wanted to like Tao. It was my first clubbing experience in Vegas.I love the decor and theme.  The buddha, the girls in the bathtubs, the restroom doors you have to lock to make opaque are all fun.  Unfortunately it gets wayyyy too crowded and the crowd was just ok.  We won't be back.  Head over to the clubs at Encore/the Wynn instead.
4	Vegas Clubbing at it's best. Not the biggest club, but the most fun. Music was on point and so was the crowd. Ladies got free drinks until 10:30...NICE. Dance floor was a bit small and so was the balcony, but when your dancing and having fun it does not really matter, i think sober people would complain more about this, but i was not one of those people. Club fills up quickly and it can be a challenge to exit the club. Staff and Security was very nice when dealing with Drunk individuals. Next time i'm in Vegas I will be back at Tao.
2	Tao definitely lives off it's reputation. If you are a female then check this place out cuz there will definitely be 2 males for every female there on a Saturday night. Be careful about getting a table here, you might get stuck in a random spot that you really don't want to be in, like a hallway... Drinks are pretty expensive here, as they are most places in Vegas. The music in Tao is worse than most of the clubs in Vegas. Obviously you should expect to hear Top 40, Techno, 80s Hits and a little bit of Hip Hop but damn... But maybe the music wasn't any worse, I guess it could have been the crowd of guys, no one to dance with and drink prices that made me think twice about going back to the bar.I've been back to Vegas, had a pass to get into Tao and still didn't go... Check the other reviews, females are more positive about this place than males...
4	I don't know if it's the layout or the reputation of TAO, but it's always jammed packed and full of beautiful bodies!First of, the food here is pretty damn good! There hasn't really been anything that disappointed me. Definitely try the Lobster Wonton Soup if you get the chance. The wontons are very meaty and the soup is the perfect balance.The Orange Chicken was a little sweet but really hit the spot, good portion size too.Buddha Chicken may sound a little racist but holy god!! It was some of the tastiest chicken I've ever had.*If you dine here, you can get your admission comp'd for the nightclub (requires order of entree over $20)Lastly, the club itself is in another league of its own. Very big and so many different aspects, levels, and traits that I haven't even ventured to all of them. It's so big, vast and EASY TO LOSE YOUR GROUP because it's always crowded.Here's a scenario for you, you're on the dancefloor having a good time, surrounded by friends and some beautiful girls... you're definitely feeling the music with every beat and you're just fist pumping the night away. Then a dazzling female acrobat comes swinging from the ceiling and dances around while a shower of faux snow comes falling down and trickles on everyones hair and you keep dancing and just go with the flow of the night... then BANGGG! A flutter and flash of confetti comes down while the music gets turned up and you get hyped up and the night is just beginning... you know it's going be a good night :)
3	This is my fallback place anytime I am in Vegas, not because it's not good but I try to make an effort and go to a new place every time I go. If we don't get in we always head to TAO because girls get in free...keeping the ratio 2 girls to every guy. This works out for the guys (if they get in). Tip: get there early and get drunk
3	I'd give tao 3 1/2 stars if I could, but I just don't think it's quite worth four stars.  Came to vegas for my 21st birthday and got on the guestlist at tao. The lines were well-organized which was a plus and the wait was about 15min.  My girl friend and I were free while my guy friend was $30.  Inside, my girl friend and I got free drinks at the bar from 10:30-11:30 which was awesome, but the bartender spilt a full drink on me :( The decor at tao is pretty sick, but rather dark and too crowded.  Overall, I liked it, but I think it's overrated considering all they hype it gets.
2	This place is just too damn crowded.  Once you're in, good luck getting the hell out of there.  Yeah it's nice, they have different rooms and pretty decor.  But each room seems to be more crowded than the last.  There's basically no way of dancing at all not even a two-step because you'll probably be stepping on someone. Drinks are small,  If it weren't so crowded i probably could of given two more stars.
3	Holy cow I am getting old. My best friend came into town very unexpectedly and needed to blow off some steam. No worries...i've got this covered. Now mind you...I RARELY go clubbing and I don't really know where all the cool spots are. I begged my manager at work for help because I really wanted to show her a good time. He directed me to Ceasar at Tao Nightclub. If this review was strictly about Ceasar...then it would be 5 stars. He was so sweet and guided us to the right place to be. I can't say the same about his co-workers who barked at me to move to another line....so rude...but I was respectful and did what I was told.We get into the club...no problem (thank you Ceasar) and trek up the 3 flights of stairs (so bummed...I just had finished my leg workout that morning and was already quite sore). There are two sides to the club...the hip hop side and the house/techno side. We headed to the packed hip hop side where we had to wait a bit for drinks (its all good...the poor girl was slammed but was very nice). Drinks are pricey but what isn't at a nightclub. We were packed in like sardines so we made it over to the house side. It was much better but there were a lot of skeezy old dudes about my dad's age scamming on the young 20-somethings (I guess that's pretty common in Vegas). We had fun but it made me realize how much I like a chill dinner out with a relaxing drink at lounge....like I said...I'm getting old.
4	It is just an epic spot. Luckily I was with 4 beautiful women dancing on the wall. We were quite popular. Not really me of course. Food was great. Still talking about steak tartar tempura.
5	Awesome! Just what you'd expect from Vegas.  It was New Years weekend, our last saturday in Vegas. Honestly we went to Tao as a backup. We didn't go to The first club because part of our crew beat us there and left, stating it was bad. In the process we ran into a promoter that got us tickets that let 3 ladies in for free per ticket and one guy for $15, which is a steal when you are talking about vegas on New Years weekend.  The only hitch for the night was that we had a lot of guys in our crew and only two girls. The bounce for the line originally turned us down until we had more ladies.  But finding girls to go with us was simple, especially when you are offering them free entry.  In the line we noticed a lady behind us that looked well into her 80s but I guess, rather I hope she was there for the restaurant.  When we got to the entrance, The decor was amazing!  Asian style and themes, with bathtubs lining the entrance hallway.  The food also smelled amazing, although we werent there to eat. Bathrooms were clean and beautiful, even as a guy you appreciate these things sometimes.  We went to the 2nd floor and both rooms had great music. Good transitions from Hip Hop to Top 40 to a little electro.  I will say this: A lot of the mixes were recycled. I only know because I DJ myself and I have heard them before and have them, but who cares, their purpose is to pack the dancefloor and that's what they did.  The drinks were pretty good and at 2 for $12 the shots tasted great.  Guys will love the fact that they have Gogo dancers who lie posed on display on reclining couches....SEXY.  Anyways it isn't hard to find girls to dance with though it will get a bit packed.  We didn't have bottle service but those who did appeared to be getting the royal treatment, so that will be our next mission when coming to Tao.  We ended up having a lot of fun, it turned out to be our best night in Vegas and I definitely recommend that Tao is on your agenda for your visit to Vegas.
3	one word... --- PACKEDsuper tight place if tao beach isn't open. when i say tight i mean body to body with no room to move, let alone dance.  if tao beach is open then this place is the place to be!!
5	5 stars because when someone ordered this ridiculously large bottle of champagne at their table next to the dance floor, the DJ stopped the music, someone cut on half the lights, and the Star Wars theme started playing (seriously).Read the other reviews if you actually want to hear about the place. Star Wars theme is a default 5 stars from me.
2	Some yoked out guido accidentally punched me in the head. He was trying to hit a guy , missed, and got me instead. My hat went flying across the dancefloor and I was totally disoriented for a few minutes. NOT my kind of scene. Then again, this kind of stuff always happens to me.  Security took quite a bit to clear up the situation. Luckily, some Jolly Green Giant tall guys " rescued" me and pulled me into safety. I still had a good time because I was with friends and family. It just reminded me of how much I love the low key life.  :)
3	It was a Saturday night and the music was NOT poppin'. Sorry ladies but after my experience at Surrender with DJ Steve Aoki (Fridays only!), I could NOT stand the top 50 music playing over and over again. Believe me, it was terrible.Luckily, I browsed through a few reviews and they do play music that I like, like 90s hip hop music. Hm, not bad. I love 90s music.Anyway, as others have mentioned, this place is too crowded. The two times I was here, it was so packed. The upside was that there's a special platform somewhere near a bar that were ladies only. I think. And that was good. My friends and I hung out with other girls and danced the night away. We also got one wrist band for free drinks for an hour, and 1 more ticket for a free drink. Sweetness right?I think I love TAO for the free drinks and for letting me and my girls skip the lines. But other than that, I think it was nothing special, and quite honestly I think I will be reviewing nightclubs in Vegas based on my experience, not really on service.Womp womp.
3	I got to go Vegas on my 21st b-day. Woot Woot. This place was the first stop when we got to Vegas after checking in and stuff. It was quite classy. There were so many people. They have a restaurant downstairs and a nightclub upstairs. The food was alright but it was real expensive.The nightclub was crazy. If you like getting tight and being touched by others. This club would be the place. There was SO MUCH people. People squeeze in so close to dance. They were quite touchy too. I hated one thing, and it was that they allow people to smoke in there. It really annoyed me.Oh yea, the restroom was confusing. They only had "ying" and "yang" labeled on the restroom doors. My friend and I didn't know which was female. Then this group of girls also was clueless, then some of them opened one of the doors and found it was the women side. Then one girl opened the male side and then came back out. My friend then told me later, there was statue by the door to determine if its the male or female side because they were naked. I cracked up when I saw it.
3	MM, I'll have to go with a "Meh" with a side of A-OK. It wasn't great, but it wasn't horrible either. We were on the guestlist, had tons of trouble getting the boys in for free even though we had an even ratio of guys to girls, finally got in and we couldn't even move through the crowd. I thought Pure was crowded, but dang, Pure's got nothing on Tao. The only dancing I did here was from the swaying and pushing from everyone around me. We stayed less than 2 hours before calling it quits. I want to dance dammit! Not be a human tissue paper for everyone's nasty sweat! Watch the people around you carefully if you don't want to get drinks spilled on you. I don't get people and their "drink-over-the-head" thing. Hey, I'm right here, I know I'm short, but I know you can see me!On the plus side, I do like the decor of the place, layout's kinda funny, but open bar for ladies before 10pm is always nice and if you decide you want a breath of fresh O2, you can always nudge the bouncer to open up the velvet rope for you to let you dance on the platform. They'll gladly oblige.
4	Free entrance and free drinks for an hour!!!  Haven't been to a club in a long time.  I don't feel I should pay an entrance fee for anything, except for amusement park or national parks.  Well, had fun dancing with the Hub and Friends.  Got there early so we had a spot to dance.  Left around 1 am and there was still a long line of people trying to get in.  I wouldn't pay to get in at a late time because there was not enough space to walk.  Basically, it was crowded to a point where everyone is body to body.  My friend told me she was elbowed constantly on her back by some rude chick while they were dancing.  So the ghetto-ness came out her and she punched her back!  That's clubbing!
4	This restaurant did not disappoint.  Delicious food, fantastic ambiance and excellent service.Here with a group of 40 people, we had pre-arranged a group dinner with Tao that included a set menu at a certain price.  We were treated to tons of food served family style including, pad thai, egg rolls, wasabi encrusted filet mignon and the most amazing desserts that came with fortune cookies with hysterical fortunes.  Coming from Miami, the specialty cocktails seemed fairly priced at $13 each.Several round tables were placed on the second level where we could look down on the restaurant and the giant buddha.  Amazingly, these tables were whisked away after our dinner when Tao converts into a nightclub.As dinner guests we were stamped on our hands so we could enter the club sans cover charge.  Unfortunately, the stamp didn't give us a short cut.  We still had to go all the way downstairs, exit Tao and get back into a short line, only to go back all the way upstairs to enter the club.The club had a great vibe with music I could dance to, but it seemed like the way to go here is VIP.  If you're going to wear 4 inch heels then you need a place to sit and the Club offers nowhere to rest your feet unless you pay for bottle service.  Walking around, you can find bar areas that are less crowded if you move away from the dance floor. I didn't last too long in the club because it seemed like it was packed with bachelor/bachelorette parties or prom attendees.  It was a weird scene early in the night filled with tourists who packed their gawdiest outfit simply because they believed you can get away with it in Vegas.Bottomline:  I'd come here again for sure for the restaurant experience, but I wouldn't stay for the club experience unless I wanted to relive my twenties.
4	I was happy the price for sushi and drinks wasn't bad (~14 per drink or dish) and service was actually fast when I told our waiter at 6:45 pm, we needed to make a concert at Caesar's by 8 pm.  I didn't mention that we arrived an hour late for our original reservation.   We ordered 2 drinks and 4 plates (appetizers and sushi).  Mmm.. Tuna on crunchy rice (two orders please!).  My friend was particularly impressed by the potato vodka used in her martini.  Our waiter told us to return later after our concert to get stamps and bypass line for the club.  We didn't take them up on it this time, but maybe next time. I've been to Tao Nightclub before.  In terms of Jet, Tryst, Pure and smaller lounges like Caramel and Shadowbar ... I would do Tao or Jet to dance, Pure if I want to spot a celeb, and Tryst if I don't want to feel claustrophobic and want to see a big waterfall.  The lounges are good if I don't want to deal with lines or if we have a diverse group that doesn't want to deal with politics of getting into a club.
1	I have been here twice, and it baffles me how people even like this place.It's a maze, it's tiny, the DJs play the same 5 songs all night, they pack the place to the rafters, there are about 5 guys to every girl, drink prices always seem to change every time you get a drink, the bouncers are all ego maniacs who think they're king shit, and if you want to sit down you have to drop over a grand for a table.I think not. The only good thing was I didn't have to wait in line to get into the place either time, if I had to stand in the over an hour long line, and pay cover to get into that place I would have jumped off the 1 foot wide 8 capacity person "balcony", and hoped the gondola lake would put me out of my misery.This place is overrated, I highly doubt I will ever step foot in it ever again
4	Club Only Review:Tips for girls:1. Get in touch with a promoter. 2. Come EARLY, the line gets ridiculously long.3. Free drinks til 11 & if your group is cute enough they'll let you sit at a table until its bought! Tao can get super crowded, but one of the better clubs in vegas!! And whenever I go, there's a good mixed crowd!
4	Went on a Thursday night, passed the line from being on the guest list. The decor is probably my favorite of all the clubs in Vegas. Get there early and with a buzz to enjoy the dance floor and the patio before it gets too busy. The bouncers and bartenders were really friendly compared to other places. Left once it started getting too cramped and it took forever to get to the bathroom and out of the club. But the staff was friendly, drinks were strong, didn't wait in line, and the music was good.
4	When it comes to nightclubs, heed my advice! As someone who knows the nightlife (though mostly from a VIP perspective), I know what I'm talking about. Tao is always safe, fun and packed. Drinks are expensive. Need a "hook-up" from a VIP Host? Send me a note, I'll have you covered.
2	Ah, I have fond memory of TAO. Blackeye, blackout, and every drink was free. This has no reflection to the venue itself though, just means I have flirty girlfriends with big boobs and a slight overestimate of how much they can drink. 3 levels, pretty terrible/outdated music, dancefloor packed so tight you could barely breathe, let alone dance. Maybe it'd be more fun if TI and P. Diddy weren't there causing claustrophobic traffic? Besides the pretty prop girls and how easy it is to score free admission tickets to get in here, there isn't much to speak very highly of. Ditch TAO, go for XS.
3	Maybe I went there on an alright day. It's a great nightclub when you have a table but the dam music just ruined it. There was ONE room out of the entire club that made it okay...but it was far from where I was at. Oh and lady's (even gentlemen) if u have on some uncomfortable shoes, be prepared to and bring some fold up flip flops because the bathroom is WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY over there lol
1	If you are coming to Vegas as a tourist...please please please do not go to Tao.  You are wasting your time and money.  The food is worse than PF Chang's and probably borderlines with Panda Express.  If you eat dinner in the restaurant they still make you leave the property and re-enter to go into the nightclub and pay full cover.  Once inside the club, it's just horrible music and bouncer telling you that you can't stand or walk anywhere.  It's disgustingly crowded and the staff treats you like crap.  So many better restaurants and nightclub on the strip to choose from.  This place is just living off their name...
4	On the restaurant side of the house, I had a pretty amazing meal. Had three different appetizers, and damn the crab cakes where Amazing! Some great sake, which I recommend ordering with a shot of chambord in it. Main coarse, had some of the best tuna I ever tasted. Tried the orange chicken, good, but I would go for something else. You can get that anywhere. The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 is the price. Prepare to folk over some money. The service was great, more than one server, so your always taking care of. I will be back!!!
4	The pork potstickers w a chile sesame glaze and the Thai crab cakes w mango chili sauce were amazing. The XO Chinese long beans and the fried rice w the crab was also yummy! the prices weren't bad considering the great service and great food we had.
2	Crowded, mashups, girls all wearing the same clothes, horrible booze (like poison-you horrible), $12 drinks, $450 bottles. Not my scene but the club was pretty/well appointed. Many floors. Might be someone else's idea of a fun night, but it definitely wasn't mine.
4	This review is for the restaurant - you pretty much go here for the atmosphere. The decor when dining is beautiful! There is so much to look at and very authentic pieces. The space is huge so you do not feel crowded by any means and you forget how large the place actually it. Food was great but I had extremely high hopes so I was expecting out of this world because of all the buzz on this place. Sushi is fresh and cocktails are delicious!!!
5	Amazing food and great atmosphere! My husband and i ate here our last night in Vegas and it was well worth it! I got sushi which was amazing, and he got the filet, which we cooked ourselves with a hot stone filled with yummy broth! We also got the seared Kobe beef appetizer, glad we went out on a limb and tried it, LOVE IT!! we WILL be back!!
5	I know this venue is wayyyy too small but I think when they first built it, they had no idea it would reach this level of capacity. I mean literally you cannot reach the dancefloor, its impossible. Its so small.  Tao cant handle the ppl and now they are getting horrible reviews for it. Ppl still come here tho cuz this is where the crowd is at. Very mixed crowd, great service, free drinks for girls for an hour. Honestly there seem to be more girls then guys here, which of course pisses me off lol.  Come here and you will definitely hook up with somebody haha. If they open the beach during the warmer seasons, it wont be as packed on the main levels cuz ppl can go upstairs and chill. Dont pay cover, get on glist. I got kicked out once for being overly intoxicated but even so I always enjoy going to this club:) one more thing, tao pls upgrade! Its time to expand.
5	Besides getting hit on about 60 times, I loved it. the food was good, and the drinks were fantastic .. I don't really drink but I tried the Taotini I was amazed ... wow. There aren't a lot of good looking people that come here but I saw a few. The staff is great. It was packed on a Sat night with the line wrapping around the staircase but I got in without waiting and got a table in about 5 minutes. Sweet !
5	Dam this place is off the hook. If you want to party in Vegas this is the place to be. Hell we partied with Jamie Fox, he is one crazy mofo. I had a blast at this club. Top notch club.
3	If you like Asians, go here... If you're going to bother them incessantly, don't go here. If you see a group of girls dancing and they aren't looking at you, smiling at you or giving you the time of day... Leave them alone. Tao is overcrowded but I try to stay in the small room section bc honestly, not all girls are there to meet guys... They are there to dance and... That's it. Dance. It used to be the top spot, but It has gone down in the rankings but I still have a good time here. Drinks typical ... Overpriced but eh. Typical Vegas,Decor: Asian style.Music: pretty good. They play mainstream which is good and you know the lyrics already to sing along and dance.I think it's good to go to still to dance but I think bring a guy if you don't want to be bothered for the girls... Lots of nice guys out there but a lot more creepers.
2	Our first night out in Vegas was sponsored by my friends father who wanted to ensure that my birthday was the most absolutely over-the-top weekend of our lives. He wasn't messing around when he set us up with our own host for the evening and made sure that we had our velvet roped VIP section waiting for us complete with the Goose on ice. This should have been a sign of a fabulous evening on the rise, however our group of 7 was quickly moved (ice buckets, glasses, and all) to a much smaller lounge area to make way for a group of overly pretentious west coast yuppies. I understand money talking, but what the host was clearly not informed of when moving us was the unlimited tab that our table was running. The DJ was on fire, but to be honest when you're going to shove us in a tiny out of the way corner that was set up with the intention of giving us a safe haven from the douchebaggy overly alcohol inflated denizens of Vegas, why would we go out of our way to make it worth trying to get into full-blown party mode?
5	Very good ambiance and great food! If you like to have Asian food and a great place to dine out, this is the place to be.
4	been back a few times since living there and various other clubs and I have to say that TAO is stilly my favorite. (:
5	Free drinks for girls from 10:30 - 11:30, need i say more?This place was lots of fun, from what i could remember considering i was drunk from all those free drinks.  As soon as you get there go straight to the bar and start ordering your free drinks.  Do not leave the bar as there's so many girls trying to get their drinks.  Once you get the first drink, drink that shit and get another because it takes a little while to get drinks since theirs so many people.  As soon as you've had about 10, go straight to the dance floor and go enjoy yourselves. I went here with a couple of friends, girls get in free guys pay $30.  The top floor to this place i believe is Tao Beach.  They play music and is more of a place to lounge.  The bottom floor has two different rooms to dance in.  When i was there they were playing really good music.  This place is definitely a place to check out, who doesn't enjoy free drinks? I know i do :)
5	Singular experience = terrible for a Yelp review, but here are my Steps to Tao Success.Step 0: Go to Vegas as a group of 6 hot 20something girlsStep 1: Find a promoter's email online and get added to the guest listStep 2: Get gussied up and cab over to the VenetianStep 3: As a group of 6 girls, get pulled out of the line and given wristbands (open bar til 11:30)Step 4: Have the Vegas gods smile on you as the promoter tells your group that they'll be giving you an empty bottle service table, until the paying customer shows upStep 5: Be amazed that you are led to a special elevator to your tableStep 6: Acknowledge that the table is in a weird location, but jump up and down excitedly Step 7: Grab some drinks from the bar, take them back to your TABLE, and dance the night awaySomeone who paid for the table eventually showed up (around 12:30am), but at that point the club was SO.CROWDED that it was time for us to move on.
5	TAO! a couple of my girlfriends planned a bachlorette party for our dear friend that is soon to be married! yay congrats! so we pitched in for a table and bottle service. well our server was awesome she never let us pour our own drinks i remember before i got tooo wasted, that one of my friends were leaning over trying to pour herself a drink and the server came running to catch the bottle before a drop got into the cup! tao has various rooms to roam around in and have a chance to dance literally in every room. tao beach was really breezy being outside and having the wind blowing was a nice cool down from dancing in all the other rooms. TAO IS DEFINITELY ONE OF MY FAVE CLUBS! huge dancing area, not too crowded, and awesome dj's/ music in all separate rooms! =)
2	Seriously, if you want to have an awesome time clubbing DO NOT GO HERE! Way toooooo OVER CROWED!
3	I went to Vegas with my company and the company chose Tao to have our company dinner.If I were truly honest with myself, I'd have to say it was an overall okay experience. Decor was excessive and obnoxious (it's Vegas), ambiance was pretty nice, and the music wasn't too loud. The food was okay, but we had a large table and it took a long time for the appetizers to come out. Then it took even longer for our main dishes to come out, and then dessert followed immediately. I understand that it was a large group of people, and I think the waiters really did the best that they could. I thought the food was pretty good, but I don't mind eating elsewhere next year.I will say, the drinks are pretty good. They had a lychee martini that was delicious. And their mojito was awesome... it even had a straw of real sugar cane sticking out of it. And their fortunes (not within cookies, but folded up strips of cut out paper) were pretty funny.
5	Tao is my second favorite club in Vegas. This place is always crowded. Getting a Table & Bottle Service is the way to go. VIP all the way. I come here every single time I am in Vegas.
3	Yeah, Cathy Y. is not far off.  If you are a group of single girls, you should have no problem getting in and free.  The trouble starts once you are in and some really dirty guys are all up in it.  But how you choose to deal with that situation is up to you.  Some girls like eurotrash and Saudi kings in Vegas on vacation.  No problem, you will love this place.  It is truly ginormous. (OMG, that passed spellcheck, is ginormous really a word?)  The atmosphere was unique and fun and I appreciated all the different music areas. While the drinks are pretty good at the bar (pricey of course), avoid the shot waitresses that come around.  Those things are straight pucker and only 8% alcohol.Bottom line, if you are a group of single girls.  You can just show up (getting a VIP pass ahead of time is a good idea) and have a great night dancing and bouncing around to all the different clubs.  However, if you are with a group including guys, it might be worth getting a table.  Quite a hefty price tag but some of the tables in the place are in stellar locations for dancing and watching all the action.  Others are more removed and not worth whatever they cost.  The Vegas club scene is not my favorite way to party the night away, but it definitely is for some people. Spend some serious money and have some serious fun.
3	The coolest part of TAO Nightclub are those bathtub girls by the entrance. This is one of those clubs that I went to and will say "Okay... Been there, done that." There's 3 floors, but it's relatively small. I personally hated the room with all the Buddha in there. Kinda freaked me out when I was roaming the club drunk. Music was good, but the biggest problem with this club is that IT'S TOO CROWDED. I guess you should come here just to say you have been to TAO before, but I can definitely think of other spots I can party at in Vegas without feeling like a canned sardine.
3	Been here way too many times. There are good days and bad days. First time I went we had to wait an hour before getting in. I think that's because we were in the general admission line with a few guys. The last time I went, line was super long but once the security saw me and 4 other girls leave the line he told us to wait then walked us right to the front and we got in within a few minutes. If you have bottle service, you will have no problems getting in. They restaurant has good food and if you eat there you can get into tao faster than if you waited outside. They play so-so music, sometimes i hear replays. There are different rooms and the main roon has a really small dance floor and alof of times it's just jammed packed. Overall if you haven't been you you definately should go and give it a try. This place have good vibes
1	I hate this club SO much.  It is the sweatiest, nastiest, most overcrowded place ever.  After you actually get in to the club, trying to get to the dance floor involves going up stairs that are so crowded you move one step at a time completely surrounded by sweaty bodies.  The dance floor is way too small and it is impossible to dance, let alone even move.  All you really do is just stand there smashed up against other people, getting stepped on with stilettos, getting elbowed, getting pushed, getting your dress caught on other girls' jewelry, and getting other people's sweat on you.  SO disgusting.  People say the bathrooms are cool, but they are not even clean!  The way the door fogs up when you lock it is unique, but they have to have a guy check each stall before you go in to make sure people didn't do who knows what in there.  ugh.  hate this place.
3	We went there for one of my girl friends' bachelorette party on a Friday night.The Good:1. We walked in right away because we were put on the VIP list that afternoon. So no charge or wait. BIG plus!2. Good music to dance to! The Bad:1. So crowded; in fact if you don't have a table, expect to be pushed around 2. People smoke everywhere! Yike!
4	Been to Tao 4 or 5 times now. Once for Halloween, a few times because we stayed there, and once again this past weekend. They're doing much better of organizing the multitude of lines that you have to be in to get into the club.There's a line for Table Service, Guest List, Hotel Guest, General Admission and probably a Hot Girl line, but i'm no hot girl so i'll never see that line.Before this weekend there would basically be a hundred people milling around the front entrance trying to figure out which line was which and getting frustrated because you were in the wrong line and only to find out again you were in the right line but you're in the back now.They now have lines outside the casino/mall for the guest list and hotel guests and make you walk up the fire escape stairs straight up three stories to the pool area first. That pretty much sucked for all the girls in heels. You can head into the main area but you have to pass the bouncer directing everyone up to the top before you come back down into the main dance area.The girls got wrist bands for free drinks for the first hour and drank up until then. The place gets really crowded so don't be offended if some dude is grinding up on your ass because you're doing the same to him.
3	I've been to a lot of clubs in my lifetime, but this place was OK. it was so packed and crowded.. u didn't have room to dance. I know this is vegas but i've never had to pay $15 for a little drink in NYC. the music was ok, but what caught my attention was the fact that there tubs in the middle of the dance floor on platforms. That's cool.
1	I was in Las Vegas for my first time celebrating a Bachelorette party on the weekend of May 6, 2011.  At the time, I was in possession of a temporary license from the Georgia DMV because I had recently changed my last name.  In addition I had a credit card and debit card in my new married last name that matched my temporary license.  The Friday evening of our trip, I had no problem and was never questioned about my temporary license when we went to The Bank at the Bellagio.  My group was on the list for Tao from No Worry Nights.  To my surprise, when we went to TAO on Saturday night I was not allowed access because the head of security told me that my license was "no good".  I find that incredibly surprising when I can get through airport security at Hartsfield International and it is "good enough" for a police officer in any state, but it is not "good enough" for access to a nightclub.  While we were in line, a security guy or promoter made us group with a few guys, so that the guys could get in the club.  The guys paid $200 in order to skip the line and get in with us.  However, as soon as the guys got to the head of the line, they were told that it would be an extra $30 a person.  Talk about BRIBERY AND EXTORTION!!  I had read about it happening at Tao on other websites, but I never thought I would see it first-hand.  I was appalled by the treatment of the patrons at this horrible excuse for a nightclub.  The security would not even let me get my group that went into the night club before me!  No amount of consideration whatsoever.  It was overly evident that the treatment of clients is not important at this venue.  So, I had someone behind me gather my group and we headed down to LAVO where they let us in with no hassle.  And this [LAVO] is the same nightclub from the people who run TAO?  Inconsistency in practices and policies is never a good sign to me.
4	My sister and I had our sister's bachelorette celebration here and it was a success.  We booked a table directly through them which the price wasn't too bad if everyone pitches in and best of all, you don't have to wait in line.  Our server was the best!  She always made sure we had enough drinks and even stood by our table almost the whole night.  Music was great, too! This club is pretty big consisting 3 rooms but it does get crowded so try to arrive a bit early so you get a good spot (if you don't book a table).  Decor is really nice.  They are strict when it comes to dress code so make sure you dress to impress.
1	Went to TAO on a Thursday night at about 11 pm. We were able to get into the "shorter" line, but it still took about 45 minutes to get in. We weren't on any kind of guest list and didn't have any passes. We were just regular in-off-the-street people.Good Things:Um.... I guess we can say "we went to TAO"??Bad Things:*The stairs to get up to the main floor. Not so fun if you've been drinking.*It took me 15 minutes to find the bathroom. And I asked 2 bouncers. I'm not that dumb; the bathrooms are impossible to find.*WAAAAAAAAAAY too many people. I could barely move. Dance floor - could bare move. Walking from one room to another - could barely move. Bar - couldn't move at all.*20 minutes of waiting at the bar to get 2 drinks!*The "girls in the bathtubs with the rose petals" -- seriously? It's not hot, it's just trying too hard. The girls looked bored and it was awkward. They just sit there stroking themselves while people gawk at them. Creepy.*The crowd was your typical, "I'm in Vegas, look at me!" crowd of 21-25 year olds. My boyfriend and I decided to give it a fair shot and we stuck it out for about 45 minutes (the majority of which was spent waiting at the bar and looking for a bathroom) before leaving. What a waste of $80!!!If you want DANCE and BREATHE and have FUN, go elsewhere. But if you want to be pushed around and smashed between large crowds of people, while staring at some chic in a bathtub, TAO is your place!
5	This is a review for the nightclub:Got in on the guestlist w/ wristbands for open bar --  very nice :).  The club is beautiful but unfortunately I did not get to enjoy it as my friends made me leave early :(  The dance floor was pretty good though not as big as some.With the last 20 minutes or so I had before I was taken away from Tao I danced my ass off on the ledge next to the tables that oversee the main dance floor.  Rather enjoyed myself, I must say.My only two complaints: 1) it gets pretty hot in there so make sure you're keeping hydrated. 2) the system for the bathroom kind of sucks for girls, try to wait as long as you can before breaking the seal!!
4	Another Vegas trip, another trip to Tao, this time at the "Owner's Table" (douche alert). You figure this would be good. Nope. I'm going to have to knock off a star after being able to see how inefficient this place is setup while dancing on top of my table. With a bottle of cheap Ketel in my hand. Like the huge tool I am.Specifically, Tao's kind of annoying because there are obviously a few hotspots (and not even necessarily just the dance floors) that are ridiculously packed and make people want to throw some 'bows like Laimbeer in '90. The only place that can get worse at times is XS, but anyone of normal stature is cool there since most of the other patrons are 5'6" or shorter.Tao's experience could be significantly improved if they would just add a few more attractions to certain parts of the club to draw/disperse adjacent overcrowded areas. Take for example that awkward bar/curtained table section that's directly on your left when you exit the main dance floor. All you'd need to do is throw in another 2 girls massaging each other on antique Asian furniture to ease overcrowding. Or throw in that weird American Indian dude from the Black Eyed Peas who always seems to be around (last weekend being no exception). Actually, since this part of the venue is rife with either old dudes blowing Camel smoke everywhere or younger wallflowers leaning on that random wallshelf near the bathroom, make that 4 girls or 2 BEP members.See? Problem solved. I'm like the third Asian Waits brother.P.S. To the girl whose head I poured straight vodka on three or four times over the course of last Sat/Sun:Oops.
1	I'm not a fan of clubs, but this one takes the cake for worst club ever.Where should I start? Our buddy made a reservation here for dinner so we can get in the club. Note, you have to spend $30 dollars at dinner to get into the club. Everyone has to order something. That's fine...since it's expensive to get into the club anyways. The bad part starts after dinner - You get a stamp on your wrist to get into the club...or so you think. When you get up the stairs to the "club" area, the bouncer tells you that's not the right stamp to get into the club. It's the stamp to get in the "fasttrack" line to get into the club. Okay... so after waiting in a short line to go upstairs and find this out from the bouncer, we head outside of the club and realize there is a pretty long line to get back into the club and get the "correct" stamp. After waiting about 30 minutes of that, its back to waiting in line on the stairs to get into the actual club area on the second floor. Keep in mind, the other line without dinner or table service DOES NOT MOVE. AT ALL. If you think you can just stroll in at its peak hour, you are SOL.Anyways, we finally make it to the club area - it should be all gravy right? WRONG. There is not an inch of space to move around in this overrated, overhyped, overCROWDED club! On top of that, the bouncers are telling everyone to move all the time and keep the hallways clear...but there is nowhere to move to! The way it's set up, it's a narrow hallway once you enter with the big bar on the left. You have to turn 3 corners to actually get to the dance floor. We never even made it there because we couldn't get through all the people. The bathroom lines are insane because of the overcrowding. It's impossible to get a drink since you can't tell where the lines start and where people are just standing. It's shoulder to shoulder action up in this joint. The funny thing about this whole ordeal is, one of the people in our party didn't have a dress shirt so he had to go back and change while we were going through this process. I guess the dress code is pretty strict. When he finally got back 40 minutes later, we were all just about to get out of there and he was pretty pissed lol. I think Alli G. put it best when she wrote:"If you want DANCE and BREATHE and have FUN, go elsewhere. But if you want to be pushed around and smashed between large crowds of people, while staring at some chic in a bathtub, TAO is your place!"Seriously, if you want to get your dance on, this is not the place. The only reason I can think of going to TAO is to say "Yea, I've been to TAO."
4	My husband and I were in Vegas from May 12-15th.  We went to Tao Nightclub on the 12th and 13th and also had dinner there on the 13th.  First the Restaurant:The food and cocktails were both delicious.  I had the shrimp/crab/asparagus role and spicy tuna with avacado role for my entree.  Both were very good, especially the spicy tuna.  I had the orange dragon martini, which was also delicious.  Service was a little slow (even at 11:45 pm!) but the waiter was polite and helpful.  The only annoying thing about dinner was that in order to get free club entry after your meal, you have to make sure you order properly from the menu and then get your receipt checked, and THEN get your hand stamped, AND THEN go all the way to the front of the restaurant, wait in another line, and get stamped again to go back upstairs.  Maybe this is less burdensome if you are seated downstairs, but we were literally right next to the club entrance upstairs and it was kind of a pain to go all the way back out to get back in...But it was worth it for the club!  Yes, it was a small main dance floor, and yes the drinks were expensive, but the vibe there is amazing!  The club is beautiful, the music was great, the people were beautiful, the "dancing girls" were riveting, and the balcony had a great view of the strip.  I had more fun there than I have had in a very long time!  I highly reco
5	Maybe 5-stars is a little too much, but this was the 1st club I've ever been to in Vegas and I had the best time of my life there... yes, even better than Marquee, XS, you name it.  I've heard complaints that this club is small, but I thought it wasn't that small... it's split into different levels and different areas, all with slightly different tastes in music, which was great.  There's also an area outside, where Tao Beach is, and it was beautiful (though smaller than XS).  I love Tao because of the really unique feel there.  For example, when you walk in there's a hallway of elegant bathtubs with women bathing in them, in water with rose petals.... just makes you feel like you are in vegas.
5	Restaurant and club are very good. Always a good host. Waldo is a great VIP host there and always takes care of us and is excellent
2	Review's drinks only,too much straightening our drinks,table's fine, tres cherBathroom's way too far!Push through the crowded dance floor.At least there's TP
4	Hit up Tao a couple minutes past 11.  The line was already wrapped well around the second floor stores.  Luckily for us, we knew a promoter who got us in within minutes.  We managed to get in our girls for free, and the guys only had to pay 20 for cover on a Friday night.  All night long, the bartenders kept the drinks strong.  Expect to pay Vegas prices for drinks.  The main floor kept playing hip hop jams all night.  The outdoors played house music.  I liked the diverse music and crowd.  Most people in the crowd were pretty young as well.  The interior is really nice.  Be aware that it does tend to get more and more crowded as the night gets later.PROTIP:  Come during summer when its warm so they open up the outside areas; the party is alot more cracking when the outdoor cabanas are open.
4	Okay 3 stars for the food, but the overall ambiance and my experience gives it a bias ass star sue me...I guess living in L.A. for long periods of time does spoil you, with that said it would of took a group headless Samurai chefs to prepare and slice my meat at the table to impress me here but I digress.The best thing I had by far was the Kobe beef sashimi, this was superb the meat was melt in you mouth tender tore by the chopsticks me and my partner devoured this quickly. For my main course I chose the mandarin fried rice with duck, wasabi crusted filet mignon with the blandest tempura onion stack I've ever had.. (ahum) This was just pretty much what I expected though, the wasabi doesn't really come thru much at all so its basically just a crusty mess on top of your filetThe rice was equivalent to 1$ Chinese in my book and my partner had the coconut shrimp which I cant stand at any restaurant so Ill bite my tongue now... =)~ Their Lychee martini was slamming though!  Same as for my Sake, cant remember which one?I liked the decor we sat right  on the upper level directly across from the Buddha with the pond, eye candy for the soul... and its Vegas so you cant help but to love the random drunks screaming at the top of there lungs occasionally while you fine dine Bravo!!
4	This review is for the nightclub only but my experience at TAO was a good one. Went  to Vegas for Memorial Day weekend with a bunch of friends for a college reunion trip. Basically every single promoter we ran into  warned us that if we tried to go anywhere after 11pm on this weekend the capacity would be maxed out and we would be waiting in line for hours- this pretty much held true. We got to TAO around 10:30 (Where the line was already wrapped around the corner). By luck found the promoter we were talking to all day and he hooked us up with guys with a table who needed a group of girls to even out their ratio to get in. We were able to bypass the line and enter through VIP/Hotel Guests line and to top it off we got in for free! The club itself is gorgeous, like any other Vegas club- super chic, trendy, posh. It was three levels, has a roof deck and various rooms for dancing and socializing, a little bit of something for everyone! I was very surprised with prices of drinks. I honestly thought I would be paying 15$ a mixed drink but everything was moderately priced, a vodka soda was about 9$. All in all the venue was great- a club is a club it's what you make of it but as for space and atmosphere it was a great time! I think if your new to the Vegas scene and want a great place to go TAO should be at the top of your list!
3	After waiting in line & finally getting in the crowded venue, it wasn't long until one of my friends realized that she had misplaced her wallet near the bar.  (no bueno).  I don't think we ever got to enjoy dancing on every floor.  The decor is nice I suppose... statues & red lights... flower petals floating in water... candlelight.  I wasn't ready to leave the nightclub that night.  I felt like it could have offered so much more.  Till next time I guess...   I feel like there are other clubs nowadays I would much rather go to - if you're basing it off of who is performing that night.
2	the bistro is pricey but good food.  you have to want to go to enjoy the environment.the nightclub was subpar.  they played pop music and songs that are not fun to dance to unless you're drunk off your mind.
4	Asian fusion means that there is something for everyone. The duck spring rolls and pork potsticker dumplings were excellent. Sushi rolls were mediocre.
5	WHERE: Inside the Venetian!!WHEN: Thursday through Saturday, I believe.WHAT: It might be hard to believe, but this is actually one of my favorite local clubs!!! There are many downsides though- lines, getting in, crowds, etc., but aren't all clubs like that??!!Thursdays are local nights! So everyone with a local ID gets in free!! So don't forget to be there on time (usually by 9pm to get in the club first). There is usually an open bar for ladies from 10-11pm!! Mixed house vodka drinks!!Fridays & Saturdays are the busiest nights!! The crowds are usually OFF-THE-HOOK, but the thing is, tao likes to pack the club to its maximum capacity! So there may be some annoyance there. They just keep letting people in, to the point where you just want to give up and leave! (I've done that a couple times, because noone likes to be pushed and shoved around!)On a brighter note, music is great!! They have every type of music!! There is the main room, and a smaller room (where they usually play hiphop & all that jazz).*NOTE: Get there early because lines can be crazy long! Don't forget to take a cab back home if you're a local and drinking!! Or, sober up!! Grab something to eat!! =D (earls is open 24 hours, haha!)
5	Hit up Tao on June 3, 2011 while we were in Vegas.  Overall a pretty cool club that gets super crowded.  What I really enjoyed was the people watching and the club's atmosphere.  The girls sitting in the tubs were interesting as well....
5	Tao is great but such a pain in the a*s to get in, always a huge line and run around from the door men. Have your concierge get you in. If you're a hot lady, no problems!By the way, calling days ahead to get on the guest list only gets you into another long line outside watching random people getting escorted into the club.  Great club but such a pain to get in unless you buy bottle service.
3	MASSIVE club in the Venetian. The decor of the club, like the hotel, is gorgeous. The line was super long out the door, but we were able to skip the line and join our group inside. Doesn't hurt if you're a pretty lady. Super hot girls in bathtubs with rose petals and doing some crazy acrobatic poses along the walls. Music was on point, but it is beyond loud and overcrowded here. I could barely move, much less dance. Finally decided to move to the lounge area when this drunk dude stood near me, swayed a little, and actually leaned forward and tried to sip my jack and coke lol. Too much for me, I had to go. Apparently alot of celebs go there and Nelly was performing that night but honestly, I had no idea until the next day.
2	Huge club, lot's of people but it's a very posh pick-up joint. Wear your Rolex (fake, of course), rent/test drive the Porche/SR1/Ferrari and claim it's yours, buy expensive clothes (leave tag on so you can take it back the next day and still make rent), etc.  The people there are very plastic.  The dance floor was so packed that you couldn't move.  I felt like I was in a rush hour train in NY with some chick fingering my back pocket, trying to fish a bill from my wallet (true story - and, by the way, I keep my wallet in my FRONT pocket for that very reason).The music was OK but Studio 54 was a lot more fun.  If you're one of those party people who has to have the name TAO on their night-life resume, then great.  I'm more interested in having a good time, having a real conversation and making a real friend that's not based on what you drive, wear or consume.The food, however, was great.  Orange Chicken, spicy tuna, num!  I usually eat here at least once every time I come to Vegas.
5	First Vegas trip ever culminated in visiting my first nightclub in Vegas: Tao. Luckily for us, we planned ahead of time to save some money. On the website bestofvegas.com we found a deal for two day passes that grant access to both TAO and LAVO night clubs. For women the cost was $30, for men, $50. Not sure if it's much of a deal but as I explain my experience, you will see where it was beneficial to us. We arrived at the site of TAO, the Venetian, another hotel filled with gambling, food, attractions etc. We took a cab from the MGM costing us a reasonable $10. TAO was located on the second floor and to our amazement there was a massive line wrapped around the elevators. Seeing as to how alcohol inside was likely to be ridiculously expensive, we purchased a bottle of sky vodka at the gift shop right next to the elevators. Unfortunately for us, $25 is still expensive for a medium sized vodka bottle. As we made our way to the proper line (there had to be three to five different lines) we noticed a handful of security guards patrolling around the area ensuring safety and preventing drinking in the area and prohibiting bringing in any drinks to the nightclub. Luckily, there was a cool security guard who gave us a couple extra minutes to down the vodka before having to confiscate our drinks, right on sir.Our planning ahead came in handy as we were directed to the proper line to enter TAO. With our proof of purchase vouchers, we quickly advanced to the entrance within 10 minutes of lining up whereas the other lines progressed at a very slow pace (another temporary line forms near the entrance with groups of chicks being let in-assumed to be hookers or bride to be). As soon as we made it to the counter, we showed our vouchers, received our wristbands that were good for two nights for two clubs. We made out way past the first floor of the building to the stairs to gain access to the upper levels. As we walked up, we noticed the music getting louder, more peopled, girls in lingerie using objects to caress one another and bars all around. TAO is a massive nightclub. There are three floors which you can hang out on, with bottle service available on each one. There's a dance floor on the second level and the third level has pools (sorry, you can't jump in it) and an open area to hang out in. There's several choices of music as each floor has different rooms with DJs spinning different tracks. The bars as you would suspect are pricey with $13 per drinks that have alcohol in then and beers for $9. I didn't use the bathroom but appeared tricky to find. There is a nice patio to hangout in in case a breather is needed. On this particular night (Thursday) there were a lot of people but not to the point of where it's so crowded you can't move. Luckily, if your tired on the pool level there is a small area where you can sit if you get lucky.TAO was a great experience and we got our money's worth. It's worth checking out and if you do go, you should invest in the vouchers for a quicker entrance.
2	Oh TAO, I've heard so much about you but I'm gonna have to agree with andrea v. with her statement "overrated with a crazy line"How not to wait? Bring an all girls party with you. The more, the better. As my friends have noticed, TAO seems to go for quantity over quality. Yea, feel free to grab the next scantily dressed girl to add to your party so you can get in faster.How to get free booze? Arrive before 11pm and do the "how not to wait" part.And after getting enough booze, exit. Because there's really no dance space. They over pack this place so ridiculously it should be shut down for fire hazard.
3	There was only the three of us with my twin brother and I celebrating our 22nd Birthday. We arrived at the club close to midnight before it hit our real birthday. There was a huge line right in front of the entrance and immediately I thought, "Crap, here I'll be in line celebrating my 22nd Birthday waiting". Luckily for us, one of the security guards told us that we had to get on the Guest List line on the other side of the entrance. Apparently, I didn't get the memo that they only allow Hotel Guests from the Venetian to enter the club. I freaked out a bit and another security came up to me because I was visibly upset. He said that he could get me in the club for the cover price of us all paying $50 each. So for a second I thought, Screw it I'll just take the offer because it beats trying to find another club nearby. A few other people seen him negotiating a deal with me, but who cares I got in less than 15 minutes lol. He called the Tao Club Owner to meet us by the ATM machine and therefore we were greeted to the front of the line with our now "VIP Tickets" in hand. Yeaaaahhh Boy! So let me just say that once we got in the main floor upstairs, it was SUPER SUPER crowded. There was hardly any room to walk with people literally being elbow to elbow. So, we instead went to another room which was pretty small but good enough for us to find an area to dance. The room was pretty lively and there we were set off to dance. The drinks are what you expect because most drinks in Vegas at the bar are above the $9-$15 range. We danced and this dude bumped into me pretty hard. I guess he thought I was going to hit him or something do he extended his arm to give me a handshake, lol. We exited out of that room since they closed it pretty early. Got back to the main room and met a couple of people. The drink servers were pretty friendly as well, so they got a few good tips from me. Then here comes the motherload! The security tells me to step aside for a bit because someone was coming through. So happens it to be Ron Artest which I thought was pretty cool. He wasn't there for that long and maybe stayed there for like 30 to 45 minutes. The crowd was dying down around 4 and we left as the Club was heading to a close.So far, I would say theres probably way better clubs out there than this one. It was way too many people and not much room for dancing. Maybe if you find like a more open area you will have a good time. I had a pretty good time, but overall the Air Bar in the Stratusphere was well worth it. Maybe because we stayed in that Hotel. Not a lively atmosphere as Tao, but we brought out the liveliness to the Bar. Super Fun!! I think I should start my review on that one. Anyways, not much of a review just a summary of my first experience there. See ya! Greetings from Stockton, Cali!
2	Not very impressed. I have some questions...why was there a geriatric population in the club? And why did the DJ suck balls? Large ones at that. And why were there no beautiful people for me to enjoy? At all. BUT....I am completely I'm love with the blonde bartender handling the bar on the upper level. She was theee shit. I love you miss. Forever. And I also have a tiny crush on her partner--the Asian bartender as well. :)
5	The best club I've ever been to in Las Vegas, or anywhere. Music-- incredible mix of what's on the bleeding edge right now along with crowd-pleasers like songs from Journey (Thanks DJ reach!) Drinks - the bars are crowded, so you'll have to fight to get to the front, but once you get there you'll enjoy well made, strong drinks. Prices are average. Atmosphere -- very fun-- the second floor has go-go dancers, as well as a girl that comes down out of the ceiling a la cirque du soleil. Everyone here is looking to have a good time. I got very little "creepy dude" vibes here.
4	This is a graand club, which is why... This is almost like a default club for me... out of one of the nights on a mini getaway for a  weekend of sin, this place is usually attended.   I'll talk about bottle service since i'm sure there is enough yelps on the club itself.Experienced having B.Service on 3 spots of Tao... so far =P#2. Roof Top w/ the really far bathroom that you have to travel pass an Olympic sized pool to get too =P  but definitely a good scene to be at out of the 3 because you have AIR! at the same time getting your party on...#3. Middle section (balcony) which overlooks the Main dance floor with the bathtubs and dancers surrounding it.. you go up the stairs after the Mens B.Room on the main floor.  this is nice if you are with a fatty group and somewhat want to be secluded since only your table and whoever else has tables will be around you. You have a view of the entire party and can definately people watch while getting drunk and having a great time with the people you are with.#1. Main Floor... ground level where the dance floor is table service, rite smack center of the main.  Good thing about this spot is that its roped off and bouncers enforce it strictly! you are in the heart of the party WITH ROOM! (thanks to bouncers/security and red rope block).  If you are a mingler, like to be around the crackin spot, and an opportunity to meet someone new and make friends every minute... this is the spot, this is my #1 of the 3 comparison.
2	If I could describe this place in one word, the word would be "overrated!"Crazy lines, takes forever to get in, and when you do finally get in, it's a typical night club with drunks in it.I must say that the inside decor is pretty cool and it's really spacious inside.
1	This club was boo-boooooooooo! First of all, they had us climbing 20 flights of stairs only to have us come back down to the third level [a level above the restaurant]!! It was SO packed that I was unintentionally [or maybe intentionally] groped the entire frickin' night! And the people that work for the club, the ones in suits, are douche lords. [The ones in red shirts were awesome though! lol] Never going  back to this OVER-RATED ass club!!
3	A very spacious venue but people are packed in like sardines in a can.  There's hardly any space to walk around let alone room for dancing.  The line to this club wraps around and if you come late, you probably won't get in unless you: 1) tip the bouncer, 2) get in with a bunch of girls if you're a guy, or 3) ditch your guys if you're a girl.Last time I came here, I ate dinner and got a stamp to get in.  That's actually the best option.  You just need to spend about 30 bucks a person on dinner and you can cut the line and get in for free.This club used to be better way back when.  Now, it's just overrated.  There are way better clubs in vegas with better music, venue, and people.
4	Poppin bottles on ice.. like a blizzard. This place is popppppinnnn! The music is blasting, a ton of people, hot go-gos, lots of tables, and bars. The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars would be the dance floor. It's not that big. You're gauranteed to dance shoulder to shoulder with that one really sweaty guy next you. Other than that, this place is awesome!
4	I don't know why this place doesn't have a higher rating but whatever. I had a blast coming here with my friends on a Friday night and another great thing was that we were able to get in for free, thanks to my promoter Mike Nagar =)Since we were on the guestlist, we came here a little before opening, got in after like 15 minutes, and we were lead to the Tao Beach area. Omg... the stairs to go up to the club was soooo tiring... I wish there were elevators. But it was okay... a great thing was that it was open bar for ladies for 2 hours, so me and my girlfriends totally took advantage of that, and gave some to our guy friends as well. The drinks were good and strong too.The Tao beach area was a cool place to chill and talk with other people. There are some couches to sit and and multiple bars. We later went to the main room and started dancing the night away... I can't really explain too much about that experience because by then I was really super drunk, haha. All I remember was that it was crowded, good music, and blurry visions of the area. Overall, I had a blast and me and my friends can't wait to go back. I only took one star off only because 1. it was really crowded and 2. The stairs to go up to the club and 3. they X'ed me as I was leaving because I was really drunk haha. Thank you open bar.
3	I finally had the opportunity to go to Tao last night for a quick bite and the experience wasn't all that I had expected it to be, honestly.It's a trendy, dimly lit, noisy restaurant nightclub.  I can only comment on the restaurant part because getting into the nightclub required queuing which we didn't have time.We sat in these long, curvy leather couches since there was 45 minute wait for a table because we didn't have reservations.  It took a while to find someone to take our drink and appetizer order.  The food is mediocre at best; my friend had chicken satay skewers and I had the tao salad.There were a lot of scantily clad women, all writhing to the music, some sandwiched by  men.  We were a little early, before 11pm, so by the time we left, I'm sure the place was really smoking.Hey, it's Las Vegas, so party on for those who want to be seen and wake up with a major hangover =)
4	Easily one of Vegas' most popular clubs. When i say that, expect a younger crowd and long ass lines! Seriously, the general admission line was bananas and it looked like a line for a ride at Disneyland.Luckily for me, i had some VIP bracelets and got right in otherwise I think I would have rated Tao 3 stars! Some of the doormen here as such assholes..after i had already PAID for some pre-purchase entrance bands that guaranteed express entry from Vegas.com, one of the asshole doormen tried telling me that we had to bring in 1 girl to come in for free but if we gave him a small tip he'll let us in. My tip to him was to STFU! So his boss comes out and lets us in right away.Once inside, this club was super nice and SUPER packed. Everybody was jammed like a can of sardines and it was next to impossible to dance or navigate around the main dance floor. I felt bad for the people still standing in the general admission line because it was already this full, I could have imagined how bad it got later on.Tao was the only night we didn't get table service, and drink prices were fair for Vegas. Obviously more then back home, but not too excessive. Patron and Grey Goose shots were $13so nothing too ridiculous. Definitley would come here again! If you do the 3 in 1 passes like I did, be persistent about it. I didn't get hassled at Tao Beach or Lavo, just at Tao. At $50 its a great deal since general admission here was $40 for guys the night i went. We also saw Carmelo Anthony and Lala hosting Lala's birthday party. I think I would do table service just to have a "chill" spot instead of being packed onto the dance floor. But other then that, music was good, my team was strong, and the girls were looking right! good times!
1	I don't know why my group of friends do it every time, but somehow, we end up at TAO almost every trip. I've been here about 4 times, and each time I had a bad experience. First, the lines are ridiculously long and the bouncers are incredibly rude. We've done it all - come early, get on a guest list, bribe - and each time we get a new bad experience with the bouncers. One incident, we were early in line, on the guest list and even spoke with the manager. I was wearing a button down short sleeve shirt and dress shoes. The bouncers let us wait in line for an hour, then when we were finally getting in, he took me out of line and said I wasn't up to code. My really good friend asked to speak to the manager, and they eventually let us in, but that was absurd. When I actually went inside, I was better dressed than half the people there!Second, the bouncers are tricky when you get in inside. When they think you are drunk, they pretend they will give you water or give you air. Little do you know that they are actually escorting you out of the club. I definitely understand that there is a liability, but they separate you from your group and we lost a couple of people and never realized it until hours later. On top of that, I had one friend who definitely drank too much, and I was there to pick her up, but they would not allow me to. They sent her in an ambulance, and when I got to the hospital, the doctors said she wasn't even that drunk. Apparently the security at Tao are doctors and can judge when a friend can go on their own. Finally, the drinks are ridiculously priced, the place is way too crowded and the pictures of the Dalai Lama in on the walls are just absurd. Now we know the dj at Tao so we never have to wait in line or pay cover; yet we refuse to go there because of the terrible experiences.
2	Had pre-paid tickets ($10 girls/$20 guys ... a great deal compared to XS, Encore, etc.) from wantickets.com that helped us skip the general admission line that wrapped around the escalator area in front of TAO. We were let in within about 30 minutes, yay! However, TAO on a TAO "Worship Thursday" during EDC weekend for ATB (who was SICK! ATB! ATB! ATB!) was packedpackedpacked... maybe it was because it was also EDC weekend or because ATB was performing, but seeing everyone else's reviews, I wouldn't blame it on either. Like what Lauren L. states... TAO is unfortunately very small compared to the newer clubs like XS and Marquee, and management doesn't mind packing everyone in like sardines. Additionally, the bouncers treat you like shit unless you've purchased a table/bottle service. Also, bathrooms are sketch... the doors have a weird lighting effect controlled from outside that allows those from outside to see whats going on inside, and the doors don't lock properly (be warned of possibly getting locked in or being walked into whilst mid-business -_-)...If you want to enjoy TAO... gather up friends to purchase a table and tip the bouncers. Otherwise, get buzzing so that you don't mind rubbing shoulders with everyone.
3	In general, I don't go out to clubs all that often.  Pay money to get into a room that is way too packed and too loud that it needs to be?  Pass.  But in Vegas, it's almost a given that we have to go...so at least with Tao, it didn't cost as much as it could have!  In order to avoid eating somewhere and then coming back to a line, we ended up eating at Tao.  Beyond the convenience, it saved quite a bit of money too - rather than wait in line, you can go straight up to the club after exiting and then immediately re-entering so that they can check ID's.  No line and no cover for our party of 12?  Not too bad.The meal wasn't anything spectacular - okay, but pricey.  However, since paying for the meal was essentially the cover, it kinda made up for it in a way though.  Kinda.  I wanted to load up on some carbs drinking and ordered the Lobster and Kimchi fried rice along with the Angry Dragon Roll.  Pretty boring, I know.  Overall, the food was pretty lackluster, especially given the price.  The roll tasted fine, but it was like what you could find at just about any decent Japanese restaurant.  I thought the fried rice was lacking in lobster meat and  flavor, but the kimchi satisfied my craving for Korean food (could have been a bit more potent and spicy though).As for the club, it takes up a lot of space, but it wasn't exactly spacious.  The decor is nice and they have go-go "dancers" around to liven up the place.  In the apparent main room though, the VIP section is almost right in the center of everything, so navigating around was difficult with all of the people.  At least they had a couple of bars going so that we didn't ever have to walk too far.  As more people started filing in though, we ended up going upstairs and spending the rest of our night outside by Tao Beach.  Despite being a hot summer night, it was still cooler outside than it was inside.No huge problems with Tao, but having gone to XS on our second trip (Tao was on the first), I'd rather go back there or check out somewhere new than hit Tao again.
5	*Note I had bottle service and was partying with Miss USA and Universe*So this place (being asian I had to embrace it once) was really really fricken cool. I'd been to a lot of the other clubs around the strip and have found other than Haze and Marquee, Tao is the next best thing. Great mix of music, multi level of hanging out, large and somewhat spacious dance floor. I found that even my friends who didn't like clubs came here and liked it. They do have a smaller more quiet room before you exit with an ok DJ, but the main room is where the party was. Cool security guards and friendly waitress' they helped make this a great night. Cheers and Enjoy a night at TAO Nightclub. .... maybe one night I'll venture into the Bistro part of this place.
4	Good food, bit overpriced but it covers you for the nightclub and there is no line. I like the pool and rooftop they have going..the bouncers and security people were nice and gave me vip pass to my fav dj. The dance floor was packed but had enough exits. The tables with girls and promoters were segregated but everyone was having a good time. Sorta just the large club scene you would imagine with the girls dancing in skimpy outfits, someone flying overhead, house music, top 40, celeb bdays etc.
4	Not gonna lie: only went to tao restaurant so we could get into Tao club. They ream you for that privilege though. You have to order an entree and the entrees are all $30+. On the upside, you don't have to wait or pay for the massive line after 1030pm. If you like insanely loud music with good DJ's and a crowded see and be seen spot this is the place for you. Two things which I think are funny about Tao are the women in the tubs as you walk in. See: http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/UGTeYTBKeTN_hRV57DcRNw/l.jpgAlso, the women who stand there and massage each other as you walk up the stairs: http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/21uMcKPBWTx83Jfc6BgehQ/l.jpgand http://s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/QYSQoyqvS1hvQ1MA_x8b-w/l.jpg
3	It was a Friday and they already started closing parts off around 2:30am. Are you kidding me?  The entry line is weird. It is sectioned off into 3 different waits or something. The wait to get in totaled about 20 min. The usher letting us in was shady. He let people behind us in before us. Shady. Boo... Oh well, at least we got in FREE. We were dancing on the second floor, but I missed out on seeing the ladies with pasties, dancing in petal-laden tubs. Sad face... Lol. Now when I heard this was the Asian Invasian club in Vegas, they were not kidding. It was like all the college Asian parties I've ever been to were happening all at once. That's how many people there seemed to be. It was crowded in there! The dancefloor was way too congested so we spent most of our night by our VIP table. Lol. Now my favorite moment was an odd one. I was walking to the bar and some cute dude pinched my nose and smiled at me, then he disappeared into the crowd. That was really funny. Crowd was mostly late 20's or 30's, diverse but a whole lot of Asians. Music was the latest techno/house/top 40 remixes. LOVED the music!
3	First of all: this place was all hyped up with EDC weekend in vegas a few weeks ago. The line was balls-out nuts insane and looked around the escalators. I couldnt even tell where the end of the line was with so many people crammed up in line with bouncers trying to regular and girls letting their girls cut the line when they arent looking.After going inside, I was happy to see that its three levels. the Bottom level seemed so dead, why were people even there? I guess for the top 40?The 2nd level with the huge look around bar was decent. But you have to go all the way or around or squeeze through the crowd near the bar to get to the dance floor area. Then they have this area thats closed off and girls only apparantly: BS. you're lucky your drinks are somewhat cheaper than all the other nightclubs. $8 beers and $13 drinks here and there isnt bad at all. with ATB DJing that night, it def made it better. But damn, this place was so damn crowded and it was so hard to get around, it was frustrating.the place is nice, but not that nice. This would be one of the last nightclubs on my mind if i was to choose between 4 other ones.
3	I've been to Tao a bunch of times now. Last time I was here thought it was stupidly crowded but we got free drinks, and comped cover. I'm still always fascinated by the frosting bathroom doors, but hey maybe that's just my inner nerd. It's cool that they give you sandals so you can take off your painfully high heels as you stagger back to your hotel room. The cause of that staggering may not be as clear. Anywho, Tao's a standard as a Strip nightclub, but I would say there are better options out there.
4	When I'm here I'm usually about 15 shots deep.  So sadly I don't remember much about TAO, especially since I got kicked out early on one night after people kept feeding me expensive drinks at the bar.  However, from my vague memories of the place, I think it had really nice decors, and the dancefloor was apparently SUPER crowded because a part of my dress broke from all the inevitable body-rubbing action.4 stars for all the fun I don't really remember having.-1 star for my broken expensive dress and some possible points of regret that will hopefully remain forgotten.
5	Had an AWESOME dinner here with fabulous service (from the guy who got money shoved in his mouth by Scott on Keeping Up With The Kardashians heehee).  Due to ingesting lots of sake I can't tell you all that I ate, but I DO remember the Tuna Tartar on the Crispy Rice Cake cause it rocked my world!  Our other fav's were all appetizers so try a few.
4	Like basically everyone else here, this review is for the club only, not the restaurant.This was a great place to go for my very first Vegas club experience.  Got the wristbands online for $50, which came with access to a very short line that took us about 10 minutes to get through (as opposed to the regular line which I've heard can take up to 2 hours).  Best part about the wristbands was the fact that they came with unlimited access to Tao Beach and Lavo for the weekend (although we skipped Tao Beach completely).Pretty standard stuff once you get inside, and as advertised, there was women in tubs wearing nothing but flower petals and lots of Asian-inspired statues.  Also as advertised, the club was obscenely crowded, and yet, unlike with most other places, "crowded" is not necessarily a bad thing.  It was a bit difficult to navigate the top floor, but after a few spins through, everything made sense.Not sure who the DJ was that night, but he did an okay job, minus the fact that he seemed set on playing "Like a G6" as many times as possible through the night and ended up playing it about six times in the course of 4 hours (seriously, eff that song).  They also dropped confetti the one time that "Party Rock Anthem" came on.  Pretty cool stuff.  Also, while the dance floor was very crowded, it wasn't too difficult to navigate.  The women were fun and good-looking on this particular night, most were not of the overly stuck up type (nor were they accompanied by muscle heads with spray tans), but of course, I'm sure that this depends on the night.I've heard that bottle service is the best at Tao, but I think it really depends on whether you know what you're doing.  Our group didn't pay for bottle service here, but a friend of a friend was having his bachelor party here and their group had reserved bottle service in advance.  We joined them later in the night and it was fine, except that the table was located on the first floor in a packed away corner.  If you're going to do bottle service, be sure you get in a good spot or I would have to say that it's completely not worth it.I'd have to say that I've mostly had less than stellar club experiences, but this was quite easily the best.  Despite the fact that there are literally dozens of other options in Vegas, I would be more than willing to come back here again.  And soon.
2	This place is way overrated. The vibe is blah, and the decor is mediocre at best. I've been to enough Asian-themed places to be impressed by a couple of large Buddha statues lying around. Really? You're gonna have to do a little better than that. We stayed at the Venetian so luckily we were able to get in without paying cover. They give all the girls these bracelets for free drinks. However, the bracelets are only good for the generic stuff so don't be expecting Grey Goose, Patron, or any other top-shelf labels. Our bartender was a complete toolbag. A couple of us Asian girls were all waiting around patiently to get his attention, but he helped the white girls who came after us instead. Oh, haiiilllll no. When my friend complained about his rudeness, he had the audacity to ask us to leave. First of all, if you're going to be working at an Asian nightclub with a predominantly Asian crowd, show a little respect to the Asians who want nothing from you but a couple of stiff drinks. And secondly, quit being a jackass.Moving forward, the club was so packed! And not in a good way, as in there was no room to dance. I got drinks spilled on me so many times that I lost count after the fifth time. Unless you get bottle service there is simply no place to sit or dance. Also, TAO has the strangest layout. There's a second floor but it's mostly just bathroom stalls. Every time you look up you see a bunch of girls standing in line looking bored. Like I said, weird. And a total buzzkill. Naturally, I probably won't be going back to this place after such a disaster of a night. There are way better clubs out there. Goodbye TAO, you can kiss my (authentic) Chinese ass and suck it!
3	Good food, but I do remember it being better the first time I went. I'm not sure if the quality went slightly down or I have had a lot of good food the past couple years it just wasn't as good as I thought. We all had a variety of dishes from the filet mignon, sweet and sour chicken, thai noodles....stuffed shrimp and a dessert I can't remember. Nothing was bad but not the best and if not for the free club admission later I would say overpriced.Lighting sucked for dinner - you prob wouldn't know you got served the wrong dish, until you started eating. Server wasn't there much and it was hard to get his attention but busser was around more so we used him to get drinks and such. The good thing about eating dinner is that going to the club later is free with no wait in line!
5	Excellent food.  I would definitely visit this place again whenever I go back to Vegas.  The atmosphere is really nice too.
1	okay whats up with the good reviews for this place? all i thought about when i entered this place was that it reminded me of my high school dance. the music was complete crap. sorry but i don't wanna hear Mariah Carey at a vegas club. rarely any seats. being that most of the girls are wearing 4inch & higher heels, walking up the stairs to enter the club is such a bitch. umm yeah never again. luckily i was on the guestlist and got in for free or else i would have been SUPER pissed.
4	Very solid club.  Great crowd, great DJ, very nice decor, reasonable drinks.  I had a very good time here on a recent Friday night.
3	We had a lot of fun at Tao but it was really crowded. The promoter, Ric Ruiz was awesome. I notified him last minute and he was able to get us in the guestlist. We really appreciate that!!! Girls had free well drinks for an hour and the bartender hooked us up a lot. The only thing I have to say is that it is way too crowded there. I went with 9 other people and we barely had any space to dance. We circled for a long time into each rooms to find our spot. We left early (usually I would stay till 4am at XS) because there was too much people and there wasn't enough room to breathe.
5	Great food. Great ambiance. Well worth the price and the wait. Don't forget to  make reservations in advance.
3	Went to Tao nightclub on a Friday and it was freakin packed! No room to dance on the main dance floor!? So we left and went tot the smaller room and it was dark in there but they played good music! Hate how there was so many stairs to get up to the club and to the restroom! We stayed maybe 2 hours only just cause we got on the Glist and didnt have to pay so didnt care to leave early!
4	This review is for the nightclub only! I've been to TAO twice since turning 21 and had a blast both times. Our group was always 1:1 ratio of girls to guys or more girls. Oddly enough, us guys got in for free when it was 1:1, and we had to pay $20 when we had more girls in our group. Meh, whatever, probably depends on which promoter you use. The nice thing about having girls in your group (aside from their company) is that they can shuttle you drinks during the "free drinks for girls for 1 hr" period. We took advantage of that deal both times, and it makes me laugh at the large groups of guys who paid up the wah-zoo for bottle service, just to have most of it consumed by girls that come to their tables and jet off without so much as a "thanks, losers." I got happy-drunk both times, and didnt spend a dime on drinks.They opened up TAO Beach one of the times I was there, and it's pretty cool. Open atmosphere, good music, and comfortable chairs to sit on while you look at the beautiful people around you. Can't beat that.Why not 5 stars? Because the dance floor can get pretty packed. Expect to have about 90% of your body in contact with another person at all times.
1	On May 28th our group was charged roughly an additional $800 for table service. Our waitress charged us an excess of 2 additional bottles not ordered by our group. In addition she ordered her self an additional 4 drinks of champagne for herself at $23 a drink. Waitress profited generously that night since 20% tip is automatically included ($403 Tip). I talked to management with no response.   This overcharge was an end to a bad experience considering that we paid for VIP tickets from Vegas.com for Front of the Line entry only to find out that they had oversold these tickets and the wait was 1 hour. Our only option to get in an expedited manner was to purchase bottle service.Be careful with the wait staff and FOL passes.
3	***Tao Conundrum***1. Enter club2. Security asks hot girls if they would like to dance on the ledge by the main dance floor3. Vain girls accept offer to shake their money maker                                        ILLUSTRATION                       ==========================                                              Hot Girls                       ==========================                        x     x              x            x            x                            x    x      Dance Floor    x  xx x                           ?????????????????????????                                        35+ year olds                        _________________________The music is good (top 40 mashes) with no house / trance junk.  So if you are with a group of friends and aren't concerned about spitting game to baby boomers you're in good shape.  Seriously I saw people that looked 10+ years older than my dad (no disrespect)...and they were asian so that means the actual age was really 20+ years older!Things to know:1. 3 lines.  If you're a guest of the hotel always go in that line even if you're on the guest list.  They will check that line first and let you in much faster.  2. Guys can get comped for free so plan ahead3. They give you a free voucher for Tao Beach4. They may have open bar from 10:30 - 11:30 for ladies (we went on a saturday night non holiday weekend)Conclusion:The clientele is old....err "mature"....so go without expectation to see a young crowd.  Otherwise, strap on your beer goggles and have a good time because the music is enough.
1	Don't waste you're money on bottle service at Tao in a VIP section. I've seen better quality booth seating at a Denny's. $3000 to basically wait on line like everybody else. Our "roped off area" a complete joke. Tao allowed ugly fat wanna be's to hang out in our area, drink our booze and then 30 minutes after we were seated they split our section in half and sat another group. Horrible vibe from the rude staff!!! If you're going to go, just pay the regular cover, buy a drink or two, then mooch off of the classy people in their lame VIP sections.
4	this review is more about the Dining at the Bistro!!!On the very expensive side considering its chinese food....$36.00 per person for the peking duck??? in monterey park, that would be crazy talk, like u should be closed down crazy talk...I guess in vegas they follow a different standard than Sam Woo though....A few positives about the place would be their coconut butterfly shrimp...simply the best i've ever had...such an easy dish to prepare but it was perfect...extra large tiger prawns deep friend with shreds of coconut then a light tangy sauce (not a traditional sweet&sour) .... Orange chicken had white breast in them, didnt make it taste any healthier but it was delicious...mixed veggies dish..skip it, we had it b/c the girls at the table requested a not entire carnivorous supper...sizzling beef is a safe pick, it was tender with black pepper flavor....Def recommend this place over PF ChangsThe perk of dining here is that you dont have to wait in line for Tao night club and it gets you free entrance so that saves another 25.00 per person... they already tapped that onto your meal though so its a wash...overall, it was well worth it, i mean if you go get dinner somewhere else you still have to wait in line for another hour and then pay the entrance fee....something to consider!!!!!
1	I. HATE. THIS. CLUB.The only cool thing about it, is the walk up to the club. It's really freakin' awesome.Other than that, the club is layered in three floors. The door men are the douchiest on the Strip! (And that is saying something, especially because Criss Angel is on the Strip daily.)The music here is lame. The people that show up here are lame. This place is also an Asian Fest. I love Asians, but if you aren't Asian, you will be waiting in line forever and ever and ever. Even if you are on the guest list.One reason I hate this place so damn much was that after waiting in the guest line, Kevin Federline shows up and cuts me. Are you kidding me? It I told you I fucked Britney Spears, would you let me cut too? He's not even relevant anymore. This place sucks more than all the Hoovers in the world combined!
2	This review is long overdue for Tao. I went to Vegas with a group of friends a few weeks ago, and most of them have never been to Tao. Since I had a promoter connection, I thought it would be a good idea to check it out; didn't matter anyway since we got in-house passes for staying at the Venetian. I'm Asian and I'm offended. It was my second time at Tao, and believe me, the experience didn't get any better even when slightly tipsy and with very good company. Like what other people said in their reviews, the layout at Tao is ridiculous. It's all very pretty and rose petally and giant buddha-y, but the first floor with the entrance to the club is reserved for tables only. So when you go in, you're immediately ushered up the stairs to the main dance floor and bars. First floor wasted. And that was where the giant Buddha was! Man, some people would like to have some fun around our own cultural/religious relics, okay?Second floor. It's literally a maze because the walkways are so narrow. It's actually quite spacious, but the dance floors are totally blocked off by one passageway with some rose petal dancers lined up against the walls. My friends and I had a bad encounter with a bartender too. Even though we had free drinks bracelets (good for before 11PM), the bartender said, no well drinks only, even though my friend got a cranberry vodka from another bartender. He said this to 3 Asian girls in front of him with their boobs practically dangling out. Geez, talk about not having yellow fever? Don't freaking work at Tao, dude. Dance floor sucks. I also feel like I'm squeezing my way through narrow passageways with people's sweat dripping all over me. There is a random elevated walkway/stage that is also roped off. The bouncers and guards are so much stricter here than other clubs like XS. They're like "no leaning against the walls". Mister, don't you see that I was practically pushed against this wall? Not my fault! I guess I'm spoiled by outdoor clubs like the ones in Encore, but oh god, Tao is so suffocating because it has no ventilation whatsoever. There is a tiny balcony that 30 people pack into like sardines because it's the only escape we have. Even then, the balcony's used for smokers and all I smell is the second-hand smoke killing my lungs instead of real fresh (desert) air. I gave this a two-star instead of one because I'm assuming the experience is slightly better if you have the $$ for bottle service, or if you're a very available, single lady looking to work your way into one of the tables.
4	Tao will always be a staple in Vegas nightlife. Its not the newest one but I always dig the music and have a good time dancing. True it gets very crowded, and the general admission line gets crazy long, but everyone pretty much expects that from Vegas.I'd choose going here over the newer nightclubs that don't invest in good DJs.
1	This place is stupid. I hate it and you should, too.I've been here a few times because I got those free passes. The layout is ridiculous, and it's VERY hot in there.The last time that I went, my boyfriend and I were going in line (after we walked a LONG way) to be with our friends (the whole rest of our other group was already inside). Our friends in line were only like six people from the end, so it wasn't a big deal for us two to get in line with them. I moved one of the ropes to get there instead of climbing over the rope and showing everyone my pikachoo and instead of going all the way around and pushing through people. My bf climbed over.The short, white, little, fat, bald security guy (it'll be hard to find him because a lot of them look like that) started yelling at me for touching his precious rope. Climbing over is OK, but you best not touch his ropeSO HE KICKED US OUT... and I was looking pretty good, too. I think that he was mad that I was taller than him..So we tried to talk to the security manager (the shorter, black, little, fat, bald security guy), but he wouldn't even look at me in the eye because he is scared of hot girls over 5'6".Go somewhere better if you have any class.
3	Weird.My friend is having a bachelor party and the groom's party decided to cough up $1000 for a table here.  When I was informed of the price tag, I was not going to be satisfied with anything less than "getting high off the table". Well, we sure did get high, in elevation that is - our table was on the second floor. This is something akin to the emperor's box at the concert hall where you look down at common clubbers below with disdain. Now, for a thousand bucks, you'd think you wouldn't have to wait in a stupid line, but actually, we had to stand in a concise version of the regular, poor schmoe one. After getting through the elite line, we were whisked up an elevator to our luxurious mezzanine, replete with women's restrooms.  Restrooms with translucent doors. I exclaimed on arriving, "are those toilets?!". Yes, but apparently somebody changes the lighting when you go in to take a dookie so you can't see through them. Must be some European thing...Our grand table ended up being smaller than my coffee table.  Not even an Ottoman to put my feet up on.  The stupid row seat didn't even have back cushioning across the whole length. Our table attendant was a nice lady in her underwear with an over-sized chest. I dunno about her, but it would be awkward for me to have a polite conversation with strangers and take orders in my boxers. I walked downstairs to mingle with the peasants, and see why anyone would spend ridiculous amounts of money and wait 45 minutes in line to get in.  Why anybody would spend more here than at a concert hall to listen to recorded Lady Gaga music is beyond me. Is it for the dancing? Yes, if you think extending your arms out and bending your knees 15 degrees and bobbing up and down is dancing. The "main" dance floor is a claustrophobe's worst nightmare.  People pressed against you in every direction, women, men, old, and young, the weight of the world on you. I managed to walk the whole club in about thirty minutes. I only found one reasonable room in one corner with the holographic budha heads (throwback to the 70's hologram craze?).  They were playing some nice recorded top 40s music and you could choose not to be pressed by people.  The strangest thing I found were the friends of our table attendant, also in their underwear.  One of them had a mime act going, she was supine on a reclined chair and moving in some sort of slithering pattern.  Another two of her friends appeared to be in a bathtub on stage.What happens when you have more inebriated men than women? I found the answer to that after returning to my royal level, when a drunk male guest next to us decided to put on a dance show for me. Apparently, he didn't get the message from me when I turned my shaking head away in disgust and decided to do an encore. After two hours of this nonsense, I finished my red bull, with enough energy in me to return to Green Valley.  I give it three stars because I can't say it's worse than anything comparable since I can't recall any other club I've ever been to (albeit, not many) being any different.
5	Tao is off the hook!  Bex hooked it up as always.  Great music, great staff, atmosphere was great.  If you guys make it out to Vegas, go to Tao..you won't regret it!  Holla at my girl BEx and she will hook it up with a great deal.  Bex once again, you did it..thanks for always hooking it up!  Until next time!!
4	i could tell you about how spectacular this is, as all the other thousands of reviews of done. i could tell you about the efficient lines that are easy to breeze through.... i could tell you about the naked girls dancing in the bathtubs.... i could tell you about the fabulous decor.... i could tell you about the over priced drinks and jam packed dance floor.... but no, you can read about that else where. instead, what impressed me the most was upon stumbling out at the end of the night, there was a guy standing at the door passing out free flip flops to the ladies to kick off their heels for the last leg of their trek home. now THAT is a place that knows what a girl wants at the end of a long night!! tao did me right after a long night doing the stiletto stomp.
2	I was in vegas about 2 weeks ago and I still miss it...BUT I would never go to this club again. The girls and I came here the day Kim K was having her bachelorette party. It was superrrrrr crowded. Even though we had "vip" we still had to wait about 20 min to get in. The music also sucked!!! They played "Birthday Sex" twice in a hour. They also played a bunch of old pop and hip hop. I prefer dance music, but I guess the dj was stuck in the early 2000s. The only cool part was when they dropped the confetti and this chick was doing some crazy tricks in the air. I should have went to marquee =/ Oh well there's always next year!
4	I love the Nightclub portion of Tao. it is my favorite club in  Las Vegas.  Their VIP area is great and their drinks are good. They play good music.  I love the Decor too. I can't say as many good things about the restaurant. We went there for my Birthday last year. Our waiter was upset because we only ordered 1 drink and 1 entree per person instead of spending hundreds of dollars on dinner. He kept bragging that he had waited on celebrities that spend thousands on dinner.
4	No room, don't buy passes on street. They are fake. The club was very small. But it was cool. You had people bumping into you constantly but what do you expect it's Vegas. I was a little upset the security guy didn't let me keep the picture I took of the model. But other than that it was ok.
2	After visiting the New York location I was a little disappointed with the Vegas one. We had reservations and still had to wait to be seated, the service was lackluster, the food was alright, and the place was really crowded. The epitome of a tourist trap! If you eat there they let you get into the "club section" of TAO for free and you could allegedly skip the lines. It was such an overly-presumptuous place that they made us go outside again, get stamped, and then come back inside. We finally got in and we could barely walk, let alone dance. That's just not my cup of tea!
2	Why didn't I learn my lesson from the last time?  This last visit to Tao reminded me why I don't like it very much.  It's still overcrowded with SWEAAAATY people (passed by a dude whose shirt was SOAKING WET...ugh) and the music was so-so.  We were trying to dance in one of the smaller rooms and the DJ was super weird.  He played some funky songs that were hard to dance to.  Occasionally, he'd place some good tunes, but then he'd repeat them for like a minute too long.  It was AWKWARD.
4	I wish I could give a better review for Tao but honestly, I was so completely wasted that I barely remember this place. Hmm, I might've been one of those girls who accidentally forgot to lock to bathroom door to make it opaque..... I do remember it was quite a line to get in but we were having fun so it went quickly. It was super super packed but again, was having fun so it wasn't a big deal unless we were trying to make our way to the bathrooms... which ended up being like a 15 min quest. Anyway, I LOVE tao.
5	Vegas Baby!  Spent the new year's eve here a year ago and it was absolutely poppin'!  Great food, drinks and attractive women.  VIP is the way to go.  My wife loved it and she's picky.
5	I went to Tao last night and let me tell youuu.. it is a beautifully decorated club with tons of cool attractions. I had a great time here and the music was very lively. It was very packed but hey you can have a good time nonetheless... got in for free since a promoter hooked it up. I recommend getting there at 9 if you want to get in free or else... its $30 for women,$50 for men!and everything else is cool.
4	I just came back from Vegas on Sunday and this nightclub is amazing! I recommend that people who are planning a vacation to buy wristbands in advance. The first night that me and my girlfriends went the lines looped around and around but when we asked the numerous bodyguards/bouncers they directed us to a different line that took a matter of 10 minutes compared to the 90 that people were saying they had to wait in (The wristbands in advance are $35 on travelzoo and they serve as a dual entry to TAO and LAVO and a skip the line pass).The ambiance of the club was obvious dark, but it was wonderfully lit with candles in the entrance and beautiful statues. The drinks were expensive, but it was expected its Vegas! Overall, even though it was super packed we had an amazing experience! Definitely, will be coming back if I ever return to Vegas.
3	- Nightclub Review -I've been here a couple times over the years. It's cool for a Vegas night club. Most clubs seem to have some kind of unique go-go dancer. Tao has their lovely flower-petal girls, who are seen semi-dancing while sitting in a bathtub. I say semi-dancing because all they really do is move their upper body while they sitting down. Sometimes there are two girls to a tub. It's definitely interesting to see.The dance floor is a big square that's in the middle of the room. During peak hours it gets really packed and there is no balcony to get a breather outside unless you go to Tao Beach up top. The lightening is also too dark and dim for a main dance floor. Maybe that's just the mood of the place, but I'd prefer to see who I'm dancing with.The space around the bar near the dance floor is always packed too. I like going to the bar located off to the side, in a little more private area where it's lit with bright blue lights. My friends and I grabbed a couple drinks at the first bar for our ladies, then ending up going to this blue lit area to dance because there was way more room to move. That corner was more fun for us because we had more freedom to move and hear one another.Going up to Tao Beach is suggested because it gets way too stuffy inside. If you're going with girls or you happen to meet girls, you'll get that chance at sitting in your own cabana, which is what happened during one trip I took. I have some good memories of this place and met some really cool people here as well. I've only been here during their busiest nights (Fridays and Saturdays) so I'd like to see how this place on a weekday. Not the best club, but it's good enough to entertain the club-crazed customer.
4	Some one Vegas local told me this place was so 3 years ago.  I guess that makes me retro.  This place was everything it claimed to be and more.  Definitely the high lite of my trip!
1	They make you line up a mile long and wait till 1130 to let people in. Doormen are assholes
4	TAO was awesome! From the decor to the food to the service! I was in Vegas for my cousin's bachelor party this past weekend and we had a blast at TAO! A month or so ago I actually made reservations through Open Table and then a week before our trip I followed up with TAO and everything was planned accordingly.This was my second time at TAO in Vegas and it was a good experience like the first time. This time around I had the Kung Pao Chicken and Chicken Pad Thai. I would have to say that their Pad Thai is on the top of my list of Pad Thais lol. Last time I had the KOBE Beef and it was delish!! Def a must if you wanna go crazy and have the loot! (88 bucks!!!). So anyway if you didn't know, you can get into the club for free if you eat at the restaurant just ask your server for the "LINE PASS". Being 6 guys in Vegas it was a great idea to eat here! But you have to order from the entrees section you can't just get an appetizer and expect to get in free! Good thing our server told us that!The Nightclub opens at 10pm and the line wraps around the damn place!! But we didn't worry since we got the line pass and skipped all the way to the front!! Got in pretty much when it opened. It got three rooms two on the second floor and one on the rooftop! Too bad the rooftop was closed the day we went! So we stayed in the main room! It's freaking crazzzzzzy packed in here! Great music! Dance floor gets a little crazy at times but we had a blast! If you can't get on a guest list make a reservation for dinner here then get the pass then party up in the club!! Awesome times here!
2	I have been to Tao nightclub three different times and this is what I take from it.1. I am assuming that bottle service would be highly recommended here as every other bar in this nightclub is packed and if your tits aren't sticking out over the bar good luck trying to get a drink.2. If you don't have VIP or bottle service reserved for Tao, you will be thrown in with the rest of the sweaty, nasty perverted sardines of this club. People are pushing and shoving you everywhere you go, trying to get into the middle of the club to dance. One girl even spilled her drink on me and said "oops, it happens." even though she was f*cking rude as hell and literally put all her body weight on me... this review isn't about her it's about Tao, but that did hinder my experience quite a bit.Tao DOES however, have an awesome ambiance and the lighting and set up of the club is AWESOME. I just personally don't like to be pushed and shoved around in a nightclub where every five minutes someone is trying to get by you and you can't even dance. The drinks were also very expensive.If you like crowded, loud, high adrenaline clubs, go here.It just isn't my personal preference.I prefer the type of clubs that are smaller with a lot of diverse people where everyone is drunk and just having a good time.This place was a nuthouse.
5	Bottle Service is the way to go!!! We showed up and were immediately escorted to our table. We came for my sister's 21st brithday, and she couldn't enter until midnight, and they accommodated us all perfectly. Our waitress (Kristen) was awesome and made sure none of our drinks were ever empty. We were also assigned security (Patrick) who not only pushed away anyone that came close to our table, but escorted every single one of us ladies to the bathroom so we didn't get pummeled. I would definitely go back and do it all over again. Thanks Tao!
4	Great time here this past summer. Great service by Bex, she made sure everyone in my group had a great time. Very crowded but what do you expect! If you come here make sure you look for Bex, she'll hook it up.
1	Club sucks, hands down. They allow wayyy too many people inside so I can't even dougie or harlem shake, feel me? Why you mad son?LOL. All jokes aside, I'd rather go to Pure. Its free and at least I can dance.I CAN'T HOLLER AT THE HUNNIES IF THE GUARDS ARE YELLING AT ME TO MOVE EVERY 2.5 SECONDS FROM THE HALLWAY WHEN THERES NOWHERE TO MOVE!!!!C'MON BRO.....
2	I also ate at Tao, and it's goodness barely, barely offsets the horror of its nightclub enough to get starts. The food was incredibly expensive, but it was delicious. I had lobster dumplings and pad thai, both were great. My friends all ordered the sea bass or the fillet Mignon. I forced them to let me have a bite and they were also amazing. Dessert was the lava cake, chocolate spring rolls and fortune cookie, and even though I was full I forced myself to keep eating. Our waiter was funny and had good recommendations about the menu. So yeah. Dining there hit my wallet, but made my tummy so happy.Our dinner reservation included "priority" entrance to the club upstairs. The club made no party of me happy. I'd wager 90% of the club's real estate is devoted to bottle service. I don't know if having bottle service would make this place more fun or not, because we didn't want it. We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party and just wanted to go club hopping and have the "whoooo, we're going dancing in Vegas!" experience. Incidentally, you cannot have that experience at Tao, because Tao is where the "Whoooo we're going dancing" feeling goes to die. The non bottle service areas belong to overcrowded hallways and a tiny little dance floor. The logistics of the floor are so genius that to exit Tao, you must cross the dance floor. Looking for an exit strategy to get across is akin to what I think Moses felt when he first looked at the Red Sea: "how the eff do I get across this thing?!" It's an awful set up not only for people looking to run away to a better club, but also for those who decide to squeeze onto the dance floor to actually dance. Be prepared for these inevitabilities: You will get someone shoved into you as if you were in a mosh pit. A girl will step on your feet with her heels. You will smashed up against your friends and strangers in such close proximity it could be labeled as "extremely intimate." Vegas is packed with clubs and packed with restaurants. No matter how good dinner was here, I would pick any of those places over Tao every time... and I'd probably have more fun.
3	This is my first time back to Tao Restaurant exactly two years later and unfortunately I have to bring the stars down because we had to wait 1 hour after our reservations plus an issue with their dress code.But it's not their whole fault.  We called in at 5pm and they gave us a 10:45pm reservation.  When we walked up at 10:30pm, the group in front of me said that they had to wait over 30 minutes after their reservation.  I thought "Looks like we're going to have to wait a while." (party of 6)And I said it's not their whole fault because two years ago we made our reservations 3 weeks in advance.  We made reservations at 7pm and we were seated at 7pm.The hostess at the front was great!  I'm surprised she could talk to me with a smile during the craziness that goes on here at Tao Restaurant!The food here holds up my stars.  I had the rare tuna with bean sprouts.  I've never thought much about bean sprouts but their bean sprout salad had this fresh, sour sauce that made me finish my salad before my tuna!  We took the dinner route like we did two years ago because we wanted to get into the nightclub.  Everything was going well until the bouncer did not let one of my friends in because he wore a T-Shirt.4 stars to food and service, -1 star for 1 hour wait after reservation and dress code.
1	It was my first time going to TAO and all I can say it was the worst experience ever. TAO is such a small environment and honestly if there was a fire or earthquake it would be a disaster. The club was over capacity and they kept on allowing people in.
4	Tao Nightclub is one of the most popular Vegas nightclubs! The Asian-themed venue attracts a very diverse group of people predominantly in their 20s to 30s. Tao's DJs play lots of hip-hop, which in my opinion is the best music for dancing!  However, Tao gets extremely packed and at times it can be overwhelming. Essentially if you are looking for a club with hip music and a trendy vibe, Tao is the place to be!Some suggestions would be:- Try to get on the guest list earlier that evening. Free for girls and reduced admission for guys.- Have a 1 to 1 guy-girl ratio. Tao tends to be very strict on this. However, if you are a guest at the hotel they tend to be more lenient. - If you are a guest at the hotel, I believe you wait in a separate line that moves much quicker.- Girls on the guest list receive open bar for 1 hour, at least the times I've been! So stock up on those drinks and pass them to your guy friends!- Always arrive early!
4	Hello pretty girls bathing in bathtubs.Hello dude that came out from nowhere who talked to me weird.Hello insanely packed crowds.Hello Expensive drinks.Hello Las Vegas.
3	I've been to the Bistro before and enjoyed my meal, but this review is for the nightclub. This isn't a bad spot - the music was decent, and the crowd was okay, and we didn't have to wait in line thanks to a hookup. If you just want to enjoy a night of dancing, you can certainly do that at Tao.What took this experience down a notch for me, however, was a snotty female bartender. It was 3:30 and my girl friend and I needed to hydrate. She asked for a soda and I asked for two bottles of water. The bartender looks at both of us and goes, "Really? That's all?" as though we had insulted her by not ordering a cocktail. Yeah, bitch, really. Not everyone who comes to Vegas does so to get stupid drunk, although had I been either stupid OR drunk, I would have like you a lot better.One of the girls in our group actually WAS crazy drunk, and this same bartender proceeded to mock her from behind the bar. The bartenders at Marquee and XS might have been cute enough to pull off attitude like this, but the bitch at Tao certainly wasn't.
2	The same dominatrix women were standing at the door stroking each other; the same dangerous staircases to climb while tipsy were there; but even more strikingly alarming than last year was that the music sucked so so so so so bad! The DJ was spinning overplayed, mainstream hip-hop from 2005-2006; the catchiest and most recent song that he played was "OMG" by Usher, what does that tell you?After getting squeezed and suffocated on the dance floor, we fled to TAO Beach upstairs. The DJ was tons better, the fresh air was wonderful, and the dance space was plentiful. I like TAO for its ambiance and its adorned interior. I dislike it for its crappy music, crowds on top of crowds, and...crappy music.I'm giving TAO 2 stars because the highlight of my night was when my friend and I saw a fight when we were coming back from the bathroom amongst this hoard of girls. It was a MASSIVE fight, there were easily 20 girls involved in the brawl - and it was quite a scene. After purses, clutches, debit cards and cash flew everywhere, my friend and I made off with $20.00 ;]
2	Been here 3 times & two of them were for bachelorette parties.  My recommendation is to go when Tao Beach is open!  From what I was told that's Friday night.  I went this past Saturday & sure enough it was closed.    And get your ass a cabana at Tao Beach.  Otherwise, don't bother going as it gets way too packed.  And if you decide to go anyway & not get a table, show up on time to get comped drinks for an hour.  Drinks are expensive!
5	The duck.. the duck.. the duck.  The most spectacular duck I ever have.. Im dreaming right now.
3	Let me highlight some pro's and con's ****Pros*****-Beautiful decor (lovely ladies in lil bathtubs adds to the exotic ambience) -Great location (right on the strip)-Awesome bathroom (plays tranquil music and a woman was giving out free drink tickets if you signed her list)-You can take your drink and leave (they provide complimentary drink cups if you leave the club but still have your drink) -Large space (lots of different sections playing diff types of music****CONS*****-WAY TOO CROWDED (there were lines everywhere you couldn't dance if you want to)-Lies Lies Lies (bouncers kept directing us to the wrong line& it was "hip-hop" night but Ke$sha was their idea of hip hop)-Horrible bar servie (bartender was only serving ppl with cash during open bar which sucked cus we missed out on free drinks. dumb ass coochie lipped bitch)-Wack crowd (ppl who cant dance, are too drunk, and annoying. you MUST come here already wasted to ignore the ridiculousness.
4	Tao nightclub review:Awesome decor. I looooove everything Buddha, and the feel of this club is awesome. The little bathtubs filled with water, candles, and rose petals is really pretty. The humongous Buddha on the side of the club is so rad.And the fact that there are like 4 different rooms/clubs within this club make it even better!I've been to TAO many times before and have always enjoyed myself. I went 2 weeks ago and had the best time yet. We had about 11 people and ended up just getting a table and bottle service. 2 bottles of Grey Goose, 1 bottle of Macallan 21, and a bottle of Rum. And all the mixers we needed. The area we had was really quite big, and we all had room to comfortably sit down if need be. But we danced the night away :)I guess there are parts of the club that close earlier than others, because our section closed around 3-4am? Whatever time it was, it closed and we moved to another part of the club. This area was just as fun, but we didn't have a table. We continued dancing and having a great time. Then from the ceiling comes confetti :) and about 30min later dry foam comes out. Way fun when you're wasted lolI will definitely go back and get a table if we have enough people to make it worth it.
1	Super OVERRATED and way TOO CROWDED and music was the WORST!!!
3	tao gets WAYYYYYY too crowded. so crowded that its kinda hard for you to enjoy yourself/ you wont be able to move AT ALL. i went on a friday night and they were playing hip hop music until about 1am and it became house music (not my fav). It was beyond crowded and most of the time i could barely even move.i like their dancers and how they have them "fly" across the dance floor but that's probably the coolest thing they have going for them.
2	Okay I just want to say it is a beautiful place, really it is. The Interior design here is great and it was cool to see, BUT this place was FAR to crowed, I mean it was crazy.   The place was divided up into a bunch of small rooms with a bar, each had unique decor and different music playing which was pretty cool.  It operates on 3 levels, the main floor which is chill and has the restaurant, the second level which has the stage and other smaller rooms and upstairs where TAO beach (TAO Beach was better) is on the roof.    We went to see Public Enemy and the downside was that the entire place is all about VIP seating and booths and if you aren't VIP you are constantly shuffled around like a farm animal AND if you paid to see a show on a tiny stage, you wont see it very easily because the only standing room is the line to the bar and back out, unless you pay for a place to sit where you can view the stage. Also as others have pointed out the people there don't really seem to care about the music they came to see either....just a brainless crowd that acts stupid. The drinks are way overpriced and small for what you end up with.  I was in heals and not being able to sit down really pissed me off (just sayin).  It was one of those annoying stand in one of 2 million long lines to get in while everyone acts self important scenes, just to get into an over crowded and overpriced bar with no place to sit.  Overall it was an experience and I can appreciate the good points of it.  LIke seeing what we did of Public Enemy was pretty freakin cool even if the bouncers were constantly telling us we couldn't just stand there and watch the show we paid to see LOL.
3	Such mixed feelings.. I think yelp has it right at 3.5 stars.. sooo crowded! They usually play a lot of hiphop which is what I prefer to dance to.. but it gets so crowded and pushy in here you can hardly dance! The last time I was there, a famous house DJ performed.. so not only was I kind of bored with the music.. it was even MORE CROWDED.. literally when I went on the main floor I couldn't move.. or breathe basically.. I was sandwiched amongst random sweaty strangers and was literally at the will of the crowd in terms of movement. Thank goodness I'm not claustrophobic.. (not that it was a remotely pleasant experience) Sometimes the other room is a good option.. even though the lower ceiling makes you feel more cramped.. its definitely less crowded. I love the upstairs outdoor area.. unfortunately midsummer it is WAY too hot! :( But it is much less crowded.. lots of spots to sit and relax.. music is playing so you could dance, but not many people do. Its very pretty. Also, for ladies there is often drink specials if you go early (ie FREE well drinks) Bring your fellas, rotate bar tenders and be conspicuous about hand offs & you can get yourself and your whole crew plenty of free drinks!!  All the guys opt for redbull/vodka but I prefer the Pineapple&Rum or a Margarita. Both fairly strong, but still super tasty, especially for a free drink!  Convenient location if you are staying in the Venetian or Palazzo.. its much cheaper to preparty in your suite beforehand than try to drink here.. with the exception of the 'ladies hour.'
4	Spent a super fun evening at Tao Nightclub with some really good friends.  Their music is great-lots of hiphop and not too much house music.  It gets crowded but we had our own table and roped off area so we didn't mind too much the throngs of people everywhere.  I know a lot of people complain about the crowds in Vegas nightclubs but if there isn't a crowd then the place must suck.  TAO does not suck :)  Go there.
4	I came here on Friday night and it was sooo fun!! lol My boyfriend couldn't handle it though. It was too stuffy for him. We had the All Access Passes from Best of Vegas (which I recommend everyone getting because you can end up waiting in line for hours - and it's good for Tao Beach and Lavo as well) - With the wristbands we got in right away without having to wait in the huge line. I don't know how they expect to let everyone in because there were still so many people outside and yet SO MANY ALREADY INSIDE! Once when the crowd gets in, it's hard to breathe with very limited seating... The music was great! Hip hop! We were totally getting our groove on. Drinks were $13 which is fine and everything, but the cups are tinnnyyyy... can a girl get an affordable buzz on? lol We left in the middle of the night and went to LAVO. I prefer LAVO over Tao even though the decor is not as nice. However, the dance floor is bigger and it's not as crowded. You can actually break it down over there.
3	This place is always packed like a sardine can. It's nice inside and I love that it has multiple levels and access to Tao beach. The only complaint I have is that people who want to stand on the dance floor , theyneed to move their asses away from the crowd and stand against the wall. Seriously, this is a club where you dance Inside; not to stand in the middle of a club and not move. If you want to just stand you are better off going up to Tao beach to lounge or not to go clubbing at all.
1	This place is a fire hazard with overpriced drinks and no dance floor.Whats up with a lounge on the bottom floor and everyone squeezing their booties up the stairs?After paying $50 for males, $30 for women online, we didnt expect to pay 26 for two shots and 28 for two drinks. I would rather get drunk off my own liquor from the ABC Stores because hey now, they didnt even check my purse! HINT HINT! Plus, who wants to walk up flights of stairs in 5 inch heels? I don't!Unless you have a table and bottle service its not worth it.Won't be back.
3	came here for my birthday, i would be giving this place only 1 star, but the night club aspect of this saved it from that bad reviewfirst got there at 9:30, was on the guest list, 4 guys 4 girls, straight got told "we're not letting anyone else in for the night" SO LUCKILY i had a dinner reservation made at 11:30.  waited till 11:20 went inside gave us a buzzer, 11:45 buzzer goes off, 11:55 we get seated, everyone must order a main dish to get into the club so we did.  --Dinner--i ordered the fillet mignon black pepper, and my friends ordered orange chicken. and another dish. got my order expecting a steak but it was stir fry with green beans and pieces of meat. honestly i felt like i was eating something made by a stir fry 101 class for beginners.  everyone else's food tasted like panda express, they gave us stamps to get into a line to get another stamp to enter the club--night club--so as far as i knew there were only 2 parts to this club once you go up the stairs you have a choice to go to the left which had hip hop or to the right which had party rock, soo we picked the left sided area, all i gotta say is that tao is useless unless you come planning to get bottle service cus if you don't have bottle service you will be left dancing in the aisles and having the workers constantly pass you bringing bottles to the tables.... and every 2 mins there would be people with flashlights checking dress code. also, jager bombs were $16 shots were around 12 and watered down... so yeah....
1	James Brown is dead.  And so is Tao.We came here for a huge bachelor party last weekend on Saturday Labor Day Weekend.  Got about the most premium bottle service you could get.  The tables next to the slightly elevated dance floor, velvet roped.Full disclosure: I was kicked out for falling asleep for 20 minutes at our table, never to be let back in, so I'm a bit biased, but I'll get to that story later (and about how there was blood on the railing of the back stairs where they kick people out - a little disconcerting if you ask me - b/c it was probably from another patron).  I come to Vegas to celebrate a friend's and have a good time - not to get into a kickboxing match with a bouncer who feels the need to power trip.Asian brothers, or my brothers with Yellow fever, this is not the place anymore.  Just giving you the inside track.  Come here and find out for yourself, or take my word for it. Up to you.  (You know the other couple juggernauts that have taken over now - go to them).  Wish someone had told us - since we came with 25 (!) Asian guys mostly.  (And we know our white sisters are not exactly throwing themselves all over us Asian guys, now let's be honest.  :)  All good)).This place still gets packed.  So you will still have the same music and same massive number of people.  A few things have changed though:1) Waitresses not hot.  Sorry, I know this is mean, but I say it also to give you an indication of the direction this club is heading.  The stunners (which are fun to look at at least) have moved to nicer clubs in Vegas where they get top dollars and tips.  That means this place Tao is now starting to get empty tables with no bottle service b/c the nicer crowds and hence big or loose spenders are going elsewhere.  Means less money for Tao, less money for waitresses - so they all go elsewhere.2) Service here was not good.  Used to be a couple years ago the bouncers here would actually help you out with whatever you wanted.  Bring people over, kick people out, literally at your beck and call.  Not anymore.  Instead they will kick you out if you fall asleep at your OWN table where you paid $XXX per person.  I'm not talking about $100 mind you, trust me, it was a LOT.  More than I've ever spent in one night clubbing and definitely NOT worth it.  I mean, I know falling asleep for 20 minutes does not look good, but neither do your waitresses, so why don't you kick them out?  At least give me some leniency after you've fully woken me up and clearly seen that I'm stone cold sober and wide awake.  Hey, I had a long all day at Aria Liquid lounge pool party, cut me some slack.  Terrible way to treat your supposed patrons at your most VIP table.  Plus it's on my credit card, I should've refused to pay.  But a deal's a deal.  Even if it sucked, it sucked.  You win this time.  Ok, so then the bouncers coax me away from table and out our velvet roped area (my mistake in agreeing to leave our area to 'talk to him').  Then he and the other big bouncer lifted me by both elbows (note: I'm stone cold sober - assholes and injustice will sober me up real quick) and it's only 1:30am btw).  They started getting real rough with me.  Then they lifted me up one on each side by my elbows with my feet dangling, meanwhile other patrons are like 'what the fu*k is going on?'.  Then they carry me against my will outside, instead of asking nicely or letting me walk myself out.  Outside the back orange stairwell, I have to wait 45 minutes for my credit card.  Meanwhile, most disturbing is I see blood on the railway of that back stairway.  I finally ask the bouncer what happened, he said one of their guys and a patron.  Who started it, I have no clue.  All I'm saying guys, is be careful.  These guys are rough and do not fu*k around.  They will kick your ass if you give them a reason to.  To be fair, they will probably not take a first swing.  So keep your emotions in check and don't let it get the best of you - or you will be the next person to spill your own blood that night on the railway of their 'supposedly video-monitored' back stairwell (I emailed our 'host' and got a not terribly apologetic almost perfunctory copy-and-paste oh sorry you had a bad time reply).  Goodbye Tao.  Nice knowing ya.  P.S.  Tavern on the Green used to be the highest grossing restaurant.  Then you were.  Tavern on Green now closed for good.  I see a similar fate here.P.S.S.  My friend warned me that Tao sucked now, empty tables everywhere, but I wasn't part of the planning process, so I really had no sway.  Plus we had so many good times here in years past that I thought it couldn't have changed *that* much.  Well, unfortunately it has.
5	I know that this is the hoppin' place to be to go clubbin' - I saw the long ass lines to get in. But alas, my clubbin' days have died down to just loungin' :) or dinin' This place turns into a club after dinner. And looking at the other Yelper's posted pictures (and reviews), this is a great place for the young to partay!!!Anyways... to those reading this in hopes to hear about the club, you can stop right here. I am reviewing TAO the ASIAN BISTRO.It was the start of Restaurant Week when my friends and I dined at Tao. I've only gone to R.W. in Los Angeles and to my surprise - I honestly can't believe how generous Las Vegas is with their food!!!!My appetizer of spring rolls were huge! For a foux-foux place like this, i thought I'd leave still hungry. I got full over the appetizers. Clearly it was meant to share! When my entree of filet minon arrived - geez! Medium-Rare it was. At this point I realized that I honestly can NEVER go vegan! I really enjoyed it. Dessert: the chocolate eggrolls. Oooh! Dark chocolate with a Calamansi dipping sauce. :) I love how the sweet chocolate meshed with the sourness of the calamansi juice.Our waiter & sous waiter were great! Funny, even. Even their fortune cookie fortunes were funny.
4	Came here for ATB  labor day weekend and it was so much fun! had bottle service at Tao beach and we could easily walk back and forth during the night (only till 2 am Tao beach closes at 2 am no one said that when we booked table service, so we stayed down at the club till 4am) awesome waitress and service! very attentive and friendly. It was crowded but fun. no lines in girls restrooms! will return!
1	Bad service..... I was with my boyfriend and my cousin. We got in line and staff said that was the line for bottle service. So we asked were general admission should line up. They said outside. So, we went outside. There was no line. The guy who worked outside said, "sorry, we broke down the line and the line is inside." So, we went inside, and staff told us the line was outside. Again, the same guy who worked there told us the line was inside. Nobody knows what the hell is going on!!! I ended up going to the gallery at planet hollywood
5	I've never really been a huge fan of Tao up until this past saturday. We had bottle service located on the second floor overlooking the LMFAO concert and crowd. That was one of the best experiences at a club I've ever had. Those guys know how to put on a show and get a party going!!
2	If you want to be squished by hundreds of sweaty strangers with out even room to dance then come here. The restaurant is nice and I like the atmosphere the club has but Tao needs to seriously crowd control they let too many people in too fast, I was over it after 30 min. Not to mention the quality of people we ran into, maybe it was just random but this fat drunk Mexican literally feel on top of my girlfriend. My GF playfully smacked her ass when she got up. Apparently she didn't like that and started charging at my GF then tried to swing at her. Held back by all of her friends she finally stoped acting dumb and went away. I latter saw the same girl trying to dance on the stage where the bouncer kicked her off for being to raunchy. Thursday night might be better but I won't be going back. I've heard marquee and XS are much better clubs.
1	I got to Vegas a lot, some where I won't go to a lot to anymore is Tao.First impression of the night club is that it is absolutely beautiful. The main room is massive and gives you a lot ways to party.Unfortunately there seemed to be only 1 men's room which definitely hampered the night.My table was in one of the side rooms which was great. The bottle prices are fair and I felt like we got a good deal until we started to see our service.Started off great but then when things went complicated our service took a hit.Here is what happened: one of my friends started ordering beers to accompany the bottles we had. They brought them all opened with no ice so we put them in our bucket with our bottles of vodka. The bus boy kept taking them out and putting them back on the table which was really annoying. I told him to stop and instead of explaining that it was a health rule( which I found out much later) , he took my big bucket of ice off the table and brought back one that would only fit our bottle of vodka. I asked him to bring me some ice for the beer and he refused.I called the server over and started to get heated about the service of the busboy and she took it as I was yelling at her. She called over security and I had them get a manager. Neither wanted to address my issue and just took it as I was disgruntled.No one was thrown out because no reason too but I left there extremely dissatisfied. There are way to many clubs and bars in Vegas to accept bad service. I had an even worse experience at there beach party which I will be reviewing shortly and tell everyone to look around Vegas for well reviewed places based on there service. Everywhere in the desert is beautiful but the best in my opinion is based on service.
4	you did me right this time, Tao!  we were on an amazing guestlist Friday night with free drink wristbands from 10:30pm-11:30pm, got in line early so the MiB's were sweethearts still, and partied our asses off.  my only complaint is that it gets so crowded to where you have no room to dance!  beautiful club and bumping music, but hard to get around downstairs.  stroll upstairs to the balcony, act like you belong there, and party with plenty of room to mingle.
4	A best in class for Vegas. The line is ridiculous so come early or get bottle service.
3	Everyone hypes this place up but in my opinion its always 2 hot, 2 crowded, and way 2 much walking.  When you plan to wear 5 inch heels all nite the last thing you wanna do is walk.  The music is good for the most part if you can find a place to dance but the club gets so crowded you cant move which turns into sweaty guys bumping into to you, drinks getting spilled on you which all equal a not so great time.  You can go up to Tao beach to stay outside if its any cooler out there but beware you cant sit anywhere.  I just needed a lil break from my shoes and security was quick to tell me to keep it moving.  Then to top it off we had to wait in line to walk back down the stairs.  No thanks Tao i will go somewhere less crowded where i can get my boogie on with dry feet and an elevator/escalator!!
4	During a girls trip we ate at 3 different top restaurants and this was just as good as the others.  Suggest making reservations in advance, especially if going on a weekend night and have a large party like we did.  We did family style and everything was great (apps and dinner entrees are good sized -- we had tons of leftovers).  Cool atmosphere and good drinks, especially the lychee martini!  Will definitely go back
2	I've only been to TAO twice, but both times I was not very impressed. The first time I went, my friend/promoter had confirmed me on the guest list. However when I got there, the guest list worker rudely told me I was not  on the list. I argued with him and offered to call my promoter, but he let me and my group go to a separate line instead. When I asked if we were still being charged cover, he snottily replied that he was doing me a favor by putting me in the line, since I wasn't even on the list. I guess I appreciate that he didn't just throw me out of line, but still, have some class and treat clients with respect. His attitude and behavior is a reflection of the company he works for, and I did not rate it positively.The second time I went was okay, but the dance floors were whack! Thank vodka for ladies' open bar before 11pm, otherwise I would've been miserable!! The venue is nothing special, service is poor and dance floor nonexistent. The only thing people should go for is open bar.
2	Super crowded and you have to take STAIRS to access the outdoor area.  Not a particularly attractive crowd either.Went once - it was once too often.
1	Hurry, get out.I attended private parties here recently on 2 consecutive nights.  While the appetizers brought around were good (the Kobe sliders were excellent), I just can't get over the fact that we were basically forced out the door as soon as each party ended on each night.After being treated well for 2 hours, they announce that service is now over and sweep the whole room out in less than 5 minutes.  I would say we were almost pushed out the door and down the stairs.  There was no private party lined up behind us to get in either....and I guess I can see why.
2	Good place to start out the night.  We got on a pretty nice guest list (all girls, of course) which allowed us free drinks from 10:30 - 11:30pm.  And BOY, did I take advantage of it. Getting in was fairly easy, but by 10:20 (which is when we arrived) it was already very crowded.  Get there early, girls, because once it's 10:30, that amazing guest list line closes.  We got placed in the bottle service area, without having to pay, and said we could stay there until the people that had paid for the table showed up.  So, I kept the drinks going (pretty much every 10 minutes, because hey, they're free) and took advantage of being able to SIT.  Heels in Vegas for a whole weekend does tend to take it's toll.  No complaints about the bartenders, they were fairly nice and quick.  The crowd isn't the prettiest here, and I wouldn't dedicate a whole night to this place. But, they had some amazingly beautiful girls dancing in the tub that was right behind us, and we were able to climb on the walkway above the dance floor to dance.  Our group got kicked out right as open bar was finishing up, because one of our friends got super sloppy and a security guard noticed.  So, not much else to say on this place....But if you are going to come here, start here.  Finish elsewhere.
4	A lot of people hate on this place but I LOOOOVE Tao.  My friends and I have been several times and we are always treated like royalty! Tao plays the best music (a nice blend of hip-hop, Top 40 and house) and the club itself is beautiful!  They have dancers flying through the sky to those with table service delivery bottles of liquor.  Going to Tao is an experience and one not to be missed if you are in Las Vegas.Ladies my suggestions are:#1. Check it out on a Friday night and take advantage of the free drink wristbands if available#2.  Make sure you have made contact with a promoter prior to your trip so you can get your party in for free#3.  Get there early so you can get your groove on before the club gets crowded (and it does get crowded!)#4.  If your pockets are deep enough, spring for the bottle service.  You won't be sorry.At the end of the day I would rather be in a crowded club versus a dead club.  Just a thought. Check it out!
4	You know a club is a party place when you feel the need to start a review with..."From what I can remember..."From what I can remember, the staff was friendly and hooked us up with drinks and waters quickly.From what I can remember, the club played great music and while there were a lot of people, there was still room to move.From what I can remember.
1	the deuschbag bouncers at this club are a f..ing joke. We had a crew of 8 and over $500 in hand just to skip the lines and was willing to pay cover on top of that and all they kept telling everyone was you had to buy a $1500 plus table or no one was geting in, and this was at 10:30 when the club was almost empty. This place is a joke. Dont waste your time. They just keep eceryone out in the area so that it looks like everyone wants to get in.  We would have ended up spending wayy more than 1500 but didnt want to be confined into one small area of such a large club. These bouncers are a bunch of idiots with no brains, just large bloated air heads. Many many mnay great clubs in town. They have forever lost my business and hopefully yours too.
4	Tao is definitely the place to start your night - or end it. We had an early-ish dinner at Tao. I loved my crispy orange chicken, it's very "american" asian but I still loved it. The portion sizes are perfect. I hate when I have massive plates on vacation and can't take "home" the leftovers. My friend had the prix fixe which was a great deal but way too much food for me, especially after AYCE buffet for lunch.We got hooked up with stamps to come back to the club -- we skipped the whole line. The club was great, they were playing throwback Usher! I was sorry we had to leave to make our reservations at the next place.
4	Likes: loved the huge golden lobby and crystal chain hangings when we entered the hotel, inside the nightclub had different floors but we got the beach, love the view from outdoors of the strip, got free drinks, music, dancing, flashing lights and acrobatics, bikini ladies dancing in flower petaled tubs, disco ball, etc etc, it was our first stop so we left after an hour and half to our next destination. Dislikes: the baby buddhas on the wall was kinda weird for me
3	FIVE STARS FOR THE RESTAURANTTWO STARS FOR THE NIGHTCLUBTherefore, you get a THREE.FIVE STAR AVERAGE-----Let me start with the positives:I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE the food here.  I had the Grilled Red Snapper with steamed veggies topped with a ginger kaffir lime vinaigrette.  The snapper was really fresh, flakey, and sweet.  All the flavors just blended so perfectly together.My boyfriend had the Crispy Coconut Shrimp with spicy Thai peanut sauce.  Need I say more?  It was delicious!We had a party of 7 people celebrating my baby's birthday.  Our waitress was awesome!  She was patient (thank God! We just kept ordering drinks!!) and attentive.  Awesome service.  One thing I will mention though, they did not offer any complimentary birthday dessert.. That was a bummer, but we still ordered a HUGE cream/custard filled fortune cookie for him :)And!!!!  You can avoid the crazy line outside for the nightclub and get in for free!  I guess that's a perk..Now to the negative:The club itself is a nice venue.  I've been here on numerous occasions, and it's just jammed packed every time.  I'm talking about shoulder to shoulder.. "I can smell what you ate for dinner"-type packed.  It's insane!  You can't move.. you can't dance.. you can't even get a drink!  What's the point then???I remember last year for Halloween,  Ashley Greene and Kellan Lutz from Twilight were there.... OMG.. I have never experienced such a crazy bombardment of people.. INSANE!Alright, well if you're a girl.. and you are there with a group of girls.. given that you are dressed nicely and look presentable.... some of the promoters will invite you to the VIP section.  You do get free drinks.. and you can dance on a little platform if you choose.... I guess it's not SO bad if you're there with girls.  Music wise.. it's mostly top 40 with some house/electro sprinkled in... they are definitely not house-focused (meaning they rarely - actually I don't think they ever have - host DJs for their performers like Marquee or Surrender).  Overall, it's not my first choice when it comes to Vegas clubs.  However, their promoters do a pretty good job at what they do, so it's easy to get in for free most of the time.  But.. there is always that dreaded line...
4	I am writing a review on the nightclub only.  Our group was 3 people (all guys).  We requested bottle service, and had a small table on the first floor which is basically the retaurant/bar level.  The actual nightclub is upstairs.What I liked:  The service was superb.  Our waitress, and bouncer were both extremely polite.  The guy waiting on our area told us if we ever want to leave the table and mingle to let him know.  He put out a reserved sign for our table, and pulled our bottle/mixers to store in a kitchen area.  When we came back to the table, he brought everything back in seconds.  The placement of the tables was nice.  We talked to a bunch of girls around our area, and drank the night away.  The music at Tao kicked ass.  Their DJ spins a lot of hip-hop which is nice.  I'm so sick of hearing Katy Perry dance mixes, so it was nice to hear some Young Money.  The music at Tao gets 5 stars.What I disliked: The actual club is super crowded (what club isn't crowded - but this was unbearable).  Trying to navigate that dance floor without spilling your drink is completely impossible.  Not to mention I started sweating as soon as we walked upstairs.  The layout for the club isn't the best - poor design.  I recommend getting a table downstairs like we did, and then once it's past 2AM, go up to the main club and start cuttin a rug.  It will still be crowded, but it's much more manageable.    Price: $450 for table, one bottle, free-entry, line pass, etc.  Add tip, yr lookin at about $180 a man.  This was the price for a table on the first floor.This could probably be a 5 star review if we had a table off the main dance floor that was elevated, and over-looked all the talent.  Considering our group was only 3 people, the options were limited.  In a town where cash is king, if you're willing to spend the money, you can probably have whatever table you want.
3	So So disappointed!  The only two things that impressed me were the flower petal girls--well, only the Scarlet Johannson looking oen at the entrance (HOT)--and the upstairs women's bathroom (you get your own room with a sink!).   I only chose Tao because of the VIP wristbands which gives you VIP entrance and all access to Lavo, Tao, and Tao Beach. Plus, they play hip hop. I figured that as long as we didn't have to wait in line, paying $150+ for these wristbands would be worth it. We still had to wait in line, which was about 30+ minutes. Not too bad, I guess. However, I missed the open bar that came with my wristband because I kept going to the wrong bar area and by the time I got to the right one, it was over. Real convenient, guys.   Despite my abhorrence to house/EDM, I prefer XS. Their setup and decor is so much better.
5	Woohoo...the place is the bomb!!!Yea...it's a little dark, yea...there's a huge buddha in the place...yea it was packed but jeeze...this is the best sea bass I've ever tasted. Best service I ever had. Best drinks in Vegas so far.  BEST EVERYTHING!!!!!
1	TERRIBLE VIP SECURITY!I  had a VIP table and bottle service and WAS NOT WORTH IT!!!Too packed, too crowded in VIP and I feel even worse for the people who were stuck on the floor smashed against eachother.I will say, this is a very beautiful club and when Armin Van Buren headlined this weekend, the show was amazing!But it was very hard to enjoy when you crammed like sardines at your VIP table! The security was crappy. They didnt check wristbands, so anyone could get in. But when I left to go to the bathroom, THEY DIDNT LET ME BACK IN! I had to have my friend tell them it was my table. Total BS...There alot of other better clubs in Vegas to check out that will give a better experience than TAO.
3	This is a 2 part review on both the Restaurant and the Club.The restaurant gets my 3 stars-it's really very hard for me to find any mei fun on this side of the country, and it was absolutely DEVINE. Sooo good.Waiter was very attentive and our drinks were constantly refreshed. I was never thirsty.Yes, overpriced. The ambiance is great and the music super loud.We made a reservation about a week before arriving in Vegas, and had to change it last minute, as we were arriving later than expected. They accommodated our change with no hassle.For those wondering how to get past the line..eat at the restaurant. You go right in, eat, and then you get access to the club with zero wait, and no cover charge.Ok so the club gets a big fat MEH from me.It was seriously over crowded. I kept wondering if a fire broke out, or a fight or any instance where I may need to run for my life, my chances for survival were zilch. I could not move at all. It was sooo insanely crowded.The music in the main room was awesome but forget enjoying actually dancing. Not possible.After 90 min, we high tailed out of there. I'd had enough of being elbowed and pushed.I think sardines have more room in their can than we did (are sardines even sold anymore)?! Anyway..forget it.The female bathrooms are cool in the club, because you get your own room-HOWEVER, you have no paper towels in there, so you have to touch the nasty handle and get towels in the hallway?? eww. so gross.I balled up a few squares of TP just to get the door open. Just seems very unhygienic.
1	My review is for the night club only as well.I'll keep this short and sweet.This is my 3rd time back to TAO. The 1st visit was incredible. 2nd and 3rd - awful. Everytime I go, I get angry and vow to never return. Somehow we're always back here.This trip, we visited because we had free entry due to wristband's. In Vegas, you'll take free when you can get it.The bouncers are BEYOND rude and have no qualms yelling at you, even when you're NOT causing a stink or being rude. I was simply trying to join my friends in line and was not allowed because if he let me do it, everyone else would to. Get over yourself, Mr. Bouncer. I wasn't attempting to squeeze 15 people in line. It was just me.They pack patrons in here like sardines. You cannot dance let alone move. Ugh. Even though everyone I encountered on their staff were rude, I still smiled and said thank you. Did I get a smile back? No. Bouncers on power trips.
5	Everyone knows the food here is delicious. But did you know that it's also super vegetarian-friendly? Go ahead, test your server. I've been here half a dozen times, different server each time, and every one of them was able to point out multiple vegetarian options, substitutions and off-menu items.My favorite is the Kung Pao tofu. (Just ask; they'll make it.) There are also all kinds of veggie roll combinations to choose from. Trust me, you will not leave hungry!
4	Great food great service.  Halibut was awesome.  The experience was much better than last night dinners at Fleur.  They would have received 5 stars but the bar let them down.  We ordered 3 very high priced drinks each.  There must have been an alcohol strike because we were good to operate heavy machinery after the 3rd drink.  Ryan our server stepped up and tried to make it good.  He gets 5 stars. Except for the bar this place is good
4	This review is for the RESTAURANT.The food is absolutely yummy!  We were a party of 8 and opted for the Chef's Tasting, which is like 3 courses for $55...not bad, right?!!  I can't remember all the yummy foods we ate, but one thing I do remember is the seabass appetizer....DO NOT PASS ON THE SEABASS Strater!  Seriously don't pass this yummy deliciousness up!!  Everything else was yummy too, I just can't recall because there was so much....but the seabass really really REALLY stood out!
4	Great music playing while you dine, nice atmosphere, and the Food is delicious! My only complaints: it can get a little noisy and pricey!  But it's Vegas and you get great service with good food.THE CHILEAN SEABASS was excellent! The Coconut Shrimp with Thai Spicy Peanut Sauce was good but they put to much coconut bread on the shrimp and the Thai sauce was not at all spicy.
5	My first time to a night club and we picked TAO. I had a room at the Venetian witch lets guest have a shorter line it was $10 for women $20 guys. This place had such a cool feel to it the sec you walk in. Drinks were pretty expensive at $16 for mix and. $9 for beer...next time I'll take the vodka my sister offers me in the room (that's what the ABC store is for)...it was cool getting mixed drinks from the best bartenders in Vegas tho. We tried getting up stairs but u needed to have wrist Bands on ..I'm not sure if you get them at the front door or what.Quick tipGet drunk or buzz before going inThere is a little out door space for fresh air on the window side of the dance floorOpen bar for women from 10-11Only open thur fri sat
3	Poppy is too staid to get into the idea of a place like TAO. It would have been great fun to see a Rachel Uchitel (sp?) type here but I suspect this place is no longer hot/cool and no amount of chubby young girls in overly short tight cheap dresses waiting to enter will convince me otherwise.Inside was dark and loud.  My review just says I'm old.
2	Was excited for dinner out at Tao. I had eaten in the one in NY so thought we were in for a great meal. We arrived on time for reservation but had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. We grabbed a drink at the bar. The bartender was nice; cocktail was pretty darn good. Our appetizer was unbelievable...so good...so we were excited for our entrees which included pepper steak, sweet potato tempura and something else I can't even remember and we just ate there this past weekend. The steak wasn't edible, pretty bland and the tempura was salty. Our waitress was nice; service was good - just wished the food would have been. It is nice that diners get into the club without having to wait in the crazy line. I would have been ticked if I had waited in line for that club though...wasn't anything particularly special.
4	I always have a fabulous time partying at the TAO Nightclub. Regardless of the night, I would definitely recommend getting your name on a guestlist, as their entrance line can start as early as 9:00 pm.  However, once you are inside, it will be worth all of the hassle.  This place is massive, with the dining experience downstairs and several rooms upstairs for drinking and dancing.  Each area features a different type of music and its own bar.  The main room also includes dancers, who put on interesting aerobatic routines to keep the night interesting.  The crowd tends to be attractive and in their late 20s-30s.  Though it has been around for a few years now, I still think that TAO provides one of the best nightlife experiences on the Strip.  I definitely recommend checking it out!
4	This review is for the nightclub only - Tao is the "oldest" and longest running hot nighclub in Las Vegas having been open for over 6 years. Now for a mega club in Vegas, it is one of the oldest ones (since it used to go up against Pure back in the day). I have to agree with other reviews that the "quality" of the talent has definitely decreased in the last few years, but nonetheless, Tao is still one of the best clubs to go to. With 2 different rooms on the main floor, the downstairs "lounge", and Tao Beach (only open during the summer months when it is warmer), there is definitely a lot of room to wander around. I'm more of a fan of going to Tao on Thursday nights (industry/locals night) and reserving the newer mega clubs for the weekend (as do most other club go-ers). Bottle service here is recommended but can also add up as it does in all Vegas night clubs.
1	Nightclub:Ok so my friends and I have been going to vegas since we turned 21 a few years ago and we usually make it a point to go to TAO especially if we fly in on a Thursday. Well that will not be the case any longer and here is why. The last time we went to TAO they would not let me in. I guess they thought that my I.D. was fake or something. Now I am well over 21 and I have had this same I.D. for 3 years. The bouncer was rude and didn't tell me why he wasn't letting me in (although I could figure it out) I am a human being you could have the decency to tell me why you are being stupid and not letting me in with my I.D. Also they kept asking if I had another form of I.D. come on now, how many people really carry two forms of I.D. (and of course I wouldn't be carrying another since the I.D. was my I.D. and I did have my medical card but apparently that's not ok, but come on now why would i be carrying someone else's medical card) When I asked they said I could check with one of the head security guys and if he says the I.D. is ok then I could go in, but he didn't even really look at the I.D. so clearly there is no second chance. I will not be returning to TAO, but I am not disappointed because it's always too crowded and smokey. F*@! you TAO security
4	In an effort to keep up the "Yelp-tiquette", I'll say this is for the restaurant.  Never stepped foot in the night club.  Loved this place when I first ate here, years ago.  And, while I was in Vegas, I decided to bring the girlfriend here to check it out again.  So, we made reservations about two weeks prior.  And on a Sunday.  So, anyway, I think the reservations thing was what made me give this place four stars instead of five.Even with reservations, we had to wait almost half an hour for a table.  Which I can understand to a point.  Now, the place was packed, but there was still a few tables for two open when we were walking by.  Not to mention, we were five minutes early.  Oh well.  Not too mad about it though.Okay, first thing I got to say, the Kobe sashimi was awesome.  Had to try it, even though it was quite a pricey item.  Interesting, though some traditional wasabi and some of the fresh wasabi together would be divine.For my dinner, I had the Grilled Raw Tuna.  The Asian Green Stir Fry was good, though I suppose the saltiness of it balances out the tuna.  And the peppercorn sauce just made it all mesh together nicely.  It was sweet, which accented the Tuna in a subtle way that really pulled the flavors out. Then the Lady had the Diver Scallops in curry sauce.  And man, those scallops were gigantic!  Buttery in the center but nicely seared outside.  Anyway, always had a fairly good time here as a restaurant.  Now, next time, maybe I'll actually get to try the nightclub.  Heh.
2	Tao Night Club:I've been here a few times. The first time I went, we didn't wait too long in line since we were early and on the guest list.  The other time I went, was when i took my BF, his friends, and his friend's GF to the club and we were in line for at least an hour and we were on the guestlist. Didn't get into the club till midnight?  We got on the dance floor and it was crowded.  My BF and I decided to leave the club and wait for our friends. The next day, my BF's Friend's GF was bruised up around her arms from bumping into people at the club. After that experience, I never recommend any of my friends to go to TAO. and from what I can remember the first time i went, the bathroom was far!
4	TAO was probably my most frequented club in Vegas.  Been here numerous times and ate at the establishments a few as well. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=R8U0Hksrf_1-aIHXlS0ZvwDining wise, it is very good for a clubbing venue. The miso seabass is my favorite: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=t6fCF9DhqcMLQc-CZS53zw My group of dining company got the Peking Duck: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=af2WhElSy-j8bHbE1SzzxQ the Salmon: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=tQrSase9Fdy17uVf517y_Q a few sushi rolls, spicy tuna on crispy rice and lobster and shrimp dumpling as appetizer. The dumpling was soooo delish, must try.Once you're done with dinner, then they stamp you for complimentary entry for girls and discounted entry for guys. You go out and bypass the nasty line out the door for re-entry.  Bottle service is another way to get you in relatively hassle free http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=4GcA6q_Kwjmyx9CyLlx0dg on and the hot almost nekked eye-candies dancing behind your table http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=6GXQJWcOJVRSLo2MPNB9tg is a big bonus.Most recently I was there last weekend for Heidi Klum's Halloween party and it was a packed mad house http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=y0jD82km6x8KEZG9el7OKg considering Ms. Klum was in the house incognito http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=kSsJiWF-mByH0LLCbS6DbA&select=yDa-H8s5tmlSp62gL4KYaQ Tao only has one level, but has a separate dance rooms for the different music palates.  The Tao beach opens during the popular season when the club gets packed.
4	Review for the nightclub....TIP:  If you are staying in the Venetian you get a fast ticket into the club.  I don't remember the details so make sure you check out the concierge.I like this club, as soon as you walk in you get a taste of how nice the ambiance is going to be.  Even though it's a pretty decent size club with multiple rooms, it gets packed later on in the night on the weekends.  So I recommend getting there before 11 to get some free space before it really starts bumping around midnight.  But let's be honest, we don't like dead clubs right?Like any other club, find your promoters so you're not stuck paying an arm and leg to wait in line till 1am.  Of course girls can get in free.  Because yah I"ve seen people still standing in line at that time....Crazy!The music was great (hip hop/ dance), go-go dancers in tubs, security were cool and making sure the annoying drunks were kicked out, guys weren't skeezy and partying in this club really makes you really feel like you are in Vegas!  Till 5am baby!  (Or maybe it was 6, lost track of time?)
1	One hour wait even with VIP line. So overcrowded we could barely move, rude staff and bartenders, $13 mixed drinks plus tip, lame layout with too many jammed up walking corridors.  WAY better choices in Vegas.
4	Before I discovered Marquee, this was my go to club. It's a pretty nice place, but the crowd is usually an older, and sometimes creepier in comparison to Marquee and XS. The dance floor is definitely too small, it wreaks of body odor and poorly overused aftershave/cologne once the floor gets packed and the floor itself is just a hot mess with everyone getting all kinds of sloppy. All in all, I'd put TAO on my top 5 clubs mostly because there's open bar for ladies on Saturday nights and I'm always down for free drinks :)
4	Food 4 out of 5
4	TAO always delivers a fun night when my friends and I are in town.  If you are staying at The Venetian, its a lot easier to get in.  Not a fan of paying cover? Try to find a promoter (that doesn't make you tip them) who can get you on the list!The music here is pretty good and I like how there are different areas to dance/lounge around.  I recently came here Halloween weekend and they were offering free drinks for the ladies between 10-11pm on a Friday night.  I thought it was cool that the choices of drinks were either AMFs of Long Islands.  Sure, they were on the weaker side but I had a nice buzz for the night.  For some reason, I always befriend random people at TAO and we all manage to keep in touch. hahahaha
3	We come here pratically every year during our Vegas trip, mainly because we stay at the Venetian and it's convenient for us to run in and out.  The past visit to Vegas we had bought presale tickets for this place since it was a Halloween party and our group had a more guy to girl ratio so we didn't wanted to spend the evening waiting in line.  I must say though, paying that $20 for the presale ticket was a good idea. None of us had to wait in that line that wraps around the place and we all gotten in, in under 10 mins, even the guys.  Although, I must ask, why oh why must they have so many set of stairs.  Every time I come here, I have a Deena-from-Jersey-shore-moment, tumbling down the stairs.... Drinks here are pretty expensive but good thing they have ins and outs so we usually come a little early, get stamped and run back to our room and drink and come back and dance dance dance.
1	Having friends that work here makes me ashamed to write this.When u don't have a table here, you are constantly being herded around the club by security who is disrespectful and violent at times.When u have a table, it's cramped, you don't even get to chat up people because no one can move.  There is always a line approx 5-10 min for THE MENS TOILET!The owners want to cram as many VIP tables in the smallest space, and the security is told unless people are ordering drinks, they are in a walkway, and have to move, there is limited facilities.  This place knows the numbers, and they don't care about your clubbing experience. Even when the bottles were free, i would rather have been at Marquee, XS, Surrender, Pure, or Tryst.I think this club is for out of towners who want to say they went here.
3	The place was packed and overflowing everywhere you walked.  We managed to accidentally walk into the VIP section near the dance floor and were able to get our dance on after gettng our drinks spilled on us by the herd of people and having stilletos jabbed into our toes.  If we hadnt found the VIP section, I would've hated being there.
4	We finished a 12-hour birthday outing here. The nightclub section wasn't open on a Wednesday night, so we just lounged it. The atmosphere and service were excellent. The music was good and not too loud for us to talk. We just shared a mix of appetizers. The pork pot stickers, sweet potato tempura, and garlic green bean tempura were excellent. The spring rolls...not so much. Quite salty, verging on unpleasant. Still, I'm a fan of this place. Bit pricey, but worth it to me for the location, service, most of the food, and the atmosphere. Excellent social venue and I'll want to go back on a date night too.
5	who's ready to parrrtayyy! my girls and I had sooooo much fun! i wish we could have stayed longer, but our feet just would not allow. Different rooms with different music. If you just want to dance your heart out stop on by.. try and pre-game because drinks are an arm and a leg. Thank god we made friends with a promoter, who 1. got us in free and skipped the line, and 2. gave us each a drink voucher, or else we would have had to pay 26 bones for a shot of patron! *gasps*...i know! terrifying!. but all in all a must stop when in town!
5	Came for Halloween weekend. It was our first time here and we were with some friends who had bottle service. We were very well taken care of but always with a price (thankfully not us). Your glass was never empty and they freshened the table every 20 minutes it seemed. This place was great for people watching. We were up top overlooking the bar. Only thing I would change is the size of the dance floor, not too big especially for how many people were there. All in all great night.
3	Tryna hit up the clubs in Vegas and you can't go to Sin City without saying you went to Tao right?! Just so happens that the number 2 DJ in the world was spinnin on the night we went here and it was rididculously packed! They were doing bottle service for 3K... YES, you read that correctly, 3K for bottle service (basic bottles) just because there were THAT many people tryna get into this joint!We got in at midnight and boy was it PACKED! There are lots of sections for bottle service (sorry, hell if I'm payin 3K for ONE bottle just because the number 2 DJ in the world is here!)... so we just found our way to a bar, got some drinks, and danced where we could... It's SUPER hard to even walk in this place because it's SO busy. Plus you have to walk up/down stairs (ummm yes I'm wearing almost 5 inch heels!) but thank God I didn't eat it lol! The music was more techno than anything else... we stay for a couple hours and it was okay... maybe if they switched up the music a little bit and didn't just focus on one type it would've been better. The bar is ridiculously packed with not enough bartenders to accommodate the herd of alcoholics tryna get a buzz... hire more staff!!!All in all... HUGE club, fairly nice, okay staff... need more bartenders, turn up the A/C!!!... especially if you know your capacity is MAXED OUT... and not a bad place... still thought Lavo was better though!
1	We got free passes on the street from some dude who was not requesting a tip.  (Thank you very much.) We did not get a table, just went on a Saturday night to check it out and we were hellishly disappointed.  There were so many sketchy gross dudes trying to grab your behind on the dance floor and absolutely no place to dance. I'm just glad it was free for us to get in.  Definitely not worth it on a Saturday night.
2	Lots of hype about this place. It's a good and maybe great place to go if you are (1) a good looking female, or (2) a male willing to pay for table service (about $450 a bottle). Otherwise, I'd say stay away.There seemed to be a constant steam of people entering the club. There also seemed to be a constant stream of people leaving the club. I suspect that the average time most people are in the club is about 30 minutes. The people staying in the club longer than 30 minutes are (1) the good looking females, and (2) the males paying for table service.
2	C R O W D E D!!!!!!something happened the last time I came here. All I gotta say is, that if you have any health problems, they have EMT's standing by!!! and might I add some cute looking ones too!! :)
4	My hot wife and I got in on 4th of July weekend with no VIP. It only took us 20 minutes to get inside. Be friendly and polite to the big guys with clipboards, they might just hook you up. I had a VIP coupon which allowed free entry for my wife and I only paid $10. When we walked in we were impressed with the layout and decor of the club. Love the entrance with the bathtubs, flowers, and beautiful models.  We danced from 10:30 pm to 2:00 am, I felt young again. One thing, the dance floor gets crowded. My wife and I danced with about 200 new close intimate friends. Be ready to play some defense on the dance floor. I felt like I was playing soccer or basketball because I was hip checking so many people to get them off my back. I was giving out elbows just as I was receiving them. A couple to my head and some to my ribs, I thought I was in a boxing match. All part of the experience of feeling young.  We saw Shawn Marion lounging around inside, he was friendly. My wife did not have a problem meeting Nick Lachey while he enjoyed his bachelor party. This is a cool nightclub but I don't think we will be back because of all the bruises we had leaving the dance floor. I guess I'm not that young anymore.
4	Both times I've been to Tao (would've been 3 if I didn't forget my ID and attempt to do a pass-back and then get caught... whoops...haha) I've noticed a trend: If you try to get there early you will undoubtedly be faced with this longass line that loops around the 2nd floor of the Venetian (or even outside the doors!). Best bet is to go late and either get walked in by a promoter or smile at the bouncers as they unclick the velvet rope :)Solid music. Lots of celebrities roll through this spot (Rev Run was there the last time I went but we didn't see him!). Dance floor gets PACKED but empties out to a comfortable crowd around 2 or so. I love love love the bathrooms here - they have clear doors that fog up once you turn the lock around 3x! AWESOMESAUCE :)
3	My first time in Vegas with friends and not family, we stayed at the Venetian and for some reason never went to Tao! The second time we flew in Thursday night and went to Tao for Industry Night. We probably arrived around 1am and just walked up to the doorman. He asked us if we were on a guest list, we smiled and said no and he let us in (prob a combination of us being girls + industry night).The inside is Asian themed which is a little weird for me since I can actually read the Chinese characters pasted around the club. From what I remember there are 3 floors. We were on the second floor the majority of the time at a table. The table set up is a little weird because there is a velvet rope separating the dance floor with the table but it just gets annoying because you have to go all the way around to get to the other side and people just kept on pushing the rope around. The music was a good mix of top 40, house, hip hop...although there were some old creepers lurking doing some dance moves from the '70s. Not sure if it was because it was industry night or what but the ratio of cute guy to cute girl was heavily skewed. Guess that's how creepy old guy found a girl to dance with. Gross.
5	We sat, we saw and we conquered.  Danny Novi, bartender extraordinaire and food aficionado, took care of us and served us yummy libations and delicious food.  I was at the end of a raucous weekend and we needed to wind down and  just chill.  So we hiked up on the bar and had a perfect relaxing end to a crazy weekend in Vegas.  Danny served me a Geisha Girl cocktail to get the chilling started then he upped the ante with the Raspberry Lemondrop which was heavenly and I probably drank more than I should have.  After that the dream started with luscious food creations coming so promptly from the kitchen.  We took Danny's every recommendation and did npt regret it espeially the sea bass and lobster ravioli.  I will come back here again and again and again.  Cheers to TAO!
3	Tao was fun, but not my favorite. We arrived late, so maybe the crowd was already losing energy. The bouncers were sort of rude at first, but we made some light conversation and they seemed to like us after that and we were immediately let in. Could be better, the dance floor seemed small. The people in the VIP next to the dance floor were loner chicks looking to sit on their couch the whole night, so I think maybe they put a negative vibe into our evening. But we still managed to have a blast.
4	Pretty cool club. We got there at 10, and girls were free, guys were $30. Also free drinks for the girls from 10-12, which was amazing. You better believe I took advantage of that. I like that there's always room to hang out on the balcony, which has a lovely view of the city. Nice mermaid girls swimming in bathtubs. The dance floor was packed like hell - definitely elbow to elbow with everyone. Good times though.Be CAREFUL with the bathroom. The doors are frosted glass, and there is this mechanism when you lock the door that makes the doors opaque. If you don't turn the lock all the way, the mechanism doesn't activate and people can see you going to the bathroom.
1	Sigh, I had high hopes for Tao. The dinner was alright but the service was great. Went back in line for the nightclub and OMG, the bouncer was so egotistic. One bouncer was really nice. He let us in because we needed to find the server from dinner for our "line pass" stamps. The other bouncer in charge of the line was a bitch! He asked my friend and I for our ID's and I let him know that we already got IDed by the other bouncer and we have a "TAO IDed" stamp as well. He asked again, I thought he didn't hear me over the music so I repeated myself. He asked again in a stern voice so we gave him our ID's. He let my friend in and then called her back AFTER he stamped her and asked to see her ID again. He let her go and called her back AGAIN asking to recheck her ID. He checked her ID a total of 3 times and then pulled her outside and threw her out. He then came back and said to me she's not coming in and asked if I wanted to go in. WTFI went upstairs to get my friends that were already in and told them what happened. We tried to explain to the bouncer that my friend spoke limited english and maybe there's just some sort of misunderstanding between them. No explanation. No excuses. No reason. He just threw her out. He said he's "doing his job."This was the start of a chain of horrific events that happened that night.F you Tao!
3	This club is really nice. The decor is amazing. But it seems like they let in way too many people past the fire code though. This is one of those clubs which you must get a table. If not you can't even move.
3	Nightclub review here. I went to TAO with a friend around 10:30pm. It was really our first time at a club. We saw a huge line winding around the front area where TAO is. Getting in however was free, fast and fun. We got all access tickets as we were part of the Rock 'n' Roll Marathon pre-party that was going on. I asked a bouncer which line we were supposed to be in, he placed us there, then waited for about 10 minutes. We got some pink wristbands, then were ushered in.The place was pretty packed! Decor was Asian-themed, lots of red and black. We got free drinks the night as part of the Rock 'n' Roll pre-party, though they were pretty iced up. But free is free.Maneuvering around the dance floor was a hassle. It was back to back full of people, but I suppose that's what a club is like. There wasn't much room to breathe.Would I go here again? Maybe not. I think one time is enough. There wasn't anything too special about this venue in my opinion.
3	I am not a club person, so I might be a bit biased, but if you are, this is probably a good one for you. It was very grand and very lively. The door staff was particularly nice to us and we all got in comped as guests of the hotel (both guys and girls) even though it was past midnight. No line wait necessary and it was great skipping it because it was long. Limited seating if you don't buy a bottle. If you are staying at the hotel, just make a reservation ahead of time to guarantee entry.
4	This club was pretty large...it had a lounge area with it's own bar and then a standing room with a bar which were down a hall of VIP tables from the main bar / dance floor.  The dance floor was packed...like sardines.  Especially once the confetti dropped and the women on the trapeze bar went flying above the dance floor - but what an awesome experience.  The good thing is, once your claustrophobia starts to act up, you can take a step out on a balcony that has a wonderful view of the strip.Service was very good as a friend lost her phone there and security was all over it.  They gave us their number to call and helped us out a great deal.  Excellent customer service, great drinks, awesome swimming mermaids and a good vibe overall.
1	Came here with my girlfriend because it was a place one of my co workers had recommended to stop on by for the experience. Coming here was a waste of time, music sucked the Dj was garbage playing 90's hip hop, and even then it more sounded like something my pandora would be playing back if i was to place snoop dog on instant stream, and that's better than what crap the Dj had brought that night. I'm big on music but this place had nothing don't waste your time here save your time money and sobriety.
3	This club was super nice inside. They played some pretty cool music all night and it was super crowded. It was rev run's birthday party night here and omg this place was super super crowded like dang can a girl walk through without getting bumped and shoved! Well my friends and I had a pretty good time here at club Tao!!!
1	TAO SUCKS.Come here if you want to wait in lines-on-lines-on-lines (four different lines that wind around the Venetian lobby just to get in, and then more lines at each of the various bars inside).Also a good place to STAND STILL while dancing.  The dance area is so packed that there is literally no room to move, just a mass of people squished together.Best thing about this place are the girls chillin in bathtubs with flower pettles over their boobies.
5	music  was great! dance floor was large ....free open bar,  waited in line for 5mins and didnt pay to get in and to top it off the bouncers were nice :) ..great experience!
2	Out of all the Vegas clubs I have been to, Tao kinda sucks. There isn't much of a decor in there. It's pitch black. Everyone stands everywhere and there isn't any security guiding people to move along like other clubs like xs and marquee. I would not choose this club again the next time I had a choice to pick a club to dance my butt off.
4	Thanks to my buddy and his girl for getting the hookup here and getting table service because it definitely made our entire experience fun as heck and one to remember.  If you have a large group and have the $$$$$, get table service so that way you can all have a place at the club.Other than the ladies in the glass windows acting out scenes and what not, this venue was your usual club scene.  But I gotta admit, Vegas does it better.
5	I've been here twice, and it's a pretty nice place.  They have different rooms with different DJs and different types of music if you feel like changing it up.  But this review is strictly for "Heat Bar" on the second floor.  It's the first room on your left once you go up the stairs.Ventured here last Saturday night, and with my fave DJ spinning, DJ Earwaxxx, my bf and I were having a great time.  Great music, great company, and even greater bartender, Melinda, from Heat Bar (she specifically told me to mention this and even had the time to write it down even though that bar was busy and poppin').  She was so quick and efficient.  In any bar, especially if it's busy, you gotta make yourself be even more assertive and known to the bartender.  I don't know if it was me being tipsy already but when I'd get her attention she'd look at you and tell you "one sec" letting you know she saw you and she'll get to you next.  And that is exactly what she did!  We've gone up to her twice already and gave us great service.  The third time I decided to buy my fave shot, Buttery Nipples lol.  They were out of Baileys and instead of telling me they were out she radio'd it in for them to bring more to her bar.  It came so quick!  As she made our shots I asked her name and she told me it, and I told her that I'd yelp good things about her.  At first I thought she wouldn't care but she took the time to write her name down for me AND she charged me only two of the three shots I bought.  Who knew mentioning Yelp would get you free things!  She was just overall awesome!
1	I went here three times and every timethere is always drama. The last one stole the cake.  We had a group of 15 and we had more ladies than guys. My friend never had trouble getting in and she is 24 yet the bouncers at tao are too stupid to realize that NOBODY CARRIES A SECOND FORM OF ID. They questioned her ID because it does not "look like her". Um, hello, but she knows her age, she's with a group of 24-25 yr olds and they want extra ID to confirm it's her? Wow...sorry Tao but you just lost 15 people for their business. Not only that, we were celebrating our friends birthday on THAT SAME DAY and they gave us this crap. I've had trouble before here but this one tops it. Screw you Tao and I hope you go out of business because you are just whack. Never liked this club, never will. 0 stars if I could. Go somewhere else!!
3	CROWDED. balls Crowded. CROWDED. Big CLUB in the Venetian. ITs a club that yea you should go see where the Celebrities party at, but if you aren't a celebrity than you should leave haha. Came here one time Jay Z was hosting or something. I saw him but he obviously didn't see me and didn't care that I was being squished to death in the crowd. whatever. Good thing it was still summer, and the beach area on the roof was open. Hot air and okay lounging area. Way too many stairs. There was problems with guest listing but whatever. me and my friends all got in free. Second time I came here was for a friends' Birthday dinner. Made reservations for 9 30 .. surprise surprise didn't get seating until like 10 30 -___.-. thanks for the compliementary one drink for waiting so long. We missed open bar at the night club at this point. Dinner was okay. the food was good. but not anything spectacular. Lets just say I had a lot better and for less money. The place is beautiful , but its so dark you can't really tell. Thank goodness for nice people who let us in their bottle service. Next time, just go for open bar and leave. They really don't care about you .
3	We got tickets for Dash Berlin and were super excited to check out Tao. We never been to both Tao and Lavo in NYC so this was definitely something we were a little reluctant to do since there are many other nightclubs in the area....So let's start off from the beginning, the moment we got down from our suites, there was huge lines at 10.30pm!! Luckily the bouncers put us on some VIP lines (maybe he saw us holding our printouts), so we got in in about less than 10minutes. The place is really cool, gives you the wow factor. Few bathtubs on your way in, into the the dinner area, there is a huge buddha... and up the stairs, more lounges areas and buddhas.... into the club, that's where the party starts!!The have a big bar area near the dance area, very CROWDED even at 10.30pm!! Drinks are similar to NY price, so i wasn't surprised. Crowd was weird, i know it's vegas, so most people are wasted when we got there..... and yes i know it's vegas, but does every man needs to hit on you the second your man walked off to the men's room (and vice versa)?? creepy!!! Anyways, we were here for Dash Berlin, and he came on around 12:30am-1am.. His entrance was accompanied by a showgirl dancing over the top of the dance floor (yes she was FLYING from one corner to another!!) pretty fun for the drunk crowd! They also give you glow in the dark sticks or something that you can use to hit people who are on your way! Nice touch to the partyLastly, they have lots of douche bags bouncers, who would not let you take pictures or limit you to 1 picture... lame ass... and the best part of the night is we got our way all the way to the front of the DJ booth and got a superb view of Dash Berlin the rest of the night.... Key word for this place. CROWDED!!!
1	This weekend was my second time at Tao and I don't think I will go back.  My friends and I(around 17 people) were celebrating our close friend's birthday when one of our friends was turned away because the bouncers didn't believe that the person in her driver's license was her. She is 24 years old and has never been refused at ANY clubs in ANY city because of anyone not believing the person in the photo was not her. She got into Tao 2 years earlier when she was 22! Also, my friend's younger sister got in and she didn't. That doesn't make sense to me.I would think that after being a bouncer for a long time, one should be able to tell from the features in a driver's license picture and be able to compare it to a real person.My friend offered other forms(plural) of identification but Tao's management said they could only accept a passport. Who would bring a passport to a club? To Vegas?This incident ruined the rest of our evening and of course we couldn't have a good time at Tao when my friend was not able to get in. We left Tao and went to two other clubs that night and my friend got in without a problem.Tao, I know you are liable for underage individuals in your club but next time you refuse someone please be more careful in your evaluation.In the end all we wanted was to have a good time and we were deeply disappointed.
1	I don't care for TAO and it is actually my least favorite club in Vegas. I don't like the design because it is very confusing. I came here twice; once for the pool party and the other for the club. I hate how I had to walk all the way downstairs to use the bathroom (during the pool party). It is way too crowded but I do like that we got free drinks til 12.
4	SUPER PACKED!! Virtually impossible to move around in this place, yet TAO remains one of my favorite clubs in vegas. Mainly because of the awesome memories/people I've experienced here. I always held that its pointless to come to vegas unless you have a hookup to a club, the lines are just way too ridiculous.
5	Came for dinner on a recommendation and was not disappointed.  Could have easily gotten slammed on the Orange Dragons.  So delicious and smooth I can't say enough.  The menu has just enough not to make choosing frustrating.  The service and food did not disappoint.  Portions were just right, so if ya plan to stay and dance you won't be lazy.
2	Meh.We only went because of Benny Benassi, free admission and open bar bands courtesy of a friend of a friend. 100% of my criticism has to do with the amount of people management wants to stuff into the venue. Though the music and Eastern style decor were great, I didn't appreciate getting fondled by drunk guys as we navigated the packed-to-capacity walkway and the alarming number of drunk, barefoot Asian girls throwing up in and around the club--you kiss your Popo with that mouth? I don't care how hot the girl is--no girl looks good fumbling and falling with a makeup-smeared face. Not cute ladies. Tao totally reinforced why I have always loved, and continue to love, gay clubs.
1	This was my first time at TAO and it was terrible!1. The disorganized mess of lines. There were three or four lines wrapping around the entire "square" with no clear signs for VIP or Guest list lines. When I asked an employee which line I should get to, the way he answered made it seem like someone had pissed in his corn flakes or something. Attitude much? (See number 5 down below)2. Layout. Stairs=Not cool. Also, the bathrooms on the ground level: who the hell puts "yin" and "yang" on the doors instead of women/men (And no clear symbols either) While waiting for my friend outside, I redirected several guys who nearly walked into the female restrooms. 3. Crappy music. Benny Benassi was headlining at TAO but didn't show up until around 1 or so. But before that in the different rooms had some shitty remixes.4. The crowd. I don't know if maybe I went on an "off" day or anything but nobody was dancing! What's up with that? Benny Benassi was supposed to be there but it didn't seem like the crowd was hyped up or excited as all. Everyone just seemed like they were standing around "being cool". It almost felt like a middle school dance. Awkward!5. Service/Employees. After my friend and I decided to leave, I discovered that my id (thankfully just my college one) and hotel room key had somehow fallen out of my wallet. I went back to ask for help but the promoter I talked to was so unsympathetic and rude to me that it made me cry. Virtually every employee I asked questions to in TAO was either rude or not helpful at all (except for the elevator guy, who was just helping out at TAO and regularly works at LAVO). Even though my friend and I paid no cover and had the open bar wristbands, it was by far the worst club we went to in our Vegas trip. Afrojack at Surrender was way better!
1	This place is LAME!!!!  The food was mediocre and I still had to wait 30 minutes after dinner to get a stamp to go upstairs, because they couldn't find the "stamp girl".  When i complained the staff was rude and didn't really care to help us out and they just kept telling us to wait but i didn't see anyone doing anything about it.   The WORST customer service I have experienced in my life and super crowded...don't go here unless you have bottle service, or better yet don't go at all.  I would recommend avoiding this place at all cost and going somewhere else to spend your money.
3	I can actually remember walking into TAO club this time!! Mainly because we didn't pre-party because FREE DRINKS til 11:30! SCOREEE!!! We came here to see Dash Berlin the other weekend.To get to the club, you have to walk through the restaurant and up the stairs. It's a trip if you're already drunk and you see people eating their dinner as you make your way upstairs to get your drink and dance on.The inside is very asian-themed. I remember it being dark and red silhouettes. Also a section with tons of candles(?) which is nice to take pictures. There are bathrooms upstairs and you can see people's shadows through the doors. I like how there are sinks inside your stall.The dance floor is always packed... and having a famous DJ spinnin, I wasn't surprised we were sardines. My sis and I got pulled into the VIP section where there was much more space to dance. I like how you can actually see the DJ since the dance floor isn't big. Lots of lights and also had confetti fallin from the sky once Dash Berlin hit the stage.
2	The food was average; I've had better Asian fusion food at other less trendy places. The nightclub was a different story....we had mixed feelings about it as we went two nights in a row. Packed dance floor, overpriced drinks, and they charged cover from the ladies, so not cool!
4	Great music, good times! And free admission for me & my girl friends. Wish it wasn't so crowded though.
4	YES it is crowded!But wouldn't you expect that from a club that has so many celebrities and is one of the most beautiful hotels in VEGAS! people come here to let loos get crazy and dance the night away! Yes the drink are expensive yes the lines are long but if you plan ahead you will not be disappointed. first of all they want more girls in here than guys obviously. Girls round up your besties and get here at 9 to make line, 1 you'll probably get a coupon for a free entrance 2 you ll probably get hooked up by the bouncers 3 you can get to the bathroom as soon as you get in and you wont make line. Fellas! DO get here early and meet girls hanging out so it can seem like there are more girls in your group if not just be prepared to pay full price ($30). Please dress accordingly, dancing shoes slacks, dress pants, nice shirt, tie whatever just don't show up in jeans and a t shirt you will be let out trust me Ive seen it! girls we can wear as much or as little as we want I'm sure no one will mind. There are so many dance rooms in here you wont know where to go. Coat check is before you enter and the balcony is a beauty of a site to see.  Enjoy!
4	This place is crowded every time I've been which just proves that it is a good club. What I love about it is that the security guards inside LOVE putting the pretty girls in the VIP and bottle service areas...I can't complain. I've received great treatment every time I've gone. My group even got free drinks until 12pm at both TAO and LAVO. The decor is also beautiful. The dancers are really pretty too.Only reason it's not 5 stars is because of how confusing the layout is. I had NO idea there was more than one dance floor the first time I went.
3	This club has been around forever and it isn't going anywhere soon (apparent from the minor remodels they've done recently). In it's prime this was the place to be but that's years removed now. At it's busiest, it gets so crowded and there is no place to go because the layout is so awkward that you just end up standing in one spot most of the night. Drink prices are on par with most other nightclubs in town. They do have an open bar early in the night for ladies on the guestlist so that's a bonus. Much needed since there are newer and better places opening every 6 months.The restaurant during dining hours is pretty good. It's pricey though and the portions are small. Last time I ate there I hit taco bell on the way home to fill up.
3	Get small plates - the sea bass & squab were pretty good and the duck spring roll sweet. The tempura avocado was OK but eat immediately while hot. I told them it was my birthday but this was not acknowledged in any way. Service was a bit slow. Prices were also quite high, even for Vegas - we paid $70 for three small plates & 1 tempura with tax & tip. The decor was very hip & trendy.
2	This place has a lot of hype but it's actually quite out-of-date on the music and no room to do any dancing anymore - too many booths!!
1	Ok I haven't yelped in so long but this "NIGHTCLUB" is whack! I've always wanted to go to Tao I've heard so many good things about this place. 1st of all we got in free which was awesome because the line to get in is so long so myself and the five other friends I was out with that night walk in short wait only because we knew the person working the door, and what do you see STAIR!! WTF we walk up like four flights of stairs in our six inch heels ouch get some water down drinks take some pictures because the place is stunning! we walk onto the 1st dance floor an it's super over crowed. We go into what looks like a bigger room and bam a million more people. The music was ok but the bartenders were rude and over worked there were people just standing around not dancing wtf is that about if your at a night club get your boogie on lol or get off the dance floor! ok so after the 1st and 2nd rooms we go outside after walking another few flights of stairs it's tao beach cool right! Not really it like a small wading pool surrounded by concrete I didn't drive four hours from LA to go to a nightclub that beautiful because the decor is amazing the girls are beautifully displayed but I wanna have fun and this wasn't the place.
2	I was tempted to give this place 1 star, but I realized that the reason I had such a horrible experience was partly my fault and partly the fault of Tao.I got in on a guestlist, which...for people who have never done that before, don't let it fool you. We still waited about 1.5 hours in line before we got to the front. Definitely get there early...I didn't and end up missing out on the open bar for the ladies. When we finally did get in, we were essentially walking in a straight line the entire time until we found a bar. We didn't even realize this was the first floor...the layout is very confusing as most people say.The second floor was overcrowded. We were just standing there waiting for people to move. All the guys stepped on my feet (ladies....rethink the heels in this crowd) and one guy even spilled his drink on me and didn't even apologize. My boyfriend tried to find a place to sit, or even stand, and was yelled at by a bouncer when he accidentally walked into the VIP section. We tried to go to the dance floor, but ended up on the stairs to the dance floor with everyone in front of us giving up and dancing right there. We ended up leaving (after it taking us about 15 minutes just to get downstairs)I realize this is Vegas and that it's a popular place, but there needs to be some serious control of the crowds and the bouncers need to cut out the attitude.
3	Scored VIP tickets for TAO and LAVO talking when talking to the people checking in our bags. We decided to go to TAO because we knew that it was like the Marquee back in the day. We ended up going REALLY late because half of my friends got to the hotel around 12 PM. Got to the club around...2 AM. Yeahh, Vegas. :)Overall, it was pretty cheel. Interesting decor. Pretty darn Asian, but it wasn't...gaudy or anything. One warning to all the drunk girls out there: their bathrooms are TRICKY. It's like a glass door, and you have to turn the locky thing to make it MIST up! It's pretty cool really, but really confusing. I think the bathroom ushers were trying to tell me that that is how it worked but I just really had to pee so I just pretended I knew what they were talking about and nodded. Sigh. I wasn't even drunk, but I realized that I fell into their trap as I saw the aghast face of the usher...-_- sigh. Oh well, next time I know. Also, the bathrooms are on the 2nd floor right above the dance floor. Don't stand right on the edge talking/waiting for friends because people can see up your skirts. TRICKY TRICKY.Other than that, pretty good night. I liked the music alright and really enjoyed the fact that I could actually move around and dance. Pretty empty but it was really because we came REALLY late. It was a nice way to start off a Vegas trip. :)
4	fun, upbeat, full of energy, love the sexy girls in bath tubs and on poles!
4	This beautifully executed space with tasteful decor showed our bachelorette party a smashing good time on our first night in Vegas. I loved the moody Asian theme (shocking, I know...) and special accommodations they made for my party. After getting referred by a contact to the lead host, we were advised to arrive at 10:30 to bypass the long line and to be escorted inside to our table and bottle service. The dark and seductive lighting along with thumping beats had us ready to get into mischief. Our servers were diligent in checking to make sure that our drinks were topped off which was a plus! The professional dancers elevated able the crowd and jaw dropping ladies splashing around topless in the tub certainly peaked interest in what Vegas has to offer. The DJ was solid and the place was swarming with photographers and a lively crowd. My only gripe is many of the horrifically offensive young ladies who were grinding and attempting to be "sexy" on the elevated bar area. These women were patrons of the club and had no issue with showing off their "lady parts" when they had no business doing so. Trust me sweetheart... I don't need to see you Britney and that bandage dress is around 3 sizes too small for you. Thank goodness security finally removed them from the dance area.... unfortunately there were many clones of this throughout the night. The rest of the crowd on the actual dance floor and throughout this massive club were all good. Although there were certainly more ladies at this club compared to men. At LAX it seemed to be more even in ratio?I would definitely come back to Tao again.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with Tao. I'm always usually jazzed about going and once I get in, I love the feel of the place with its vast, temple like aura filled with young hot bodies gyrating in a hedonistic frenzy to thumping, pulsating beats. They also have an awesome terrace that overlooks the strip.....best place in Vegas to take a smoke break. And, saving the best for last: the girls soaking in bathtubs wearing next to nothing. The guy who gets to refill their tubs must be the happiest guy on Earth.What I don't like is the seen and be seen attitude of the crowd here, which seems to be more important than having fun. The bathrooms are very poorly located and can be hard to fine and God help you getting to the bar to get a drink as you have to push and shove your way to get to both.So I always wind up leaving before too long because this wears on my nerves very quickly. Not a reason to not check this out because a trip to Vegas without hitting Tao would be like going to Disneyland and not riding The Matterhorn.
5	Don't know about the food but go here to party.  We did bottle service here and it was crawling with women.  Honestly it felt like 2 to 1 women to men.  Insanity.  It starts getting very thin around 2 AM though so get a few bottles starting at 10 AM and bounce out around 2 AM.  Go-go dancers are insane, waitresses are beautiful and the service is awesome.  It does get a little tough to navigate when it is jammed up.  Just go here if you want an awesome club experience.
3	This club is super packed and the DJ is amazing. My only complaint is that they need more bartenders to make drinks. There's no reason you have to wait like 30 minutes for a drink then pay 20$ for it. The upstairs bar is the worst! I love the music and the Asian theme with the buddhas everywhere. Me and my friends danced from 1030-4am! Would definitely go back...
4	Crowded? YesGreat music? YesPretty girls sitting in bathtubs with only petals covering their boobies? Yes. (Although I'm sure their fingertips and toes are getting wrinkled sitting in water so long. Good thing it's dark). =P Yup, just another Saturday night at Tao. We went in around 12am and it was free because we were on the guest list.  Earlier in the day we had found a promoter on the sidewalk near the Venetian and he gave us free passes. All we needed to do was text him our names and we would be on the guest list for the night. Yay for freebies! =)We got in line and waited maybe 10 minutes or so. We had a pretty good ratio too, three girls and one guy. Once you get in, the main dance floor is on the second level. There is a third level too, but people are mostly standing up there. I actually wish I hung out on the first level more. Way MORE space to move around/dance/hang out. Music isn't as good as the second level though.Half of the main dance floor is roped off for VIPs. The rest of us get squished on this super packed danced floor. The DJ was pretty good though, spinning a lot of current hits that we can dance to. They have confetti spewing over the dance floor at various times of the night, and scantily clad girls dancing on a ledge above the dance floor too. There was also a girl doing acrobatics above the dance floor every once in awhile. It was all very interesting and added to the fun vibe of this place. Oh and in regards to drinks, they have girls come around the dance floor and offer buy one get one free "shots". We got 4 shots for $24. And they weren't really shots. The shot tasted like a sugary sex on the beach, and wasn't very strong. I didn't even get my Asian glow, and I'm pretty sensitive! =P Not worth it. The bouncers are like ninjas here, so don't start crap at this club. There was a fight barely starting to break out in front of us. No physical altercation could even occur before the bouncer flew in and scooped out one of the guys. The guy was totally taken off the dance floor and shoved out a back door in less than 10 seconds. It was that quick. The cleanup crew was on the same spot mopping up the spilled drinks and everything was fine again in a minute. Props to security for keeping the drunk douche bags in check! All in all, good music, great company, fun times. And it was free!
2	Despite meeting Wilmer Valderrama, Mike Tyson, and Alonzo Mourning here, this place was an absolute nightmare.  We each paid $40 cover to cram onto the dance floor like packed sardines.  If I ever came here again, I'd stay outdoors the whole time.  Indoors is like driving in LA traffic...total buzzkill.
4	Granted, I haven't been to that many nightclubs in Vegas, but this is definitely near the top of the list. Nice Asian theme and cool light sticks to wave in the air. However, when it's packed, it's PACKED. The dance floor is tiny. Forget about trying to really get anywhere, trying to find anyone, trying to figure out who you're actually dancing with, and definitely forget trying to go to the bathroom. Can't go upstairs if you don't have a table, there are plenty of bouncers at all the stairs to escort you back down.The music for dancing was pretty great. We were there for several hours before getting tired and splitting for 25 cent wings at Hooters.I hope you didn't pay too much for your clubbing clothes because they are definitely going to get spilled on and possibly suffer more damage as the night wears on. This pretty much goes for all nightclubs in Vegas that are happenin'. If your clothes don't get dirty, you probably didn't have enough fun.We got in thanks to our promoter who got us on the guestlist for Lavo which allowed us to get into Tao free for girls and $10 for guys.
4	Came here to see Dirty South on Dec 30th. Got there around 11pm thinking Dirty South would play at midnight but he didn't spin til 1am. Anyway, my friends & I lounged on the first floor. Loud music, plenty of people drinking and dancing and plenty of space. We easily got ordered some drinks and had a few smokes. The Hip Hop room upstairs is a bit small but it was a lot of fun considering I don't like rap at all. Overall, I really liked this place. The dimmed red lights, the oriental vibe, the great spot I got 3 feet away to right of the DJ to dance all night.
2	I used to come here all the time.... the music used to be awesome... i used to have fun....key phrase: "used to"Came here on a Friday night with 4 other girls from out of town.  We had left a different club (which was playing house or techno or electronic or dubstep or whatever you want to call that noise) in search of better music.  Yeah. Didn't find it at Tao...unfortunately.From what I recall they used to have 3 separate areas that played 3 different types of music.  The night that I came, the main dance floor and the little room in the back were playing the same garbagey techno crap that we thought we left with the previous club.  We ended up going downstairs to the tiny lounge/entrance area where the music was a little better...but not by much.  They were basically playing all the songs that they play on the radio that girls love to sing and act all American-Idol'y along to when they're drunk.  I dunno.  Maybe I'm old.  Maybe I'm jaded.  The girl with the flower bra in the bathtub doesn't do it for me anymore.  Neither do the anorexic chicks in the plexi-glass box/bedrooms.
5	Oh TAO... despite what everyone says about you you will always be my favorite club in Vegas. Whenever I come here I'm treated so well and I don't even know anybody high up!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE TAO. My ladies and I signed up for the guest list on Thursday night but when we got there I guess we signed up for the wrong one or something had happened. We were super bummed bc the line was REALLY long. The guy we talked to must have seen the disappointment in our faces because he said nevermind and just walked us in! LOVEEEEEEEE!!!!! The club was packed yet somehow it was still comfortable, as in I could navigate just enough to not bump into anyone and still have my personal space. We got there 10 mins before open bar closed to slam some drinks down. After 11 the bartender recognized us and said she would hook us up for free still. LOVVEEEEE!!! We tipped her of course, we're not super cheap! The dance floor was crackin. It helped to have the ladies in the bathtub to look at when I couldn't see any good looking guys LOL. Hip hop music was on blast AND they even played some Bay Area music. LOVEEEEEEEEE! One of the guys helped us up to dance on one of the blocks so me and my girls let loose.... THEN we got taken to the VIP section by this really nice promoter. I wish I knew his name bc I would refer everyone to him. He was so cool, he took a picture of himself on our camera.. maybe ill post it on here. LOL. In VIP we got jello shots and met some cool people. LOVE LOVE LOVE! To think from not on the right guestlist to VIP... the night seriously was way better than we had planned it to be. Only bad thing- bathroom long line. Every club should have a bajillion womens stalls to give us that security that when we need to throw up we can do so in private and not in ice buckets. i'm not naming names.... lol but seriously. haha.If you're a female you'll love how comfy and fun it is here. So not douchey. If you're a guy prepare to wait in line but with all the ladies it's def worth it.
4	Came here on my last night in Vegas, with my boyfriend. When we arrived, there was a long line, and we were a bit confused on where to go. We were shuffled from line to line before we finally found the man with the list and he gave us the wristbands and in we went! They had an open bar for ladies going on, so I was able to get a few drinks and pass them to my boyfriend as well. So far, so good. The music is your typical house music, mixed with some other stuff, so it was pretty nice to dance along to. The decor inside is pretty nice, but it got packed quick. The area we were in did have some doors that led to the balcony of the Venetian, so it's nice to get some air, or take some pictures of the Mirage across the street.It did not seem as they were too strict on the dress code, as I saw a few ladies wearing regular jeans and shirts. Despite that, I would definitely want to come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
2	With so many better options in Vegas, do yourself a favor and pick one of them. EVERYONE comes here, so it's insanely crowded without anything really special to offer. I was here for a bachelorette party once and the Kardashians were filming for Kim's birthday. Hands down worst club experience of my life. I was literally lifted off my feet by a sea of sweaty party-goers and had multiple drinks spilled all over my dress. Glad I had on my Forever 21 party frock rather than something more expensive. I was soaked! I've been back when it's not AS crowded, but long-lines, a less than elegant crowd, crowded dance floor and hackneyed tunes have proved consistent themes at TAO. A lot of people have reported fun nights here but unfortunately I have yet to have any great experience at TAO.
4	Great club! Patrons be weary . . . We attended this club when Diddy was hosting and everybody knows ain't no party like a Diddy party. Guys I would highly recommend bottle service, a table, and a trendy suit.
4	Boy, did I have a blast at TAO.  You know, the details are a bit fuzzy, but I'm pretty sure that the spilled drinks and post-dancing sweat must mean we did something right!This was my first Vegas clubbing experience, and everything was set up "perfectly."  It was my first time back in Sin City after over a year, I was seeing some sexy people that I hadn't been around with, and I already had a few Jack & Cokes to start off the evening.  Not to mention that Miss Jaymie Lynn S. was able to get us some free passes for some of the fellas.  No cover?!  Thank you Mr. Bouncer.For the guys, TAO is hella strict, so you better dress to impress.  Besides, why wouldn't you want to show off that fresh, clean look to the (often) crowds of Asians that frequent this place?  There's also the nearby Miracle Mile where you can buy a pair of slacks for less than $40, which I totally didn't do before heading in.So how does the club itself rack up?  Pretty damn good.After you get in (and the line could be long), you head on upstairs to the first dance floor with plenty of go-go dancers and lit up bars.  Dance floor space was a bit limited, so we headed to another room where they had roped off a couple of couch areas for bottle service.  Meh.The ladies tonight had some kind of deal where they got free booze for an hour or two.  Needless to say, I didn't pay a single dime for the four... five... six(?) AMFs that I had tonight.  It was one blue drink after the other (holler to Jaymie Lynn S., Nina Y., and Kathleen W. for having my back!)  Drinks were decent, but it's to be expected being a packed-ass night club like TAO.  If you gotta pay per round, a drink will set you back around $15, so make sure you bring some dollars to tip the bartenders.DJ was on fire tonight.  I'm a sucker for Top 40 and Hip-Hop, but more-so the former just cause it gets EVERYONE riled up.  For my first time clubbing here, I definitely approved of the music selection.  Or at least I'm sure I did.  I do remember having an AMF in my hands for most of the night and going all out with it, so I'm pretty sure the music was poppin.If you get hot, there's a balcony area where you can go take a breather- or you can go straight to TAO Beach.  Small dance floor, but a good way to escape the sweat inside (even though I'm sure it's just as hot outside as it is inside).Bathrooms were a bit hard to find outside, and I only remember there being any on the floor with the go-go dancers.  It's easy to get separated while inside, so make sure you have a cell to call the homies up.Also, doesn't matter how drunk you are- but make your friend doesn't start running away and your drunk ass starts chasing after them.  Got into a bit of trouble with the bouncer inside... but damn it was fun.TAO- you were aiite.  I had a lot of fun, and I'm sure I'll be back for some more.
5	Review is only for the night club. I honestly only remember vivid times when i was here.Party of 8 guys, 4 girls. 2:1.WorstRatioEVER.To counter the bad ratio, we had 4 guys get bottle service, thus making it a 1:1 ratio with the rest and we all get in!Getting bottle service was easy, contacted Chris Traer, (contact information is online if you google his name) a week before our day.  Use him as a resource, he'll give you the details how to get into the club.Line: Idk because i was in the bottle service line, and I just texted Chris and he came down to get me and my 3 guys. I told him about the other 8 people in my party, and he found them in the regular line and put them in a faster line.Layout: Bottle service = elevator, regular people = stairs. There are two rooms, the opium room and the main floor. We had our bottle service in the opium room (which is smaller), and it was pretty nice.  I like the layout of this club. I kinda only wish that the main dance floor had another entrance to get into. I really liked the fact that the dance floors are of course packed, but the hallway in between them are just a place to lounge around, so it wasn't that much foot traffic going where you wanted to go.  Vibe: Opium room played a lot of hiphop, while main floor was EMD. The decor is really nice, regardless of how drunk I was, the opium room felt a bit more intimate, while the main floor was like a large party. The main floor dance floor is crazy packed, I eventually had to leave because it was getting hard to breathe at one point. Getting drinks was whatever, I mean except 11 dollar blowjobs (woman friend ordered it, not me). Also abuse the fact that girls get free drinks from 10:30-11:30. Pass around those AMFs, TOKYO TEAS, SILVERBACKS, WHATEVERR.TLDR: If you want to get into the club faster, do some research. Get there early, so you can stack your pregame with the one hour open bar for women. Tao is a nice club!I was going to rate 4 stars, but i had to give it 5. All my friends have stories like one of them burning his shirt...HAHA
5	Why does this place only have 3 stars? Unbelievable! I had an amazing time here!I came to TAO on my last night in Vegas with a group of friends. My friend is a promoter there his name is Andy, hooked us up with a really nice table. Huge booth right in the middle. We came here for my birthday celebration. Got bottles of Hennessy Privilege and champagne. There are girls with pasties sitting inside a tub and girls on ropes in the air. We got in fine with no problems with excellent service. The waitress was fantastic. She stood around the table waiting on us to see if we needed anything else. When it was midnight all of a sudden Confetti and smoke and sparklers were everywhere. The waitresses came with a huge bottle of Dom P. and a plate of cake pops and fruits. It was a birthday SURPRISE! I was so shocked! it was fantastic! I also loved the music! It was hip hop mixed into trance! there are cubbies that are hidden where the girls can put their coats and clutches if needed. The only thing I didn't like it the bathroom was all the way upstairs and a long line. When people have alcohol in them, they need to restroom! LOL. Wish there was faster access to that. The patio is nice, great view but kind of small. TAO has beautiful decor and a very "Geisha" feel to it. LOVE IT!
1	Ugh, I did NOT have a good time here. We were on a guestlist and we waited in line for about 15 minutes. When we got in, I was shocked at how crowded it was. We fought our way to the middle of the dance floor and I literally could barely move. I was getting pushed on all sides, drinks were spilling on my shoes and dress, and there was zero room to dance. I would never come back here on a weekend because really, what's the point of going to a club if you can't dance your ass off?There was open bar for ladies from 10:30-11:30 (that was nice). The bathrooms are up a flight of stairs (that was not). it seemed like there was a 5 girl to every guy ratio, and the guys that were there were with girls. For the single ladies, that's not great. So basically, I couldn't dance without touching the sweaty people around me, got pushed the whole time I was here (and when you're not used to 5 inch heels, that makes it really easy to fall), and left with alcohol on my shoes. I honestly felt like smacking all the people around me. No Tao, never again.
3	Good music. Awesome decor and ambiance but had a small dance floor. Was really packed. Drinks were super expensive. Try and get on guest list to get free drinks for girls of you can. The line to get in wasn't bad either.
3	3.5 stars. Went with a group of friends this weekend for the open bar mostly. Guys got in for 20, which isn't that bad. Bouncers were a little rude for cover, not cool. TAO is really nice, appearance wise. Walking though the restaurant before going to the club did make me hungry. what a tease. Went early enough where there wasn't any issues of space. Our main goal here was drink, so we didn't get to explore the other dance floors, but that's okay, maybe next time. While most of the drink were aight, they made some pretty bad basic well drinks, and the wait to get a drink was long. Like come on, messing up a rum and coke? and waiting as much as I was dancing wasn't too hot either. But hey, was feeling really good after we left, so I'm not complaining too much, The music wasn't that bad too. Too bad we didn't know that dash berlin was playing that night. Well, bad that we didn't get to hear him play. good because we left before it got ridiculously packed. We were ale to dance with a great amount of space. and trust, with a group of dancers, we need our space. Overall, not a bad time at TAO. Guess I need another trip to really go exploring.
2	Everytime I go to TAO nightclub, I would ALWAYS have good time but to an extent then it just gets lame after that.  With people constantly shoving,pushing, and girls stepping on you with their high heels it gets to a point where I just want to leave.  One time I was waiting in line and this girl in front of me raised up her leg to take a picture and her heel cut my leg and my leg started to bleed.  But TAO overall is a great place to dance since their music is very enjoyable to dance. The go-go dancers are pretty good and better than other go-go dancers I have seen in other nightclubs.
4	Fact: I am AsianFact: Tao is AsianFiction: Tao is full of only asians.My friends were looking to do it up big one night and we called around seeing what sort of deals for bottles we could get as our guy to girl ratio was really bad.  Marquee had kaskade playing so our hook up there said it would be near impossible / break your balls expensive to get a table that night.  So, our friend called another connection at tao and got us a great deal.  I won't expand on the extravagance of our alcohol tab but let's just say I am very happy I made it back to my own hotel room that night.It was my first time at tao and I had a blast, the music was banging and we had a table in a not so hot spot at first.  We weren't complaining as we had just asked for a spot like an hour prior to actually arriving.  But our host told us a spot opened up right on the edge of the dance floor and Shazam we were right in the mix of all the action..This place is Asian themed, yes there are a lot of asians that go there, but there is quite the mix as well.. It is your typical over crowded, alcohol infused club but you can definitely have a great time there. I know i did. I know everyone thinks Tao is washed up and that XS, Tryst, Marquee, Haze are the spots but Tao is still happenin' and its not a dead beat by all means.Next time in vegas, Tao better watch out. :)
3	Went here to celebrate 3 of my cousins' 21st birthdays...Came here after club hopping from Studio 54...but I'll write a review on that later...One of my cousins was so eager to go to this place given it's popularity, (when in my head I was thinking...this place is way too crowded and overrated), but I gave in anyway since he was one of the birthday celebrants...Girls paid 20 for cover, and guys paid 30...We get inside, the first floor is crowded, but still able to get around without having to nudge people to move out of your way...we ordered our AMF's and up to the second floor we went...wadda you know...the place is effin' packed...literally no elbow room...we went around the entire place 3 times until we could find a place to dance...And even when we did find a place to dance...it still wasnt enough room to drop it like its hot, but rather than just rock side to side...lol...music was poppin' so I made the best out of that nightThank goodness my dress and shoes weren't ruined that night...I'm guessing peeps were smart enough to finish their drinks at the bar before hitting the dance floor lol...Overall experience was just good, wish it could have been greater...if it wasn't for the overcrowding...and ass grabbing...mehhh...
4	I've probably been here around ten times, but haven't reviewed this spot!  Okay, here's my two cents:The fact that it's been years and it's still popular does prove that it's still a happening spot.  When you have a good promoter and an even ratio, girls and guys get in for free, and girls have been getting free open bar for an hour (just go to the less popular bar areas to load up on drinks for the boys in your group, too!).The bathrooms upstairs are interesting though annoying at times...the main dance floor is super tiny which is a mistake on their part...but the beach upstairs (which isn't always open) is beautiful and more spacious.But the best part of all is that I did meet my boo here.  So despite the common notion that you can't find any quality men/women in the clubs...well, I guess we found love in a hopeless place (or am I just encouraging exceptions over rules?).
5	I came to this club last summer and had a blast. We met a promoter who got us in without making line and no cover charge. Free drinks for the girls. Which made it even better. The club is a bit small,nice decor, and the music was good. We danced all night and had lots of fun. Really recommended this place :)
4	Located in the Venetian Hotel, this nightclub is pretty cool to check out. Music is dance, some hip/ RnB, but def upbeat songs so you never have to stop dancing! Drinks are ridiculous though, but then again, finding good drinks for a decent price in Vegas isn't that easy. Still, if you're looking for a good time, I recommend checking this place out.
2	OVERCROWDED!!! Came here for xmass weekend, had no problem getting in.. Coat check is outside, 5$... stood in line got in... they checked our ID's 4 times... cute little place. There were too many people there it was so hard to even take a breath... the bathrooms were kinda awkward, when you walked in the lady could turn the light on and they would see inside!! HELLLOO IM NOT DONE YET!!!Little patio outside for people to smoke at, it was too small.. I dont smoke but I think i did my share of second hand smoke that night. The bar was too crowded, hard to get the bartenders attention, and the drink wasnt strong enough... Overall an ok place, could have been better!
4	My girls and I took a trip to Vegas last weekend and on our first night, hit up Tao (hearing that Thursday night was the best). After reading the reviews here I was worried about it being crowded to the point of being unsafe. As is usual in Vegas, we had no problems getting in, in fact I actually found the bouncers to be pretty nice. We headed straight for the back bar to order our free drinks, and enjoyed the music and ambiance. Unfortunately, we didn't get to see the lovely ladies in the tubs, but maybe next time! I kept thinking to myself, is this what they mean by PACKED? I mean, it was full but not any worse than any club back home. We were hanging out in our little area taking pictures, and when my girlfriend tossed a napkin and kicked it under someones table, along with her empty glass (lol), another bouncer came over and was joking with us, saying he was "watching us" and laughing. Super cool staff, I think people that complain about them are probably the rude ones themselves. We were invited over to the "VIP section" which was actually kind of a joke, we hung around for maybe 10 minutes and left. After checking out the bathrooms (and witnessing MANY drunk girls pee in full view of the bar, without knowing LOL), we joined another table that overlooked the dance floor. I did notice at this point that it was very full. But it was bumpin', the music was really good, and overall we had a REALLY good time and met some fun people. Maybe too good! Tao, we WILL be back!
2	For the two times I've been here, I can't argue with the experience. For a Thursday night, it's not too shabby. You can't really complain when you're a packed club with open bar for the ladies and complimentary drink tickets left and right, right? Funny anecdote: We almost accidentally got kicked out because they thought two of us were too drunk to be in the club when actually, they were looking for our other friend. We almost got escorted out some weird back-alley looking staircase leading who knows where.It's never a bad experience, but I haven't woken up the next morning and been like, "DAMN that was DAMN good night!It's always more like, "That was cool. Yeah, pretty fun. Free drinks though."
4	My second favorite club in Vegas.  I would've given it 5 stars but everytime I come here, it's just always been sooo crowded.  Too crowded that you could barely move.  Been stepped on and spilled a drink on too many times.  I think they just need a bigger dance floor.  Thumbs-up on the music.  Another club that I make sure to go to everytime I'm in the city.  But maybe next time, I'll go on a weeknight to avoid the stupid crazy crowd.
4	I really like the crowd, and the atmosphere. the only negative is it seems everyone is a little packed in on busy days but something about this place that really draws me here. The balcony is also very small. I have a lot of fond memories here.
4	We came here on two separate occasions. This time we had a great time. Mike Posner made a surprise performance and we really enjoyed it as we happened to be walking by and walked right up to the front row. They played great music all night and it was easy to grab a drink. There were a lot of rooms to walk around in and places to see. We did not have to wait at all. The doorman let us right in and did not make us pay the cover. The crowd was pretty good. They had a dancer floating in the area doing backflips and everything. The bathroom line went quickly and all & all we had a great time (we are very picky with clubs).
2	I had a fairly disappointing experience at Tao this past Friday night.I booked a table here for my bachelorette party.  Even though we paid extra for the guaranteed main room table placement, we still weren't in the desirable table area and were pretty much in the hallway, which was annoying after paying so much extra for what I thought was one of the good tables.The service at the table was great - we got brought in quickly, our security/ drink pourer guy was great, waitress was very friendly.  As a girl, I like to wear very high heels.  And at Tao that was no exception - I wore my 5 inch high stilettos and as usual enjoyed attempting to look like I could walk in them while drinking.  TWICE I was brought to the "drunk girl" area and told that I am too drunk, clearly cause I was stumbling in my shoes.  They made me take my shoes off, walk in a straight line, and talk to them for a bit to I was completely fine, which I was.It was extremely frustrating that after paying a shit ton for a table to be carted off and told I'm about to get kicked out for not being able to walk in my shoes, just to twice have them confirm I'm completely fine.  There were nicer, better, and faster ways to handle that situation.The dance floor was REALLY packed.  IMO I think it is too small as it was almost impossible to move around out there.  I would have preferred a little more room.Also as part of the bachelorette package, I was supposed to get a cake, and the cake never came.  I complained the next morning and they sent the cake to my hotel room which was nice but it didn't arrive till after we went out for the evening which was annoyingAnyways - I would never go back to Tao, but I'm sure it's not terrible for everyone.  Make sure to wear shoes you can walk in :)
5	Had an amazing time at Tao this past Saturday night. The service was great. We ate King Crab California Rolls, A-MAZE-ING!! We also ate Kung Pao Chicken & Maple Glazed Salmon with Udon Noodles. Money was very well spent! We got into the Nightclub free right after. Good sized club, lots of people! Overall, it was a great restaurant & nightclub. Will definietly go back again!
5	First club I ever went to in Vegas and I'm not sure if anything will top it! The four of us (3 girls and 1 guy) had all flown into Vegas on Saturday and decided that we wanted to hit up the clubs. Coming from Texas, Vermont, and California none of us had any idea what we were getting ourselves into but I cannot say how happy we were with the experience.We arrived at TAO around 10 and immediately were overwhelmed. We weren't sure where to go or what to do. Luckily, one of guys with guest relations noticed our confusion and helped us out. Justin took the time to explain everything and answer our questions. (I'd been to the Venetian once before but I was 19 so it was a completely different experience.). For a Vegas newbie this was a godsend!Once inside you walk through the bistro portion (the food looked and smelled fantastic) and then up the stairs to the club. The decor is very interesting and I'll admit to wandering around just to see it.  There was an open bar for an hour or so with very responsive bartenders.  I was more than happy to tip them with how fast I was getting my drink.The layout of the nightclub includes multiple bars, two DJs, and a small patio. Our group hopped back and forth between the different dance floors (yes, they did get crowded but who wants to dance on an empty floor).  Also, unlike some of the other reviews I read we had no problem finding guys to talk to.  After a lot of drinking, dancing, and making new friends we decided to head back to our hotel.  As we left they had some free flip flops which were exactly what our feet needed after 5+ hours in high heels.Overall, I would definitely come back again to TAO and recommend it to my friends when they head to Vegas. Hopefully the next time we come we'll be able to spring for bottle service
4	Had so much fun at this club...a little overcrowded but c'mon I know it was a Saturday night. We were staying at the hotel so we were able to bypass the line and my husband and I got in free! That's rare! Good music...my only problem was there was a woman bartender that was NOT understanding that my husband wanted a VODKA TONIC...hello that's a normal drink! She was a bit rude but that was our only problem...
5	I came to TAO to party on a Thursday night back in January, and I had the BEST time!  My friend got us on the ladies' guest list which included open bar.  There was a slight mix up, and the bouncers couldn't figure out what list we were on, but since we were a group of three girls, we were escorted right in anyway....sweeeet!We made our way to the main bar, and started on our free drinks.  We then headed to the dance floor, and as we were dancing, the bouncer asked us to dance on the platform.  I pounded my drink for some liquid courage and we let loose!  Later on, we were just chillin' by the bar, and one of the hosts came up to us and asked us to go into the VIP section.  They pretty much want the girls to loiter and drink the alcohol from guys who get bottle service so they'll buy more.  Hey...whatever works...I ain't gonna complain about free drinks!  We ended up meeting some cool guys that night, and partied with them again the next night.  Its damn good to be a girl in Vegas!!!
2	I am giving this 2 stars because of the nightclub.  I probably would have given 3 or maybe even 4 for dinner. Dinner: Obviously expensive.  We had reservations and still waited 20 minutes.  Maybe this is normal in Vegas but I thought it was crazy when they make you make the reservation, give your credit card number, and then call the day of to confirm. Hello, we are going to come.  My husband and I had the duck and really liked it.  They lure you in by saying you get a wristband for the club if you eat there, but don't tell you that you must purchase a $40-$50 entree to get that band. Service was mediocre.  In all, the food was satisfying. But go for the expensive food, not to get into the night club. Nightclub: awful.  If 500 people left, it may have been fun.  You couldn't move, and not in a good way.  It was uncomfortable and not enjoyable at all.  The bartenders were rude.  It took minimum 20 minutes to get a drink.  The drinks were minimum $14. We left after 30 minutes (maximum).  Veryyyy disappointing.
3	Again, I had high expectations. The design was beautiful. The balcony was breathtaking. The dancing, if any was horrible. There was no room. We were actually really upset because we wanted to enjoy it but it was literally shoulder to shoulder. That was not fun and the bartenders were not friendly. The place needs a bit moremanagement but I have to say that they are making their money because the place was super packed.
4	Although I hate coming hear because of how crowded it gets, this club is still poppin from the time it made its grand opening.  I only come hear to see DJ Vice and is one of the very few clubs that plays mainly hip-hop throughout the entire night and not all house music. PROS: good music! CONS:  small dancefloor, over-crowded!!!
3	A Wednesday night...I've had better, but the saving grace of the eve was having bottle service with a super helpful (and pretty damn stacked) server and lots of personal space to have a haven from the long long long lines and overly packed floor.There is literally no place to get a good dance in and when you do find space, people are sweating all over ya. It seems like it'd be a fire hazard.Overall, get a table and get bottle service. Your money is better spent on a bottle rather than buying all the over priced/weakly poured drinks.3 meh-meh-meh-meh stars out of 5
1	Don't come to this club if you're a guy and don't have a single girl with you on a busy night. A buddy and I were guests of the Venetian and received VIP passes from the concierge, who said it would be no problem for a couple guys to get in with the passes. We got in line at 9:45 and were meeting up with some girls who had already gotten wristbands in the line, but one of the bouncers decided to be a complete asshole and said there was "no way" we would get in unless we paid for bottle service since there weren't any girls with us. I'm sorry, but we aren't going to pay $5,000 for a table when we only planned to be there for a couple hours anyways. Why have a special line for hotel guests and give out VIP passes to hotel guests if you're just going to treat them like crap? Also, why would girls want to go to a club where they reject as many guys as possible? Luckily, a few minutes after I got kicked out of line, I got a front-row view of another guy who was trying to get in shove the asshole bouncer and cause a huge fight. Then another bouncer was trying to instigate a fight with 3 guys in their 40s after they weren't clearing the area fast enough. Karma's a bitch.
2	Packed packed packed packed packed. Gross guys tryna grab my girlies to drink with them, fools be tripping!The nekkid girls floating in gold bathtubs as you walk into the club are pretty hot, despite the fact that we were reprimanded for attempting to talk to them! Can't a girl just ask a fellow girl if she's getting pruney? Legitimate concern here!
2	It's a maze to get in or out of this place and just feels chaotic the entire time you are here, almost suffocating. VIP areas are SMALL. Decor is pretty cool, music is OK, really long lines. Not my favorite.
2	Two weeks ago I headed to TAO nightclub with a girlfriend and our boyfriends. Bringing the guys was our first mistake. We went because 50 Cent was hosting the evening. That was our second mistake.Even with guestlist, free passes and wrist bands, we still waited a solid TWO hours to enter the club. The bouncers told us, point blank, that if we hadn't brought our boyfriends, we'd be in the door right away. 'Nuff said.50 Cent arrived around 1 a.m. and, after a quick photo-op, I'm quite certain he went through the club, out the back door and left. He wasn't seen again for the rest of the night. By the time we got in, it was packed shoulder-to-shoulder, the bars were impossible to access and room to dance did not exist. Needless to say, I was only more than happy to get out of there. Without purchasing bottle service, you can forget sitting down anywhere.To be fair, I'm sure TAO would be great on any other night. The decor is stunning, the dancers are beautiful, the venue is spacious and the music was fantastic. However, next time we're in Vegas, there are a lot of other nightclubs I'd be more inclined to check-out before I give TAO another shot.
4	We reserved a table at the Beach Club on a Sat night and were not disappointed. Our hostess was Sheena and I met her in at a Huntington Beach bar (see pic-Sheena is hot). Her bf works @ Marquee so I have used him for hook ups. Sheena was a banging hostess as was the security guy who kept a close eye on our table when we went to the dance floor. I prefer outside to inside which gets super crowded, hot and steamy.Our table was right by the where everyone walked so we met plenty of friends. Problem was that the dudes next to us had no game and they were constantly trying to "sarge" on us. Thats OK, because we ended turning the tables on them and left the club w/ their chix - LOLThe only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the restrooms are super far. You have to leave some breadcrumbs to find your way back. However, if you are smart you can turn that negative into a positive and escort your new found friend and earn brownie points w/ her!
3	Other than bypassing the queue and got hooked up with a table and bottle service, it's not my scene. Security and staff very helpful.
5	nice spot with a lot space to drink and dance. Went on a Friday with some friends and had a good time. Would def go again.
3	Tao is one of the must-go places in Vegas though I feel like the place is too hyped up. Ended up spending most of the night on the top floor (Tao beach) because it got too hot and cramped downstairs. It was good that we got in for free from the guest list. Overall, I like the atmosphere and the design of the club - lots of Buddha statues, Chinese writings and bathtubs full of rose petals. My mai tai was good. I guess it would have been more fun to get a table reservation because then my heels wouldn't be killing me.I was just so glad that it's located within a walkable distance from The Palazzo, otherwise I would have died in my heels.
4	The decor is stunning and there's HOT asian girls everywhere. In bathtubs, go-go dancing etc.. The main dance floor is big, but is SOOO crowded there was no way I could squeeze my way in find a spot to dance. Outside is a balcony type of area, where people are just smoking and such but the view is awesome. I particularly like the smaller back room because the music was much better (not so fist-pumpy, but cool hip-hop-ish mixes) and the bar in the back was much easier/faster to get drinks. Cool experience if you've never been. P.S. getting in may take awhile.. but it's Vegas!
4	Tao is the way to go if you are staying at the Venetian.  I went on a girls trip to Vegas and was able to get into Tao for free and with VIP every night.  Right to the front of the line, and walked right into a bar with free drinks from 10-11.  A lot of places offer these types of deals for women, and it's a deal that can't be beat.  Tipping $2 a drink for a well mixed is an amazing deal.  The club is top notch and huge.  It does fill up fast and get kind of crazy on the weekends.  There are bouncers EVERYWHERE so it's nice to know that even though you're in a club, it's a pretty safe environment.  One night I took off my shoes because my feet hurt (I know this is a no-no) and the bouncers were on me like white on rice within 15 seconds!  The bathrooms are also pretty cool.  The glass on the door is clear, but then fogs up once you go in.  If you go on a Friday or Saturday you will get to see women hanging from the ceiling doing acrobatic types of stuff and they also will dump glow sticks onto the dance floor which is fun!  Probably the biggest negative was the DJ.  The music could have been waaay tighter.  I'd say one out of every 3 songs played were danceworthy.  For Vegas I would have expected way better beats.  Overall though it's a pretty cool club and worth going to at least one night if staying at the Venetian.  I would also recommend going in the summer if possible because the party goes up to the roof level where Tao beach is, and the cabanas are pretty sweet!
3	Go just once. If you're an unusually beautiful girl or a very wealth man, then you'll be treated well. Its an interesting set up with the nekkid ladies in the bathtubs, busty cocktail girls and all, but it can really get packed.People get pushy and jerky, and you can't be a nice guy. Gotta push back. I'm probably over this stuff, because you pay money to be treated like crap if you're just standing in line to pay cover and buy a few drinks and dance a little. For the same price, you're treated like royalty at the restaurants. Go for friends or if you have a sadistic date, but you're not getting much out of it otherwise.
3	As far as Vegas clubs go, this place is one of the better ones. If you HATE the Vegas club experience you're not going to find much different here, but at least it will be tolerable.Why do I say this? Well as a dude I am privileged to consistently experience horrendous treatments at clubs everywhere, Vegas clubs especially. The women really got us by the balls don't they fellas? We have to pay $30 to stand in a sweaty, crowded space and get pushed around by assholes with earpieces. Sounds like a fun night to me.But I will give this place some props because I could have gotten my ass kicked ten times over the night I went recently, but the bouncers were chill enough to spare me that experience. What did I do to warrant such a potential beating?- I'm pretty sure I stole some drinks from a girl who then complained to the bouncer. I think it was on accident ...- When I was asked to clear some space for a walkway on the balcony I refused to move and actually held a clenched fist up to the guy (I didn't realize he was a bouncer)- My lady and I somehow wandered into the "Employees Only" area and were walking around there for about 5 minutes.So thank you Tao for not having your meatheads beat me savagely. I hate clubbing, but if I have to club, I prefer Tao.
3	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I'm not dying to go to Tao. You should check it out if you've never been.  But if you've been here before, I'm sure you know there's nothing too special about it. Usually Tao is the better place to be on a Thursday night. For Friday & Saturday, there's better clubs.It's soooo dark inside! It's already hard to find people in a club in general, but the darkness doesn't help. Also, it gets SUPER PACKED in here! So packed that it's hard to move, better yet, dance.  On the plus side, I actually really like the music here. But that doesn't help when it's super duper packed. I like that there's multiple rooms & multiple bars.  Oh, I love it that ladies get FREE OPEN BAR from 10-11pm. That's ALWAYS a plus..especially in Vegas ;)The guestlist line can get ridiculously long, so early arrival is advised.
3	We got bottle service here the first night we got there.  We got a table in one of the side rooms instead of the front and that probably made the night less exciting since it was a Thursday and not as packed.  The downside was the service compared to other Vegas clubs with bottle service.  I don't know if it was because they were so large, but we never saw our bouncer again after the first 10 minutes and waitress was spotty on coming back to check up on things.  The busboy was back every 5 minutes to refill and take away trash so that was good.  Overall the club is really nice and the music is good and we still had a good time.  It definitely has the vibe of one of those club parties you used to watch on E! Entertainment
3	I would put 2 stars, but my friends and I have a good memory there. Hilarious, but shall not be told. The floors are just so damn sticky! And the dance floor is crazy packed with people. Drinks are freaking expensive and the service is horribly slow. One of the bartenders gave my friend his cc back, but not his ID. Who does that?! D: Overall, it was OK though.
4	This review is for the restaurant and the nightclub.Had dinner reservations for 3 at 9pm. Arrived early to the restaurant, notified the host and went to the bar. The host was kind of an asshole. He made sure we closed out of bar tab before we got to our dinner table. The drinks were blah, typical vegas prices. Now onto the food. My girl friends and I ordered small bites to eat (before we went to the club). The food arrived barely warm and it was just mediocre. I think would've gotten better quality and flavor from a restaurant in Chinatown. As we were waiting it out til 10pm (when the club opens), we ordered another dish, the pad thai. It was unflavorful and filled with mostly bean sprouts. We wrapped things up around 10pm, got our bill and our server forgot the pad thai (score!). He stamped our hands for our free entrance (and line skipping) to Tao that night. Trey Songz was hosting at Tao that night and my advice is if you want to avoid paying for the club and standing in a ridiculously long line, get dinner reservations here, so you'll surpass the line and get into the club without any troubles.Tao had a mixed crowd and the music was on point. It got a little crowded, but that happens everywhere. Waited and waited for Trey Songz to make his appearance, but nada. Oh wells, off to another club we went.......Tao is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. Will be coming back in the future!
4	In the interest of full disclosure, I came as a part of a conference and our drinks and food were both comp'd so I can't comment much on prices.  The food we had was really good... it was buffet style, so my expectations were low, but it was actually really flavorful and tasty.   I can only imagine that their regular menu would be even better.  They had a good selection on drinks, but as part of the group I was with, we were limited to beer, wine, and some sort of spiked punch looking cocktail... bummer.  Otherwise, the place was very clean.  I really loved the way it was decorated and laid out inside.  We can on a weeknight and it was pretty busy... I bet thie place is an absolute zoo on weekends.  They are pretty strict on dress code, so make sure you are in compliance before you even try going in.  Someday, I'll give it another shot when I'm not in Vegas for a conference to get a better feel for it... I enjoyed it enough that I think it would be great to go back to.
4	as far as night clubs, it's hard for me in vegas to find a nightclub that still played good hip hop.  most of the other clubs play the high energy, techno trance variety.  i love that music too, but i prefer hip hop..and this place has it :)it also wasn't that hard to get in even though busta rhymes was performing the night i went, but the again, it wasn't a busy holiday weekend.
1	I would have put 0 stars but I can not.This place incites such rage in me that I don't even... My phone, my debit card, and my room key was stolen in the dance floor here.. so just shows you what kind of people this place attracts.To be fair, I'll try to review this place outside of that event. minus 1 star: The dance floor is crowded and packed. People are pushing and touching. Say goodbye to personal space. You can't even call it a dance floor, it's more of a dense conglomeration of sweaty bodies, pushing and just standing. minus 1 star: I enjoy hip-hop BUT the music was horrible in here. It's not hip hop you can dance to at all. The hip hop in local clubs are definitely better.minus 1 star: The floor plan seemed like it was designed by a three year old with a crayola marker. A really good place to lose one of your drunk friends or to disappear. (that could be a positive I guess)minus 1 star: The bathrooms are SMALL. There were lines going out for one and the other one with less people had about three stalls. minus 1 star: The bar was so slow, not the bartenders' fault, the place was just way too crowded. I had an Adios. It tasted like cold rubbing alcohol, and it didn't even get me buzzed.
3	This review is for the club only.  We had bottle service (I wouldn't dare come here without it as it's too crowded).  We were in the first room not the large one with the stage.  The music was "A-OK"....the DJ kept replaying the same songs...or maybe we were just there too long.  The waitress and bar back that were "assigned" to our area were really cool, nice, and were constantly checking on us to make sure we had drinks, clean glasses, and mixers.  I'd come back here if someone else really wanted to but there are way better clubs in Vegas to not try another, newer one.
1	In its day, TAO used to be the hottest club in Las Vegas, but now it is nothing more than the rejected has-been that will do anything to relive its glory days.I came here once for my 21st birthday weekend a couple years ago, and it was horrendous. The line to get in was egregiously long (luckily we jumped into the VIP line and got in that way), and the crowd was disgusting: Asians of all shapes and sizes as far as the eyes can see.The music was mainstream, and ugly, fat chicks were dancing on top of the tables and chairs, drunkenly screaming and flailing their limbs around.Now, before you write me off as a judgmental bitch, just know that I do a fair amount of clubbing, and for LAS VEGAS, the nights at TAO are simply unacceptable. The only thing that I approve of is open bar until midnight, but even then, there aren't enough bottles of whiskey in that place to wash away the shame and despair of TAO.The decor inside is definitely a lot nicer than the other has-been nightclubs in Las Vegas, but decor is not what makes or breaks a club; it's the music and people.Nights in Vegas are supposed to be epic, and if you're looking for mediocre quality company, music, and vibes, TAO is your place. If not, spend your precious time and money at the more popular clubs (they're popular for a reason).
1	We ate here on a recent bachelorette trip to Vegas. The reason we picked Tao was because it was so hyped and all the celebs went there. It totally and completely sucked! First thing is that we made reservations for 9:15pm and had to wait 45 minutes after our reserved time to be seated!!! That was absolutely ridiculous, to be so hungry and have to wait like that. horrible. Finally we ordered an appezitzer of ahi tuna, which we did not even get until we were seated at the table. Our tuna appetizer ended up being the best thing I ate all night. It was very good. I got the pad thai as my entree which was $30 and nothing special. You can get better pad thai in Atlanta. The martinis which were $14 were not very good or very creative they just have fancy names and taste like alcohol mixed with fruit juice. We refused to get dessert. I tried some of my friend's orange chicken and the chicken was good but the bok choy that came on the side was the worst I have ever had, and I love bok choy. I tried some other food from my other friends and it was all so blah that I can't even remember what they got. Another thing is the music downstairs is so loud you hae to shout to your fried across the table to be heard. Next we went upstairs to the club I refused to buy a drink, and givethat place any more of my money. The dance floors were too crowded, and the girls in the bathtubs, and well as in the glass looked miserable and faking it. Needless to say we left the horrible place within 30 min, and went to Tryst in the Wynn which was awesome! On another note, Tao is the worst place in Vegas I went to and I will never go there again. Kim Kardashian is an idiot for promoting it, though I can see why she goes there because it's pretty much the only club in Vegas where all the black guys go to party.
3	Been here a couple of time, I guess it's an ok place to pass your time.
1	This place was a joke, we went there after making a reservation that they would not honor.  After 2 hours in the line, they approved us to get inside.  So was it worth the wait, no way.The place was packed so much that we couldn't even move once we got in.  Got pushed around, one drunk guy even picked a fight with me since we got pushed over him.  The bounders sided the other guy coz it looked like he had paid more money to get a table (can run upwards of 5k on weekends). All in all, an experience I just want to forget.  There are much better clubs in Vegas, avoid this at all costs.. or rather unless you cough up 5 grand.
2	Nightclub review:This is hands down the most overcrowded club on the strip, literally to the point of claustrophobia, and that's on a normal night with a resident DJ - try getting into Tao on a night when a headline DJ is spinning, you're going to be in some serious stranger danger.  The dance floor is too small, the bars are horribly placed, and there is absolutely no flow within the club, which results in most people just shuffling their feet while having someone's elbow jammed into the small of your back.  The sound system is alright, but is becoming dated and is out-shined by the other big clubs on the strip.  The simple fact is that Tao used to be one of the best clubs on the strip (if not the best), but it has fallen well behind the 8-ball in terms of the quality of experience and the level of talent that is coming through the doors.  They have begun grasping at straws, trying to regain some of their former glory, but it's clear that Tao Group have sacrificed their namesake club in order to bolster their sister property, Marquee.You're better off spending your money at Marquee, XS, or Surrender.
3	This place is dirtay and huge. We got our freak on with some Buddha statues like Asian Madonnas. We got in free thanks to a promoter... Shortly after, we ran into a Bay Area promoter and also met another promoter who got us into Jet.
4	Located in The Venetian! Beautiful design and two different dance floors. One that is more hip hop, pop, top 40's and the other is more of house music. When summer comes, Tao Beach will be open, and then there would be another level to go dancing! So three dance floors during that time! The view is spectacular! This is my second favorite nightclub! But you have to make sure that you find a promoter and get on the guest list! My promoter Chris hooked me up and my friends. I love that he took care of everything! He is definitely the best! =) Females have open bar around 10:30pm to 11:00pm now...I know they changed from 10:00pm to 11pm, but that is ok! The bartenders definitely hook it up for the ladies! Males usually have to pay $20 to $50 (can get more pricey if there are celebrities) depending if they like you or not (men and women)...I know politics....Hate it...But yes, people tend to be shallow, but you will definitely have fun at this nightclub! The nightclub definitely gets packed around 11pm so remember to go early!!! Trust me! The line can get ridiculously long! They tend to let female groups in after 10pm, so males...good luck! The bartenders are very sweet and nice as well as the servers! There isn't much sitting room except when you go to the front of the club, then there is like two benches. So ladies, if your feet hurt from your heels, this is the spot where you should be!Overall, I love TAO Nightclub and Surrender at Encore (most favorite nightclub!)!!!
2	You ever been smacked in the bag by accident while playing sports? How about a 100 times a night? They need to work on some crowd control strats in that place. Music was OK. Asian Go-go girls were hot. Drink prices were about avg for Vegas...when you could get one. Overall not a repeat venture in my book.
2	TAO has become another been there done that location.  It is visually amazing and audibly great but there are a few deal breakers that make my experience more negative than positive.  TAO was once a place that everyone wanted to see and be seen at, now not so much.The biggest issue with TAO is the crowd.  Its too crowded.  If I go to a dance club its too dance and drink.  When the dance floor is so crowded that when you blink your eyelashes pushes someone "Houston we have a problem".  And it is like this every time I go.  Which is why I no longer go.  How can someone enjoy themselves in this type of environment?Also, when you go to the bar order 5 drinks at a time because you will never get another chance.  I want to drink and dance and those are the two things you cant do in TAO.  Even making your way to the bathroom is difficult and time consuming.  SO don't wait until the last minute otherwise you might pee your pants.  Speaking of the bathrooms, lock the door otherwise the glass wont frost.  Learned the hard way.The only way I will come back here is if I'm going to TAO Beach.  Now TAO Beach deserves a healthy 3 1/2 stars.  Under normal circumstances id say 4 but TB is related to TAO and the family name has been tarnished.Enjoy, as much as possible.  I prefer not to spend my evening tapping people on the back because they pretend they don't know you are trying to pass them.
1	it is ridiculously over priced! and not worth it. When they say some big celeb is coming, they bump up the price and then the person performs for 2 songs. I've now been here for "black eyed peas" (only one of them) and Drake. There are many clubs in Vegas and honestly tao is not worth it.
3	Crazy busy, crazy packed and a happening place, but I wouldn't go again without a table and VIP access as the line up outside was insane!
3	I like the look and feel of Tao. Big space for dancing, go go dancers, random women in bathtubs, and good music. When the weather is warm they also have a rooftop area open which also has a dance floor and bars.
4	This is my review of my 3rd visit to Tao, but this is the first time I've ever had a table here.Came here on Cinco de Mayo for a bachelorette party. A group of us 9 girls booked a table for the night to have a place to sit & chill while we party it up. At first, I was a little sad when I saw that our table was actually at Tao Beach and not inside the club itself, but that turned out to be a good thing because it felt so nice out there! There weren't any sweaty people up in your bubble. Lots of space for you to mingle and dance. Since we had a table, we also had our own private "butler" (ThomAs was his name, and damn he was foiiiine!). Our table also came with a bottle of Goose w/cranberry and pineapple juice.For the first time, I actually didn't make my way to the main dance floor that night.. but that was okay 'cause there wasn't a celebrity guest there and the DJ at Tao Beach was playing all the good hip hop cuts (which I was hoping for).Overall, GREAT experience at Tao! The extra $$ I coughed up was well worth it.
4	LOVE THE MUSIC!!  I hadn't been here since about 5 years ago and things haven't changed one bit.  We got in with a $10 fee per person (I think if we tried to find a promoter to get us in for free we could have, but it's okay).  I had a great time here.  We went on a Thursday night and there was mainly hip hop playing the whole night - from old school to Bay Area gangster rap.  LOVE!They had no problems letting girls into VIP areas and letting them get up on the tall benches to dance (which we did).  The different floors were great for dancing, drinking, and people watching.Even though this club is not the newest, hippest place to go in Vegas these days, I still had a lot of fun and would go here again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	It's not marquee, but it's awesome for a less expensive spot.still lots of talent walking around, and big enough that you're not on top of people.  Where marquee is wall to wall people and no space, which is amazing in its own right, tao you actually get some space.
1	Was told that we would get bottle service for $1350 with tax and tip included. We get the receipt and the total was $1875. The room for bottle service was fun but the hallways, bars and dance floors were way too crowded. Plus they were just playing pop music from the radio that everyone is tired of hearing.
4	Well, when I was there they gave out free flip flops to the ladies in heels on their way out.  So, can you say, AWESOME!!?The look of pure joy on some of these ladies' faces just really warmed the soul.[Besides that it was a very well decorated club.  They really leaned into their theme and got something really great out of it.  The fresh rose petals in the water basins on the way out were a nice touch, especially when the last basin turned out to be a tub with a beautiful girl in it!]
4	Great music - spins hiphop/top 40, which is quite a break from the house everywhere else in Vegas. Loved the 2nd floor back bar spinning old school hiphop - DJ was fantastic. Club is stunning and large, though there isn't an outdoors area like XS or Surrender. Friend worked with promoter Thisoo to get our group of 5 girls/3 guys in for free, open bar until 11pm. Bouncers are professional.
4	Just came back from Memorial day weekend in Vegas and was at TAO last night. I've been to most of the other clubs in Vegas (Marquee, XS, Surrender..etc.) but surprisingly have never been to TAO. I had a great experience and will be coming here more often! DJ Vice was spinnin', never heard of him before but def LOVE him now! Had a little DJ crush on him because he was doing his thang and doing it well. He played mostly top 40/hip hop with a little mix of house. It was just the right amount.  I'm more of a top 40/hip hop person because I'd rather be body rollin' and booty poppin' to the rhythm of good jams than fist pumping all night so was glad to be here. At the end of the day, I think it's just what type of music you like to get down to. Oh yea, and Too Short showed up randomly....Got on the guestlist with Mike C. so free entry and we only had to wait about 15 mins. The decor was nice, crowd was diverse, which is what I'd generally prefer, and the place was pretty spacious. They had really cool bathrooms, with frosted windows and the workers at the bathrooms were very nice. Helped me out in my emergency moment. Granted there were usually long lines but thankfully they had more bathrooms nearer to the entrance in the separate old school hip hop room (this was a more spacious room with pretty good music too!). Dehydrated from drinking all day, it was great that the bartenders gave out free water and didn't charge a ridic amount like some other clubs do. Downside: It was super crowded and I generally like to dance with not so many people up in my grill. It was probably worse since it was memorial day weekend but  from the other reviews, seems like it's always like this. To make matters worse, towards the end of the night, it was more blah. Vice was gone and the dance floor became a sausage fest with creepers trying to desperately find a last minute hook-up before the night ends. There were many thirsty guys; I know you're trying to get it in and all but damn, calm down and learn how to dance. Sidenote, forceful thrusting is NOT dancing. Next time, def coming and gettin' my drank on!
3	Good drinks, the place is always too busy. The decor is excellent and always fun. This place defined an era for Vegas and still does so.
3	I finally went to TAO for the first time this Memorial Day weekend and loved it. Shout out to Mike C. for hooking my girls and I up for the VIP line pass. We got there around 10:30 and the lines were already crazy. Lucky for us, we only had to wait about 10-15 minutes in the ladies' walk-in line. When you reach the entrance, there's a bunch of small tubs filled with rose petals and candles lit making the ambiance very sensual. I also liked the fact that their stairs getting to the club is not ghetto like Marquee. Once you hit the club area, the entire place is spacious. Although, the downside is that even though it is a big club, it was OVERCROWDED. This was my first time experiencing a really tight squeeze at the main dance floor. I don't know if it was because of the holiday weekend or if it's just that crazy at TAO. I loved the fact that the DJ spun top40/hip-hop music and not so much house. DJ Vice headlined on Saturday night, and he was too great. Too $hort was randomly there too chillin' at the table next to the dance floor. TAO also has a smaller dance floor with a DJ playing old hip-hop, which was also pretty sweet. This club was a lot better than I expected. I'm definitely coming back for the music (hip-hop & top40 are my jams)!
2	I loved eating here, but as far as the nightclub goes, it's not my favorite.First off - it's like a maze. The place is HUGE and gets way too packed. If you come with a big group, you're going to lose everyone. We always start off in the middle, get frustrated because there's no room to dance, go to the rooftop and dance a bit only to find that it's slowly getting packed. It's overwhelming.
2	Where do I start, beautiful set up, pretty good food if you come during the day or dinner but as far as the nighclub it is not my top choice.  It is extremely difficult to get in, my group was walking out at 3am and there was still a few folks coming in.  the lines are huge, if you are going try to find some list, vip passes, or something to get you off the regular admission. The club was overcrowded memorial day weekend, extrememly difficult to walk around, and even get in and out of dance floor.  Once on the dance floor it was shoulder to shoulder so you are rubbing against everyone next to you.  general admission for guys is 70, and 30 for ladies.The crowd is young and mostly attractive so I know why folks go to this lenght to get in, I dont think I will be returning.
1	Ghetto club, lines were too long, radio music, all-dude club, club looks ghetto, everything about it looks terrible. Save yourself $50 and go anywhere else in vegas(bf posted this ... but i must agree that TAO is not a club worth going to in vegas. The crowd is just not there and the guys are a bit on the creepy side.. TAO BEACH is also the same so dont waste your time there pay a little more to go to MARQUE or XS )
2	**Tao Club**///PROS///- Great space--ambiance (lounge/dinner floor)--although we did not eat here. Could not get reservations until 11:30--so went to Sushi Samba instead. It reminded me of Tao NY so assume the food would be just as good. - I was free (husband $20)--cheaper than SF ($20 each at most clubs w/out headliner)- Liked the red light district girls touch--reminded me of Webster Hall (NY, circa 1990)- Liked the dancers--but no where near as out there/theatrical as say Webster Hall (NY, circa 1990)--or even Ruby Skye (SF now)- OK music 2nd floor, main space (electronic mixed with Top--that is until Hip Hop took over)- We pushed our way through all spaces and ended up to the right of the DJ booth leaning up against a railing above the dance floor. At least we could "watch" but as I was there to dance (that was my primary objective for our weekend away) a bit miffed it was impossible. - Below our spot were some Dom Perignon swilling rappers with betties dancin' about. No idea who they were (others seemed to) but swilling directly out of a bottle, texting and making out were all funny to watch. They had 4 open bottles at all times available for 5 people--and a corner booth with plenty of space. Too bad we're not them.- Snow and money cam flying out of the ceiling--cool touches. Funny that most people didn't notice they were bills--which is probably whyTao sent guys out to pick up the rogues. Cool Vegas touch in any event.///CONS///- On VIP list--showed up a little after midnight and the door guys said they closed it at midnight --thus waited in "a" line (there were several, uncertain what was what)- Completely convinced that if I were with a group of girls--I would have gone in. But with my husband--um, a male, we had to wait.- NO--none--zilch  space to friggin' move let alone dance at 12:30ish on the 2nd floor. The actual dance floor in the main room on the 2nd floor is amazingly SMALL. It is not comparable to say Ruby Skype or 1015 in SF. Both of which I frequented for years with crowds, huge headliners and space to dance. At times I had VIP tables--but they didn't take up the whole damn joint like Tao Club Vegas.- Unless you pay 1K (no where near the dance floor) or 2K (near the dance floor) you are NOT VIP--and cannot move, get a drink or dance. For 4+ people not all that bad--but for 2? -  It took us a good 20 to get the first cocktail--standing at the bar.  The three female bartenders would NOT even look at us. As I have been a bartender at a large club early nineties--service really gets to me. And there was no need for them to be quite to bitchy. Acknowledgement goes a long way. Normally an amazing tipper. Not so tonight.- 3rd floor electronica not open--even though we'd asked concierge and door guys if Tao was spinning electronica/house Sat night prior to wasting time/money. If it was "so" busy why wasn't floor 3 open?- Hip-hop in the smaller dance room on floor 2--but then took over the main dance floor as well (UGH! So left earlier than expected)///IF YOU GO...///- Make sure there is a headliner of music YOU like--then pay for a VIP table near the dance floor. This will enable you to at least get cocktails, dance in place, on tables, dividers and sofas. Otherwise you are screwed.- But if you have frequented--or still frequent large clubs in major cities--level set your expectations.///WOULD WE GO TO TAO CLUB AGAIN?///- Not unless we had a table near the dance floor with electronica/house as the main event.***SEE OUR OTHER REVIEWS***+ The Palazzo+ Lavo+ Lavo the Club+ Azure Pool+ Tao Club+ Sushi Samba
4	TAO nightclub is a place where ladies in their late 20's come to meet hot guys (like me) and drink for free when they're in Vegas. Guys in a party with 1:1 ratio of girls can get in free if they're on guest list.  Having said that, this is probably the best club for a guy to get into free (with the right crowd).  Many people that review this club are creepers or girls that don't understand what "dress code" is.  Las Vegas is notorious for getting people to go clubbing...that really need to stay in or drink at their (trashy strip club) of choice. As the hottest (and charming and sexiest) guy in the club last Saturday, I must complain about a couple of things - 1) When hot girls dance on a girls-only pedestal of the main stage.  I can't even talk to you if you're not on the main floor, so get down and let's rage.  The whole reason you came was to meet me anyway, duh.2) Married females in bachelorette parties...if you aren't single, why are you in a club of all places???  It messes up my flow.3) Girls who rag on security because they tell them to put their shoes back on.  Let's be honest, you don't want to see me with my shoes off (even though my feet are sexy).Overall, it's a great experience - especially if you're beautiful like me.
4	I'm not a clubber and this was my second club experience since turning 21. The guys at clubs creep me out... so I never been back till now.My old manager knew a promoter here who got me and my 3 girlfriends on his list. It was one of girlfriend's 21st birthday that weekend, so this was my little treat for her. :) There was a line outside but we got through everything quickly, within 10 minutes probably bypassing many of other clubbers who were there before us. We got wristbands for open bar from 10-11 PM. We weren't charged cover either. Music was good and the scene was actually laidback. Thankfully no creepers this time! The dance floor is EXTREMELY packed. You can't move without touching someone.
5	Hmmm....not really a night club guy as much as I am a bar or restaurant guy.  But this place was amazing.  We stayed at the Venetian and went on a Saturday night in June.  The place was filled with the hottest girls in Las Vegas. And by hottest, I must clarify that I have a thing for Asian women.The music was poppin', the drinks (though expensive) were free-flowing, and the dance floor was packed wall-to-wall the whole night.  We got there around 10pm so we were early, but we stayed all night and had a great time.I'm half-dating someone so I didn't hook up with anyone.  However (and I'm not a super model) hooking up would have been the easiest thing in the world.  I was eye-f*cked by more girls that I ever have been.  Tao is filled with horny Asian women, period. Go there. It's amazing.
2	We stayed at the Venetian last weekend and were gonna go to tao.. but.  We get to the line and the douche bouncer tells us to get rid of our drinks.  We start to chug and he says "no you gotta throw them away!" so we do.  We start moving forward in line and now he wants us to get rid of our sunglasses...( i know it's night time... but it's vegas!) anywho, we take them off and he says "no you gotta get rid of them!" by this point I said screw this place, it's overrated and packed as hell.  We start walking away and the same douche kicks a girl out of the line because she was wearing flats (according to my GF it's shoes w/o heels).  I'm sure that if it had been a hot chick he wouldn't have said crap, but since this chick was a little heavy he decides to put her in the spot.  Then we see the "hotel guests line".  We go over to ask something and we get another douchebag just saying "you guys gotta get out of here!"  I said we're staying here, he says "we're not owned by the hotel, we can do what we want!" screw this place!  on top of that it takes like 30 min to get a drink in there.
4	I don't know why such a mediocre rating for Tao. It's actually one of my fave nightclubs at Vegas, even with all the new clubs lately. First, I usually stay at the Venetian so this is a perfect elevator ride downstairs, no taxi no walk. Their guestlist is super easy to get on and the cut-off time is 12am so there's no rush to make it in. There's two dance floors: hip hop and house, and I'm always at the house side. It gets packed like sardines up at Tao and by 1am there's no room to breathe. The trick is to go up! Start climbing on tables, and rails, and high platforms - there you can have room to move. The bouncers are really chill too as long as you're not a hot mess. Best time here when Fedde Le Grand spun for EDC weekend! He was amazing
2	Probably the most overrated club in the history of Las Vegas nightlife. (Although let's keep in mind that I'm not reviewing their daytime activities.  I hear that's a lot better than their nightlife, so this review in no way analyzes that experience.)For one, it's a nice club.  For some reason I felt like I was in one of those clubs where the bad guys from Rush Hour 2 chill after a long day of murder.  They also got girls in what looks like fish tanks (not cages) dancing.  I found it more funny rather than enticing.There are two main dance floors, a big one for house, and a more intimate setting for hip hop.  And for the first few hours, they sucked.However the hell their DJs are need to no longer be hired.  The hip hop room plays bottom 40 non-hits from decades ago... in other words, undanceable... and the house room was inconsistent with "drops."Luckily, with some patience, things got better.  Both rooms started to get hella crackin, and I guess it gave the DJs hard-ons or something because they suddenly clicked.Why 2 stars?  It was almost too crackin.  So crackin that you'd see trains of guys headed to the dance floor followed by one girl... an old girl at that.Since Tao is popular to EVERYBODY, it means old people are there too.  And guys.  Lots of guys who think they got game.  *shakes head*To make matters worse, WELL cocktails are $15-25 each.  Horrible.  I'm just not going to make a big deal about that because their bartenders are hella chill people.  I actually bought the blonde chick at the hip hop room a drink for being somebody cool to talk to.  (But yeah, if you're striking a conversation you can actually hear in a HIP HOP room... that means it wasn't crackin in there.)Again.  Probably the most overrated club in the history of Las Vegas nightlife.  Oh yeah, there's hella stairs.  So ladies, if you're wasted (and guys won't be wasted here because drinks are too expensive and most of yall get it free), take off your heels when you leave the club.  The stairs are carpeted so you don't have to worry about catching chlamydia.
2	A SINCERE, PG Abridged Version of my review: It's pretty fun.
4	Bathtubs of petals and other things that move!What I love about being a girl in Vegas is one thing: FREE. I was in a group of nine girls and we were quickly escorted into the club.Tao is a nostalgic place for me, because it was the first Vegas club I went to when I was 21. I haven't went to a club and expected to stay up all night for a long time now. So I was very worried that I'd pass out on my friends. Fortunately the open bar we had helped me out a bit. You heard me, open bar! It was like this on a Saturday night from 10-11pm. Music was good: mix of hip hop, pop and some techno. Overall I had an awesome time bc of everything written above, my group of friends, and meeting a fun/cute guy!!
2	Vegas, your facade of exclusivity evades me. I'm not waiting in line dressed in 4"+ heels to dance to crap music while sweat drips down the walls.
4	We were with CI investments, at their annual convention. It was Thursday night, and it was time to party!Dressed up and ready for action, we took a short cab ride from The Wynn to The Venetian Hotel. There was a crowd already there, but our group was able to skip the line and in we went at no charge.It's pretty dark inside, and we first noticed a bunch of Buddas when we first arrived. Next we saw 2 glass window boxes with lingerie clad models writhing around inside.On the floor, there were bathtubs filled with rose petals and more models wearing nude body stockings "bathing" in the tubs. The club was already packed and DJ seven spun the typical club music ( yawn )We were taken up above the masses into private sky boxes. Our group had 3 of them reserved for us. We were treated to European Bottle Service. This consisted of large bottles of Grey Goose and our own personal waitress who sat with us, mixing our drinks at the table. There were decanters filled with various juices, as well as 7-up,red bull, bottled water and a large bowl of ice.Throughout the night, I counted at least 9 bottles between the 3 tables. I can only drink that sort of stuff for a limited time before I get some major heartburn.I wanted some Kahlua & Milk to go with my Grey Goose, but I didn't bother to ask.Our waitress had a bitchy look all night. The best was when one of the guys drunkenly tried to get her to dance hehe. She politely declined, too bad maybe dancing would of removed the stick from her ass.The bathrooms were super cool. They were individual stalls with sinks and mirror right in with the toilet. The doors are clear, but when locked they frost over.The music was very loud. The dance floor packed. We did not even try to go down amongst the masses. People danced by our table. Above the Dance floor a girl swung from a trapeze, and metallic confetti came down Another cool feature was the back of the booths had a flip top chest where you can stash your purse. Genius !I hung out here til 4 am, at that point the novelty had wore off, the smoke was bothering me, the DJ was starting to recycle "Sexy and I know it" and I was over dull conversation and watching people drunkenly attempt to dance, grope and hook up.Tao was fun because of the VIP treatment on someone Else's dime. I can only imagine what the bill was like when it came.....but near the end of the night I was bored and ready to leave. My gf was still having fun so I left her with some co workers and conventioneers and off I went.I took a spin around the lounge on my way out, then had a very nice stroll home taking photos and stopping to buy Bailey's Irish cream at 415 amWhere else but Vegas!!
1	I can't believe I went to Tao on my 2nd trip! My friend has never been and she wanted to check it out soooo bad. We met Chris the manager at Tao Beach earlier that day. Shoutout to Chris for letting us skip the line! Of course this place was ridiculously packed just like last time. They still played the same horrible music as last time. I couldn't stand it so I had to order a drink. I waited and waited. Some girl came up next to me and waited for maybe one minute and the bartender was about to take care of her. Ohhh hell no! I said excuse me! I've been waiting for 15 minutes I want to order some drinks. She finally made my weak ass drinks. I alwayssss tip, but this time I didn't. She did not deserve it. We only stayed for 35 min and left. We had more fun drinking and walking the strip.
5	So here's how the Vegas story goes...We were at Tryst, and were promised entry to XS. Come time to enter XS we are denied. We call over someone at TAO, asking if we can get in for free as promised. Yes is the answer, if we can get there by 2 am. Pleas note: it was 1:50am. We sprinted through the (Wynn or is it Encore?), barefoot and all, hopped in a cab, got to the Venetian, ran through it frantically to get to TAO and guess what? We made it just in time! Phew!! We got there, the place is POPPIN'. That night, one of the guys from Black Eyed Peas is DJ-ing. We get free champagne later in the night. The music is great. The place looks awesome. I had no complaints and would love to come back. I think we stayed there til about 5 am? Who knows how long - it is Vegas after all! Our feet failed us, but not Vegas!!
4	Darn it I forgot to check in while I was there! If you know anyone in the "business," I would try to get on the guest list, the line up is a lot shorter and a lot more organized. Being in a group of 4 girls, we got in without a hitch and it was onward to party and see Dash Berlin! I've been to Tao many times and I always enjoy the outdoor rooftop. The layout is nice and open with many reserved table/seating set up. There's a nice cushioned back area if you need to find a place to sit, hang or even lay down! Always a great atmosphere whenever I come here, the age range is just right and it never get rowdy!The main stage downstairs gets way too packed for my taste. We tried to see ATB and found ourselves crammed, body to body trying to get in. We turned around and went back upstairs to wait for things to die down. The second excursion to see Dash Berlin (that same night) seemed a lot easier for some reason. We managed to squeeze onto the side and had great visibility of the stage. All in all, always a great time here!
4	I know Tao isn't the hottest club in Vegas anymore but I've had some of the best times here. Danny the promoter always hooks it up they usually have open bar for ladies 10-12 and the dance floor never feels overly crowded they have 2 floors hip hop down stairs.If you want to have a great time in Vegas and not have to worry about huge crowds and packed dance floors go to Tao
3	This is a tough review for me.  I went here when it was the hottest club 4 years ago and just came back from there this past Saturday night.  How things have changed.  Well two things have not changed, getting into this place, the security is so disorganized you don't know where you need to go for table or general.  Each person is telling you something else.  The service at tables, isn't the best.   They come around when once in a while, so I don't even bother looking for them.  The security is good at the beginning, and is gone for the rest of the night.  I like to tip at the end, if they do a good job, I have no problem taking care of them, but our guy was looking for the handout right away.  This last visit, our table was on the dance floor in the hip hop room.  The DJ was decent, I would say equivalent to a hot SF DJ, but not good by Vegas standards.  No flow to the music.  Still very crowded and hard to get around, but not my scene.  Four years ago, I would've given it 5 stars, but now, harder to put up with the so so service and security.  So, the place is just ok.   FYI for the ladies, they have open bar from 11 to 12 for you ladies, so you can see they are having a harder time attracting girls.
3	To make it clear, Tao wins 3 rating for sheer decor!  Else minus 2 stars for being the most OVERCROWDED nightclub in the Strip, and i bet will leave a scar in your mind. It was a nightmare on my both visits and now forced to say I HATE IT! Complete waste of precious time in Vegas when there are so many other nice clubs like XS and Tryst. The reason to hate this club is due to the overly packed dance floor, irrespective of long weekend or any regular weekend.  The first time wanting to check out this so hyped club in Vegas is forgivable. The decor is definitely worth giving a look. The huge Buddha statues, lighted candles and beautiful girls inside rose petal bathtubs, gives this place a great sensual feel.  No wonder Tao being my first Vegas club i was completely dazzled. The lounge downstairs is more relaxed, with great hip-hop music playing and the bar too is never too crowded. After a few drinks at the downstairs lounge we moved up the stairs to the actual dance floor and from here on things turn into nightmare. On both the visits the dance floor was so packed with people that there was no place to keep our foot. We tried pushing in through the crowd to get to the dance floor a few times, and very attempt was a failure. Got pushed in with the wave of people and thrown out with the crowd trying to get out. In the process got stamped,elbowed and trashed!!! HELL - this is more of a battlefield than dance floor!! The revisit to Tao for my friend's bachelorette the second time was sheer stupidity. Wanting to have a good time with my girl friends turned into a frustrating ordeal and had to come out of the club within an hour due to overcrowded dance floor. Lesson learnt - END of Tao in Vegas for me for sure! Note for the rest:1. Cover is $20 for girls and $30 for guys. 2. If you are in the guest list get in before the guest-list closes at 12!! Else stand on the line and pay cover.3. Visit Tao to experience the beautiful sensual Asian interior. Go early by 9pm when its not crowded and enjoy the FREE open bar for the ladies for an hour, think around 10-11pm. The lounge downstairs is more relaxed, best place to sit, grab a drink and enjoy the music.5. Upstairs dance floor is the actual HELL pit after 11, so overcrowded that dancing is all about getting trashed!  If you want some leg shaking, go early and grab a spot on the dance floor for your group by no later than 11.6. If you are in Vegas only for the weekend best advice would be to go to XS,Surrender or Tryst instead where you can breathe, dance and have fun.This is NOT the club for the ones who go clubbing for fun and dancing. Save your bucks for any other dance club babyyy!!
2	I'd heard Tao was decent from a friend but was hesitant after reading a few negative reviews. Unfortunately, my own personal experience at Tao didn't change my mind about what I had read. Though we were on the guest list (which you pretty much have to be on just to get into anything in Vegas) the line was long and confusing. The roped line next to us was opened up to female-only groups, which we were, so we switched. However, we were then asked whose list we were on. The gentleman could tell we were confused and was nice enough to give us a name of a promoter so we could get in the expedited line. We were allowed in after only a few minutes and with no cover charge and given an open bar wristband for the next hour. This was definitely the biggest plus of my experience. That aside however, the drinks were terrible! Not only were they weak (to be expected when they are free) but poorly mixed. My long island tasted like sour pucker with a little bit of soda. After leaving the tiny bar/dance floor area, we made our way up to the pool. For whatever reason, it was closed in the middle of July! In addition, the largest area to dance and sit in was closed off to VIP. Though we were able to sneak our way in, there was still nowhere to dance let alone move.I know Vegas hot spots are crowed, but I see no reason to stand in a long line, pay a cover, buy over-priced and poorly mixed drinks, and proceed to stand around awkwardly because there's no comfortable place to dance or socialize. The fact that I practically paid nothing and was still disappointed speaks volumes...
3	I visited Tao during my first trip to Vegas. Of the clubs during that visit, it was definitely the most fun. However, a few new clubs have opened since then, including Marquee at the Cosmo that beat it in a few key categories.Getting in was a huge pain. The line was ridiculously long and moved ever so slowly. We must have been on line for about an hour or so, and this was on a weeknight! The day we went, girls were supposed to have open bar until a predetermined time (can't remember if this was all girls or if we just got that through a promoter). Anyway, I was surprised to see that they actually did honor this as advertised. Of course, as expected, the bar was absolutely mobbed, so the lady friend I was with was only able to get 1 drink before the deadline.The inside rooms were packed with people. Good music, but hard to maneuver around the dance floor. Very nice decor throughout. My favorite part of the club was the outside section. Not nearly as crowded, and a nice nighttime view of the Strip.I like Tao more than a few other places I've been to in Vegas (most notably LAX and Lavo), but it's far from being the best place in Vegas.
4	This place is ssssiiiick wit itThe atmosphere is super chill, laidback, music is very modern and up to date, I like the Buddist vibe in the club, Plus it has I believe 4 stories to toy with.  This club becomes even more happenin when TAO beach is open, so bring your trunks and/or bikinis and get ready to have a blast.  The bathtub dancers are a cool touch too, and last time I was there, I ran into Kenan from SNL.  LOL Only in Vegas
3	There were 7 women in my party, and we ate dinner at Tao first on a Thursday night. We had an awesome dinner, and we were told that after our server would escort us to the club. But instead, we had to climb back downstairs and then wait in line, to come back UP the stairs to get into the club. Why wouldn't they just stamp us at the table and then let us in??The club itself was insanely crowded! There were people everywhere. Girls dancing on pillars, and lots of guys. They, at one point, had people swinging from the ceiling and had foam and confetti dropping. Very extravagant, but no where to breathe. The pool area was closed at night, so we couldn't go upstairs.Near the end of the night we discovered that there was another area the other direction where there was ANOTHER dj, she just wasn't as good.
4	Everytime I go to Vegas I make sure I go to Tao, love the music and drinks. Too crowded tho but still love it : )
3	We always have fun when we come here. At least 1x on our trip we end up at Tao. It's location is very convenient!
2	This place sucks. I went a few years ago, so if I go back, I'll provde an update. One of my friends made a big deal about it so we gave in and went. Big disappointment. The ambiance is great and refelective of the Asian vibe, but as a club, it sucked. It was more to me a place where you go to be seen, you know, a place that you brag about being at to all your friends. I wasn't impressesd. I don't care how many celebrities party here, the club was still wack.
2	2 stars for the atmosphere. That's all they get. I love the rose pedal bathtubs at the entrance, and the pink boxes that the go go girls sat in to look pretty. Even though I am a female myself, I could not stop staring at those girls inside. It reminded me of those windows in Amsterdam's Red Light District. My group and I hit up Lavo first, and then to TAO after the promoter gave us wristbands for free entry to both places. We were probably in TAO for a total of 15 minutes. There were so many people inside, it was so difficult to get through in the main room that everyone just lined the walls and went around. Halfway through, I gave up because I wasn't getting anywhere. My friend said that they weren't allowing anyone else to enter the dance floor, wherever that was. Then we all left. Maybe it was because our heels were killing us, or maybe it was because we did not enjoy the vibe at TAO, maybe it was both. But for now, I am not going back to TAO.
3	so it is super packed. there are girls everywhere though. the music is awesome. the security and bartenders are too serious. i got in with jordans. getting kicked out always equals a great night.
5	Look, check this out. The only kind of fist-pumping I want to do is in your face, pounding you for that mess that's called house music. I'm so grateful that Tao, while it some say has lost its top spot, still plays the BEST hip-hop music a social butterfly could ever ask for. Go on a Saturday night where DJ Vice (from L.A.'s Power 106) knows how to keep the party going with the old school throwbacks and the latest body rockin' beats. Table service prices are pretty reasonable - we scored 2 bottles and the center table for only $900 for a bachelorette party of 9 back in May 2012. It gets crowded, so come prepared to grease the lady w/ the clipboard to get in or he body guard to walk you to bathroom. You know the drill.
4	Where else can you spoil girls with dinner and drinks? As they ascend to the dance floor from fortune cookie cake surprise to star studded celebs with it all. TAO Nightclub is definatley the seductive birthday girls present. There is one more gift for bachelolrettes besides champagne tables and amazing music from international DJ sets. Maybe the rest should be a secret at Venetian Hotel Las Vegas but someday go back.
5	SO ON MY 21ST BDAY!! THIS WAS the night club i ended up in (i think)!!! this club was pretty dam sick.. i love the vibe and the people there. They werent as strict as i thought they would be but it was cool. most of the music was house which i didnt mind. Being VIP is the best!! you have your own space .AND even  if you do not have a table reservation you can usually expect one at about  45 minute. The msuic was house which was fine....FREE DRINKS FOR GIRLS (SO NO ONEY SPENT). ITS REALLY INTERESTING BECAUSE THERE IS GIRLS IN BATHTUBS...:D
3	We went to Tao on Friday July 20, 2012.  It was crowded but not to the point where you wanted to  turn around and walk out (see Tryst review).  There are two dance floors, one playing House and the other playing older hip hop RB stuff.  The music was just okay.  My gf and I like hip hop and top 40 to dance to.  But the crowd all looked like 21-23 and there was not a good mix of ethnicities. There is a really long line to get in but we were staying at the hotel so we got the short line. No cute guys the day we went.
2	Not as pretty as I imagined it, just a regular club, nothing special and way too crowded!! I know that's all Vegas clubs, but this place was ridiculous; you could hardly breath in there. Couldn't dance, couldn't walk, just stand there and sweat! The balcony area is really nice though, but again very small and narrow.
1	Rudeness...We were going to go to Tao to hang out and a group of guy friends said they already spoke to the bouncer and he said we needed to have a table and pay $450 in order to get in.  So we decided to leave, but before leaving, a female friend and I decided to double check, so we went up there and he said it was $20 for girls $30 for guys...we go back and and tell our guy friends and they are like great! we head back up there and the bouncer says " I already told you $450 for a table!" I'm like WTF?? Craziness...Then I met a girl in the bathroom who told me the bouncer said that they didnt have the right "ratio" of males to females they had 2 females and 9 guys he said they needed at least 4 girls, then they got 2 other girls and got it and they said it was WACK and not worth their time.I had a great time downstairs at the Hookah Bar "V" :)
2	I'm a sucker for cute rose petal covered girls in bathtubs, swinging fom the ceiling to deliver champagne to VIP, and hot, lingerie clad girls in window boxes but  you can't stop to look at them because the jerk bouncers or security that are like Mack trucks run you over and force you to move along! I understand it's their job but there's a time they need to be that way not all the time! We were staying in the penthouse suite at the Palazzo. It was 2 of my friend's birthday day and we had passes to get in but they told the birthday girl it was $20 each. And she was going to pay! I went in and spoke to the manager and we were escorted in, no charge. Walking in almost reminded of Janet Jackson"If" video. Almost. It's always too packed on the main dance floor but the music and atmosphere was good. The Dj does change the music a little too soon but good set. I just can't get over the "not so gentlemen" bouncers and security. Not everyone is the extremely intoxicated person that gets into a fight for some stupid reason and won't remember a thing about how they ended up in jail...in Vegas!
3	I came here three years ago on New Year's Day, so I admit that my experience will be woefully dated. I can only hope that things have vastly improved since then =)My friend and I were on a guest list, and despite this we wound up waiting in a long, snakey like for over an hour before being allowed in. The music was awesome, though: hip-hop, dance. Good stuff. We were there until almost 4 in the morning, and left only because my friend wanted to hook up with a guy at another place. I'd made eyes with a guy while waiting in line, and we ended up running into each other... not inside Tao, but at the next bar. Memorable experience, to be sure. (Hey, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, amirite? Ha!)
4	As expected from one of the Vegas clubs, the lines are long and the place is packed. The saving grace is the line isn't as hectic as say, Marquee, and the cover for guys is a little less. Free if you're staying at the Venetian or Palazzo which is great because those hotels aren't bad at all.Much like Marquee, this place also has lots of stairs. Luckily, not as much as that place and not as maze-like. Just beware that in summer, it gets ass hot. I was sweating after a couple flights.There are also the mandatory dancers but these dancers writhe around in oversized champagne glasses/tubs.Cool place and I'll most likely go back again. There's also no shortage of promoters here so even better if you can get on the guest list.
4	I went here with a group of friends for a bachelor party weekend in Vegas and I was blown away. The decor was great and the atmosphere was really fun. Since we had a bachelor party and made reservations for a table in advance, we didn't have to wait in line. So I can't tell you how long the wait was but what I can tell you is that there was a long line to get in. Once we were in, we were escorted to our table which was in the mezzanine and over looked the crowd. The place was packed and everyone was dancing and having a great time. The DJ (I forget his name) was great and didn't play a bad song all night. I don't remember how much the tab came out to but I know we had a great time and had no complaints. Worth stopping in and trying when you're in Vegas.
4	Loving this place for giving us, a group of 5 girls, free entrance and free drinks.  We were on a guest list from a "host" not a "promoter" but I really would not know the difference except for the fact that the group of girls in front of us didn't wear the pink wristband we did and there is a special section in this club that we were allowed to get in; they even asked us to dance on the ledge which was fun.   We did not have to wait awfully long to get in the club either.  We were asked to check in at It's Sugar, right across from the club where we got our wristband.  I must say it feels pretty darn good passing the long line! Felt like aVIP!  Free drinks is only from 10:30 to 11:30.  I love the crowd here, very fun and not too aggressive! This club is very, very crowded though that is why I am only giving them 4 stars. Overall, when I go back to Vegas  I shall hang out here again --  only if I go back with my girl friends.  I was supposed to meet a classmate from high school but for a husband and wife, they had to pay $50 each -- on top of waiting forever in that long line outside-- ouch!
1	Crap, over rated.. Bouncer wanted150 for me and 2 guys to get in. I told him " wtf you think this place is??xs???I was upset, I met a girl earlier and couldn't see her at the end of the night because of the bouncer. Don't go here, you've been warned
5	I realized that I needed to update my review about this place because it the BEST place to go in Vegas.I always have the best time at Tao they have the HOTTEST PROPLE, GREATEST DJ & the BEST CELEBRITIES!! I have ALWAYS HAD A BLAST at Tao. They have multiple dance floors, and even have girls dancing in bath tubs!! One of the best things about Tao is the VIP HOST RICHARD, he always takes good care of me and my friends with my tables and making sure we have everything we want!!!! I just spent my birthday there a few months ago and Richard made sure that I had the BEST birthday EVER!! He goes above and beyond his job and I couldn't have asked for more.  Richard makes all my experiences and celebrations even better than I could have imagine. If your wanting to have the time of your life make sure to call Richard because your guaranteed to make your Vegas trip unforgettable.
3	Tao is a pretty good club in Vegas. It's probably number 4 on my list. I've been here a couple times so far. Both times were pretty fun. It gets get crowded pretty quickly though. If you can I highly suggest trying to get onto a promoters guest list. I was pretty drunk when I went here, but thanks to my promoter it was free. The setup was pretty decent from what I remember. The wait at the bar took a little while, but it's all gravy. Drinks are average priced at around $17. *The first time I went here, the security thought my ID pic wasn't really me so I had to tell them my full name, birthday and address. Good thing I still remembered all  that information since I was chocolate wasted.
1	way too overrated.the bouncer bullshit about guest list. Dropped him $40 and suddenly there was no guest list. Waited in line for a long time, and very disappointed when I finally got in. Seriously, my spotify plays better music than the dj here.
5	Gorgeous club with gorgeous people. I'm a total sucker for the Asian inspired decor, the hot go-go dancers, rose petal covered girls in the tubs, hot bartenders, and the huge space. OPEN BAR AND FREE COVER FOR GIRLS!! WINNER WINNER :D Most of my friends want to go to XS, Surrender, etc. but I can't seem to stay away from this place. Even tho it's not the newest or trendiest place anymore, it is still one of my favorites. The line here can get REALLY crazy  especially on a Saturday night.  This is a great spot for girls. You can get through the line pretty quickly if you're on the guest list or staying in the hotel. Guys usually will have to pay cover (unless you're staying at the hotel), but honestly, the cover here is so much less than some of the other places in Vegas. Plus, like at Lavo, girls get open bar here.  The drinks here aren't nearly as strong as the ones that they serve at Lavo, but whatever, they're free! GUYS:Make nice with the girls....or make sure you've got girls in your group; maybe they'll share their drinks with you :DThe promoters are all pretty nice. They'll do their best to get you in as quickly as they can. Sadly, the bouncers aren't always all that nice. They're pretty chill with a group of girls. But they can be total assholes to guys. It can get pretty packed in the club, but luckily, it is pretty big. There are a couple rooms and 3 bars. The wait at the bar can take a while, so learn to get a little pushy and squeeze to the front. The bathroom is CONFUSING. I do love their decor...but is it really necessary to label the bathrooms as "Ying" and "Yang" Chances are most people are buzzed or DRUNK. I really don't like having to think about which bathroom to go into! Sometimes they have a bouncer stationed right outside to direct traffic, but sometimes they don't. LADIES: THE LADIES ROOM IS ON THE RIGHT!!!EXTRA STAR: They give the girls FLIP FLOPS at the end of the night. Seriously, my favorite thing about tao :D
1	I'm sorry Tao fans, but the best I can give them is 1.5 stars. Each and every time I have come here, I've had a bad or meh experience. And I've given the benefit of the doubt of coming back 5 times because the group I'm with insists on going.Keeping an open mind that, yes, they usually have the most beautiful people and the best DJs spinning here, their dance floor is ridiculously too small to fit the thousands of clubbers that want in, if you can even get in in the first place. Waiting forever is a given, with or without guestlist.Bouncers and doormen are extremely stuck up, even to the sluttiest girls that throw breasts in their face and kiss their ass. They will make any excuse to kick someone out of the line, it seems.I've been stabbed in the foot with women's 10" hooker heels, smacked in the face by some sweaty guy's nasty sweating back, lost a friend because she got kicked out, pushed and shoved by hardcore fanatics, purposely grabbed in the ass, and robbed of an ID because a friend didn't look like her picture (who the heck looks like themselves after 2lbs of makeup?).Despite all that, I still give in to going back to give them "one last try", because I'm that good of a friend and all. :)
2	This was the place to be around 2-3 years ago. But now its just Meh!. I came here this past weekend and they seem to make sure its really pack that you cant even breathe in there. The music is great, kudos to the DJs but the bartenders and bounces are rude and slow. Why the heck to you get on VIP if you are going to wait 20 mins to get in. Redick!I like the asian inspired decor and the go go dancers but thats about it.
1	Complete ripoff I did VIP bottle service (done bottle service before in other cities) and felt screwed from the first. $1600 for the champagne, $400 for six bottles of red bull (did not order this, they just bring it) $300 for six waters, $400 for the bottle service, taxes and tip. $3000 total bill and the try to go the bathroom and they want a $20 tip. They know they are ripping you off because they make you sign and initial very little thing and you never see what you are paying. You go to clubs like this to feel special like a king and not like a sucker. Stay away, unless you like to give your money away.
1	I value my abilities to move and breathe. Highly value. I simply could not handle this place when it was so crowded.This place may be all find and dandy for some people. A lot were enjoying the DJ and the 'dance' floor, but there were only a few corners here and there where you can actually interact with anyone. While trying to find a place to stay and drink we were shoved away by security saying we were too close to the elevator doors, when it's the only place to stand.So what did we do? We left and found someplace else. I know it may be unfair since different clubs have different atmospheres, but I just found this place to be nothing but uncomfortable chaos. People pack the smoking balcony not just to smoke but because they needed rest from squirming their way across a 50 foot room.Tao Nightclub was just not my cup of tea at all, unfortunately. I hope others enjoy it more than I did.
5	I went to Tao a little after midnight and the line wasn't long. Because I'm a local, I was able to get in for free. The music was amazing and though the dance floor was crowded, I managed to find a spot by the rails that not only had a cool breeze, but wasn't packed with people.Every time I go to Tao, I have a good time.
4	Awesome club.  Great music, but much too crowded.  Multi-level with pool access if you get too hot in the club.  Girls are pretty much welcome anywhere here.  The model dancers are practically naked, so great eye-candies.  My favorite part is when you leave the club, they give you TAO sandals!!  They understand the pains of being a girl in heels after a night of partying!
2	General:$30 cover for men (even with my 2:1 female to male ratio group).Guest list line as well as general line, guest list line was 25 minutes. Positive:+Go-go girls are cute.+Great dance music.+Best decor of any Vegas club I've been to+Girls in the group enjoyed it very much!Negatives:-Too crowded, even for a Vegas club-Poor people management system outside club = asked to move often while waiting for group to arrive several times.-How did creeper old guy get in?  Short bald old man nudged me several times before groping girl in my group.  He left after I made my presence 'obvious' to him but how does this type get into a well known club?-Line for mens room was 15 minutesConclusion: Go there for the experience, watch your girls, enjoy the decor.  You may not want to go back.  I do not and will stick to larger or less crowded venues.
2	UGH. I hate this place and just because I'm feeling generous, I'm not giving this place one star. FIRST, the dancefloor is just WAY TOO SMALL. You know how jello wiggles if you touch it? Well that's exactly the way the crowd is when you're at Tao. One person moves a little, and the WHOLEEEE crowd moves along with him/her. IT'S THAT CROWDED. You see your friend across the dancefloor? GOOD LUCK GETTING TO HER! It's near impossible to get ANYWHERE. SECOND, dude, CALM DOWN! I'm sooooo sorry I wanted to share my drink with my friend! You don't have to go all crazy on me geesh! Just tell me nicely that I can't share my free drink with my guy friend, you don't have to yell at me man. You're not my parent. THIRD, ok, promoters are supposed help you get into the club either for free or if not free, without a wait....Our's did none of the above. Yah I understand this may not be relevant to your club, but this is part of your marketing and customer service so...figure it out! Gosh. Moral of my review, this place is small, overcrowded, and the people here are rude.
4	We were on the VIP guest list, but we didn't even end up having to use it. The bouncer loved us he brought us to the front immediately and just let us in without hesitations. The club was crowded, but that's Vegas for you. The first dance floor that plays hiphop was small, but still enough for you to move and dance and such. Yeah got stepped on a few times, and about to smack some b/tches up, but it's coo. We ain't even trippin like that. The main room played club house music, which was cool. It was much more crowded than the other room. Though, there were a lot of VIP booths that took up majority of the space to dance. So the bouncer only let so many people in at a time. Regardless, I had a great time at Tao, met some cool people got some free drinks. It was different.
3	3.5 Stars.I definitely like this MORE than Marquee but not as much as XS.I should preface my review by saying that we had a hookup that walked us into the club. No waiting, and no cover. So that definitely skews my perception in the good way.I really liked the ambience and decor.  There wasn't a ton of space to DANCE and we spent most of the time kind of standing around and talking (which was great, because it's kind of what we were looking for) and watching the go-go dancers.I don't know that I would wait to come in here, but without the wait, I really liked it and would definitely come back.
3	nice place. one thing i really didn't like is smoke. i couldn't be there more then hour. too much smoke almost everybody smoke. dj was the lady she is so cool i like her a lot. this place is different then lot of place. people say woman free but they charged 10$ each woman. if next time i would go XS
1	Ugh. To start off, Vegas is just not my thing... i dont understand why you go to a mediocre bar with trashy people, expensive drinks and a long line.Luckily we knew someone so we didn't have to wait in line or have to pay a cover. It probably didn't hurt that i was with 2 girls.It took FOREVER to get our drinks, which were mediocre at best. They packed this club with so many people that you literally couldn't move on the dance floor. It was awful. They had a ton of empty tables and booths but no one is allowed to sit in them unless you pay for table service.The one plus was watching all the old gross men drop hundreds (if not thousands of dollars) to get random cute girls in their booths for the free booze. gross.
5	yeah. amazing experience. tons of people. unbelievable music. the dj was killing it!! DJ VICE. unreal. I cant belive the show he put on. It was so good the first week, we came back the next weekend just to relive the experience.
1	I will never go back to this place ever!!!! My friends and I planned to attend Tao nightclub because this was her first time in Vegas and she heard a lot about it. We get to the club and they take a look at my friend, who is a cute plus size, and tell her they aren't letting her in because she is wasted!!!! Yet she had not had a drink at all that night... The most prejudice experience ever! Yet if I bought a table, they said then they would let her in!?!?! Stuff like this has to stop!!! Please don't waste your money at a place that thinks less of you!!!
1	I have never experienced such rude mean service from the security staff.I was there for a bachelorette party this past weekend and holy sht it was beyond packed I'm surprised that the fire department didn't shut this place down.Thankfully we had reserved a table and purchased bottle service everything about the bottle service was fine up until all decided to go downstairs and dance, did I mention how crowded it was.  As we were walking downstairs I was pushed into one of guard the  A$$wipe takes me by the arm and slams me against the wall and starts pulling me thru this maze of a back room. After witnessing how they beat up on some guys I was horrified that they would do the same with me, eventually they asked the meat head that took me back there what i had done and the he said I had given him lip and pushed him, really??? it was an accident I didn't push you I said, after apologizing for something that I didn't do they let me return to the party. I got my stuff and LEFT I was not going to spend any more time there. The next day I woke up with bruises on my arms and on my legs. I would not recommend this place to anyone it's not worth it this place is way too crowded. I was told that they also took the person who was walking behind me and that they punched him twice. The only reason why I didn't call the cops was because I didn't want to be the one to ruin the party.
3	Back when I first started going to Vegas, this place used to be all the rage. But now it has lost a little bit of its luster. I have spent many nights in the main room of Tao but now I find it too noisy...too crazy...just too much going on. It is overwhelming in a very bad way. Almost campy. The girls in bathtubs and cages have lost their shock value. That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed my night in the side room this weekend. We had bottle service at a table right by the dance floor. It was great. Much more relaxed and toned down from the circus next door. And I liked the music better. Of course it is expensive but considering what you get with it (treated like a princess), definitely worth it! I'd hate to stand all night and wander aimlessly. My favorite moment was the security guard escorting me to the bathroom and making people move out of the way. Not necessary yet hilarious. He even threw in a free bottle of champagne for our table!
4	I went here with some friends on a Thursday night and really enjoyed myself.  The ladies bathrooms are upstairs and were nice but unusual (the doors become opaque as you lock the doors).  We ended up sharing bottle service with some new friends, so I'm not sure how much the drinks were.
4	After being rejected from 1 OAK because my friends license was expired (it ceases to be a compliment at that point) we ended up at Tao. Didn't wait on line but paid a $20 cover (mehh were just happy to be in at that point). This place would suck if you didn't have a table because the dance floor is pretty small and the bar is overwhelmed..  Luckily though, that wasn't a problem for us and we partied the night away :)
3	Nightclubs are not my thing, but this place's layout is pretty impressive. A multi-level Nightclub, Restaurant, and Lounge (as well as outdoor Pool area thrown in for good measure), with a vaguely Asian theme (giant Buddha statues and the like), Tao looks very cool. Beautiful women writhe in cages and bathtubs, which is more weird than sexy. The dance floor is usually packed and the music is everything you'd expect... trendy EDM and crappy Top 40 hits spun by overpaid DJs. The crowd is everything you'd expect/ fear as well, with bros and sorority girls dancing the night away. Drinks are ridiculously overpriced, but I make it a rule to never buy drinks in a nightclub anyway.If you're a club kid, this place is worth a visit. It's no longer the hottest club in town (because the life-cycle for that title is less than two years), but that means you will probably wait in shorter lines to get in than at XS or Marquee. Not my usual scene, but it's Vegas and I was able to have a pretty good time.
3	Not enough room at all... you can't sit if you don't get bottle service.  Also, just not enough room to walk around, period.I had drinks spilled on me here, and the dance floor seemed to be filled with scantily-clad Asian girls and the types of guys who like that a little too much.  Music was pretty lame when I went... pop and not really good mixing or feeling.  Maybe this was because it was still before midnight, but come on.I was lucky to get in free + free drinks wristband.  I chugged quite a few mixed drinks in order to make myself have more fun in spite of these things, but they were so weak/watered down that I didn't really get anywhere.
2	HERE'S MY IDEA OF A PERFECT NIGHTCLUB.1. A huge dance floor. When you really wanna get down, you gotta be able to move freely without having to worry about getting an elbow to your chest or face.2. Bar. You also gotta make sure the bar itself is pretty big and the area around it should have ample space as well.3. Easy acces. Why the hell would you have to go up  a set of stairs just to have to make it to the main dance hall? You got female club goers all dolled up in their stilettos complaining that their feet hurt just making the journey from their car, waiting in line, and then stairs to deal with. The worst time is when its time to go. You got blisters already just from dancing (that is if you had any kind of room whatsoever), AND if you are drunk, you can easily be on youtube the next day.4. Have plenty of bathrooms. It's bad enough you have to wait to get in to the club, but you have to wait in line to go take a leak as well? Yes when you drink alcohol it gives you an awesome feeling. Only problem is, it goes right through your system. So alleviating that should be convenient and not time consumming.Music, DJ's, bouncers, and bartenders should always be givens. From what I saw these were very good.Overall, I would rather go to a club that was not as popular cuz at least you can walk around somewhat freely and have enough room on the dance floor to be able to do "The Dougie" or the  "Gangnam Style" dance. Im pretty sure some fire codes were violated based on the zombie like overcrowding. Im surprised there are not more fights and/or lawsuits resulting from pushing, shoving, and groping. So if I had a couple million in my back pocket, I would build my own club and call it "The Warehouse". LOL.
3	I had a good time, but that probably had something to do with the fact that we got in for free, since we were guests at the attached Palazzo. Also, we only had to wait in a very short hotel guest line for about three minutes. It's hard to begrudge an establishment after that.Yep, the drinks are expensive and weak. Yep, the joint is packed. Yep, the scantily-clad girls in bathtubs aren't particularly titillating or even shocking anymore. Yep, the dance floors are full of hot women/girls and nervous/dorky guys.Nope, I wouldn't pay the cover. And, nope, I wouldn't go if it wasn't free and attached to my hotel.So, there you have it. Tao in a nutshell.
5	Serious clubbing.  Great music, just a bit crowded.  I've actually never been crammed in like that before.
3	TAO Nightclub...DUN DUN DUN.  Okay, so the first time I came here I absolutely LOVED it!  I mean, what's not to like?  Right when you walk in you see half naked girls in tubs filled with roses and as you proceed upstairs you see more hot girls on beds/couches promoting lesbian tendencies. Good so far right?  The dance floor is relatively big too and it seems everyone is having a good time.However; after the first visit it just went downhill and stayed there.  Maybe it's just my luck but it gets too crowded and quickly becomes quite unpleasant.  The line for the bathroom is painstakingly long and the bouncers always shove you against the wall telling you to get the hell out of the way for ongoing human traffic.  The last time I ever came here I felt disgusted it felt like a sweaty cock fest sauna, no lie.  I don't think I'll ever be coming back because I prefer outdoor clubs where you can actually breathe over these death traps.If you haven't been clubbing here before try it at least once.  You might get lucky with a good experience who knows.Funny story: I got kicked out here once because I needed to throw up and couldn't find a trash can. I kicked open a random door by the bathroom and just yacked all over the floor...when I looked up I saw an entire staff standing there staring at me in disbelief and horror.  I said oops and proceeded to close the door real slowly as if nothing happened.  The bouncers kicked me out a few seconds afterwards.
3	This spot was cool. I loveeee the ambiance and the interior. The music was mehhh. A lot of Vegas clubs play west coast music which is a given but they were killing me. I would go again because the club is extremely beautiful but after a while it got unbearably packed and that's my cue to leave.
4	I know, I know. The general consensus is that TAO sucks. It's way too crowded and overrun with Asians. Even if this may be true, I experienced one of the best nights in Vegas I've ever had here.We came because the birthday girl wanted to see Armin van Buuren spin and I'm so glad we did. Yes, the place was pitch black. Yes, the place was ridiculously crowded (I can't tell you how many times we lost our friends or were squished like sardines on the dance floor, pushed up again strangers' sweaty backs).But eventually, we found our little niche in some corner between a wall and a table's booth, and danced the night away with our giant light sticks. I'm pretty sure we stayed there dancing for a good 3-4 hours continuously. The table we were dancing next to asked us to join them later in the night, so it was even better dancing on the booths, sipping on free bottled waters and alcohol provided by the generous table!Realistically speaking, I'm probably never visiting TAO again (majority always votes against), but I'll never forget the amazing night I had there.
2	I generally love this place. However, I have never been treated with such disrespect by literally everyone who works there. It kind of ruins your experience.  Even though we had dinner reservations, they treat you horribly. The food was decent and the club was fun, but it's hard when you are already in a bad mood from the staff. The bartenders and waitress were ok, but other than that, I hated how everyone wad being treated. Customer service is a big part of an experience. Other night clubs are better about that.
2	This was another stop on the boo and I's Vegas excursion. We opted to get dinner at the Tao restaurant next door. They offer some sort of VIP pass so you don't have to wait in line, I recommend you do this so you can skip the line of 1,000+ asians. The club itself is on the second floor, so you will have to climb some stairs. Once inside, get ready for some sardine action!What I mean is that you will be packed like a fish in a tin. Literally. They stuff em in this place, and that makes for a lousy night. The club itself was beautiful, and the music and dance floor was perfect, but it's just too small for the amount of people they let in. Drinks were expensive and the bar was very hard to get to, and the bathrooms leave much to be desired. We didn't do bottle service here but I imagine it would be very expensive. Aside from being a hotbed of asians, there were also lots of creepy dudes watching chicks dance. These were 50+ year old sausages just standing on the sidelines, getting their jollies watching an ocean of asians dancing the charleston. So yes, at times it can be a sausage party. All in all, check it out if you're in the Venetian, but make sure to get dinner and a VIP stamp, otherwise you'll be waiting in line all night.
3	First time clubbing. It was wayy too crowded but I enjoyed it for my first time. Didn't really enjoy rnb/hiphop music. Line to enter was super fast since we were guests at Venetian. The only thing I liked about this club was that it was free thanks to my friends connections.
2	Tao, for all the hype I like just not so happy. First It took 35 minutes to get inside :(  and we got there at 12 amTyga was there the night I went and so so so many people came out to see him, they club was over packed some type of fire hazard rule had to of been crossed. This is a big club but you are shoulder to shoulder with everyone no wiggle room what so ever. Left the main dance floor and hit the reserved area to find someone at a table to enjoy there bottle service, we did and that killed about 1 hour and got liquor in us, because no free drink tickets were given out here!! even tho i PAYED 20.00 dollars to get in! Around 2 am the dance floor cleared some and we were able to hit the main floor. The club closed at 4:30 am so you can just imagine how many people were still left.The club looks nice on the inside and was fun but over crowded and the layout was confusing especially with a lot of drunks. by the time the club closed and we all got shuffled out and into the parking structure it was past 5 am... I would never go come here agaiin.
2	We were in Vegas for the weekend celebrating a friends birthday. She wanted to have dinner at Tao before a show. With dinner, you can get a Tao stamp for a free entrance to the nightclub. There was hardly any wait for us other than to show our ID'sMusic was really good on the friday night BBBBBBBUT because we felt like sardines and were pushed and elbowed around from the numerous people on the dance floor, it was a no. If the place was bigger or didn't let so many people in, I would give this place a 4 or a 5. Ladies, be cautious. Three flight of stairs.. just saying
5	Staying at Venetian and Tyga in town? What a win. I got hooked up with bottle service; shoutouts to Chris Ca$h.I'll get straight to the point, the service here is amazing. I hope whoever that is paying Marcus, one of the associates at TAO, gets a raise because he sure does bust his ass off in the dim night setting. First impression has me sold and I would definitely get my bottle service here again when I am back in Vegas.Charmaine Mateo, our cocktail server was excellent as well. Top notch service again.Will be back!
5	We stayed at the Venetian and there's an awesome deal where you get to cut the line and get in for free! Major hookup - highly recommend staying at Venetian to get those perks.We went on a Thursday night and the music was AWESOME. It was a mix of electronic plus a good amount of hip hop music. The place was packed and a lot of great people there. Definitely recommend it - I will be back there!
1	Music's decentVenues alrightBut...Bouncers and security completely straight powertrip. I think our crew of 10 spent around $3000 for bottle service for a bachelor party.  We didn't expect much but were completely mistreated by security.  We had a guard who was dancing and partying as much as we were - grinding up on drunk girls [BEWARE LADIES].  He repeatedly threatened to kick us out because he thought we were ruining his game. What a joke right? Who was working and who were the paid customers?  Nothing gets me annoyed more when security and bouncers overstep their boundaries. I know they deal with drunk hoodlums all the time but by no stretch was our group classified under these terms.Needless to say, we're never coming back and you haven't been it's not worth your time and hard earned money.
1	NOt a fan of being groped by drunk men, only to be scolded by their security for asking for a little decency. If you cant depend on SEcurity to do their job, you all alone to fend for your own (and girlfriends, of course).Also, not a good idea to go late after everyone is already drunk. but this still does not excuse the security. I would NEVER go back here EVER for ANY Reason, and will only warn people who visit Vegas to be sure and AVOID this place. I know "what happens in Vegas stays in vegas," but this is not an excuse for men to act like disrespectful drunkards without any decency at all and think this bad behaviour is erased because they left Vegas! Not classy Tao, not at all.
2	TAO is overrated. I know that may sound harsh, but keep reading below.1. Wrapping the line all the way around the plaza is a sleazy tactic to make the club appear in-demand.2. The bouncers need to stop power-tripping. Just because you get to wear a suit doesn't mean you can act like a prick.3. This place is dark as night. I understand that you're trying to create a certain vibe, but a little bit of light won't hurt.4. Too many narrow walkways. 5. Way too packed. I suppose a lot of Vegas clubs are, but TAO takes the cake for this category.6. DUDES. Lots of dudes. I don't care since I usually go with my girlfriend, but I feel sorry for my fellow bros trying to have fun.There a few positives, however.1. TAO Beach offers a nice escape from the madness. Great place to get some fresh air and hang out with friends.2. Lots of top notch DJ's and performers. 3. Intriguing Asian/Buddhist theme.4. Bathrooms are clean and accessible.Despite my 2-star review, I would go back to TAO...on the guest-list, of course.
2	I came here for my company event with the entire section reserved for dinner and a table-booth for a night club later at night. I had a great time, but overall experience was just ok. Pros:- Great theme/ambien venue.- Accessible and cleaned bathroom- Great music/DJ performing events- Located by Venetian hotel.Cons:- Strict dress code. (fyi)- Very crowded with relatively limited space- Security/Bouncers have attitude problem. If you're a guy, double that. I'd suggest any company that wants to arrange a special event should take business elsewhere. You would get more space and better service.
1	Worst night club experience EVER!Why?Because I didn't get in...and there was a fight outside!We were on the guest list and took a cab from across the strip to get here.  I was dressed nice, but had on white sneakers (white/cement Jordan IIIs).  For this reason alone, I was not let in.  However, we noticed several other dudes wearing torn up canvas sneakers.  The explanation we received when my wife asked was that they were not white (I guess khaki colored Vans are okay??).  The doorman wasn't budging, so we went on our way.  As we were about to leave, a fight broke out within a few feet of us.  A guy punched security and then just stood there talking.  He could have walked away at that point because security was so slow to respond.  Then after a few minutes he started getting swarmed by waves of security guards.  They hog tied him, and then some random dude came up and kicked the tied up dude in the face.  Security did nothing to stop the kicker, and seemed incompetent in general.Even though I never made it inside, Tao just doesn't seem like my type of place.  My advice is to steer clear of here!
2	So we ended up coming here for my gf's 21st. We got ourselves a table which was awesome, but it was right by the hip hop room and the music was pretty weak. Our server was really nice. She came by to clear our table and refilled our drinks pretty often. Shout out to the busty asian hostess (lol).The table itself wasn't too expensive, something like $600 which got 6 of us (3 guys 3 girls) in quick. I don't know if it was the location or just how it was everywhere, but our table wasn't really sectioned off at all so people kept getting all up on our sh**. Pretty lame.This club is okay but it's pretty overrated. It's the EDM area is literally jammed packed with dudes, no thanks.
3	The Tao is a classy nightclub but the second story (where the dance floor is located) is essentially pitch-black-- as in I-can't-even-tell-what-your-gender-is dark. The music was really lacking too-- thug-rap with every other word being "n*gga and mutha f*cka" instead of actual clubbing (dancing) music such as techno, electronic, house, etc. I'm 25 years old and I felt like this club was more geared toward 18 year olds. Also, drinks are $22 a pop which is expected but if you're an attractive female no need to worry ;-)  Overall, it was OK. If you're high on coke or ecstasy this club would rock.
1	Randomly pick a Asian to remove from the club. Can't believe this
5	I don't know why I haven't hit up TAO since 2009?!?! I fell back in love with this spot. Hit it up for NYE 2012 with J. Cole! Shit was bonkers! It was the perfect night and the hip hop room was on and poppin!To me, Tao hasn't lost its appeal. People hate it because it can get crowded and musty, but honestly Tao has been known as the forefront of MEGA CLUBS since the get. I had a great time!
3	Hmm ok the ambiance is awesome Buddha statues, rose petals the works, but don't think if your "regular folk" you getting to sit down let alone lean against a wall because super security will hunt you down anywho there was no cover cause I had a v card and I got one free drink ticket, music was not bad a mix of everything for those who chose to dance and not just stand there and stare in your face
1	This review is for the management and the bouncers.  Let me tell you a story.  I just flew into Las vegas, had a nice dinner with friends from out of country that I haven't seen in a very long time.  Then we decided to go to the night club that was in our hotel the Venetian.  I believe it was around 3:00AM when something terrible happened.  A random dude comes out of nowhere and punches me in the back of the head.  At the time I was dancing with my friends on the dance floor.  I was not in anyone's way and wasn't even interacting with anyone outside my group.  So the punch hit's me in the back of my head and my glasses.  So I look at the guy that did this to me and ask him "What the fuck are you doing?"  and he just says "Fuck you blah blah blah".  Then the bouncers come out of nowhere and grab ME!!! NOT HIM! BUT ME!!! forcefully as if he assumed I was the one who started the commotion.   I was guilty of giving a man a finger but only after I was assaulted and lost my glasses.  As I was being grabbed and pushed backwards outside some side exit I try to tell the bouncer who has his vice grip on me that I did not do anything and that I am blind without my glasses (I'm -7.5 in both my eyes) and I need to get my glasses.  He ignores me and when we are outside acts like he does not give a single fuck about what I am saying.  Again I repeat to him for the 5-6 times that I really need my glasses and I would gladly leave the premises ASAP if they would just let me look for my glasses.  He continues to ignore what I am saying until he pushes me outside.  He the asks for my ID.  So I give it to him.  In my mind I assume he was filing some kind of incident report (but this was not the case since I called back the next day and there was no evidence of the incident happening according to management/security).  So why did he take my name down?  Why did he need my id?  Then the bouncer has the audacity to blame me for his broken watch, like really?  How could that have been when I did not resist you and you had my by both my arms so tight that it left bruises on my body.  Yes people bruises, and yes I do have pictures.  I was shocked that he would handle someone so fiercely even though I did not assault anyone nor threatened him in anyway.  So I tell him I didn't do shit to your watch and I really need to get my glasses.  Another bouncer comes in and tells the bouncer who threw me out of the club for being hit in a head by someone else to go look for the glasses.  That bouncer leaves and the other bouncer says something like "we are trying to run a business and we are trying to end this disturbance...." So at this point I was really angry.  I continue to explain what happened and that I really need my glasses since this is the 1st night of my vacation and not having sight really puts a jam on things.   Talking to this guy proved useless much like the last bouncer.  So the bouncer that threw me out comes back after 3-5 minutes of "searching" for my glasses and says I'm shit out of luck.  They get my number and escort me out of the club and simply say "if we find your glasses, we will contact you."  So end of the night, nothing happens to my attacker and I lose sight and I don't get so much as a sorry for the bouncer's behavior.  So I later that night I file a report with the Venetian Security.  There was supposed to be a representative from Tao present at the time of the incident but I was told by the Venetian front desk that they will not be coming.  More proof of zero fucks given by Tao security and management.  I call the next day to security office and I file a report supposedly with one of the girls there, since there was no report failed from the next before.  They say they will send a email to the "Director Victor" who runs the show at Tao.  I am told I can only have someone from Tao email him because it is impossible to reach this "Director Victor" by any other means.  Really?  Really?  Okay let's just believe in that bullshit.  They did ask me what kind of outcome I would like to see happen.  I mentioned my trip is essentially fucked so that was worth a couple of thousand to me and my glasses was worth around six hundred but I did repeat multiple times that the money is not as important to me as getting my sight back.  So a day goes by I call them again and again I ask them to contact "Director Victor" by email since there is no other way he communicates.  More days go by..  no answer.  So I'm back in NY now and still no answer after a couple of weeks.  So "Director Victor" thank you for making Tao so memorable for me.  They way your people conduct security and the way you do business is something I will keep near and dear to my he
4	Three and a half, but I bumped it up to four for the music mainly.We went to this club on our first night here (thursday), and it was pretty packed in the dance floor area. There were four of us (all girls), and we got in free, but because we were put on the guest list through a promoter. We were promised a free round of drinks, if not more, but to our dismay, the promoter stopped texting us as soon as we got there.  They get paid on bringing people in, but this one didn't follow through.The club itself wasn't bad.  Upon entering, we walked up the stairs since the first area was a dining area. The drinks are pricy, like any place in Vegas.  The bathroom for the ladies required us to go up yet another flight of stairs, but our view while waiting allowed us to look at the crowd below.The night we were there, it was all hip hop and r&b music so I had a blast. The dance area is pretty tiny (or what I saw from this night, maybe there is a bigger area for friday/saturday) since most of it is roped off for table service. Right behind the dj area is a door to and outside balcony where people went for air if it became too hot or to take a smoke break.For a thursday night, I thought this place was pretty fun, minus all the creepy guys. But then again, there are creepy guys in every club in Vegas.
1	Alright, I'm not the one for night clubs but this one sucked. First off, they don't have ANY place to sit unless you want to pay extra for it. So my aching feet from my high heels got 100 times worse then it could have been. Secondly, it was annoying full. You could barely walk around without bumping into someone else even more so on the dance floor. Third, the staff/bouncers are rude. My friend that came with me, of course got drunk and was hitting on someone. That one person got upset by this and complained and my friend got kicked out. Fourth, Its ALL women which is fine if you are one of the few dudes that are in there. Women are not very nice, even more so when they dress up and act like snotty little brats which was about 75% of the women there. I had more fun drunkenly walking barefoot out of the place to the parking garage where our friend was there to pick us up at 11:30. Heck, I even saw more men/got hit on more during that 15 minute walk then the 2 hours I was at the club. I will not go again. Was not worth the time or money.
4	To be frank, the placement of that dancefloor is just plain stupid. There's enough tables around the place....rip out everything in the middle and make the dancefloor bigger and less awkward please.We dropped in around midnight and the second floor was PACKED. I was completely dissapointed and was not enjoying myself at all! We ended up hanging in the lounge for awhile to wait out the crowd. While down there, wecordered drinks from a not so pleasant waitress and found we had to pay a 40% mark up! 20% in service fees and another 20% for something else? WTH? I had just gotten an appletini upstairs for $14....paying $20 something for a lychee martini was NOT cool! So FYI, order from the bar.Once we saw people starting to clear out, we headed back up and had a blast! Still was crowded, but we had more room for maneuverability AND we got a bunch of free drinks compliments of the club. Awesome!The place is gorgeous and I would def return armed with my new found wisdom. :)
4	Came on a Friday to see Hardwell. Get presale tickets and your life will be a breeze, so what's an extra $20/30 to skip a line especially with a bunch of guys? You're in Vegas, you didn't think it was going to be cheap did you? Not a fan of the floorplan, lots of seating and not enough dance space. The little balcony in the back to get some air is so tiny. Nice architecture and consistent ambiance within the venue and a clear separation of house music from the hip hop. Drinks are expectedly overpriced, over $100 for 6 jagerbombs. Really nice place, particularly large asian crowd and a generally good time.
5	Want can I say about Tao Nightclub?  Well the women there are beautiful. The club itself is fun.  It gets really packed and the music is great.  Ludacris was there last night and the club was insane. This is one of my favorite spots to go to.  I don't deal with promoters for Tao cause I have connection that I can walk girls in pass the line anytime any day.  The girls I walked in where surprised how fast they got in being with me.  They also got the chance to hang with Luda also.  Ladies if you are planning to come to Tao sometime in the future, be sure to hit me up and find out for your self what I can do.
2	The music sucks! Dj was really bad. Bunch of guys and not enough females. Dance floor too crowded
3	This place draws a massive crowd but I really don't know why. It has a cool atmosphere but the dance floor is tiny. There are so many better places in Vegas I would hit xs, tryst or surrender before this one.
4	Best club experience I've ever had, but yes, it's overcrowded with a faulty dance floor layout.  Almost got into a fight with someone simply due to the overcrowding, but hey, it's a night club.  Good music most of the night, great atmosphere with different areas and styles, plenty of eye candy, but even better we all got in for free and drank for free.  Yes, I'm sure that had an influence in my rating, but it really was a great time with all the glittering confetti raining down on us, the glow stick portion of the evening, and the acrobatics above our heads.  Would recommend to anyone who doesn't mind rubbing up on pretty much everyone else there.
4	Every single time I go to Vegas, TAO is always on my list of clubs to go to. Thursdays are always jammed pack with people. I love the set-up of TAO.I believe the drinks are free for ladies before 11pm. Get ready to hand them down to those men who are trying to scrounge up a free drink. (frugal men..)I've seen several headliner DJs here also. But be ready because it can be mosh pit inside. It can be very crowded where you have no room to dance, but only a shoulder to rub on.If you're not in the mood for rubbing shoulders, you can go outdoors where it's more airy and less crowded. I love the outdoors during the summer nights in Vegas. The air is warm, but not humid. Ladies gets in for free and guys for $20 if you have a promoter. But no worries, someone should have one in you're group.
3	You know, I would've LOVED Tao if the crowd wasn't so populated with ASIANS! I felt like I was back in SF clubbing there.... The ambiance is amazingly beautiful here and really does give me the urge to get my party on, but the crowd really kills it. The environment here is intimate with a great lounge/party atmosphere. The lighting gives Tao such a great Asian-Fusion effect! The guest list lines moves pretty quick and girls get free drinks till 1030 of course! The music played here is really good! Music is up to beat. The bathrooms are so odd though. It seems so exposed. Not sure if I like that. Basically my girls and I stayed here until 11iish then decided we were going to bounce and go to Marquee. This asianess wasn't quite our scene even though we are Asian... lol. I guess we just prefer different type of guys?
1	That club is pretty lame.. $20 at 2am on a friday night to enter an empty club? Really? Don't get me wrong, I have no problem paying to go to a club but when it is raining outside and there are maybe 30 people inside.. that's unnecessary...
4	Went here on a Saturday nite on Jan a week or 2 after NYs, and had a blast.. dress to impress...Several levels to choose from to suit your taste.. Also in the middle of the strip.. downside would only be the price of drinks.. but its vegas, so that point is forgiven..
3	I had a good time at Tao; fun to dance on the stage with the dancers.  We were there early and from what I gather, the time you go definitely has an affect on your experience.  We got our free drinks around 11 (got in for free by getting stamped at dinner) and we got to avoid the lines too.  They played fun music, but i do have to agree that once it starts getting packed and you're forced down to the dance floor, the whole experience got a lot less enjoyable.  I understand that clubs make a ton of money through table service, but there is no reason to compromise the breathing ability of your dancing patrons. Once on the dance floor, I was smush dancing, because that's what you end up doing with such a tiny floor and no where to move.  We stayed for a couple of hours and left...it was fun and I would go back...I just wish that I didn't have to wear heels.
1	Yuck!  This place has great ambiance but it all goes downhill from there.  We place our order and everything shows up at the same time!   Come on.  Have you ever heard of fighting.  The food lacks subtlety. Great foods mixed with lackluster fillers and super heavy sauces.  Good grief
4	Pre Super Bowl party Entering Tao, you see white tubs filled with 3/4 water with a girl inside and rose pedals floating everywhere.  I'll leave that to your imagination to come and check it out yourself.   I'm sure everyone enjoyed little scene.  Our host mentioned that there are 3 levels, and each floors plays different music;  we're welcome to  can check it out.   We were in the main floor that plays house music and our table was in a corner booth right next to the DJs.  The waitress were friendly and gorgeous.  The bouncer was a big teddy bear.  We partied where we were and didn't move, it's too pack to walk around.  We all had  a fun time.Until next time......
5	I can only base this review on the one time me and my 11 friends went to Tao on our celebration trip to Las Vegas. And we all agreed it was one of the best nights of our lives.Although this may or may not be atypical of the Tao experience, I want to share with you our night so you understand why I have rated this club so wonderfully. We started our Vegas trip at Hyde in the Bellagio and upon exiting, we were approached by a fine looking gentlemen who offered us free admission and free bottle service at Tao on Thursday night. After no thought at all, we accepted and were escorted into the club to our own couch with two bottles of vodka and four kinds of mixers. The waitresses were friendly and efficient and the service was exceptional. The club itself:-Asian/ Buddha decor really stood out, gave the club an exclusive feel-Girls with rose petal boob coverings dancing in bathtubs, yup. Girls suspended over the dance floor doing flips, uh huh. Good music, check. Nothing much like this in Michigan.-Very crowded around peak hours between 11:30-2:00am. Dance floor was packed and I found it difficult to walk around the club. This problem was solved by having our own area as leaving to dance was not necessary. -Great mix of people, no complaints about overaggressive men or pushy security. Overall, this was a five star experience but we don't expect it to happen again any time soon without spending thousands of dollars.
4	I had an Awesome time with my bf and his cousins. This was my first time clubbing and luckily i got free drinks. I was drunk and it was cool cuz I dance my ass off without  feeling awk and besides that fact that a couple guys ended up behind me and tried to hold my hand wtf? -_- and me stepping on other girls feet w/o knowing it haha i had a really good time
1	Meh, I have been to Tao 2 times in about 10 trips to Vegas... it has a lot of potential but is a disappointment every time.They have some pretty cool VIP areas and I love the dark, sexy red decor but they seem to not have a capacity limit and it gets wayyy too crowded/boiling hot.When you first enter, there is a side room with bar on the right and THAT is the place to hang out if you want to drink/boogie a little... the other bars in the place are always way too crazy & crowded - the bouncers are over-protective and the bartenders are overwhelmed. Suit yourself and take a peak into the main room for a sec but then trust me, Its honestly not even worth trying!The drinks are the normal expense - $15-20/cocktail - and the crowd is mostly asian, but you can't really expect different from a club called TAO.The coolest part of the club was the bathrooms. The ladies bathroom area is upstairs and they are all individuals that have glass doors. They actually are see through when the door is open and frost over when it shuts.... that's pretty damn incredible if you ask me!The dance floor is wayyyy too packed to bust any moves and you can't stop for one minute without having a bouncer flash his light at you telling you to keep moving.The one other fun part I can remember was that if you did have a table in the main room, you could stand up on the top of the bench seats like a makeshift stage and dance - aka no one sweating on/pushing/elbowing you - and that was a blast.  Just watch your skirt ladies!Definitely not worth the price of a cover - or the wait in a huge line - or anything actually... The only time I've ever had a good time here was when we had our own private area and that honestly could have been in any club anyway.Nothing special here and more negative than positive for sure. I'd give it a miss.
4	The music was great, the dance floor was packed, everyone was having a good time until someone stole my friends phone out of her pocket and my other friend was forced to wait an hour (when it was already 5am) to get her jacket from coat check only to be told to come back at 10am since they were closed. The dancers are hot and can really shake what their momma gave them :) I probably wont go back here because of the theft and issues with coat check though. So as long as you are aware of your possessions and dont wear a coat in the colder months, you will most likely have a good time also there isnt really a smoking area... it appeared that the bar was the smoking area... kinda not what I expected lol
2	I have nothing nice to say.....spend your dollars somewhere else...sorry TAO
3	Went on a night Sean Paul performed. Great dancable music and beautiful interior!  The whole experience would have been better except for:1. Ratio was not enforced that night - it was a sausage fest and a disgustingly smelly 2. WAY TOO CROWDED.  it really took away from the experience.  there is no dancing to be done here.  just having random people move you and shove you around for a couple hours.if not for those 2 things i would rate this club a 5 stars hands down
3	The music at the beginning of the night was good. As more people filled in, they started playing some horrible hip-hop that you could not dance to. And when it got crowded, it got crowded! Even the VIP section was no longer a blessing because people were pouring in. The dance floor was too small for the amount of people there. The women's restroom is located upstairs and you have your own private bathroom. The line moves quickly for a women's bathroom line. We encountered some creeps while there as well. We were able to access the nightclub easily, since we dined at the restaurant. But if you don't have any intentions of eating there first, get on line early enough because it was just as long when we left, as when we went in.
3	I use to think this was the hottest nightclub in Vegas but after checking out XS nightclub this place is awight. Don't get me wrong it's cool in all if you don't mind listening to mainstream music all night long :/ I actually celebrated my bday here a couple years back and had an awesome time.
2	Don't come here if your guy to girl ratio is not at least 1/2, or else you will be required to pay for bottle service.Good news is that there's more girls than guys upon entering.Workers are all snobby and stuck up outside the club.Expensive drinks inside, so make sure you pre-drink somewhere else.Will get crowded, so you should come early.
2	I didn't like the layout of this place. In the main room, there was a very large area roped off, which you needed to have a badge to get into. I assume that was VIP? There were a lot of non VIP people in a rather crowded section right next to it. I guess that was the dance floor for the rest of the people? This was a 'dead night' and i felt it was just too crowded in that one area where almost no one had room to dance.Then there is the other room, which was practically empty. That suited me fine considering I wasn't bumping into anyone and did not have to wait forever to get my drink. I walked back and forth the whole night until they closed up this room. Bummer.Overall, just a regular club experience.
2	Fancy on the outside, Meh on the Inside. Looks fancy with all the nice asian decor everywhere and the high ceilings but overall nothing special. Dance floor is pretty small and gets super packed, as does every other dance floor. When I tried to get on the dance floor as soon as I made my way on there after push and shove I wanted to snake my way out because there was no way I'd have fun rubbing up against everyone whether I wanted to or not. There is a hip hop room but it was kinda dead and felt like a high school dance when I went.  The whole time I was there I felt a little conflicted with staying in the awkward hip hop room or walking around in the main room trying to find a spot and eventually just left to go party somewhere else. The one thing I do like is the open bar they have for ladies for an hour, but that barely makes it worth it.
4	My fav spot when in Vegas!
1	LOL TAO.This review is a long time in coming. How long? The very first meal my husband (back then, he was my boyfriend!) and I ate in Las Vegas was at Tao, when we were just a couple of tourists staying at The Venetian FOR THE VERY FIRST TIME.We had a late flight and Asian food, in a snazzy club, right in our hotel, sounded great! The menu looked tasty and all was well. So we got to our room, got changed and headed downstairs for our reservation.Considering that my meal at Tao was the absolute worst experience I have ever had EVER in all of my 26 years, and my VERY FIRST IMPRESSION of the city of Las Vegas, it is a wonder that I ever came to like the city enough to move here. We had the worst, most obnoxious, most condescending, snottiest, meanest and awfulest (that's a word now) waiter in the history of the profession. I believe his name was Davey. I wonder if he still works there?!!When good ol' Davey asked us what kind of water we wanted, I asked for a Diet Coke because I was super thirsty (it was our first night in the desert, after all) and he cut me off rudely with the classic line, "This is WATER TIME." We were consistently pressured to spend more money on crappy food (there was one thing that I liked, some kind of fried sushi roll thing with rare beef inside? I guess the one star is for that) and drinks than we had any desire to. We were spoken to in a manner best suited for dealing with small, mentally challenged animals. We were given long, unnecessary explanations on what certain foods were like (I guess he thought we had maybe never eaten below-average Asian fusion before and didn't know what "ahi tuna with wasabi cream" is??? "THOSE WORDS AREN'T AMERICAN! THIS MUST BE FANCY!").You see, Davey figured out very quickly (probably immediately) that we were not typical club-goers and immediately decided that we were a couple of dorky Midwestern tourists worthy of his scorn. We WERE a couple of dorky Midwestern tourists but we are deeeeffffinitely not idiots and we were and are no strangers to fine dining (much finer than Tao) and, thanks, Davey, we know how to use a credit card.Yup. At the end of our torturous meal, he actually explained to us how to use a credit card. Like, "Now I'm going to give you this receipt back, and you sign on the line, and that authorizes me to charge you for the amount indicated."My only regret is not that we ate at Tao, because honestly the whole thing was pretty hilarious and walking through the club portion gave me a quick education on what, exactly, a club is and why I never want to go to one, ever, but that Timothy paid for the meal with his credit card and thus was afraid to not leave our pal Davey an actual tip, when we SHOULD have left cash and like, a pile of garbage instead. OH WELL.
3	I came here on a Thursday night, since I had heard that Tao was one of the better Thursday nightclubs in Vegas. Cover was $20 for guys, free for girls. The place is decorated quite nicely and is very stylish. Dancers, red lights, confetti are all nice touches, but the club just wasn't kicking.The DJ that night played mostly hip hop. There were a couple of moments where he started playing a couple of EDM songs and I thought the crowd was starting to gain momentum, but that quickly faded away once another hip hop song came on. I'm not sure if this experience warrants coming back (certainly not on a Thursday night). On the plus side, staff was friendly and helpful every time I talked to them.Tip: go to the website and get on the guest list. You'll be able to go to a guest list line that's about half the size of the normal line.
1	Zero!! Bought a 3 minimum bottle and still got treated like shit. The bouncers were disrespectful with the ladies and guys. First off 2 of us are cops and the rest are nurses we obviously can't get introuble. We asked a bounce to take a pic and he kicked us out. Ok. You make your minimum wage job but being prejudice against us clients. Good luck with the club business bouncers, I won't be getting a bottle next month for our bottle
4	Going to Tao in Vegas is kind of like going sightseeing. It's usually on your list of things to do in Vegas, you know you will see some tacky shit, but you will also probably enjoy it and be glad you did it. Much like traveling in general, it all depends on who you are going with and what mindset you are in. I personally had a blast. I was with a small group (5) and because we were staying at the hotel we waited in a line that moved pretty fast. We went around 1030 and waited maybe 10 minutes in line. We got in no problem, no trouble from the door guys. Guys were $20 cover and girls were free. People were dressed up and looked good, but it wasn't quite as formal as I thought it would be (then again, I'm from Manhattan). Yes, there are girls in bathtubs filled with rose petals. Yes, there are go-go dancer type people. Yes, the balcony is crowded and filled with tons of smokers. Yes, it is a little tacky - red decor, buddhas, and bamboo looking accents. Yes, the drinks aren't cheap. Yes, there are a lot of bachelor/bachelorette parties going on. But here's the thing - I think it works. It's got all the right elements: Good DJs playing a mix of top 40s, EDM, and the occasional classic throwback. There are a LOT of bars, and I never waited more than a minute or two to get drinks. People are definitely down to dance, friendly and fun but not overstepping. We had a blast and partied til 430. It may not be as new as XS or Marquee, but it's definitely a good time! Tips-Go early if you can. Standard club etiquette I suppose, but this solves a lot of problems. -Dress up! Girls were wearing really short and tight dresses (e.g. Herve Leger style) and guys were mostly wearing nice jeans, button downs/blazers and loafer-type shoes. It's Vegas! You can't be 'over dressed' :) -Make sure you get in the right line. There is a line for hotel guests, for non-hotel guests, and if you are all girls, you can basically just walk right up to the doorman (sorry boys!). A note on all guy groups - they let the all guys group in behind us right away... but maybe on the weekend if you are a group of all guys, I'd recommend finding a few girls in the line to pair up with and trying your luck in a better ratio than all bros.
4	I liked TAO a LOT more than I thought I would! Veryyyy pleasantly surprised with this place.My friends and I almost decided not to go this night, and I know I would have missed out like crazy. First of all, Snoop Dogg was there that night......... How was I gonna miss my man performing??!!! It ended up being our best night in Vegas thus far. I noticed that many reviews talk about how crowded this place is and blah blah blah. Yeah, the place is crowded. So is everywhere in Vegas. I mean, it's Vegas. Push through the crowd and stop complaining. We had just barely made it during open bar (like seriously within the last MINUTE) so that started off our night very wonderfully. After our first attempt to push through the crowd, we decided to go upstairs instead and got scouted out by some dudes with a table, why not? Chilled on the second floor and realized the one inconvenient thing about this place....the bathrooms oh my god. They sucked so bad, honestly who came up with the stupid idea for having bathrooms outside and having to wait in a big fat line each time. It was the most counterproductive shit, and it was making me really angry. Another thing was the multiple flights of stairs, how are drunk people supposed to make that trek up and down? I managed but it was pretty difficult. The decorations of the place were so elaborate and the way the show was done honestly made up for it all. There were like people hanging from the ceiling and crazy shit going on during the performance that I forgot about anything and everything I had been complaining about. I was literally right in front of Snoop Dogg and the bouncers were super mean and yelling at me for trying to get closer but whatever, I had the most amazing time!!!TAO is an incredible club, if you don't want to spend your whole night there it's definitely at least worth a visit. It was most definitely the most nicely decorated club I've ever seen!
4	DANG! TALK ABOUT CROWDED! We went on a Saturday night! and let me tell you, there were no space for ANYTHING.  The club decorations were great! The music was great! Great place to try out!
2	I am not a fan of Tao.  There are so many people there and the place is always packed.  All the publicity for the place is working well for them, but not so much me.  Unless you have a table, expect to have people constantly bumping into you and drinks spilled on you.  The place has a hip hop room, but when I was there sometime last month, it was closed off.  When I go out, I like to dance, not stand around.  That's nearly impossible to do hear due to so many people.The workers who work here think highly of themselves, just the same as the people waiting to get in.  Some of them were rude and not helpful at all.  A friend of mine had a table, and we had 2 guys with us, and they were not allowed to come up with us to the table, which is crap.  I would much rather go somewhere else less crowded and the employees weren't rude.
1	Good music and nice interior but horrrrrrible security staff. Super rude and pushy. Nowhere to stand without getting yelled at to keep walking.. Unless you drop $2000 on a table good luck getting treated like a regular person. Wouldn't go back after how I was yelled at for not moving fast enough away from "VIP" sections.. Guess I'm to regular chicagoan for all these bottles and bullshit. Ps dont bother with a package. We did and it wasn't worth the 1 hr open bar considering the shitty ass treatment we got..
4	What can I really say? I mean- it's another awesome nightclub in Vegas. I'm not sure if I have anything negative to say about any of the nightclubs I've been to in Vegas (though I have my favorites as you can see from my other reviews). Maybe part of the reason is also because I usually only attend the ones that have been hyped up.Tao is very creative, when I walked in, the first prop I saw was an actual person- seemed to be a common theme. They had one dance room where there was a girl swinging around on a hula hoop that was hanging from the ceiling. Like most other popular clubs, the dance floor gets really crowded but they have multiple dance rooms
2	I try to avoid this club. It takes forever to get in and if there's a special guest, forget it unless you have a table. Soo so crowded, it's hard to find a comfortable place to stand on the main level let alone dance. Music wasn't that great most nights I've been here. Don't like the hip hop room very much. The last time I was there, they weren't even playing hip hop in there. Don't go here if you're not VIP.
3	Came here on a Thursday 4/25/2013 around 11:PM the lines were very short walked right in for free since i was on a list. I was pleasantly surprised of how spacious this place was. First time here the lower level is more of a Lounge Area then some stairs up to the main room which was pretty packed which i don't mind.Cons: - DRESS CODE, DRESS CODE!!! saw some people in t-shirts and sneakers. Idk if they are those ballers that can afford a table and get in however they want but dont expect me to get all fancy if your not going to enforce a dress code.- One of the Bartenders by the entrance was really RUDE! some white blond chick which i asked for a drink recommendation and she just blew me off. Sorry no Tip for you then! - That little balcony outside is very tight, i mean i like the view but its small. -Once again this is one of those Table clubs, dance floor is small, and gets packed soon.-OH! and if your dancing outside the dance floor area the guards tell you to stop. Weird!Pros: - The Entrance was themed nice!- I like the lazers and light setup.- The bathroom staff was pretty nice.- The downstairs area is a nice place to come back and mingle/ relax and sit on couches and plays different music.    (They were playing Spanish when i was there).- I found drinks to be cheap (Vegas Cheap) at an average of $13- A guy bartender on back of Dance Floor gave me Free water. Thank you! He got a good tip. - The music was a good music im more of an EDM head but this place had good hip-hop and Electro mix which i enjoyed.Overall i will come back to this place. I liked it. The confetti was cool, But I Wouldn't Pay a price i would pay at MARQUEE or XS to get in.
4	Always a great time a Tao.It does get crowded sometimes, but i've never had a bad time there. It's my go-to club, plus the food at the restaurant is pretty good too
5	We went to Vegas last weekend to celebrate my birthday. We bought a VIP package online for Tao which included a 3 course meal and table with bottle service. This package was an awesome deal! The food was incredible! I thought the portions were very generous. After dinner, we went upstairs to the club. The nightclub was a lot of fun. We danced for hours. Our cocktail waitress was very attentive and was a sweetheart.  I would highly recommend booking the VIP package. It was a great value for what we paid. I will definitely book this again on my next trip!
4	A lot of fun. It was pretty crowded when I went, but the energy was awesome.
4	Unst unst usnt unstThat's what it sounds like in TAO. But it's a good vibe indeed. 1. Make sure you're a girl. Sorry bros.2. Get on VIP guest list...free entry and front of the line/first to enter. 3. Get there early for open bar (ladies only)4. Dance the night away! The place get's crowded but the atmosphere is legit. Cool decor and lighting. Friendly bar staff. Good music. And for all you dudes out there there's of course good looking ladies dancing...even some nearly naked ones (employees obviously). Upon entering you are guided through the restaurant and up the stairs into a decently sized venue. This is certainly one of the better clubs in Vegas and comes highly recommended from moi.
1	i went here once many many moons ago and then again recently.. this club is too damn small.. there also way too many kids here..
4	i guess the promoters there actually made my first experience here better...we skipped the long line as we got brought in, first floor was kinda empty for a Friday night, second floor was packed.music there wasn't great but didn't bum me out either. we had a few drinks then my friend complained there weren't enough Asian (seriously ...) and that's when we left. wish i could stay longer!but overall i had a good time there.
4	I usually hate clubs, but really enjoyed myself here (I'm sure drinking helped lol). Yes, it was crowded, but I was in Vegas, at a popular club, so I wouldn't expect any less.
4	Beautiful club, music was just whatever until they started actually playing songs - the whole techno thing ain't for me.  Lisa the bartender was awesome!   Will be back for dinner for sure!
5	Love, Tao! Everytime we go there we have a blast, and we never have an issue getting in, we don't have to wait in line or anything, drinks are pricey, but its Vegas....We've done bottle service before, and I like how the wait staff doesn't rush you to finish your bottle/bottles like they do in most clubs.Love the decor, and the girls behind the glass.Always a good vibe, even after years of going there, it hasn't gotten old like most Vegas clubs.
3	The dance floor is always super packed.  Walking in and seeing the ladies who work there in the bathtub was very interesting.  I just wish the dance floor was bigger because there's seriously no room to move.
2	Honestly, I have no idea why people love this place. There's hardly any room to move at all, because everyone wants in. The club was so full at one point that they would only let us be outside, we couldn't even get inside. When we were finally able to get inside, I didn't want to be there any more. The rooms they have are small and the dance floors even smaller. This club is honestly all about the bottle service. They make it impossible to get any kind of drinks and they just don't have any standing room at all. The music was ok, but I really expected sooo much from them, being TAO and all.  Also warning to everyone, people can smoke inside so it makes it really hard to breath, because the smoke just hangs in the air. Overall I would have to say save your money and time. This is not what it's all built up to be. I'm not quite sure why celebrities think this club is hot. Everything is over priced and the music is ehh....
5	We went to TAO 5/25/13 for my brothers bachelor party. As the best man it was my job to plan. I googled Vegas pool parties and found jackcolton.com The site provides contact info for club promoters and VIP services. I emailed Matt Pearson from VIP Services at TAO about my options. We had 16 guys, and anyone can tell you, that's a nightmare to get in to a club, especially on a holiday weekend. Matt was awesome, he gave me several cost options for table/bottle service, he met us at the door and got us right in, and once we got to our table, the service was awesome. I definitely recommend any group and certainly any group of guys contact Matt. Matt.Pearson@taogroup.com
4	Oh Tao, what can I say about you. I still love to come here over the years but there are nights when I wonder why. It is always so crowded that there is always a gridlock on the dance floor. Must be aggressive if you want to get through that crowded dance floor to find space for your group to dance. Also, you will be forced to get up close and personal with everyone close to you. Including that clutzy guy that stomps on your feet while he dances or that drunk chick who spills her drinks all over your dress. Yes, that happens very often. There will be someone who's arm accidentally smacks someone in the face. Yet, at the end of the night/early morning, I had a good time as I'm walking out of the club with my group.
2	Ugh...I wish I could say I liked this place more since I was here to see Kaskade!! Unfortunately, this place just didn't do it for me. I appreciate their efforts of re-entry but I'm afraid to say that it makes the place WAY too crowded. A couple of other concerns tao...1. I didn't like the hip hop room and thought it was rather awkward 2. Why are there tables in the hallway/walkway area? What's the point of that...you can't see anything! 3. Every bathroom I used was gross and dirty (in my opinion) no toilet seat covers, etc. 4. Way too many Asians 5. Lastly, I was told by multiple employees that Kaskade would start his set at 1. That was a lie. (Boo) Sorry Tao, I'd rather spend my night somewhere else
2	I never went clubbing in Tao's heyday, unlike seemingly every AZN from Irvine/San Jose/San Gabriel. Maybe it was better five years ago, because it seems to suck now. With XS, Marquee, Light, Tryst, Surrender, and Hakkasan in town, I see absolutely no reason to ever step foot in here, except maybe to get on their open bar deals through a girl friend. Came here for Memorial Day Weekend. Everyone in our group got in free for Kaskade because we had somewhat of an even ratio of girls/guys for the guest list and yet we ALL ended up leaving early because it sucked so bad. With all the advertising Tao does, it's pretty clear that all they care about is quantity over quality - the mishmash crowd reflects that. In line there were some people who clearly had never been clubbing before (baseball caps to a club??), as well as some serious cougars who really had no business being anywhere in a Vegas nightclub. Half an hour - that's how long I stuck it out at here, before I gave up and got the F out. HOLY S*IT, THIS PLACE IS SO CROWDED. I could not move! It took me ages to find the bathroom and the line was so long, with me being at the bursting point, I just gave up and left the club. Tao has clearly been displaced by the better clubs in Vegas; I would not be surprised if it goes the way of Pure and caters to an increasingly ghetto crowd.
4	We came here on our first night in Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend (MDW) 2013.  I've actually come to this club on a separate occasion during a Thanksgiving weekend so I kind of knew what to expect.  Asian theme, girls in bathtubs, a packed dance floor, and a crowded bar.  Yup, Vegas.Being Asian themed, I did see a good amount of Asians, but not so much where it felt like the majority.  The demographics were very mixed and well balanced in my opinion, as I think Vegas is as a whole.  This city is so great at bringing all sorts of people together!Arriving around 10:30pm, the line was already ridiculously LONG.  Like wrap around the hotel, wait an hour in line LONG.  So make sure you get there early!  There wasn't a special event there or anything; just the fact that it was MDW I guess.  A plus was that girls got in free with the guest list (just talk to a promoter), but because it was MDW and guys wanted to make SURE they got in, the guys in our group bought pre-sale $40 tickets (though I'm honestly not sure if they needed it).Once we got in, we saw that the dance floor was pretty packed.  We headed to the bar since ladies could drink free til midnight!  We girls definitely took advantage and drank up!  HUGE PLUS since most Vegas clubs will charge $13+ per drink!  So lesson learned: make sure you talk to a promoter to find out what kind of specials are going on.  Even though Tao might not be the most "happening" (new) place as Hakkasan, XS, Marquee, etc., I will definitely take free drinks over all those overly busy clubs, PLEASE!Decor in comparison to the "newer" clubs is a little lacking, but still a clean(ish), classy place.  The dance floor does get a little hot and sweaty (gross) though, but that's probably because it's so big and always so packed.Bottom line: Terrible line (so come early), but great promotion, great club, beautiful hotel, and good times all around.  A comfortable and reliable club in Vegas in my opinion!
1	I was disappointed, security guys were crappy,line was crappy and music was crappy... But inside was pretty and updated...
3	My friends and I went to Tao Nightclub early in the night when it was still pretty dead.  We came back 3 hours later and it was absolutely packed.  The music was good for dancing, but the dance floor was small.  The balcony has a nice view and drinks are decently priced.Fun venue, but when it gets that packed it's a little much.  I wouldn't spend my entire night there but it's a good place to start.
1	Worst venue in Vegas. Overly crowded; most of the time I was only able to have one foot on the ground. If there was a fire everybody would die. Save your money and go somewhere else.
3	I really wouldn't have given this club much thought if a promoter haven't stopped me and my friend while we were cutting through the Venetian casino. But because we did, we were able to get free entry into the club. Supposedly the trendiest club in Vegas, the line was pretty long. In fact, the shortest way in was if you supposedly stayed at the Venetian. When we finally got in (please don't sit on those mini pools in the entrance, it's not stable), the area was crowded. We were stamped and directed to head upstairs to the open bar area where we were able to find a nice non-crowded area with an available bartender at all times. Overall it was pretty nice (granted it was about 10-11:30pm). It wasn't until later in the evening that the area became more crowded and it was hard to even squeeze through to the restrooms. And the random guys that try to hit on girls there? Not hot. Alcohol must give a lot of courage!
2	I really did not like this place. One of my friends met a so called club promoter at a pool party in Vegas and told her to gather some friends and come on over to the club. Which we did and they sat us at a booth which was awesome.Now for the now so awesome part. That booth they sat us at well yeah they also sat 10 other people there and they said all they will ask for is us to tip the waitress 20 dollars. Well we tip her 20 dollars they brought us 3 small bottles of water down vodka and expect us to share it with the 10 other random people they just sat at your booth after you and your friends just paid over a few hundred in tips. And after those 3 water down bottles were gone mainly from the random people sitting at your booth they expect you to pay at least a 100 dollars for another bottle what a joke.The Only good thing about this place is that it was at the venetian which was the hotel we were staying at and it is very nice in there. Maybe it would be different if we didn't get in through a shady so called club promoter which we also seem pocketing the tips that were suppose to be for the waitress.
3	To be honest. I have nothing against Tao. I love the club. Great environment the music is always good, there's two rooms. One plays EDM and house and is insane, there's the other smaller dance floor that still gets pretty insane. One thing I super love about Tao is the entrance, first it's like a cave, then there's a nice long hallway and stairs and you're able to view the restaurant below. In fact, Tao was my favorite nightclub in Vegas for quite a while. The only thing I say that knocks Tao down is that it has become too popular if that makes sense. I say that as in it became a destination. I had so many people from out of town always keep asking and wanting to go to Tao  it ended up becoming too oversaturated. Even more so than other clubs on the strip. Of course as usual with clubs, drinks are incredibly overpriced. However there is a light on the horizon, my last visit there was really good, and with Hakkasan and all these other major clubs, It's definately in position to become an enjoyable destination again
4	4 stars because of the sweetest bouncers and my awesome promoter. We were in for Dash Berlin, and my promoter comp-ed all the extra guys under my name for me, free of charge, and didn't need any girls to walk in with them. That was because a previous promoter my friend booked our table with didn't allow more than 5 guys into the table (which was TOTAL BS. sigh, my friend was totally G'ed) But the bouncers were very nice and told me I didn't even need to walk out with my ID to bring the other boys in (which alot of other places in Vegas make u do when the girls comp the boys in)This place is ALSO a place full of sardines. It's incredibly packed, but I really couldn't complain. We had a table. We then shifted to the VIP table right next to Dash Berlin. I got to see one of my favorite DJs up close and personal, and he made it rain and money was falling all around me - It was fun. I picked up the money just to give throw it back down to the other crowd - haha. Awesome strobe lights too. I was a happy camper.
3	Tao gives off this really cool vibe, where you feel like you've found this secret dark cave full of dancing people and clay Buddhas. We were on the VIP list, so we made it to the very top of Tao, where we took our drinks (which were not very good, but whatever) to the two dance floors on the top level. There are also a plethora of couches.I have to agree with many of the other reviews; Tao is just too crowded. The dance floor was so hard to navigate, especially since there are all of these roped off areas that you can't see in the dark, and the couches are really hard to get around. And all those stairs in heels? Eek. Overall, Tao was a very, very cool club, if only it was less crowded.
2	Probably my least favorite club in Vegas. Even with a table it becomes too crowded and when Vegas is over 110 a small over crowded club becomes a sweat box. Trying to squeeze thru the mass just to get to the over crowded bar is not my ideal hot spot
5	TAO nightclub lives up for Vegas. I got in for free, and got free drinks as well?? As much as I want! The bouncer was nice enough to provide me VIP drinks with the tickets he handed me. I have no idea how I got this, lol. Great music. As a clubber vulture, I live up for this one. This is my 2nd club in Vegas and I had an amazing time. The Asian decors are super astonishing. I will probably come back here when I'm back to Sin City.
1	I came here for a friend and I's birthday from Atlanta.... We were treated horribly. Our entire Las Vegas experience has been phenomenal until this. I am a lifestyle blogger and this will def be on my list of things NOT to do. The club is beautiful I wish the security would have been as great. One of the guards actually put his hands on one of my friends..... I was yelled at like I was a man  for not understanding which way to go..... Security guard got directly in my face to the point he spit on me. I have never had this bad of an experience in ANY club in any city. I suppose they could care less about people having a great experience since they bring in so many patrons. The guest celebrity host Lebron James, I'm sure would have been floored if he knew how badly people were treated. We should have listened to locals  when they told us not to come here. Better luck tonight!Naeemah Jade
1	I got two free tickets and two free drinjs and I still regret going. It was awful. Was packed in like sardines iy was 10000degrees. No room to walk or do anything. One of the worst experiences at a club ever sucks so hard. Hated it
5	This was my first club ever when I went to Vegas for the first time. And I had the time of my life. We arrived around 11/12 and had no problem getting in. A friend of mine had bottle service so we went straight to the table and started drinking. I had never partied so hard in my life lol me and my best friend literally stayed here till it closed. It was a great experience and the music is great and the crowd is cool.
3	Not bad but not great in size. Upstairs was a sauna but you cant wear your swimsuit. Downstairs temp is cool but not the cool place to be. We got bottle service which was legit and the waitresses were as well. I wish the upstairs and downstairs could somehow unite and not feel like two different clubs.
4	Get on the roof! This is where the fun/action is! Came here for Dash/ATB during EDC weekend and had one of my most fun clubbing experiences ever.Make sure to pre-purchase your tickets though, or you'll be waiting in a line forever.
1	The last time I was here, I almost wanted to cry just from the sheer frustration of trying to find the exit out of this sardine can.The decorations I will say is beautiful.  There are beautiful flowers floating on the water, a giant buddha that greets you as you walk in, and girls scattered throughout the club to make it seem more exotic.  But like many Vegas clubs here, it gets SO busy, that you have no option, but to continue to move up the different levels.And move up we did...up and then down, up and then down.  My poor legs and feet thought I was going through a Shaun T insanity workout...wahhh...This up and down trek through the stairs was not by choice.  We were actually trying to get out and asked a few security guards the direction to get out.  Each time we were told something different and each time we ended up having to wait in a ridiculous line.  Were we being punked?? It took us a good 1+ hours to get out!  Based on my last experience at Tao, I vowed never to come back.  The decor is beautiful yes, but I didn't like that my clubbing experience involved me going up and down stairs and being incorrectly directed towards a line that didn't lead to exits for half the time.
1	I don't write very many bad Yelp Reviews. I only do it when its deserved.I went to Tao and purchased a $5,000 VIp table. I was with my wife and a couple.  With the price that we paid I expected great service.  Instead they barely came to our table at all.  They warned us if we didn't get more girls at our VIP table they would move us.  I was with my wife and paid in full.  They didn't care and had the bounces move us out to put in a butch of strippers in the table area.  They even tried to not pay me back.  I would never do this to someone.  Tao thinks they are still the best club in Vegas.  Not anymore!  Go Spend your money at the other new clubs.  I'm filling a complaint with the Better Business Bureau!
5	Best clubbing night we had in Vegas for my Bachelorette! :) SOOO much fun! We went on Friday night and got in free because we were on the list thanks to our friends at FreeVegasClubPasses- went right to the front of the line and headed upstairs to party. All my friends ordered drinks and I had a few sips, those puppies were STRONG! When I didn't order a drink the bartender poured me a water with ice free of charge and without being asked, and told me to have a good evening. So sweet! The music was great, the crowd was great, the ambiance was great, only problem was after we danced for almost two hours in heels, walking down those marble stairs was a liiiiitle bit dicy! Loved it though! Thanks Tao!
1	Over-hyped. Forever to get in, even longer to find the way out! Been there, done that, NEXT!
5	Honestly, one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. It can get crazy and crazy expensive. If you're a girl, dress to impress and it helps you get free drinks from guys as well. It a lot better if you go with a group. Bottle normally start off at $450 a bottle PER 3 PEOPLE. Keep that in mind if you wanna be a baller and spend some fat cash. If you go, go ahead of time. The lines can be a pain and you could be in line for over an hour if you come late. I usually go around 10pm at the latest. I love the levels of the club and the different music. You're sure to spot a celebrity almost any night, even the people who work there I have seen on reality shows. It's a great place to meet new friends, even for the weekend. My favorite place to party at this place is the pool area in Tao Beach. It's perfect. Beers are around 8 or 9 and mixed drinks are 13+. I order a bud light and shot... it was over $20. so that gives you an idea... =\ But you'll have memories forever.
2	The only reason this didn't get one star is because it did have a cool theme.I went a night there wasn't even a famous DJ playing.It was awful, line even for the guest list took forever, it was SOOOO PACKED it was crazy. I couldn't walk, lost all my friends, bathroom line was a damn joke - girls was upstairs and guys was enough for three dudes at a time.But it was way too hot and way too packed to even enjoy yourself. I left in 15 minutes and got my money back.
4	Love everything but this bitch ass bartender girl (Asian) with fake blond hair that uses used cups to serve other people! She did it Infront of me!Someone came a d put the glass in the counter and I requested a drink and she grabbed the used cup the someone put in the COunter to serve me.Make sure cups are clean!!!!!!She had the nerve to lie to my face! So I made her give me a clean cup!
4	Great Dj
5	I went to Tao this past weekend and had the time of my life.  We met a promoter that got me and my 5 girl friends into the club free by 1am (therefore we were able to go to  XS first from about 1030-12).   We went on a Friday night, and the music was awesome!!!  Personally, I dont like the house/techno music too much, but I always prepare myself for it when I head to Vegas (most clubs dont like the whole 'urban" music vibe).   But Tao on Friday played a great mix of everything, from house to hip hop to E40 to Michael Jackson to reggae and back.   I literally danced for 4 hours straight, and didnt even realize it was 4am!   The security guards were awesome, and weren't too aggressive.   And overall, I loved this club and will definitely be back!
4	We came here at like 2 so it wasn't packed..definietly still alot of people in there though. I liked the bursts of cold air...really refreshing. Good times & a great DJ (Vice)
3	I was literally 2 feet away from Dash Berlin that one time, so 4 stars. Just kidding. ish. I went a few times after that and I still stick with the following review.Got in on a guestlist and luckily that sped us past the line that was snaking around the corner. It's insanely crowded for the small amount of space allotted for dancing. If it's a major DJ, you can be prepared to just not move at all and be a sardine in the sea of hairsprayed women and cologned men. They were giving out glow sticks one night and this guy tried to grab it from my hand. You want to mess with a girl in heels? The dude hobbled away.The patio for smoking is sort of precarious. It gets crowded to the point where you feel you might just fall off the side of the building. Be careful!Still, they have huge names coming through, nice decorations, and good times.
5	Great place. I can't wait to return!
3	3.5 STARSI've never been to TAO before so my cousin decided that we should go there on our first night in Vegas. We contacted a promoter and he put us on his guestlist and told us to make it in time for open bar since it was "ladies night".Having been to XS (http://www.yelp.com/biz/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2#hrid:5eafLkuYFaYMiOa2BRCeYA) , the mecca of Vegas clubs, TAO disappointed a bit in the decor department but it's very dimly-lit and I loved all the plush, red colors. It's a very beautiful club located in The Venetian, but just a little on the smaller side. There were different levels of the club, but we stayed in the main room. We were going to go somewhere else but I'm so glad we stayed because we got to see Dash Berlin, who was AMAZING! Getting drinks was easy and I really appreciated the open bar! The dancefloor was pretty crowded but when you have a big DJ, that's expected. VIP tables are located all around the dancefloor and upstairs overlooking the club. I'm glad we spent our first night in Vegas at TAO - between the open bar, Dash Berlin, and the new British friends we made, it was an amazing night! ;)
3	This place is your typical Vegas hotspot; overcrowded, overpriced, super douchy doormen who for some reason feel they completely matter. I guess people feel their lives will end if they don't get inside certain clubs. LOL! We did have some fun inside, but it wasn't easy or comfortable. Even the people with bottle service seemed irritated because it was so easy for non-bottle poppers to be in their immediate vicinity blocking their view of everything. What is the purpose of having bottle service if you have to stand the entire time, you might as well go to the bar.
2	Dinner was decent tasting but a bit overpriced.  Medium hungry group of 7 guys and just two $45 bottles of sake and the bill was $500.  The club was alright, but didn't live up to the hype really.   I guess it was an OK option to get dinner and skip the cover, which is a decent strategy in Vegas.  I would say that the food was better and the club just as good at LAVO even though it's smaller.
4	Been here twice. First time was fun. Second time not.The place is huge though like a lot of Vegas clubs, which makes it cool by itself though. There are go go dancers which make it kind of sexy too. What I like here is that it is easier to get in, if you go to dinner here you can get a stamp or wristband to get in later without waiting in line. Good reliable spot to go to if the night doesn't take you anywhere else.
4	came here on a Thursday night and it was a good size turnout.  Not over packed with people but still a full dance floor.  There are several rooms and dj's spinning different style music.  It's fun to walk around and dance to different types of music.  The club is quite large and if you are in a big group of friends you can lose people.  So do a buddy system especially when the hallways get too crowded people get held back or side track.
1	I was just illegally detained and then searched in a back room of this club after paying for entry. Despite finding nothing, they still kicked me out and would not escort me to find all of my friends who were still inside. If you value your rights, do not go to this club.
2	OH Dear TAO .You disappointed me. Well actually I kinda knew you would disappoint me .. because I have been hearing how LAME you have become, but I still wanted to give you a chance. ( You were kind of affordable too )It was a thursday night near the end of August. I came to Vegas for the Magic Week, and I wanted to enjoy Vegas for a day with my friend. Since he did not want to spend much money on Clubbing, I only had few choices. 10 Dollars for Girls, 20 Dollars for boys. Waited on General Admission, and we got inside after 20-30 minutes. My friend first hesitated to go to Tao because " Tao - " is something he likes in Buddhism. I was, you know... trying to tell him it's just a theme they chose... but damn ... I was surprised. I was wondering if  any Buddhist would take this place offensively. Its very cool interior to me though. I really enjoyed their decor regardless of some ignorance towards Buddhism culture. People on thursday were nothing impressive.Couple cute girls, ( None of those girls can beat their go-go dancers though. ) and mediocre-looking men... ( nothing special.. sigh..) Maybe I am little spoiled by LA-club scene. I am not saying LA club scene is awesome, but they do have lots of Actor / Model wannabes. ( = More eye candies ) I shall definitely go to Other clubs next time like XS.I would probably never come back unless they would have an amazing DJ. As people have been saying, the glory days of Tao has gone.
3	I hate to say this about a Vegas club, but I'm going to have to say it.  I've been here a total of 4 times thinking that each time will get better, but it doesn't.  I've given up on trying to see the best in this place.  Each and every single time, it's been abusively crowded!  There's nothing appealing about that!!  I get that clubs get packed, but there has to have been some fire code violation because that place was ridiculous! The bouncers are such douche-bags even when unprovoked; I can hardly imagine what they're like when they are provoked.  (i.e. calling my friend slow and talking to her condescendingly isn't professional at all when she was asked to move out of the walk way but there wasn't any friggin room to move....AT ALL)The only reason I'm giving this club an extra star is because the promoter actually came through for me and the music wasn't half bad when I was there this past weekend.  Shout to Eric S.!!  But for everything else at Tao, absolutely abysmal....I'm definitely NOT COMING BACK.
5	I hadn't planned on writing a review for Tao, but as I read some of the negative responses, I felt compelled to.  First of all, this is Vegas, this is one of the hottest night clubs on the strip.  If you show up in jeans and your wife beater, your not getting in.  So if you think the bouncer is judging you, you are correct.  And I thank them for that.  I don't go out in Vegas to hang with the trash that blew in from the trailer park.  I would suggest to check the website to see what DJ or live show may be happening the night you plan to go, but I have never been disappointed.  Very crowed and a younger crowd, but exactly what I was looking for.   A must go if you are looking to have a fantastic night!
1	I was really excited to go to the club. Since we were staying in the hotel we only had to wait a minute to get in. The night was set to be a great one because Bruno Mars was performing.  The night went from great to crap in a short period of time. The club did nothing to control the crowd and what was fun one minute became a bunch of angry people pushing on the dance floor. The situation got so out of hand my phone ended up being stolen and my license went missing. The bouncer saw that I was upset and told me to take a business card and to call the next morning at 9am, which was mirrored by the woman at the front. When calling the next morning I was given two different times to call and by the third time I called they told me their security staff didn't even get in until 2 PM. I physically went back at 2 and requested the lost and found log. The woman barely glanced at the sheet when she told me Nothing was turned in. 2 weeks later a Good Samaritan mailed my license back, and when we spoke she said her phone had been stolen as well at he same club. The staff did nothing to help her. Sounds to me like this club is either being targeted by thieves or they have a shady staff that likes to pocket lost and found items. My advice is to stay away from this one. You'll either get trampled or robbed!!!
4	Good place, some areas were packed though and The bartenders are pretty fast even though the place is over flowing. The music was sick (house) by some chick dj. She was good. I think upstairs was hip hop I can't remember I was drunk.
5	Got in with the V card, VIP line. so worth it.
2	Hmmmmm, really torn on this place. I read and heard that they pack people in here like sardines and low and behold... the rumors were true!So this club is the second floor of a restaurant so you have to walk through the dining room to get to the stairs. This is cool for those heading to the club but I am sure weird to those dining. There are 3 rooms upstairs and then another set of stairs that leads to the rooftop pool. Couple things... I went for Kaskade so the majority of people here wanted to be in the main room to catch him so everyone was stuffed, yes STUFFED, in here at an uncomfortable rate. So the other rooms were much more comfortable but you didn't want to be away from the action. Also, the other rooms have TVs of the DJ but they were terrible quality, really terrible. So head upstairs to enjoy the pool on a gorgeous evening but they weren't even streaming Kaskade's live set that was just downstairs so that was pointless.Headed back to the main room and checked out the ladies bathroom... here is where it gets even more weird. Head up the stairs where you have to wait in line along the balcony for one of the 3 people working the bathroom to lead you to one of the stalls. Now, get ready for it, there are NO LIGHTS inside the restroom. Some have candles, some do not. Those working use flashlights to check them and then you are left to fend for yourself once inside. I saw some girls using flashlights but then you could see in the stalls... your best bet is to let the club lights flash randomly and hope you don't slip. Yep, it's real ladies and gentlemen. I think they were going for "sexy" but this is just straight weird and I was stone cold sober and was worried I would pee on myself. So the sound quality is great so that is awesome but for the amount of people they allow in, wow... not sure it's worth it. Luckily Kaskade played an extended 7 1/2 hour set some most people were gone by 5am and after that it was incredibly enjoyable and we rocked till 8am. Overall just super weird but I would check it out again is K played or no famous DJ was playing.
1	Trashy club. Not much diversity and the crowd is cookie cutter. The bouncers were polite but know that I am female.  Really packed shoulder to shoulder at one point with no air circulation and people were pushing. I went to see Wiz Khalifa in June so this review is a little late. They don't enforce the dress code so females are dressed janky and acting like it . . . Shorts, sandals, and flip flops. Ew. The girl models in the display looked angry and judgemental. The girls dancing hired by the club were on drugs. Not a classy club at all.
2	Your usual overpriced, overrated, overcrowded nightclub. We were promised free drinks. When we got there they told us that the free drinks special promotion ended. There are much better places to go in Vegas.
3	On our first night, we went out to TAO nightclub. I got passes from my workplace which was valid for TAO nightclub, Tao beach, and LAVO at the Palazzo. We didn't have any issues getting into TAO nightclub. The restaurant is located on the first floor. We went upstairs to check out the club only to find that only VIP seating was available. So basically you had to be a celebrity or pay a good amount of money to be able to sit at a table. Otherwise, you will be standing the whole night. We just sat downstairs in the restaurant area and still had a good time. I loved the layout of this place!
4	Tao is great if you get a table with bottle service. In the VIP section you have your own security of course and your own set of bathrooms. The private bathroom scored this place major points! The music was top 40 remixes and the atmosphere was pretty cool. There were beautiful ladies up high in old fashioned bubble baths just hanging around but they were covered by the bubbles so no nudity. It was tasteful and I thought it was interesting to see. If I didn't have a table I probably wouldn't have rated so high but that's with anywhere I think. I like being in restricted areas. Anyway, BIG points scored at the end of the night when I was leaving and of course by then my feet were killing me. On my way out the door I was handed my very own set of Tao flip-flops as a parting gift to walk home in. I love them for this and my feet thanks them and gives them an extra star for that one!!!
1	I dont usually write reviews on clubs unless I either really like them, or want to warn people not to go. In this case Id definitely like to give people a heads up before they waste anytime at this spot. I think TAO is probably one of the most overrated clubs on the strip, its super mainstream so everyone knows about it, and because of it everyone and their mom tries to go, AND gets in.We got there fairly early, just before 12 spent a few mins upstairs at the bar over by the restrooms, just to get a good buzz going. But soon the club began to pack, and we realized our little spot would be the place to stay and dance for most of the night.First off the club gets obnoxiously packed, to the point you are weaving and dodging people if or when we want to get anywhere. If you want to go to the restroom good luck, the restrooms are located next to the bar and are connected to a smaller space that connects to the back part of the club. It was a nightmare to get through or just exit, security yelling, people standing trying order drinks, trying to use the bathroom, trying to move or exit, a complete mess.Then if you try and go on the main dance floor, its a joke, they pack you so close you literally have NO personal space, you have someone in back of you, next to you in, front of you. You literally are jumping up and down to the beat because you cant really dance. Security stands at the entrances to the dance floor so as soon as the floor packs, they will deny anyone entry.We headed to one of the other floors, which was a mission within itself (again to many people), and when arriving were met with the same obstacles as the main floor.  If you are visiting and want to make this one of the clubs you are hopping around to before you hit another club (you got a deal/promotion etc.), by all means go to it. But don't make this your one stop club destination for the night because you will be disappointed. I love to party, dance and enjoy myself in a great (semi-spacious) atmosphere, TAO will definitely not be on my itinerary whenever I party in Vegas. Ever.
1	Big Disappointment! If I can give it a ZERO, I would!Paid $900 for the VIP Bottle Service.  We went in a group of 10.  We were treated so very well at beginning and at the end,they basically acted like they did not know who we were. They talked to us by name the entire time.  I was tossed out because I felt sick, went up stairs to the bathroom and threw up.  It was so hot and humid from the fully packed people.  People were literally dancing on each other on the dance floor.  I wonder if they even have a limit capacity.  Anyways, a bouncer escorted me up to the casino floor, told me that they had found my husband and that he would come out to meet me at the entrance.  15 minutes later, he never showed up.  Asked one of the bouncer by the door to see if he knew what was going on.  He said to ask the other guy which turned out to be the guy who took us to our VIP booth and accepted our credit card.  Asked him if he remembered who I was, he said yes.  I told him that the other bouncers told me my husband would meet me by the entrance.  Showed him, my "X" on my risk cause I couldn't go back in.  His face totally changed and acted like he did not who I was and said he has no way of helping me.  Really? He was the guy who took our card and escorted us.  My party was literally looking for me all the place.  They asked the clean ladies upstairs by the bathroom and they said they never saw me.  LIARS!   Trust me, they are just after your money.   Once you are done with the drinks from the bottle service, they are done with you.  No need to tip their waiters and waitresses.  They are so fast to clean your booth and bring in a new group. They brought new ppl to our booth while my party was still their.  Their VIP sucks so bad.  They put 2 parties in one both.  There's no separation between you and the other party.  If you request, they'll just have a bouncer to come in between.  Take your money elsewhere.  And for an actual real VIP booth, please go somewhere else unless you want to pay $$$$ and share with someone else.  We went to Encore the second night and had a blast their.  Love the Venetian, hate the CLUB!
4	Pretty good club. My friends and I have a good time here every time we come. Thursdays nights here is actually pretty popping cause its worship night or something. The ratio of girls vs guys is good since then won't let guys go in alone pretty much. So either bring girls or bribe someone so you can line up with them! Entry was smooth but the line moved a little slow even though we were on the guest list. Dance floor is pretty small but nothing matters when your're drunk! There's a big bar before you enter the dance floor (you really can't miss it). Music was really good and the ambience was awesome. I'd definitely come back here over clubs like XS which are overhyped and full of sausages.
4	What is the best part about bottle service in Vegas? You get to party ALL NIGHT LONG! In Hollywood you are booted from your table at 1:59, but not in Sin City.-i suggest booking your bottle service with a promoter and not with Tao staff. Originally we booked with Tao directly and I had to negotiate down to $1,100+ service= $1,400 for 2 bottles of Grey Goose (for 14 girls). Though that may have originally been for the lower level vs the upper level where we ended up, I don't know. Miraculously we ran into a promoter in Vegas who instead got us a $450 bottle with 1 free bottle, totaling $700 after service. The area where our table was located (upper level) had this great elevated space at the back of the booth where we danced all night. The venue- -Very loud DJ, your ears will ring the next day, but this is to be expected. -AMAZING special effects from lasers to confetti to this bubble/foam sprinkling down, to mostly naked Asian models bathing in rose petal tubs..-Throughout the night there were a few DJ's spinning house music, some better than others.-The dance floor is extremely packed so overflow goes into the bottle service areas. Women who had been let in for free with bracelets pushed through our section and butted up against our table- too packed. At one point I couldn't get back into our section because it was so full. Excuse me??? We have a table unlike these 100 bitches standing around in my section.-It's a very young crowd here with A LOT of women. Didn't see attractive men in their 30's, I have to be honest. Also, some guy tried to snatch one of our iphones IN OUR SECTION! We had him kicked out of the club.-Okay, back to the good. Our bottle service was attended to well. We never ran out of mixers and we were checked on regularly.
1	Tao is incredibly overstuffed with pompous people. The main dance floor is far too busy to enjoy yourself. You begin sifting through bodies of people and realize that it's not worth it the effort.I've been to other nightclubs on the Strip and I was looking forward to this place considering the hype. I was left with a boring experience.  Big frills, few thrills.
3	I love how i came here on Halloween to watch Wiz Khalifa perform! It was fun and downstairs is House Music as well while upstairs is Hip Hop! It was crowded and the crowd seemed pretty ghetto, wait scratch that, most of them where ratchet females but hey i was drunk and came to have a good time for my girl's 21st birthday! Anyways, the bartenders were cool and the music was great. I was on guest list and didnt have to wait in line. Security is strict like every other club out here in Vegas. The set up was pretty cool as well and the lighting. I wouldnt expect this club to be at the Venetian though. If your not a fan of EDM then this club would be for you.
1	Save your money, this place is overly crowded -- you spend most of your time trying to find some personal space more than anything else. Needless to say, you can't dance... nope, no room for that. The first time was a bad experience for me because of how crowded the place was, nonetheless, I gave it a second try. Well, the second time, I was there for Halloween... and let me tell you, that turned out worse. I was denied entrance: (1) I'm not Asian, (2) I was there with my boyfriend, and (3) I didn't "look" like my I.D. I had blond hair back then, yes, I looked different. Lets see, it is HALLOWEEN! Not only do we dress-up on this day (costume, colored-contacts, etc.) - I also have black hair now. I sure as hell am not going to update my photo every time I color my hair.. WTH? Ridiculous. It all worked-out in the end as we ended up trying out Rio's Roof-top Lounge and loved it. I love to party and enjoy myself as long as I'm in a great (semi-spacious) atmosphere. Okay, maybe it doesn't have to be great and super spacious, but I do need some personal space, especially if i want to dance. Blah! TAO will definitely not be on my itinerary ever again!
3	Visited 11/16/13. Our party had 2 girls and 4 guys on a promoter's guest list. They have a 1/1 ratio so 2 of our guys still had to pay. The guy who checked my name off was nice I guess, which is very unusual because all of the Vegas bouncers I've come across are complete assh*les for absolutely no reason. It's like they hate their job and believe they have to be d*cks to everyone to make a statement.Anyway, the little biatch (Tall, skinny, Asian, dark hair, wish I had asked for her name) at the register was so rude... again for no reason. I get it, you have a long line and  you deal with idiot party people on a nightly basis, you hate being the cashier at a nightclub, but that gives you no right to be such a bitch to people; it's called customer service. Find another job if you can't handle your "long line".Inside its ridiculously packed; but that's expected from a popular LV nightclub. Girls got free drinks for an hour, the bartenders were all females, very nice, and made very good drinks. Had AMFs, Long Islands, and some Red Bull Vodkas. Could not get on the dance floor because we literally did not fit. There was absolutely no room to even attempt to walk through people; such a hazard. We had to stay pinned to the walls because we didn't fit on the dance floor and you are not allowed to stand around the walkways... so we didn't really know what to do. Besides my thirst for customer service before you enter this place: the drinks were free and got the job done, the music was dope, I give props to the performers, and I had an ok time. I won't say I had a blast though... it was too packed to dance anywhere. So we took off in the middle of the night and went to the Ghost Bar at the Palms. I've also reviewed them on my experience. ;)
1	We planned my daughters 21 st birthday here.  We used a Vip service. There was 20 of us.  The doormen never let my daughter in and we were all upstairs waiting for her.  on Halloween they wouldn't let her in with her costume, a teddy bear..???...If you want to get pick pocketed go to this club!  They took it from his front pocket ! There is a pro crew running with the management , they are letting these crooks in. As if it wasn't expensive enough !  $2000.00. For four bottles....  it gets WORSE...Don't take your wallet ! They charge for water too !  With table service ... Arghhhhh a horrible and very dangerous venue... You Cant get out, only down one stair case you have to get down three flights of stairs with 5,000 others.  They know about the pick pocketing and they are still letting them in. They said our wallet will show up in the morning when they clean up .... No.     I met another victim at the airport too, also identity theft. Credit card fraud. No ID either what a hassle at the airport.  Tao RUINED  our trip...
4	Nice venue! Nice DJ! Really love DJ Five for the night :DIt was a Saturday Night, and we were let in pretty fast. And we played till morning. Again, love the DJ, all the great mixes! The dancing pool is indeed overly crowded, that's why it's not 5 star. But I can understand, and no one wants wait in line forever, right?Love it.
4	This is my third time at TAO nightclub.  Each time I go the club seems to get smaller, though I understand this can differ depending on how busy Vegas is that weekend.  I'd give it 4 stars this time around.Came here using Palazzo's Winter in Venice deal.  Did the same thing last year and was able to go straight into the club, no hassle whatsoever.  I showed the same voucher this year and was sent into the GA line.  Okay let me just say one of the appeals of this deal at all is not having to wait in a line and being able to go straight into the club.  That being said, it was still free admission for me and two buddies of mine so there's not much I can complain about there.  The deal did promise a free drink voucher though, which they did not uphold because "they ran out."  To get a drink voucher I would have had to exit the club and ask the bouncers.  Ended up just passing on the free drink voucher.TAO had DJ Politik playing that night, on 11/29.  Typical Top 40 hits, didn't really enjoy it as I was waiting for Sultan and Ned Shepard at XS on Saturday night (EDM).  How people can dance to or enjoy Wrecking Ball is beyond me...Drinks are cheaper here than they are at other clubs.  Still very expensive, but the bartender was very cute and that's always a good thing.  Ended up spending more than I would have liked buying drinks, and this was very clear to me towards the end of the night when the bartender stopped in the middle of tending the bar to shake my hand.  I was pretty flattered at the time but now thinking back that probably just meant I had spent a lot of money (which I had) or that I tipped to her liking (read: generously), which I believe I also had.Even though a lot of the club was closed off, TAO still tried to give the night one of those memorable feels by giving out those light up styrofoam wands.  They also spared no expense on glitter... my friend had found glitter in places that you can't (don't want to) imagine while showering after the club.  There was also a girl spinning around in the sky for an entire song, which I can only imagine to be very dizzying, but that was pretty awesome too.  Finally, there was a guy dressed up in tiny mirrors, including a spherical helmet made of mirrors, that came out on one of the better songs.  They directed lights on him so he was shining and dancing throughout the song.  His head resembled a disco ball.I was thinking about giving TAO 3 stars this time but then I remembered how much fun I had.  Sure, it's not as amazing as it used to be, but it's still a lot of fun.
1	DJ sucks for a top rated???   Nightclub!    Why don't you drop the beat?   Ugh.  Save your money and time.   Go to XS or Surrender.     But....food is good in restaurant.
2	I had a good time here, for the most part. We had 3 guys and 1 girl. so I literally just grabbed a couple of girls from the line so that we could all get in free. We got in without a problem, even though I didn't have a collared shirt on. Granted, I still looked fabulous, so there shouldn't have been a problem.We got in, the girls got free drinks, and just gave them to the guys. They went to a different bartender to get drinks for themselves. Super easy.Hours after being in the club I was dancing with a group of girls I literally just met, when I got pulled outside to some emergency exit staircase by a couple of bouncers. They were both twice my size, and very aggressive. It was very uncomfortable for me. They basically told me that they were going to kick me out for not wearing a collared shirt, hours after being in the club, after already being let in. They ended up letting me stay in, because a friend gave me a jacket. I'm pretty sure they were just pressed that they can't meet girls as easily as I can.It was kind of bullcrap, but unfortunately this sort of homophobia is very common in Vegas. I still enjoyed the rest of my night, so whatever...
4	They delivered the party!  Had a blast partying at Tao! My Bouncer Chris was the Business! Kept moochers off my table and assisted in any way possible! Service was there and ROBERT CHITI my host is AMAZING! Thanks Tao!
3	Can we stop for a second and talk about how SMALL the dance floor is? You can't call yourself a premier nightclub in Las Vegas with such a small dance floor! There is enough room in your venue to make your dance floor 3x as large! Just take away those awkward window displays of half naked women please, and expand your dance floor! Otherwise, the venue is pretty cool. Great music (a mix of hiphop and house)! I also love the patio at the back of the club-- great view of Las Vegas strip! Good job, Tao.
4	This used to be my favorite spot in Vegas, until XS opened. The main thing I love about this place is that you get an "all in one" package, You can make reservations at the restaurant, have a couple of drinks then head over to the club and dance the night away. You don't have to rush or take a cab from one place to another and waste time. My only complaint is that it gets WAY too packed after 11pm. To a point where you feel suffocated and end up wanting to leave.
2	I don't get it.  We had bottle service.  The drinks were meh.  The music wasn't much better.  I couldn't get my dance on.  Tao kept launching streamers in the air which of course landed in my champagne each and every time.Strict dress code.*Please keep in mind that I am not a clubber, I like to lounge Hollywood style.
1	Service so poor, they would not even let me in. I came with 6 friends, 3 guys and 4 girls. Excellent ratio, no? We dressed to the nines, waited in line. Got near the front and I was stopped by a bouncer who searched my bag, and then told me that I was not allowed to go in because of my camera gear. It was just my SLR with some lenses and a flash. The bouncer granted entry to everyone else with cameras and smartphones, but not me. Maybe he was also a photography hobbyist and was simply jealous of my equipment? Maybe he was worried about me being a paparazzi, even though my gear was nowhere near paparazzi status and I was clearly here, dressed up, with my friends, to have a good time?If you are going to have customers post photos of your venue on Yelp, they might as well be good photos. Now they can keep their bad photos and bad publicity. I'll keep my Tao Nightclub virginity.
4	A good Vegas club. Not my favorite but I did have fun. They played a good mix of club and hip hop music that kept me dancing most of the night. It can be crowded, especially when a celebrity is there. When I was there in February of 2012, Lil John happened to be there too. He had a vip area on the dance floor that made the area very crowded.
4	Another walk along memory lane.I first came here almost 10 years ago, back again now not much has changed.Service is great, drinks are unique, everything is clean and spacious, I love the decor.Though if you are trying to have a relaxed night out, this is not the place for you, it gets REALLY noisy.Prices are Vegas average and the crowd all over the place, great time every time.
1	Club Tao was actually very entertaining. The music selection was good and very diverse. The interior was spacious with nice decor that complimented the scene in a good way. The only bad thing was a misunderstanding that cut our visit short. I hate to say our race is the reason the situation was handled the way it was, but that's indeed the only reason I can think of. A very nice Vegas club but unfortunately my experiences here have made me not want to visit again.
4	After all these years, Tao is still a heavy hitter in the Las Vegas nightlife scene.The lines still circle out to the shoppes, and the line up/guest appearances are still on point. Although it is crowded, and the layout isn't too friendly for walks to the bathroom... I give it a thumbs up! But ONLY if you are getting bottle service, because where else are you going to stay the whole night??? And you know I'm your girl to contact if you need the hook up on VIP table reservations in Vegas!
3	I always get mixed feelings about this club when I am here. I get lost in the club when I am dead sober. The set up is a little confusing since its a lounge, club, restaurant. One moment I am dancing one moment I am joining an old couple for dinner. But I have to give this club credit for having Avicii in 2010, this was where I discovered my appreciation new artists and the burst of "Levels" and "Penguin" before it changed into "Fade into Darkness". The club has a small dance floor 2 big bars perpendicular to the dance floor. A bigger lounge by the entrance and a smaller lounge in a different room across from the dance floor. Confusing much? I am confused as I write this. The staff here are a little bipolar. There is absolutely no rowdiness when you are in line. You will be charge of drunkenness and they will send your a$$ home. I remember one time my friend's feet hurt so she was limping a bit, and she had to leave the line until she was "sober" enough to stand back in line. The promoters and hosts are the best though, by far the most accommodating for high maintenance bay area girls.
4	We had a bottle service and it was a nice atmosphere. The servers were great and paid attention to what we needed. I could tell they were annoyed with all the people hitting on them, but that is to be expected. The only real problem I had was the dance floor was so packed you couldn't barely move. Also, where a raincoat, girls will spill drinks all over you on the dance floor while dancing. Other than the annoying women coming over wanting free drinks and me constantly telling them no, it's a nice place none-the-less. Packed with good looking women for you to attempt to hit on. Definitely would go back and party there again.
1	This is the most overrated nightclub.  Do not waste your money.  If they wouldn't have so much business they would know how to treat their guests.
5	If it weren't for my pretty, experienced friend who found a promoter, I would not be reviewing this. Tao is pretty dim and loud like a lot of night clubs but the entrance and vibe is impressive. After you walk up the stairs to the club, you immediately walk between two display case of nice looking women quietly looking at you whether it's a look of indifference, flirt, or mystery. It's interesting to look at.The DJ played good, upbeat music, the performers were awesome, the dancers were looking fine, and the crowd was loose. Other than running into 2 old men that were creeping on my friends, it was fun!
3	3.5 *-Located in the Venetian; smaller than I though it was-Waited about 15-20 minutes in line-Got a table with 2 bottles away from the dance floor which I think was the best option-Dance floor hella packed but alot of energy and extras-Table service was good - shout out to our waitress Jennifer who was on point-Mens bathroom with a line all night but not too bad-Good ratio for all u singles out there-Good music-Other than my friend I had to carry out and take back to the hotel, it was a good night
4	First off...I'm tellin you: when you get bottle service, you will have an AH-MAZING NIGHT!!!My crew and I went on a Friday, January 17 when DJ Turbulence was playing. And omgoodness...he had the best mix I've heard in awhile. A mix of EDM, Top 40s, and your old school hip hop/rap. There was a moment where it was East Coast versus West Coast. They played Empire State of Mind and then it mixed into California Love. You know my entourage and I got turn't up that night!!!!Plus rollin' with some VIPS...who couldn't resist drinking $5,000 champagne with all the cocktail waitresses flashing their light sticks on us while we were the center of attention all night long?! ;) BEST NIGHT EVER!!!However....with NO BOTTLE SERVICE...it's a mess in here. The dance floor is usually PACKED to the max. To the point where you can't even get ON the dance floor. But honestly...like all clubs here in Sin City...once you get table service, you're golden.
4	Love Tao. It took a bit for me to actually like it because the first time I went, my phone got stolen. However, my promoter is the absolute best and gets my group in without problems and free drinks for all my gals. I've literally brought a group of 80+ and got everyone in perfectly fine. My friend sometimes DJ's here too so it's very fun to come out and support. I come here quite often, it never lets me down (other than my first time)I love that there are two different spaces for different types of music. They have a lot of  celebs here and the venue is big, but small enough for you to check out the celebs.
4	I was here on a Thursday night with a bunch of my cousins and we had a blast! We got in for free through this promoter my cousin knew so we just had to check in and they let us right on through.  The atmosphere was pretty awesome, when you walk in there are baths filled with rose petals and glass cages with hot women posing. Once you get into the club it is pretty crowded, so definitely not for people who don't want to be touched, but that wasn't a huge problem for us.  There was a good guy:girl ratio so plenty of people to mingle with. **A note for the ladies, you shouldn't have to bring much cash here, there are tons of guys offering to buy. Vegas baby! Overall I would definitely come here again the next time I am in Vegas, lots of fun for girls looking to have a good time. Service was so-so, but considering the crowd it was acceptable. Drinks were a little watered down at the bar so I would recommend bottle service which was excellent.
3	More like 2 and a half stars but I rounded up.  I've only been here once but in my opinion, one time is enough.  So if you don't want to take my opinion then stop reading.  Tao is located inside the Venetian which is a gorgeous hotel.  I stayed at the Palazzo once, which is adjacent to the Venetian and absolutely loved it.  Tao does not live up to the Venetian name.  It is pretty, don't get me wrong, lots of things to look at and a nice cool smoking balcony area, for those of you that smoke.  I don't, by the way.  You enter in through the restaurant then go up the stairs to the club itself, so it is somewhat awkward because you see patrons trying to enjoy their dinner while hordes of girls and guys are walking in ready to party.  Tao is small, so therefore it gets insanely crowded.  If you do not have bottle service you are stuck in the crowd, and trust me it gets very packed, to the point where it is hard to move.  If you have bottle service, you are a lot more comfortable but here comes the question, if bottle service is worth it?  There's an upstairs portion with tables that only people with table service are allowed to go up to.  It is considerably less crowded than the dance floor.The good things about Tao is that there's open bar for ladies before a certain time and that's why I rounded up my stars. Side story: I got accused by the bartender, who was a girl, of passing on drinks to other people, because I wanted to get another drink after she made me one like 5 minutes or so beforehand.  I finished the drink so fast because it was pretty much juice with a splash of liquor but whatever, it was free so I'm venting, not complaining.The off thing about Tao is their upstairs bathroom.  Whoever designed them really had no clue about drunk people.  So it's a clear glass door that gets frosted when you lock it.  So clearly if you're drunk you might forget to lock the door, which is what happened to a friend of mine.  Luckily we saw that she didn't lock it and stood in front of the door hiding her.  No free shows tonight!
4	Tao was a great way to end our Vegas trip!! Great music strong drinks and good vibes! When we were getting ready to leave the door guy gave all of my friends complimentary very cute comfy flip flops so we didn't have to walk back to our hotel in heels! It was an awesome experience I would definitely go again!
5	Went here on a Friday night with my two guy buddies. We got a table and bottle service, bottles started at 450 and go all the way up. We ordered a bottle of stoli and some chasers, the staff was excellent and very accommodating to us. The club got packed and I was very very happy that we had a table. Towards the end of the night we had our table upgraded to directly next to the DJ booth which was awesome for sure.The dance floor is pretty small for Vegas standards so be aware of that. On a cool note there is a balcony with some nice views of the strip. There was a good male to female ratio in the club. Overall a great club experience I would do it again and recommend getting a table and arriving early.
4	This is one of my friends and my fav nightclubs in Vegas. Although it is quite small, especially the dance floor, we found the people there generally pretty nice. We really liked one of the promotors there and he was very friendly and helped us get seated and make us drinks and stuff. He's been working there for a while and we met him last time when we were in Vegas as well.We also liked that they have an open bar from 1030-1115 I think. It's always good to have free drinks. Right? The decorations inside was also pretty interesting. Very Asian. They also have some exhibition ares where sexy ladies lay in the bathtubs filled with rose petals and some other models in a glass room displaying and stuff. They also got some pretty friendly and nice dancers on the stage. Music usually is house music, not weird or anything. Very enjoyable experiences in the past four times I was there.
5	To start, I would like to give a shot out to CJ, Josh, and Olivia who made  our night LEGENDARY!Having never been to Tao, I was highly surprised with my visit last Saturday. Coming up from the escalator, we witness a line waiting to get into the nightclub and were ready for the wait. However, Josh approach my group (all girls) and asked if we wanted to get in for free (YES!) and stated that there open bar till 11:30pm (awesome!). We waited for about 5 minutes with Josh in a rope off area until his friend walked us threw the club's doors. Then, we proceeded upstairs and noticed to the right was the dance room and to the left was a lounge area.Since it was early, we got drinks and hung out in the lounge area. That was when CJ, one the security team, came up to us and asked if we would like to sit down in the table service area. Throughout the night, we took advantage of the open bar and Olivia (our shot girl) for coming back with more shots for us to take! Props to CJ for continue to provide us seating when the tables got bought out. The dance floor is SMALL and some may say a little claustrophobic. But the DJ played great music. A mix of old school, hip hop, top 40, and latin music.
1	Do yourself a favor and skip this place. We got a table, but it was not enough for having excess to the vip area! Come on! Are you kidding me? This is ridiculous! I thought having a table was all you had to do to get some respect. In this place?!? Apparently not. The crowd is very old, which, was not my thing either. All in all, this place hit rock bottom.
1	What kind of night club denies you entrance on a Thursday when its only you 1 person and want you to get table service when its only yourself specially when you are coming out of state that is freaking pathetic okay specially when they say locals its fine makes no freaking sence lame af! avoid go somewhere else on a Thurs. fix your bouncers or yourself as a club #pathetic
1	Can I give negative stars?...if so Tao would get a negative 2,000. I planned my sister's bachelorette party and could not have had a worse time. I paid for a bottle service and they wouldn't let two of the guests who contributed to the table service in... How is one suppose to have fun when not everyone is allowed in?!? I tried speaking to the "manager"of security and was met with pretentiousness and hostility...please do yourself a favor and do not come here if you want your group to have a good time. Overrated and I will never, ever come back here again.Ps. People chain smoke in here, making it impossible to breath in addition to the rudeness you are met with at the door. Awful!!!!
1	I can't accurately describe how disappointing I found this nightclub. I'm a simple country girl from NC, so I had high hopes for a Vegas club. That said:-We "squeaked in" without paying cover by having a friend put our names "on the list." I was not impressed by the triaging of guests into three lines by burly guys trying to look like the Secret Service. -Finding the club itself was like a scavenger hunt. I can't speak for fellow ladies, but four flights of stairs is not easy to navigate in heels. If you've never been, save yourself a headache and just have someone escort you, or better yet, carry you.-The club was much smaller than the website would lead you to believe. High ceilings do not a hype club make.-The prices! Oh, horror! The prices! I KNOW it's Vegas, but $10 for a Bud Light? If you're ready for a laugh, check out the preposterously overpriced bottle menu. We were lucky enough to step in on "open bar for ladies", which is limited to "mixed well drinks" (I know I'm using a lot of quotations, but stick with me here). I ended up paying full price for my drinks, because the inattentive, often dismissive bartenders seemed to have mixed up the well liquor with gasoline.-Oh, and those nice couches? Don't get comfortable. My party was moved several times to make room for people who wanted to pay $900 for a bottle of Grey Goose.-The cherry on the top of this hot mess was the incompetent DJ. Bless her heart, she really tried, but any DJ who's worth their salt knows that a party is created with beat-mixing popular or power songs. This poor little girl did little more than drop in one song after another, often on top of off beats. My professional DJ husband was near tears by the time we left.I walked past ten better places to get a drink and have fun just to get to this place. Don't make that mistake. This nightclub would do far better to lose the ego and embrace the intimacy of an otherwise classy enclave.
4	Went to Tao this weekend for my bday and had a ball! Music and crowd were awesome with a mix of pop/hip hop and house music. The lighting also has a trippy, unusual strobe effect which I thought was very cool.  Cover is $20. I took off a star because there's zero seating unless you are in VIP. Also there's steps up into the club, so the combo of those two things + heels sucks. Other than that though, Tao was great!
4	Here I am once again
4	Came here this past Friday for my friend's bachelorette party. We love Tao that's why we wanted to kick off the trip there. Music was great as always. The crowd was awesome, everyone is all from out of town so we're all just trying to have a good time. No lines and open bar and table. It was great! :)
3	Partied with Hitachi Data Systems at Tao.  We were served fried rice, broccoli, Kung Pao Chicken, shrimp, and Korean beef.  It was delicious, but I'm dying thirst.  They must use MSG.  :P
3	Heard lots of good things about this nightclub, so we decided to check it out. We received a coupon from the bellman when we checked in, so it was even more inciting to go. Located inside of the Venetian, it seems to be one of the more popular places on the strip. We arrived around 10pm and had to wait in line for about 15 minutes, which isn't too bad for Vegas. Once we got in, you were either in or shuffled around like you didn't belong. Almost the entire bar is roped off for people that make reservations or have money. We wanted to get on the main dance floor, but unless you had a wrist band, it was a no-go. We found another dance floor where we danced the night away, but it was also surrounded by roped-off sections with bottle service. There was a bar near, that they closed early. So, my advice if you truly want to enjoy he nightclub, book a party or bottle service. If you eat at the restaurant, you have free entry to the nightclub, so that might be a way to go too!
5	Yup, this is probably my favorite club in Vegas since I've always had a blast.Located in the Venetian, its an Asian temple-ish themed club. There's tubs of rose petals, flying acrobats during certain times, and raised platforms to dance in. With a group of mostly girls + promoter, you can get free entry + drink wristbands until a certain time. The music is usually hip hop / top 40, which I absolutely love. The dance floor is a bit small, so it can get crowded; however, if you have a group of girls, try dancing on the raised platforms!! Not only do you have room to breathe, but you can also avoid aggressive creepers. It's a win win situation.I love you Tao and I will come back soon.
4	TAO night club gets four stars because: I can usually get all the girls in for free, I can usually walk up to the front and get in for free if I'm by myself, get bottle service here for the guys for not that bad of a price, have gotten guys in for free, & this is probably my most frequented club in Vegas due to these things. Five stars for my promoters!This club can get extremely crowded. Changed the layout of the main room so you can see the DJ from most tables and the front entrance. Hip hop room is also very crowded. I wouldn't actually recommend this club if you didn't have a table! The bathroom lines here are crazy! Just like any other club, but you stand in line for girls on the second floor and you can look at the crowd below. It's almost inconvenient where it's located and people have to walk by for their tables. Generally not too bad. Bouncers here are more strict than the other clubs I've been to, so just beware. Decor is darker and red - obviously Asian themed. Lots of girls sitting around posing. The DJ main stage has better lighting and effects now. Most of my experiences have been alright at this club, not my favorite. (You run into the most creepers here I feel like) I would recommend if you have a table or can't get into other clubs for free and you have a good promoter. Maybe if your favorite is playing here too.
3	Get here early!Decor was nice. Expensive as hell......but it's Vegas.  I'm not much of a nightclub person. I just don't get why everyone likes to jam pack themselves onto the dancefloor.... or should I say standfloor... not enough room to move.Good music. Good atmosphere.  Bartenders were a bit snobby.  I kept going to the back bar because there were no lines but around 11pm.....they closed that side ?!?!  They really like to keep us jam-packed together don't they?It was fun.....after we were inebriated. lol!
1	Worst nightclub ever. I was trying to leave when in dark stairwell was attacked by a bouncer. I fought to get free from him. Very scary experience. Did police report all night & nobody cared. Had bruises all over arms & chest. Never heard from nightclub or police again.
4	Always was a fan of this club. Get there early though cos sometimes it takes forever to get in.  Also, find someone to give you VIP/guestlist passes. You'll save yourself money. If you ask the concierge at Venetian, they usually will have some handy for you.Music is great, club is big and if you feel claustrophobic, you can stand out on the balcony.
5	Dinner and Nightclub package.. Best deal in Vegas! The food is amazing and you get a table with on bottle in the club, its cheaper than buying just a bottle in the club. Do it!
2	Don't let them trick you into booking a table in a small room w/ a pop up 2ft high stage where they say Snoop Dogg will be performing - he performs on the main stage & you can get in there for free!They offered us a table for 1 $ price but said we wouldn't be in the same room that he performed in but for basically double the price we could not only be in the same room as Snoop performing we could have a table beside the stage! Not!Amazing how the day of his 1st show they still had a table beside the stage for lil ole us... I / we should have known better.
1	Was on a list to get in free if there by midnight. We show up, they make us wait in a line off to the side while 6 workers socialize with each other. When they finally call for us they say we are EIGHT minutes late so it would be 40 dollars each. I don't think so sweetmeat. I know you THINK you are important behind that stand wearing Candies and some polyblends. I laughed in her face and we went somewhere else and spent a lot of money. NEVER again to that overrated snob scene..
4	Been to Tao many a Vegas night over the years and it's still one of my favorite clubs to go to on the Strip. The reason I like it is because Tao offers a little bit of variety in music. It's not all EDM like in Marquee & Hakkasan's main rooms. It plays hip hop, top 40, club mash-ups and electronic music and I like the change of pace. I feel it's needed... Of course it all depends on the DJs and some of our friends from HS in the Los Angeles area are the ones that provide the soundtrack to those memorable Vegas nights at TAO. DJ Skratchy is a friend from HS and we all support the venues he spins at and he used to spin at Tao and Tao beach in the past. He's a resident DJ at some of the best clubs in Hollywood, Miami and Las Vegas I wish they would book him more at TAO cause the music he spins is great. Cant lie, I'm biased but let how the crowd moves to the music be your proof. My favorite Vegas DJ.Saturday night resident DJ Vice is also a friend from HS and his reputation speaks for itself. He brings energy and definitely moves the crowd. You gotta see him for yourself. He plays it all and his timing is impeccable. Definitely a master at his craft.I recommend getting bottle service to have a real memorable Vegas experience at TAO. Anywhere from the side room, balcony, main dancefloor, walkway and elevated sections will have different pricing. My friends and I have gotten bottle service several times and it's been classic. That's definitely the way to go. Regular pay line will have you waiting a long time. Either get on a guest list, get there super early, of course get bottle service or be a hotel guest. Those are the easiest ways to get in without too much hassle. Bring your patience. Money talks. This is Vegas.ps - Ms.Joey Williams is absolutely the most beeautiful, not to mention, the best dancer/bottle popper in all of Las Vegas. Period. End of story.
1	IF I COULD GIVE 0 STARS I WOULD HAVE. THIS WAS THE WORST NIGHT CLUB EXPERIENCE I'VE EVER HAD. I would type in all caps (out of outrage) but that would just hurt to look at. We got in quick cuz we got put on the guest list so that was the only good thing of the night. The open bar for ladies from 10:30-11:30 that night was kind of wack, but expected I guess (only mixed well drinks). Also, IT WAS OVERCROWDED. Like I am 100000% sure they went over capacity. There was zero space to dance at all. All I could do was bob my head. I literally could not even breathe. Third, people were pushing and shoving like no other. I almost cracked a rib! Fourth, there are rude & grimey people in this club.. UGH. Some guy called me a "fxckin b!tch" just because I asked him nicely not to push me. Then someone groped my @$$ on my way out. The layout of this place is TERRIBLE. The staff is unfriendly and also RUDE. Needless to say, I'm never coming back to Tao ever again.
5	We came here on a whim on a Friday night. We had a great time here and our night went on without a hitch. All of the staff we interacted with were extremely friendly, professional and helpful. We didn't have to wait in line, even though we weren't on any guest list. We paid about $30 for myself and my boyfriend to get in, but it was still cheaper than voodoo lounge and looked like a much more well dressed and classier crowd here too. The drinks are steep for normal standards, but they are actually a lot cheaper than hakkasan. $14 for a shot of patron silver and $11 for a vodka tonic at Tao VS. $25 a drink average at hakkasan. I loved the club's theme and the upscale asian inspired decoration. They had sexy red chandeliers over the bar area in the dance room. The giant Buddha sculpture was a dramatic touch. I think they had about 3 flights of stairs to get up to the dance floor, but it wasn't anywhere near as exhausting as hakkasan's millions of stairs. The dance floor was packed to the max, but the perimeter of the club had a lot of areas that you could stand, dance or relax with your date and enjoy your drink. I loved that we didn't have to push our way to get around and we were able to stand anywhere we wanted to without being ushered out of the way like they do at hakkasan. It was well ventilated in some areas but closer to the dance floor, the air was thicker and it was stuffier. They had EDM music spinning most of the night and we enjoyed dancing to a lot of it. The DJ did a great job pumping up the energy of the club. The women's bathroom is located upstairs and there is a bit of a wait, but it's nice to be able to look down at the club's dance floor from the banister.
4	Went on a Friday night and there was a $20 cover charge for both males and females. Very reasonable compared to other clubs on the Strip.  I really enjoyed the music played and had fun dancing.  For those that are planning to get their drink on make sure to be ready spend $$$$$$$$  Each drink was around $15 for well drinks, not sure how much beer is maybe around $7-8.
3	We went to Tao when they happened to have an hour of free drinks for ladies. The drinks were good but the servers had a bit of an attitude. It's kind of obvious that a lot of ladies go there for the free drinks and some of them were just kind of rude. A friend had gotten a little too much to drink and got escorted out so we decided to leave with her. The music wasn't really amazing but when we left, it was getting good. I really like that they have a balcony, it was really nice for pictures.
3	Been here plenty of times and they do deserve the 3 stars average rating. I actually came here for my 21st birthday making Tao the club that popped my clubbing cherry. Back in the day, before I was even 21, Tao was definitely the spot along with Pure. I think Tao and Pure really upped the game for Vegas night clubs. And Tao has been able to keep people coming in, but unfortunately Pure has not since it closed a few weeks ago. If I'm not mistaken Pure is going to go through a rejuvenation process with the Light group, we'll see what happens? And who could forget Tao being Kim Kardashian's spot for her birthdays and what not. Anyway, the last time I was here was last summer and I was expecting it to be less crowded than what I've experienced before considering Light and Hakkasan just opened that summer. BUT NO, the main floor is still super packed. I think this is a default place for a lot of people considering how easy it is to get on a guest list. That was also our reason, our group couldn't get anywhere else without the guys having to pay. None the less, the music on the main floor was pretty good from what I remember, but unfortunately we couldn't hang considering we felt like sardines in there. Most of the night if not all was spent in the hip hop room. We wanted to go upstairs to Tao beach, but we were told that area was close. Oh darn, that would of been nice just to rest our feet just for a few minutes and get some fresh air. Considering that Tao is still a decent club and easy to get into, I would recommend it to tourists who don't want to pay to get into the more popular clubs. Tao is still nice with the Asian/Buddha inspired decor, a fairly large size club and plays good music, you certainly can't go wrong.
1	Stay away from this nightclub. Do not buy the dinner and club package. What a waste of my money!! We were there on June 6 2014. I bought a package for 4 people.  Everything was fine and the area we were sitted at was perfect for a group of 4. Until, a group of 8 females walked in and were sitted next to us. Immediately, one of the woman, Christine or Christina (who claimed to be related to Elvis Presley) started to give us an attitude when we didn't move further down the booth. I asked the waitress if we could move to the corner part of the booth and she explained that it would cost more money. I explained this to the other group. We went along with our night making the best out of it until  Christine "Presley" came over to introduce herself to us and she started to call my husband a liar and disrespectful because he jokingly said his name was Pablo. Then she starts complaining to the couple that we were with about how they need to move further down because we were not by our table. To make a long story short, I asked her to please leave us alone and we were  moved to the corner to avoid any problems. Well this christine lady wasn't going to be happy till we were kicked out. She kept whining to the bouncers and waitresses accusing us of being mean to her and throwing ice at her. All of which were a lie. What irritated me was how security handled the situation.  They came and took me from my party, didn't let my husband or friends follow me, and basically held me hostage in an exit hallway. They took my ID and threatened to call the cops over what occurred.  Nothing occurred!! A fight didn't break out, no punches were thrown,& our party  was not paying any  attention to this girl. They wouldn't give my husband any information on my whereabouts. I was held against my will for almost an hour till security could figure out what to do. I have been to plenty of clubs in Vegas and Chicago, never have I seen security pay attention to such childish complaints!! I couldn't believe they were taking this Christine seriously when she was whining about not having an extra 6 inches to herself.   If anything I blame the club for sitting a group of 8 in a booth that only fits 4. Thank you to security for wasting an hour of our night instead of either asking us to leave or letting us go down to the dance floor. If it wasn't for the fact that they had my ID and my husband's cc we would have walked out. I thought Tao's VIP was suppose to be classy instead they allow little girls playing childish bs games and give them too much attention. What a waste of money and time! To that Christine girl I wish I would have given you something to really complain about because you obviously have never encountered people who will give you a reason to get security.  Dinner at Tao wasn't great at all. The food is not worth the money. The club is by far the worst I have been to and I wish I would have listened to some of the reviews on yelp.
5	I must say,  I lived in Zvegas and partied at some amazing places and never visited this one. So, in town for a last minute vacation with another couple of friends and we decided to come here on Saturday night. I have visited NYC, and LA Tao and I needed to check this one off the list.My friend decided he wants to ask his girl to marry him, so my wife told the folks at Tao to sit us in a nice table. To start off, the place is nicer than all the other Tao's I have been to. the atmosphere is pretty ultra Asian modern. The music is chill, and the people are all having a great time. I knew that I was going to like it. we sit in a cool spot, ordered a few rounds of drinks, which were on point, ordered some apps, the usual edamame, pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, and something else. All very good. I ordered the strip med rare, with some veggies, my wife ordered the seabass and it was amazing. the drinks kept flowing, and then it was time. my boy got on his knees and asked the Question!!! She said yes, the staff came over with Champagne and served everyone and congratulated the couple.Then they invited us to the nightclub on them. We declined because there was second question, will you marry me tonight BAM!!! Only in Vegas. So we ran out the place looking for a Chapel.Net Net, Tao exceeded our expectations and went our of their way to make us very happy clients. A guaranteed stop on my next trip.
3	This place rocks! I love the variety of music they play, the low 20 dollar cover charge, and the good-friendly vibe. One thing I wish they would've provided is seating areas with no charge lol. I know it's Vegas and I guess clubs expect everyone else to stand and only the rich may sit but give us a break we pay to get in and spends hundreds on drinks and least have a concrete bench or something to take a quick breather. Drinks start off at around 15 dollars and if you tip your bartender well, they will serve you quick.Restroom lines are about 15 minute wait for guys and girls probably 20-25 minutes.
5	Holy wow! This place was absolutely gorgeous and was a ton of fun! There was a foam rain,  insane amounts of confetti and a man dressed as a disco ball! The decor is fantastic and I can't wait to get to go back!
3	I absolutely love the idea/theme/decor but I feel like it's a bit of an older crowd. There were two dance floors with not much action going on. I came with a group of 5, 4 girls and 1 guy, and one of the dance floors was GIRLS ONLY, what? That's cool for bachelorettes, but not those that have boyfriends or just wanna dance with the opposite sex. The staff was really friendly too. Just disappointed I couldn't get my dance on. Ended up leaving because we were bored after 45 minutes.
4	Super fun nightclub free drinks for an hour , dj played old school r&b and rap which was cool. Had an awesome time with friends would definitely come back to this place next time I'm in vagueassss ... Peace!
1	I wish I could give them negative stars!  The front desk person told me that if we went to their restaurant and ordered food we would get a pass to their nightclub.  We went and ate their mediocre food and ordered their expensive drinks, and at the end they told us that we had not consumed enough!  Keep in mind that we stayed in the Venetian which is one of their properties, and we ordered a full dish for her, for me, and full drinks for both of us.  I would have tried to get in and pay whatever they ask, but while I was there I noticed that the people who go there are not really that good looking, in fact they tend to be the people that you would not invite to any kind of party.  If you are considering Tao, do yourself a favor and go to Surrender instead, much better place!
1	I have been to XS. ..Vanity....Rehab...Palms....and recieved bottle service...AND then there's TAO. It was the worst bottle service I have ever received. Our area was for 3 to 5 people per table...One table had 12 people...and the other table was so drunk one of the girls dropped her drink all over the seat in our area and didn't say anything and I sat in it.Disgusting. No one came to clean up it till almost close even when I had asked 3 hours earlier. Then Tao advertised for Dj Khaled to be there that night @ 10 pm and he didn't show up it 1 am. Don't pay for bottle service in my opinion ...it's hot and their customer service sucks unless your a celebrity.
1	I usually hate it when people say they wish they could give 0 stars - obviously I have just never have an experience that warranted it until now! My experience reads just like so many other negative reviews of Tao.I ate at the restaurant and the food was fine but not fantastic. The price of the food however was what you would pay for amazing food. I had no problem with that however until I experienced the night club. I guess since they are considered one of the strip's top clubs (which is totally undeserved) they feel like they can have terrible attitudes. Maybe they even think being rude adds to their desirability. Whatever the reason the staff didn't know how to treat anyone and the club was so crowded we could barely move much less actually dance. Still I didn't have a huge problem until a large guard got overly aggressive with me. This man was literally about 4 times my size and got in my face when I called him out for being rude and speaking to people like they were dogs. When he got in my personal space and I still refused to back down he called over the real cops like a whiny little punk. The real cops agreed with me that the guards at Tao are on a power trip and this is the only way they have to feel good about themselves.What's worse is that the security guard manager did absolutely nothing about it. I have been to Vegas many times and have never had a negative experience before this. Needless to say I will never go back to this establishment.
5	I come to Vegas every year and this year decided to come to Tao. I had a great time Dj Khalid was there and got the club hype! It was very packed, however you can't come to a club in Vegas and expect it to not be packed. The atmosphere was great and so was the music. Dj Khalid rocked the house.I want to get a table next time for a different experience... Especially due to the moron that kept dancing behind us and shaking his fist over our heads and hitting my head a few times to where I had to turn around and let him know I don't play that game. I do however definitely recommend coming here it was very fun and an overall good experience.
3	Came here with my girl crew during the 4th of July holiday on Saturday night after having dinner downstairs. Place was packed. Was playing ratchet and trap music. Good stuff to get turnt to. Everyone was pulling down their train handles (the turn up dance) Apparently DJ khaled was on the 1's and 2's, but just for like an hour or less, and then someone whack hoped on after him, and then the music got better again when Floyd Maywheather arrived. As good as the music was, it was impossible to dance, because everyone was densely crowding in the main dancefloor area between the DJ booth and the VIP where Floyd was, then apparently Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka came through too. (Sidenote, KD is super sweet, chill and humble, just wants to have fun like the rest of us, and with the rest of us) The thirst was overbearing, and surprisingly mostly from guys. Guys were so hype to crowd those celebs, it was a sausage fest, me and my ladies just gave up trying to dance and stayed over in the corner by the bar till leaving. Could have been a good time, hope they control their guy to girl ratio next time.
1	I have very NEGATIVE feelings about Tao - I have never in my life felt more disgusted about any establishment. I had to deal with borderline harassment from their security and bad service. There are so many better options to choose from in Vegas, and Tao should really be your last and let me reiterate LAST option. I believe the current yelp ratings comparatively to other clubs speak for themselves if you have to ask me. The first time I came to Tao it was for Hardwell on a Thursday night, the weekend before NYE 2012. Earlier that evening my friends and I arrived early for the ladies open bar happy hour. I ordered a drink and one of my guy friends took one small sip from it. Seconds later, two of the security men stormed up to me, grabbed me, and took me into a small room by the back wall without any explanation. My friends were screaming and banging on the door asking for them to release me as they were very worried. One of the security guards very rudely explained that because it was a ladies open bar, I was not allowed to have my guy friend take a sip from my drink. Ok - but lets be real here - if that were the case did it really require them to take me to a secluded room away from the public and put me in harms way? They could have just told me in the presence of others, as it is not a big issue. I am glad that they released me after explaining, but really, none of that was necessary. That experience left a bitter taste, as it was unnecessary trauma. My second experience was more recent. I was at Tao for a joint bachelor/bachelorette party two weekends ago for Fabulous. Because the couple decided to do a package deal, we had dinner earlier at the Tao Bistro for 15 people. As part of the package, there was dinner and bottle service provided for the group. As soon as we got to the club, we were given a table outside of the main room which was not ideal but that was ok. FYI, the food at Tao Bistro is really just mediocre Asian fusion food and not worth the money. Now onto the incompetent service. The group was kept waiting for almost 2 hours for the table service because the hostess could not match the package deal to the credit card on file without having the actual credit card that made the purchase. The entire dinner/club packaged was already paid for and yet there was a problem? Because of the wait, our group just cancelled the table service. That kind of service is unacceptable. At the very least, because of the incompetence, our dinner was reduced in price. Most people in the group were only in Vegas for one night, specifically to be at Tao, and Tao ruined this experience especially for the future bride and groom. Honestly I thought my second experience would be better. Ironically, for a club Tao is a buzzkill. Tao, see you never!
5	This is a 5 star, not 3. People are inpatient and lame. Everything is bomb! Lobster won tons were...bomb! Udon was...bomb! Tempura sweet potato was...bomb!!!!
1	Went to the Khloe Kardashin night at TAO. Absolutely disappointed. They over sold the event. No room to walk, talk or dance. It was ridiculous over crowded. Sorry I paid to go & never will do that again
1	Had the worst experience here and ruined our first night of clubbing in Vegas. I always plan these things weeks in advance to ensure peace of mind. I was promised by management that all the couples in our group would be comped. Once we got there the people at the door made up some BS and said guys have to pay $40 and "all the girls" will be comped, but supposedly the open bar until midnight for girls lets you take "2 drinks at a time with the wristbands". Then they handed me a paper which I didn't look over but was supposed to present to the cashier. Once getting to cashier I was then told only 3/5 of the girls will get comped and the other two are also $40. Are you EFFING KIDDING ME? At this point I texted Justin pleading "what's going on, this is not what you promised?"... He completely abandoned me replying "things changed, sorry". What type of guest service is that?!! Then once we finally got in, the bartenders at the "open bar" barely acknowledged girls with wristbands so we really had to fight for their attention, and come to find it was not "2drinks with wristband" but 1! 1 FRIGGIN' drink, which was more like just a glass of ice. Like really Tao? This is what you've resorted to? No wonder everyone says "Tao sucks now" and your establishment is not known to be a credible one. Not to mention the restrooms  have no privacy. Never again will we be going there, made sure to tell everyone I know in LA about this horrendous experience and most people agreed (no surprise there).On a happier note_ we went to Marquee next day, all couples comped, and had a blast. The promoter there kept his word, unlike the devious pigs at Tao.
3	I can see why this place only gets 3 stars now. My friends and I were on the guest list so it didn't take too long to get in on Saturday night. My boyfriend was able to get in free as well. It was fun for maybe 10 minutes because once we stepped in, the atmosphere seemed great. The decor was pretty cool!However, the dance floor was JAM packed. I watched as my sister got tossed around in multiple directions because people kept pushing around to get across. It definitely felt like a workout just trying to stay standing on my feet. Gah.Again, it was only fun for maybe 10 minutes. Way too crowded for my liking.
3	This was my first time clubbing and I expected it to be crowded but not crazy crowded like how Tao was. The wait to get into the club wasn't too bad since my friends and I were on the guest list. When I walked inside, the interior was really nice. It was fun for about 10-15 minutes and then it stops. Why? Because it gets overcrowded and theres a ton of people pushing and shoving to get by. People were nice about it when they are trying to get through but it was getting a bit too ridiculous. I was literally getting shoved and knocked all over the place. I wasn't able to even stand in place for a good 5 minutes before I got pushed around AGAIN. Other than the pushing and shoving, it was quite an interesting experience clubbing in Vegas.
3	My friends and I came in a group of 5. I contacted a promoter beforehand and he was able to get all 5 of us in for free, even though we had a guy with us. It was open bar for ladies until 11:30pm, though drinks are quite limited. However, the bartenders do put a ton of alcohol, since they are so busy, so if you're looking to get drunk off of these drinks, it is entirely possible. We arrived close to 11pm. There were lots of people trying to get in but thanks to our promoter, we waited no more than 5 minutes. It was cool that there were multiple floors. I wish they had some free areas for people to sit for a few minutes. My heels were killing me! The decor was gorgeous. However, it was much too crowded in there. It was fun for the first 10-15 minutes until the dance floor became overly packed. Also, it was dark in there so it was hard to see which areas were roped off for reservations. People were nice generally. I didn't see anyone barfing anywhere and if people were trying to get through, they almost always apologized and excused themselves. I wish they had a bigger dance floor. Would've made the experience so much better!
3	The decor on this place is cool, the DJ played great music . My girl got to drink for free (yay for my pockets), its a pretty mixed cool crowd. this place is jumping..with that being said its way to overcrowded we found a spot and pretty much stayed in that one spot..not by choice but if we moved then we were going to knock somebody over
4	Every time I come to Vegas, I visit Tao and am never disappointed.This time my husband and I were celebrating my birthday and got bottle service in the hip hop room.We had a great time!Why 4 stars...When we arrived it took almost 20 min for the cocktail waitress to get our bottle of Hen and our mixers.One of the drunk ass guys at the table next to us almost knocked down our bottle of Hen and did knock down one of our mixers all over the floor. Lucky for him not on my shoes!!!And the rope that was supposed to protect us and our alcohol... kept getting knocked down, people were trying to hop over, and there was no security in sight.
1	Cheesy.  I'm over having foam, confetti and light sticks thrown on me (I was over that during 8th grade bar mitzvahs).  Especially when it is on a overcrowded dance floor with nasty people making out all around you and grabby guys.  We stayed at the Palazzo so we got a free pass with our hotel room which also got us a few drinks.  Even with that, this place was lame.The DJ was good--not playing music I really liked (some top 40 but mostly edm) and it was just too crowded across the whole club.
4	I've been there once it was ok i didn't like the behavior of the bouncers there but other then that everything was fine
1	Gone majorly downhill. Staff is rude, music sucks, roof is hardly ever open. Use to be so good.
1	Very crowded (you couldn't really dance or get around) Music sucked it would have slight pauses and weird mixture of music.Drinks where watered down.Saw a lot of people having issues getting out of there ( too drunk to go down the stairs)Oh and it was super hot in there!! It was nasty.
1	Horrible! Don't waist your time honestly. Starting with security! They are racist, they don't care about the customers at all. They definitely do not care about the reputation of the club. They rather have people walk away than stay the night. The most ridiculous thing I ever heard, they were telling groups of guys that in order to get in they need to get bottle service. I'm sure money is not an issue for these guys but why would they get bottle service before entering the club? what if they don't even like it? There may be people whom do not get on the guest list but for a business like this, not being on the guest list is much profitable and they still treat you awful. I wonder what the owner might think about the way the customers get treated here. I think its much profitable to bring in people that are willing to pay for their ticket and drinks. Tons of chick groups getting in already waited while waiting in line...This is ridiculous seriously, I got pushed and my drinks spilled by drunk girls. I suggest they change the guards and get people whom have better judgment on whom they let in. Someone honest and fair!!!The place inside was okay although It can be organized much better in terms of the crowding. The drinks were also low quality and sometimes not made well and the bartenders are fairly rude depending on how busy they are.
1	Oh man... DON'T get me started with TAO night club. ARGH, so I came here with 5 girls total to TAO waiting for the rest of our bachelorette party.2 of the girls parted ways after only 10 mins of being there and then there was 3. The 3 of us started drinking at the bar/restaurant area first before we went back up to the main club. Once in, it was PACKED... I mean you're lucky if there are tiny spots where you can BREATHE a little and have some room, but other than that, NO ROOM!The main dance floor area WAS PACKED. SO PACKED that it was unbearable because you couldn't dance... Bouncers there were rude and kept belly bumpin me thinking I was going to go under the velvet ropes to a table... which I wasn't ... argh all in all. I really don't like TAO NIGHT CLUB! I wished I was able to go to a better "EDM"-ish night club during my stay in Vegas, but I didn't have enough time to do that... Only upside was that Cash Cash was playing on the weekend of 7/26 so that was nice... Other than that, I don't think I'll be returning to TAO!
2	It use to be good, not a fan any more the other clubs on the las vegas strip offer more, not as upscale as the staff thinks it is. It is not really that fun anymore.
5	I had such a blast here! It was one of my girlfriends birthday so we each pitched in and got VIP & Bottle Service. May I add, it was super super expensive BUT it was totally worth it. We would never experience a  club atmosphere as wild as Tao, so we definitely put in our moneys worth. The club promoter that we went through was very nice and kept in touch with us right away and never kept us waiting. We got in easily. I definitely recommend this club, I had a blast!
4	Tao is my favorite Vegas club. I love the Asian theme. If you get a promoter, it is usually free for guys and girls and girls get free drinks for an hour. The reason I love this club is because they play a good mix of music. The other LV clubs play nonstop unce all night. I cannot stand that. I need to here words in my music!!!They closed the beach area. It was open the last time I came here. Even though Tao is one of the old school spots, it is still an awesome club!
5	Thank you Timothy!Comped drinks, appetizers, and open bar for our bachelorette party!come early as it does get crowdedif you are a group of fine girls get up on the catwalk and dance in the relatively ample space up there!  when the DJ comes out it changes from 90's hip hop to EDM, then they start passing how those big foamy glow sticks...sweet!my advice: come early so you can get some good dancing in and enjoy different music.
2	This place is definitely overrated. Not worth all the hype. You're better off trying to get on someone's guest list and getting there early or you'll have to wait in a ridiculous line. The music is okay. Just okay. The dj was repeating songs. Who does that??The place is Sooo crowded that you can't really find a place to stand or sit. And when you finally do settle somewhere the bouncers are quick to tell you what you're doing wrong. You just can't do anything or stand anywhere. We ended up hanging out on the smoking patio most of the time bc it was the only place we could stand without being told to move. Don't waste your time. There are PLENTY of better WAAAY better nightclubs than this. Check out Drais at the Cromwell. THAT place knows what's up.
1	Where do I start. I must say I have never had such horrible service at a night club. We did the dinner/vip package off a recommendation of my sister in law who had a great time. This was our first time at this club and I will say my LAST. Dinner started off great, service was good, food was good. Even when a waiter dropped a whole tray of dishes right behind us and I got sprayed with chili sauce all over my arm and face and all over the back of another person in our party. Mamagement came over and was very attenative and offered to pay our dry cleaning bill, or our bill, or drinks. We had already paid for dinner so we took the round of drinks . No biggie there. We finally get escorted up by Nick  to the line where we were then handed off to another person who walked us into the club to our table. We were placed at a table that was in what our hostest called  the "Opium" room. Everything was going well, we were having fun till they started moving all the parties from that room over to the main clib area. Our hostest and security guard would come up and say okay they have a table for you and are gonna move you now... than another party would be moved. This happened the whole night till we were the last table in the opium room. Seriously, tao come on. When someone pays for vip service you shouldn't treat them like they were just someone who hasnt speant as much as we did.. After a bouncer came over to see what the issue was and me and him getting into it we finally got moved. They stick us in a booth that clearly other people had just left and they didnt bother to clean up. There was liquid all over the floor along with drink straws. They didnt wipe the table or thr benches down. My best friend was wearing a white dress and sat down in something that got all over her dress... I complained again to our hostest who said she was going to get the manager. Yet the manager never showed up. Never did any busers or anyone to clean up the mess at the booth. Not til my best friend tweeted and tagged tao in her post about how dirty the booth was and how unsatisfied she was with our experience was did we get people to clean up the booth.  After that we never saw a hostest, security, or person from the club.  I tried to forget about the troubles from earlier and just have a good time. Random people would sit in our booth or in the booths next to us and then ask for drinks. For the amount of money we spent I would have thought the service would have been a lot better. I was so disappointed and would never again go to Tao. Don't waste your money!!!!
1	Front staff annoyed me. They have about 3 girls they look like they're 16 or 17. Have no customer service skills or communication skills. I asked her a simple question about the open bar she had no fucking idea how to answer my question. Security guard total asshole. Not to mention they only accept cash.
5	Loved this club.  Great set up.  Crowded but what do you expect from a Vegas club on the weekend.  Service was good.  Smoking area was a little tight but other than that definitely coming back.
4	we had a large group of 15 people, i think there were 9 girls and 6 guys. im not sure how but we all got in free, which was awesome. the music was great, there were multiple floors with different music. my only knock is that the bar on the top floor was way too crowd, not enough bartenders. i order a few greygoose and cranberries, they were mixed well. we didn't stay for long but i enjoyed my time there. if you're going here, make sure you pay extra for bottle service and a booth to avoid the crowded area near the bartenders.
4	I was staying at the Venetian and decided to check this place out since it is conveniently located in the hotel. There was a line outside when we got there but the bouncer moved us up to the front since we brought the promotional card given to us by the hotel. Inside was packed full of people  with a good ratio of men and women. They had half naked models in bath tubs in the center, which I thought was pretty interesting. The drinks were well made and strong. I didn't really like the music too much since it was a lot of hip hop but I think it really just depends on the night and the DJ. I still had a good time here. Check it out especially if you are staying at the Venetian.
1	Very bad!
5	two words: CASEY COMBS!!!  He HOOKED US UP!  We went for my nephew's 21st bday.  Got an awesome price for table service and an optimal spot!!!  Bottle pricing was reasonable and the music was pretty good.  The best part was the service!  He was patient as I tried to gather my party of mostly under 25 year olds and really just treated us well.  The staff was patient and friendly.  LOVE IT!!!!
5	I literally had one of the funnest nights ever here at Tao! I've been wanting to check out the place forever, so when we planned our recent trip to Las Vegas, I knew it was going to be a must-do! We went through a promoter, who was so awesome. He got the 6 of us comp entry and told us the best time to arrive so the girls could take advantage of the open bar. Getting in was a breeze. The place is beautiful! Extremely well kept. It was sooo packed, but understandably. It was a Saturday night. The bartenders were nice, which I've never ever experienced in a club before. Lol. The DJ was phenomenal, kept us dancing all night! The bathrooms weren't so clean, but I guess it's hard to keep it clean with drunkards everywhere. There was an awesome photo booth for free pics, the balcony had a great view..literally everything about this place blew me away! Exceeded my expectations for sure!!
4	This is a huge club.  Got pushed around a lot.  I never party in Vegas so I don't really know what to expect.  Anyways, I met Mark Salling from Glee the night I went!  :)  I wanted to share that.It was cool.  Music was good.  I liked the human disco ball dancing.  I didn't drink so can't comment on that.
1	I was at the club for the memorial weekend.  And no apparent reason I got kicked out. Then they gave me the run around just to find their supervisor. Spend your money on some where less resist
1	This is my least favorite Vegas nightclub. It's too crowded to the point where I felt like a piece of cattle going from point A to point B. I do not enjoy being in close contact with strangers. I can feel their sweat on me. Gross. So many stairs too. I've been here twice and both unpleasant experiences.
4	This is still one of my favorite clubs in Vegas after all of these years.  The crowd is usually pretty good and they get some pretty good DJs over here.It's still a pain to get in if you're with a group of guys but it's nothing like a few years ago when Paris Hilton used to come here, etc.Table service is nice and the security guys are all pretty cool at keeping your bottle safe and the riff raff out of your area.
1	Ugh! I did come here on a Saturday of Labor Day weekend with Snoop Day playing so I should have known any club on the Strip but my god! Lining up stinks.  General admin was out the door where people were suffering through the heat.  Ladies only line was right next to a jewelry kiosk where we get in trouble for being close to the merchandise.  Maybe you should move the line? Just a suggestion.Trying to maneuver through the people waiting for the restaurant and the actual restaurant itself sucks.  The layout of the club sucks ass.  It was super crowded, I didn't even have enough room to wiggle!  Kinda ruins the fun times as well when there's security screaming in your ear to move when there's no where to go!  No room for me to find guys to hustle drinks from.  My friends and I left after an hour.  Not worth it.
2	Packed.. shuffled in,  shuffled out line was short to get in and cover was 20. A long walk from the entrance of the hotel.
1	Vary Poor customer Service from the front door to the Bartenders. The Worst of them Was the So Called Manager. they really all should take Customer Service 101 Training I Would Definitely Not Recommend Any One to Go There. Manager Should go Have His 200.00 Walmart Suit Pressed Out.
1	Club sucks..... They let too many people in and the security sucks. Worst experience ever. I felt bad for the people that didn't have VIP because it is impossible to get drinks.
1	Horrible security! Just went here last weekend on a Saturday night for the Snoopadelic  theme party and it was horrible! Our friend spent A LOT of money for a VIP booth (2 bottles of Dom perignon,  two bottles of grey goose and Crown, all the fixings and mixtures) and we had to leave early because of the craziness of the crowd and lack of security. We were in a bottom booth with one rope to try to reserve our section but after the club was packed it was impossible to keep strangers out of the booth. There was seriously pushing and shoving, drinks thrown when asked for people to get out of the section and we were forced to do all of this ourselves because there was no security in sight! It got to the point where I was actually scared thinking we could get trampled on! The staff was unprofessional, and did not acknowledge our initial concern of our safety when the rope continued to be pulled away due to  the crowd trying to walk through.  They allow way too many people in the club, there is no room to even dance anywhere, and the total ambiance that night was just negative to me. The girl  swimming in the huge glass was cool, but that was about it. I feel bad for anyone not in a VIP booth because I don't even know how you would get a drink. Never returning, very disappointed...and that's hard to do in Vegas.
3	I like Tao, but crowd control is where they lose major points. I've been to many very crowded nightclubs and this seems to be the only one that consistently gets it wrong. I'm surprised that there haven't been any serious injuries from people being crushed. I don't blame the security guys though. A problem this large and ongoing falls back on management.
1	I was beyond disappointed with this club. It was our first time partying in Vegas and everyone said that Tao was the place to go, and I seriously disagree. Unless you pay the money necessary to get table service and whatnot, you're crammed onto an exceptionally small stage where there's no room to  turn around, let alone move your body. I wouldn't recommend this club unless you get table service, because that's the only way you'll enjoy being crammed into this club.
5	Consistently one of the best clubs in Vegas. Everybody was gracious and easy going. Very accommodating. Breezed through the the line with a presale ticket like always.They get bonus points because I left my credit card there the night before, and had it waiting for me at the top of the morning. I love Tao. Thanks a bunch.
5	This review is for my visit during March 2013 so I don't know if things have changed. But I had such a great experience at Tao that I would regret not writing a review. I have to acknowledge the bouncers I dealt with. My friend I went with got stupid drunk at Tao and she had trouble going down the flight of stairs when we were leaving. Two bouncers came and carefully led her down. They didn't look mean and were not impatient with my drunk friend at all. The bouncers helped carry her outside and asked if she was going to be ok when I said I could take her the rest of the way. After I have dealt with many rude bouncers at other no-name clubs it was refreshing to have a good experience from everyone, even the bouncers!  The above isn't the only great example I experienced from those guys.  Hopefully the rest can learn from these  gentlemen.
4	I went here for a party... cool place.  I'm not a nightclub person, but it was nice.  I loved the Tao Beach, which is upstairs, outside.  Lots of places to sit and relax throughout the club.  Drinks were ok - I downgraded one star because they don't seem to know how to make a lemon drop.  Who puts it in a regular glass with ice!?!? weird (not in a good way).  Food was tasty.  They make awesome potstickers.  Yum.
1	This place came highly recommended and was such a disappointment. Towards the end of the night, my friend accidentally knocked into a staff member and after she apologized to him, he responded rudely by calling her a b***** among other things. I found this excessively disrespectful and went to the security manager to file a complaint. Well I'm not sure if it was because I had a drink in my hand or because they believed we were just two stupid girls but they proceeded to escalate the situation, define it as an altercation, and kick US out, escorting us through the sketchy back hall ways of the Venetian (which did not feel remotely safe) even after we offered to simply leave. The best part? Not a word was said to the rude staff member- they played dumb and pretended they had no idea who we were describing. Great way to treat the customers at your extremely over-priced club, Tao staff. We will be returning later in the day to file a formalized complaint with management.
1	Probably the worst club i have been to in a long time. I live in San Diego and there is about 5 clubs in San Diego that are better than this place. to get ANYWHERE you have to be VIP. There is literally no point in going unless you are VIP. Because the people that arent VIP are all dudes. so unless you want to be crammed on a cute little dance floor all night with dudes while all the hotties are up on this completely raised floor dancing by themselves, dont go here. we left within 45 minutes.the music was quiet too, which was odd?
1	Have been to Tao numerous times. and WOW- it went to the gutter.  Did VIP and not only were the bottles over priced vs the VIP we did the night before- the service was drab and negative.  The bussers were rude and bumped into you constantly without saying pardon me etc.  The waitress didnt smile nor did any other waitress.  No customer service at all- Sorry but if you pay 4500 Its logical to expect some damn good service!   Seems no one is happy here.Last observation.  Watch out for the low class scumbags!   Not exactly sure why but this was the first time Ive experienced racial hostility.   Two separate occasions  two separate couples of a certain minority status attempted to instigate a fight.  I find that a little odd.  Both couples were of the same race and lets just say they werent there to have fun but cause drama.   Beautiful venue, but unfortunately the service sucks as do the crowds that pollute the environment.  This was the first negative experience Ive ever had in Vegas, and it was all at TAO.  Good Luck
4	not a bad place.. they let us up not he tops of the booths to dance and they let us in easy.. got not the guest list.. Fun music.. staff was nice.. bartenders nice.. good drinks.. I suggest going early.. it gets PACKEDDDD about 12am!
5	One of my favorite places on my visit. The food was very good - heavy hors d'oeuvres - the Kobe sliders were the best. The staff was attentive and kept tables cleared and fresh food coming out. The dance floor and DJ were very nice.  The ambiance was pleasant as well. A sprawling club and restaurant worth plenty of options both inside and or for entertaining. It was unique to me and I really like unique!
4	As a lady, this club was quite the experience. Me and three other lady friends went to a late dinner at the restaurant. It was pricey, but the food was good. While we were eating, the club promoter scoped us out and came over to invite us to the club as VIPs complete with a free cocktail hour. We didn't pay for drinks all night. After the cocktail hour was over, the club promoter poured us drinks. As the night progressed, we joined a bachelor party's bottle service. A probably noxiously expensive glass of Veuve Clicquot? Don't mind if I do. My friends and I had a blast. As VIPs we were shielded from the insane crowd, but still got to dance and have a good time. As we were leaving, the bouncers handed us VIP tickets to TAO Beach (the day club) and I got a ticket for free VIP and bottle service for NYE. Score! I'm not sure how I feel about how LV clubs use us ladies as traps to get the men to spend mucho dinero, but all in all we had a great time.
4	Went to see Kim Kardashian at Tao on Friday 10/24. Showed up around 9:45pm used our promoters name got in right away no waiting!!!! Drinks were expensive $18 for a Pineapple-Grey Goose, I didn't expect anything less. The staff there told us Kim was showing up around 12am & she didn't get there till 2:30ish she looked beautiful as always. Kanye, Kim, Khloe, Johnathan the whole crew showed up & all looked stunning! We got great pictures and totally worth the wait! the dj here was also AMAZING!! We danced until they closed! I defiantly recommend this place!
4	If you are searching for a Classy Den on Iniquity, this is it!  Tao has an Asian Theme that is tastefully done.  It is a multi-level environment.  I attended a private Honda event so I could not access all levels.The security was efficient in keeping the crowd moving and organized.  They maintained a friendly yet no nonsense demeanor.The event featured DJ Dash Berlin.  The sound system definitely got a work out.  Although, obviously it was loud, the sound was awesome.  There were no obvious level issues.Platforms for dancers are prevalent.  They are scantily clad but not obscene.  Highly suggestive would be my description.Tao is WAY dark.  I know clubs are meant to be dark but Tao is an extreme.  Additional floor and ambient lighting would be helpful.Overall, Tao is a lot of fun but a little hard to navigate.  Recommended.
5	I used to always go to this club the first night when my friends and I ended up in Vegas.  I haven't been here in years until this one night.  My friends and I rolled up to the line on late VIP guest list. It was a short wait.  We pretty much just walked up to the front of the line.  It was near 1am.  We kind of thought we weren't going to get in (because of how late we were) but we did.  The place was still pretty packed inside; I didn't think it would be since this place has been around for awhile.  Good thing it was packed because dead clubs suck.Since we were late, we stayed at the bar and bought rounds of shots until we lost count.  Once we were done fueling up, we hit the dance floor.  It was so crowded there.  There was really no dancing space.  I don't think the music played was top 40s.  It was more like hip hop and trap music.  Although it felt like urban night, the crowd was mixed.  We just kept dancing and drinking and made it a forgettable night.  It was fun from what we remember lol.
4	We had a totally awesome time here.  We had VIP table service which was great except that it kind of felt like you were trying to get into the Pentagon and staff were Secret Service.  Besides that though the atmosphere was great.  Asian style decor with dancers in cages and women frolicking in a bathtub on stage.  The DJ was great, a good mixture of hip hop and top 40 stuff.  With our VIP we got free drinks from 10:30 to 11:30 pm.  I guzzled as many Sex on the Beaches as I could in that one hour.  There is one catch with the free drinks, you can't order just any drink, they only offer certain ones for free.  The line for the bathroom was ridiculous long but it moved pretty fast.  The dance floor was jam packed but we still were able to muscle our way out there and bust a move.  The crowd was a mix of all ages and ethnicities which was great.  Best time ever!
4	We went here on a "spur of the moment" type of decision on Saturday 11/15.  DJ Vice was spinning and we were staying at Palazzo.  We booked through our casino host who plugged us into the club's host Robert.  This was my first time at Tao and our group had just gone to Marquee the night before.  People had told us that Tao was now a 2nd/3rd tier club and couldn't compare to XS, Marquee, or Hakksan.  However, it was one of the few places that did not just have EDM.  We got there and met Robert at 10:30pm.  He whisked us into the club and gave us all of the different table options.  We decided to go all out and booked an awesome table on the main dance floor (right across from the DJ booth).  We were introduced to 3 different servers ( a tad confusing at first) and our security guard Mike.  From that point on, we received awesome service.  Robert hung around for a good part of the night making sure all was good.  The table was awesome and the club was pumping.  The best perk was having Mike escort us to the restrooms.  There were always long lines for both restrooms, but we were ushered right in.  It was even more helpful when the club was in full swing and the place was a zoo.  We had ample space at our table and it was awesome not to be crammed next to 15 dudes (see my Marquee review).  You could tell that Tao could not compare to Marquee, XS, or the other newer clubs were their light/smoke shows.  But the music was bumping and there were tons of people.  We enjoyed the night actually more than at Marquee.  This was probably due to our awesome table location and the services of Robert, Mike, and our servers Anita and Shannon.  Would definitely consider going back.
5	Amazing club, Amazing food... the only thing i wouldn't suggest is the sushi. Its just better on the east coast. The dj was great, club was packed and the crowd was very mixed. As for the food, I got the steak and it was spot on, my girl got the chilean sea bass and it was the best i have ever had. Wasnt too expensive either.
1	Been to many Vegas nightclubs. TAO is one I will never go back-layout is terrible. dance floor is super small. Outside patio is tiny. Surrounded by desperate men who are hunting for their next prey. For example the guy next me was making out with one girl and within 30 seconds was on to the next one bc he wasn't satisfied.-super crowded. Can't even walk to get in or out of the club. Took us 10 minutes to walk from the patio to the bathroom bc it was so crowded.-staff is absolutely Rude. They couldn't even handle the general admission versus the guest list line. I think they were all just dumb. -the Bathrooms. The girls bathroom stupidly located upstairs overlooks the dance floor with individual frost door rooms which you can see from the other side of the club WTF is that? Then the staff lady yelled at me bc I was next in line and didn't see that one of the very last bathroom stalls opened up. REALLY?? Hope this review helps!!!!!!
4	My first few Vegas trips, I wasn't able to go clubbing but dreamed of the day I could go to TAO. Now that I've been...it doesn't disappoint. The DJ is good, there's a step and repeat out front to take photos with and there's spots to smoke inside conveniently. Full disclosure: I went in as VIP so I can't really attest to the wait. I'm pretty impatient so I couldn't spend hours in line with girlfriends just to go here. But if you want the fun Vegas clubbing experience, this is an excellent place to go.Also love the naked girls sitting in rose petal baths near the entrance. I really don't have anything clever to add to that, except that I couldn't keep my eyes off them as I was leaving at the end of the night. Perfect ending to a fun time at TAO.
3	Went on a Thursday night. It wasn't crowded at all. I got in through a promoter and girls get open bar from 1030-11:30pm which was awesome! The vibe of the place is pretty cool and the outdoor patio has an amazing view!It started to get progressively crowded but my friends and I decided to go elsewhere. The music was alright and im sure with different djs there are different vibes.
1	We came here on a great vacation ruined by this Night Club of horror.  My gf got too drunk and while I was in the bathroom a predator working there, a large bald black man, took her by force and pulled her into an elevator.  He groped her and threatened to kick her out of the nightclub unless she committed explicit acts with him.   She obviously said no and was kicked out of the club.  Luckily she had a phone and got ahold of me but was terrified!  I took her home becauSe she was too drunk right away a and tried to call the club to complain.  Could not get ahold of any management.  Left a message and never a reply!!! Called the police made a report but my girl was too drunk to file a formal inquiry and was luckily unharmed.  Be very careful if you go here! Stay in groups and watch you friends or gf at all times!  I recommend not going here at all!  Very dangerous!  Who knows how many drunk women get taken advantage of here!  And not even a call back from management.  The guy probably still works there and preys on drunk women.  Dont get rapped, go party somewhere else.
5	Great club, the best music we heard, best atmosphere, great place to dance. Staff was friendly, no pushy bouncers and my girls and I got into the club for FREE, who could ask for anything better? One weird thing, when we entered the club, its about 8 bathtubs filled with water and rose petals and it was two girls sitting in the tubs, not together, they each had their own tub, but still, a tub, a club, WEIRD, nonetheless. As we entered the dance floor area, it was another tub with water and rose petals and another girl, I tried to understand their purpose all night. Overall, an awesome and amazing time was had by all in attendance.
3	Coming from the Miami night scene.. I had incredibly high expectations for Tao nightclub. There are things I loved: the Asian decor, the hassle-free entrance (if you're staying in the hotel or dine at the restaurant), and the music.We had dinner at the restaurant so we had to go back out to the entrance to get our bracelets before heading upstairs to the club. Once inside, it was nearly impossible to reach any of the bars.. This place was PACKED!! There was no way to walk through without pushing up against everyone (not my favorite thing). We finally got to a spot were our group could dance and move comfortably.I was very surprised at how people were dressed. I know I'm about to sound incredibly snobby, but girls in flip flops, flats, guys in khakis or polos... This just wouldn't happen in Miami. I'll definitely visit again when I'm back in Vegas though... Nothing is better than no hassle to get in.
5	Partying at Tao nightclub is a MUST !!! Every time I visit Vegas (about 5 or more times a year) I make sure to take my group of girls to one of the livest, spacious, and coolest clubs on the strip -- Tao- and we are never disappointed. I always make sure to contact the club promoter Chris Cash to maximize my experience with guest list priority and other club information which is very helpful, convenient and advantageous :) Chris always takes care of me! I assume he doesn't mind me listing his number on here so ladies and gentleman if you are planning on going to Vegas anytime soon be sure to hit up Chris for Club Tao !!! I promise you won't be disappointed. Chris's # 714-234-7325.
4	This is a nice place to hangout with your friends... Restrooms are clean.. Watch out for the drinks you order
5	We bought the dinner/nightclub package for my daughters 21st. I don't know who the the PRIOR reviewers ARE, (you did have me all ready to piss and bitch) but I'm a huuuuge snob abut service and food. BOTH WERE SERIOUSLY THE BEST IVE EVER HAD. THE. BEST. I thought I would have to suffer thru a night of mediocre, having read the reviews. But they could NOT HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG!I would go back, pay that big chunk of change for the package with the table after dinner - IN A HEARTBEAT! And IM TOO OLD TO NORMALLY WANT TO DO THAT SHIT! But the staff made it so fun for all of us!!!!Hopefully, get Charles. Nick. Ricky. Savanna. CHARLES as a waiter. Nick as the whatever funny cool guy that walks you in.  Ricky and Savanna in the club. It was such an amazingly fun night - mostly because of the staff. We felt like ROYALTY! You guys rock, thank you sooooo much!!
3	I brought my Asian girlfriend (yeah that's right...she's Asian) here because there were some kind of Asian looking symbols and characters on a billboard here in Los Angeles and since we both hate our families, we went to Vegas over Thanksgiving to mutually grind away our despair.I've always heard great things about Tao, so my expectations were fairly high. Tao is like the girl in high school with overly developed breasts who you desperately want to ask out on a date, but you always puss out and walk past her, ashamed and blueball-ridden.The music was pretty cool (anyone who plays "In Da Club" automatically wins my vote), but the dance floor was tiny, and obviously packed to the absolute fucking brim. It was just very underwhelming. But they get an extra star because there were two topless chicks in a bath tub together. And the old guy filming them on his iPhone gets five stars.There are much better clubs in Vegas, but if you can get in free somehow, check it out for an hour.
2	Honestly if you don't have a shit ton of money to spend, don't waste your time going. There is very little space for the non-vip folk to dance and people are very vigilant about those who they let in their section. I was lucky I got in for free because if I had to pay I would have been pissed.
1	Not bad. But if ur a dude. It doesn't matter what u spend. Bathroom line is ridiculous. Not worth the cover. If ur a dude. Don't come. .
5	Eli makes this place worth visiting. Such a great experience from start to end. Both TJ and Eli made us feel like royalty:)
1	I hate giving bad reviews based off silly stuff but damn it killed our whole mood. This was the last stop on a party bus club crawl for us and we had a blast all night at every stop. We get here and continue drinking like everywhere else and of course had to pee when we get there as we were making many stops with many drinks. We literally sat in line for the mens bathroom for 22 minutes. There was a bouncer controlling the flow in and out and when we FINALLY got in there there it wasnt full for each urinal and stall that could have been in use. Stupidest process I've ever seen at a club, it killed our mood as we were really excited to keep partying at that point so we just left and went somewhere else. If you want people to keep drinking have adequate bathrooms bro, if you don't make the in and out process easy, not difficult, not rocket science bouncer boy
4	Nice place to dance and enjoy drinks. Went on a Saturday night and even though the promoter said we were on the VIP guest list, we still had to wait in this long line with the rest of the "VIPs" lol. Got in, girls got free drinks till 10:30. A random couple invited us to their VIP table (the real deal), we partied next to Scotty McCreedy (American Idol winner 2012). The music was awesome! The DJ was just amazing, speaking for myself cause I know every one has their taste in music. Apart from the whole "VIP but wait in line" fiasco, I had a great time. I will definitely be coming again!
3	Tao has two levels: the first being an sitting-down restaurant and lounge space, and the second, the dance floor, Visited with a friend on their Friday "Persian Night" -- in general good music and ambiance, but too crowded and very overpriced ($40 per ticket, same for men and women). Figured Tao really excelled at marketing. For the same price and time wait in line, I'm sure there are many better options.
5	Had a blast here. The other clubs try way too hard. Tao is just plain fun! Nice staff, great music, and strong drinks. Couldn't find anything bad to say. Went here and to Marquee while I was in Vegas and I will only be returning here.
1	I've always liked the setup at Tao but beware of getting a table at this place. We got a table $1500 min right next to the dj booth. As we were half way through our second bottle I closed the tab. Within a few minutes someone from the club management came to us and said we can't have more than 10 people at our table. That is the most ridiculous thing I've heard. The reason to get a table is so you can bring guests over. Several of our guys had to leave our table for most of the night and hang out by the bar so we could have a few female guests over. We finally got a third bottle and the management left us alone.
4	Fun place that plays hip hop instead of EDM, which is a plus. The place has a pretty cool layout and women wearing flowers in bathtubs. There is an outdoor porch as well. The only downside is this place was packed to beyond max capacity.
1	Locals are not allowed ???We tried 3 consecutive days and the bouncers did not let us in by general admission.We came before 10 and it's not that busy and only 5 or 10 people infront of us but they didn't let us in.I would complain if there is way and I am trying to find the management to complain about it.
1	They need to fire the doormen that they currently have. I was denied entrance because the asshole thought that my ID was fake. I showed him additional identification and he still denied me.
