4	This place is great.  I only wish they'd open the chain up in California.They have really good sandwiches!  Just to name a couple: the turkey/ brie and the wildflower chicken salad sandwich.I can't exactly put my finger on it, but this place hits the spot.The last time I tried to go before I left AZ, they were closed and renovating.  That was more than 6 months ago so it should be fine and dandy now.
4	Being an avid carb lover, it's safe to say that if it has "bread" in the name, chances are I LOVE it!Their tomato bread salad should win an award.  Granted, I had never heard of such a thing before, so I have nothing to compare it to, but damn!   It is AMAZING!
4	I wish there were more Wildflower Bread Company's around.  It has good soups (daily vegetarian selection), free wifi, and bread.  What more could a person want from a (local) chain?  Well...I would like breakfast served all day.  Is that wrong?
4	They must have renovated this place in the last year. It is now spacious and airy and there is no longer the dreaded "hover over a table to get a seat" necessity.  It now reminds me much more of the dreaded "Panera Bread" chain in California, but the food is still much better and has much less of a "mass produced" feeling and taste.The service (management, staff etc) were extremely attentive and responsive to requests as well as keeping the place extremely well clean and cleared.I love carbs...Carbs with carbs and a side of carbs.  They serve warm syrup with their pancakes (yum!) and their bread is just amazing.  The "side of pancakes" is plenty big for a meal and they are always consistent, fluffy, and tasty.  They offer both a dark roast and a house roast for coffee and all the powdery loveliness (cinnamon, nutmeg, cocoa) to top it off just right.Today, before returning to the land of freeways and smog and eternal sunshine(well, the other land of that anyway) we enjoyed their peppermint hot chocolate. I would highly recommend that you run on it and have this frothy goodness before the holiday season ends!
4	Yeah I'll give ya 4 Wildflower,The bread is awesome as many have noted and I like they're take on adding small little things to dishes (aka Mushrooms on the Caesar salad) which actually believe it or not adds quite the shiz-zaz to their menu.
4	Stopped in for breakfast. Ordered a coffee and a Taylor ham and egg.  The Blueberry scone was wonderful. I will go back when I am in town again.
4	I love getting the half soup (the potato cream cheese)  and half sand (typically I get the BLT and add some Turkey!). Its a great place to get out of the office as they have electrical outlets at almost every table so be sure to bring your laptop and enjoy the free wifi.
2	Good, but there are better restaurants in the area (for lunch).  It's popular-trendy to go there if you work in the area.  I avoided this place because there were ALWAYS people from my office here!  Their selection is great, but their employees didn't want to go the extra mile AT ALL.  I got a dirty look asking for a side a certain way.  Not very healthy either.  I don't know.  Maybe I'm just totally over the whole concept of bread companies.
4	If you want to spend time on the internet and have a nice meal this is a great place for it.  Some things on the menu are better than others, but the ambiance is nice and the wifi works well.
4	Thank you yelp to introducing me to my favorite unique sandwich spot!Wildflower is a cute chain, very much like panera bread, incorperating the norm with fun and funky but warm flavors.  With a great range of bread choices, different mustards and cheeses, toppings and combos and sides, its hard to not find a sandwich you will love.  Though I've had a lot of different things here, my absolute FAVORITE sandwich in this world is the BLT plus.  Do me a favor - do the BLT plus, switch brie for cheddar, and add cucumber - and you will be sandwich heaven.
3	So, this is one of my favorite breakfast plates..the Ham and Brie Frittata, my way. I ask that they cut the brie by half and double the apples and leeks. Nine grain toast with butter and Black Cherry jam and it comes with a side of roasted rosemary potatoes.Why just three stars? Well, here's the thing at this location. Up until yesterday when I got stellar service, the service has always been mediocre enough that I would crave this particular favorite and then hesitate because I wasn't sure if it was worth the aggravation (I am totally anal about good customer service, to the point of rudeness). If every time I was in it was yesterday's experience, then 5 stars all the way.Has management changed, perhaps? Service was near perfect, everyone was cheery and my meal was error free. Great JOB!If yelp allows revising of reviews, then I will certainly revisit this in a month or two if I see that this is the new constant as opposed to a fluke. Food's very good, though, so gotta give it a Thumbs Up for that ;-D
4	Shortly after I wrote this review on Wildflower I got a personal message from the OWNER of the company thanking me and assuring me that the service I recently got is the standard now. I couldn't believe how fast he responded and am very impressed. Really appreciated how responsive Louis was and will gladly go back time and time again.Louis and Wildflower rocks!
5	We went in again and this time on what I have to consider one of their busiest times, Sunday mid morning for brunch. The service was fast and flawless!Wildflower and Louis you convinced me! 5 stars!
5	I so don't usually do places like this but I have to say it's pretty damn good. The service is great, the prices are very reasonable and the food is awesome.I have a friend who always wants to meet here and I went for my second time today. I had the ham and cheese sandwich with the tomato bread salad- kicked ass.... and it was like $7!The service has been really good both times I've been, the people that bring the food to you have a real smile, and when they ask if there is anything else they can get you- they actually stand still long enough to listen to your answer. I am so sick of going to places that are so busy being really cool and overpriced that they forget to give you good food so this place is refreshing- Score Wildflower Bread Company!
5	I'm what you could call a regular.......TOP 6! (Hardest top 6 ever composed)-breakfast: shortstack of lemon ricotta pancakes w/ side of blueberry compote. UM JUST THE NAME MAKES YOU DROOL-sweet: chocolate covered croissant. think about it. how can you resist!?-sandwich: SPICY MEATBALL (get meatballs cut in halves, too big to eat whole!) -salad: oriental chicken salad. the best I have ever had.-cake: CARROT CAKE!!!! or if it's in season, PUMPKIN PIE!!!! best of the best of the besssssssttttttt-soup: POTATO SOUP. NOTORIOUS FOR THIS!THE END. let me know how it works out. :)
5	This is the IT location in the area. The food is delicious, well prepared and comes in generous servings. This is the best breakfast place in ALL of the Phoenix Valley! Their lunches are generous and remind us of our meals back in Palo Alto's Printer's Ink and Los Altos Le Boulanger. The dinner selection is limited to pastas but they are very well executed dishes. Artisan breads, not chemical laden soft bread, is used for all the entrees.Our family favorites at breakfast are the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes with blueberry compote, the two egg breakfast with homestyle fries, the kids silver dollar pancakes, fruit salad with yogurt and always a side of sausage.The year round favorite soup is their potato cream cheese soup.  Our seasonal favorites are the pumpkin, butternut squash and tomato bisque.From their lunch offerings we usually order, the BLT sandwich, Petite Caesar salad with chicken, the chicken salad sandwich, tuna sandwich and the kids grilled cheese sandwich.For dinner we love the Salmon Alfredo occasionally alternating with their Pesto Chicken with Linguini or the Butternut Squash Ravioli.The passion fruit ice tea is refreshing and their coffee is always perfect. The desserts are delicious and never disappoints us.The staff is always trying to please the customers. The place is a zoo at the usual hours. Bring your patience if you arrive for lunch on Saturday or Breakfast/Lunch time on Sunday. This is a great place for dates, families, out of town guests, business breakfasts, business lunches, catering.
4	we actually try to avoid chains at all costs but we were meeting some friends soon to be moving away, there for breakfast. but i guess i eat (he, he) my own words because we love oregano's, ra sushi....so maybe i should say....we try to LIMIT our chain dining. my ultimate breakfast consists of perfect pancakes, waffles, or french toast...or a light, fluffy omelet with toast/english muffin and honey....or 3 fried eggs over medium with grits and sausage (well, sausage before i stopped eating meat....damn this vegetarian diet). all i'm saying is, i like my breakfasts simple, but filling....and the coffee should be very, very, good. wildflower has great coffee. the desserts sitting there looked absolutely divine. but with the new year, we are trying to decrease our intake of sugar and bready desserts, so of course i order the stuffed french toast. it was good, not great. i like it when i'm not hungry 3 hours later, but i guess that's a good thing...indicative that their meals are geared towards not overstuffing their patrons (but looking at that dessert counter....holy pastry). my girlfriends egg/omelet thing with eggplant and other assorted veggies was also good, but not great. we don't add any salt to any of our food, but even this item tasted bland to me. what can i say, i should've gotten the lemon ricotta pancakes....for the two of us, 16 bucks (2 breakfasts, unlimited coffee refills and one hot tea). not too bad.....
3	I love their selection of salads even more so then Paradise Bakery which I am also a big fan of, and I loved their sweet potato sandwich! I also enjoy that they have pasta dishes to choose from. I am a huge fan of both Wildflower and Paradise Bakery for Fast Foods.
4	After sampling their tasty roast beef and Gorgonzola mashed potatoes in a champagne glass at Yelp in Bloom I HAD to have this for lunch the next day. I woke up the following morning craving it and immediately looked up their menu online. I found the braised beef sandwich and called in my order. The quoted my 15 minutes, but I got there in less than 10 and it was ready. You can pick up call in orders at the first register when you walk right in. So convenient. They also have seating right outside on the sidewalk, but it's not covered so there isn't much shade around during the lunch hour. It was everything I remembered. Whoever thought of putting mashed potatoes in a sandwich was brilliant. The sandwich comes with roast beef with Gorgonzola mashed potatoes and you get a side of horseradish and au jus on the side. It also comes with sweet potato chips. Well done, Wildflower. Well done. I was never much of a fan of yours before, but this one is a winner.
1	Go for breakfast or dinner (after 3). Lunches are lacking. I ordered their Chopped Salad (which is a knockoff of the Stetson salad from Cowboy Chiao). I've had it before and it was pretty good. This time, they served it without 2 main ingredients which is pretty apparent if you're familiar with the Stetson's signature "rows" of ingredients. I pointed it out and they said those ingredients were out and offered me a cookie to compensate. If you know the salad is incomplete don't let customers pay $7.99 for it with the hopes they won't notice or be too shy to speak up. With so many great options in the Scottsdale Airpark area, I doubt I'll ever be back. SadOh, by the way, Cowboy Chiao is located on Stetson Drive in Old Town Scottsdale. The Stetson salad is only $10.99 and they actually take pride in it. It's a must try.
4	Went specifically for the Roast Beef & Gorgonzola sandwich.  Still fresh in my memory, I refused to share and wanted my own, "I want it and I want it NOW!"It really is a delicious & rich sandwich!  My recommendation; ask for it on a different roll/bread OR keep it on the sourdough and make your own "dipped" sandwich!!!
4	Stopped in here for a quick sandwich....didn't know what to expect as it was our first trip here. The place was full inside and outside....no room for seating but as we live near by decided to get our order to go.I had the roasted sweet potato - which was sweet potato, mozzarella, fig confit, tomato arugula, marinated fennel and balsamic vinaigrette on a herb focaccia ..... it was truly delicious + giant .... managed to stretch it to two meals : ) My husband had the braised beef hot sandwich - which was beef and rosemary - gorgonzola mashed potatoes on a grilled ciabatta roll served with au jus and horseradish sauce. Very tasty.Considering how busy they were we did not have much of a wait and it was packed really well to go. A great little place to grab a healthy bite.
4	I really like their chocolate chip scone.  It tastes great and really is quite large.Also, it's nice that they have a selection of newspapers to read while you are there.
5	Took my boyfriend here for lunch as we were 'on our own' for lunch on my recent visit. I had the Turkey Breast & Brie and he had the Grilled Turkey Pastrami. I must admit when I saw his sandwich I was jealous and unsure of mine, but alas - they were both delicious! Well, actually I never got to taste his because he didn't share, but it looked amazing and he didn't speak much so we'll say that he agrees. We were here at an off-peak time on a Friday so it wasn't crowded and the wait wasn't very long to get our food. I think it's a great gourmet sandwich place with bakery items and coffee which is a great  alternative to fast food and the couple of restaurants in the center.  I'm sure the locals who work in the area frequent it often!
5	I really love Wildflower because you can quickly get a good meal with quality ingredients at a reasonable price point.  I specifically love this store because the service is great and the store is always immaculately clean.Also, kudos to Wildflower's CEO, Louis Basile, for having a twitter presence and for caring about the guests' experiences.
3	Good sandwiches and good bread.  Gives me a Panera feeling, but with definitely better quality and taste.  Tried subsequently the nine grain bagel, and that was really good.
5	I've been a fan of the sandwich with roasted sweet potato, mozzarella, fig confit, tomato arugula, marinated fennel and balsamic vinaigrette on a herb focaccia for a long time now....although I have it made on the nine grain bread because I just don't like so much bread and the focaccia is huge. Now, I have a new fav! Stopped in yesterday on the way to the airport and ordered the new Chopped Salad. It comes with Salmon which I don't eat ( being a vegetarian) so they offered to sub hummus or portobello mushrooms. I chose the hummus which was very tasty but the salad was totally delicious!!  It has Israeli couscous, dried sweet corn, feta cheese, craisins, red peppers,  and sunflower seeds all artfully laid out on a bed of arugula. They serve it with a pesto vinagrette on the side which is my favorite because I hate salads that are dripping with dressing.This is a great place to get healthy, fresh food at a good price. It's an order at the counter place so very quick.  Parking is always slim if you want to be steps from the front door but there is a huge parking lot right there so really......enjoy the exercise and walk a few steps!For vegetarians, you actually have choices on the menu. Not just one meatless option like so many other restaurants.
4	Have to update review to mention the Banana Nut Loaf.....it is delicious! We bought a loaf to go during our last lunch trip here and ate it all the next day! It was really fresh, moist and full of flavor the best Banana Bread my husband and I have ever had.
4	Is it my imagination or has the amount of home fries they serve been significantly reduced? I was there for breakfast this morning and ordered their Honey-cured ham and brie frittata, which was excellent, but it seemed to me that there were only half as many home fries as usual. Also, had to tell them they had run out of their house blend coffee. This is not the first time I have been there and they have run out of their house blend. Don't get me wrong, I love this place. Their vegetarian lentil soup is fantastic. I just hope they don't start cutting corners and can keep up the good work..
5	I truly can't think of what's not to love about Wildflower. There is alot of variety for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, you can pick up fresh bread, and indulge on a multitude of sweets in the case. Food comes out fast and there are employees cleaning up empty tables very quickly. There hasn't been anything I haven't enjoyed except for the bulging belly I had from pigging out on a chocolate cupcake with chocolate frosting after my lunch! Y-U-M. I generally choose the pick two combo and get a half salad with a half sandwich. The ingredients seem plentiful and fresh. Today I had this awesome salad that had Alaskan salmon, corn, red peppers (I had them remove the peppers), cranberries, crumbled white cheese, couscous, sunflower seeds over greens with a pesto vinaigrette. Anything pesto and I am in. They also brought 2 servings of a generous sized bread that I dipped in the pesto dressing. Other than the bread, the salad seemed so healthy!  I spent almost $9  for lunch today but it was worth it. I just found out there is a location closer to me on 42nd St and Indian School which is going to be D-A-N-G-E-R-O-U-S!!!!
5	Look at the size of those!I don't know much about the other stuff here, but the breakfast pastries areToDieForPicked up a bear claw, raspberry tart thingy, sticky bun with pistachios on top, cinnamon roll and a cheese danish.  Everything was super yummy and moist.  I think all five things were under $3 each, but I didn't pay.  At other places in Scottsdale (e.g. Scratch) you couldn't buy anything for 3 bills.Oh, and they all happen to be GINORMOUS!  I'm talking a bear claw that was probably about 6 inches long and I could barely palm the sticky bun!  For better or worse, size matters at this place.
5	I have been going here for 10 years.  The outside seating is gone now, but it was terribly noisy once the 101 was built.  This used to back pima rd. when there was a pima rd.  The remodel was fantastic.  More seating and a modern atmosphere reminiscent of bellagio and other new vegas sites. This place has the best bread and desserts! I especially like the $2 honor system bread purchase. I use this often.  I used to not go for a long time because it was such a hassle to wait on a huge line just to get a baguette to go.  This location took care of that problem, and at only $2 a baguette. That's a steal!Ciabatta rolls are the best i have found for take out and making sandwiches at home. Real crispy out and soft in.  Best place to buy sourdough loaves too.  Everything is fresh.try the deserts!  it took me years to try it, now it's a must have every time.
5	It's about 8:30AM Monday morning and I'm getting a little anxious.  Refresh my inbox, grr still not there.  Somedays I lose my patience, I can't wait a moment longer and go to the website directly.  Ahhh the weekly Wildflower Soup Rotation.  I am a soup person and I am extremely fond of their soups here, but I have to say I am mildly obsessed with their currently on their Wednesday & Saturday rotation Forest Mushroom soup.  Okay if you are a fan of mushrooms you are missing out on the pot of gold at the end of your fungi rainbow :)  This soup has it all, wood ear, crimini, king, probably even some of those good old fashioned white buttons too, in a rich, slightly thick, broth with a hint of wine that truly brings it to another level.  I mean the first time I had this soup I looked around to make sure I was really sitting in a casual concept lunch-driven eatery and not a white tablecloth, escargot eating establishment.I also have not had a sandwhich or saladhere I have not liked, the quality of the food frankly still surprises me as this local chain continues to expand.  The only downside is I don't think their pastry side is as fantastic as the savory portion of their menu, but hey I will happily skip the peach muffin for another cup of soup.  Also the Pima location is my favorite, the staff is extremely courteous, friendly and cheerful!PS They are great with mixing soups here too and won't give you the funny face or we don't know how to do that answer you may get from other restaurants.  Try Italian pepper and the tomato soup or Chicken Curry with the Roasted Corn!
4	I really like this place again. Ten years ago I was a fan but it went downhill and I stopped going. I tried it again about 2 years ago and have been back many times since. They have great pastries, espresso drinks, and main breakfast items. Lunch is great too with bread bouls optional for the daily soups and a few unusual fare items. I really liked their tomato bread salad which they have discontinued but they still have a lot of different salads. I have also been to the WBC near 44th St and Indian School - same menu. I usually try to go off hours to avoid the lines and filled booths. You can call ahead for take out.
5	These guys do breakfast, lunch & dinner right.  Usually someone only does one or the other, but not them.  We love it!
5	Yummy!!! This place has the best soup. I've ordered several of them and they are all so good. The prices are reasonable and they have great healthy options. And they put lavender in their salads which is suprisingly good!
5	Love, love this place. Super fresh bread, meat, ingredients. I get the roast beef sandwich on wheat. Roasted peppers is a nice touch. Incredible lemonade and iced tea (make an Arnold Palmer). Ive been to Sedona and other Phx locations, which were great too.
4	I found this place on Yelp and choose it because of all the great reviews. I had never heard of it and was slightly disappointed when I walked in and saw that it looked a lot like Panera.  Well it is like Panera, but only GOOD!  You order at the front - and choose from salads, sandwiches, and soups. A lot of different baked goods.  They give you a number and then bring the food to your table.  I had the wildflower salad with cilantro and lavender dressing. So good with chopped veggies and mixed greens.  I also ordered the lentil soup which was served too hot and it took too long to cool down so I didn't get to eat but a bite or two (I was in a hurry).  Warning: I went mid-week at lunch time and the place was packed.  There was no place to sit so I had to ask to share a table with another person.
4	Recently moved to Scottsdale and met a new friend for lunch at the Pima location. When I told the staff I needed gluten free they immediately made suggestions and offered choices that worked for me. The food was good and the staff was accommodating and friendly. They made me feel so welcome as a new Scottsdale resident.
5	I can't believe I never tried this place before. I guess the name threw me off. Sounds like a Bakery, right? Well I was going to try this other restaurant and stumbled upon this place.I was pleasantly surprised because it looked like a Panera Bread and has an awesome offering of soups, multiple sandwich combinations, pastries, and breakfast.I had the braised beef which had rosemary-gorgonzola mashed potatoes on a grilled Ciabatta roll, served with au jus, horseradish sauce, original and sweet potato chips for $7.99. It was delicious and just the right serving size. My wife had the half Wildflower Chicken Salad chicken breast, red and green peppers, jicama, celery, green onion, lemon, garlic and mayo with tomato, cucumber, romaine and clover sprouts on Nine Grain for $7.19 plus the French Onion Soup. She loved every bite and slurp. I just wish the tables weren't so close together. It would be ok to walk between tables if you were a 90 pound gymnast. But, sadly, most of us aren't built that way.I can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.
4	This has been one of our regular breakfast spot for the past six years.  Before the twins we would hang out all morning on Sundays, spread our papers and relax and comment about the different articles we were reading.  We still go, but now we have to hit the fast forward button and make sure we stay enough time that the twins are not bored.  We try to be considerate towards the other patrons.
2	I love love love their Salmon Chopped Salad and their Vegetarian Soups are fantastic. But I have three critiques:1) Kids meal should could with fruit and/or vegetable. A grilled cheese sandwich and a cookie is not a balanced meal. The side of fruit at over $3 is RIDICULOUS. There should be a kids fruit side at the very least.2) I have submitted two requests for non-profit donations and have been denied. I find this upsetting as I am such a regular customer.3) There should me more to offer kids to to drink...
4	Wrote some feedback on Yelp and heard from someone "upstairs" VERY QUICKLY. Extremely impressed...
5	Love their bagels in the morning!Their sandwiches and salads are fresh.
5	Beyond obsessed with the chocolate chip scone here! When I am craving a sweet treat, this is what I want/need!I love to meet friends here and sit outside.  My favorite meal is a cup of potato cream cheese soup and the BLT Plus (I sub cucumber instead of the tomato, ask them to leave the mayo off and sub brie for the cheddar).  It is perfection!My son ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes with the blueberries and a side of bacon and he was completely raving about his meal.  That's saying a lot!Service is friendly and helpful, the restaurant is always inviting and clean and we always leave with a few shortbread cookies "for later".I will be back to try the Chopped Salad with salmon ~ it seems that every person around us was enjoying one last time we were there.
5	If you want a bagel done right, come to this Wlidflower location....
3	Dear Wildflower,Have I told you how much I love the Hot Cross Buns you sell only during Easter?  I was at work last night chatting among the guests, greeting them a happy holiday, when I realized that it was that time of the year again when those sweet hot cross buns (called that bec. of the white icing placed on top of each bun in the style of the cross to commemorate the holiday) are only available from WBC and I better find an open WBC (I get off at 8p) to buy them ASAP!  Sadly, I have to swipe off as much of the sweet icing, which makes the buns positively sinful, as I can before tasting because my immune system can't handle it*, but I've found an equally delicious new way to enjoy the buns-- pop 'em into the toaster oven for a few minutes, just enough to make them flaky on the outside, and very warm and aromatic on the inside (how else would they get with all of those dried cranberries, golden raisins, and figs in there?!?!) and slather on some organic sweet cream butter.  Mmm... incredible!Is it too early to place my order for Hot Cross Buns for next Easter?  :)*Could I suggest that the company create a granulated-sugar based icing for customers allergic to powdered sugar-based icing?  That way, not only would we be able to enjoy the hot cross buns as intended, but we could also try your wonderful-looking cupcakes, cakes, cookies, muffins, and other pastries!  Just a suggestion...
4	I love Wildflower. Their fresh fruit salad is delicious!
5	This was my second time visiting WBC and a few of my coworkers went here for lunch today. My first time I was about 95% pleased with my meal, realizing that I just didn't like what I got. This time I had the chicken parmesan which was delicious. Perfectly seasoned, perfect serving, it was bomb. I'll def be back
5	If you believe bread makes a great sandwich, you will want to check out this place. I had the sausage and egg sandwich on 9 grain toasted. You could taste the fresh ingredients that all worked together beautifully. I will be back.
5	An excellent Turkey and Swiss Cheese sandwich on the nine-grain bread!
3	I take my family to this location because we enjoy the meals they prepare. The soups are great, the salads are gourmet and sandwiches are very good with complex flavors. As a bakery, can we please stop selling burned or overcooked bread?? Please? These were not sold in error, they were covered in a thick layer of white flower to hide the fact that this loaf was actually black. Wildflower, PLEASE, what in the world are you thinking?? Throw that one out... Don't let me find out when I get home that this loaf is burned and dry to the core. We have picked up other loafs that were quite good and we figured that a bad one slipped though. Well, another bad one slipped though but the fact that it was bad was covered up with a thick layer of flower. I still like the salads, and I still enjoy the soups. Wildflower, you need get your bakery in order before I bother with Any more bad bread at a premium price.
5	Once again Wildflower proves why it's my favorite breakfast hangout! Jeff the Manager on staff today rocks! Some of us hangout at a restaurant to make it a working meal...and sometimes, during that time Nature calls...so I asked the busboy to not clear my table as I needed to step away for a moment and he cheerfully agreed. I came back to find my table cleared by new patrons who had taken it upon themselves to steal my table (I guess the fact that the food was only half eaten, and the water and coffee were still half filled were no clue). The busboy was upset that he'd turned his back for just a moment and Jeff came to the rescue...after apologizing to me and finding the perfect way to make it right, he vowed to let the new people know that they were rather um 'overly proactive' in clearing the table themselves and that he had some people who regularly relaxed and worked in the restaurant and do step away.He handled the situation with me just right and I am sure that those people that took my table were made to gently understand that they need to ask before taking an uncleared table.Kudos to Jeff and the staff for making me so happy I had to tell everyone here...and to the couple who took my table, if you are reading this...did you REALLY need that booth? I mean, when I came out of the can there were like, I dunno, 5 empty tables...seriously? Like, did you propose there or something????
4	Friendly and fast service, decent prices and good food.  Solid lunch spot.  However, I hate this location.  It gets uber busy on weekends and is a hassle.  I hate driving around this horribly designed shopping plaza on a normal day but on the weekends it is even worse.  There is really nothing wrong with this Wildflower except for the location.  I'm going to stick to the one on Indian Bend.  Its much roomier.  Anyway, the Fiery Butternut Squash salad is awesome as is their chopped salad.  They are some of the best salads in town.
4	Love the food.  Hate the location.Driving around this shopping complex can be a headache at anytime.  And to make it worse there's very limited parking near Wildflower, so if you don't park close you could have a long walk across a very busy parking lot.  Not a very smart or safe situation.  The small amount of spots located near the restaurant (and the couple of shops around it) are also hard to pull in and out of.All the food I've tried from Wildflower is delicious.  There's a unique twist to all of the sandwiches and salads.  Just don't lie to yourself that it's healthy.  Like most other sandwich shops, everything is packed with a high fat and/or calorie count.  Especially the salads.  I've never tried any of the baked goods; they just never look like they're worth it.
5	This is a great place to grab a yummy healthy lunch. I took my dad here on his birthday and he absolutely loved it! My favorites is the BLT Plus and a bowl of one of their soups....soooo goood!
4	I've got to give mad props to any business that really checks up on it's Yelp reviews!  While I gave Wildflower a positive four star review, I did point out a few things about the location and restaurant that I did not like.  Wildflower's founder, Louis, contacted me to tell me that he agrees with my assessment of the parking situation outside the restaurant, and to show me where customers could find nutritional information and ways to order their meals to fit their dietary needs.While stopping in for a soup and half sandwich order for lunch, I decided to try a baked good on this visit.  It was just a chocolate chip cookie, nothing crazy, but I've got to say it was a very tasty cookie.  Perhaps a scone or muffin will be in order next time I drive by.
5	Love, love, love Wildflower! It's the type of place to consistently get a fantastic breakfast or lunch. The bread is scrumptious, the desserts fantastic, and the salads to die for.My standard order for lunch is the Chopped Salad with nine grain bread. I love that you can pick what type of bread comes with your salad. The salmon is always perfectly cooked, and the couscous and dried cranberries really add something extra. For breakfast, I usually go with the Roasted Tomato Feta & Egg Sandwich, which comes on ciabatta bread, or the Feta & Roasted Vegetable Frittata. The breakfast sandwich is one of the best I've ever had.They offer two custom iced teas: passion fruit and green tea with guava. Both are delicious. The small drink size is really small, so I typically get a medium even when I dine in.Yes, it gets busy. Between noon and 1 there is an influx of people from the local offices on their lunch hour. Many people also use the dining area for "working lunches." There are outlets on the bottom of each of the booths, making it great for working on your laptop. If you choose one of these peak times, watch out for table hawks. You know the ones who hover over your table and swoop in to claim their territory. It also makes navigating the maze to the drink station quite a challenge.Parking can be a challenge, but if you don't mind a little extra walk it's less crazy to park farther away. Wildflower is tucked away in the back corner of a U shaped part of the shopping center at Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101.The outdoor seating is really quite pleasant, and a great place to bring your pup. On multiple occasions, one of the kind staffers has brought out a water bowl. You can also just ask for a soup bowl when you order. I love the cute umbrellas they added recently! Really helps on the sweltering summer days.
1	Nope. Nope. Nope. Where do I start?The food tasted AWFUL...I got the chicken parmesan...I don't know whats up with this place and lettuce...but apparently I can't order a simple chicken Parmesan without leaves; gross leaves at that; in every bite!The place was really crowded and the lady at the register wasn't very friendly.There was an employee who delivered our meal to us who was really friendly, which stood out to me!Sorry Wildflower, I won't be repeating this visit. I would not recommend to a friend. :(
3	i want to give Wildflower a four star but...  The food and salads are good, Wildflower grilled cheese is awesome!  Soups and salads are great too except for some soups that are just too salty for my taste.  Prices are kinda steep for lunch.  Do not order a takeout around noon!  I've been put on hold for more than 10 minutes and once when I said something about it, the answer was "if you want takeout, put your order in around 10am, do not call around noon because we are too busy"...  excuse me???  If you are too busy around noon, then maybe have a person dedicated to answering phone calls for takeout orders?  Seriously.  This was a most disappointing answer...
4	If you bake, and are good at it, then let me make a suggestion. Try this place. No matter how good you think you are, or what your friends and family say about your baked goods, they're lying. Probably because they like you and don't want to hurt your feelings. You need to do this. If for no other reason, so you can see how the shit you've been baking all these years is slightly better than an Easy Bake Oven recipe.But that's not why I go here.I go here for their cranberry scones, which taste just like my moms.But mom is gone now, and with her, all of her recipes since my whore of a sister absconded with them, forcing me to visit on a fairly regular basis. Which brings me back to my youth, when we would routinely pull a 'dine n dash', running out of the restaurant after a meal. Well I'm pretty sure the owner knows what he's got with those scones....he's got the little fuckers under glass, behind another curtain of glass, and totally out of reach. It's like he's guarding the Hope Diamond or something. No dine n dash even remotely possible here. You'll have to pay for them, unless your'e so inclined toward boosting the joint, which if you do, I hope you get caught, sentenced for armed robbery,  and as your grand finale, butt-raped in prison when the inmates on your cell block learn you're doing a five year stretch on a scone armed robbery.
5	WOW!  Wildflower Bread Company is as good as it gets indeed!!!  After I wrote my review, I got an email from the founder, Louis, who was very concerned about my review and he indicated that a remedy would be in place to correct the issue.  This is what is called, good Customer Service!!!  Along with this, came a refund in the mail for the meal ordered and a gift card to give Wildflower another chance.  I haven't had the opportunity to return to Wildflower as yet and will make my way there one of these days and see how much improved the service is.  Thank you Mr. Basile for taking the time to read and listen to my review.  You are a person of good character and value what consumers have to say about your business...  Best.
5	This place is top notch. The service is impeccable, the food is great and always fresh and the bread...mmmmm the bread, so good.  The best around.The service is good, people are nice especially considering this place is a zoo 24/7.  There is always a smile on their face and always happy to accommodate, which is hard to come by nowadays.
3	Wildflower; listen up.There are certain veggies, spices and condiments that work well in a tuna fish sandwich.For the benefit of your head chef, I'll list a few:Tuna Do'sMayoGreen onionCeleryJicamaHard boiled eggSweet or dill relishLemon juiceChopped bell or red pepperFresh dillLettuce (except radicchio)Olive oilCanola oilSaltPepperPurple onionCelery seedWater chestnutsTuna Don'tsMustard; coarse ground, dark yellow deli mustard!!!!Time out. DId you see mustard on my 'Do's' list? Of course you didn't and do you know why? Because no-one puts mustard on fucking tuna you idiots. What the hell are you people thinking?Your bread is delicious. No-one can ever fault its chewy crust and moist, tender crumb. But your tuna?Your tuna is so bad, it's like if they held a contest for the worst tasting tuna in the entire universe, (which they will someday and Trump will likely host it)  you'd win it hands down.Seriously, biting into one of those little round mustard seeds with a mouthful of tuna just about gagged me till I wanted to cry.It reminded me of that scene from the movie 'Big' where Tom Hanks was spitting out his caviar and wiping his tongue with a napkin.
5	My friend and I have literally spent the last week at this place studying for a national exam we have coming up. We've eaten 2-3 meals here per day for the last five days and honestly everything I've had has been so good. And the prices are great! What I love the most are the people who work there. They are so friendly. Everyone coming to our table and promptly removing plates, the manager just asking if we're doing ok, and making sure the Internet is working right. I mean really a nice place so spend a morning, evening, and like us... Entire days!! :)
4	While the location may not be ideal due to the 101 traffic I really can't fault this Wildflower otherwise as it has quickly become my "go to" reading/study spot in the Valley.  From the various seating options to the freely refillable coffee to the steady wi-fi, free newspapers, and excellent decorations by Newt Glass I see myself spending many Saturday and Sundays here even if I'll likely never eat any of their food-stuffs.
5	I've only been to this location, so I can't speak for any others. I absolutely love their salads. I can make mine the way I like it and it's super good. I have ordered the exact same type from Paradise Bakery and I can say that I'd rather eat Wildflower's each time if given the choice. Always comes with yummy bread that tastes so good with the dressing. They also have a lovely section of baked goods and breakfast foods. Really nice atmosphere and everyone is super nice to me. I love to call in my order and pick it up. Only time I had a problem was when someone put cheese on my salad and they not only re-made it for me, but the manager gave me a giftcard, I love this place, just wish it was cheaper! Still highly recommend. I hope to try their pasta's soon, but they are only available after a certain time so I cannot comment on that yet :)
4	Yummy breakfast!  Enjoyed the pancakes.
1	Came here for a cup of soup to go. I guess there is a spot for pick up orders and the regular line. I assumed since I was taking to go I would be able to order my soup and go since I had to be back in to work in 15 minutes. The girl at the register asked me for a pick up order and I told her I didn't know I had to call ahead and I just wanted a cup of soup to go. She informed me Id have to wait in the regular mile long line just to get a to go order because I had not ordered it on the phone. So I can go outside place the order on my phone and pick it up..but when it comes to asking you in the store I cant? If someone is getting something to go most of the time its because their in a hurry and need to get back to work. She was very rude and told me well the line is going pretty fast anyways. Well needless to say by the time I got the soup and returned to work my break was up and I couldn't even eat the soup! I really loved Wildflower but I that put such a bad taste in my mouth. I don't think I'll ever return.
4	Wildflower offers a healthy, price competitive alternative to the ho-hum sandwich and soup guys!This past Saturday, after running around, we decided to take a break and have a lite dinner.  We arrived a little after five, having debated if we wanted to go to Paradise Bakery.  Paradise is not our favorite soup and salad place, because of the ever diminishing portions.  I'm waiting for them to downsize the chocolate chip cookie next!  For some reason, we always forget about Wildflower.  It's mostly because of its location, parking and access from FLW and Northsight.  Probably not the best reasons, I know.  As always, we enjoyed the food and it wasn't crowded that night.  We both believe the Wildflower's Chicken Pistachio Pomegranate Salad is wonderful!  It's has shredded Chicken breast served on top of some Arugula, with feta, oranges, olives, red peppers, red onions & toasted pistachios with a Pomegranate Vinaigrette, all for $8.29We also had the Rare roast beef, gorgonzola, roasted red pepper, red onion, romaine, tomato and herb mayo on Sourdough bread that they advertise as 94% fat-free for $7.49. I love anything with gorgonzola cheese.  So much nicer than blue cheese!In summary, our bill came to $21.74 with both the salad and sandwich being delicious, with some unique flavors and tastes that linger.  We also bought some bagels for breakfast.  Nice.Enjoy!
4	I love their grown up version of a grilled cheese sandwich.  Any sandwich would probably be delicious since they make wonderful bread.  It's a good place to go with the kids,  Everyone gets something they will like in a relaxed, casual environment.
5	My family has always enjoyed the food here, but I wanted to pass along a great customer service experience we had at the Scottsdale Hayden location.My husband and I  recently took our college age daughter out for dinner there. She had just had her tonsils out and was looking forward to the chicken soup. Unfortunately, that was not on the menu. When we mentioned the situation to the cashier, she went back to the kitchen and let them know. Almost immediately, a member of the staff came out and put the chicken soup back on the menu!That small gesture really made our night.
3	03/13/13Got out of bed this morning specifically to go and pick up the special order I'd placed for Currant-caraway Irish soda bread, which was slated for 8a.  I arrived around at around 830a, but none of the bags already prepared had my name on it.  After checking and re-checking the bags for my name and not finding any, the mid-50s to early-60s' female clerk finally grabbed one out of the shelves.  She then asked if I wanted it sliced, and I said yes, but quickly asked if I could get half of the bread sliced up now.  She said she could cut the bread in half, and I thought that she would follow the instructions through.  When I saw her package the two halves together in one bag, I asked if she could take half of the bread and put it through the slicer, and she said "whatever you want."  To round out the transaction, I had a cranberry scone added to my order.I had a little sample of the bread while driving back home, and it was good, but not as great as those tiny rolls I tried at the Yelp party eleven days ago.  I much-prefer the smaller ratio of crust to tender bread.Here's to healthy eating!  As with most things in life, enjoy carbs with moderation!  :)
4	Like a better version of Panera.. The 9 grain bread was delicious and fresh. The chicken salad sandwich was interesting with jicama, but good. I liked their sunflower salad, though it was a bit too heavily dressed. I would definitely go back again.
4	Parking at this location is terrible because it gets incredibly jammed and it's a little chaotic ordering/getting food but if you can look past those, you will be rewarded with delicious fresh food.Whenever I'm in the mood for soup and sandwich or just a sandwich that isn't a deli standard, this is my go to spot.  The Wildflower grilled cheese is absolutely delicious, it alone gets me in the door.  The sweet potato sandwich is also fantastic.  Their soups are always excellent and they have at least two vegetarian soups to choose from (you hear that other similar concept chain).  The breads are top notch and their pastries are good.  They make a decent latte too.If you're looking for a bread/bakery/soup/sandwich type place with nice iced tea and coffee drinks - this one beats the other one in my opinion.
4	We decided to go out for a lite dinner tonight and we remembered this place. My family really enjoys this place plus we were trying to find a place to eat that had some soft food for my son since he got his wisdom teeth out. We walked in and the place was very clean and welcoming. I ordered the Triple Club and was a little leary cause I'm not a real fan of nine grain bread but sandwich was really good. It was just booming with flavor. The Asian Salad was very good and my daughter had the chicken pesto sandwich with a Cesar salad. She loves the sandwich and declared the Cesar salad as the best she eaten. Then my son gobbled up the pesto chicken with linguini. So the food was very good as always. This place is becoming our favorite salad and sandwich place. Beats out Paradise Bakery.
4	Super Chop salad, great tea, very nice customer service... I look forward to coming again :)
4	I eat at this place for lunch about once a week. I love their soups especially, but really everything is pretty good. They also have a good flavored, unsweetened iced tea that I really like. Other nice touches include the personal sized lotions for guests in the bathrooms. The staff are typically helpful, although sometimes service can be a little slow due to the lunch rush that overtakes the restaurant mid-week around noon. We try to get there closer to 11am to avoid the crowd and hopefully get a seat in the dining area. Those who dare to arrive at noon are forced to hover like vultures over the tables in hopes someone will leave so they can snatch the seat. I recommend coming a little off the normal lunch peak to avoid such craziness, but otherwise thumbs up to this place.
3	Wildflower as a whole is a fantastic chain. I've never had a bad experience with anything the chain itself has control over. However, there are some things that, while not completely in Wildflowers control, only seem to have happened in this specific location. It's in the middle of a set of stores all nicely lined up... in a corner with a small parking lot for that specific section. This means that the parking lot is not so fun to navigate.I feel bad stating this as it is completely out of Wildflowers hands but is still relevant to whether you should pick this location or not. If you get there early or at specific times of the day, it's quite nice and not a problem - unless it gets packed while you're inside, then it's a pain to get out. However, if it's a busy time, then be ready to not only have a hard time finding seats inside, but in finding parking as well. I actually have had it happen a few times where I got stuck waiting behind someone in the parking lot who's waiting for that one spot that's a few feet closer than the other three spots that are rapidly being taken by other cars, but because the parking lot was so narrow I couldn't get around the car. The inside gets packed as well, but even when it's slower and only has a medium amount of customers, it still has limited seating. This means that sometimes you are there with your family and need a larger area for them, but you can only quietly groan as you see anywhere that would be comfortable is taken and that quite a few of the bigger places to sit are occupied by just one person playing on their cell phone. As I've not worked for Wildflower nor known anyone who has, I don't know what the regulations are for instances like that, especially in today's age where common courtesy is rare and when a customers review/rating rule more than actual productivity of the place - so asking someone to move might could actually hurt the restaurant-  but it's pretty annoying that this happens and it happens a lot at this specific location. Basically, Wildflower is a fantastic restaurant. Their bread is fantastic, their soups are wonderful as well, and I really enjoy some of their salads. The restaurant itself is great. However, there ARE better placed locations that have better parking for your car and have better seating inside (so better parking for your rear too). I wouldn't say don't come here as the service is pretty decent (not fantastic but not bad in any way), but that if you can go to another location without it being inconvenient then I'd recommend it.
5	Holy crap this place rocks...Think Panera on steroids and you've got a good idea of what to expect at Wildflower!I came here and ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes, and was shocked at how two seemingly odd flavors combined together so beautifully.  The blueberry compote was the cherry (or I guess blueberry) on top, and the perfect finish to these deliciously fluffy creations!  Service was with a smile, despite my drooling while looking their menu up and down...Next time I'm back in AZ, I'll surely be returning for their appetizing lunch soups/sandwiches too!
3	Went there Sunday sept 29. I didn't realize it was a deli. I like to be served when I go out and I would have left to go elsewhere but I was hungry and getting cranky. I didn't like the noise level and the way the restaurant was set up. Lots of tables all crammed together. But then what do I expect from a cafeteria? However, the breakfast sandwich I had was quite good. The bread was fresh and soft with a nice outer crust that wasn't too crispy. The egg filling was cooked perfect, not to dry or soggy. I won't go back because of the serve yourself deli, but I did enjoy my sandwich, but then I was very hungry.
4	This is a fantastic bakery to come to if you are looking for healthy "quick" food.  What I mean by quick is you pay up at the cashier first, then you receive your food, omitting the standard waiter to table type of restaurant.  I personally love that Wildflower is committed to offering healthy, fresh prepared food without the use of hormones or antibiotics in their meats.  One of the reasons I eat here is because they list all their ingredients and allergens on their website.  Not many restaurants do this, but it makes it so much easier to order straight off the menu  especially if you are like me and cannot eat dairy.  Some dairy free items that I like here are (omit the cheese and Vienna bread):  the Almond Tuna Sandwich, BLT Plus Sandwich, Chicken Salad Sandwich, Pasta Primavera.  Amazingly enough they offer one dessert that is not made with dairy or butter and that is the Chocolate Palmier, yum!One complaint:  You may not get a seat if its at lunchtime.  I have to arrive here right at 11am to grab a booth, otherwise you might be standing up to eat your dish during lunch.
5	This was my first time eating here. The service was great. They let me sample a soup i had never had before. The roasted red pepper soup was delicious!
4	Was 5 stars, now is (merely) 4 stars.  Which means it is still a damned sight better than most other places.  I go here about once a week for over a decade now.  Salads are the stars though sandwiches and baked goods are great too.  They regularly revise their menu which is great when they add some terrific new item but frustrating when that great new item falls of the menu again a few months later.
4	Great soups! I only wish they could offer gluten-free choices so I could try something else.
5	How awesome is this:We sat down to lunch and the manager came by to say they had an extra salad they had made by mistake. Would we like to eat it?Even better: it was worth paying full price for. I predict we'll be back before leaving town to get another. Wildflower is everything you wished Panera would be. But it's better. There's a reason why it's always crazy busy: the food rocks.
2	Consistently Inconsistent. Some days I come here for lunch and think "WOW, why don't I come here more often" and other times, I ponder the greatest question of all, "Why did I come back?" I love the Forest Mushroom Soup, I think it's fan-freaking-tastic. I do not love the bread it comes with, it's often rock hard as if it's been sitting out for days. I love the fruit salad. I do not love that unless you read the whole menu you will never know it comes with yogurt. So if you can't have dairy or you just think it's gross to have yogurt all over your grapes, you won't be pleased. I love the sweet potato sandwich. I hate that it's never the same. Sometimes it's dry, other times there's no fennel. UGHThe folks at the registers are rarely friendly but the folks who package up my lunch incorrectly are usually super nice. It's the little things, like when the cashier asks if I want utensils to go and there aren't any. Or they don't include the banana bread with the fruit salad, sometimes I get it, sometimes I don't.
4	The pastas at this location are some of the best I've ever had.  The other locations just don't compare in terms of pasta.  So good.  I'm only giving it 4 stars because they don't serve pasta until after 3 PM.
5	Friendly, fast service.I ordered the Sweet Potato sandwich, and the Pulled Pork sandwich to go. They were busy, but my order didn't take very long. Sweet Potato sandwich was really good. VERY different. Interesting to have potatoes in a sandwich. But it was delicious! I LOVED their pulled pork also. The flavor isn't as smokey like some bbq joints. They also didn't drown it in bbq sauce. That is probably why I loved it! The meat was so tender and juicy. It was slightly sweet, but not overwhelmingly so since it wasn't covered in bbq sauce. The bread for both sandwiches were nice and soft. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town. Heck....I might make a special trip just to eat here!! ;)The only thing I didn't care for was their potato salad which came with the Sweet Potato sandwich. It was meh. ^__^
5	I love Wildflower and frequently visit. My favorite thing on the menu is the seasonal Tuscan Kale salad! This location gets very busy for lunch so I call ahead and my food is always ready for me when I arrive.
4	I originally had given this place a 2 star rating. We weren't happy with the prices, service, and weren't blown away by the food...  However, I received an email from the owner that DID blow my mind.  That was service and a guarantee beyond anything I've seen before.  I will definitely go back again next spring when I'm in AZ and give Wildflower another shot.  Excellent customer service goes a long way in my book.
4	One of the better locations, this is a great lunch spot with new seasonal entries every few months. Sandwiches in the afternoon and pasta in the evening, they also have a great bakery assortment and of course, local bread. You will be waiting for a table during the peak lunch hour though so try and time your visit.
5	This place just gets it right with quality. Our Staff at New Serenity Spa is so grateful to have this awesome restaurant  right next door.  We refer our out of town guests because we believe in the quality and service.   The soups, sandwiches and pastries are amazing.  I also discovered  that this branch gives left overs to homeless shelters at the end of the evening.  Great food and a lot of heart!  Thank you Wildflower! :)
4	Great cranberry raisin bagels here! And the soups are really good too, especially the Chicken Lemon Vegetable!
4	I love this location and the staff. I stop in after any appointment I have up that way. The food is always great, the staff is top notch. Only gripe is the parking at busy times, but that can't be helped.
5	It was my second time here and I love this place came in for lunch extremely busy the manager with red hair had time to help us with our selection and was great!! She was all over the place helping everybody with a smile thanks for the experienceTanya
1	Yuck! I have given this place a couple of tries and never been happy. Clearly should have stopped going after the first visit. Just save your money and time and go to Paradise Bakery! They are much much better. Wildflower has weird tasting food - sauces, bread, cheese, sides. No normal food here.
5	I want to give a huge shout out I visited for the first time today a friend told me it rocked  I visited for lunch and placed my order with a female manager with with red hair and as I went for my wallet I realized I left it back at work and without hesitating she offered to pay for my meal I was Impressed I am now telling all my friends how great this place is I am sorry I did not get her name so I could recognize her!! I have never had that kind of service thanks Wildflower
4	Consistently good food - but I consistently order the petite chicken Caesar salad. Always comes with two huge hunks of bread that I vow not to finish and always do. I think the chicken they use in their salad is amazing - perfectly seasoned, thin and tender.I hate the prices ( $10 for my salad and a small iced tea,) and the noise level/seating area is insanity during peak lunch hours. Employees are friendly and service is fairly quick, especially considering the crowds they have to contend with.
5	Though I generally go for a nice bowl/cup of oatmeal, today I opted to try something new and I'm sure glad I did. I tried the Slow-Roasted Tomato, Feta, and Egg Sandwich....IT WAS EVERYTHING! The feta gave it a real special taste, the bread was perfect, and it wasn't overly buttered. I called my order in and it was promptly ready to go by the time I walked through the doors. The staff at this location are always friendly and courteous. I especially appreciate the fact that someone now confirms that my order is correct and all items are accounted for; there have been several instances where key elements were missing (i.e.; jam for my toast, utensils to eat with, no salad dressing, or not enough, for my salad...not sure exactly how that happened, but ok).I haven't had one bad food item yet! The food is plentiful. I never feel like I overpaid. The customer facing experience is always pleasant. I'm always satisfied. And, it's not junk-food.I WildCompany!p.s. I hope Mr. Basile will consider a reward program of sorts; I'd be on a role and working free entree numero veintidos or something like that. Lol
5	We tried their sandwiches and soups, and they were very yummy. The interior is delightful and bright. Definitely would go back!
4	The only thing keeping me from giving them five stars is the line out the door. That said, I stopped here twice on a recent weekend trip to Scottsdale . We stayed nearby, and had a delicious salad and sandwiches one day, and picked up a box of baked goods to share with the family we were visiting. The cranberry scones are the bomb ! Everything was really scrumptious , wish we had one in SoCal !!
5	The food here is amazing, the soups and salads are especially yummy. You can't go wrong with fresh made bread !! The staff are super friendly and even if there is a line you move thru very fast.....this is making me hungry, I think I will go there for lunch today!!
5	One of my new favorite spots in Scottsdale!  Great anytime of day!  Excellent courteous service. Great with substitutions!  Good to eat in or take out and good breakfast, lunch or dinner. Great sandwiches and salads. Good bakery too. Definitely a great casual staple.
3	Consistent food.  The mushroom soup is good.
5	I am a "raving fan" when it comes to Wildflower! My favorite sandwich is the Roast Beef and Gorgonzola. I also LOVE the Morning Glory Muffins and the Chocolate Chip Scones! Every time I talk about eats in the valley, I always mention Wildflower. If you are nearby, this is a must try!
5	Love the bread!!! Healthy salad options, bakery goods are delicious too! Breakfast here is always delicious as well.  Good customer service, consistent food quality and overall yumminess!
5	I need help!  Serious help!!  I've been in town for the week on business and after trying Wildflower Bread Company I have been back every day!  Where do I start?!!  I love the salads.  I tried the quinoa salad and the chicken and heirloom/feta salad.  Just ridiculously yummy and healthy.   I also tried breakfast....oatmeal and LOVED it!!  I just found out they have two at the airport and thus will have one more Wildflower Bread Company meal before heading back to LA!  I will miss you WFB Co!!!!!!  xoxo
5	Fast, friendly, tasty, healthy, clean, excellent value. What more can you ask for at a upscale fast food joint. I was there at the peak of lunch time, and yet staff was friendly and efficient. Food came to my table quickly, maybe 5 minutes. Had the turkey waldorf salad. Excellent. Bread was the way bread was meant to be (from someone who has been making bread at home for 15 years).  Good texture, crust, taste.
4	I always come for lunch but never for breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised.  I had the frittata with maple ham. It was made to order and was very nice. My partner had the cinnamon French toast and very tasty as well. I now have another option for breakfast.
4	This Wildflower is ALWAYS busy. I have been here a handful of times during lunch, and expect that you wont be able to find a place to sit, even after they are done making your food! I have had to stand around to wait for a place, which is very frustrating when you are only on an hour break, but now I know this coming to this place.Food is always fresh and delicious. Haven't had anything bad here, but I do not like the kale salad here. It is the arugula-type kale, not the traditional and I really do not like the type they serve. Oh well though, I just choose to get something else, and they have plenty to offer. Their soups are really good most of the time, my favorite is the roasted garlic tomato. Their soup changes each day, so make sure you check their website before you go in to make sure it is a day that they serve it. I have mainly ordered salads from here, but their sandwiches are really good according to all my friends that have eaten here as well. Their bread is the best!!!!! We have gone here to eat lunch JUST to get a loaf of bread also.Overall, it would be 5 stars if the location had better seating, but that is a slight overview to me. We will come back here for the fresh food, friendly service, and delicious loaves of bread!
5	Everyone is so sweet and helpful! I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Kale Chicken Salad and the Chop Salad. Im sure everything else is delicious also! They have customer for life!
4	Good food.Had BLT Plus on Sourdough. Pretty Good. Sandwiches are served a mix of potato and sweet potato chips lightly salted. Washed that all down with a Blackberry Orange Lemonde -awesome lemonade!This place reminds me of Corner Bakery. Same quality food. Decor is very cool, glass wildflowers on ceiling.Went around lunchtime and was very busy. Had a hard time finding seating inside.
4	I come here specifically for the mushroom soup, it's amazing. Although anything here is pretty good, so you can't go wrong with whatever you choose. It's also always clean!The only reason it lost a star is because the cashier staff are always a little confused...multiple times they rang me wrong, or didn't know what came with the food (bread or no bread?)....after some proper training I would give this place 5 stars, but that needs to be improved. I shouldn't be telling them what comes with my meal and what doesn't....The manager is awesome, but is also the hardest worker here by observation!
2	I want to be able to leave 5 stars, but watching the melee that occurs every day at lunch, you wonder why this store isn't better prepared to deal with the volume they get daily. While waiting almost TWENTY minutes to get my to go order, I witnessed  up to 19 plates waiting to be delivered at once, multiple to go orders double boxed because tickets weren't pulled and a line of customers grow to 13 while the only two available cashiers had to take phone orders and help others in the bakery. Good for Wildflower for having an excellent product, but it really is time to step up the ratio of staff and maybe get some more organizational procedures in place. I won't be back until you do. My lunch break isn't long enough...
1	First and last time here. Location makes all the difference! The Wildflower across the street from McCormick Railroad Park has never messed up my order! This location was a disaster. Not only did they majorly mess up my order, I got my order to go, so I did not realize my order was wrong until after I drove all the way home and opened my bag. To start, this place asks for your name when you order, So they messed up my name and were calling out someone else's name for about 10 minutes before they realized it was my order. So there was a long wait, no where to sit, and because they did not make my order correctly, I basically had to throw it out. I was charged extra for things I did not receive, so I am mad about that. I will never go back there. I will stick with the Wildflower Bread Company by the railroad park.
4	A very nice local bakery and eatery. Breakfast is limited but all good. Lots of sandwiches and other choices. Really nice folks and top quality friendly service.
5	They have the best penne pasta with marinara sauce and the garlic bread is to die for! Very consistent, always tastes just how I remember. I LOVE this place!! Awesome service. Super nice people. 5 stars!
5	Their bread is outstanding!  The Ciabatta (whole loaf, which I take home) and the Ciabatta sandwich roles (which I order sandwiches for eat-in) is just the best I've ever had (up there with Acme Bakery in Bay Area).  I wish, wish, wish, they did a kalamata olive bread, like Acme. I've been searching for a 'Bay Area' quality bread place for ages and finally found it here. They also accommodated my request for Arugula instead of lettuce, and they will serve sandwiches on any bread they have on sale, which is a huge selection. Really is a nice operation.
2	Get the bread it's amazing kale salad very disappointed no dressing tough might be good tomorrow if I let it sit.
3	This place is sort of eh. I went today for an early dinner/lunch sort of deal. Had the grilled cheese, just the "regular" one, not the wildflower grilled cheese. The cashier seemed inconvenienced that we were there. They didn't have any tomato soup which was unfortunate but oh well, we sat down and waited. Our food didn't take too long to come out. The grilled cheese was on bread that was too thick! It was dry and cut up the roof of my mouth while part of the cheese in the middle was cold! Ick. Would have been better off making food at home. Wound up giving the other half to my lunch date. On the way out I was eyeing some of the baked things and we settled on trying the ginger biscotti cheesecake. Again, eh. The consistency was how I would imagine clay going down. I tried to eat it because at this point I was still hungry and knew I wasn't going to have a chance to eat again until 8 or so but I just couldn't do it. Wildflower did not wow me by any means, doubt I will be back anytime soon.
4	I just adore this place. My Food is premiere, the environment is nice, staff friendly. I typically get the same order. The egg breakfast which comes with home fries and toast. I like my potatoes well done, and they get it just right every time. I also love the banana walnut pancakes. The coffee is good, music good, atmosphere good, people seem to enjoy here, so why wouldn't you?Every now and then, you can catch a celeb here enjoying themselves as well. Susan Lucci, Richard Gere, and Brad Cooper to name a few. I'd plan ahead if you want to avoid the masses. For a relaxing meal, I'd shoot for a late breakfast usually around 10-1030a
4	I love their:Lemon Ricotta Pancakes - fluffy pancakes that have a slight zing of lemon to them, topped with a delicious blueberry sauce. It's perfectly balanced, with the sweetness and the tartness both in wonderful proportions!Banana Walnut Pancakes - fluffy pancakes with a walnut-y crunch in them, and some lovely banana flavors too. Personally, I adore the taste and texture of bananas, so I love pancakes with them too! And these are really, really good pancakes...Asian Chicken Salad - I also love Asian salads, so... Anyways, they give you a generous portion of chicken, and a bit too much dressing for my liking - ask for it on the side if you're not a huge dressing fan. Also, the crunchy won-ton things aren't really my thing, so you can ask to remove them or have them on the side if you like. But the jicama and carrots they put in it give a great crunchy texture, and the dressing is a really good one, with a great flavor (just a little too much of it ) Their pastas and sandwiches are good too, I just can't describe them in detail because I haven't had them repeatedly. Definitely would recommend for breakfasts, brunches, and dinners!
2	As other reviewers have mentioned...  The food is quite good, but the service/operations are inconsistent and weak.On our most recent visit, we showed up around lunch time, and it was a zoo.  Unlike say Paradise Bakery / Au Bon Pain or other similar models, there are no clearly demarcated lines, and in this location the order counter is located quite close to the pass, so it's quite hectic when busy.  The line wasn't too deep (maybe 8-10 people with 2 registers working), but it did take a short bit to place our order.The service today was a reminder of why I find myself split between lining up in support of the $15/hr movement and the opposite.   The young guy taking our order was everything you'd like in a customer-facing food service role.  Friendly.  Efficient.  I'd pay that 15/hr and have no problem with paying a bit more for my food to have places staffed by people like that (even if the work, per se, doesn't necessarily justify such a wage... he's a hardworking kid on his way to contributing to society - great).  Then, after waiting 15 minutes for them to call our name (which never happened - though it was obviously on the receipt and in the order plan), we went to the counter and inquired about our order with young, redheaded gal (as we noticed a bag sitting on the counter that appeared to match our order).  I asked if they called my name (as it was quite loud before - but at this point, the rush had passed and the bag had been sitting there for at least 5 minutes (since we noticed)).  She just asked what my name was, walked over, grabbed the bag and handed to us.  Then, just as take it and start to look inside, she says "have a nice day" in a robotic tone and is gone.  Nice.  Not that she owed us anything, but the failure to even grasp/acknowledge that someone's meal had been sitting there getting cold and lost amongst the shuffle says a) failure by her management, and b) lack of initiative/desire to excel.   The latter is fine (especially for a kid working in food service), but there's no way in hell I'd fork over a penny more to support any kind of wage increase for that kind of service. So yeah... confusing - but anyway, that's neither here nor there.Overall, the food was fine (if cold from being left on the counter), but at the given price point (~$25 for 2 people), seems like they'd be slightly better than MacDonald's at the little things... like getting orders into customers hands when completed.  Clearly, the rush played a role, but I have to assume this isn't the first time they've had a rush, and we didn't notice the bag sitting there until after the rush had cleared out and we could see - and the manager (who was running the pass) was standing there talking to another manager.Is it big deal?  No.  Just a mild annoyance - but it is symptomatic of a weak operations management and definitely enough for me to choose Potbelly next door for sandwich and Paradise Bakery when I want comparable food next time.
4	Their breads are the best. I really like the BLT Plus as well as their seasonal sandwiches.
