5	Outstanding service!! We felt welcomed from the moment we arrived to the moment we left.  Our food was absolutely delicious! Sliced fliet mignon on a bed of risotto and Scallops.. and the Fleming's potatoes!! Yumm!!  Such a wonderful night!
5	Amazing restaurant, food and five star service! I came here for my wife's birthday and we were treated so well! They waitress gave my wife some chocolate truffles and a $25 gift card and a birthday card as a gift! The steaks and appetizers were delicious... And the dessert was spectacular! I reccomend this resturant to anyone especially at this location in town square. Thanks Stacey (our waitress) and flemings for a great evening!
5	WOW!  We had dinner here last night and the service was spectacular.  Maybe the best service we've ever had...from the valet, to the hostess, to our server, to the manager.  Our server was Cristian L. and he did a wonderful job.  I couldn't have asked for a better meal or a better experience.  I am so impressed by this Fleming's location.  Incidentally, we were at the Mandarin Oriental the day before and the service at Fleming's was so much better!  We had such a great time and I've already made reservations for Valentine's Day.
5	I was impressed how smooth the dining experience was despite how recently the location opened, my server was sweet, personable and quite knowledgeable. Normally I never remember servers names but her's was unique... Sundae.. Great recommendations on the bone-in strip and the carrot cake with the rum sauce! Great experience!
5	So my review will be a bit biased because we went for a Fleming's event so everything was done to impress us, but I give it 5 stars because impressed, I was.  First of all, this place is high-end classy.  Do not show up in sneakers or a t-shirt as my unfortunate plus 1 learned too little too late.  The servers are on point and you just feel luxurious being IN the venue in general.We tried a bunch of passed apps and everything was truly amazing.  The most amazing thing was the seafood tower with giant prawns and crab claws already cracked and ready to be eaten.  We also found out that they have an amazing Happy Hour every day from 5-7pm where a selection of wine and apps are only $6.  That's an amazing deal for a restaurant of this caliber. I will absolutely be taking full advantage of this soon!
4	Great customer service, amazing modern ambiance, great music, sub par filet for the price. Our total bill was 225.00, 2 petite filets, 1 side, 1 bottle of wine, plus dessert. Standard for a Vegas steakhouse. Nothing special, but but not bad. We hate to send anything back to the kitchen, but when my husbands filet came out and it was hard to cut, and mushy on the inside we agreed to ask for a new cut. Thanks to William, a new cut was brought out cooked to perfection. We are torn if we will return, as you can have the same bill at Hanks (gvr) stk ( strip). But the customer service is for sure it's saving grace . Thank you William!!!
5	Derrick & Kristin at the bar, love em! They went surprisingly above our expected amazing service. Love the modern, open ambiance.  The Food was somehow a bit better than the usual absolutely amazing.  We have no idea how they pulled off better than the best, but it is happening. Flemings Summerlin, consider yourselves upstaged.
5	After some disappointing meals at some other LV steakhouses Fleming's excelled. My wife and I are great fans of our local Flemings herein California. We had mentioned to our local Flemings manager that we would be dining at their new LV operation. When we arrived it was like our waitress was a mind reader. She knew our preference, everything from seating, cocktails, appetizers, food allergies and entrees. Our local Flemings had forwarded our profile to LV. Customer care doesn't get any better than this (and the dinner was outstanding).
5	Absolutely love this new location. Celebrated Valentine's Day and we both ordered the Valentine's menu which included a scallop appetizer, tasty caesar and Filet mignon with lobster. Ordered the hot doughnuts for dessert and every damn thing we had was perfect.We also enjoyed the "quiet" dining. It just didn't seem very loud as someone else mentioned. It was a full house and we could visit the entire evening without having to yell over the din. That noise thing is getting to be such a problem at many restaurants and I for one am going to stop going to the ones that offend my senses with a too loud environment. Loved the wall of candles and I will always reserve that area in the future.I also liked the Ipad with a full wine list. Love that feature.....except I was a little squeamish about touching a screen others had touched. Still didn't slow me down from using the feature :)All in all, a very welcome addition to the Town Square dining options.
4	I would give this a 5 star if we weren't disturbed by the wait staff every 2-3 minutes.  The food is definitely tasty.  We were there for Valentine's Day and had the Valentine menu.  Fantastic Modern Cesar Salad.  It was also my first time trying a scallop.  They also gave us some rich chocolate truffles at the end.  it was nice.  The main issue is there were 3 people waiting on us and we were constantly disturbed by them wanting to pour more water in our glass, even though it was already full enough, our waiter constantly coming up and talking to us or asking how the food was.  I didn't get that romantic Valentine's Day dinner that I wanted to have with my hubby.
5	If you are in the mood for the world best lava cake, Flemings is the only option. This restaurant is perfect for a romantic evening.
5	Food, service and ambiance were absolutely perfect. Thank you Fleming's for a great evening. This is our new go-to spot for a nice dinner.
5	This was my first time to the Town Square location and it was just as good, if not better than the Summerlin location.  The decor is definitely more modern.  My only gripe with the experience here was the wait time even though we had reservations, but it was also Valentine's Day weekend....so I'll let that go.  From start to finish, this place has delicious food and amazing service.  For starters, the bread comes with the gorgonzola and sun dried tomato butters.  For the appetizer, I always get the mushroom ravioli.  It's probably the best mushroom ravioli I've ever had.  It is pricy...so if you want to give this a try without the full price, they also have it on their happy hour menu as well.  I went with the dry aged rib eye this time and it was perfectly marbled with fat.  My fiance ordered the bone-in rib eye, while it was also cooked to perfection, the steak was probably 1/3 large chunks of fat.  I would definitely go with the boneless dry aged steak for value.  For sides, creamed spinach is a favorite of ours.  We also tried the Fleming's potatoes which is similar to scalloped potatoes.  It was creamy with a slight kick from the jalapenos.  I don't think they describe the potatoes well enough in their menu, but definitely better than the mashed potato options we've tried there.  For dessert we got the chocolate lava cake with pistachio crumble, ice cream and chantilly cream.  I must say this was a perfect end to our meal.  I've been to a lot of the strip steak houses and I would say this place has a lower price point with similar service and food.  Also, Costco always has $100 vouchers for $80, so you are saving some there as well!
5	Enjoyed an outstanding meal here last. Server, Liz was charming and attentive and her assistant , Brian was spot on with serving water, bread and removing dishes timely. Our booth in the rear of the restaurant was perfect for our party of four and offered a view of the bustling kitchen. Crowded on a Monday yet noise level was moderate and enabled conversation. We will be back!
3	Tuesday night...overflowing crowd and people being turned away...just to let you know they did have challenges that night.  Service was GREAT but the wait ;people seemed very unsure of themselves or overwhelmed by the # of people but still they did their job well....the chefs did not...food was wrong or not as ordered or bad cuts of meat...the wine list was really good BUT to charge more than DOUBLE....they do allow you to bring your own but with a nominal corking fee of $20...well worth it since we brought $100 bottles....Wonderful to have Valet parking...food prices were more than they should be...6oz filet, for example...$30 would have been OK but it was $42..no baked potato or really nothing substantial with it...The Caesar salad was skimpy and not attractive...their version of Cabrese needed more cheese.  Deserts were wonderful.  But overall it does not measure up to other Flemings we have been to in other states in food or ambiance...not even as good as the other one here which is not my choice due to lack of ambiance and to brightly lit which this one was properly lit for dinner.  Anyway...not a good choice for a wonderful dinner when we have so many others to chose from.
5	What an amazing staff they have here at Flemings, they really made my best friends 22nd birthday dinner special. Erin was our server, she was very detailed in explaining the menu items as well as making sure we were well taken of. She even went above and beyond to help us choose a Vegas club to celebrate the birthday boy. All wait staff were so amazingly friendly and attentive to our needs, our water glasses never went half empty and the manager came around and introduced himself to make sure we were having a perfect time. Our steaks were perfectly cooked. The iron crisp was a perfect choice in cooking our ribeyes. Mac n cheese, mashed potatoes and creamed spinach were all the perfect pairings for our steaks. Erin complimented the birthday boys dinner with a box of truffles and a gift card for our next visit. A truly amazing restaurant with a special group of people that ensure you're enjoying your experience. Thank you everyone! I'll be back.
3	I knew I had to try Flemings at least once after seeing they opened a new location at Town Square, plus I'm a huge fan of dry aged steaks. After reviewing the menu, I decided to try the Dry Aged Prime Rib Eye ($53) and add the King Crab Meat with Caviar on top. When the steak arrived, the first thing I noticed was how disappointing the amount of crab and caviar on top was. From the photos I saw posted by the restaurant, I was expecting a little more meat & caviar. See comparison photo below. As far as the steak goes, I ordered it Medium Rare and was cook perfectly. However, the steak was slightly tough in certain cuts and I felt like this was not a Prime piece of rib-eye. Having just ate at Smith & Wollensky's just last week, I could definitely tell S&W's steaks were far superior to Flemings as far as rib-eye steaks goes. We also ordered the mushrooms & asparagus. They were good but not very big portions to share. I would recommend 1 side per person. Hope this review helps!
4	This review will be short because Fleming's is really one of those places that you just have to try to realize how good it is. Great service, wide selection of wine, and a fantastic happy hour. We sat outside because we did not have a reservation. Pleasantly surprised that happy hour applied to outside as well! Everything is $6 each on the menu. I got a red blend (which paired up nicely with my steak) and the carpaccio. Oh man, the carpaccio was huge! Super unexpected. The taste was decent but the tenderness of the meat and the presentation was appealing.My petit filet minon was pretty good but not mindblowing. It was the Fleming's potatoes that did me in...Layers upon layers of softness surrounded by a crispy exterior. My boyfriend ordered the prime ribeye and it honestly was the juiciest and most delicious ribeye I have ever tasted. Definitely ordering that next time. You get a complimentary sauce as well! I got the peppercorn and he got the chimichurri. Both were pretty good and the flavors did not overwhelm the steaks' own flavor.Oh and the complimentary bread they serve in the beginning...Hot and fresh and comes with a cheese (bleu, I believe) dip and an herbed butter spread. I would have eaten more If I wasn't saving room for the steak!-1 star because it's a tad overpriced in my opinion for some menu items. The items are a la cart so when you pay $40 for a steak you only get that and no sides (unless specifically listed in the menu). The $9 Fleming's salad was probably one of the biggest rip-offs I have ever paid for. It was basically a few pieces of lettuce with one or two grape tomatoes. They tried to play it off as fancy by having a giant unique crouton and serving the bowl and salad fork cold. It was not worth it at all. I take tiny bites and the salad only took me 3 or 4 bites max.The only reason I went there was because of my $40 gift card, which reduced the bill to $80 (two steaks, one HH appetizer, two HH wines, and a salad). Now we know that the place is solid so we'll come back for HH someday!
5	Celebrated an anniversary dinner at Fleming's, the service and food we received were excellent!  Our server Sundae was very helpful in placing our orders.  My husband had the prime rib special and I had the petite filet mignon with Diablo shrimp.  Both cuts of meat were cooked to perfection and the Fleming's potatoes, just awesome.  The restaurant atmosphere was relaxing and we enjoyed our evening as well as our dining experience!
3	As others commented the service was sub par. There were over 30 staff members, not cooks or dishies, all waiters and waitresses mostly congregated in the kitchen and few to none at the tables. Service was slow, bread never replenished, wine service not up to par for a restaurant of this price range. I had the wedge salad which is more of a do it yourself project in this restaurant. The bacon and blue cheese come whole and you have to chop and garnish yourself. I had the king crab legs which for $42 I expected to be fresh steamed and tender. They were previously cooked and reheated, stringy and not very flavorful with cold spots confirming they had been previously cooked  crime caramel was very good. For the same money we had eaten at Del Friscos the night before.  Much better food and impeccable service. Save your money and go somewhere else
5	I had eaten in Flemings on the north side of Las Vegas in the past. The Henderson restaurant just recently opened so we thought we should check it out. We requested a quiet table.  We were seated at the very back of the restaurant in a quiet area - just what we wanted. They had a special for the night, a "Tomahawk" steak, a bone in ribeye for two for $92. Part of the special is that the chef comes out and carves it at the table. The steak was perfectly prepared, pink in the center as we requested. Since it comes with no sides,we ordered a portion of sauteed mushrooms. Everything was delicious, cooked to perfection. Dessert was the chocolate lava cake which came with 2 small scoops of vanilla ice cream - YUMMY!The service was also excellent. My water glass never did get lower than halfway down before being refilled.The only real down side to the restaurant is that it is on the pricey side so I will save it as a special occasions restaurant rather than a regular "where should we go to eat tonite" place.
5	Las Vegas Restaurant Week 7 - 14 Mar 2014 so I had dinner here on Sun/9 Mar:HelpOutDineOutlv.org     menu supporting charity   http://bit.ly/1lN4Blq- About 8 pm I just did a walk-in and sat in the bar area.  Jessica was my awesome server.- $40.14 for a 3-course dinner at my favorite steakhouse chain is a good deal (best value at Fleming's is their sweet happy hour food/drink specials).  Dinner came with sourdough bread with 2 types of spread to use.- I forgot to buy a Costco Fleming gift card pack ($80 for $100 to use at Fleming's) to save 20%, but this meal was already supporting charity so no biggie.  - I like this Fleming's and the one in Summerlin equally as much.
5	The glowing reviews of the Fleming's Yelp Elite event here are what made me want to try the place and I'm very glad I did.Better than Ruth Chris and on a whole other level than a Outback Steak (duh). The only other place that would give this place a challenge would be BLT Steak in NYC. Service: 5 StarsFood: 4.5  StarsBread: Two of us went through 4 loaves. Fresh out of the oven with two choices of softened butter. I couldn't get enough of the Chipotle butter (reddish one). If it was in the store I'd buy it.SALAD: "Modern Caesar" Fine. Generous with the parmesan and prosciutto . FLEMING'S POTATOES: Was enough for two people. Served almost in a small casserole dish. Their excellent version of scalloped potatoes. Crunchy layer of cheese on top. Whole thing was delicious and filling.PRIME RIB: Served rare and was ok, a little bland...I've had award winning prime rib (In Tallahassee, Florida!) that was much better...but all in all it wasn't bad. Served with 3 dipping sauces which were much needed.MAIN FILET MIGNON: Perfect outer sear. Tender. Perfect medium. One of the better better filet's I can remember tasting...girlfriend got this one...I'll have to jump on this next time. Was about as good as the one at Central (Caesar's Palace).DESERT: Molten Lava cake: Comes not only with ice cream but also a dish of "Chantilly cream". Baked to perfection...nice ooze of chocolate.SERVICE: This is really where they shine. I think we had about 3 people waiting on us. They really do take care of their customers. Even the general manager came around and asked how everything was and if there was anything we needed. Drinks were never less than half full, always a restock of bread, dishes cleared. Very warm and professional staff.SUGGESTION: One minor thing...very minor...if you show us the dessert menu in the beginning when the customer starts ordering and you tell them the chocolate lava cake takes 25 minutes and the customer says they'll have 2 at the end of the meal, if you notice the customer is almost done with that last bite of dinner or at least half done with their steak, perhaps fire up that lava cake right then and there knowing that it'll take 25 minutes...or ask the diner if they still have room and if they'd like to have the kitchen get started on it...when we finished up our main course there was about a 25 minute overlay before desserts came. Not a huge deal, just a suggestion. I noticed they have a filet and lobster special running all the way into April and are also a part of restaurant week. I may be coming back here sooner than expected.Looking forward to my next good meal here and would recommend this place to others.
4	Came here a few nights ago to check out their full menu after a Yelp event and ordered the dry-aged ribeye and the peppercorn steak. I thought the peppercorn steak was perfect while the ribeye could use a little more seasoning. I also asked for the cream spinach as a side dish and that was DEFINITELY my favorite item out of the three. It's a little pricey even after I used a $50 off code. I think they have a happy hour menu that's a lot more reasonable. Maybe I will come back for that next time.
5	We went for happy hour last Thursday and found a seat in the bar area right away. The iPad wine list is a great feature, especially the "Spin the Bottle" section. Highly recommend the Baked Brie appetizer and the Salt and Pepper Shrimp. Our server, Derrick, was excellent; very personable and attentive! Will definitely be back.
5	Had an awesome dinner! Reservations were at 8:30 and they seated us early. Cristian Ionita was a phenomenal waiter! His recommendations were spot on! Lobster tempura, filet and scallops were cooked perfect. 2 bottles of the Coppola Cab 2011 and the mac n cheese made for a perfect evening!  Thanks Cristian. Hope to see you soon!
3	Got a living social coupon for free $50 dining credit. I ended up paying a total of $135 after that deduction and I wasn't too happy about it. Granted I knew the place is pricey but I didn't think it was worth the price tag honestly (at least for the steaks). My bf and I ordered- Calamari (super yummy)- Pork Belly (3 pc of pork slice for $13, not worth it and it was mostly fat)- Ribeye w/ crab legs (my bf didn't get a very good cut, whereas I did but whatever it was cooked with, when it was brought out, the smell made me very nauseous)- Mashed Potato (super yummy)- Signature Dessert (super yummy)Their Parmesan bread with the sun dried tomato butter is awesome! We ended up eating 3 loafs of those lol. There was a lot of waiter/waitresses, I was amazed. The service was wonderful, very attentive. Love their to go back and the little card they attach to it where you can go to a website and learn what you can do with your leftovers. I thought that was pretty unique. Overall, it was not bad. Although not sure we would come here again unless we got gift cards. I'd rather go to Border Grill inside Mandalay Bay or to Brand Steakhouse inside Monte Carlo for their steak.
3	I'm giving this Flemings location a 3 star because their service is pretty bad. I've been here 3 times thinking the service will get better but I'm wrong every time. Every waiter takes very long to greet you, get you drinks, bring the bread, bring the food and check on you. This place is not cheap and service should be excellent. The food is great though and the ONLY reason we keep going back. The Dry Aged Rib Eye is amazing, along with the Short Ribs, Flemings Potatos and Onion Soup. The most amazing part is you will always see managers walking around and still the service is that bad. Hopefully, they'll get their act together.
2	My G/F and I went here after reading reviews I have to say it's just another disappointment in an expensive steak. The wait staff was attentive but our particular waitress didn't seem to knowledgable about the menu. She was fumbling and just had to think a lot about certain ?s I asked. In a place like this the service should be professional and top notch. It simply was not in our case. Also the steak I was wanting they were already out of for the night. I hoped to order the dry aged ribeye. But I had to settle for the bone in ribeye that is not dry aged. When it came out it honestly was a little tough even though being ordered med rare not at all what I expected for a $60 steak. It just was blah really did not have much flavor to it at all. It was really a shame because I think I could do better at home on my grill. We also had crab cakes which were tasty and grilled asparagus which didn't have much flavor either. Loaded baked potatoe was pretty good. Lava cake for dessert was good also. With 1 glass of wine and tip our bill came to $175. Considering I didn't get the steak I asked for the least I thought they could do was comp and app. Or a glass of wine for us. Just an expensive chain restaraunt I don't see what all the fuss is about. We honestly could have had a better meal at a place in southern highlands called Off the strip. They steak was about the same quality I could have gotten there for 40% less $$ the sides are just as good. The same meal there prob would be under $100 for the 2 of us. No one came around asking how is the food. I really should have sent the steak back and gotten something else. The waitress just asked how it was cooked and if I needed anything else. Never suggested or offered any sauces. I cut into it and it looked fine just didn't have any flavor. If she had come back around I prob would have said something. Just saying for $175 I expected a lot better. Just call it like I see it...
5	I've been to Flemings a few times in other locations as my parents are big fans. The BF though has never been. They started us with the bread, which I hate that I want to eat all of it as there's always so much rich food to follow. They do a plain loaf but the sundried tomato butter and the gorgonzola cranberry spread are both so good!I got the prime rib which is a sunday special. It comes with a salad choice, a side, and a dessert making it a good value package deal. I chose the modern caesar which was very fresh and I appreciate it is not over dressed. The prime rib itself was solid as far as prime rib go. They could have served it more rare, as my medium rare was leaning into medium territory, but not a deal breaker for me. I think though if I had to choose a steak or this, dry aged steak wins. It comes with au jus, creamy horseradish and a nice mustard sauce. The BF got the dry aged ribeye. It was cooked perfectly medium rare and the flavor and char was perfect. He could not get over this steak and said it was one of the best he's ever had. I had bites and indeed that is worth its price.Mine came with a side so I got creamed spinach and it was super creamy and just perfect. I make a solid creamed spinach and that I say is begrudgingly better than mine. The BF also wanted a starch so we got blue cheese mashed potato. They need not skimp on the blue cheese butter! I picked their signature lava cake as my dessert that came with my prime rib. It was gooey inside, but it didn't lava out when cut. The flavor was very nice. The ice cream was solid as was the chantilly cream they serve on the side. Service was very attentive from our main server, the runners but none were overbearing. I really liked our server Stacey in fact. Im awful with names, but I actually remembered because she was good.The manager came by as well to make sure everything was exceptional once we got our entrees.  I've also always liked places that did things like crumb clean up after bread service and change out your silverware for different courses and chilled utensils for cold/frozen courses. I feel like that should be standard for a nice spot, but I've been to many where it is not. For a chain steakhouse, I think it rocks. It's a bit pricey and in a place that is abundant in steak house culture it may not be the first choice, but it's a solid choice. It'll be a moment until my next visit, but this visit was exceptional to warrant the 5 star.
5	My husband and I recently celebrated our 16th Wedding Anniversary and had dinner at Fleming's. We had a MARVELOUS experience!!! I wish I could give them 100 stars! Knowing that it was our special occasion, the amazing staff(from the hostess to server Chaz to managers, Leroy and Jennifer)made sure we had nothing but memorable top notch service(they really went above and beyond from the moment we checked in until we left)! We've eaten at countless steakhouses, but I have to say that we've never had such a mind-blowing experience! Our entire meal was deliciously PERFECT! We CANNOT wait to return!
4	Earl and I finally made it here for happy hour (weekdays from 5-7pm).  When we arrived, there were a few spots at the bar so we chose two open seating.  We were presented with a bowl of house made chips and the HH menu.  I placed an orde5r for a Moscow Mule right away.  The HH menu is pretty straight forward.   5 for $6 til 7pm.  5 types of cocktail, 5 types of wine by the glass, and 5 types of appetizers, each selection for $6.  For under $50, Earl and I had:-3 Moscow Mules: Perfect balance of vodka, ginger beer, and everything else that made it so delicious.  After 1/2 of this drink, I was buzzed.  -1 Dirty Martini:  Earl chose this drink.  I smelled it and handed it back to Earl.  Pretty strong.-Tenderloin Carpaccio:  A full plate thinly sliced tenderloin, topped with sliced spinach, paired with the creole mustard sauce, capers, and cheesy crostini.  I really enjoyed this dish.-Pan-crisp Pork Belly:  The pork belly was served with goat cheese grits and sweet onion chutney.  It was overall a good appetizer.  I wish there was something, like pickled something to cut the richness of the dish.  The bill came out just shy of $40 pre tip.  The service was excellent.  Our bartenders (Kristin and Danielle) are so attentive and personable.  I highly recommend Fleming's for Happy Hour!
5	My boyfriend maaade me go as he is a huge steak lover.  I however, am a pescatarian but my experience here was absolutely amazing. We were pleasantly greeted right when we walked in and the restaurant was clean and had a great vibe. I work in the hospitality industry so I know good service and our server, Tommy was better than most. His Sauvignon Blanc recommendation was perfectly paired with my mushroom pasta starter and my boyfriend had a nice robust Cab with his steak, which he said was perfectly cooked. We took Tommys suggestion and shared the Carrot Cake and an Expresso Martini to top off the night. We ended up staying for almost 2 hours, Tommy made sure our timing was just what we wanted and the food was flavorful and had a great presentation.  We will definitely be back thanks to the great food, service and atmosphere!
5	Boyfriend and I saw that they were doing a special steak & lobster pairing for $39.95 and couldn't resist.  We went in last night around 7:15pm.  Make sure you make reservations.  It seemed busy. The service was topnotch, as expected.  So onto the food.We started off with the complimentary bread service, which comes with sundried tomato butter and gorgonzola and cranberry infused butter.  Both spreads were amazing and I could have eaten them with a spoon.  The steak & lobster special came with an amuse bouche of scallop over polenta. This little plate of heaven was sooooo good!  The scallop was perfectly cooked and the polenta had a nice texture and was perfectly seasoned.  Together, these two things were amazing. Next you get a wedge salad or French onion soup, which we opted for one of each.  Both were great.  The French onion soup is one of the best I've ever had, but so so so rich.At this point I was starting to get full. But our entrees came, along with a side of mac & cheese that ordered extra. They looked beautiful.  Our server deshelled our 8 oz. lobster tail tableside, which was kind of neat. Both of our steaks, 8 oz. filets, were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The meat was so tender and melt in your mouth. The lobster was tender and full of flavor.  Overall, this was one of the best "fancy" meals I've ever had. There is not one thing to complain about. Best of all, we had a $25 gift card, so our meal with 2 glasses of wine came to $90. I seriously felt like we were robbing the place. Such amazing food at such an amazing price.
4	Went for happy hour soon after the opened this location. Ordered a Russian Mule, but didn't care for it... I don't think their recipe is authentic. Ordered a bunch of apps from the happy hour menu. Most were OK, but I wouldn't order the pork belly again- not worth it.
5	I enjoyed the Yelp event held here and wanted to check them out for our anniversary dinner.  The husband was yet to try their food so I couldn't wait to bring him here.Located right off of Las Vegas Blvd in Town Square, it's easy to locate and see.  They have plenty of parking with complimentary Valet available for those who choose.  Their dining area is elegant and comfortable.  They keep it very clean and classy.   I love it!Our waiter for the evening was Tom C.  He was so informative of specials, HH, menu items and their 100 wine by the glass options.  Next time I dine here, I would definitely ask for him!  He really made our anniversary celebration very special!Oh... you probably want to know about the food right? Complimentary bread basket with the most amazing butter spreads.  Tomato basil and goat cheese goodness! Luckily we stopped at only 1 basket because I could have easily filled up on that alone.  I started with the french onion soup that was divine!  Of course everything is better with cheese... but the herbs and spices used in the soup gave this savory flavor! I had ordered the petit filet and lobster as it was one of their specials.  Petit in their mind was 8 oz.  It was more than I could handle.  But I sure did try to.  It was cooked perfectly flat ironed around the sides for one of the most flavorful and tender filets.  Lobster is always one of my favorites and it was the perfect combination with the filet.  The creamed spinach on the side had fresh shaved parmesan. Like I said, everything is better with cheese!   Was I full? Yes.  Did we stop there? No. Since it was a special occasion, we spilt the molten lava cake which had two scoops of vanilla ice cream on the side.  The 'molten lava' of chocolate oozing out of the center was almost more than I could handle.   Not to mention the chantilly cream it was topped with.  Fabulous! To summarize~ Flemings = Fantastic!
1	Fleming is way too expensive for their dishes.  I ordered baked halibut with few pieces of broccoli. The portion was small and it was $38. Besides the boiled broccoli, nothing came with it. Gf got three small  pieces of lamb chop for $25. The ambient and staffs are nice but it is way over price. The food is okay nothing special. I saw many good reviews so I decided to try but disappointed. I would expect a generous portion and a great taste for that price. Would not come back or recommend.
5	First time here tonight & it was fantastic! I was able to take advantage of their 3 course filet & lobster pairing for $39.95! So yum!
4	Had to take off a star for our latest visit. Sat in the center section in front of the kitchen and the noise level was too much. Between the music and the folks trying to talk above it, it was just plain annoying. Only thing that saved the days was the consistently good chow. TURN DOWN DA MUSIC Flemings!
3	My wife and I went here for Date Night.  I don't think this is a good Date Night place. 5 stars for service, 4 for food, 2 for value and 1 for ambience.  So I averaged it at 3.Ambience is more for the "power lunch/dinner" crowd.  We did get a nice booth but that didn't shelter us from the loud noise in this place.  Lots of fast-paced background music and lots of males in polo shirts with company logos.  Must be a convention in town.They like to tout their dry-aged beef.  I've had good dry-aged beef (I've even done it myself) and theirs didn't seemed to have the qualities I have experienced in the past.  We had a steak that was basically a huge Ribeye meant to be shared for two for $100.  My wife's half was okay but the half I got was basically all fat which I don't much care for.  It was a sizeable steak but split in half you got two small ones.  It was overcooked to our taste but it is pretty hard to order a steak and get it the way you want.  The three sauces served on the side were good and paired well with the steak.The sides were tasty and probably the best part of the meal.  Though I usually don't find Mac-n-Cheese to be something worthy of ordering in fine dining, theirs, with plenty of Gruyere cheese, did taste good.They have a rather large wine list and probably the greatest thing about this restaurant is the Enomatic, allowing them to offer so many of them by the glass.  But, don't expect that to make it a value.Service was friendly and excellent throughout.  The "Chef" came out with the steak and cut it for us.  Reservations are HIGHLY recommended at this location because it is always busy.Overall, this place did not offer ambience and quality that I was looking for, especially for date night, and at the premium price.  If you are a big corporation trying to land an account and willing to spend the money on it, this place might be okay.I now get a barrage of emails from them with deals.  One looks like it might be worth trying: 5 menu items for 6 dollars before 7.   I think it is only available at the bar.  So perhaps we'll see if Happy Hour is more enjoyable.
5	My wife and I had such a great experience eating at Fleming's Steakhouse at Towne Square Las Vegas. We wanted to try it out since it is newly opened and we are huge fans of the location being Las Vegas locals. The food we ordered was exquisite, in particular our Alaskan King Crab Legs and our dry aged Ribeye.  What is so beautiful about Flemings at Town Square is we can get the high quality food we enjoy without the hastle of the Strip car traffic and foot traffic at the casinos!! What truly made our experience was our server Tom, who carried himself with a professionalism and elegance you expect at fine dining restaurants. He treated us as though our time and money was of value and not just like we were another table during his work night.  Thank you Flemings for such a great evening....my wife and I will return and definitely request Tom!
4	I think this place is supernice and contemporary design is great. There is outdoor seating available and wonderful happy hour so I will be back for that. I had dinner there last night with my husband and I made the reservation in advance on their website when I checked in for my res the host noticed that I requested a booth however she was not prepared for it so it took a while to get the booth and the bar was packed too after this hick up the service started a bit slow the drinks were coming slow but I have to admit that the food was excellent and our server Eric was on top of his game. We overall enjoyed our time and I have already forgotten the rocky beginning. It is a must try!
4	Happy hour is the place to be. Seven days a week, from 5pm-7pm, five small plates, five cocktails, five wines by the glass, and two entrees all for $6 a piece. The best part is that it is honored at the bar and out in the patio. The spacious amount of seating makes it way easier to dine at this location compared to the original. Between the three of us we ordered everything except for the salt and pepper shrimp. At that point, what is another six dollars? The highlights were definitely the mushroom raviolis, baked brie, and burger. The beef carpaccio was not the best. The meat was rather dark and tough compared to the tender bright red I'm used to.The pork belly was very tender and artery clogging. The polenta and compote was my favorite aspect of the dish. As for drinks, I will stick with the Ward 8. Oh yes, browns can be oh so refreshing, If you can, sit with Stephanie. She is fun, engaging, and sweet.
2	Went to Flemings for a friend's birthday. What really sent a red flag off was the waiter's offhand comment that the menu was a "conventional steak house." Now don't get me wrong conventional is good in my book, nothing beats the simplicity of meat and potatoes. What's wrong is charging luxury prices for food that simply doesn't warrant such a price tag.I'm fine eating a $50 Steak, but what makes it worth $50? Is it organic? Grass Fed? A new innovation on the greatest meat to ever grace this earth? Flemings just says it's wet or dry aged, aging beef is a necessity not anything to brag about. I can cook a beautiful steak from Costco for 8 bucks a pound, Flemings is too expensive at that price. My friends ordered it, they enjoyed it, from what I sampled it tasted fine. But $50 fine? No F****** WAY! And the steaks were a la carte too, which is just ridiculous, if you're paying $50 for a steak give the customer a baked potato. The sides (including potatoes) were priced from the $10-$15 range which just stings because now you're certainly paying $60 for your entree. The sides are marketed as "Family Style" but it'd only give a nice portion split between 3 people.I ordered the Fleming's Salad ($10) and their New Zealand Lamb Chops ($20), and I'm simply baffled at what I was served. When I order a "Steakhouse Salad" I expect something of large proportions. After all a salad with no protein costs a restaurant practically nothing (and none of their food was labeled GMO-Free or Organic). What I received was a little salad, something that would leave a little girl wanting for more. To add insult to injury the dressing was too sweet for my tastes, no acids besides what the baby tomatoes would give. I was pretty buzzed and wolfed it down anyway. When I ordered Lamb Chops I was alerted by the server that it indeed was a little plate of food, I didn't care because I was not paying $30 for chicken breasts. It was small but decent, unfortunately it was given to me at room temperature meaning it had been sitting while my friends orders were made. Come on guys for twenty bucks you can wrap my little chops with some foil!The meal wasn't all bad, the wine served was great, and I loved the deserts, all complements to pastry chef. The servers were courteous. But after being buzzed on wine we were given the ultimate rude awakening with our bill, for a party of 6 our total was around $700 (not including tip). Now to be fair we ordered $250 worth of drinks. But still we were NOT given $450 worth of food, no way in hell can steak, potatoes, lamb, and lobster cooked conventionally cost $450. Now I know what you might be thinking, well this is Sin City, you gamble and spend a lot here. Well I can take you to "Mon Ami Gabi" at Paris and sit outside with a stunning view of the Bellagio Fountains for far less than the price of going to Flemings. I can take you to Bouchon and have the most lovely salad, entree, dessert and wine for roughly $100 a person. Flemings was conventional, there was nothing technically wrong with the food. But at the end of the day we were horribly overcharged, their only gift was a $25 gift card (which we sadly couldn't apply to the bill) and a small box of chocolate truffles. Unless you have a 50% off coupon do not go to Flemings, it simply is not worth it and there are far better choices in Las Vegas. And this is Sin City, why would you want "conventional" in this town? If you want a real good steakhouse you'll get more bang for your buck at the Steakhouse in Circus Circus.
4	I came to Fleming's for the first time in January, for a Yelp Elite event.  We all received s $25 gift card, and I noticed about a week ago that it expired at the end of this month.We tried to come out on the weekend, on Saturday evening, but the car broke down.  I was so bummed. Yesterday, after work, the fella and I decided to head over for Fleming's Happy Hour, which is from 5-7.  We were greeted, and invited to sit anywhere at the bar.  Kristen was our bartender, and she took excellent care of us. We ordered everything from the "5-6-7" menu (5 offerings of cocktails, appetizers, etc for $6 til 7):2 Skinny Farmer's Daughter cocktails:  delicious.  I actually might prefer these to the Original Farmer's Daughter cocktails we had tried before (the skinny ones don't have simple syrup)The Pan Crisped Pork Belly: This was interesting.  It was my first time having pork belly, and the texture is VERY weird...but it was rich, and delicious, and the creamy goat cheese grits, and sweet onion chutney that it was served with were absolutely perfect.The Salt and Pepper Shrimp:This was a disappointment, as the shrimp are fried, almost like a tempura. According to my fella, its fairly common knowledge that if something says "Salt and Pepper" that it is deep fried.  I didn't know that or I would not have ordered it. That disappointment aside, the green beans were delicious, and the shrimp were huge.  The flavor was awesome, I just would have been happier with not deep fried.  The winner of the night, however, was the Beef Carpaccio. I LOVE carpaccio, but haven't had it in years.Luckily, they were willing to serve it without the creamy sauce that they usually serve over it (fella doesn't care for creamy sauces, especially mayo based ones).The beef was so thin, and was served with a garlic crustini that was just heaven.  The capers, basil, and horseradish made for a delightful explosion of flavor in every bite. Service was awesome, as Kristin was very friendly, and the food runners were nice as well.I'd love to come back for dinner one night, to try out the steaks!  Great job, Fleming's, I can't wait to come back.
5	Had dinner tonight our waiter Erik was incredible!!!  Not only he spells his name like mine but he was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and the wines.  The wine he recommended was outstanding!!   I work for SolarCity and only been here for work dinners and I can see why we keep coming!   Take care of Erik and give him a raise or I'll come steal him from you and he'll be working for SolarCity!   He is amazing!
3	Came in around 5pm and sat at one of the high top bar tables for happy hour! I have always raved about Flemings happy hour to my girlfriend and couldn't wait to take her. We sat down and the service was 5 stars as always. I'm giving this review 3 stars for the simple fact that the food was not up to par this time. We got the mushroom ravioli, the prime burger, and salt an pepper shrimp. The burger was over cooked and dry and we had to douse it in ketchup just to make it edible. The salt and pepper shrimp seemed tasteless and I had to add extra salt on my own to give It more flavor. The only thing we both enjoyed was the mushroom ravioli. This was my first time to this location as I usually go to the Flemings in summerlin and will probably stick to that one even though this location is closer to my house.
2	I HATE having to give Flemings 2 stars. That being said... On my 4th lifetime visit to a Flemings... 2 was all it deserved. And it got those two because of our server who was great. Today is my wife's bday. We're also celebrating an Anniv and a graduation. We both ordered a Cesar salad, the she had a filet with scallops and mashed. I had a main filet with Flemings potatoes. Both of us ordered medium. Warm, pink middle. We cut into our steaks and no oink to be seen. Just dark meat. Purplish?  We showed our waiter and he used the food back to the chef who prepared new steaks. This time her was so underdone it looked like sushi. That was sent back as well for a quick Tod's in the broiler which ended up making it tough and chewy. I've Lay's been blow  away by how good the steaks are here. This time they seemed very under seasoned as well. And to be perfectly honest.. I don't think the meat was right. I don't know if it was going bad, or improperly aged, or just plain bad. But what I do know is it wasn't right. 35+yrs of eating and making steaks.... I know what medium should be. What it should be is what I got on the last 3 times I was there. I also watched two other tables by us send back their steaks as well! I'm disappointed. The manager ( I believe)  came by and checked on us at one point. She was super nice. My wife at this point was embarrassed . the lady did try to make things better.  A short time later our waiter brought the check full price bit brought my bday girl a few chocolates and  25 gift certificate for next time. Good late effort... But I left Flemings hungry and disappointed. I never thought that would happen
4	Been to this location twice. The service is top notch and everyone is extremely friends from the hostess, to the waitress, to the manager that walks around a greets all the tables. My first meal I wasn't overly impressed, my own fault probably. I get the peppercorn steak and just wasn't thrilled with the overload of real, whole peppercorns covering the steak. My second visit I couldn't have been happier with the evening. The calamari appetizer is by far the best calamari dish I have ever had. The pre dinner bread with the sun dried tomato spread is awesome. I went for a dry aged NY strip and it was fantastic. This place also knows how to pour a drink. My drink of choice, vodka on the rocks - it's a full glass of vodka, no space for mixers. Just the way I like it. We'll done Flemings.
4	Great small plates! Plenty of food for my husband and I with 2 small plates, one side, and appetizer. Yummy blue cheese butter to start with bread.
5	"Happy Hour Review"We have never been here before and decided to try Happy Hour, which is 5-7pm. What a great experience. We had Mushroom Ravioli, Sweet Chili Calamari and  Tenderloin Carpaccio. The food is excellent as was the service. The menu has wines, cocktails and appetizers at listed at $6 each. They also have a $20 corkage fee if you want to bring your own bottle of wine. Great experience and we will return.
5	*Happy hour review- came here after reading about happy hours in Vegas and I'm sure glad we did!  The "5 for $6 till 7pm" is available in the bar/lounge area and has outdoor seating available also.  We ordered the fad tired beer ( Sam Adams rebel IPA) 2 for $6, along with the pan seared crispy pork belly, roasted mushroom ravioli, sweet chile calamari and walnut turtle pie for dessert (not on HH menu) the dessert.  While waiting on our appetizers fresh baked bread was served with a Brie Chardonnay butter and a sun-dried tomato butter.  I think I could've ate the bread/better and beer all night.  I also like foods the start with the letter B.  My ranking of appetizers follows:1. Mushroom ravioli- portobello and shiitake mushroom in porcini mushroom sauce ( I love me some mushrooms)2. Crispy pork belly- served with grits and sweet onion chutney ( when you mix the pork belly with the grits and the chutney all together everything just feels like it will be ok, I try to cut down on my pork intake but with grits and chutney, I didn't feel as guilty)3. Sweet chili calamari- ehh it's calamari- I think I'll omit this one next time*The walnut turtle pie was awesome and I made sure no turtles were harmed in making this pie.*oh and another thing-a plus for the servers to warn us that HH is ending and asking for last minute orders to input before 7, truly a happy hour. =)
1	Watch it people!. Do not eat fish there!. I got the WORST food poisoning in my life at that place. Projectile vomiting among other things is really better not to mention. So disappointed that in such quality restaurant they are not more careful handling their food items in a better way, considering the prices.
5	Excellent service, perfect steak have to have aged bone in prime rib...not to mention appetizers sheared pork and crab cakes melt in your mouth
5	We came to Flemings for our 30th wedding  anniversary after reading a lot of review's on yelp for steak houses in Vegas I kept coming back to this review ... Well let me tell you there was no disappointment in our choosing...  My husband is very hard to please when it comes to steaks as we raise our own grass fed beef he was amazed at how good the flavor,tenderness,of the Bone in Ribeye was I had the Petite Filet which was equally amazing... Both steaks were cooked to perfection sides were well proportioned...  The service (TJ) was great as well... I really liked that fact that even though this is a A+ restaurant in my opinion it has a very comfortable feel to it.... One short minus no Coors Light or Oyster's on the half shell... The Calamari was great as well.... We will defiantly be back......
5	Excellent meal and service.  We ordered the prime New York strip, a filet, The Flemings potatoes, and creamed spinach.  The wine list was reasonably priced, and all was excellent.  We will return.
4	This is by far the tiniest Flemings I've been to, and I've only been to 2 others: The other Vegas location and the Newport Beach one.  My complaint with the set up is there's no barricade from the bar and the formal dining area.  With the loud groups in the bar area, your so called quiet night can be ruined.  Plus, they have 2 big TV's mounted on the bar, which can be distracting if you're facing the bar and you keep looking at the hockey game, instead of paying attention to your meal.  Being said that, I made my 7:00 reservation and was seated promptly... but by the door right AND next to the bar!  No thank you! I wanted a nice quiet dinner, not next to the group of prom or wedding goers who were loud and obnoxious, taking selfies and group pics.I asked to be seated elsewhere and the hostess said it'll be a bit of a wait.  I'm guessing other people had their table 'ear marked' because I saw a few empty tables she could have seated me at.We stood by the door thinking it'll be just a few minutes.  We should have moved to the bar, if we had known the wait would have been 45 minutes longer.Other couples came in and not once did the hostess offer them the "crummy" table.  I wonder why they offered it to me?? Maybe because I was getting $40 off my $100 meal offer that gave me a crummy table??At 8:00 we get seated at a MUCH nicer circlular booth and our server was very friendly.  She never asked if we dined at Flemings and started telling us how to use the iPod for wine, and also assumed I must rarely eat red meat, as she told us how the dry aged steaks were better than the other aged steaks.  Stephen and I decided to share a steak, so we each ordered a starter, he got the Wedge Salad, I got the Shrimp Cocktail, then we ordered a NY Strip to share, and 2 sides: The Signature Onion Rings, and the Garlic Mashed.The food was delicious, and they got 4 stars but quite honestly I think 3 stars could suffice.  Thankfully I got my gift card at Costco ($100 card for $79.99) and with the discount from the email ($40 off the bill if you spend $100) our $121 meal came to $81!  That's the best way to eat at Flemings!PLENTY of free parking, so I don't know why people would valet it.. but I guess if you want to impress your date, go for it. Its only 10 less steps than where I parked.
2	I still don't understand why people write good reviews for such cheap produce/meats. Terrible cheap farm raised salmon and corn fed (ie chock full of hormones) beef. Low quality all the way.
5	Had lunch last week at the town square location.  Bartenders were wonderful and made fresh drinks every time.  We ordered 6 different meals off the happy hour menu.  Everything was great especially for the hh price
5	Best Happy Hour deal from any restaurant in town!!! Great menu selections and served perfect every time.  Ward 8 is my favorite bourbon drink on the menu and the wine selection is perfect.  Their wine pad helped me choose a perfect wine for my steak.   Love this place for any occasion!!
4	My boyfriend and I often visit Flemings! We absolutely LOVE the happy hour! Their happy is nightly until 7p! They have drink specials, and great appetizers to choose from.  I always order a Debonair Martini extra dirty with blue cheese olives, and my boyfriend goes for jack on the rocks. We have tried all of the happy hour appetizers (there are five to choose from for $5 each!) We really enjoy the tenderloin carpaccio, baked brie, and sweet chile calamari. And be sure to order the bread basket- fresh baked bread served with both a gorgonzola chardonnay butter and a sun-dried tomato butter.
2	They had a special on their Prime Rib. Salad, side dish, Prime Rib & dessert for $29.95. Pretty good deal? Everything was good except the Prime Rib and the sometimes  service. No matter how you ordered it, well to medium rare, you got the same old piece of GRAY meat with zero taste. We had to ask the server, there were several helping the table to bring knives after they had been removed from the salad and Prime Rib was delivered, we had to ask for the 3 dipping sauces to be sent to the table and it's a small thing but when the server set down the chilled fork for the salad he set it upside down with tines toward the guest. Maybe Mom never taught him how to set a table. Been here two other times and the burgers and steaks were pretty good.
5	What can I say about this place . Food is amazing . From appetizer all the way to the deserts . I brought my parents here for their anniversary and they loved it . I highly recommend this place .
4	We came here for dinner and the food was excellent!  All of our steaks and fish were cooked perfectly!  BUT the service was very slow...we waited a little over an hour for our food.  Since we were celebrating my grandpa's birthday, they gave him a box of truffles and a $25 gift card.  Food rating= 4.5 Service rating=3
3	Great Filet Mignon! A bit pricey & the service is very slow.
4	The dry aged ribeye is amazing and the Chipotle cheddar mac and cheese!
4	excellent!!!!!!
1	Just had a terrible experience at this location. The food was ok. However, our waitress was the worst I've ever had. She was confrontational when we asked her to fix an error she made on the bill. Then accused us of lying about booking a reservation on THEIR website that would provide a $25 coupon. She claimed it only worked 90% of the time and it was our fault that they didn't receive the confirmation even though we printed out the confirmation and brought it with us. Will never eat there again. This waitress completely ruined our experience. Joes stone crab is 1000x better and will be going there from now on. You guys just lost 6 customers. You can thank your waitress.
5	The husband and I went for our 11-year anniversary dinner.Reservation was at 7:30 and we were seated right away in a cozy circular booth.  We had drinks and each ordered a salad to start (Fleming's salad and wedge salad).  Both were super tasty.  I got the petite filet mignon with the flavor sauce trio, and the husband had the regular filet.  They were both cooked exactly as requested (mine warm red center, his cremated).  We found them to be delicious.  The flavors were awesome - sweet onion bacon jam?  Are you kidding me!?  Yes.For dessert we had the turtle pie, which was also awesome.  Seriously, no complaints at any point here.  Our server, Eric, was absolutely fantastic.  It was like we were his best friends, but that kind of friend that's only around when you need them and never hangs around too long.  We had a $25 off coupon for booking the reservation online, plus a gift card my MIL gave us for our anniversary, but still spent over $100.  The place is pricey but I found the experience + food combo to be worth the indulgence.  We'll save this place for special occasions!I saw a table full of people come in about an hour into our experience with three kids under five.  Leave the f*ck trophies at home, please, Chuck-E-Cheese this is not.
5	This place is amazing! Came with the husband last night (a Monday). They were pretty busy here but the service was outstanding! I had a reservation for 6:30 but we arrived around 6:00 so that we could take advantage of the happy hour specials in the bar before heading to the dining room. The $6 martinis were perfect. We also ordered the salt and pepper shrimp and the carpaccio. Both of them were perfect and both were $6. We have been here many times and have had just about everything on the HH menu and those are my 2 favorites. We were able to go to our table when we were ready and our bar tab just transferred over. (we left a tip for the cocktail waitress though). Having been here for dinner several times, we decided to try out the small plates and share. Considering we had already had appetizers, we weren't ready for steaks (although the pepper steak is the husbands favorite) We ordered the lamb chops, the braised short ribs and the scallops. Everything was outstanding. The lamb chops were the favorite for both of us. Our main waiter was Christian, he was so kind and had that perfect balance of making sure you have everything you need while not hovering and bothering you. The managing partner, Leroy, made a couple stops at our table to make sure we were happy. The service here really is exceptional. When we were paying the bill, Christian had asked if we had valeted the car because he would have it brought to the front for us! You can tell that Leroy takes great pride and truly enjoys making each guest feel like they are having a perfect experience. We eat out several times a week and have been to hundreds of restaurants here, this is one of my favorites.So, to summarize:Happy Hour:  drinks A+, food A+(happy hour is 5-7 daily in the bar)Dinner:  A+Service:  A+Ambience:  A+
1	Unfortunately, we were disappointed with this Flemings location due to the poor service.  After a long work day in Las Vegas, yes work in Las Vegas, we arrived late to this location to find numerous staff members attending to a relative few patrons.  These staff members were observed talking to each other, cleaning wine glasses at empty tables and standing about.  WE WERE NOT GREETED OR OFFERED BEVERAGE SERVICE AFTER SITTING IN THE BAR AREA.  A simple glass of water would have been great.  We left after 6 minutes of this lack of attention. Because of this, we will not ever have the chance to try any Fleming's location or any other brands owned by this company.
5	Great service and excellent food. We've been there two twice and have not been disappointed in anything we've ordered. Can't beat the happy hour - great prices on all the favorites! Love this location too as it is super convenient and central to everything.
4	I absolutely loved this place. Adam was great. So caring about our group.was there with daughter & 3 of her friends for her 25th birthday. The appetizers all down to dessert were good. Filet was tasty and everything hot and well prepared. I can hardly wait to return.
5	Great food and awesome service!Walked in, although I recommend reservations, for our 4 year anniversary and were greeted and sat promptly. Hostess made certain to advise those whom were assisting us as well as the manager of our reason for dining. Most definitely made the evening that much more special.We had the pleasure of being assisted by TJ...ask for him if you decide to dine!We ordered:Lump crab cakesPeppercorn steak with the diablo shrimpChipotle macaroni and cheeseMolten lava cakeAll of which were made to perfection and served with great presentation.
4	Well... We were looking for the yard house.. (It moved to it's new home at the Linq, we found out later that night.. BAD gps!)Well, we stayed at location and had dinner. Great food, pricey, but great service as was expected for this type of dining. Will go back again :)
5	Just went to Flemings at Town Square to have an anniversary dinner. Went for the special prime rib deal which included salad and dessert for about $30. Food was delicious and we took a bunch home because the quantities are huge. Service was great - everyone was really friendly. We started our evening in the bar with their happy hour specials - $6 drinks. Very pleasant wines for such a good price. Had the prime rib seared and it was fantastic. Biggest baked potato we've ever seen and the turtle pecan pie was so rich we could only eat a small portion. Strongly recommend.
3	First time at this location. First impression- love the openness and actual light, so much better than the stuffy, dark atmosphere at the Summerlin location! Nice decor, and love plush seating at the bar tables. We were dining during Happy Hour to take advantage of our $100 gift card that I won!Service is quick and friendly, and there was no long wait for anything. We tried a number of happy hour apps- Salt & pepper tempura shrimp (tasty shrimp, but the mustardy sauce it comes with was a no go) Asked for cocktail sauce instead. There are also tempura green beans with the shrimp, and tempura lemons which is very strange. I liked the lemons, but who wants to bite into what looks like a slice of zucchini and find a lemon?The baked brie was my fave. Delicious! Served with apple slices. The Fleming's salad was very good, loved the tangy dressing. There are a number of $6 drinks at happy hour, we both enjoyed those as well. Nice selection of $6 wines and 2 beers (their choice) for $6.I ordered carrot cake to go, which was mushy and seemed not cooked all the way. Last time I had the carrot cake at the Summerlin location, it was delicious!I would return here to enjoy the outdoor seating area!
5	Had a great dinner this weekend. Didn't know about their Sunday Prime Rib special but I had to try it. We first sat at the bar and had a couple of drinks. It was happy hour and the drinks were half the price that you would pay on the strip!!! We had a very nice booth for our 745pm reservation and a bottle of wine to start. The service was exceptional! Jeremy was outstanding and very attentive.  Joaquin the Manager also stopped by and checked up on us. Price was really reasonable! Great location for Date Night. Food was Excellent!
5	The 4 of us went in for the $29.95 prime rib special and we weren't disappointed.  The prime rib was PERFECT . . .great flavor and not fatty at all.  The sides were great (creamed spinach has been improved since our last visit) and the Fleming potatoes were very good.  Started off with a wedge salad which was good size and quite satisfying.  The special also included as much bread with the spreads as we wanted and desert too.  I ordered the chocolate lava cake and was impressed.The drinks were generous (good pours of wine and stronger cocktails) and were reasonable.The service was fantastic.  Our server Morgan took great care of us and didn't rush us along.  She was attentive without being intrusive.  Our dinner experience took about 2.5 hours and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  We will definitely be back.As for those stating that Flemings is expensive . . . .it can be, but it depends on what you order.  The prime rib special is usually on Sundays only.  They do have loyalty programs which help on the cost.  I understand that there are discount gift cards at Costco from time to time as well.  And, they also have a special lower cost menu if you want to dine at the bar.  However, if you do dine at the bar, you're going to miss out on the excellent service from a server such as Morgan.Thanks again Morgan for taking care of us!!M&M
5	Last week came in for our first time  and I had an amazing experience!  My waitress Kate was so attentive and so knowledgeable.  I love this place.. hands down the best place ive been to in a while! We had the mac and cheese which was to die for And the dry aged ribeye which was so tender and melted in your mouth. Im definitely coming back soon! Ask for Kate if you want an awesome dining experience!
5	We had a late dinner here last night and both the meal and service were exceptional. I ordered the mushroom ravioli and meatballs off the bar menu, while my date ordered a dry aged steak with a side of king crab and house potatoes. We also had two drinks - a blueberry lemon drop martini and their fruit stand lemonade. Lastly, we shared an amazing lava cake for dessert.The outdoor seating area was empty so we opted to sit out there. Our waitress was attentive, fun, and very sweet. And literally every item we ordered was a joy to eat or drink. The food kept our bellies satiated while the drinks kept us silly and happy throughout our dinner.My only negative was that we will probably never eat outdoors again due to the heavy layer of smoke in the air. I was starting to get a cough yesterday and today it is much worse, so I'm sure last night's not-so-fresh air had something to do with it. I would have given a 4.5 rating if possible because of this.Aside from that, we had an excellent experience. Our bill was about $150, which sounds right considering how much we ordered. An additional $30 was also added for the great service. Given the $180 total spent, we probably would not come back for dinner often... but I definitely hope to stop in again soon to try their $6 bar specials!
5	Food is really good   costly but worth it.  You want a bargain go during happy hour at the bar. Super super cheap.  They've got a bad ass Angus burger with bacon and blue cheese.    Just go and enjoy!!!
5	I have been here several times and always just sit in the bar. They have an awesome happy hour, the burger, flatbread, and carpaccio are all super tasty. They have great cocktails and a wide variety.
5	We came with guest from Vegas and from out of town. We were not disappointed. Everything from the hostess to the management were friendly and accommodating. The decor is beautiful and the ambiance were lovely. Although it was a bit warm. The food was fantastic. The wine was "Last Call" so we were able to get excellent wine at 50% off. It was a wonderful evening
5	We logged onto Open Table and booked this on the way to a movie. Got there a little early, they had our booth waiting! Great selection of wine, the waiters know how everything is prepared and seasoned and they care that you are happy!  The food was some of the best ever.  Fleming potatoes are a MUST! Atmosphere is quieter than most other Flemings and the entire staff made us feel welcome. We will be back!
4	I am updating this review because of the way that the management staff handled our previous experience. We were treated very well by management here they were able to please us and I was finally able to try the Dry Aged Rib Eye that I wanted to try on my first visit and I have to say it was delicious, I also have to say the service this time around was impeccable. Good recovery Flemmings , thanks to your manager you have earned at least this customer back. Thank you
5	Five stars for outstanding happy hour and service.  Happy hour (hh) is offered from (5p-7p) 7 days a week in the bar area.  We used to frequent the Summerlin Fleming's hh, but it was near impossible to obtain a seat due to the limited bar area seating.  I am happy to report that the Town Square location has 4-5x the bar seating.  hh offerings consist of wine or mixed drinks and a handful of dishes plus the Fleming's burger @ $6/each.  Our personal favorite hh dish is the baked brie that comes baked in a croissant with granny smith apples and honey glazed walnuts.  Upon slicing with the side of your fork, the brie oozes like hot lava.I can't wait to return for dinner, so I can order my favorite Med Rare Ribeye!
5	One of the Best Happy Hours in Vegas.  1/2lb Prime Bacon Cheeseburger with Onion Rings or fries $6. Service is always good and the food is excellent.  Great wine selection and Prime Beef.  What could be better
5	One of my favorite happy hour places in the city. The menu offers a variety of cocktails, wine and appetizers at $6 each. The appetizer portions are large enough to share. Highly recommend the sweet chile calamari- lightly breaded, lightly drizzled with a sweet chile sauce and red peppers and spicy yellow peppers. The house made burratta is light and creamy - served with crostini and roasted grape tomatoes The roasted mushroom and artichoke flatbread was tender and crispy garnished with some light greens.
5	Super yummy food!!! I've been here a few times for happy hour and Jess over in the cocktail lounge was by far the best server we've had while dining in for happy hour!!
4	Top notch service. Good selection of wine by the glass. Didn't notice much difference in the dry-aged ribeye and the regular prime ribeye. I like that they offer to char the steak; I didn't do it though. Highly recommended: baked brie (appetizer)PS: Their bread and butter is ridiculously good! Had to have a second plate!!!
3	Yes, it's expensive, but not any more so than other upscale steak houses.  The atmosphere is really nice and the wait staff attentive and friendly.  Our food took forever to come out with no explanation but the flavor kind of made up for that.  It was very good.  They have a decent line list and the meat is all grass fed.  The one complaint I have is the piped in music.  It's awful and it's too loud.  Why can't these places realize that loud rock music, county and western and no name pop blaring while you eat interferes with the appetite.  I did all I could to block it out but it was too loud.Anyway, I recommend the happy hour there, better prices and more conducive to a quick bite and drink than sitting for a meal and being distracted by the music.
5	Great food !
5	What an amazing surprise! This was our favorite meal of the trip, even though it was by far the least expensive. The service we got from everyone in the restaurant was amazing, but especially our server Morgan. The food was perfect, and about a third of the price of fine dining restaurants on the strip.I cannot recommend this place highly enough.
3	Flemings is one of the chain steak house that I enjoy going. Their food is better than most other chain steak places in my opinion. I was craving for steak the other day and they are doing a promo for AE card holder. Therefore, I decided to try the new location in Town Square. It was relatively packed on Wednesday night. We were seated right away since we had the reservation. Our server was attentive and accommodating. I don't remember her name though. Her service was 5 stars till something happened when we paid our check.  FoodFrench onion soup: I always like the French onion soup there. It's not too salty like most places and it was flavorful. (4.5/5)Heirloom tomato and burrata salad: I really enjoy this dish. The homemade burrata was amazing. Only complain was the portion. (4/5)Prime rib: my friend was satisfied by the medium prime rib. I thought it wasn't too bad but not amazing. (3/5)Dry age prime ribeye: I ordered a medium rare one. With dry age steak, I was expecting the steak to be more flavorful and tender than regular ribeye. However, I didn't quite taste the difference. (3.5/5)Chocolate lava cake: this is my favorite dessert there. However, they used to use blue bell ice cream I believe. The ice cream that came with this dessert doesn't taste as rich as blue bell anymore. That was a bummer. (4/5) Alright, back to the story. So when we were paying our check, they couldn't get the total correct due to the promo on the AE card. I told the waitress our check amount was off by $15. She apologized and took it back. The manager was helping her figuring out the correct amount. After 20 minutes went by, waitress came by and dropped off the check. Guess what? The total was still the same amount before they did any correction. I couldn't find the waitress so I called for manager. I explained to him that the total was still off. He looked at it and said oh she didn't take if off? And he walked away. Then he had another server to drop off the check. I think it's very very unprofessional of the manager. He should have apologized for the error, fixed it and brought the check back himself instead of blaming on the employee. Due to this whole "they can't get their math right" , I waited 30 minutes just to get my check corrected. Not very happy. Not going to return to this location.
5	After eating here, I can't eat steak anywhere else.  Their dry age rib eye and ny cuts are the bomb.  Also great prime rib dinners on Sundays.  Side dishes like the flemmings potatoes - very delicious.  Desserts are tops too.  And if you do a guest survey you get $25 off your next meal of $50 or more. Service is also excellent.  My fave restaurant.
2	We went last night for my husband's birthday and I ordered the special which was a steak served Oscar style. The meat was too salty to eat, the crab dry and fishy and the asparagus was over cooked. Our drinks- mojitos were also very poorly done. We have been to Fleming's in other cities and had wonderful food. This was very disappointing. The service was nice. The music loud and did not match the setting. We will not return.
1	We knew there must have been a reason why all the other high end steak houses were booked out that night, but Fleming's could seat us promptly at 7pm. Although the server was wonderful, the food was not fresh, it was badly cooked, and yet we spent $350 for 2 people. I had the lobster tails, they were undercooked (I have never been served undercooked lobster in my life) and tasted fishy. Feeling bad, I told them to stick them under the broiler rather than cook me a new plate, which they did, and that helped absolutely none to improve the flavor - even fully cooked, the lobster tasted a bit "fishy" which really bothered me, not fresh. My husband had the beef carpaccio appetizer, the meat was too thickly sliced and he said it  tasted "defrosted" which meant it was "wet" but the wetness was from water, rather than the juice of nice fresh raw beef. The Caesar salad I had before the lobster had no flavor, nothing special, not enough dressing, very small. We got a side order of cooked asparagus that was unremarkable at best. My husband's filet mignon was nothing great, he said I cooked them better at home. We were both truly disappointed, a night out in Vegas for that amount of money should have given us a fond memory to think of for years to come. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
4	The steak house part is delicious. The ambiance isn't great. I would give the food a 5/5 not sure it could have been better. The ambiance was loud and had lots of children. I'm sorry but the last thing I want after I leave my kids at home is to have kids around screaming and generally misbehaving. It is a 3 $$$ place that means nice to me. Dress a little nicer. There were three tables that had kids who were in pjs.. Uh it was 730. Maybe your kids shouldn't be here then. I will probably go back because the steak and potatoes were delicious.
4	Not much to say other than a great meal with great guest.  Service was quality as usual And rib eyes were cooked and seasoned perfectly.
5	A great Steak Restaurant in Town Square.  There were two of us and we waited about 10 minutes for a table.  They called us by our Surname once our table was ready.  It was a busy night which made it a bit loud.  I had the Filet Mignon rare and it was one of the best I ever ate.  All of the food was very good and the service was excellent.
3	The Manager contacted me personally to offer us another meal and his apologies which we really appreciated. The manager formerly ran the Tucson location which was a great  so hopefully he can turn this location around.
4	I'm not a huge steak fan and normally I don't like these huge restaurant chains but Flemings was a nice surpise!  We had the dry aged rib eye, swordfish, & petite filet mignon.Dry Aged Rib Eye - it was really tasty but my boyfriend thinks he's had better.Swordfish - it was moist and had good flavor, not fishy, so that was good, but next time I think I'm getting the salmon.Petite Filet mignon - though I only had a small piece, this was really good!  I'd probably order this if I was in the mood for red meat! The sides are just average.  But their Flemings Salad is pretty good so I'd definitely recommend that.Service was great and the waiters/bussers/managers all check on you.  They even have a happy hour!Only downside, it is considered fine dining so be prepared to shell out the cash.  :)
