2	Grumble. I would hate to be measured by my worst day at work, but come on "B-Dubs" I had a horrible lunch, errrr, almost lunch. I arrived at 11:45AM, before the rush, placed a simple order, only to have you forget it and not even realize it. I walked out after 35 minutes waiting for a chicken sandwich. Give me a break.The only reason I would come back is that I've had good Happy Hour experiences with y'all. $2.00 drafts.
1	The deal with Buffalo Wild Wings is this: Stay the fuck away from it.  Just don't go.  If you go anywhere else, the service will range from slightly below average to good, but stay the hell away from that place.  Trust me.The other locations are fine, however.  Now then, service aside, on to the food.  BWW (Or B-Dubs, or B-Dub-Dub, or Bufwizzle For Shizzle, or Bu-...you get the point) has a selection of big sized burgers that thankfully now come with fries.  Previously, paying $6-8 netted you simply a burger sans accoutrements, so I'm glad that they've seen the err of their ways and wisened up. They have ribs that are adequate, nice and messy, tacos with whatever sauce you want, chicken sandwiches, and a whole mess of appetizers ranging from mini-cheeseburgers and corn dogs to thick slices of potato dubbed "Buffalo Chips" that go great with cheese on top.  The gold standard, however, are their sour cream and chive-infused potato wedges.  These things are killer, and I highly recommend you get a basket with your wings.The wings themselves, whether boneless or traditional, are "OK" at best, though the variety of sauces they have are delectable.  Go with the Mango Habanero, Asian Zing or Caribbean Jerk wings for a sweet/hot combo.  All in all, a good sports bar type atmosphere and beer specials go well with their mediocre wings, and so long as a game is on, you won't notice whether the service sucks or not, which it probably will.  The food makes up for it though, damnit.But don't you dare go to that shithole in Mesa.  I'll kick your ass.
3	Another chain I have visited recently.  Good place to catch Red Sox games if you don't have an MLB package with your cable or Direct TV.  If you need to take proactive steps in order to consume a food is that good?  I really like the habanero mango sauce.  On Thursdays they have .60 chicken fingers (boneless wings) and I have gone a couple times and had them with the habanero sauce.Problem is the sauce is very hot.  Spicy hot.  When you eat it.  As it works it's way through your system.  As it works it's way out of your system.  Spicy.If you order wings ask for them crispy.  They will cook them a little more and give them the nice crunchiness just like at home.Other than wings and boneless and beer Buffalo Wild Wings is probably a two star joint.
2	my 2nd time there tonight. Pluses: Our server from the first time remembered us - very nice guy. I like the tasting samplers you can get, the free trivia game and the Tue/Thu specials. BTW, there is NO blue cheese in the extra-charge dressing. The food sounds better than it actually is - not bad, just not great. All in all I guess this is damning with faint praise. I like to look forward to restaurants. Lots of tvs and neon beer signs - I get a nagging premonition that loud sports bars like this will be featured in the Smithsonian some day as an example of our 21st century consumerism ... oh well, it's close to home and my husband likes it ...
5	best wings ever
3	Heard that the wings here were super delish, so had to give it a try.  I ordered like some sort of honey hot, and they were scorching, which is exactly how i like em!!  So kudos on the wings...umm the service was great when we frist got there.  Our server was super sarcastic and funny and really had us going.  Then she's like "I'm gonna be off now, so Kristen is gonna take care of you"  Boo!  I hate when you switch servers, it's almost never as good.  You can pretty much expect to be ignored.  So we get "Kristen" or "Christine" I dont remember or care to since she never came over to say hi.  We had to wave her down to order some more beer.  She was very quiet and no fun at all.  I wish our server wasn't going home!!!  So then I notice that the table next to us is the one that all the employees sit at to eat their food and drink at when their off.  Awkward.  Don't really want to hear about how much money you did or didn't make and how many dousche bags you served tonight.  The manager was nice though.  He came over and said hi.   I'd say it was only great cuz of the first server and the  wings, after that, it was kinda just ok.  I would go back though and hope the first server was there.
5	I went here to watch the boxing match between Mayflower and Marquez. The food was good, we sampled 4 different favors of wings and they all had a great taste and texture. Our service was great and the place was packed - though we got there super early and had great seats in a booth. The manager came to our booth during one of the preliminary fights and told us that since we were in a booth they were going to move people to sit with us (she said something about it's a requirement to have 4 people to a booth during these kind of events). I was a little annoyed, but if that's policy then I didn't mind so much - plus it would have been cool to meet some new people. However, people never came. I don't know if there just wasn't as many people as the manager had expected, or the groups were big and didn't want to lose two people to come sit with us. Either way we ended up having our own booth the whole time, which we preferred anyways. The fun for the crowd really started during the main event, there were whoops and yells and cries of defeat or success. Super fun - and what really topped off my experience was the bathroom! Clean, roomy with a sitting couch and cute mirrors all over the place. It smelled good too.I would definitely come to a Buffalo Wild Wings for a big event like this any time!
1	I've been to BWW on two occasions and they both earned one star. First occassion I went with  my boyfriend and we were meeting up with a couple of friends. My boyfriend orders a beer and hands our waitress his I.D. She then proceeds to tell him that she needs TWO FORMS OF I.D. "My drivers license isn't good enough?", he says. "No." responds the waitress. Uhhh, ok. Second occasion was tonight 1/5/2010. A fundraiser for the Gilbert police officer that was killed in duty. Good cause, right? I figured I'd go with one of my good friends. Man we got the shittiest waitress ever. She has a snotty attitude the entire time and keeps talking to all her dumb  coworkers. Every time she screwed up it was "Oh, I'm sorry I'm busy." Are you freaking joking me? We order our food and some of our friends join us. It takes her almost 30 minutes to bring us dessert which is fried churros and ice cream. I KNOW it doesn't take that long to bring my cold ass churros and melted ice cream to my fucking table. Don't worry.  I didn't tip.I don't understand people who say ZOMG THESE FUCKIN WINGS ARE SOOOOOO GOOD!!!)$i(!! Because they aren't. They are mediocre at best. NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN.
2	My Wife insisted we try this place because she's really into hot wings. Gotta' tell you.... very, very mediocre. Extremely average. It was a nice atmosphere- It was the last day of the regular hockey season with some important (playoff implication) games going on. Service was really good too... But, Food was really lacking and it was barely OK. To top that, I can't stand when my food is served in a plastic basket! If I'm paying Nine Bucks for a hamburger, at least give me a frickin' PLATE!!!!! Way overpriced  as well.
3	Met some friends at this location to watch the Cardinals game. It was about the same as any other Buffalo Wild Wings. The wings are good, and the beer is cheap. I really liked how big this Buffalo Wild Wings is. It has a very open set up and a lot space. When I got up to go the restroom I never felt like I was blocking anyone's view. There also were enough TV's around so I had a view of the game from where ever I sat.
4	Hit BWW last night to watch the UFC fight with a pretty large group. The restaurant/bar was super flexible with us and took good care of us. WE had a barage of drink and food. I tossed back a few cold ones and had a solid burger. Didn't try any of the wings but many people at our table did and seemed pleased. Overall it was a good atmosphere and well priced. I'd go back if I was in the area
5	Best BWW in the area. The staff at this location is great! This is always a busy place. They offer seating outdoors or indoors on the restaurant side or at the bar. I always sat at the bar or outdoors. They have tvs both indoors and out for you to watch the sporting events. The are reasonably priced both in regards to food and alcohol. The wings are the best! Anytime I am in the area I always stop here to grab a bite to eat and have a drink. The restaurant side seems to be kid friendly, they have games on both sides. The service is always quick and the food is always hot and prepared as requested.
5	Love this place. I go to this one and the Gilbert Rd location frequently. Love the beer, especially at happy hour or Thirsty Thursday. Love the boneless wings especially the Caribbean Jerk and the Asian Zing. They make an awesome burger too. Don't forget to get a basket of buffalo chips with that burger.
4	I love going to BWW.  $2 Stella on Thursdays and wings that are actually spicy.  Definitively worth the price.  This place has a great view of a TV from almost every seat, and there are a lot of places to sit.  I've taken clients here for lunch and I've never had a bad experience with a server.  They may not always be fast, but I've never thought they were slow.
4	Excellent place to watch football. Great food, good prices, great service.
2	I used to go to B Dubs a lot but their customer service has consistently diminished over time.I placed a carry out order and was told it would be ready in 20 minutes. So  I show up 25 minutes later only to find out that my order was still not ready and it would be another 10 minutes. So I payed for my order and proceeded to wait out the 10 extra minutes they estimated. Fast forward another 20 minutes and my food had still not been given to me. Then the girl up front asked me if I had been helped yet. Keep in mind she's the same one that helped me when I first arrived. I couldn't understand how after only 20 minutes she had forgotten that she previously helped me. I informed her that I was still waiting for my carry out order that she quoted to be only a 10 minute wait (on top of the other 20 minutes)In the end my small $30 carry out order took roughly 55 minutes to be completed when I was initially told 20 minutes. And to top it all off my boneless wings were barely coated with sauce.I will definitely have to be craving wings for me to return and honestly I'll probably fix that craving by getting wings from somewhere else.
4	The interior is like a sports bar, except they specialize in wings with a million different favors!!!We've got a really good deal as well: ended up paying  less than 50 cents per wing!Last but not least, did I mention all the waitresses there are super cute and/or hot blonde girls?I heart this this place!
1	My wife and I were craving wings and since I've been to this place before we thought we'd swing in, Ooops my mistake, UFC night and they were charging a cover.... We weren't even interested in the fight and we told them to seat us away from the event, still they insisted on charging the cover. Sorry but I won't pay to sit in your establishment then pay again to eat.We now go to the one at Chandler Fashion Mall. Great food and great service and NEVER a cover charge for any televised event.
4	I went there last night and really had fun. I'm not the biggest fan of tons of televisions playing sports games, but if that's your thing, you'll give it a five star review.We got the Asian wings, which were delish.  There's nothing over the top or extravagant here, but then again, that's what you should be expecting when you walk in the door. I got a flavored Mojito, and it hit the spot. Our server was really helpful, and handled our table of 15 well.My friend played the game where you try to catch stuffed animals with a claw, and he actually got one, woohoo!
1	Stopped in between classes yesterday with my wife and daughter. Staff is generally enjoyable but the service really sucks. We got there about 4:30pm and sat in the dining area. There were only 3 other very small groups there. Placed our order and waited and waited and waited...... We asked our server to check on the order and waited. The girl finally comes out with our order and says, because we asked for extra crispy and extra wet, this added 4 minutes to the cooking time (30 minute wait), plus, she says, the wings are extra large this time....... huh? She's telling this to us as she's handing us our order and I look....... They actually were smaller than normal, I just about fell out of my chair.Now on to simple math.... The girls ordered a half dozen wings each and got their 1 cup of dressing with the order, I ordered a dozen and was charged $.50 for the extra cup of dressing... excuse me? We've decided to NEVER go to this location again. This is the same franchise owner who charges a cover charge for the special UFC events. There are several other locations close by that don't charge and their service is excellent. We still love Buffalo Wild Wings, we just have to drive an extra minute or two for quality.
3	Bacon cheeseburger was the typical bar bacon cheeseburger.  I have discovered, though, as I get older, that I don't really like bars anymore.  Don't like the atmosphere, don't like the other patrons....kinda makes me sad.  So even though the food was ok, I'm sure I won't be back...
5	Great food! Jessica is the best she always remembers I want oranges instead of lemons with my agave wheat beer!!
4	Good place to eat. Hate getting charged for extra ranch and sauce.
3	Overall this is an average location.
4	If you're young and are into sports this is the place for you.This place is full of enthusiastic sports fans and there are TV's everywhere!  It's a sports bar on steroids..The food is ok.  Typical bar fare.The waitresses are very pretty and also attentive enough so that you're not waiting around for a refill.
2	They ran out of boneless wings. So we asked them to substitute the boneless wings in the sampler with chicken tenders.  Manager, Brandon  said no......We ended up staying, only because the kids were hungry. Otherwise, we were prepared to walk out..Of course the food we did end up ordering tasted good. But we weren't happy with the experience.
3	Not what I expected but still a nice neighborhood place to have some wings and a beer. The wings were small but the sauce was awesome. The service was friendly even if a little slow. We ate in the dining room, not the bar, and that may have made a difference in service.  They had the European Soccer Championships on and the screen was big and the sound quality good.  When I am looking for a neighborhood place for simple food, Buffalo Wild Wing is fine by me!
1	terrible service; management could care less about customer satisfaction. Visited my sister in Phx last week and had a taste for wings. SAt down after the peak dinner hour, around 8pm, ordered right away and still waited 53 minutes for two 8 piece baskets of boneless wings, one of which was messed up twice, so had to wait even longer. Both orders were dry, came in the same little paper trays we used to eat tater tots from in elementary school. No plates or napkins; had to ask twice for them. I guess that is an odd request at this establishment. Asked repeatedly for celery while we waited for first order to be corrected, none came. The server was very nice and apologetic, however made no special effort to correct her mistakes, and walked with the pace of a turtle. She sent the manager over, who at first went to the wrong table saying to the family next to us; " I hear you folks have a problem." When we explained it was us, and we had waited an unreasonable amount of time for our order, and that the order was wrong when it finally came his answr was; "Huh. Thank you for bringing that to my attention." That was it. In addition, there were about 19 servers milling around, not one had a sense of urgency or purpose in their step. We also observed other tables in the not full dining room being ignored. Management didn't even offer us a discount or any reason to come back, as you should if you want to keep loyal returning customers. So glad i don't live there. Will never return to this location; possibly never to any location.
4	The kids the sliders and french fries.  We loved the appetizers and drinks!
3	Great neighborhood bar with decent wings. I don't come here for the social scene, but enjoy the food and big screen TVs.
4	BWW has by far the best boneless wings ever.  I hate wings most of the time because of fighting your way into bones.  I actually never really liked them until I tried BWW.  The sports scene is great because you have multiple games going on from different sports.  We went on Boneless wings Thursdays where I think each wing is 69 cents.  What a wonderful number, eh?
5	My favorite BWW. Great set up for watching football games. Super friendly staff!  Buffalo has the best wings, boneless and traditional.
3	Thanks fellow Yelpers for your reviews!  After reading, I chose the Gilbert location and knew I'd order wings since it was written BWW should stick to what they do best.  We were promptly greeted and seated.  Our server was both friendly and helpful.  At first glance the wing prices may seem a little high (at least they did to me).  Let me assure you the wings are not those from a cornish hen, size and quality are there.  We ordered blazin' and asian wings which were okay-plus,  served hot and fresh.  We also ordered the nacho trio which was quite interesting as it had ingredients you wouldn't normally expect - it says so on the menu so no surprise - the only downfall being fried diced chicken which quickly became soggy.  All in all - good.  I couldn't find prices on their "drinks" menu, this of course after having ordered.  Fearing the worst, the Bloody Mary my husband ordered was $6 - a fairly standard price every where.  As far as a sports bar goes, there are screens everywhere, large and small.  During our visit there was a hockey game on a projection screen and I could actually see the puck.
5	Visited this location after an atrocious experience with service at the location on Gilbert road (a location I will never visit again). My groups server, Paige, was incredibly friendly and efficient and maintained good table presence without being over bearing. The food was good, as expected from BWW (my favorite place to get wings). Overall it was an pleasant experience and I have already returned once, and I will continue to do so.
4	Bww has good food for a chain.. Great place for a lunch beer and wings. There is a hidden gem in their traditional wings, get the traditional buffalo dry rub love them. The only way to go with wings!
5	My boys and I love coming here. My son is special needs and all the girls fuss over him and he loves it. Great service. Good food.
1	This location isnt cooperate owned, service was bad they sat us at our table it took ten minutes before we were visited by a server about drinks. The restaurant wasn t even that busy and our waitress was rude and impatient when asking about sauce selections. I asked for extra sides of ranch and they charge for every side even though its not tuesday or thursday. I also filled out a survey that gives $5 off and when i went to redem it at this location they said since they are not cooperate they only offer $4 off. On top of that they changed the wing prices to snack, small, medium, and large portions. Me and my son used to split 24 wings for $19.99 which is already alot but now the large portion is 21 wings for $19.99. While this isn t a big deal just feels like they make up there own rules.
5	From the moment we walked in the hostess was very friendly and welcoming. We asked for the wings extra crispy and when they came out they weren't as crispy we had hoped. so the manager came over and suggested we ask for them extra crispy and grilled... so we did and they were amazing! Completely enhanced the flavor :)Everyone there was extremely friendly, welcoming and definitely made our experience wonderful. Food was also delicious... can't wait to go back! :) Thank you!!
2	Lets start with the good........their wings are really good and  large in size.Tv's everywhere ........The bad...... This location has a few antiquated projection screen tv's that make what you're watching look like a 1975 tv. please upgrade !!Wings are now 1.10 each.....man oh man....when did wings get so crazy expensive??A dozen wings.... 13.00 ???  15 wings 16.00 ?They have so many specials that the waiter couldn't even figure them out.....Special Calendars, drink specials, happy hour only at the bar.......we were frazzled just trying to get past the rules.Again , loved the asian wings, my jerk chicken sandwich was ok......
3	Well I don't want to give a bad review since I worked here and the boss isn't so great. I know a lot of the servers there and some are good some still need work. But I know these girls try hard. Well food is good I love there spicy garlic or medium or lemon pepper or salt an vinager wings or even Caribbean jerk is good. Their wraps are good as well and juice steak burger awesome! I didn't like the fish tacos though not good at all. Now I've def had a couple times were the food was not so great but remember its not the server most times its the cooks fault. They are good at having food runners and to run the food asap. So the majority of the time when it takes forever for your food its because of the cooks. Either they are new or someone is training someone or they have a catered event going on or sometimes in all honesty just plain screwing around in the back. Def on sun expect a wait due to its football sunday and its freaking packed in there.
5	wonderful people, food, the works.  This is the best Buffalo Wild Wings in town.
1	DON'T COME IN FOR LUNCH!!!! Came in on our lunch break because we work around the corner. After waiting 10 minutes for drinks. We finally got our order in and food didn't come for another 30 minutes. 45 minutes later, the manager tells us to call ahead next time. They did discount our meal but that was after I complained to the manager, who told us to call in ahead of time.
3	Too many ticky tack changes.  Wings on special but you have to pay for ranch dressing! Service wasn't that good. Not coming back.
1	I am very disappointed with the service and the general manager.  I usually come here for Monday night football as well as pay per view fights. Tonight I came in for the boxing match,  I came in early so I can get a good table to watch the fight,  while the preliminary fights were going on,  the manager came up to me and told me that she was going to find me new friends and that they were going to sit at my table to which I replied,  I am waiting for my friends and she said well,  I will be back in a few minutes and if they are not here I am going to ask you to pay for your friends in advance or you are going to make new friends. Once again, I was there early so we could have a table. That manager is not a good business woman, she needs to learn how to treat customers as customers versus inmates. second, the service was incredibly slow and only saw our waiter seldomly, it would have been easier to walk to the bar to get my drinks. I don't know if I should give them a second chance or go somewhere where else where they want my money.
1	This used to be a great spot for a quick meal or dinner with the kids. Unfortunately everything that our family liked, they changed and ruined it. First the salad went to gross. Then they got rid of the grill that made the chicken wings special beyond just wings. Asking for the wings grilled gave them a nice extra flavor. Then they added too much salt to almost everything. Yuk, we haven't been back since.
4	Came here for happy hour with my best friend to grab some wings and beers. We were greeted and seated right away near the bar and had a big high top table all to ourselves. The server was really nice and attentive and got our drinks and food order. She saw my friend's ID first and then she asked for mine and looked at mine for a really long time, made a face, looked at my friend and back at my ID as if I had her ID even though she just looked at my friend's ID, and that was really annoying but whatever. I'm way over 21 so I don't know what her problem was. The wings were good and nicely sauced, the fried pickles were delicious too. Overall experience was really good except the server we had needs to be a bit more professional with the whole ID checking thing.
4	Stopped by for a quick couple of wings and some ice tea. The waitress took our order and sent it off to the kitchen. When the server came out with our order it was completely wrong. The manager came out and did an excellent job of making everything correct and even took 15% off the bill. I like Buffalo wild wing, and I was pleased to see that the manager has the ability to correct things. We are a loyal customer and will continue to go to Buffalo wild wing at McQueen and Elliot!
4	My wife and I go to this Buffalo Wild Wings often,  we find the beer selection is excellent and cold.   The bartenders are friendly and fast.   The Manager that we like makes a long drive to run this location,  he shows he really cares.   He always has a smile.  Since we are regulars,  we see the interaction between the staff and the customers, I will say it is unequaled.   Great TV's all over the place and they will put something on for you if you ask.    Very up to date and a great atmosphere.  I find the Onion rings are some of the best you will find.  The Wings are large and really done well.Just an all around great place to go.   I would highly recommend this location.   It is run very well and is very clean.UPDATE:   It appears the owners of this location which I thought was doing great are planning to close this location down and move the franchise  to Casa Grande.     What a shame  This is a great location.
2	BWW has always been one of my favorite places but this visit was a bust. The drinks came out quick but then it took forever to get our order taken. Then the onion rings came they were very good hot and fresh however when the wings got there they were barely room temp. After we ate we were going to have a couple drinks but the waiter brought the check before we were done eating! Oh well we will go have drinks were we are wanted. Granted we did get a good portion of the bill comped so I will give them another chance but this visit is a 2 at best
3	Owners also own location on Gilbert road which seems to get more attention.  Service at bar area is good, but table service is hit or miss.  Not sure why you can't order a dozen wings anymore - when did it become 10?    Rumours that they are closing this location.
