5	Had a classic fish burrito, it was so good, with white rice. Excellent Tea, and a nice Primo beer of the month. Its a brand new location off the 215 and Rainbow by Boyds gaming. It has a full bar, 8 tvs by the bar, gaming machines, huge dining area. This is the best location I have been to. Its all new, clean, I hear its 24 hours.BTW it opened 10/26/11.Cool surfer, skater, fish taco place. I want to go back and check out the bar, it wasnt open when I was there at lunch time, it probably is by now.wahoo fish, carnitas, shrimp tacos, chicken, tofu, or carne asada.Tacos, burritos, salads, or have it in a bowl.Huge fan of this place, feels like a healthy lunch or dinner.
5	2nd time shrimp Tacos, black beans and rice, wow those were so good. Beyond good. I will get some pics of the bar etc.
5	Very fresh food. The tacos, beans, and rice, are all fresh and delicious (most importantly NOT FRIED!!). Comparable to the california locations.
2	Sorry to be the one to do this, but the rating for today is low.  I know this establishment has only been open 2 days, but there were some major downfalls in today's experience.To start, the fish taco was awesome!  So were the side dishes.The shrimp taco was not so awesome.  In fact, I'm tempted to go get a bottle of Pepto just in case.  I'm pretty sure the shrimp was not cooked all the way through.I would have still given them 4 stars if the service was on top of things.  They were very friendly, and we beat the lunch-crowd rush, so it was not busy at all when we arrived.  My colleague ordered his bowl and they showed up with an extra burrito.  After explaining to the waiter that he did not order that, they said they would go "take care of it", but nobody returned with a refund or credit, and by the time we left, there were 20 people in line.  That was an expensive lunch for him.  I ordered the special with 2 fish tacos and asked for an additional shrimp taco.  I got one of each.  I was fine with it because the special comes with a heaping plate of beans and rice, but the guy at the counter even repeated the order to me.  He must have been having some malfunctions with his terminal.More positives include the nice job they did on the layout.  The previous Rockin' Baja Lobster layout was not very well thought through.  Now the bar area is completely separate from the restaurant.  Great for the lunch crowd to just pop in or to take the kids for dinner, without hearing the bar crowd or dealing with smoke.I expect to revise this review at a later visit.  For now....work out the processes Wahoos.  I'll be back.
5	Just as good as the Wahoo's in California, plus it has a bar! ;)  The food is excellent and the people are friendly.  What more could you want?  The manager took the time to chat with me about locations and to ask if I have eaten at a Wahoo's before.  This is the kind of service I know at the Wahoo's in Laguna, and I'm glad to see it here.  Welcome to Las Vegas, Wahoo's!!!
3	Pretty good food and fresh. People are super friendly. Decent prices also.
4	I always love going to Wahoo's in california so I'm really glad there's one here now. I love that they are veggie friendly and have really awesome tofu menu items! I especially love the tofu banzai wet burrito with green sauce. Yum.
3	Have you tried Wahoo's yet?  "Nope, I use Google."Funny name for a Mexican restaurant that doesn't want to be a Mexican restaurant. The building looks more like an Irish pub to me, and I understand that since they took an existing building to open the restaurant but what I don't understand is the decor. Is all about surfing and skate boarding and biking and all the kinds of clothing that goes with it like vans and Oakley and volkom etc. etc. I felt like I was at the mall food court. The food was decent, and prices are great. I really liked the enchiladas with beans and rice. the service was also very good and friendly. Didn't go to the bar area but they have a full bar service.Would I come back?  probably yes....... Next time I go surfing.
3	Wahoo's is pretty decent.  Their service is top notch but I feel their fish taco's can use a little more kick -- perhaps a little acidity and spice to the fish.Their mild green sauce is pretty good but I really enjoyed Mista Ree's sauce the best.  It tastes like the main ingredient is Korean hot chili paste.  The cajun and grilled fish is pretty mild, so I would smother the sauce all over the taco's.The taco platters are huge.  You get a big heaping serving of rice and black beans.  Seriously, you can probably share the meal with a friend.Their chicken tortilla soup was also very tasty - very homey with a little bit of heat.Overall, Wahoos serves fresh ingredients and huge portions of food for extremely reasonable prices.  I just think the taco's could use a little more to kick it up a notch.
4	Update after visit 2!Much much better!  Service was great.  Food was perfect.Glad to see the old Wahoo's reputation is back.
4	I was so glad to know that wahoos had come to town. As a former OC resident I don't have to make a trip to California to get my fix. I walked into the separate bar area and had a beer. The staff was friendly and quick to service your needs. I ordered some food and ended up meeting a friend there. We had a great time catching the end of the Thursday night football game on their nice new tvs. We would definitely be back for the service, cheap and tasty food, and food atmosphere
4	When I saw an ad that Wahoo's opened here, we had to try it immediately, because I fell in love with the salads over the summer during a trip to La Jolla. And I hear they will be opening another location soon in Boca Park.  The atmosphere at this Wahoo's is even better than the one I remember from California, although it was cold the night we dined there (doors were open). Large restaurant -- respectable list of beers, which I loved. And several truly healthy options on the menu, too. I happen to be addicted to the power chopper salad with spicy white beans and fish. We also ordered a Banzai Bowl. Check out the happy hour from 3 to 7. This place also has extensive options for vegetarians. And their beverage options are fantastic. I'm not a soda person so usually do water or beer with my salad at Wahoo's, but here, they have three kinds of iced tea - mango, tropical green, and plain. Sodas and sobe lean beverages. (Definitely buy the large cup so you can get 75 cent refills on your return trip)  They were SUPER accommodating to my special requests (brown rice on the side, dressing on the side)
3	i've always thought that it would be great for a wahoo's to open up in vegas.  they finally did!if your in the mood for some fish tacos, this is a nice spot.  they don't have the fried kind (which i prefer), but the fish they do have is a good as its a mild fish taste and meaty.  the other kinds of meats, like the beef and chicken, are good - but nothing out of the ordinary.  in my opinion, they could use a little bit more kick.  this is a good option if your eating healthy as you could substitute for brown rice.  brown rice and fish = a meal to not feel guilty about.the portions are really large and the prices are decent.  i love their white rice..its seasoned nicely. not a big fan of the white beans though.  i'll like to stick with the normal black.its brand new and clean so the ambience is great.  theres also a bar with happy hour and i think they even have some slots (only in vegas!).  its kind of hard to find since its not on the main road.  keep on the look out for it near rainbow and sunset.
4	On the request of a fellow co-worker we decided to check out this dig today. I grew up in M.V. In SoCal. Oh the days of basking in the sun surfing the "outside" and listening to rancid and suicidal tendencies down at San Clemente pier.. This brought me back with good tunes and good friends and great food... Reminded me how awesome life was prior to a life of responsibilities.. I'll be coming back
5	Their carnitas tacos and enchiladas are out of this world!!!  They are planning on having more than just tacos.  They will be adding pulled pork sandwiches soon!  Please give them a try.  This place used to be Rockin Baja Lobster, which was also a great place.  We don't want to lose another one.
5	If you're from coastal California you probably already know about Wahoos. But this is Vegas. Its about the only bar in town I've found with the front doors open and the laid back beach vibe you're used to. Its nice to be able to go to a Wahoos that you can actually park at and not have to stand behind some tanned up skinny jeans mofo straight from MTV's newest "The Real OC" show then have to battle for a table no bigger than a skateboard deck. $2 miller lights on the weekends and 24 hour Wahoos food. Plus plenty of TVs to watch sports on. The staff is extremely friendly and inviting as well.
3	Food was OK not bad at all but i was not impressed because they didn't have too many choices for fish i only saw one kind of fish. Even though the name says fish taco they had more of other stuff , carne asada, chicken and pork. And the fish that they did have didn't taste so good it was kind of dry for me. They had a decent carne asada burrito though. This is not a place i would get hooked on to and have a craving for but its a good place to try.
4	Let's start the new year off with some healthy eating!I have been waiting a long time for Wahoos Fish Taco to come to Las Vegas!  And it's finally here!  And it's a big step up from that place with the bell in the logo!Fresh, fast, and wholesome..Wahoos is a place every personal trainer can love!  The X-treme athletes and surfers dig it as well.  Pretty evident by all the cool skate, surf, and snowboarding stuff used to decorate the place.  It's a nice change of pace and a good place to hang out and grub with your friends after a long day of play.Wahoos is a nice mix of Mexican-American with an Asian flair (founders are some righteous Asian surfer dudes) with a great amount of good complex carbs and protein.  Everything is fresh and full of flavor with lots of items having low amounts of fat.  You got starters, tacos, enchiladas, burritos, bowls, and salads and sandwiches to soothe a hungry appetite.  The kids get their own menu too.My fav starters are the Maui Onion Rings (which coincidentally are fried and fatty yum) and the nachos with chicken.  The choice of fillings for your entrees are phenomenal:-Chicken - Grilled or Cajun-Carnitas -Fish - Grilled or Cajun-Carne Asada-Shrimp-Tofu-Mushrooms-Vegetarian-Banzai Veggies - bell peppers, onions, zucchini, broccoli, mushrooms, and cabbage all sauteed with their house teriyaki sauceMy go to is usually one of their combo plates, combo #4 to be exact "The Kahuna".  It has your choice of one taco, one burrito or enchilada.  Each combo comes with white or brown rice (for a little more), and black or cajun beans.  My #1 filling is their grilled fish, it goes excellent on their tacos!  I like the fish or chicken on my burrito, and I often add some Banzai Veggies to it.  It's a full meal!Wahoos is good on the wallet too, items on the menu go from the $5-8 range.  Gettin' full on a tiny budget, that's what it's all about!  Service is fast and friendly too.  This Wahoos is also fully equipped with a bar!  Wanna hang out with your friends and get some primo drinks and eats?  Do it all here in one place!  Sure beats some of the local dives around town here.  You'll be glad to know too that Wahoos will be opening another location here in the Summerlin area of town real soon...right in Boca Park!  All I need now is some sand beneath my feet, a pair of bright floral surf shorts, my Blu Blocker sunglasses, some SPF on my nose, and a shave ice in my hand.  I could deal without the 110 degree heat though!  Totally gnarly, dude!!
5	I couldn't wait to try their fish tacos here! When I got to the counter I was disappointed because they don't do fried fish tacos. I was bummed but I decided to try the Cajun fish taco, with a beef taco just in case I didn't like the fish. The fish taco was delicious especially when it's served with the Wahoo's Green sauce. The green sauce is a sour cream base with I think Cilantro? I could be wrong but it is so good! The beef taco was tasty. You also get a choice of either white rice or brown rice with your combo. I liked the white rice because they put some type of fresh salsa on the top. It reminds me of what my mom puts on top of white rice tomatoes, onions a little fish sauce. Don't worry this topping doesn't have fish sauce in it. My combo was $6.50. It also comes with black beans or Cajun white beans but I passed on that. I also had the Chicken Tortilla Soup for $3.89 it was big bowl for that price. It was light , not salty and soothing after a crazy day at the airport. The decor reminded me of the surfer/skater kids I used to go to school with in junior high. I think the way Wahoo chose to decorate their space is much more tasteful than Chronic Tacos. There is no graffiti here just random stickers. It was also cool how the bar is glass enclosed in the middle of the restaurant. I can't wait till the one in Boca Park opens!
5	If you're coming for lunch you need to be here between 11-1130 or you'll be waiting in line. Every time I've come here I try something different and every time I leave satisfied and happy. Great portions and my bills have all been under $10. The owner is always walking around and chatting it up. Good business practice. Food= goodService= greatPrice= awesomeThe sauces are really great too!
2	I was excited to see a Wahoo's open in Vegas as I have been to a couple in California.  After ordering and finding a seat, I examined the receipt and noticed that I was overcharged.  I brought the error to the attention of the cashier who seemed a bit confused.  She brought over a bartender who was friendly and said he would take care of it.  Soon after, the food arrived and it was just ok.  After eating, I waited and waited, but nobody came over.  In fact, while delivering food to another table, she seemed to avoid looking in my direction.  I eventually had to go back over to her and ask if someone was going to take care of refunding my money.  She said she would find someone.  Finally, some other guy came out of the back and took care of it.  In the end, I did get my money back, but I am annoyed that I had to ask again for my refund.  It is an uncomfortable situation and someone should have taken care of it the first time.
5	SO happy this opened! I moved here from orange county so going here reminded me of home. Carne Asada Nacos and shrimp tacos are so yummy! Also they are open 24 hours, full bar and slots! The only thing is the location is kinda wired but will probally get better when more things get built over there.
2	The Skinny: supposedly healthy Mexican fusion with very little flavour (2) counter service is efficient but nothing special, where the hell is the salsa bar? (2) value: $6.50 for a huge tasteless plate of white rice and beans with little protein and veg? that's a little pricey (2).We've been waiting forever for the Wahoos to open at the Boca location. However we spotted the large sign on the 215 stating that there was one just off Rainbow. Ecstatic, my hubby brought us in to taste their fusion healthy take on Mexican classics.This particular restaurant is outfitted to serve as both a bar and a restaurant. If you are adverse to cigarette smoke, stay away from the booths closest to the bar area. Even though there is a wall separating the two areas, the smell of smoke does waft through the open door to the bar into the eating area. You have been warned!Ordering is a breeze really. Pick your filling (Chicken, pork, shrimp, beef, fish, mushrooms, tofu, veggies) then decide whether your want it in a taco, enchilada or burrito style. If you don't feel like doing it Mexican style, you can also order in a bowl over rice. Or you can just get a salad, soup or your standard sides (quesadillas, chips and salsa, nachos, etc.) Combination plates come with rice and beans instead of your standard chips.Well, feeling a little hungrier than usual, I opted for their standard combination plate ($6.50) - two carnitas tacos with white rice and black beans. The hubs tried two different styled fish tacos and tried their white beans instead.I would like to say that the combination plates aren't that healthy. Even though they might be low in fat, you can't tell me a massive plate of white rice with very little vegetables (what was on top of the tacos) is healthy. Filling, yes. Healthy, not so much. It may be healthier if they offered a salad option instead of beans and rice.Okay, enough of my rant on nutrition and on to the food.I have to say for the above mentioned carnitas and fish tacos (grilled in two different styles) were rather lacking in flavour. I actually used the salt shaker on the table. Here's the thing - I never use salt at the table (you can ask my husband). The pico de gallo served on top of the tacos used rather mealy overripe tomatoes which lead to an unpleasant texture. As well, I don't think they really dried off the cabbage/lettuce very well because the tortillas were sopping wet.The beans were okay but nothing spectacular. I think the white cajun beans had more seasoning and hence, tasted better than the black beans. The rice was standard issue, nothing that exciting.I was also disappointed to the lack of a salsa bar. As a Mexican fusion place, you gotta at least have some sort of salsa and limes around. Nope. The closest thing was the stack of lemons for your iced tea by the soda fountain. Lame.Overall, given the lackluster flavours, the soggy textures and the lack of a salsa bar, I feel no overwhelming urge to have a repeat experience. Although relatively inexpensive, the food just isn't that good and holds no value in my books. A 2 starred review.
5	A friend recommended this place to me and my guy pal so we decided to stop in one random afternoon.  Coming in, the place reminded me of a ski lodge.  There were booths set up everywhere and longboards, snowboards, stickers, and posters of all kinds of extreme sports tacked down.  The menu gives you a lot of options. You can have chicken, fish or tofu burritos, tacos, or all kinds of plates.  Jonathon at the register was extremely friendly and recommended the enchiladas. You basically order once you come in, they give you a number and then you sit and watch the awesome projector showing extreme sports clips of guys eating it and doing gnarly tricks. Apart from the restaurant is the bar, which is in a separate room that you can see through the huge glass window from the restaurant. What I love the most about this place is it is opened 24/7 with food and drinks.  Oh yeah!  As for the food, my enchilada was tasty and my shrimp tacos was ehh. My guy pal got the bonsai plate with Cajan fish that was oh so very good.  I was pretty jealous.  Otherwise, this is another great place to grab a late night dinner or another place to sober after a night of partying.
4	Wahoo!  They have a location in Vegas!!  I used to be a regular in various locations around SoCal... so when a friend mentioned this place recently opening up... I had to pay this place a visit.  Unfortunately it's location is a bit obscure... you wouldn't really run into it randomly unless you live in the area.  Google it and try it out.I like the fish tacos and the maui bowl... but mix it up and find your favorites, there's plenty to choose from.  If you can't decide, let the bartender or server order for you :)  They've got video poker machines at the bar as well as Thirsty Thursdays! (1/2 off draft beers...Sam Adams please.  Always a good choice...)
4	I've never been to a Wahoos before, so I didn't know what to expect. When you walk in, it's definitely has a California/Hawaiian vibe with pictures of people snowboarding, surfing, biking, etc. It's one of those places where you go up to the cashier and order, then wait at a table for your food. We were probably staring at the menu for about 5 minutes before ordering because we were a little confused at first. I kind of thought they'd just have something that said FISH TACOS, but they didn't because you pick what filling you want (chicken breast, carnitas, fish, carne asada, shrimp, tofu mushrooms, Banzai veggies). They have starters, tacos, enchiladas, combo plates, bowls, burritos, salads, sandwiches, sides, desserts, and a pretty nice drink list. In fact, one of the first things I noticed was their daily drink specials. On Wednesdays, women get a complimentary Mimosa with any purchase, so of course I brought that to their attention when we ordered our two combo plates (2 taco plate and burrito plate). On the way to our table, we stopped to get a fountain drink and noticed they actually had a pretty decent selection of freshly brewed iced tea (Mango, Tropical Green, and Natural Black). Our food came our pretty fast and the first thing we noticed was that the plates came with a LOT of rice. Now that I think of it, this place IS suppose to have a Mexican/Brazilian/Asian menu and I can see they executed that with the rice, tofu, tacos, enchiladas, etc. I had one grilled fish taco and one Cajun fish taco. Both had a lot of cabbage and salsa, which made them very fat. I really enjoyed the grilled one. The Cajun taco was a little over seasoned for my taste though. I hardly touched my rice because it seemed a little flavorless to me, so I stuck to the black beans. This was the first time I've ever preferred brown rice over white rice because it had more flavor (I tried some of Don's).Overall, this is a great place for lunch or even some very late munchies since they're open 24 hours! They also have A LOT of drink specials, which is always a plus.Tips:-Join their player's club-You should try their Banana margarita and tell me how it tastes-Don't just stick to fish tacos because it's in their name. They have lots of other tasty looking menu items-Happy hour daily 3-7pm: 1/2 off draft beer, house wines, well drinksDrink menu/Specials (You get links because it's too much to type):http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/3RJy0RiP82cpc4dUPmlV9w/l.jpghttp://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/ghhyIIRkbPgwBmdQXfYkCQ/l.jpghttp://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Ow-cjc0t88hRimk7IDNXpA/l.jpghttp://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/QPMkvZ6RHuiQEPFBMxyygA/l.jpghttp://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/1VYWQUj4bn-yWMu4-5WX2A/l.jpg-$5 oak and Coke
5	YES! I been going to Wahoos in SO CAL for over 15 years. When I moved to Vegas I really started missing Wahoos. NO MORE! Wahoos is in Vegas as of Oct 2011. The food is just as great as SO CAL. Service is excellent. Go see Nikki in the bar. Very friendly.  But what is better about  the Vegas location is a 24/7 full menu and bar.  That's right...coming in on a red-eye to Vegas? Hop on over to Wahoos at 3:00am for a fix. About 15 min drive from the Airport.  215W @ Rainbow. Just North of  215 @ Sunset. I'm coming back tomorrow...LOL
2	Overrated food served by friendly staff in a spacious and not too crowded location.Read that fish tacos was the main attraction, which comes in grilled or Cajun format.  It is healthier, as there are a lot of veggies, but it is dry and relatively bland in taste.The enchilada (also ordered with Cajun fish) is better, mostly attributed to the homemade spicy verde sauce.The Wahoo's Salad looks great and the portion is large. Sadly, looking good is not the same as tasting good.Anyway, glad I came and gave it a try but I have no urge to return for an encore.Parking: 5/5. Plenty of spaces.Food:  2/5.  Costco's frozen section probably has better tacos.Price:  3/5.  $2.55 for a soft taco or enchilada is not bad, but better spent at a local taco stand.Service:  4/5.  Friendly, especially towards the ladies. Food is the main reason for going to restaurants, so Wahoo's may scored high in other attributes, but it was not good enough to earn a repeat visit or recommendation.  Sorry.
2	I don't think this location can handle a lunch crowd. It took 25 mins (on my 1 hr lunch) to get my food. Service is very slow.
2	Fish tacos were lackluster at best... Baja Rolls were eh..
3	This is an okay eating establishment.. Maybe great depending on what it is you're looking for in Mexican food.I gave them stars for having a really nice location, full bar, and friendly staff..It's not actually the business I have an issue with.. just the food.It's okay..I ordered a chicken quesadilla with mushrooms.. it was super greasy.. not sure why, but I mean.. really greasy.Not to say that it wasn't still very tasty.. just didn't feel very good after.Another thing that bothered me is the lack of a salsa bar.. I had to buy a cup of each just to sample them and find which one I liked the best.. which leads me to my main point of a 3 star review..  THEY DON'T HAVE ANY PARTICULARLY DELICIOUS SALSAS!Here's my rankings for salsa:On the BorderBaja Fresh (Salsa Molcajete)Chili'sRubio's (Mild)-----Little piece of advice Wahoo's:Mexican food customers come back over and over again because they love your chips and salsa!Give it some work and let me know, I'd love to bump this to a 5-star review with a good fire-roasted salsa and a quesadilla that doesn't slide through my fingers when I go to pick it up.
2	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (32 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!I'm sorry fellow Yelpers, but I was hugely disappointed.  After reading everyones reviews I was excited when I finally had the chance to try this place.  I was so hungry but not even that gave me a reason to rave about the taste and quality of the food.I ordered the combination plate with a grilled fish taco, and a carne asada enchilada.  My plate came with black beans and white rice (even though I specifically asked for brown).  Everything on my plate was bland except for the mild green salsa which I'll have to say was the only good part of my meal.  I had to dip everything into this salsa to get a good taste out of anything on my plate.  The grilled fish taco had no taste at a;;!  The fish was a thick piece, and because it was o thick, it's bland taste took over the entire taco.  It was dry, and disappointing.  The carne asada enchilada I had was mediocre because the meat inside was chewy and in addition, difficult to chew down and swallow!  I was questioning how old the beef is or if they cooked it too long.  I like my beef to be tender!I was really upset that my experience turned out the way that it did.  I guess I'm used to the authenticity of some other mexican food joints.  But even the american infused ones such as Rubios taste way better than the food here.I do give it a couple stars for the bar they hav in there w/ video poker and TVs to watch your favorite sports.  They also have daily drink specials which is pretty cool too.
4	I really love the food here... during the day. If you come past 1am (which I have quite a few times already) the food is just leftovers from the day heated up. The bartending staff is really good, though.
4	Food is simple, but reasonably priced and solid. Wahoo bowl is my personal favorite, though large portions of hot sauce are recommended. Service is always friendly, and the bar is generally well attended with much better service than you would expect from an out of state chain. Definately a good happy hour option if you work/live in the area. $2 Pacificos!
2	I aate here once before and found it so-so, but was in the area and thought I'd give it a 2nd try. This time I ordered a  Bonzai Burrito w/chicken and brown rice & black beans to go. Waited for about 10 minutes for it to be made.When I got to my destination several miles away I bit into the burrito and it was a carnitas, basic burrito without rice or beans. I called to complain & let the manager know. He apologized and offered to have me come back again and he'll comp the food, but that didn't make up for how disappointed and unsatisfied I was. I think the staff needs to work harder at making sure the order is right before it gets in the customer's hands. In addition, since I was really hungry and didn't have any time to go get something else, I ate the burrito and it wasn't very good. Not sure I'll ever go back.
4	This place reminds me so much of places I would find down in Redondo Beach CA. Its a kitchy cool surfer/beach lifestyle atmosphere along with a great selection of food at reasonable prices. What impressed me the most was the huge choice of fillings for their burritos, tacos and such.  Also if you are looking for healthier fare, there are several choices on the menu that will not bust your diet. I have been there twice and both times it has been pleasant, with my food arriving fairly quickly. In addition, they have a great selection of Ice Tea to drink and provide huge water cups when you don't want to order a drink.
2	Wahoos would be a good spot for cheap drinks and socializing but do not come for the food.  It is very dissapointing.  The chips, salsa and guac were A-OK.  Everything else - MEH.The prices are reasonable, especially for alcohol.  On this particular day, wine was 1/2 off so you could get a glass for $2.50.  Pacificos were $1-$2.  I ordered the Baja-ladas (essentially a spin on enchiladas).  When I think of enchiladas, I salivate in anticipation for something piping hot with molten cheese and flavorful sauce.  I got a cold chicken wrap topped with luke warm sauce, filled with raw spinach.  Big boo.  Literally, the inside was cold, and raw.  Not good.  The rice and beans lacked pizazz as well.  All in all, a dissapointment.  Hubby got fish tacos.  They were OK at best.  Certainly nothing to name a restaurant after.  The service was very nice and friendly; alas, we won't return.
2	What the hell?Wahoo's famous fish taco is really a dry, flavorless lump of crusty fishfunk.  I would have gotten more satisfaction staying home and eating nasty mincemeat fish sticks!If you want a real fish taco, go to Rubio's!Edit:  The manager of this location, Victor, sent me a private message asking me to return and give this location another shot.  I have added a star because I appreciate managers who are communicative.  MAYBE, just maybe, I'd give this place another shot if I happened to be in the area (which is far from home).  However, my review stands as written for the time being.
5	The food was great and the prices are awesome! The girl who took our order and brought the food to our table was very accommodating and checked in regularly to make sure we were ok. This is the type of restaurant where you order at the counter and serve yourselves beverages, so the way she " waited" on our table was above and beyond. The place has a fun, clean vibe. I will def go back again, to game and eat~
2	I was excited to hear a Wahoo 's had opened. In Las Vegas!  I ordered a combo plate with chicken enchilada, fish taco, brown rice and black beans.  The enchilada would have been good, had it been hot, but the cheese was barely melted. The taco was nothing but a big lump of fish.  It was not seasoned and bland.  I would have liked it to have been cut in small pieces with seasoning.  Best part was the black beans.. I will possibly try it one more time, but will skip Wahoo's if it is not better.
2	My boyfriend is from Huntington Beach, CA and he was raving about Wahoo's for a while.  We finally decided to try it and i was surprised at how BAD it was.  I will admit, i am a bit of a snob when it comes to food (not price-wise, but taste-wise), but this was really really disappointing.  We ordered two combo platters -- one fish tacos and one burrito platter to go.  Upon arriving home we discovered that there was no burrito and they gave us two taco platters instead....oh well....$1.50 price difference wasnt worth the drive back.  Tacos were tasteless, fish was dry and not seasoned, even salsa was bland.  White rice was OK, but then you have to really try to mess that up.  I dont think that i will be eating here again.  Tacos Mexico on Trop. blows this place out of the water and they use fish sticks!!!!!
4	It's been awhile since I've eaten at a Wahoo's location.  I grew up in San Diego therefore it was one of those places you go to when you where near the beach area.  I love love love their rice... however, this time around I went for the brown rice as I'm trying to "change" the way I eat. The brown rice was typically nutty and typically dry.  I think next time I will stick to the regular at least at this establishment. The food here was good. Atmosphere awesome, especially with the littles and most of all it's close to home!  Healthy Mexican food at it's best is the best way I can describe it.
1	Been wanting to try this for a while since I love it so much in Cali.  Yuck!! I won't be going back.  I usaually get the salad with carne asada. Well, the lettuce was wilted, the steak was tough not tender like in Cali.  My daughter got quesedilla with fries and I would say the fries were the best thing but is that what they're known for???  They came to ask how was everything?  I showed them the wilted lettuce...the waitress  said oh...I'll tell the manager...and we waited...nothing happened.  The manager didn't come out to say anything or may be she didn't even mention it.  Either way it was bad food here, won't be going back...so disappointed:(
1	It's been awhile Yelp. I haven't written a review for ages, but I was so compelled to write a review following my recent visit to the newly opened Wahoo's in town. Now, I've been to the original Wahoos franchise in San Diego for the first time last year and had an excellent experience. The food was excellent and the service was top notch. Before I dive into the service aspect about this particular Vegas location, I'll touch on the food a bit. Simply put, nowhere near the same. The quality of the food is average at best and the prices are a bit higher. The first time I went I was excited, a bit disappointing, but I was willing to go there again if I happened to be in the area. And so this particular night, I was.First and foremost, I'd like to consider myself a pretty patient and tolerable person. If a server takes awhile to refill drinks and/or doesn't seem to be "trying" to cater to my very modest needs, I almost always shrug it off. But this particular night I was left beyond speechless. Me and a group of 5 or 6 walked into Wahoos looking to simply grab a bite to eat after a long night of drinking. The place was relatively empty, there was maybe one or two other people there. Right upon entering, a friend of mine immediately greeted the bartender with "How are ya tonight sir?". The bartender responded with "Don't call me sir" without a smile. We shrugged it off, sat down, an ordered promptly. Since most of us were only looking to eat, we asked if we could put in our food orders. He literally rejected our request and sternly stated that he would only take drink orders, and aggressively and rudely tried to convince each and every one of us to drink. After finally accepting our food orders, it took 10 minutes to get water. Another 5 to receive drinks. Most of our friends never even got theirs. When we asked about them, he spoke to us in a dumbfounded, i can do no wrong manner. The wait for our food to arrive was average, and I was understanding because it was past 3AM and they probably only had one cook. But I reasoned that it was slow, and most of us had simply ordered taco plates. But then the food started trickling out of the kitchen one by one, each dish coming out 5 minutes apart. Not only did he forget who had what., but every single order was painfully incorrect. Every. Single. Order. We had simple, unmodified orders. Watching your friends eat one by one is extremely unacceptable. I've been in the foodservice industry, it's an industry standard to send food out together. One of my friends, the last to have not received his food, inquired about the status of his order. The bartender asked what he had ordered, smiled and said it was coming soon. We then watched him walk over and punch in my friends order, 45 minutes after he had initially ordered it, After that we all had enough and a few of my friends walked out the door. I have NEVER in my life have walked out on a tab, but when we started complaining he at least agreed to comp our bill, even though I told him I had no problem paying , because I knew I was never coming back. But while we were trying to figure out why everything went so wrong, he simply shrugged.I usually love to write reviews because I love spreading the word about great businesses and good eats, but this was the first time I came here, compelled to keep other people away from this place.Matt, I'm sorry "sir" but you fucked up big time.
4	In reference to Andrew L's review, Matt (the terrible bar tender he spoke of) is not longer employed there!  Thank goodness!  I'm sorry Andrew that he was the one who had served you.  I promise you, all the other bar tenders are amazing.  They're all very genuinely friendly!My boyfriend and I have been going to Wahoo's for a few months.  I love the fact that it's literally across the street from us and we can walk there and back.  The bartenders that work at nights are very sweet.  (We've only been there during the day time to order food, so we haven't met the morning shift bartenders, but I wouldn't be surprised if they were just as nice.)  They do take drink AND food orders.  They actually always offer a food menu or ask if you're hungry.  AND they check up on you to make sure the Food is up to par after the food has arrived.Most of their food is healthy and all their foods have tons of spice.  One of my favorite dishes is the Wet Burrito. I always get that with cajun/blackened chicken and I ask for them to do half red and half green sauce on top--it makes it look pretty too ;)  Their Fish Taco is a must have.  They're healthy so they won't have the McDonald's or KFC grease taste, which I know can be delicious if you like the unhealthy flavors... I can't hate cuz I crave those too time to time!  They can seem to be a bit dry, but they have the sauces to drizzle of the tacos.  The Wahoo's Fries, which is obviously not so healthy, are a must have too.  I wish other places would make their nacho's the way Wahoo's make their fries; it's totally loaded!  You can always ask for their green cilantro sauce with any of your dishes... yummmm!  That reminds me, one time, one of the bartenders put the green cilantro sauce along the walls of the cup and poured in the drink so every sip of bloody mary had a hint of cilantro.  It was DELICIOUS!  That's another must have if you like bloody mary and cilantro!Anyways, you gotta go and experience Wahoo's.  I'm going to be very sad when we move away from the area :(For those who want to see what they have to offer for food, here's a link to their menu:http://wahoos.com/menu.phpAnd here's the nutritional info page:http://wahoos.com/admin/uploads/pdfs/menu/nutritional-info.pdf
5	Everything is always great service, food, and atmosphere. My only complaint is I came back from vacation and my bartender Matt is not longer here. I won't be back as often now that he is gone.
4	I love Wahoos! I agree with some others folks that this Vegas location does not make as good fish tacos as the California franchise. But I love Wahoos so much I don't even care. I went to a hi-end mexican place recently and ALL I can think of is I want to be in Wahoos. Their food is cheaper and their Lees Chili Sauce is one of the best chili sauce in the world! I can eat anything with that sauce. The servers always remember us and will bring extra when we visit. We always get great service at Wahoos, Vegas or Cali.So I keep going back for more... I gave it 4 stars because sometimes their rice is a bit dry.
4	I've been a Wahoo's regular for years. I used to go to the one in West LA at least once a week. About 10 years ago, they opened a location on the strip in the Hawaiian marketplace. Unfortunately, it went bust after only a few months. Luckily, there's a new Wahoo's in town and now I can get my Wahoo's fix. My go-to meal is the Maui bowl - marinated steak with seasoned rice and beans. This particular Wahoo's has gotten it right (tender steak, slightly rare) and gotten it all wrong (beef jerky on rice, anyone?). Your mileage may vary.There's a special late night menu at the bar, along with a discount if you're in the hospitality industry. Hey, it sure as hell beats Del Taco at 3 am.
4	Finally a Wahoos in Vegas!This location is the same as all the others.Consistantly good healthy food at a reasonable price. So nice to beable to NOT eat on the strip while passing though town.This location is HUGE and the first that I have been to that has a full bar (slots too...well it IS Vegas)Only bummer is they don't have "beer of the month" at this location but no biggy.
1	I had a Cajun fish taco, white rice, and Cajun beans. This was the most bland fish taco I have ever had. Stick to Rubio's.
5	I miss many things about my former life in Los Angeles. Wahoo's is one of them. Very glad to see that there is a location near my home.This location is quite good. Clean, for the most part. I don't suggest walking into the bar section if you have asthma or sensitivity to cigarette smoke. It's a bit strong, but the restaurant side makes up for it. They also have beer.I typically will get fish tacos, but the nice thing about this place is that there is something for everyone, particularly if you have friends who don't eat meat. Get the black beans and brown rice if you want to be healthier-ish.Also, they have a fantastic happy hour!I can't wait to come back!
5	Best salsa around, and they're not stingy with it either. The other food I've had was excellent as well. Bartenders Ginny and Candi really make it fun place.
4	Flavorful and healthy food served by a nice wait staff. Great lunch fare. No sleeping at your desk a few hours later from the sugar drop.
2	I am from the Southern California area. I used to eat at Wahoo's ALL the time when I was there. I grew up next to the original location in Costa Mesa.I was really excited to see one open right down the street from where I live - Rainbow/215.The format is different here in Vegas. It's 24hrs and it's a gaming bar as well. I work in the industry, so I stop there about 11:30 pm (after work) for a beer and the famous fish tacos :)They are going to have to step up their game if I'm going to keep coming, because the service is lousy and getting worse. They are distracted with no sense of urgency and no focus on serving ... Simply put, I am one of the easiest people on earth to serve, and consistently one of the MOST generous patrons where ever I go. No one in this town at that level seems to give a shit about serving anyone but their friends ... I'm way more generous than they are ...JP
4	The fish tacos are always on point. The service is always good. Surfer/Skater vibe with all the the posters on the wall. If you're looking for fresh, quality, and tasty SoCal inspired grub... swing by here and you'll be happy you did. :)
4	It's a late dinner for us, not really heading to any place in particular, came across Wahoo's and  decided to try it.  When we walked in, the place was deserted, thought there must be something going on, but it certainly wasn't here.At first it was a little confusing, trying to figure out the menu, but my husband and I finally ordred and went and sat down. You can choose your own meat, style of taco and sides.  There is a kids menu and there is a bar located around the back of the dinning area, that we discovered after hitting the head.  (found out that's where all the people are).   I was busy reading all of the graffiti and stickers plastered all over the place.  I got the Kahuna Grande, that's a taco, and three taquito's, black beans and seasoned rice.  (you can choose differently if you don't want what I got).  The food was fresh, the rice was seasoned very well.  I got guacamole and sour cream on the side, and that made the taquito's.
5	For the fist time visiting we definitely will return. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar.  Good happy hour specials. We ate Wahoo fries ( everyone should try those ) Maui bowl (steak) and Cajun chicken burrito. The meat was seasoned very well and cooked just right. Ginny the bar tender was fabulous. Overall a wonderful experience and a new spot to go to and love that its family friendly.
2	Meh. The fish taquitos weren't very tasty and the rice and beans were OK. The food wasn't very tasty but the restaurant was very clean and the staff was superb.
4	Their food selection is decent, beer selection is spectacular.  I have to be in the mood for their meals, but the bar atmosphere is what gives them 4 Stars for me.
4	This is a bitter sweet restaurant to me.  I always go here when I am feeling health conscious.  The fish is grilled instead of fried, the food is not very oily.  I love that.  On that same note, the food lacks a punch.  I think because it is prepared on the healthier side, the food lacks flavor.  I wish the fish had more spices, I hate having to compensate for it with their homemade hot sauce, it's so spicy!!  I end up mainly tasting the hot sauce instead of my food, I have made this mistake several times!But I still give it four.  The portions are big, and the food can be prepared clean and healthy, everyone is really nice, the restaurant is fun and high energy.Random thought:  I secretly wish the veggies could be added to the burrito without teriyaki sauce.  Never been a fan of the teriyaki.  Since we're going healthy here, we might as well go all the way and go no sauce!!
5	So happy to be a regular customer to Wahoo's again. Loved them in Orange County and I love them even more here in Las Vegas. Food is always fresh. I love that the fish is grilled and you get large pieces of fish instead of that fried beer batter crap like rubios. If you want to add some amazing flavor ASK FOR MR. LEE'S SAUCE!!!!Every time we go in we are treated like family, Virginia and Candy are amazing behind the bar! Great beers on tap, Full bar....Gaming...cant ask for more!Favorite Items: Fish tacos & Wahoo Fries
3	The atmosphere of this restaurant is pretty neat.  Customer service is great.  You order up front and they bring your food to your table.  However, I expected a lot more out of the tacos.  I ordered a chicken taco and a shrimp taco.  Out of the two, the shrimp one was better... but there was nothing absolutely amazing about it.
3	The fish tacos are okay.   The fish is a little dry, but it's masked by the condiments on top of the fish tacos.  I have to say that overall, it's better than Taco Bell for sure, but I think I'm more fond of the fish tacos from Bone Fish Grill.The Kahuna Platter definitely is a large helping as far as lunch goes.  It's pretty good for lunch but I have to say that from a fish taco perspective, it doesn't quite hit the spot.
1	I have been to Wahoos twice, first time it was during lunch ..food and service was OK.  A few weeks ago ( Thursday night) we returned after midnight to go have a drink with friends since we live close by. The place was empty maybe about 5 people scattered around the bar. We came into the bar area just my wife and I to wait for our friends... The bartender at the moment was talking to one of her customers so we sat patiently to wait for her to get to us.. ( by this time she had seen us and turn back to talk to her customer friend and not even acknowledge that we were there, not even the smallest gesture she could ever made to make sure we knew that  she knew that we were waiting)... but still sat patiently and waited .. now I work in the industry and after 3 minutes of waiting and hearing their loud conversation from across the bar I think that will piss off any customer since you don't even have the smallest delicacy to go and say " Hi , how are you guys doing? Ill be right back " that would have sufficed instead of ignoring us and keep your ladies night talk which every other customer ( 5 people maybe) are  hearing  you , my wife said lets just get up and go just to prove a point so we did!... I was reading the reviews about this place and I don't ever yelp but maybe they do have a bit of a problem with customer service and i would just like the owners to be aware of it .
4	I love Wahoos. I am originally from Orange County so I grew up eating these every time I was near the ocean. So last year when I saw this was open, I was ecstatic to see one here in Las Vegas! I've come a few times and I enjoy the tastes of the fish tacos and the banzai bowl. For people that complain that the fish doesnt taste fresh or it seems like it was frozen, shut up. We live in Las Vegas not Seattle, so take what you can get with fish. I recommend Wahoos to anyone that likes Fish tacos or vegitarian meals.
5	I practically lived here during my lunch breaks from work. The Bonzai burrito is the best burrito I have ever had. We need a Wahoos to come to the East Side.
5	I am from Southern California and this is as good as it gets. I can't tell you how excited I am that they ventured into the Nevada market. The menu is amazing and they are great at catering to your dietary needs. I am so glad to have a reasonably priced, delicious restaurant close by!
2	I couldn't agree more with some of the reviews I've seen on here. This is not the Wahoo's you grew up with in Cali. The fish is very dry and the green sauce stuff they serve is like some gross watery sour cream and herb combo. I've been here a few times for drinks and there is a particular bartender that's horrible. (Sorry, I don't remember her name!) When watching a fight in a mostly empty bar she came on shift and turned down the volume on the television and then changed the channel to some reality show. I asked for it back on and was ignored.  I've also been here on at least two other nights where her service was lacking because she was too busy chatting up a customer to serve us or even bring us the bill to get paid. I finally had to tell her we were walking out without paying to get her to do her job.Avoid this location unless you want a mediocre fish taco with crappy service.
5	Wahoooooooooo's!!!!  I love, love, love that they have vegetarian everything---veggie taco's, burritos, enchiladas AND options:  Tofu, bonzai veggies, or mushrooms to base whichever delight you desire.  YAY!!Also, the bar staff always greets us with smiles, stories, and more than happy to handle all of my questions and special requests.  LOVE it!One thing I would change; they don't have any super-hot sauce.
5	I am a HUGE Wahoo's fan. Great food, low prices, great for a quick lunch. My colleagues and I love lunch outings at Wahoo's!
3	This place is pretty good, which for some reason surprised me. The best part is the wide selection and ways in which you can tweak your meal. To me that makes it an improvement over other similar chains. I was impressed by the price for the amount of food. It's rare that I can't finish a $7 lunch. The quality of the food was sort of what I would have expected. Certainly wasn't planning on receiving gourmet fare, but I was hoping for slightly higher quality. Regardless, for a quick healthy lunch, this is a good option for a great price.
3	This location is pretty close to my job. It's a very common choice for power lunches and spontaneous happy hours. When the place first opened up, the food was awesome (pretty common) but now.... meh. I mean it's not bad but as my dad would say - It's nothing to write home about.I love their secret bar menu (it's not really that secret - you just have to ask for it) I used to order the burning roll each and every time I stopped by but nowadays - it's not as tasty as it used to be. I heard great things about their tortilla soup but when I finally ordered it --- it was just a bowl of veggies, a little broth with 3 pieces of tortilla chips and like - maybe 3 pieces of chicken??? Meh.No matter what time of day I'm here, I always order at the bar. The speed of service is pretty darn good. I almost never have to wait more than 5 - minutes for my food - which is AWESOME if you're trying to get a good lunch hour in.Happy hour on fridays is always packed. The bar area isn't very big so when it's crowded it's - C R O W D E D.So my final words are this, if you looking for something healthy and fast and you're in the area, then try it out. The food isn't life-changing but it's decent.
2	I've read numerous reviews this Nevada Wahoos is not what you'd get in California. I don't know about that. I've never had Wahoos in California before, but all I can say is that place is sub-par. The ambiance is basically totally generic. There are lots of snowboarding and skate stickers pasted all over the place. I'm not sure what that means. Do snowboarders and skaters know what really good Mexican food is? Is that supposed to sway me or be cool? I've frequented really dumpy skater restaurants/bars before, but they were much worse, but in a good way (which gets points in my book because they're actually good). I've frequented really dumpy Mexican restaurants before and they were ALL good.I usually give a place two chances (unless I love it) before I dump on it, but this place is pretty mediocre. You basically order at a fast food window, sit down at a table, then a guy brings the food out to you. Which he did. The first time my friend ordered a burrito and told them no cheese (like four times - he hates cheese because he's an idiot in my opinion - but he hates cheese). I ordered basically the same thing with cheese with sour cream. They never game me my sour cream and gave my friend cheese on his burrito. When i bit into my burrito, like 4 ounces of mystery liquid came out of it. Gross. The second time I came to this place a friend of mine bit into a chicken taco and was about to throw up. I'm not sure it was the food though. It's pretty bad, but not enough to throw up. He's probably just a drama queen. My second time I ordered a burrito without any vegetables and it was just okay. Nothing I'd come back for.In my opinion, if you're really lazy and want to eat something good there are like a hundred other places down the street. However, the bar looked decent and probably had some NCAA basketball games going. That's about it.
4	As a gal originally from Southern California I was in the mood for some Wahoo's. Thank God some have been sprouting up in Las Vegas! When I first started coming ro this Wahoo's my car or the girl of my girlfriend was one of only a few in the lot. Now the lot is ALWAYS packed. The service is super speedy and they remeber our orders now. They have an awesome happy hour. I wish it wasn't so far out in the boonies.
5	Food is great and love the whole theme of this place!!
4	The pork is awesome.
3	5 STARS for their great food, great service and professionalism of each employee and the beach blonde, board short wearin', slipper floppin' owner who was very attentive to his consumers, but..Being that I am a part-time beach bum, I love Wahoos.. In Cali.  Their healthier portions go hand in hand with fresh air, salty beach water and sand between your toes.  But to have a Wahoos in Vegas!?  In the freakin' 125 degree desert where the lifestyle is chicken wings and beer at 3 o'clock in the morn just doesn't fly.  The venue surrounds its customers with surf boards, wake boards, skate boards and snow boards.. And then I walk out and i'm still in the epicenter of bone dry desert heat.  Wahoos is just playin' tricks on me.  Also, the building is just way.. too.. big.. with a back bar included.  Vegas already has Hooter's, Friday's and every dive bar known to mankind within a miles radius to take care of our alcoholism.  My suggestion?  If you are going to serve healthy and fresh, take away the bar.  Also, shrink the place down just a tad and make it more convenient like a Subways or Chipotle and smack your piece of Real Estate next some gym or inside a food court.  I don't know.. Just my 2 cents.
1	Don't understand all of the hype! The employee in front was not friendly at all, they forgot about our appetizer (even though he obviously rang it in cuz we were charged for it) so we didn't get it until after our meal, and the tacos were just okay and the nachos sucked! I thought I'd give this place a second try until I woke up this morning. I feel like someone is punching my stomach and my boyfriend is not feeling well either. Definitely NOT going back!
4	I love the fish taco's with the green sauce at Wahoo's. Service is always good as well.
2	First timer!! Im gonna say after all the hype i thought it was gonna be alot better.... The fish tacos were so dry.... They need to put alot more dressing on and less cabbage!! I would go back but deff gonna try something new.....
5	Outstanding food that won't leave you feeling like you ate a load of cement afterwards, great beer prices, draft Pacificos are only $2.00. I would highly recommend the Cajun Fish Burritos with the "Fusion" sauce (not on the menu, it's a secret).
1	Came here for some dinner and drinks. Sat down at a machine and ordered a shot, the bartender asked if I was playing and I said yes. Put some money in and he brought me a shot. I guess my mistake I assumed it was comped like it would be at almost any bar in town if you are gambling. He didn't bring me a check or ask if I want to open a tab. So I order another one, same thing... No check, he didn't ask for money, didnt ask me to leave a card to open a tab. Again, assume its comped because I'm gambling. I keep playing, and ordered a couple more drinks. Next thing I know, he brings me a check for $50. I then politely ask him why every single one of my drinks are on my check and he rudely says "well that's what you ordered!" I'm sorry but any other bar you go to, if you're gambling at least ONE of those drinks are comped. I got charged for every single one of my drinks while he made me think they were comped. I don't have a problem paying but when you ask if I'm playing then don't bring me a check I feel like those are not being charged to me as that's how it is at almost any bar here. I love the summerlin location of this bar/restaurant so I'm very disappointed since this is right down the street from me. Guess ill be driving across town where the customer service is MUCH better. Please do not go here!!!!!! Unless you want to get ripped off.
1	Food a huge disappointment nasty! The only thing I loved was the decor if only they knew about food as much as they do with decorations I soo wanted to love this place.......bummed!
4	This place was so yummy and fresh. I got the chicken teriyaki bowl and it was good. I will come back for sure. People working here were friendly and nice so that's a big plus. The above was the first time I went there. The second time, however, food was not as good. Food is fresh every time and the people working there are great. Mike the guy that works nights at the bar is super friendly. Victor, the day manager was friendly and made a point to make things right after they made some human mistakes!Revised: went back and ..that is the reason for taking one star off. still a good place to go...clean...
2	I wasn't too excited about trying Wahoo's, but we got together with friends last night and compromised on Wahoo's. You order at the register and then they deliver the food to your table. The menu is extensive, verging on too many options. It was a little confusing and ended up taking us a little bit to figure out what we all wanted. I decided on the basic two taco combination plate. I ordered the grilled fish taco with spicy salsa, tofu taco, white rice (they served me brown by mistake) and white beans. My fella got a chicken burrito combination and also a side fish taco. My friends ordered as well and we all got a cookie for dessert and found a booth. The food took a bit of time to come out and unfortunately our meals came out quite a bit of time before  our friends. Once we all had our meals, we dug in. The food was a little bland, even though I asked for spicy on everything. The brown rice was dry and the beans wet. The flavors weren't too exciting either. The fish was a little dry and the tofu, although nice was bland. The food was plentiful but I only ate a few bites of the sides since they were lackluster. Everyone else seemed to feel the same way about the food. The cookie was ok, nothing special. I don't think I'll make Wahoo's a regular on our food rotation.
5	I was weary about coming to this place because my co-workers informed me that they were told this place had the best fish tacos. Now, I am a bit picky when it comes to that. I ordered the fish "taquitos" and asked the cashier if it was spicy and he said no. I then proceeded with the order and around 6 minutes later a lady comes and hands me what appears to be a beef taquito. I was confuse because from the picture, I thought I had order "soft shell" fish tacos. Plus, it did not look like fish it looked like beef because the meat inside was black. I was baffled and the lady then asked me if it was the order I had ordered. I didn't want to make a situation worse and then Tashia, our food delivery attendant that was assisting us asked, "Would you like me to bring you the correct order and would you want it with the same side orders?" I was thrown aback because nowadays, no one does that, they first argue with you or make you pay extra for an incorrect order! I was so ecstatic that she asked. I would highly recommend this food establishment.
1	I ordered a Chicken Burrito, and 2 Tacos (One Steak/One Chicken) to go. When I arrived back to my hotel I ended up with..... 1 Mushroom Enchilada, and 1 Brown Rice Chicken Bowl.Enough said.
4	Food was pretty good. Had the carnitas tacos. I forgot to say no cilantro, so I didn't like it too much. But the parts that didn't have cilantro was really good.
5	Wahoo's is in a few words: a God send. The Calimex/Baja inspired menu has strong variety and some of the best prices in town considering the quality of the food. This isn't typical bar food. My personal favorite dish there to get are the Wahoo Fries (with black beans). You'll thank me later... They are life changing. Other recommendations include the Burning Rolls and Carne Asada Tacos. The best thing is that everything looks and tastes fresh.... While being extremely easy on your wallet.The bar is pretty standard fare, though I've gone to Wahoos during twilight hours only, so I am ignorant to happy hour specials they run for their food and drinks, which I am sure are numerous. If you ever visit Wahoos late night, make sure you get Brian as your bartender, great, great guy. The ambiance of Wahoos is pretty upbeat, you get a California beach vibe from the decor and lighting, and it isn't so drab like other variety bars. Overall, given the bang for your buck, I must give Wahoos my highest recommendation. 5 stars.
1	Was not impressed with the food.  I ordered 2 grilled fish tacos.  The taco shell was cold.  Quantity of fish was small.  A lot of cabbage filler.  I was disappointed because I had heard good things.  Probably will not go back.
5	I love the wahoo fries! I come here for the football games, and the have the fries for $3. Too bad its a Cowboy's bar
3	I was ignored at the bar for 20 minutes then saw the bartender walking around talking on his cell. The food was delicious.
4	Was super impressed with the fish tacos. Same taste and fell as cali. Also the 3 rolled tacos were amazing as well. Service was good, friendly staff and love option of having beer. Didn't like the bar being separated from dinner room. All in all great food, and great healthy choices.
2	I love me some Wahoos but this specific one is weak.  Took over old poker bar so no windows in the joint which kinda defies Wahoos principles in general and feels too much like a bunker.  Food is Wahoo's so you know it's good but service struggles if your not a regular.  If it is crowded your screwed.  Staff a minimal crew.  Much better vibe in Sumnerlin and new Henderson one has amazing views of Vegas.
5	Great place to grab drink with friends. We could hang out here all night. The bartenders and really nice too. They have cheap food and it pretty good, definitely gonna come here more.
4	First time at this location. Service and employees were great, friendly and attentive.  The bartender, Shannon, was totally awesome. Her attitude was amazing and made it a great experience. Had a good time except for trying to watch the football game, haf to endure watching a couple at the bar make out,  wasn't the greatest thing. Was involved in a drawing, but didn't win and got some free chocolates because I was a lady ;-)  Would definitely come back here. Btw, had taco combo, shrimp and grilled fish with rice and beans. Very good!  B.F. had a wet burrito with half red sauce and half cilantro sauce. Tasty. Had tea and two margaritas and price was around $36.00. Not bad :-)
4	Food was great....the green sauce is a must!!! I recommend the shrimp burrito.
2	Was a little disappointed by the quality of the food here. It was recommended by a friend who has been to other locations.  I just felt like the quality was mediocre and would be able to cook it myself. I ordered the carne asada tacos. The tortillas were pretty dry and the rice seemed like it was just a place holder to make the plate look fuller.
1	Not sure wha happen?  Have been here a few time but normally earlier in the day for lunch but this past Friday about 4pm the service was simple bad and rude. Understand I am a long time Wahooer (I lived in the O.C. and have gladly wait in line at the one on Bristol many time for lunch) but walking into a place for a taco and getting the cold shoulder (it was thefirst time I have every had to ask for a menu and had to flag down the server/bartender to take an order...I would understand if they were busy but they were not).  I was in the bar area and was told by the Manager "that I would have to move because their we people how would play the machine (while patting her hand on the bar counter in front of the video gambling machine -- Now, that was a first...Vegas is very much about the drink and the gamble but that does not mean simple service  go to "shit".  The cold shoulder and the curt atitude was just uncalled for, so I will just reserve my Wahoo fix for when I am back in OC since this one does not have the spirit of atmosphere of the true WAHOO.  And that's just sad
4	Service was awesome...my bartender Jen was the best !! Didn't eat there yet but I will be back :)
1	What happened?!? This used to be a great spot to come relax and have a few drinks and play some keno. They got rid of the old bar staff an brought in some new folks. Seems this new crew is on strict orders from the mothership. They have tightened the machines up and bartenders turn down the music when people put money in wtf? I guess I'll have to find a new watering hole. Too bad.
3	I tend to visit this location a bit more than the boca park due to it being next to where a good chunk of my friends live. It's not a bad bar at all. I've watched tons of sporting events and had a good time. It's also good because the bar is a bit more seperated from the restaurant. One major factor that the Boca Park location has over this is the patio. It absolutely changes the dynamic and I wish this location had one like that. That aside,  I still love wahoos with its cheap food, cheap drinks. (Mostly) fun bartenders who have no problem joining in on the fun most of the time
4	Revamped the menu & waaaayyy better! Had the fried baja rolls & dont know if the green sauce or the rolls tasted better.... Bomb!!! Then me an wifey split the machaca burrito (of course wet fools! ) red sauce!!! Substituted pork for carne... Freakin awesome... Changed staff of as late with a crew from hooters (yay!) Jen & tammy are the best female tenders in town! Would hire them at my joint anyday! Be back again.... Used to dislike this place but am a regular now!
5	Great menu with healthy options. Very helpful and attentive staff members who seem to be happy with their job. Well definitely return.
3	Talk about reminiscing about the days visiting my college roommate down in southern california (Huntington Beach) kicking it by the pier getting some fish tacos. The only thing that was missing was the sand all over the floor. Darn they need too work on that one. Lol! Wahoo Fish Tacos is affordable tacos, good portion, and like laid back southern california feel too it. If billabong, quicksliver, go on and on surfing. Then not too mention all the skateboard brand names. The posters it totally feels like rad place too hang out with friends whether it be in the restaurant or the bar area. Not that into any of those things but if your fan definitely love the decor and vibe.The food its your basic mexican food nothing really out there with WoW factor. I ended up getting the The Kahuna Grande. Like mention earlier get great value for the price because all the Combo Platters comes with rice (choose from steam, spanish) and beans (refried, black, and believe one other option). The Kahuna Grande you get choice of one taco or enchilada I went with the enchilada. Also three tequitos for all three get choose your protein. That another list of things too choose from so when it comes too options there are plenty too choose from plus even go healthy. I when with carne asada for enchilada then chicken for tequitos. Overall I liked the whole dish felt like everything was okay. The carne asada had nice flavor too it and combine with the enchilada sauce on top nice combination of flavor. The tequitos just okay. The black bean side was fabulous! I liked that the black beans was cooked perfect and had nice flavor. The steamed rice was just steamed rice nothing special. The guacamole was terrible. Me if there was anything that not fan of it was the guacamole. I feel like not even fresh made and just off with no flavor whatsoever. The salsa was ok. I came with my brother family so got too try the cajun chicken nachos. Just not fan. It was way heavy top loaded and not very good. I like the fact that the prices are great for under $10 get lot. Food is ok nothing special but being close too home if ever want quick mexican food other then Robertos. Wahoo Fish Tacos is place that come back too again..
3	I've heard many great things about Wahoo's Fish Tacos but I wasn't really impressed. It's an average place. The main reason I gave it only three stars is because of the staff. The young guy at the counter didn't know much about the food. I don't blame him. He might have been new and haven't had proper training. It's set up like a normal sit down restaurant but you order and pay for your food up front. But the people didn't check on us after bring us our food.
5	What a great little bar! Food was delicious, beers were cold and the bartenders were so much fun! I will be returning for sure! Thanks Bob and Tammy!
3	Went once to try it. Not bad, not great. Will have to try again to see if there's reason to update my rating.
1	If I could give zero stars I would!!! I heard nothing but negative thing about wahoo's but some friends wanted to grab a drink during lunch. We walked into the bar about 1230.  Sat there for about 10+ minutes and never saw a bartender. The GM even passed through the bar and said "hey guys". Waited another 5 minutes..... Nothing...... we asked another patron at the bar if there was a bartender. They said yes. It's a sorry excuse of a bar when a customer has to go hunt down the bartender. We finally just left.  Thanks for wasting our time. We just went to BJs down the street.  I will never return and I recommend you don't even try this bar. Obviously they don't care.
3	I am becoming more and more disappointed with this location. The service and quality has declined in the recent months. Unfortunately it gets worse when they are busy.
1	Food was ok, not impressed.... weird to order then have food delivered to table. Is it a fast food joint or a restaurant.  I ordered Carne asada taco (original) it was more like a salad on top of corn tortillas, guacamole was good, salsa was not Too many other options to return here
1	Place is not friendly. We felt like outsiders and they did not comp us hardly anything after playing 300 plus in the machines.
5	Just ate here, Vegan options, and daytime bartender Shannon rocked!!!  I'll be back!  They have an ingredient list by front cash register.  Cool surfy atmosphere.  And, the food was inexpensive, Dishes were bigger than I thought.
3	Well, I thought I would try again. I mean why not the owner or manager responded after my last visit and offered $10.00 off my next visit. I didn't take advantage of it, but came back anyway. I made sure I arrived before the lunch rush. Unfortunately that didn't alter the 15 minute ticket time. Maybe that is normal because everyone says it is made to order. Fish tacos are on the docket today, they came out hot, but a little dry. Unfortunately over salted... But all in all tasted good. We'll see what happens on the next visit.
4	Went for a late lunch on a Saturday and very much enjoyed the food.  Great variety on the menu and a relaxing atmosphere.  Loved the Salmon tacos with the citrus slaw.  Will definitely go back.
1	Great food bad service at bar waited a hour to get bill. Suppose to be happy hour and when got bill was told that they don't have happy hour
4	I did not know there was one in Vegas! I've been to a Wahoo's in Colorado! Last time I tried the shrimp tacos! Yummy!! Today I was in the mood for fish tacos. I ordered the two Cajun fish taco plate. I think I would have enjoyed it more if I had more limes! That's why I took off a star:( Rice and beans were not bad! Nothing to complain about there! Also reasonable prices! You can't beat that!! Staff were friendly! They weren't overwhelming or rushing me to place my order. Hope to be back soon to bring more people! :)
4	Was really impressed with the service & food. Definitely better tasting than Rubios. Bigger portions, more options & less expensive too!!
5	I'm a regular here with my girlfriend at least a few times per month. I like original fish tacos and she usually orders the skinny tacos which are wrapped in lettuce instead of a corn tortilla. I think they only have 110 calories each or something. The service is always great! When we sit in the dine in side Rosie is usually working. She is so nice and sweet and very patient when we have trouble making up if we want tacos or something different. Sometimes at night Andrew works and he is very nice and helpful and offers great service. We've visited serval times after midnight and the bartender Brian is very friendly and offers great service. He try's to up sale the drinks or Dessert but you expect that from any good server/bartender. They are always quick to refill your drinks or take your plates away once you are done..  I am from the Northwest which has great service and I get the same kind of service when I visit here.
5	My husband and I are regulars on Friday nights after work.  He always gets the wings and I usually try something different each time.  I've had just about everything on the Bar Bites menu now and the only thing that disappointed were the taquitos. My favorites are the pork carnitas tostados. Joey the bartender is fantastic. Always takes care of us to the point of starting our drinks the moment we walk in. Super great service and fun atmosphere. Wouldn't go anywhere else for our late night drink and snack.
2	U should call this place Robertos. and that would be an insult to mr. roberto himself. i had the fish tacos of course and wow were they plain. just think of middle school lunch fish in a bland torilla. flavorless. u would think with a name "wahoo's fish tacos" their tacos would be good. this is really a bar. the bar is good and it has gaming so go here to drink and gamble not eat.
5	I have been eating at Wahoos quite frequently over the past two months and it seems that the quality, service , and presentation just keeps getting better and better!  This continues to be one of my favorite places to eat in California as well as Las Vegas.
4	I moved to Vegas from California, so I was pretty familiar with Wahoo's already.I can say that a Wahoo's with a bar/gaming area is even better!As far as the food, it's always really on point. I almost always get a salad every time. They are super fresh, full packed, and their dressings are not only delicious, but healthy as well. I love their new Kai Kale salad. They've done a great job adding the kale and masking the bitterness of it by chopping the kale into smaller pieces and mixing it in with other greens. It's such a simple idea, but no one is doing this. If you love salad, do yourself a favor and order one of theirs. Their tofu is also really really good. I don't know if it's marinated overnight or what, but it's super flavorful. As far as the bar service, it can be super hit or miss. We've had some amazing bartenders here, and then some that are not so good. Michael (I think that's his name...he has a New York accent) is an amazing bartender. He's helpful with his suggestions, super super friendly, always smiling, and very attentive. The rest of the bartenders here could take a couple notes from this guy.Unfortunately, since this place is always packed with industry regulars you might end up getting ignored for awhile because of bartender favoritism.
5	Food is excellent with a lot of good flavors & service is friendly. The bartender, Shannon, was so fun & made some excellent food recommendations. Their new Kale salad is amazing! For the price, you can't go wrong.
5	I love this place for lunch.  The food is good, the people are great and the machine are very friendly. At least you can play with 20.00 in.
3	Bland but good prices.
4	I have one word for you JOEY! He is the reason to stop by for a visit as he is an Amazing bartender with a very fun personality! This is a fun joint to stop by for a drink and some good grub. I have been missing out all of this time as I have heard of it through friends however been remise at making a visit.I had the carne asada breakfast, which came with eggs, hashed browns and tortilla. The carne asada was tender and tasty. It was a generous portion of meat which left me stuffed to the brim, mmmmmm just how I like it!Drinks and food are reasonable and pretty good.  I had a delicious drink that was custom made by Joey. He is the kind of bartender that you can throw some ideas at and he can create a masterpiece. That night I was craving something with vodka, pineapple, cherry, and orange juice. He kicked it up a notch and created this island treat of a drink so refreshing it made me wet.I will be back for sure to enjoy a good time with friends, drinks and food.
5	Went to lunch here and it was quick and easy. Good food and one of the staff came and asked how we were doing and gave us some extra sauce. Towards the end someone came by and picked up our plates. Spent $8 including tip
4	Great location to get you grilled fish tacos and enchiladas; try them with Mr. Lees sauce. They also have drink specials for every day of the week and bartenders are very friendly. I'd also recommend that you try out their chicken wings. They do have a takeout section for folks who want food on the go.
