2	This cute little walk-up cupcakery is a recent expansion of Let Them Eat Cake (http://www.letthemeatcakeaz.com/), the bakery located next door.  The refrigerated display case across from the entrance is full of delicious looking cupcakes.  The bright colors and custom painted walls make for a welcoming atmosphere while the checkerboard floor and retro barstools give the cupcakery a 50s feel.  I would say that the "Cafe" in the name is a bit of a misnomer -- though there are a couple of tall tables and barstools, it's not exactly a "sit down and sip a hot drink while reading a book" kind of place.During my visit I got the Orange Whiz (vanilla cake with lemon filling topped with an orange buttercream) and the CCC (lemon cake with raspberry filling topped with a chocolate cream cheese frosting).Orange Whiz:  The cool, refreshing cake has a tangy lemon flavor and the lemon filling is smooth and creamy with a strong lemon flavor that is more bitter than tart.  I wouldn't call it bad, but it's not good either -- I'm not a fan of the bitterness.  The orange buttercream is light and fluffy with a sweet, buttery flavor.  I guess the "orange" was a descriptor of the color, not the flavor.  The frosting adds a greasy quality to the already sweet cake, diminishing the cake's quality. There's about four times as much frosting as you would need for the amount of cake, and I think the cupcake's better off just ditching the frosting entirely.CCC:  The lemon cake is neither moist nor dry with a slightly sweet flavor that has a subtle lemon taste.  I hate raspberries, but even I have to admit that the raspberry filling is freaking good.  It has a nice tart, berry flavor full of crunchy raspberry seeds which means it was made with real fruit. Yay!  I've never had chocolate cream cheese frosting before so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  It turns out that the frosting tastes exactly like regular cream cheese frosting; it's thick and sugary with a sweet cream cheese flavor.  Despite the fact that it looks like a chocolate icing, I can't taste any chocolate at all.  Weird!  The cake is cool, light and refreshing while the frosting is rich and indulgent, which makes for a neat contrast, but like the Orange Whiz I think I'd prefer this cake without the (chocolate?) frosting.
5	Recently I held a baby shower for my best friend. I needed a cake that was perfect in detail and delicious too! I had used Let Them Eat Cake a few years ago for yet another baby shower and remembered fondly of how fabulous the cake was...so I called. My five star experience started with the phone call! I was never rushed, or made to feel silly for my 101 questions about the cake. I wanted a custom made 'rattle' and even though they had never made one before, they weren't phased by the request. They walked me through the design process over the phone and we went through the colors of the icing and flavors of the filling and cake. I knew my 'mama-to-be' wanted chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate, so that part was easy. All the same, they made me feel confident in the cake that I would blindly pick up the following Saturday, just in the phone call. A week later, I pick the cake up and I have to say, because it was sight unseen, I was a nervous wreak; all the same, to say that I was pleasantly surprised is an understatement. Visually, what they created for me was far and beyond my wildest dreams! I was thrilled! I was overjoyed; it was the 'icing on the cake' for all the other details that were already in place for this special event.A few hours later...after lunch had been had, and presents opened, we finally cut into the cake and it was as fabulous tasting as it was visually appealing! In fact, as the day progressed, and the champagne kept flowing, most of us decided that we would have cake for dinner...and as our 3 a.m. snack, oh, and as our 'breakfast of champions...after all a Let Them Eat "Chocolate" Cake pairs as well the next day and Bloody Marys as it does Champagne at the main event!
1	Another place I just don't get....the cupcakes are certainly no better than anything you would find at your local grocery. They look pretty but the cake was dry and more importantly, the frosting was horrible! Overly sweet and, to reiterate, tasted like something you'd find at a supermarket. Don't waste your time and money.
2	I've become somewhat of a cupcake snob, and with the recent influx of cupcake purveyors in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area, I consider it my duty to at least try every one of them.  Sadly, this place just doesn't measure up.  The decor inside was kind of cute, albeit very small, but the cupcake I had was terrible.  I didn't even finish it.  I don't remember what flavor it was, but I do remember that it tasted like it had been in the fridge for several days.  The cake was bland, and the frosting tasted odd.  The girl handed me a menu of what flavors they offer on different days, but I won't be back.  I make way better ones at home!
1	Let them eat cake - or it would seem that they really do not want you to eat cake...I heard a lot about the cupcakes and cakes - the website is appealing and demonstrates the artfulness for creating extraordinary cakes.  Nearly six months ago tried ordering a cake for a very special b'day and did not get results.  I recently tried again for yet another b'day and was told it was a no-go.  It would appear that unless it is a wedding, shower or other occasion, this establishment does not want you to eat their cake.  I did buy cupcakes there and they were beautifully decorated but tasted stale.  Sorry but "let them eat cake" is not a winner by me.
5	Best cupcakes I have ever had hands down. They may not be the most moist but they are the best. The frosting & the filling blows everyone out of the water. Sprinkles are moist and they are chocolatey goodness but that's great if you ordered the chocolate cupcakes. If you order hazelnut, etc.. it should taste like something other than just chocolate, all their cupcakes taste the exact same no matter what you order and this is where Let Them Eat Cake succeeds. We ordered the "Strawberry Delight" for a coworkers birthday and OMFG they were amazing. Strawberry jam filled cupcakes with this amazing light and tasty strawberry frosting. Not only do they taste fantastic but they look fantastic. I am devoted to you Let Them Eat Cake!!
5	I had a Boston Cream cupcake at an event tonight.  WOW! One of the best cupcakes I've ever eaten.  I do enjoy Cupcakes and Sprinkles from time to time, but these were on another level.  I'm not even sure you can call them cupcakes because they were definitely not your typical cupcake.  They are larger than normal cupcakes and you pretty much have to use a fork to eat them right out of the wrapper thing.  The best part is that they have stuff in the middle, Bavarian creme in this case.Anyway, I will try more of their cupcakes and hopefully soon.  Sure I'll have to put a few more miles on the ole' treadmill but it is worth it!
5	Wow!  I spotted these large, gorgeous cupcakes from a mile away at the Yelp event and just knew I had to grab one before I left.  The presentation was amazing, with 4 different flavors available and plenty of staff to keep things stocked.  At 8:45pm they still had plenty to go around, so I happily grabbed a chocolate.  Too stuffed to eat it even when I got home, I stored it in the fridge til later.  Tonight, 24 hours later, I got it out of the fridge and it was soooo delicious.  And the creamy chocolatey filling?  What a surprise!  It was tough to eat, but once I got a plate and a fork and stopped trying to wrap my mouth around it I was happy as can be.  I'll definitely be giving these as gifts sometime soon!
4	The prettiest cupcakes I've ever seen! I was wooed at the Yelp in Bloom event where I enjoyed half of a lemon-raspberry cake. And, exclaimed with glee, "you mean I can buy these like donuts!?!" when I understood they had a cupcake shop. I had driven by Let Them Eat Cake in the past and just assumed it was a bakery for elegant, custom cakes - a place to call when planning a wedding or hosting a shower of some sort. That feeling was reinforced a bit by the lovely presentation at the Yelp in Bloom event. (check out Vanessa M's pic - it's hard to tell from the perspective here but these were hearty handfuls to be eaten straight from the wrapper with a fork!). Barbara Gardner was even wearing her Food Network chef's coat earned at a soon-to-air Food Network Challenge for anniversary cakes! It just so happens, I was going to visit a friend who had just celebrated a birthday and figured a cupcake would be a nice little gift. Friday, I stopped in the cupcake shop to make my selection. It was tough - there were at least a dozen options! I went with Better Than Sex for the gift - a chocolate cupcake, filled with cream and dipped in caramel, topped with chocolate ganache and nuts. I didn't get a chance to taste it. I heard it was tasty, though not exactly better than sex.Of course, it gave me the excuse to get a cupcake for myself. My choice was Oreo ($3.25). I used to love an Oreo Cake offered at a coffee house in Tucson when I was in college. This cupcake didn't quite measure up. Aside from the Oreo on top, it didn't taste like Oreo and the butter cream mountain on top combined with the butter cream fillings was beyond overload. Don't get me wrong. I ate the whole damn thing! Took me two tries, though. :) Anyway, my only complaint is in both cupcakes I've tried it seemed like there was less cake and more filling. For the time being, I'm attributing that to my selections. I intend to try one of those ganache topped cakes myself. And, maybe even a Plain Jane (vanilla cake with butter cream and sprinkles). Not to mention, the coconut cream is calling to me... after all, I have a punch card. Ten more cupcakes and I'll get one free!!
5	If you are willing to fork over the bucks for a custom cake, this is the place to come.  For my son's first birthday I had a custom birthday cake made here- over $135 for a half sheet cake, a smash cake, and a small 6" round cake.  Crazy prices, right?  Somehow worth every penny.  The cakes were gorgeous and just what I wanted to celebrate a milestone birthday for my son.  The owner was very nice and very proud of her products.  As apparent by all the happy customers who came to pick up their cakes.And of course, I have to mention as a side note the gorgeous, large cupcakes they served at Yelp in the Bloom.  Honestly, those were the hit of the event as everyone that had one in their hands, had that look of satisfaction in their eyes.  You know the look that I'm talking about- the look that says- I have the "it" item in my hands and I know it!
5	Great cupcakes, five stars for their creative designs and five stars for their super patient and understanding stuff who  took the trouble to digress the various ingredients and flavors in each cupcake.  I will be back again to get my next half doZen :) yum yum bring a friend to split a cupcake as they are pretty big.
5	I was first introduced to Let Them Eat Cake (love love the name) at the Yelp In Bloom Event. It took me far too long to get over to their store! Their cupcakes are truly the best I have ever had. They are absolutely Beautiful, so creative and YUMMY!! The buttercream is to die for, and my favorite part! The cake is moist and the filling inside is well done also!Whether it is, Better than Sex, Boston Cream, Butter Rum, or one of the many other flavors, I have not been disappointed, nor will you. I am looking forward to an occasion to order a cake.I suggest swinging by for a few cupcakes to make it through the weekend, even a few days later the cupcakes are still delish and moist.Thank you Yelp for pointing me in the right direction!
1	Review from our cake tasting back in February. Going to try to make this short and sweet! We live right around the corner from Let Them Eat Cake and I figured, its close, it was somewhat well reviewed, so why not! I head in one day on my way home from work to set up an appointment. I figured that okay if this place is charging $20 for a cake tasting its gotta be good, right?! When I get home, J and I filled out the questionnaire so they can have a sample of 3 cake flavors, fillings, and frostings for us to try and I email it back. So, fast forward to 8 weeks later (the soonest they could get us in...on a rainy Saturday morning in February). J and I arrived for the appointment about 5 minutes early. We're prompt like that, or at least I am when he's with me...HA! ;) We stood around in the Cupcake Cafe for 5 minutes before we were asked if we could be helped. We were finally escorted into the side office. There we sat and waited for the owner for a couple of minutes. The owner arrived in a flurry and plopped down two paper plates and plastic forks with our tastings. We were then left alone for another 5 minutes. She arrived again in another flurry, plopped down the books, and left again for another 5-10 minutes. When she finally returned and sat down, she gave off an air of impatience, bragged about her awards, and made a show of the Food Network Challenge Chef's coat she was wearing. She was very brisk and business like pushing us into designing our cake and reminded us her pending appointment to immediately follow our own. Total face time with the owner - maybe 10-15 minutes. The cake review - Here's the kicker, they combined all the flavors into a single, three layer cake. The fillings we requested sandwiched between the layers. And one frosting on the side. The cake was cold, so we guessed they had put together "our" cake a day or two in advance and left it to sit in the fridge. All the flavors melded in a way you could not judge the quality of them individually. What we could discern was sub-par and some of the worst cake we've tasted in our lives. Its one thing to charge for a tasting and quite another to rob someone of $20 for something Little Debbie can do better for only .99. By the time we were finished, the remainder of the tasting cake seemed like a consolation prize from the worlds worst game show. We knew immediately upon exiting the building that we would not be using their services. Okay, so I guess that review was definitely not short and certainly not sweet for the vendor! PS - J and I made it a point to TiVo the Food Network Challenge - Anniversary Cake episode she appeared on. She and the Sedona baker she was teamed with, lost.  Surprising, I think NOT! Let Them Eat Cake - FAIL!! FAIL!! FAIL!!!
5	This place is fantastic! I somehow ended up buying 3 dozen cupcakes in a 3 week period with friend's birthdays so close this summer. The price is well worth it, even though it make seem steep.  Remember you get what you pay for and in reality these little bits of heaven should cost way more. I generally go in and get 12 different cupcakes and a menu to identify them. Then everyone gets to pick out a different one. Plus identifying the cupcakes based on their descriptions is quite fun!
3	So there was a groupon this week for Let Them Eat Cake and I decided to go give the place a whirl. It was easy to find and the at $3.25 a cupcake seemed about right for a lot of the upper end cupcakes on the market these days. I was excited to see that they had all the flavors I wanted to try which is contrary to their day of the week listing on their website. I wanted it to be fantastic I really did. Let me tell you about the 6 flavors I tried with my boyfriend:Boston Cream Pie - This cake was unbelievable awesome. Delicious frosting, fluffy yummy cake, and a filling that was just perfect. We DEVOURED this nommy cupcake. Cherry Bomb - I'm not too big a fan of most chocolate cake but the cake was very moist. The Cherry filling however, was only a single cherry in the middle. Not exactly what I was expected. Overall, not bad but not really to my taste.Cosmos - This was horrible. We threw it out. Lemon and raspberry are normally a flavor combination I love but this was ugh. The cake was dry and flavorless. The icing was too sugary. The filling was that generic goo you purchase in bulk from bakery supply shops. Just horrid.Marie's Cherry - The icing was quite yummy on this one. The cake however, was fairly boring. Tasted like a better crocker mix. There was a bare trace of filling. Not enough to really give a description. Butter Rum - This tasted like one of those butterscotch toffee things. I was expecting something more along the lines of Italian rum cake. So, not what I expected but if you like those butterscotch toffee things you will love this cupcake.Spumoni - This was a special flavor not on their normal menu. It consisted of the same ok chocolate cake that was in the cherry bomb. The frosting was yummier. I also liked the pistachio filling but there wasn't very much of it all. So a good cupcake but not a fantastic cupcake.We ate the Boston Cream Pie first and that made us super excited to eat the others. This only made it more disappointing that there was such much disparity in the quality of the various flavors. In the end it seemed the majority of it was equivalent to something I could make with a mix at home. They were hardly worth the price.The only reason we gave this place 3 stars is because of the beyond out of this world Boston Cream Pie cupcake. That's something we may go back for.
2	I picked up a dozen cupcakes here for a party on Saturday and was very excited to try out this cupcakery.  That excitement ended after I tried the cupcakes. Womp womp wooomp. The red velvet (my favorite type of cake ever) was the WORST cake I have ever bought.  Something was terribly wrong with the frosting - I had several others taste the frosting and two people agreed that it tasted like bad oil was used.  It didn't taste like a bad recipe, it tasted like bad ingredients.  Aside from the foul frosting fiasco, the cake itself was very dry.  I would have returned the leftovers of this cupcake and demanded a refund/exchange if it weren't so far out of my way.  I sampled several other cupcakes that were in my dozen such as the butter rum, chocolate, and cosmo - none of them were as bad as the red velvet, but none of them exceptional.  The only cupcake that stood out (for the better) was the Boston Creme.  It tasted the most fresh, with moist cake and creamy cream inside...mmmm.
2	I don't know what the big deal is about this place. Once I heard that our birthday cake cost $72 my first thought was...Dumb! What a rip, I would never pay $72 for a birthday cake from anywhere. This cake was nicely decorated the way that the women wanted it. It was a beach theme and it had shells (made out of fondant), sand (graham crackers), and beach chairs (not edible). It was Butter Cream frosting with Chocolate cake & Chocolate Fudge filling. Neither of those were very chocolate at all. The frosting was ok as I am not a fan of Butter Cream, it must have been the graham crackers. This cake was nothing special at all. I have had better cakes from local supermarkets. Let me just say that it was not terrible, just nothing special. Maybe this place should be called "Let them eat Cupcakes" as most of the reviews seem to be for cupcakes.
5	I am addicted to the cake shows on the Food Network. I know the basics (i.e. fondant should be smooth, cake should be moist, etc.). Let Them Eat Cake did a fantastic job! I can't wait to show them my wedding cake idea. I will post the Minnesota Twins themed cake they custom made for my boyfriend's birthday. It was layered w/ fresh strawberries and whipped cream. It was delicious and he loved it!
3	I've been craving a cupcake for the past 2 weeks, Let Them Eat Cake pop up on my Yelp app after I search for cupcakes and off I went. The store is tiny, but there's a pretty big variety of cupcakes. It was difficult to chose but I finally settled on Boston Cream Pie, Red Velvet, Oreo and CCC. Let me say that the presentation is beautiful and more than cupcakes, these are mini-cakes. I was pleasantly surprised and didn't felt as bad paying $3.25 for a cupcake:) Now, taste wise, they were good, not amazing. The cake part was on the dry side, too dry for my taste actually. There's a lot of frosting so it kinds of compensate for the dryness.My favorite was the Oreo cupcake but halfway through it I had to stop as I was getting queasy with all the frosting and sweetness. Best bet is to share them!
2	I decided to take the owner up on her offer of a dozen free cupcakes, which she offered after reading my original review to try to entice us to give her business another chance. I called ahead of time to let them know the situation and that I would be stopping by. The lady on the phone said that I could pick the order up at anytime before the close of business. Upon arrival, I was immediately greeted by a staff member. I then informed them that I was there to pick up the aforementioned cupcakes. Roughly a minute later, I was greeted by the owner and promptly questioned as to "whyyyy" I had posted a negative review on Yelp. She then asked why I had not called them personally to express my concerns about the cake tasting. I explained to her that Yelp is an open site, and consumers are free to share their reviews/experiences, whether they be good or bad. At which point she agreed, but still seemed displeased. She mentioned that the bakery never charges for tastings. They merely require a deposit of $20 via a credit card. If a customer fails to show for their cake tasting appointment, the credit card is charged. I stated that it appeared to be a miscommunication by her staff, as I was led to believe that I was being charged for the tasting. On this point, I was incorrect in my original review. She gave me the cupcakes (They were were cold. Which, I found strange) and said, "I hope you post a better review this time." To which I stated, "Well I hope we like the cupcakes." I promptly thanked her and took the cupcakes, (a random assortment chosen by the staff before my arrival) and left to go home and call my fiance to vent. My fiance and I will most likely will not be eating all of them, but for the ones we do taste, our opinions are as follows - Better Than Sex Cake - The fudge was tasty; a little thick, but some people like it that way. The cake itself was soggy and the flavor was somewhat flat. The caramel was a plus but could barely be tasted. I believe the caramel is the reason why the cake was soggy. The whipped cream filling and toffee pieces were a delicious accent. Very messy. Little Deb - The fudge frosting was good, but again too thick. The whipped cream filling again was delicious. The cake was dry and again somewhat flat. Plain Jane - The cake was dry, however the cream filling was delicious. Plain Jack - The cake was moist and the filling was tasty. Out of all of them, I think we liked this the best. Oreo - The cake was pretty moist. The whipped cream filling was again a hit. The more you eat the frosting, the more the Oreo flavor comes through. Cosmos - The cake was dry. Raspberry filling was decent, very tart. The coconut was a nice touch. The frosting was overly sweet. Boston Cream - Pretty good. And I'm not a big fan of cream style pies. The cake was very moist. Spumoni - The pistachio Bavarian cream filling was more like a pudding. The green color threw me at first, but i overcame my fear of snot colored food and sampled some. The cake was moist. Cake of the Month - PB&J. The peanut butter frosting, terrible. The cake was moist and there was actual grape jelly inside. That flavor combo was not bad. If they could have actually used peanut butter, instead of the peanut butter frosting, it would have probably been better together. Now that we've OD'd on sugar, we can safely say that the cake was overall dry. The frostings were neither a hit nor a miss. The whipped filling was the star of the cupcake. Its safe to say that if we're in the mood for cupcakes, I'll save myself the money and make them myself at home. 4 Stars for the cupcakes being free 2 Stars for the cupcakes being overall nothing to write home about. Going with 2 stars (If I could give a 1/2 a star here, i would rate it 2.5)
5	We went with Let Them Eat Cake for our wedding cupcakes last August and they were everything we could ask for and then some. First, let me say that we spent a day driving around in early summer heat all over the Phoenix area to dry out cupcakes and these were by far the best we found. We set up a tasting which was a little bit of scheduling hassle but that is understandable. I will admit that the way they do their tasting is somewhat strange, with the picking three flavors and frostings and having them in one cake. It is a bit hard to really judge the flavors this way, especially if you are doing cupcakes, but I can see why it make since from their business perspective. Plus, from our initial visit to the tasting and delivery of product, our service, especially from Barbara, was top notch. We went with three different flavors, customized design and details, and everything turned out perfect. Everyone at the wedding loved the cakes, and they looked great. The prices were fair, especially considering the size and compared with other shops in the area. A lot of these reviews seem a tad harsh.
4	I bought a Groupon for this place and redeemed it last week for a surprise birthday celebration for a friend.*  The Groupon was super easy to use and the staff was really helpful (some places seem a little cranky when you are redeeming, which seems strange since they are after the marketing opportunity and bringing in new customers).*  The cupcakes were beautiful.  Literally everyone who saw them raved about how pretty they were (they have a homemade look to them, but really attractive).*  As noted by other reviewers, the cupcakes were really big (what a value!).  (I rated the pricing moderate...they are market, which is ~$3.25/cupcake, but at this size the value is definitely there!)*  I only tried two flavors, but both were delicious.  Everyone else agreed that they were fantastic.  I should note that I am not a baker, so my palette may not be as refined as some of the reviewers here on Yelp, but I do love cake and well prepared food, and I was entirely satisfied by these cupcakes.
4	My wife and I had Let Them Eat Cake provide the wedding cake for our March wedding. All in all, we were very pleased with the cake we received and the whole process, in general.Our consultation was amazing and Barb was very helpful as we decided what we wanted the cake to look like. The sample cake they baked for us for our tasting was a really nice touch, though when we tried it there it was a bit dry (we took the rest of the cake home with us and later pieces were much more moist than our initial tasting).On our wedding day, they arrived on time and set up the cake very nicely. It was prettier than what we imagined and we were very pleased with the flavors we chose (chocolate mocha cake, white cake, raspberry mousse, chocolate mousse). I would definitely recommend Let Them Eat Cake as a place to get a beautiful, tasty, and quite affordable wedding cake!
4	I really enjoy this place!  My sister and I stumbled onto this place because she is obssessed with cupcakes and we were looking somewhere close to our house...the first time we went it was closed because this place closes early so be aware...the place is small and cute...they have different flavors each day...I had the better then sex cupcake and it was amazing! It was moist and rich...I love how each of the cupcakes has this delicious center!  YUM!!!  The cupcakes are pretty large and are very pretty!  I would recommend this place to those that love cupcakes!  I just do not like the hours and sometimes they do not have the cupcakes you want...I cannot blame them because they are great, but that is why I gave it 4 stars...girl that was there was very sweet and friendly....I hope to get my sons bday cupcakes from here this year! I like that its a local place!  TRY IT!!!
5	We had such a great experience at Let Them Eat Cake! We ordered our wedding cake here, and it was so delicious and beautifully done. It looked just as we asked, and just like the sketch that Barbara made out. The cake was delivered on time and professionally. We also love that they include a smaller, duplicate cake on the day of your 1 year anniversary. We are really looking forward to enjoying our wedding cake again!Barbara was really wonderful to work with! We would definitely recommended Let Them Eat Cake!
2	Picked up 1 Dozen that was part of Groupon.  Thus, !/2 PRICE PRE PAID   Although I was not too dissapointed that they did not fulfill my list of Requested Cupcakes.  I thought perhaps it was due to me waiting until the last 2 days PRIOR TO tHE GROUPONS Expiration date and they were indeed slammed.   I only  liked 4 out of the Dozen, They were the Coconut and Red Velvet.   Both were Light, Moist and Fresh tasting.  All of the Chocolates were very dissapointing.  Their Buttercream options are either a bad recipe or cheap quality.  Foolproof and text Book quality Buttercream  Recipe is Simple especially for a bakery.    Kara was very nice representing the Phone and Desk.    However, The Location may be good for a Childs party Place.   I Rate My visit a 2.  Perhaps it was a bad day.  Still give them a try.  But not with a Dozen.  I am a  Neighbor who frequents all of the Bakeries.     Also, Very dangerous leaving the parking lot back onto Thomas if you are heading West.  So be careful.  I was almost clipped.
3	i went here randomly, when i was visiting relatives,  i give it 3 stars , the cup cakes taste great( way better then the over hyped sprinkles cup cakes) but seemed a bit over priced to me. the lady in there was polite, but not overly friendly, but i have to say great customer service. i tired few of the cupcakes so i will say that they were yummy moist and flavorful, but way tooooo sweet. ( hence the 3 stars,it will send you into a sugar coma) i will say that def, give this place a try  if you are in town. i know i will go in if i want a reallly sugary treat!
5	Best cupcakes I've ever had! I have been obsessed with cupcakes since before they were cool and cutesy. Honestly, they have alway been my favorite dessert. I have had cupcakes from here three times now and have yet to be disappointed! I love the (I think it's called) super nova, and the coconut and the plain Jane. I'm more of a vanilla and lemon cake person, and a cream cheese or butter cream frosting fan, than anything chocolate, so I have yet to try their chocolate cakes. I also hate red velvet cake, so I wouldn't try that one. But I have absolutely enjoyed the cupcakes I have had, and can't wait to use my groupon for more, if I can't make it there before it expires!
5	My friends and I did a "Cupcake Crawl" for a 40th birthday celebration.  This was out first stop.  The shop had a steady flow of traffic during our visit, which is always a good sign.  There were about 15 different cupcakes to choose from and all of them  were beautifully decorated.  It made our decision very difficult, but we finally came to a consensus and tried these 3 cupcakes:1) Better Than Sex - German chocolate cake soaked with a creamy caramel sauce filled with whipped cream and topped with fudge andtoffee crunch.2) CCC Cupcake - Lemon cake, raspberry cream cheese filling, pink and brown swirled buttercream frosting, and chocolate sprinkles.3) Cupcake of the Month - I don't recall the name but it was a chocolate cupcake with a peanut butter and chocolate chunk filling, topped with a peanut butter icing.My personal favorite was the Chocolate/Peanut Butter cupcake.  It was delicious! Let me just say they definitely raised the bar for the other cupcake places on the list. I will definitely be returning!
5	Cupcakes to me are what cookies are to the Cookie Monster. I love them. I sit at home and dream about new cake and filling flavor combinations that I can make in my kitchen. Note - I said dream - not bake. It was this process of daydreaming that prompted me to stop in at Let Them Eat Cake. Over the past several years I have enjoyed many cakes from Let Them Eat Cake and the cupcakes didn't disappoint. Unable to decide on one or two flavors, I purchased the baker's dozen and selected 13 incredible cupcakes to take home (Oreo, Coconut Creme, 'Lil Deb, Boston Creme, Chocolate Rampage, Cosmos, Cherry Bomb, Better Than Sex, Butter Rum, Rusty Zebra, Promised Land, Velvet Rose and the new Caramel Apple). 13 cupcakes in a household of two people will last a long tine so the most difficult decision was (and still is) which cupcake to eat first / next. Today is one week since my purchase and we are almost half way through the cupcakes. Each cake is so large that my daughter and I split each one down the middle, each of us enjoying half (fewer calories that way, right?). To date we have enjoyed the Oreo (oh my word), the coconut creme, the 'lil deb, and the butter rum. We packaged our treasures in a couple of large Ziploc bags and much to my delight, each cupcake has remained moist in the refrigerator even one week later. I love the presentation and the creative flavors and can't wait to take a few dozen to my college reunion next month. The cupcakes will be the hit of the weekend. These really are cupcakes to lose your head over!
2	My family saw a Groupon for this place and decided to try it out. Unfortunately the cupcakes were disappointing at best. We bought 5 different flavors and only one of them was worth the $3.25 price.Truffle: Cake didn't have much flavor and was also quite dry. The frosting was pretty tasty though as was the filling.Oreo: This one was just terrible. The cake had absolutely no flavor and it was also very, very dry. On top of that the frosting had a really bad freezer burned taste. CCC: The cake was again very dry and really didn't have any sort of noticeable lemon flavor. However the raspberry filling was delicious.Velvet Rose: This one was similar to the oreo in that it was flavorless and had a funky freezer taste to it. Just bad.Better Than Sex: This cupcake was actually quite delicious! Unlike the others its cake was moist and flavorful and the chocolate mousse and caramel were amazing. Definitely the best of the bunch!If you're going to charge $3.25 for a cupcake the expectation is that the cupcakes are going to be delicious and these just weren't. We didn't even finish most of them because they tasted so bad. I have a feeling they tend to make their cupcakes in big batches and then they stick them in the refrigerator/freezer so they last longer. That might explain the less than fresh freezer taste and the fact that the cake was dry.
4	Cupcakes are tasty, beautiful and HUGE!  I served them for our annual holiday party, and they disappeared (usually I have lots of leftover desserts!) - will be back again soon.
5	Let Them Eat Cake is the best place to get a cake for any occasion.  I have been an Event Planner in the valley for over 10 years and 100% of my clients choose Let Them Eat Cake once they taste the cake and see the amazing designs!!
4	Let me eat cake please! I recently experienced Let Them Eat Cake during my nephew's birthday party. It was the double duty for my nephew's birthday party since it was a joint party for one turning 5 and the other turning 1. Both cakes were delicious and the baby cake for my 1 year-old nephew was especially adorable! It was a mini cake, about 4 inches around and the perfect size for a baby celebrating his first birthday. The cake was decorated in a Mickey Mouse theme and was blue with Mickey on top and it said Happy 1st Birthday. It was probably one of the most precious cakes I've ever seen! The cake for the 5 year-old is the one we all ate as well. It was decorated in a Star Wars theme and the cake itself was tasty, moist and sugary goodness. I will definitely be back to Let Them Eat Cake and will continue sending friends and family in their direction. PS - I've also had their cupcakes which are just as deliciously delightful as their cakes.
5	I work for a large company HQ'd in the valley, and "LTEC" was brought in to serve up some treats for employee apprecation day.....or something to that effect. Amazed that they were able to serve up what seemed like thousands of cupcakes and had 6 or 7 different kinds to choose from. I tried 4 different ones and still can't pick a favorite as they were all delicious. All the girls were talking about how "cute" they were  designed but i was more concerned with eating them. All the people who worked at "LTEC" were extremely friendly and seemed like they were having just as much fun as we were. I'd definitley recommend them for any large event!
5	I had the Red Velvet cupcake at work. It was so good. The cupcakes were so good in fact, that my neighbor Doug, took 2 and claimed one was for his 'girl".
5	For me these are the cupcakes to end all cupcakes...they are the gold standard I compare all other cupcakeries to when I go out for cupcake tastings.  If you're in Phoenix then you MUST try their cupcakes.   Plus, the ladies are so nice; the customer service is very personalized.  They just really take care of you!
3	I bought 2 sets of a dozen cupcakes from here - the first set was outstanding and the Better Than Sex was, by far, my favorite (not sure if I'd say better than sex, but definitely damn enjoyable and addicting!).  I did take bites of the other 2 or 3 flavors I had purchased and found them to be a bit dry, though the icings/toppings were not only beautiful, but tasty.  Oddly enough, the 2nd set of dozen was way different - I noted most of them to be quite dry and had gritty frosting (though still pretty).  I'm not sure if that was a fluke or what, but it sort of killed it for me.  I did spend a pretty penny on these and good thing that the first batch I bought was good (because I served that to my guests at a small party I hosted).. the 2nd batch was for my family, so I wasn't too worried that I had been a 'bad host' by serving these.  Short story: maybe I'll stop by and buy one at a time, but to spend the big bucks and buy a dozen and have a 50/50 chance that they'll be dry and gritty? Nah.. I'll pass.
1	This place was to do my wedding cupcakes.  Unfortunately, (or fortunately for me anyway) I ended up cancelling my wedding.  I called the place 4 months in advance to cancel my order.  I called for a couple of days straight and could only  get the answering machine. which said they were closed for vacation.  Eventually I left a message informing them my wedding was cancelled and I needed to cancel my order and requested a return call.  Upon their return from vacation, I was told because I did not leave the message within a specific amount of time, I was going to be charged a percentage of my order total.  I was really put off by that, especially because they were on vacation anyway.  It's not like they were in the kitchen making my order 4 months in advance.  But, whatever, if that's what I signed in the contract, fine, they got me.  Now, here's the kicker!!!   The lady asks me, "why did you cancel the wedding?"  I reply, "That's none of your business."  She then asks me, "well, do you still talk to the man?"  Again, I reply, "That's none of your business."  She says, "well, we need to know because you are required to submit to us a notarized letter stating that you are not getting married to each other and you have not signed a contract with another bakery."  You have got to be kidding me!!!!!  I did it only because I did not want them to charge me anymore money.  I will never go back to this place ever again.  Brides, stay away!!!
5	We found out about them through our wedding venue. We started going there to try out cupcakes. My husband and I have come to the conclusion that the cupcakes here are more of an experience than just a cupcake. Each one has delicious filling in the middle and there are tons of different types. Each very unique and delicious. I've seen many people complain about the dryness but I don't think it's an issue as much as character for the flavors of the cakes. We're super excited tom have our wedding cake from them soon and stop in when we get the chance for delicious cupcakes!
3	Positives.  I've used this bakery three times for custom cakes.  The art work of the decoration has always been perfect.  They are always on time.  All three cakes were praised at my events for flavor and design.   Ordering was easy.  Service polite and knowledgable. Cons. The customer area always seems unkempt.  It's hard to feel comfortable.  The cakes are pricey. The hours are difficult for weekend events.  I like my cupcakes simple and traditional. I dont get into these complex flavor combos.  For beautiful traditional cupcakes I use barbs bakery.  Better priced. Let them eat cake will keep my business when I need specific design and when I'm doing an event that I'm willing to pay the money.  It's not for my everyday needs.
3	My mom and I were in a last-minute need for a specialty cake for my Dad's birthday. Because of our time crunch (one week's notice), we really didn't have a choice on where to take our business and thus we ended up at Let Them Eat Cake. The customer order/pick-up area is combined with their cupcake counter making this place extremely compact. Regardless, the space was clean and they did manage to fit two, slim,  high top tables on which were books filled with pictures of previous cake designs, most not being as intricate as we were wanting.An employee name Katie was there to greet us and help us determine the cake specifications. She was very helpful with educating us on what types of frosting would be better for our design. She informed us of using the risk of staining (the teeth and lips) when using dark colors with a buttercream frosting. Because of that new knowledge we opted for the fondant which doesn't leave a stain even when using black dyes. The cake was big enough to feed 30 people and after we got over the "sticker shock" we submitted the order. Our event was on Sunday and since their weekend hours are non-existent we had to pick up the cake by 11 am on Saturday. This was a little frustrating because we had to find a refrigerator big enough to keep the cake in, as well as, keep it hidden so my Dad wouldn't find it early. They did a decent job with the design, there was one error with the coloring, but they were able to fix that up on the spot and no additional charge. The cake was pretty tasty, nothing spectacular, but the guests and and my Dad were impressed with the design. It might just be knowing how much it cost that ruined the design aspect for both my mother and myself, but since the guests were happy, we were happy.
5	We recently ordered a small cake and about 40 cupcakes for our wedding. We had multiple cupcake tastings in the Phoenix area, and Let Them Eat Cake had our favorite cake. Barbara worked with us to create the design we wanted, and the end result was even better than we'd imagined. Everyone was talking about how delicious the cupcakes were, and the small 'moon' cake on the top was beautiful and whimsical at the same time. We would have liked some small cards explaining to people how to distinguish the different cupcake flavors (they had different colored stars on top, but we weren't sure which were which), but no matter which flavor people got, they thought it was delicious. It was also a bit inconvenient to have to return the cupcake stand on Tuesday because they were closed on Sunday and Monday, but that's incredibly minor compared to how delicious our cupcakes were!
3	I have patronize this establishment several times over the past couple of years.  Sadly to say, I feel the quality of the cupcakes have gone down.  We picked up a dozen for Mother's Day, and all anyone, including the kids, could say was that there was way too much icing for the cakes.  It seemed there was more icing than cake.
5	I got a groupon for here and tried a whole bunch of different flavors.  ALL AMAZING.  These are worth the price!  All the people I dealt with were very friendly.  This is my idea of a great bakery.  :)
5	The best! I have eaten a lot! And this place is the best! I also give their cupcakes as gifts to my clients, and guess what. My clients always remember this gift. Mitch and Barbara are perfectionists and they care about what they are doing. I highly recommend them to everyone!
4	I love their cosmopolitan and red velvet cupcakes. My only qualm is the hours. I wish they were open longer and 7 days. You have to visit before noon on a saturday. Not an easy task but worth the effort.
5	The customer service is as wonderful as the cupcakes! I have driven by the place several times in the past but have never stopped in until today. I wanted to pick up something special for myself for my birthday today. I pulled into the parking lot and found that the place had closed 20min prior to my arrival. I was so disappointed. Then suddenly, one of the workers came to the cafe side, unlocked the door, and let me come in. They were so kind. I was able to get 2 very delicious cupcakes, packaged beautifully! Thank you!
5	This place is amazing! We got cupcakes from them for our wedding and everyone raved about how big, delicious, and fresh they were. It is a small yet very lively bakery that specializes in delicious cakes and cupcakes. Their cupcakes are bigger, tastier, and less expensive than sprinkles. Sometimes they have cake sandwiches, they cut the excess cake from their amazing cakes they make for special occasions and put their delicious buttercream, ganache, and other amazing fillings between 2 giant pieces of cake! It's amazing!
4	My bridal shower cake was ordered from here several years ago (yep, I've been slacking on writing a review).  My friends that hosted I had met while doing the breast cancer 3-day so they had the cake made into a cute bustier, frosted in pink & had a little breast cancer ribbon on it, it was just beautiful.  It tasted amazing too, of course I can't even remember the flavor.  The only thing I have to complain about was the $145 price tag for my cake!  Yikes!
3	Cutest cupcakes, Nice friendly staff. But honestly I have mixed feelings. The cupcakes are in the kind of wrapping that I see on Italian panettone which I loved!But we got a bakers dozen and we got assorted mix. I got to taste a lot of them and they were not as good as they looked. BUT the coconut cream and boston cream were very good and the better than sex as more than a cupcake it was a dessert in itself. the plain jack, butter rum, cherry and a few other were forgettable.
5	It was love at first bite when I sampled the cupcakes from this incredible local business a few years ago at the Yelp in Bloom event...I knew way back then that I would order something special from LTEC when the right occasion came along, and it finally did... my daughter celebrated her first birthday yesterday.  We had a family only party at my house and what made it complete?  The beautiful smash cake and cupcakes that we ordered from Let Them Eat Cake!Seriously, these goodies were works of art.  I will post a few pics.  And not only that, they were delicious!  I went for white cake with whipped cream in the middle for both, and Barb used some designs I gave her to make the smash cake match my daughter's custom bib and theme for the party.  (Purple and lavender zig zags, her name, some polka dots, etc...) Needless to say, the cake and cupcakes were a huge hit with the crowd (especially my daughter who had cake for the first time), and great for photos as well.  Huge thank you to Barb and your extremely friendly staff... we'll remember Mila's special day for years to come and will not hesitate to come back to you for future special occasions either.
5	Working with Let ThemEat Cake (And Barbara too) was a pleasure. They were so sweet. I let them run with the creativity of the cake since I'm not creative and they exceeded my expectations! The cake was the Ninja Turtles coming out of a sewer. They made it gluten free (vanilla) with Pineapple and custard in the middle and it was a HUGE hit at my sons 4th b-day party. No one would have ever known it was gluten free if I didn't say anything and everyone asked me several times where I had the cake made. Writing this post is making me crave another piece!
1	If you're in need of a beautiful, custom cake for any special occasion this is NOT the place to give your business. I highly advise and implore you to never discuss details of your desired cake with Grace (a solution-less employee) or even remotely consider this business to fulfill the dessert needs of your special day. This company has left me without my one-year-old's first birthday cake 3 days before the party when I called 8 days prior to the pickup date. I'm aware of their 7 day policy for custom orders as I've been a customer for over 6 years. I was told to email ideas from Pinterest or Google images. Keep in mind that I wasn't told a specific date or deadline to send in my ideas (the idea that the customer even has to take this step when they're paying for custom design is ludicrous) and being that I hadn't been contacted, I thought all was a-go. I thought I'd be called if there was ANY issue with execution. It's certainly not my responsibility to manage their production schedule and/or know how busy or not busy they are. Proactively I took the extra step in calling to check the status as I hadn't heard from anyone only to be told that my ideas were sent in too late and they couldn't provide service. It's clear that as this company has grown, they've, sadly, failed at managing their ballooning production schedule, leaving the customer sans dessert for their once-in-a-lifetime events. The worst part of this experience is that after being told "Oh sorry, we didn't receive your concepting/ideation for the cake 'in time'" I was given NO solution as to what could be done, if anything. It wasn't until I mentioned the lack of solution-offering to Grace that she put her customer service hat on and offered an idea of a solution (but not give it to me) then tell me since I'm upset she'll "try" to have a manager call me "sometime". After that I hung up. I don't appreciate being treated like a child, being given the idea that there could be a solution but since I was upset, as some sort of ill-conceived punishment, I wouldn't be apprised of what the solution was. Unfortunately, after such a lack of empathy or any modicum of understanding, I reciprocated the apathy and realized there was no way to "Grace"-fully get out of the conversation. Phoenix, order your cakes and cupcakes elsewhere.
4	I've never eaten such a wonderful cookie, whenever I go to  Abington, MA  at least twice have to go there, and is always the last to bring both to Brazil. Tasty, with plenty of chocolate chips. Once we had to eat it with a spoon, it was warm, melting, and departed to catch him. The attendants also very friendly. Brought a lot of them little cards to display them as mandatory for anyone who appreciates a beautiful sweet passage.
