5	Music and liveliness of the venue was hands down AMAZING! It was the first place I went to when I arrived in Vegas and well worth every dime spent in there. It's got a laid back feel, but everyones enjoying the music and ride together. The food (specifically the chicken & ribs combo dish) is AMAZING!!!! Finger licking good. The drinks are hands down delicious and I would have kept on drinking, but I was just so excited to be there that I kept it moving to another lounge after this meal. The service was quick & very upbeat & pleasant. I'd recommend this place to ANYONE that wants to be happy and have a great time without gamblin'
5	so i woke up and needed something delish and nutritious real bad after going to vegas to see muse with my buddy...amazing show. i had the best omellete and cheese grits ever - i mean seriously i've never had a better breakfest in my life. and thats not the hangover talking, my buddy agreed. the mirage was recently re-decorated and remodeled and its really nice now. its not encore or the wynn, but its real nice. super clean and the food there is great. this place is also a small blues venue at night
3	This restaurant/club was a convenient option since we were staying at the Mirage and most of the other restaurants were closed the week before Christmas.  From about 7-9:30 a very nice quartet was playing and provided a nice ambiance with dinner.  More blues/oriented rock music is played later in the evening.  The food was very decent and service good.  I had the scallops and shrimp with cheese grits and DS had the gravy smothered chicken.  The food could have been hotter, but was tasty and decent.  If you save your receipt you'll get free entry to the club anytime during the evening.   I also noticed they server breakfast- we didn't do that but might be good if the buffet line is long or you just want some better service.
3	OK food + Poor Service = BB King's Blues Club* I didn't say around for live music, so that could alter my ratingBBQ pork sandwich = 3.5 / 5Gumbo = 2.5 / 5 -- the Gumbo was very creamy ( light in color) and was not anything special.Service was pretty awful and on a Sunday night that was 1/3 full, I'm surprised service was not better.
5	We were lucky enough to be here for the All Star Band (10:30 to 2:30 most nights), which I highly recommend! 11 players and guest singers that belt the blues and MoTown with power! TJ Barth is an amazing flailing blues guitarist, a terrific brass section (Sax, trump, slide trombone and a tenor sax) A key boardest with a G3 Organ and a hard driving drummer, knocking it out! Tunes were varied, but my favorite was "Midnight Train to Georgia" Really mind tripping blues! The food server was personable, fun and attentive. I nervously ordered ribs, my sexy sidekick g/f ordered fried catfish. I am happy to report we could have been in Memphis, the food was that solid. Prices were fair, no cover, and we got to keep the glasses as a souvenir. GREAT PLACE and we both hated to leave. Tip : get there a bit early and sit in the padded booth stage left. Great view. Perfect stop after seeing the Beatles LOVE.
2	Ok how about 2.5 stars?The atmosphere is the quintessential blues vibe you'd expect. Our server Jeanelle was chipper and sweet, sloooooow, but sweet. They weren't very busy at 10 am and we just wanted a simple breakfast. We got dragged in by the guy offering "free drink tickets" with your food. I didn't have high expectations about it and I'm glad I didn't. I got Chicken & Waffles, which I've had before and it was mehh. My friends got omelette's and they didn't really LOVE them, but hey, we were hungry. Glad to know there is a Starbucks and another coffee shop in the casino.
3	We went here the day after they opened for lunch.  I really wanted to try the deep fried pickles but chickened out LOL  I ended up getting the Patty Melt and it wasn't bad (something hard to mess up though).Positives:Pricing is actually pretty reasonable for the strip in Vegas - a little pricey but not shockingly expensive.Nice variety of dishes - lots of good comfort food.Negatives:The restaurant is really open and has a bit of big deli feel, just a sea of tables - looks like they tried to make it really easy to clear all the tables for music and dancing.SInce I went there right after they opened I will give them another try sometime.  Not a bad place but not anything that knocked my socks off.
4	If you are looking for a place to get away from all the lights of a Vegas casino pop in to BB King's for a great meal (some BBQ) and plenty of good live music!Added bonus is that they are open for breakfast and serve... I was not prepared for this... some of the best drip coffee I have ever had.
1	If your thinking about this place for breakfast - don't. If you got suckered into sitting down, and still haven't ordered - get up and leave. If you've already ordered - well then you're probably on Yelp to write your own bad review.
3	BB king's makes you forget you are in Vegas. The live music was good, pretty much what you would expect. The food was OK. But a nice change from the insanity of the strip... added bonus: no dudes slapping hooker cards all over in the restaurant.
4	What you've got boy is hard to findThink about it all about it all the timeI'm all strung up my heart is friedI just cant get you off my mind...at BB KING's BLUE's CLUB! - Kesha (your love is my drug)Came here in the mid afternoon and it happened to be happy hour! Half off drinks and appetizers! I haven't been to a real southern place in a while so i was pretty excited about this place, and why wouldnt i be? vegas and live music + half off drinks/appetizers = sweet deal. ordered the buffalo bbq wings (probably the best thing we had, masterfully cooked) the chicken tenders (pretty good too) the chicken fried chicken (one of their signature dishes but seemingly failed considering it was overly salty and didn't taste anything like i thought it would and if i was drunk i wouldn't have been able to tell the difference between this and the chicken tenders that were 1/4th of the price lol + the mac and cheese it came with sucked) and the ribs (very good with this - no complaints). I definitely recommend this place for the happy hour drinks and appetizers - prices are extremely good for vegas.Food: 4 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
2	We went for a early dinner. We had the catfish bit appetizers. Which were very good and set my expectations for the rest of the meal. So when my fried green tomatoes arrived I was excited until the first bite. They were thickly battered, not at all what I had in mind. I was thinking seasoned cornmeal... The batter encased the slice of tomato slice, it wasn't part of the slice if you know what I mean. It was nearly impossible to get a bite of tomato and batter together. In fairness I'm not a BBQ eater, I often go to restaurants knowing my choices will be limited.  As a rule BBQ places don't usually offer many seafood or vegetarian dished so I go to dine with friends.   Would I go back for dinner?  Probably not. To hear the band? Yes.    Peace
3	love the live music! a good mix of old and new stuff.  love the sauce on the ribs! finger lickin' goodness. came here for a late night drink/snack with a bunch of friends. good alternative to the whole bar/club atmosphere. food is decently priced. free glass with certain drinks =P
4	at  Mirage. 7 day a week noon-6pm half-price happy hour makes me a drunk,happy panda. 1/2 off all drinks(even top shelf) & appetizers.  above average with angus sliders my favorite 1/2 price appetizer so far.  all you restauranteurs out there: use hawaiian sweet rolls as buns on yer sliders--fucking stellar. boneless chicken & wings again above average.  best boneless i've had--like small , tasty fried chicken breasts.  never had fried pickle slices before & dug them.  catfish nuggets tasty.   the tabletop video slots blackjack game appears fixed in a scary way--got duped into chasing money & blowing $60(don't play it for more than 5min).  nice/cool staff.  great theme & good mainstream blues music.  stayed at mirage 3 days & ate here at least 4 times.  finally tried fried chicken & waffles & i'll go outta my way to find more places that got it.
5	If you are looking for a good place to eat, look no further. My recommendation for you is BB King Restaurant located in the Mirage Casino. The food is so DELICIOUS!. My husband and I  have eaten there a few times and have ordered the Soul Sampler , Chicken fingers, Chicken Wings, the Lip Smackin' Ribs, the Catfish bites, the Country Fried chicken and have even gone there for breakfast (My husband's favorite). We have always been given very generous portions and the food is consistently delicious. My husband raves about their Lip Smacking Ribs (another favorite dish). The servers are always very pleasant and accomodating. They now have Happy Hour every day from Noon-6pm. Appetizers and drinks are 1/2 off.Which will allow you to have more money for the slot machines :)Trust me, you won't be sorry you went. If I could give them 6 stars or more I would. You will definitely want to go back again. I hope this review is helpful to you.
2	Food was fine, could have been better. You couldn't taste the spinach in the spinach salad because it was drowning in dressing. Service was horrible. We brought in some promo cards someone handed to us just outside of the Mirage and it took 5+ minutes to fix the check. It also took forever to even get water let alone get a refill.  We won't go back and wouldn't recommend it either - Too many other options.
1	When BB King's first opened at Universal City, I was excited and looking forward to going.  Took one look at the menu and was totally pumped. However, as much as I loved the music, the food was a huge disappointment..  I chalked it up to being a new establishment and let it go.  I should have continued to let it go...BB Kings in Las Vegas was even worse than the one in Universal City (food wise).  Not only the food, but the service was terrible.  If I could give them a grade, they would get an F for the food and a D - - (minus, minus) for the service.  I'm actually shocked that some people have given this place five stars. They must be on the payroll...I ordered the whatever Rib Eye, cooked Medium, and got it well done to the point of it being reeeeeeaaaaalllly dry.  I felt like I was chewing glued saw dust wrapped in sand paper.  The mashed potatoes were uninspired... the string beans were equally coarse - yes those string beans were coarse.  To make matters worse, the corn bread was served cold.  I don't know anyplace, anywhere, that serves cold corn bread.So, after experiencing how dry my rib eye was I sent it back and got another one.  They kept my fork mind you and the corn bread. I guess that was punishment for me sending it back... when my plate returned with another rib eye - it had NO flavor... I dunno what cooking talent that is that makes a naturally flavorful rib eye, un-flavorable, but hey, that's saying something for the cook...   the initial bite into my rather cool (not hot) rib eye was cooked medium but the more I dived into it, the more well done (and dry) it was.  Please keep in mind we are not talking about a thick rib eye - the one they serve was about 1/2 inch.  It doesn't take that long to cook a rib eye that thin, so uh, er, hmmm, how did that get messed up... Geez...I'm sure the waitress was initially ready to help our party of 12, but she soon gave up being even remotely visible.  Short of coming back  to drop off the bills (separate checks) in one pile at the edge of the table, I, nor did our group see her again.  By the way, that, in and of itself is completely rude... fortunately for her, the tips were already calculated in the bill.  She would have gotten a plugged nickel for that one...I realize she's not the cook, but ensuring your table guests have what they need DOES make difference.  The fact that I had to wait for the manager to bring me a fork, another dinner guest request the plate of corn bread be warmed, got no refills on water, nor did I see anyone to ask, and practically had to walk to the bar myself and order another drink, all make my experience, combined with my other dinner guests, meal more of an unnecessary nuisance.  Consequently, I cannot, and would not recommend this place for anything.  When Yelp allows you leave a zero star, I'd give them that.The only reason I gave it one star was because the band was good.  Now if they could get their food to match, BB King's would be on to something...
4	I've been to the one in Memphis and this one wasn't QUITE as good but pretty close, especially for being in the middle of the vegas strip. It seems like a great music venue but the band wasn't playing when we were there. We had the fried pickles, which were great but a little greasy as you'd expect. The chili was fantastic, and I'd highly recommend it. I had the pulled pork sandwich and the pork was tender and had a good flavor without being too salty, the sauce was perfect with not too much sweetness like you'll sometimes get. The fries were good but not too memorable. Prices were a little higher than you'd expect but then again it's the Vegas strip so that's the case for just about everything.  Overall a good place to have a southern/BBQ meal that may not be quite Beale Street but pretty good anyway.
4	we came here once for happy hour sitting at the bar and enjoyed some chicken wings and potato skins, and a couple beers for a pretty good price.  wings and skins were 5 bucks each with the half off deal, which in my opinion is what they should cost normally.   both were tasty appetizers.  i do want to try the fried pickles.we also came for dinner and actually sat down in the restaurant.  we had a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com which always helps and we love to use when we come to vegas.  unfortunately our server was terrible.  he seemed really really flaky.  like someone found him off the street that day and said want to be a waiter and he said sure i got some time to kill.  in all honesty we were tempted not to use the gift certificate because we did not like the fact he was automatically going to get 18% tip because he didnt deserve that much.  but anyways the ribs i had were actually really good.  i love ribs, i get picky on them especially sauce, but it really came together well, and i would highly endorse ordering the ribs.  the prices are high of course, but we should know that when entering most strip restaurants.  if you want to eat a sitdown meal make sure to purchase the gift certificate during an 80% off promotion and get 25 bucks off for $2, otherwise i would stick to happy hour for economical sense.  ill probably end up making a point to make it a happy hour trip when im staying down towards that end of the strip.
1	Let me preface this review by saying that this is not a place I would have normally chosen for dinner. The food and service at themed chains tends to be lacking. The reason I chose BB King is from the reviews here on Yelp, and more importantly I had a $25 GC from restaurant.com that cost me $2. So, a bargain was in the making. Our waitress was prompt and quickly asked us for our drink order, a little to fast since we just sat down 12 seconds previously and had barely began to warm out seats. We quickly glanced at the beers and I ordered a Stella Artois and my wife asked 'which of the beers on tap are dark beers?" Our waitress did not have a clue and did not bother to check. Strike one. It was happy hour so we ordered an appetizer (1/2 price), the spinach dip to be precise. It arrived 15 min later with the salad that I ordered. The dip was spinachy enough, but mundane. The chips the dip came with were bagged,  so no excitement there. The salad was a handful of greens a pinch of cuc's and tomatoes. The dressing was served on the side in a plastic cup. Plastic is never cool in my book at a decent place. Within 30 seconds of receiving the spinach and salad, some unknown person brought us our entrees. I let this alien know that we had just received the other stuff and we were nowhere near ready for entrees. Strike 2, who wants to be rushed. About 5 minutes later someone else brought us our entrees. I guess they were in a hurry even though the place was 2/3 empty. So, we played the chess match with our dish's and received out entrees prematurely. My wife ordered the Cajun Chicken Carbonara. It was tasty enough, but the spiciness was barely detectable. It was OK, Cajun with a lower case 'c' I guess. I ordered the BBQ Chopped Pork platter. I knew I was in trouble from the start when all I could see was this tar or a substance covering a pile of meat that I was assuming was already dead. The pork was not BBQ'd at all as far as  I could tell. It had no smokiness to it and as it was so mushy I am assuming it was prepared in a pressure cooker, yuck. The tar like sauce was so think and sticky sweet, it overwhelmed the meat. This may have been a good thing and was intended.  And the sauce tasted bottled.  The two sides were cole slaw and BBQ beans, and both were served in those little plastic cups. Both tasted packaged/canned and were easily forgettable. The food was not good and for the price, a VERY poor value. Strike 3.  Will I return to BB King's? There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again. Unless the dinner was totally free. Never again.Addendum: I origanally posted this as a 2 star rating. However, upon furthur reflection I came to the conclusion that this place just plain sucked and should be avoided even if it is the last source of food in Las Vegas. Starvation is a freferable option.
3	Stopped in for breakfast the first day we were in Vegas. As we were waiting to be seated a couple got up and complained about their horrible service. Crap I thought, but our service was GREAT! We got seated right away. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. I got the One of A Kind: One Egg, one pancake, and one piece of apple wood smoked bacon. The bf got the BB King breakfast: 2 eggs, any meat (he opted for the Polish Kielbasa) and hash browns. It was just ok. I'd choose a different place for breakfast next time. Their music selection was great though! Now I'm curios about their dinner time.
1	WORST meal in Vegas - EVERSo, I ordered a salad that was missing three of five ingredients, then tried to send it back, but couldn't find my waiter.  I gave my meal to the waiter I could find, and she promised to get my order right.  15 minutes later, she came back with the same salad and apologized for running out of the toppings....I still can't believe she dropped my plate without telling me the kitchen ran out of 3 toppings for my salad - I would have ordered something else.  By the time she came back (approx 25 minutes later), my date was done eating.  We were charged a cover for live music, but none played for an hour.  I received my meal as the band began to play, and paid for my replacement meal - which I didn't enjoy... I don't plan to go back.  Note:  I recommended that they at least remove the live music cover from my bill since I didn't get to enjoy any live music - they honored my request.
2	Las Vegas is a town of gambling, but unfortunately BB King's Blues Club was a gamble that I took and lost horribly.  I was aware that this place had mediocre reviews, but since it was right across the street from where was I staying (Harrah's), I decided to give this place a chance.  I went here for an early breakfast and was craving Chicken and Waffles.  Boy was that a serious mistake.When the waitress presented my order I was really turned off by the presentation and how cheap it looked (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=m0tR4ibrsuJFQ_gEwUVgAA)  As you can see from the picture, it was really sad and not as described in the menu.  I didn't get a "6 oz golden fried chicken breast" but got fried chicken fingers instead.  What the hell??   The chicken fingers were dry but the waffle was ok.  But it was definitely not worth the $15.95.  You can actually pick this stuff up from the Flavors Buffet at Harrah's for a dollar less.It didn't really help that I had a $10 coupon from restaurant.com, but at least that made the meal more cheaper than I would've paid for it.  If you're hungry for breakfast, skip this joint and go to Hash House a Go Go.  You definitely get more for the same price.
2	Horribly expensive for what you get. I think we paid $9 for a yogurt parfait in a PLASTIC disposable cup for one of the kids, it looked exactly like what you'd get at Starbucks for about $3. No children's menu so you really wind up forking over major coin for the little ones. I had the eggs benedict ($15?) which was small and looked lost on my plate. Very sparse on the Hollandaise. Fairly inattentive service (which I see others have complained about).  Had a hard time finding someone to get us a "box" for the other child's bagel sandwich, which we weren't going to leave behind considering the prices.You only eat here if you're starving, stuck in the casino, and can't find anything better. The food is edible, but it has very few redeeming qualities overall.PASS!!
1	my disclaimer: i was only here because i was part of a large organized party and someone else made reservations.i suppose we should've worried when the restaurant called the day before to confirm our reservation, and then called the next day in the afternoon to confirm again.  then they called a half-hour before the reserved time and informed us that if 80% of the party wasn't there exactly on time, they were canceling the reservation.  then they informed the people who were there right on time that if the whole party wasn't there within the next 15 minutes, they were canceling the reservation (and then doing what? throwing everyone out?). in hindsight, we should've canceled after the way the night went.  the table placement was not exactly smart for a large group (why put us right in front of the giant-screen sporting event and piss off your customers who want to watch the game, not a bunch of people trying to talk?), and the poor server was the only one assigned to us AND another large party.  the food was...not horrible, but the word "meh" comes to mind.the kicker though, was that their computer was not working right, and it caused a huge problem with payment, as the guy paying for the meal had his debit -- not credit! -- card "rejected." of course then, they found out it was their fault, but only after a lot of weird drama and having to pay in cash.  then, when card-holding guy tried to replenish at the ATM, it rejected him...he checked his bank statement on line and saw the giant bill from BB King's charged SEVEN TIMES.  yes, seven times.  went back to resolve the issue and was initially told that it wasn't their problem because those charges were only "authorizations" and hadn't actually posted.  when it was explained that he couldn't get any cash, because their bogus "authorizations" had tied up all that money, it was suggested that he should just "call his bank."  finally a real manager appeared, but it took literally another hour to sort everything out...and that was after seeing that some of the "authorizations" even had different total amounts.  so sketchy.  ridiculous prices, ridiculously bad treatment, ridiculous use of their waitstaff.  the plus: well, the band rocked...
3	Stuck inside the Mirage we were staying, BB's was a nice surprise.  I love blues, I love BB King, and I love food.  How could this go wrong?After receiving much deserved Bloody Mary ($10, but they have bottomless for $20), I look at the menu...Chorizo burrito, sounds good.  Corned beef hash...i love that stuff. Biscuits n Gravy..too heavy for a plane ride home...What's this?  Chicken and Waffles? Jackpot.Served with hot sauce and syrup.  It was spicy and delicious.  Not enough waffle for me, but I am glad I ate it none the less.  Gladys Knight sells the Midnight Train in Atlanta, which is chicken and waffles.  Hers looks to be better, but I will take what I can get.  3 chicken tenders, a good size waffle, covered in butter, powdered sugar and syrup.  Don't forget the hot sauce. $15Wife got the regular breakfast.  eggs, meat, hash brown, biscuit.  Good.  not worth 13 bucks, but in Vegas, you are at a resort, therefore expect resort prices.Anyone complaining about price in Vegas is probably in the wrong place.Since we were staying here, we walked by twice at night to hear music in the club.  Both times sounded great.  Wish we had more time to hang out.
2	Our first night in Vegas we asked the concierge at our hotel to suggest someplace we could get a great burger. She sent us here for some reason. This is a typical casino restaurant, buried in the Mirage hotel. There were only 2 burgers on the menu, one a hickory barbecue burger and the other a cheeseburger. Both were mediocre. We did enjoy the sweet potato puffs as an appetizer. They were plentiful and served with a barbecue sauce. A live band started performing part-way through our meal. The singer was more of a Marvin Gaye than BB King, and the horns were frankly pathetic. I would have preferred the canned music. All in all, not a successful outing. The place is very dark, and the service was slow even though it wasn't crowded. This is a lesson not to ask a Vegas concierge for restaurant suggestions. I suspect they have other incentives than the pleasure of their guests.
3	3rd time back.  happy hr has gotten stingy.  no more sliders, chicken tenders taken off happy hr menu(now $10 all the time).  no more chicken & waffles.  happy hr drinks still a good deal.
4	This is a biased review because I was here for a work dinner and the company foot the bill.  I could see how people complain about the prices here but you know what?  BAM.  http://vegas4locals.com/couponbbkingsbluesclub.htmlBuy 1 get 1 free entree.  Happier?Our party of 12 got a table right by the stage and found out the band was going to start in 20 minutes.  Doesn't make it easy to talk about work does it?  Oh well..let's order some drinks!  Our marketing contact there, Rodney, was awesome. He just brought out massive plate samplers, entrees and more drinks!Sliced fried pickles were extremely addictive.  I actually had to pass the basket down the table to stop.  The ribs were really awesome.  Some of the best in Vegas..still not saying much but I really liked em!!  The pulled pork was also great.  Not a producive work dinner at all but everyone definitely enjoyed it!!After trying a few other things here, I strongly recommend anything that's from the pig.  SWINE FTW!!!!!  Can't wait to get the ribs again.  Forget the wings, chorizo or even breakfast for that matter...that's what Carnegie Deli is for if you're staying at Mirage.Ambiance was pretty Cadillac Ranchy. The band was rockin.  They at least gotta get that right if the place is named after a music legend.
2	Since we were staying at the Mirage - and we wanted some breakfast -but not feeling hungry enough for the buffet - yet, wanted more than a muffin and a coffee at Starbucks - we chose BB Kings mainly because it was close by and no wait.I was excited to see the chicken and waffles - I've always wanted to try chicken and waffles.   It wasn't anything as spectacular as you hear so many people rave about how great it was.    The chicken looked like chicken tenders you could get at a fast food joint -for this I paid $15?Now mind you, if it were good - I wouldn't be complaining.My husband had a yogurt parfait - that was a small cup of yogurt and a handful of granola for $10.  HUH?   Ok, people, I realize I'm in Vegas but come on - give me a little more here... don't make it SO obvious you are RIPPING me off...  it hurts when you do that!  LOL!There are so many other options to eat at in Viva Las Vegas- so really, skip this one...
4	Went at 10 pm the night before Thanksgiving... where an awesome blues band performed.  Really enjoyed that, even though I wasn't too thrilled that there was a cover charge (I think $5 per person, so nothing too bad).  I had the chili spaghetti, which was VERY filling so I didn't eat too much of it.  It did taste good, but not nearly as good as my date's meal - he got the chicken and waffles and I was in HEAVEN when I tried the chicken... SO delicious.  I'd go back to this restaurant just for that.You're looking at about 20 bucks a person, excluding drinks, at this joint.
3	Went there for a birthday party - the service was pretty ok. But the food serving was just unsatisfactory for the price. For the same price, I could have gotten a similar order but twice as much food. Nice location - but the kitchen needs to get on top of things.
4	Came here for lunch while in Vegas, and the place was fairly packed. It took us about 20 minutes to be seated, which was not too bad. I had the sampler platter which had all kinds of good stuff on it minus the fried pickles! The best thing on the platter was the fried catfish bites, those things were amazing. Id go back to BB Kings just for the catfish!The staff there was very nice and attentive and the prices were realitively cheap for Vegas. They have a good happy hour drink menu and with certain drinks you get to keep the glass. This was one of my favorite resturants in Vegas so if your in the Mirage check it out!
3	Went here tonight because friends visiting from the East Coast wanted to go and brought a $75 restaurant.com certificate along with them.  We had to spend $150 to get the discount.  That's not too hard to do here.  They're big eaters, so we had to keep up with them.  The four of us shared the sampler appetizer platter:  ribs, catfish, fried pickles, wings, and also a bowl of the sweet potato puffs.  Everything on the sampler platter was good, but the puffs were outstanding.  I try to never eat fried food, but couldn't resist these.I ordered the filet mignon medium rare.  It was delivered medium well, and was dried out and awful.  I sent it back and got what my friend ordered - the bbq salmon over creamed corn, adorned with shrimp.  The shrimp were good-sized and cooked right.  The salmon would have been good, but the creamed corn - hell, they weren't kidding about the cream.  This was Heart Attack on a plate, with enough cream to clog the arteries of a tri-athlete.  That, combined with the sweetness of the corn and the gloppy barbecue sauce, AND the fat content of the andouille sausage mixed in for good measure, made this way too rich for me.  My friend loved it, though!My husband's hanger steak, ordered medium, came well-done.  That was fine for him, since he only orders steaks medium because I force him to.  The other guy had pork chops, and he liked them.  I should have gotten them, too, because they looked like they didn't have any heavy sauce on them.  What really pissed me off, though, was that my husband didn't want the collard greens that came with his steak, and asked if he could substitute green beans.  The waiter said there'd be a $2 extra charge.  Why?  Both are listed as sides at the same charge.  This kind of niggling crap really pushes my buttons, 'cause it's unnecessary.After pigging out on all that food, our friends wanted dessert, so we went along for the ride.  I had the banana bread pudding, and it was a very large portion.  I love bread pudding, but am usually disappointed.  Not this time - it really was good.  And I'll be eating the leftovers for the next three days.The band - Greg Garland, I think, or something close - was really, really talented.  But I detest loud music, always have, and especially when having dinner with friends and can't have a conversation.  When I finally threw in the towel and decided that talk was out and music was in, I did enjoy it.  I think all musicians have gone deaf and can't hear the volume of what they're playing.The service was spotty - good sometimes, and infuriatingly slow at other times. All in all, we had an entertaining evening.  Tomorrow we'll find a quiet cafe to take them to, so we can finally talk.
2	went here because we had a free drink coupon....Service SUCKED!!!!  The only reason this review is getting two stars is because the food was not that bad.  The restarant had had more emplyees than customers, but is still took forever to get our drinks......we were sitting right next to the bar, so I was able to time the bar tender.....wow there were two of them and they were both SLLLOOOOWWWW..... There was no music, It was the afternoon so I did not expect LIVE music, but someone could have plugged in the IPod and payed some blues for ambience!!  Would I go again.....Probably not unless I absolutely needed a fried pickle fix....
1	IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR OVER PRICED, SEVEN DOLLAR JUICE, EXTREMELY SLOW SERVICE, AND HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, BB KINGS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!!!After eating here in August (yes August, and it is now December), I will never give them my business again. I write to you months later because this is how long the dispute has been going on for, and still no one from their company has called to settle it. This past august my family stayed at the Mirage. BB Kings was the only breakfast place, so we gave it a shot. After finishing my breakfast (an egg dish) and my orange juice, my party received the check. My eyes bulged as I saw the mediocre orange juice I had just finished was SEVEN DOLLARS. Listen, I am a Los Angeles girl (born and raised), and anyone who knows me knows I am not opposed to spending money on a good meal. In this instance however, next to being sprinkled with gold, this orange juice was no where near being worth seven dollars. Before speaking to someone I checked a menu to make sure it wasn't me who had bypassed the price listed, but surprise surprise, there WERE no drink prices listed. Here's where the great customer service comes in. After speaking to a manager, I was asked if my waitress had warned us that the juice was seven dollars at this establishment. Clearly my answer was no. She apologized, voiced that they were supposed to inform all customers of this cost, and that she would comp "the entire bill." Sounds like a good compensation, and like I always say, it's about how an establishment handles problematic occurrences that sets their bar. I had washed my hands of the whole ordeal, or so I thought. Finally I received my monthly credit card bill, and here's where the dilemma began. BB Kings and their great accounting department charged me for the whole meal and then comped me for the meal. Sounds good right? It was Void. But later down in the bill another charge for the entire cost of the meal was on my statement. Despite the easy math, no one at the restaurant could comprehend the problem with these charges. If you charge someone twice and comp them once, YOU ARE STILL CHARGING THEM! After sitting on the phone with several managers at BB Kings, explaining the entire experience several times over, and being told that someone would be in touch with me within a day, I figured it had to click for SOMEone on their end. Well that was in September...so you do the math.I have yet to hear from anyone.I WON'T BE GIVING THEM MY BUSINESS ANY TIME SOON
4	Located at the Mirage Hotel & Casino next to the Revolution Bar and Lounge.  As you walk in, you get a unique Southern vibe, I haven't seen anywhere yet. They had live performers throughout the night. Music: 4/5 StarsIf you like music and blues, you should definitely check it out because the group was pretty entertaining and I really enjoyed the music. I came here twice and they played their own songs as well as hits from the past, which was really entertaining.  Food: 4/5 Stars1) The roasted chicken was cooked thoroughly and surprisingly juicy. It was lightly coated with a delicious BBQ sauce that didn't overwhelm the roasted chicken. 2) The Ribs weren't the best ribs I've had, but they're up there in my ranking of southern ribs.  Again, some of their own sweet and savory BBQ sauce was coated on the ribs as well.3) Cajun carbonara - cajun ziti pasta with chicken. The sauce was a bit thick, but it wasn't too oily, which i liked.  I REALLY enjoyed the garlic bread that was served with the pasta. It was a thick piece of bread, but it was soo soft that it felt like I was holding a cloud. I'm gonna have to order another side of that. Service: 5/5 StarsOur server was awesome. She was really friendly, helped us pick out good items and they were actually good. Manager was around to check on our needs, which was really cool.Recommendations: Come here for drinks during happy hour from 12pm-6pm and to listen to music. .
4	My family and I went this past Christmas Eve for dinner.  The food was excellent!  Everything we had was more than satisfying.  My mom and I had the catfish which was great!  It was seasoned perfectly and it was a huge helping.  My father had the salmon and my niece had some sort of shrimp dish.  All of us LOVED our food.  And for dessert we had this brownie sundae that was a big enough portion that we all could share it.  It had four full-sized brownies topped with ice cream and all the works.  Towards the end of our meal a live band began to play.  So we spent another hour just having drinks and listening to this great singer and his band!  And by now, the place was packed...people were up dancing, and it wasa really fun and lively atmosphere.  It's great for older and younger people.  My parents had just as good of a time as my 22 year old niece.I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
2	I was there with my mom and BF just after New Year's. We were going to eat dinner there but the host said there was a wait with no reservation (we didn't see the inside of the club) so we bought it and had dinner elsewhere. Mom still wanted to hear live music so we came back and again they said there was nothing available without a reservation. But we could sit at the tiny bar counter. We sit at the counter and see at least a dozen EMPTY TABLES. Finally, for s**** and giggles I pull up my Open Table App and guess what? There was a reservation available so I made one and walked up to the hostess saying "We have a reservation, can we get a table now?"We got seated, had a few drinks, the server was OK, but this place is nothing special and the BS about needing a reservation is REALLY stupid.The live music was entertaining but not amazing. In fact the female lead singer missed some of the words and a few high notes.MIGHT go back with a coupon if I have my Open Table app working :-/So 1 star for the overall experience, another for the fact I now know Open Table works well on the Android phone I have which is great for traveling.
3	We went to BB Kings Blues Club hoping to .....hear blues or jazz.  Instead we watched playoff games.  Yippeee?? THe band started to warm up as we were getting ready to leave. Very disappointed but our waitress was GREAT!!
2	I swear this place used to better so when I saw a coupon on restaraunt.com for it I swooped it up. We werent staying at the mirage and went out of our just to get here. Shoulda saved the money on the cab and the rest of our food. Seriously why is this crappy food so expensive. I had the gumbo which wasnt bad but also not good. It was a small step up from campbells soup gumbo. She had the catfish po boy and it was served with about two french fries and the roll looked like the crappiest little hoagie roll ever. She said it was good. We also had fried pickles which are kinda gross.I used to like this place and it was a good to get something cheap at their happy hour when staying at the mirage. Dont travel out of your way for this one with a coupon its not worth it all.
3	This place has a great vibe to it. The service is pretty friendly but my complaint would be that it is too slow. The live bands at 7pm is a hit! the food is pretty good. The mac and cheese is a bit too creamy and thick for me and the fried pickles are wayyyy to salty!! The catfish is pretty good too. Overall, I wouldn't come back but this place is pretty good for bing a Memphis experience.
3	Well the music is awesome as you would expect from a place bearing BB Kings name. The sound is great and there is a nice sized dance floor.  I would consider this to be a more upscale Blues Club suitable for a first date.  We only had a sampling of the food.  The ribs are also very tender and the sauce had a nice tang on it. They have a few drink specials where you get a drink shot or beer in a souvenir glass.  I would shy away from the shot specials them seem to be nothing more than fruit juices to me...very , very little hint of alcohol in the one I had. I would have to rate the service as marginal. Be prepared to her your own drinks from the bar if they are busy. When you are served the staff is attentive the challenge is getting someone to help you. We went on two nights a Tuesday and Friday the crowd seems to be about the same size on both nights.  On Tuesday and we were helped right away however on Friday and never got server by a waitress. We were told the waitress was  overloaded. There were only 5  occupied tables in her section.   If the music wasn't so damn good we might  have left.
3	The ribs were surpisingly good and the service was decent. Nothing too spectacular just decent and the price was ok.
1	This place is a friggin joke.Unforunately I went twice.  First during happy hour and another for breakfast.For happy hour, I asked our waiter what they had on draft after he said they were 16oz.  He went down the list, and then I ordered a bud light (lame and watery, i know).  Bud of mine just sucked it up for 4 oz less and got a bottle of miller lite.  Happy hour prices for $5?  ridic.So, what in the hell does this guy bring me?  A bottle of bud light.  I informed him I thought I had ordered a draft, and then he has the balls to say that it's practically the same as a draft.  So, to "PROVE" his point, he brings a glass and pours it in and has the audacity to say that "the rest would be head with a draft".  Don't get into an argument over beer with a college grad from the south, son.  I know bullshit when I see and hear it.  Neither of us were overly hungry, so we split the nachos from the half off appy selection.  they were ok.  nothing great.  Overall, it was a complete shit show because of the service.  That, and this is not a fancy restaurant.  So, WHY did I go back the next morning with the rest of the group?  Because I wasn't hungry (see: Carnegie Deli) from the night before and everyone else went.  I just ordered a side of hashbrowns.  $4.  Yes, four bucks.  Same size you get at Cracker Barrel.  Get me out of here.had I known there were restaurant.com certificates, i would have used those, but even with them, we're talking mediocre quality.  not impressed, and would never go back.
1	Would give it less if possible!First had to pay a cover charge to see a random band perform during half our dinner. If they are going to charge a cover they could at least perform throughout the night.Next the food. My wife had the Cajun carbenara, it was bland and flavorless. Even the garlic toast was bland. My BBQ chicken and ribs weren't bad, but not worth the $23 it cost.Finally the cost, we had a $25 coupon (which is why we went in the first place) and for dinner for two and 1 drink each our bill was still $60. That's right, the original bill prior to the coupon was $85. This absolutely wasn't worth it. I thought bland soul food was an oxymoron until I ate here. My advice, just don't go to this place.
4	My fiance and I went here on Sunday to watch the Super Bowl. For $99 we got all you can drink beer and well drinks and an all you can eat buffet during the game. The place was pretty crowded but we found great seats at one of their bars. The drinks were good and our bartender kept up with our drinking. They had a decent selection of food also. Their hamburger sliders and pork sliders were soooo good. We're already planning on going back next month to have dinner when we go to get married. Can't wait!
1	So apparently someone working at BB Kings keeps up with the Yelp reviews and will send you a message apologizing for a lackluster experience.I was offered a $25 gift certicate (the kind you can buy from restaurant.com for $2 several times a month) and a free t-shirt for "reconsidering" my review.What exactly am I supposed to reconsider?  I informed the mystery worker that I appreciated their offer and would give them another chance should they send the the certificate, but I would not change my review until I dined there again since it wouldn't be fair to anyone else reading these reviews.Three weeks later, and I've received no reply or mail from BB Kings.  Oh, and for what it's worth, I've heard that their Happy Hour is currently cancelled.
3	Concert going on tonight. Loud but bluesy. Overall the food was good. Be sure to see the concierge at the Mirage to get a discount.  Service was good considering the amount of people were there.
2	Just not worth your time or money.I'm from the south, and the thought of having some good southern-cooked food sounded great for our Valentine's Day lunch.  I ordered the catfish dinner.  The catfish was good, but the hushpuppies were less than stellar, the fries were cold, and the slaw was "OK".My date ordered the grilled Mahi-mahi.  The fish was tough (not flaky as it should have been).  The sauce was good, but not enough of it.  The rice was great.  The green beans were a big disappointment.  As I said, I'm from the south.  We like our green beans COOKED, with a touch of bacon and maybe some onion.  These green beans were, as our waitress told us, cooked "al dente" - way too crunchy - almost raw.The beer taps were not working, so no draft beer - only bottled.To top it off, the mood in the place made me feel like I was at a funeral.  The hostess was gruff.  The other customers looked mad/sad.  Our waitress was nice enough, but the service was incredibly slow.  There were a lot of people working there, and not that many customers - so I couldn't quite understand the lack of attention.I was really hoping that I would like this place.  I love southern cooking, and there's nothing better on a Friday or Saturday night than a rocking blues bar.  But this is not the place for that.  I'll just have to wait until I'm back down south - or perhaps head over to the MGM and eat at Emeril's.Sorry, BB King.  Love your music, but your club is a no-go.
1	Totally mismanaged. Showed up on the night of Valentine's Day at 8:00 and was told they were not taking anymore reservations and no longer had availability for walk-ins. The line going to the entrance was pretty long. I went onto my iPhone and used OpenTable to make a reservation for 8:30. I came back at 8:30 and they made us wait until nearly 9:00. By that time, they were chasing others away. When we were finally seated, we realized the place was dead. I couldn't believe all of the open tables. Then I thought that maybe they were just understaffed. That wasn't the case either. Our waiter came over to us and just stared at us as if he was expecting us to ask a question. Maybe he was mentally trying to ask if we wanted something. I mentally tried telling him to F- Off and I think he heard me. I felt bad for those people who were told they were sold out. They were lied to. It's a shame because the Memphis All Stars were actually a really good band. Only in Vegas can you have a wedding reception at BB Kings and have the Memphis All Stars as your wedding band. To the management--- sorry guys, it's BB Kings, not Studio 54.
4	This is NOT a review of the food. The live music is great! Didn't have any food, but the experience was incredible. The musicians were extremely talented. If you're a fan of live music, you should definitely come here on Friday nights.
4	I went to BB's last week and I really enjoyed the live band that was playing.  Def. a great place for people that love Southern cooking.  My best friend loved the collard greens.  Make sure you get reservations so they can wave your cover charge.
4	I just dig this place.  Cool, live music.  Good food.  Nice ambiance.  It's all good here.I had the BBQ Pork Sandwich and it was good.  Not the best I've ever had, but you put the whole package together, and it was totally solid.
4	I love BBQ, so I was VERY nervous as I sat down at BB King's Blues Club since chain restaurants rarely serve the kind of BBQ that is the focus of my dreams for weeks. Now, even though BB King's was not the best BBQ I've ever had (you have to go to holes in the wall restaurants that are strewn across the south to find true BBQ joy), for what it is worth, BB King, you made a valiant effort!I have eaten the following:Pile of Nachos with BBQ Pulled PorkHickory BurgerCarolina BBQ SalmonBBQ ChickenBBQ RibsBaked Beans2 visits and I was satisfied each time. The first time the service was a little shaky but quickly improved as the night went on. Even though it was busy, our waters were rarely empty and the napkins kept on coming! The second time we went there our server was wonderful. She was very friendly and GREAT at suggesting dishes.First Visit: The Pile of Nachos were mediocre, nothing amazing. The BBQ pork on the nachos was pretty good, and the jalepenos on the side definitely helped the matter! take this review with a grain of salt since I'm not a huge fan of cheese sauce - I like the real stuff!The BBQ chicken/ribs: I'm sensitive about my BBQ sauce. I don't want too much on the chicken or ribs, not too sweet, not too much of a vinegar punch and with either a subtle or boot-knocking kick. BB King's sauce may have been a little sweet, but they do caramelize their meats PERFECTLY with the sauce! The ribs and chicken had a good bark on them and none of the food was greasy or too fatty. No major spice here, but the bark makes up for it. The baked beans that came on the side of this dish were a little sweet as a side dish for an already sugary dish, but they had a nice subtle smokey flavor and a great texture. Hickory Burger: My boyfriend at this burger, so I can't tell you exactly how it tasted, but we both have an incredible, insatiable love for burgers. Coming from Chicago (the Home of Kuma's Korner), we know our burgers, so when the man says it's one of the better burgers he has had since moving to Vegas, it has to be good! He said a lot of it had to do with the sauce and the perfectly cooked medium-rare center. I love it that Vegas still lets you cook your burgers medium-rare! He devoured this burger in record time and looked longingly at the plate after it was gone.Carolina BBQ Salmon: I saved the best for last. There is food in this world that puts a smile on my face whenever I think about the smell, taste and afterglow. This dish sends a surge of happiness up my spine and smacks my brain around for a few minutes whenever I think about it. The salmon was cooked perfectly. It wasn't overcooked, rubbery, too raw (even though I wouldn't have minded) or plain. The BBQ sauce on the fish was subtle, definitely not overpowering and once again, the bark made it scrumptious. The best part? They say that it is on a bed of creamed corn. I am sure many people thought of the scary, rubbery substance that would crawl out of the can and unnaturally jiggled in the serving bowl on the dinner table. This was a spicy cream sauce with a dash of corn made even more AMAZING by andouille sausage. If you haven't had andouille sausage, please find a local grocery store that sells it and make some jambalaya or even throw it on the grill. It is SPECTACULAR. This dish had enough calories to last me the entire week, but hey, there's a reason why I work out 6 days a week!All together, I enjoyed BB King's. I will definitely go there again. The music during my first visit was great. They gave you a free drink voucher if you paid cover to get into the restaurant and you can go to www.restaurant.com and get a discounted $25, $50 or $100 coupon. I would go even without either of those discounts and get that salmon again tonight if my heart didn't shudder at the thought of all that buttery, spicy, savory cream sauce...Mmmm...cream sauce...
2	I think the problem might have been our expectations!  I went to dinner with my parents...none of us had been there.  We thought it was going to be like Lucille's...Maybe this is poor deduction skills on our part...BB King named his guitar Lucille so we thought the this was going to be like Lucille's in the Green Valley District.  We thought maybe the places had something to do with each other.  If they do, someone dropped the ball!  Lucille's never disappoints...Not the case with BB Kings.  We had time to look at the menu and decide what we wanted before someone came to take our drink/food order.  It was minimum 35 minutes before we saw our food.  Really poor service.  She never came back to check on us.  No refills.  Once our food finally got there...the most helpful person working there was the food runner.  We never saw our waitress again until it was time to drop off the bill.  Then we thought she got lost because we didn't see her again for quite some time before we got our card back.As far as the food goes...the sauce is good.  But you have to ask for an extra side of BBQ sauce.  There isn't a bottle on the table.  No extra flavors...only their house sauce.  My dad liked his ribs.  My mom and I split the chicken and ribs combo.  In my opinion, the chicken was dry and the ribs were too fatty.  Cornbread was pretty good though.There is nightly music there.  It was a good band....however, it gets really loud in there.  Unless you are going specifically to listen to the music...don't go because you won't be able to have a conversation.  Unless you plan on yelling at each other!  Also another warning for people who may not know this...if you are at a restaurant while there is live entertainment, they can charge you entertainment tax, which is usually 18%.  Definitely adds to the bill.  My mom went to the gift shop to get a magnet...that $6 magnet was also charged with the 18% entertainment tax.  Not planning on going back...not worth the prices.  There's too plenty of other great places to eat at the Mirage, other Strip properties or local places.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant!  I made a reservation on OpenTable.com.  I was a little annoyed at first that they didn't tell me that there was cover to get into the restaurant because there was live music but the band was so good that it was well worth it.  The ribs, beans and collard greens were absolutely delicious.  Our waiter was very nice.  I only wish they had had a few more beer choices.
3	Typical theme restaurant. Had a good opener of sausage and cheese followed by a chicken salad would eat here againGood live entertainment too.
2	Just came here for breakfast, and I have to say, you can do a lot better. First of all our waiter was half asleep the entire time. We barely saw him and even when he was there, he really wasn't. I got the breakfast special (which by the way is not on the menu) which was eggs, toast and hashbrowns for $9.95. Okay, not great, the eggs tasted kinda fake, the toast was tasteless, hashbrowns were good. My mom got the spinach and mushroom omelette, which was the best item ordered, very good. My sister got the yogurt parfait and the fruit cup, which was just awful. All the fruit was either out of season and therefore unripe and flavorless (i.e. cantalope and honeydew melon that taste like cardboard) and worst of all, they used frozen berries, both in the fruit bowl and the parfait, which was just plain wrong. $12 for a fruit parfait that has frozen berries in it?! Ridiculous! If you're staying here at the mirage, take a little walk to the McDonalds or Denny's for breakfast, don't waste your money here.
3	place going bankrupt, they scaled back the happy hr items, now happy hr completely gone.  this place is pricey w/out happy hr.   they just trying to sell some expensive cocktails & entrees before closing their doors.  good while it lasted.  you would enjoy dining/drinking here if money's not important to you.
3	The music sways between a 4 and 5 star rating at all times. Unfortunately, management constantly sacks bands, brings in others, changes band personnel and generally screws up the vibe. They've had some great ones that have had the place packed and jumpin'. Too bad they keep jackin' with the formula.As for the bar/ restaurant, 2 stars... A few of the hostesses have been good, but there's a very notable pair of them who are down-right rude. The bar staff are all efficient and friendly, as are the wait staff. The food ranges from mediocre to nearly inedible. Everything is so over-salted that you almost forget how over-priced their drinks are and flag the waitress down for another. I'm from the midwest, where we salt our fruit and anything else that doesn't move, and it's WAY too salty for me.I was at the press opening and had a great time. The music was fantastic and the food was great as well. The bar and wait staff did an amazing job. I do believe too many cooks (managers) are spoiling B.B.'s soup.
4	I had an early morning breakfast this past Tuesday.  I love the interior of this restaurant.  Beautiful artwork on the dining tables, great soul music playing in the background, and very laid back atmosphere.  I think the restaurant opens at 6:30 a.m. and I arrived shortly after 7 a.m. so it wasn't crowded at all.  The server, I can't remember his name, was okay.  It took him a little while to greet me and he wanted to take my breakfast order right away.  He did not give good eye contact and just wasn't pleasant at all.  I told him to take my drink order and when he comes back I'll give my breakfast order.  I guess he figured since it took him so long to greet me, I'd be ready. Anyway, I ordered the chicken and waffle.  The food arrived pretty fast.  I knew before I took my first bite that it was going to be good.  The waffle was a beautiful golden brown, the chicken looked like it was fried to perfection with just the right color and crispiness.  On the side were generous portions of butter, maple syrup, and hot sauce.  I cut a small piece of chicken, dipped it in the hot sauce and ate it with an equal size piece of waffle.  It was so good! I was happy I decided to eat here this morning. I love the combination of chicken and waffles, but not everyone does it right.  Well, BB King's Blues Club does it right!  I cannot wait to come back and eat at this place.  Yeah, the service was a bit spotty, but I'll just chalk it up to one person having a bad morning.  On my next rip to Vegas, I'll come in the evening when they have live music.  Good eats and good music - I'm all over that!
4	I went here for lunch and I have to say that it was pretty damn good. They had the Masters showing on a HUGE screen which made the two men I was with very happy. We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer... a little on the salty side but very yummy w/ a nice kick to them!  Two of us ordered the catfish poboy - loaded with fish nuggets and the fries were great. The third of 'us' ordered a bowl of the jumbo-yaya. It had great flavor but we all agreed needed a little kick - probably just needed a little tabasco but there wasn't any on the table and we just didn't think to ask.  Service was great! Two of us was re-hydrating on H2O and our water glass was never empty.
4	This review is based on my breakfast I had here one morning and the few glasses of wine I was able to enjoy here at the bar the night before.I really wish I could have spent some more time at this place. I absolutely love the hip bluesy, laid back, loungy atmosphere and could imagine it must be a fun place to kick back on an evening before hitting the rest of the town.Sunday morning and limited to the selection of breakfast choices to go to and not craving to go back to the not so delectable Cravings buffet option we chose before, this seemed to be our last, but decent resort.I was seated promptly and given my much needed coffee immediately. I ordered an omelet with Swiss cheese, bell peppers, onions and sausage.It arrived within a timely manner appearing fluffy and deliciously appealing. I then noticed it was ham instead of sausage in the omelet( I don't like to be too picky but I really don't like ham) so I told the waitress, she apologized politely and had another one remade.Come to find out it was sausage just a different kind and the chef actually came out (no, not to strangle me) but to show me a display of different sausages how they are and what I would like to use. She was extremely professional and extremely polite.She gladly remade it and brought it out to me. The omelet was seriously a fluffy, flavorful goodness. Savory flavor in each delectable bite and cooked to perfection. Yeah I know, that rave over an omelet, I just have to give praise to those who can make simple things outstanding.My experience the night before was nice; wine was nothing special though, the service we received from the bar tender was sincere, friendly and prompt.Definitely will make a trip back to this place again:)
5	Loved BB Kings at the Mirage!  The energy of the music is the best.  The food and  the drinks are great.  But what really made the two visits to BB Kings 5 stars on our recent trip to Vegas (and Mirage) was definitely our fantastic server Heidi!  She was attentive, helpful with suggestions, friendly, and had a great attitude.  She is a real asset to the BB Team and we look forward to seeing her on our next trip.   Again; the music was bluesy and very cool.  Grant Garland was unbelievable with his vocals and guitar  and the All Star Blues Band was perfect.  Loved it and can't wait to return.
5	My husband and I ate here for breakfast and it was sooooooooo worth it!  I had the cajun pork chops and eggs (dont judge me, it's vegas!) and he had the country fried steak and eggs.  I had a restaurant.com certificate, so we had to run up the bill, so we ordered beers with our breakfasts (again, it's vegas!)  had we not had the certificate, this breakfast would still be worth it... it's that good. the gravy on my husband's CFS was more perfect than perfect... although a bit on the pricy side without certificate, it was still as good as it gets for breakfast! i can't vouch for any  other time though..
4	All I can definitively say is that I absolutely adore their full-rack of bbq ribs!! The fries are just eh, as is their mac and cheese and cornbread. The wait staff was not too nice. The music can be annoying and loud if you are sitting too close, as we were. Too dark and solemn ambiance for my taste (but what could I expect, it is a BLUES club).But those BBQ ribs brought me back twice in only a 3 day trip! It's expensive at $27 BUT I had one of those 2-fers coupons so that made it aawesome.And I plan to go at least once (maybe twice) on my next trip in May. Difference is, I stayed at Mirage last time but now I will be as far as Mandalay but STILL making that trek.
2	My husband and I visited BB King's Blues Club on a Thursday night. This restaurant is inside The Mirage close to the Buffet. We arrived at around 6:30 and JUST missed a line/wait. We didn't have reservations so we were seated at a high-top table. The hostess gave us a heads-up that the live music would start at 7pm. We ordered an Iced Tea and a tall draft beer. Beer was kind of expensive, but typical for a casino restaurant. Our server Dee was a sweetheart and gave excellent service! Quick, friendly and didn't forget anything we asked. We started with an order of Fried Pickles. FYI - they're pickle slices, not spears. The dipping sauce was good, and my husband really enjoyed them. I prefer fried SPEARS because you have less breading to eat, but over all, they were ok. Husband ordered the catfish dinner and I had a chicken salad. I know, so silly to order a salad at a southern BBQ style restaurant, but I just wasn't feeling fried foods, tons of bread, french fries or heavy mashed potatoes. My salad was good. Fresh mixed greens, fresh toppings. My only issue was the chicken. I could tell it was previously grilled, then let to cool, sliced and then reheated for my order. Bummer. Husband enjoyed the catfish dinner. Decent hush puppies, nice sized fish fillets, good fries. Overall we would say it was ok. Not amazing, not an authentic homemade southern food delicacy. We might go again if someone else chose to go here and invited us, but I wouldn't seek this place out again for dinner.
3	This place is huge and still doesn't have a bathroom.  It is what it is.  It's a bar that serves bar food.  I had the Sausage and Cheese plate.  It was ok.  My wife had the Corn Husk tamale and green beans.  Again, just ok.  Our friends had a pork BBQ and a Filet Mignon.  Both said they were good.Not much atmosphere.  Food is average.  I've had worse though.
2	I went here with my husband last night (a Wednesday). I first want to mention that we are both vegetarians, so I won't be the best person to listen to regarding entrees. I had a restaurant.com certificate and since my husband loves blues music I thought it would be fun to go order some drinks and appetizers and listen to the live band. In order to even get into the restaurant, we had to pay a $5 pp cover charge. (I don't remember ever paying a cover charge to go eat at House of Blues while they had live music...have things changed?) Well, we said, we had already made a special trip to get there. We paid $10 and sat down. Our server was very nice and helpful, but after "love" let out the place filled up and service came to a standstill. We ordered the fried pickles, nachos, mac n cheese, and strawberry shortcake. The pickles were so salty I couldn't eat them (unless I wanted to head straight to the doctor for blood pressure medicine), the mac n cheese was eh, and the cake in the strawberry shortcake was soggy. The nachos were good but they didn't have BBQ sauce on them like the menu stated, and we were for some reason charged an extra dollar for cheese. Extra for cheese on nachos? Service was at a halt by the time we got our check so we didn't feel like arguing over the extra dollar... I guess I can't complain much. In all, I would say that if you are looking for a lounge experience to drink and listen to music- this place is great. Draft beer is $10 for the first glass and $2 for refills, a good deal if you don't have to drive home like we did. The band was pretty good too. If you are going to eat dinner, be prepared for some "ok" food and not being able to hear the people at your table over the live music.
2	2.8 stars. Kitchen seems to emphasize quantity over quality. Was hoping for a more Southern-themed menu but offerings seemed fairly standard, boring presentation. Chicken & waffles wasn't overly impressive - chicken was v. tender, lightly breaded, paired w/a standard Belgian waffle. Omelette was gigantic, portioned to share.Breakfast menu here: https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http://www.mirage.com/files/bb_kings_blues_breakfast_menu.pdf&pli=1FYI bankruptcy dispute 2/25/11http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2011/feb/25/bankrupt-blues-club-mirage-invoicing-dispute/
5	This review is solely for the bar! It was pretty crowded when my friend & I stopped by but luckily someone just left. Mainly only came here because of the giant blue moon neon sign. Bartenders were friendly. Beer was cold. I'm happy! There's also a menu that looks quite drunkchie-friendly but NO TATER TOTS! Sad! (They do have sweet potato puffs? But I'm not a sweet potato fan)
4	Their bbq ribs were great.   Good music and relaxing atmosphere.  Very good service.  Great place to go before or after a show.
5	Great food. My party each got a different dish and we all ended up sharing. We got the pork chops, ribs, pulled pork, chicken fried chicken. Amazing. The band is great too. They play a lot of good songs and add a few touches to keep it interesting. I would recommend this place without a doubt. Dessert was amazing too and the portions are generous. The Banana bread pudding is out of this world. Our waiter was also very funny, friendly, and very prompt.
2	A group of us had breakfast here one morning and I thought the prices were ridiculous. I should have looked at the prices, but didn't think orange juice was going to cost $7! Yes, a glass of orange juice was $7. It didn't taste fresh squeezed or had anything special in it? Was this juice mixed by David Copperfield? Were the oranges grown by Celine Dion? Who knows?? Along with this magical orange juice, I had the BB King Breakfast plate, which came with 2 eggs, 2 sausages, 2 meat patties, 2 bacon and 2 pancakes. I ordered a side of hash browns as well and no, I wasn't able to finish it. The hash browns were super oily, the eggs were slightly undercooked, but the pancakes were delicious. Breakfast ended up costing me $31. I should have went to the Bellagio buffet for $16 all you can eat instead. Ah well, what can you do... now I know not to eat here in the future.
5	Still amazingly awesome. I went again in May,and this visit certainly sent them over the top *for taste*! I was in-between shows and trying to catch a meal so I ended up eating only a little and wrapping it up to go. A few hours later when I got back to my hotel room, I ate the leftovers. And the leftovers tasted as good or even better than when I got it fresh! Crazy!! I just love their BBQ Ribs!!! Tender, awesome sauce, and enough meat. Again, I will be going for my August trip. But this time, unlike my trips on the Strip, I will be downtown and STILL making that trek.
4	The ribs are awesome but the service is just ok, people are really nice but you may not see your waiter/waitress for long periods of time. The atmosphere is cool if you like live music and something different. I have been 3 times and will probably go again!
3	Had dinner there today.  No one charged us a cover to eat at 5pm.Server was good as there were 12 of us. No problem splitting the check since I asked before we ordered.Food was good but pricey ...Glass of reisling wine $9BBQ salmon $26 - excellent - was served with a cream corn sauce, included 4 large shrimp and thin crispy onionsGarlic bread $4.5018% tip since we were a large group8.1% clark county taxMy grand total was just under $50Would only go back for drinks or a special occasion if someone else wanted to go... too pricey for me to be a regular here.
4	I wasn't expecting much but the food was good.  When the band is playing it can be load so if that's an issue, sit back towards one of the bars.  There is a cover in the evening of $5 but i found coupons in one of the handouts.  Compared to some of the other prices the Mirage it is a good value
4	Good food.  Great live music.  Fairly reasonably priced, although a bit pricier than I expected.  Also, a $10 cover.For food, it's about what you would expect for a blues restaurant located in a tourist trap like Las Vegas.  Not that that's a bad thing.  The music was very loud, but the band that happened to be playing that night was very good so I didn't mind all that much that I wasn't able to talk to people sitting a few feet from me without yelling.  Also pretty cool: good music during intermissions, including the biggest impromptu Cha Cha Slide I've seen in quite awhile.Overall, if you're into blues music and you're looking for a dinner place that isn't too pretentious like so many others in Vegas, you could do much worse than this place.
4	I came here for breakfast and it was the standard fare. The food was good and the waiter was very nice. Overall I liked this place.
4	Ate the "Dinner Show Package" as a part of the Terry Fator tickets.  Good dinner, nothing gourmet or outrageous, but nothing bad either.  SPICY Cajun Carbonara (too spicy for me even though the waitress said it wasn't very spicy - subjective tastebuds).  Deeelish Banana bread pudding.  Excellent, friendly service!  I don't have a clue about anything else.  We were there to eat and run.  Would be cool to hear the music there the next time we're in town.
4	If I had paid a cover I might only be giving this place 3 stars. Luckily for me, the concierge at my hotel gave us passes for free cover and free appetizers/drink (with purchase of entree/drink).I suppose between the 4 of us we saved $40 on cover plus $18.99 on one drink and one appetizer. Not too shabby. Ask your concierge!The food was good but not great. Definitely tasty, though. I was really impressed by the service; our waiter was attentive and friendly. My stoli and soda was fine: not too strong, not too weak.The music was kind of like the food: good but nothing to write home about. Competent musicians, good singers, reasonably easy on the eyes.For me the service tipped this review into the 4-star category.
2	Stopped here for breakfast one morning during our recent stay in Vegas.  Food was average as were portions,  decent enough but nothing special.  Wait staff was ok,  nothing special.  Doubt I would repeat going here again.  Breakfast for four was @ 65.00.
1	We went for breakfast and it was overpriced, greasy and service was bad. Don't expect to pay anything less than $20/person for regular breakfast and coffee that you can get at Denny's across the street for less than half the price.There weren't too many people so it was weird that our server looked like she was rushing (herself and us).
3	Good lunch today!  The BBQ was good and service was good too.  Not at all crowded at lunch.
4	Me likey. Had my first taste of fried pickles here and they were (a bit salty, of course) quite yummy. And it had a nice little atmosphere and I was loving the band playing. They even did Prince's "Purple Rain" (loooovvvee Prince!) and killed it. I'll be back in Vegas soon and hopefully will stop by again. Also, we went at night and we didn't pay a cover. Didn't know they had one.
5	Funny, I had the lowest expectations about this place out of all restaurants at the Mirage because of the Yelp reviews. Besides BB King's, I went to Carnegie Deli, BLT Burger, Japonais, Samba, and Craving's and this was the best meal I had (BLT Burger being a close second).This really is good southern food. We got bbq chicken nachos to split which was excellent. I got a chopped pulled pork meal for dinner which was extremely good. The live music that accompanied the meal was a nice touch (guitarist was great!)
4	we got so lucky because even without a reservation they were still able to seat us with minimal waiting time. the design of the restaurant has that hole in the wall jazz club feeling, with vintage decor of BB king and his history posted on the walls giving it a nice touch. it is a chill restaurant with dim lights, small round tables for intimacy (with a few large tables to accommodate the bigger parties) and live music. the music was awesome, it really set the mood of pleasure and enjoyment united. it was really a great dinner and show display combination. the food was excellent; i got to taste everyone's dishes from my party and each plate was fantastic. from the main meals like the baby back ribs which were finger licking good to the side orders like the white cheddar mac and cheese were all mouth watering. the food was so tasteful that even when you reach the point of fullness you cannot seem to stop munching on the remains. the service was good. they take notices if you have tickets for any shows so that they can accommodate you as priority which is considerate because no one likes to be rushed when they're on vacation mode. i give my overall experience two thumbs up, and if you are ever craving soul food with good tunes, BB king's is a fancy way to go with a reasonable price.
2	Good music, good food.... HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!! So bad in fact that I will not be returning or recommending this place especially for a large party.I had reservations for large party and everyone at our table got horrible service and we even got double charged for drinks that people had paid for in cash...both servers that helped our table ignored our table the entire time, my guests were having to leave the table to get drinks at the bar and we had to bus our own table....horrible service....don't bother unless you want to embarrass yourself and your guests.
5	Our group arrived in Las Vegas at 8:30am and our first stop was BB King's for some breakfast. We'd eaten here (and fallen in love with it) on our last trip.  It was absolutely going to be our first stop on this trip!  I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs- my favorite!  The chicken fried steak is smothered with a country gravy and my eggs were cooked perfectly.  This is def the start of a tradition for us every time we come to Vegas!!
3	After a few days at The Mirage and eating at the Carnegie each and every one of them, we were looking for something new for breakfast, that's how we found ourselves in BB's.Upon walking in the door, it looked as though I would find a bingo ball being spun by someone at a head table; it was filled with the 50+ crowd, if I'm not being clear enough. Now granted, this doesn't exclude my intrest in a place by any means, but, uh.. for breakfast at 11a on a Saturday morning, in Las Vegas, it wasn't boding well.Anyhow, basic breakfast fare with a southern flare: our 4 top had 2 breakfast platters, a chicken fried steak platter and for myself, Cajun pork chops.The drinks were huge, the service was average. The gravy on the steak was not good, nor were the biscuits. My chops, on the other hand, were really, really good. In a greasy spoon sort of way, not a high class Vegas eatery way, so don't get a food porn woodie.Not much more to say on the topic.. It garnered a solid MEH as an average based off our table. If it was just based on my chops, it would have been higher, but still.. I would have rather headed back to the deli for a kanish and a mixed meat omelet.
3	We just got back from Vegas and staying at the Mirage.  A bunch of us ate at BB Kings a couple times different times throughout our stay.  The Breakfasts weren't anything to write home about.  Everything else was pretty good.  The service was SUPER SLOW!  But our servers were always very friendly and entertaining.
1	Very poor service! Food quality poor. Doesn't everyone know you have to actually cook meat before you serve it? Ordered burger and meat was raw! Waitress cared less! Skip this joint!
4	Went here for a date night with my wife. We wanted somewhere with live music and boy did we find it. House band was amazing. Like other yelpers, we got fried pickles. They were great. Our service was a little slow but they were very accommodating with my picky order. But make sure you get a soda, and not a beer. I paid $8 for a blue moon. Give me a break. I know it's the strip, but geez!
4	Their pancakes are HUMONGOUS so if you're REALLY hungry get them. If not get something else. Their waiters are very personable too which I like. It's conveniently located inside our hotel too.
3	Maybe I came into BB Kings Blues Club at a bad time, but it seemed like everyone was in a bad mood. I only saw our waitress twice, and there wasn't even music playing in the resturant. Don't get me wrong but I  came into BB Kings Blues Club to unwind from a long hard day I spent at the sportsbook and the day of watching football, and there was no sign of any relaxation. No Music, No lively people, No Southern atmosphere. I was honestly dissapointed with this place. I rated BB Kings Blues Club a 3. only because the food was great.
4	I hadn't eaten all day. We arrived in Vegas from Detroit, made our way through the airport, shuttled to our hotel, actually checked in early and were ready to hit the strip and get some eats. We were undecided on where to eat, so we just walked from our hotel down the strip. Among the people flipping porn cards on the corners and people trying to 'sell' you free passes to clubs, there was a guy handing out cards with specials & offers at BB Kings inside the Mirage. We were still a good ways from the Mirage, but we ate at the BB Kings in Memphis and we were sold. We continued our trek, mouths watering, battling the crosswalks and navigating our way past the city center. Finally made it to the Mirage... by this time, we were walking in slow motion, in pain and starving... the Mirage was really like a mirage in the desert for us. I use Foursquare a lot on my phone. I check in to places and sometimes, there are discounts and specials just for "checking in". Well, sure enough, there was a 20% discount off the bill when you show the waiter your phone screen (they have to see the message). Most times, though, the server has no idea what to do with that message, so they always have to go get someone else who comes and looks and then they finally decide that it's just a matter of applying the discount to the total bill. Duh. We were *also* able to use the card we were given on the strip, so we got an additional $5 off our bill. Score!The place was not crowded at all. It was midday, after all. There was no music, which was fine... midday. I ordered the ribs & mahi mahi. It came with baked beans & cole slaw. Delicious! I liked their ribs before and these were very good, also. Mahi Mahi is a favorite of mine and theirs had a wonderful char-grilled taste to it. The baked beans were nice and the cole slaw was basic. My cousin had the ribs & chicken, which she was satisfied with, but she also had the collard greens which were dry and bland. Overall, we had a good meal and were full. If it was any closer to my hotel, I would have wanted to eat there again.
3	Must say I enjoyed their breakfast more than I did lunch because the menu and service was much better.  I went with the eggs Benedict that had the salmon added to it.  *Totally* D-lish!!!  Lunch was the Greek salad which was meh and the burgers were nothing to write home about as for meat quality.  However, one the folks in our group had the burger topped with bacon, cheese and BBQ sauce.  That one looked worth the extra calories!
1	My husband and I wanted to eat soul food while in Vegas, so I found this place and ate there on Tuesday night.  I guess there is a difference between soul food and southern cuisine. We were expecting a soulful joint filled with soulful people. The place was PACKED! But only a handful of Black folks were there.  The "blues" singer was some young hippy-looking kid, backing him was a brotha playing guitar and another brotha playing the drums.  The "blues" singing was so DANG....LOUD it was crazy!  We looked around and the people were hee-hawing.  The service was slow as a snail.  The waitress was very kind, but we waited over 20 minutes before we acknowledged at the table. I ordered a catfish po boy sandwich.  My husband ordered fried chicken with white gravy  (YUCK!!!) over white mac and cheese (YUCK!!!) and we shared a bowl of collard greens.  The sandwich was suppose to be on a toasted hoggie bread and fries.  The bread was cold and dry, the catfish were those cheap-azz nuggets, slices of tomatoes and a piece of lettuce leaf. How do you put the round nuggets on the bread?  A palm size of fries. $17.99  Chicken tasted good minus the gravy and mac and cheese.  The noodles were too thick to be used for mac and cheese.  You must have sharp cheddar cheese (orange)  in mac and cheese, not some mild white cheese.$17.99Collards were seasoned with bacon and that's all!  No garlic, no seasoned salt or vinegar. And it was COLD! $6.99Don't even ask me about the drinks, what a JOKE!!!The dessert menu didn't have any pound cake, sweet potato pie, buttermilk pie, cobbler; none of that true southern cuisine-soul food.My husband asked the waitress were there any Black American ole' school cooks in the kitchen?.  She said, "Yes, two".  He then said, "There is no way they cooked this food.  It is TERRIBLE!" I know soul food.  I create soul food and I grew up on soul food and THAT is NOT soul food! YUCK!!!!!IT IS OVERPRICED TOO!!!  $77Oh! we didn't know until later that "BB King's Blues Club" is NOT..NOT..NOT his club!  They just have his permission to use his name.  That's how they get so many people to patronize that place.
1	Food ok, music great, service sucked.If you like Blues, you will enjoy.  Don't go for the food, wine or service.Have had much better BBQ...
4	Something about vacationing that makes me want collard greens.  lol  So the only spot that came to mind was BB Kings.  Decided to eat there on Sunday night after checking out their website and seeing that they sold 1. Collard Greens and 2. Fried Pickles!  From their website I was able to reserve a table through Open Table.  However I did not see where there was a cover charge for Sunday.  (Fri-Sat only).  OK  no big deal.  $5 later to get in when the band was on break.  We were seated at a table right in the front row with a clear view of the band.  Great.  I ordered the Fried Pickle appetizer and the cat fish as my entree with a side of collard greens.  The pickles were great but the sauce was too salty. The catfish came out hot and was great as well.  The collard greens were barely room temperature and dry.  I like a little juice in mine.  I won't be ordering them again.The house band was very good!  The male lead singer/lead guitar was awesome.  I could have listened to him all night.  The female singer that came out had a great voice but no stage presence.  She looked as if she was a robot programed to sing.  Not to mention all the fidgeting.  From her dress to the ear piece. The only smile she gave was when a patron walked to the tip bucket seductively.All in all, it was a good experience and would try it again.
4	BB King's Blues Restaurant - Mirage Casino Las Vegashttp://www.bbkingclubs.com/index.php?page=lvhomeWe woke up and had some time for breakfast and decided to try BB King's Blues Restaurant.  It's located off the back of the casino in the Mirage complex where we were staying close to the elevators that service the towers.  We really like it and thought their food was tasty and different.  They have a pretty good variety of items on the menu, although higher priced of course than what you would like to pay.  Our family ordered the Cajun Pork Chops and Eggs, The Blues Benedict, and the Belgian Waffle.  The service was excellent and our bill was around $60.  Also, it was not too smoky in this restaurant.  We would go back.
2	I'll give this an add'l star because their chili was tasty. After we were seated it took 20 min. to have a waiter approach our table. We were on the verge of leaving when he arrived with a perfunctory "sorry".  If it weren't for the fact that we were hungry and thirsty we would have went elsewhere. We split the bowl of chili with a fried catfish po boy that was lousy. It hadn't been fried long enough, so there was no real texture. Their idea of seasoning appears to be to dump a boatload of creole seasoning on the nuggets and throw it in the fryer. The remoulade sauce on the side and the coleslaw must have been unremarkable since I remember nothing of them. The only lousy meal we had on the trip. At least the 20 oz. PBR draft was cold and tasty.
2	I met some friends here while in Vegas and there was much to be desired. We were there on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty empty. I was tempted to give this place 1 star, but the atmosphere was nice. Long story short:1) Food was way over priced for quality and portion size.2) Food - Everyone in my party agreed we have all had better.3) Waitstaff - Slow4) Orders - Took FOREVER! (I'm usually happy to talk and wait for food, but it was oddly long. Friends were getting re-fills twice over before the food arrived).5) Our server was forgetting things and was actually kind of rude.I won't be back. Sorry BB.
4	I ate at BB King's almost every morning for breakfast when visiting the Vegas, well at least when I wasn't too hungover and lazy to take the elevator 19 floors down to get some grub. This is a good place to get some breakfast if you are staying at the Mirage. check for the specials on mimosas and bloody Mary's. The bar staff was super duper nice, and I appreciated having my morning cup of coffee with them during my stay.
1	Can I write a blues song about how sad this place is? The legendary, finger plucking, visionary B.B. King should not have his name attached to these snake oil salesmen. For one, if I'm going to pay a five dollar cover charge to see a blues band play, can they not make repeated pirate jokes during their set? ("what's a pirate's favorite letter? The C!") I'm not sure why they shoehorned ten or more pirate related jokes into their set. I can only assume they thought they were playing at Treasure Island that night. Sadly, the lead singer was attempting to growl in a baritone, bluesy wail but it just sounded awkward and out of his range/comfort zone. Good background tunes, I guess - if you like elevator music with drums.Additionally, who sells nine dollar PBR? My friend paid eighteen dollars for two of these notoriously cheap beers. And if you're going to charge twelve bucks for Guinness, you better make sure it tastes fresh; the stuff they had on tap was like a mixture of pine tar and dust. The catfish had absolutely no taste, and must have been battered with wet sand. The cheese and sausage platter looked like they opened a Slim Jim package and threw it on a plate. And to top it off, when the bill came we asked our waiter, politely, if he could put 30 dollars in cash toward the tab and put the rest of the 40 on our credit card. He repeated our request, nodded in agreement, and walked away. When he came back, he had pocketed the 30 dollars, citing that we told him to keep it as a "tip", and charged me the full 70 bucks. If you have a question, dude, ask me before you turn your hand into a piggy bank. When you're dealing with money you don't assume you have to know. This was the best "feel how it is to have the blues" experience ever. Maybe it's a themed, interactive restaurant.
1	We had eaten here twice before during previous visits to The Mirage, once for breakfast and once for lunch, and we had enjoyed it. This time, however, we brought 5 additional adults with us, aged 25-32, and our reservations were for dinner. Big mistake! Unlike our previous visits, the service was extremely slow; the food was over-cooked and bland (two of the dishes were basically inedible, in fact); and none of our drinks (including iced tea and Diet Cokes) were ever refilled. The waitress never even returned to our table after the meals were finally delivered, at different times, and without our salad plates being picked up first. The servers had never been trained, obviously.Worst of all, there was a mediocre blues band playing extremely LOUD music throughout our dinner, so no one could hear anyone else. At 6:30 to 7:30, there really shouldn't be any music playing that loud. They could have waited until 9pm to start playing, or could've turned down the amplifiers, and that would have made it bearable. But the poor quality of the service personnel and the food could not be turned down or up, so the experience was horribly embarrassing to us, as the host and hostess of this dinner party.  After my husband spoke to the Manager, we were able to get the two inedible meals removed from our check and he also gave us a 20% discount on the rest of the bill. Still, who wants to go through that kind of hassle when entertaining others? It's not about the money.My husband actually knows B.B. King through his previous work with the Austin City Limits television show and though other video-related projects with B.B. during the 80's, and he agrees that B.B. would probably be horrified to see what this restaurant is doing to people in his name!
2	Ate here for lunch with family. VERY average at best. Don't think you are getting real southern comfort food. My poboy was served on a hot dog bun. Catfish bites was more fried breading than catfish. Coleslaw and hush puppies were best part of the meal. Find a better option.
2	Everything about this place is average or slightly below average.  I came in with a large group, so I got to see a lot of the different menu items and they were all very bland.  We ordered a few platters of the Soul Sampler, which was overpriced and overcooked.  My cowboy burger had a lot of potential, but the hockey puck that came slapped in between the bun really was disappointing.  I will say they made a nice bloody mary.  I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.
2	CUSTOMER SERVICE NOT THE BEST but the food is pretty good!!  After reading all of the reviews, my friend and I were hesitant to try this spot out, but after walking the strip, we ended up here.  As soon as we approached the podium, there were around 4 young ladies just standing there......we waited for someone to tell us something.  After being told it was a 20 min wait to get a table (the place wasnt even full), we found a spot at the bar.  After 10 min of waiting for someone to acknowledge us, my friend got up to get us some menus.  We were then told that we had to order from the bartender (we were seated in the bar area but not at the bar).  I wish someone had told us that we had to go directly to the bar to order.   The food finally came and I admit it was good.  The baked beans were the best, so make sure you order that.  I would just suggest that management put their staff in customer service training and learn to manage multiple tables so that the customer doesnt have to get their own menus or additional napkins.
4	I would eat here again. I don't know how southern it is but I enjoyed the food and service I had for lunch here. The gumbo was tasty and filling but I felt it could use more crawfish. Tamales were good and so was the chicken fried chicken.
3	Had breakfast here only. Its decent but overpriced. $15 for a simple omelet?
1	Yuck. We walked in and right back out....When we were seated there was this funky raw sewage smell. No way am I going to ingest anything made from a place with a serious order problem.
4	Went to bb kings after my niece got married and had a blast!  It was like having a reception that we didn't have to pay for!  The food was nothing spectacular, pretty much what you'd expect from a BBQ joint, but super upbeat atmosphere and the band was incredible. Marissa, our sever, was very attentive & seemed to love her job.  Ask for her & you'll be well taken care of!
2	I don't think that we will be returning here on our next trip.We stayed at the Mirage, and so we figured that this would be the easiest brunch. We were seated immediately. Right after we ordered, I made the horrible discovery that whoever bussed the table failed to wipe up the syrup on the side of the table. I got it ALL over myself. EW! i had to excuse myself to clean up.Our waitress was lovely. The food was good, not amazing, but a good brunch. With tip, our brunch came to $50. RIDICULOUS. For a coffee, orange juice, breakfast burrito, and some eggs??? Really???My HUGE problem, however, came the next day when I checked my credit card statement. I saw that BB KIng's charged me TWICE for this meal. Unfortunately, this is not the first time that this happened. I immediately called, and was blown off by whoever answered the phone. He said that a manager would call me. No one ever did.On our way out for the day, I came in and asked to speak to a manager. After waiting for ten minutes, the manager told me that there was nothing that he could do and that "their machines were messed up". Um...ok, but why am I charged twice? I really didn't appreciate that, and that he basically told us that he wasn't going to do anything. Eventually it got worked out, but if you go, PAY IN CASH.
2	Went here for appetizers with my family before a get together. The food we had was VERY tasty and I would love to eat there again whenever I come to the strip. I only give it two stars is because we had a waiter who took our order and was VERY neglectful and very very rude to our entire table. It really soured our dining experience. If we do go again I hope we get a different waiter or I would walk right on out again. No matter how good the food is bad service will completely ruin everything.
3	I've not heard one good thing about this place from the service to the food. We were going to see Terry Fator and decided  to check it out anyway. The service was very good and the food was tasty. I had ribs and my partner had a chicken sandwich. Both were good...not outstanding, but good. The only complaint that I had was that I got 4 bones for $16. For that, I would expect a half rack. I would go back if I had another show to go to there. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there though. Overall, it wasn't bad.
1	If I could give less than one star I would.  There are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas and this certainly isn't one of them.  We went there because we had a $20 coupon.  Unfortunately there was a $10/person cover charge just to be sat.  Not including the cover charge, our bill for two came to over $70 and I don't drink.  The food was extremely disappointing, the service was horrible and we sat at a tiny uncomfortable table.  I will never return to this place and suggest you go to any other restaurant in Vegas.
4	I am definitely a fan of this place. I went to eat here for dinner before a show at the Mirage.  Looking at the menu online was what made me want to eat here.  It was my first time eating at B.B. King's and I have to say my date and I were very pleased with our meal. I had the pulled pork and he had the rib eye steak.  The meats were cooked perfectly!  The mashed potatoes and baked beans were equally delicious.  I loved the atmosphere of this place, really cool and funky.  They had a live band performing as we were eating dinner and they were playing all the jams to start out an exciting vegas night.  The only reason why I'm docking a star is because the hostess was a little on the slow side.
2	The food was great. However, we weren't I interested in food. We wanted to hear the BLUES. Huge disappointment. The band was good but they played two blues songs and the rest was top 40 pop from the 1950s, 1960s and maybe 1970. I could listen to the oldies radio station if I wanted to hear easy listening music. The service was good as well. In sum, good as a restaurant. Forget hearing live blues. What a joke!
5	YUM!  Our 2nd trip to Vegas and we had to eat there again.  BBQ sauce is delicious.  Hickory Chicken Sandwich is awesome.
3	I was staying at the Mirage and drug my hungover ass here for breakfast a couple of times. The omelette was ridiculously expensive but good. Had to wait forever so the bartender gave me a free mimosa. I love food like this though. Little bit more upscale bar fare.
1	The customer is nobody at BB King's.Update on closing time -- it's now 10 p.m. mid-week, which is really odd for a place with live bands inside a casino (The Mirage) on the Vegas Strip.Our party of seven got there at about 9:15 and was turned away because no table would be ready until 9:45, and then there wouldn't be time for us to order and get our meals by their apparently strict 10 p.m. time to shoo all the customers out of the restaurant.It was surreal, standing at the hostess counter hearing the band inside jamming and knowing the place was still going to be "open" for another 45 minutes, but that we would not be seated because their staff didn't want to be there one minute past 10 p.m.Because I had a $100 coupon from Restaurant.com and this was our last night in Vegas, I decided to order from the bar and take the food to go.  The bartender was cool and even tried to get us a table inside the dining room, but the manager refused him, too.Once the food arrived, it was pretty good.  But we had to eat it at the Starbucks in the casino because that was the only place to sit down, and we couldn't eat at the bar because we had kids with us.  Only B.B. King's closed at 10, though. The California Pizza Kitchen and every shop and bar inside the Mirage was still open when we left the casino. Maybe they all do better business than BB King's. Likely they treat paying customers better.One last note -- an 18% gratuity was automatically added to our bill even though it was a take-out order.  That's way out of line when you're not getting any table service.  And I didn't notice that until we'd already left the casino. I'd given the bartender a $40 tip just for trying to get us a table.  With that 18% gratuity on top, the guy made a cool $70-plus for taking our order.  Great night for him.  Crappy night for us.  Insult to injury.
4	For Breakfast - 4.5 stars.For lunch - 3 starsFor dinner - there are better places to go.So for breakfast:  this place has AMAZING breakfasts as far as I'm concerned.  It's kind of a hidden gem honestly.  Everything I've gotten comes out fresh and well made.  It's perfect for vegas hangover food.. ha.My top recommendation is the omelet.  Get jalapenos if you like truly hot food - theirs are good and hot.
2	BB King's is yet another mediocre, corporate feeling BBQ joint.  Is the food here bad? Not by a long shot, but it's also no where near good enough to warrant a second try.  The food is generic and overpriced, with average service and an atmosphere that reminds me of your average Chili's. If you are staying at The Mirage and have kids, or if you've never had real BBQ in your life, BB King's might be just fine for you, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.
2	While staying at the Mirage, my dad and I decided that we'd just grab a bite to eat for breakfast here.  We chose BB King's because it was right by the elevator's and it wasn't exactly busy.  It seemed like a better choice than ordering the $8 bowl of cereal from room service.Our first contact with the staff wasn't from our actual waitress but by a floating bus/service lady who took our drink order.  After a bit, our waitress finally showed up and took our order.  I ordered a regular omelet and my dad ordered one with egg whites.  Our meal was brought to us by yet another floating waiter.  I think it's best to remind the reader that it was not busy...The food itself was pretty good.  The veggies in the omelet tasted very fresh and the chopped kielbasa that I ordered in it was tasty.  The hashbrowns were your typical shredded potatoes and biscuit was fairly simple as well.  My dad enjoyed his egg white omelet, but skipped the biscuit.During our meal, our waitress did come by to drop off our check, but when we were ready to pay, she was no where to be found.  After a good ten minutes, in which our table was cleared by one of the floating staff, our waitress showed up to get the check and bring it back.  While the breakfast itself was pretty good, the service left something to be desired.  I'm not saying don't come here, but if you have somewhere to be, skip it.
4	Live music was really good. Food was tasty. I mean besides all the other stuff Vegas offered this was a good stop on the way out for an evening on the strip.
2	What an interesting and fun atmosphere!  Kind of like Bubba Gump restaurant meets House of Blues.  Came here for lunch and ordered a Memphis Style chicken salad.  First, the waitress took FOREVER to come to our table.  The order took a long time to get to the table, and the food was just so-so.  There was nothing particularly special about the salad, but also nothing wrong with it.  Portion was very generous.  Perhaps their more traditional Southern fare is better, but I wouldn't go back for an average salad and slow service.
4	We all know the saying "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." Well, I offer another one, "Keep the wife happy when in Vegas or your vacation is going to be a battle that will come home with you." Not sure when I learned that, but I'm sure glad I did. So, when my wife said she wants to go to the Mirage Hotel to BB Kings Blues Club, I said, "Sure, let's go tonight." Whew... a bullet dodged and I probably didn't even know it at the time.See, Oliva loves Jazz and hates Gambling. I like Gambling and love Music. So, before I can gamble (and she gets uber-bored/pissed), I need to make sure she's knocked a few "to do" items off her list. Does it make me a bad husband? I don't know, but it sure made for a smoother trip because she loved BB King's Blues Club. We came about 5 minutes before a live set started, paid the cover fee $5/person, told the hostess we were there for the music, and got seated dead center in the front row. Nice.We ordered a couple draft beers and some Sweet Potato Tots with Caramel Sauce (meh) to snack on while Jazz heated up the place. The first part of the set was magical with some great improvisations and jazz joints. The crowd was into it, but not really hitting the dance floor. About half-way through the set, a new lead singer came out and the mood/tone of the music became love songs. The dance floor did eventually fill up, but the jazz vibe was muted. I definitely loved the first part of the set more than the second. Overall, Olivia gave BB King's 5-star gold. For me, it was a-ok 3 stars, but a happy wife makes for a happy life, so I'm officially a 4-star fan of BB King's Blues Club.
3	I really want to give this place 4 stars.... But I just can't. The food was really good. My gumbo was spicy and a decent sized portion. My partner inhaled her burger, which is a good sign. The mac and cheese was made with a white cheddar and came with extra cheese melting on top of it. But the piece de resistance was the sweet potato puff sundae. The name is a little misleading. They're not puffs at all, they're basically sweet "potater" tots. They're a little smaller, perfectly crispy on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside. Bring them out in a large bowl, drizzle them with hot fudge and caramel, top them with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and you've got a decadent dessert that is just to die for! If you get nothing else, get that!So why only 3 stars? Our service was probably the worst service I've received at a restaurant in a long time. There were 6 of us. We were seated at a table. Then waited almost 20 minutes with no drinks, and no acknowledgement. I ended up having to go to the hostess and let her know that we'd been waiting and still didn't have our drinks. She didn't apologise, just said, "Ok, one minute" and went to find our server. A few minutes later, he appeared at my elbow and said, "What do you want to drink?" Not "Hey guys, sorry for the delay. How is everyone? etc" Nothing. Just "What do you want to drink?" We had to tell him that we were all ready to order our food too. He really didn't seem like he wanted to be there, and it showed. He went around, took our orders and then left. He brought our drinks, and at one point several of us were on empty, and about to go to the bar to get refills when he appeared to get us more. When he brought our food, he just kind of threw it down and that was it. I don't think he came back to check on us once, except to clear the plates. Had we not been in a time crunch, I would have spoken to the manager, but we were trying to hustle to get to a show. It's a shame, really. Had the service been on point, I would have bumped it up another star because the food was good and the live music was good. But that awful service is just impossible to ignore.
2	I went here with high expectations. Band was stellar. Well worth the cover charge even tho the hostess was trying to persuade me to sit at the bar instead of paying. Whatevs. The bad part was tho I wanted to pay for a table for dinner, they sat me at a dirty table with no place settings. Gross. Relocated myself to a dinner table and had a horrible waitress, Lakeisha -- needs to learn how to serve tables! Was rude, yelling at the hostesses, even as the food runner brought my entree, the salad/ old wine glass was never removed. Why let dirty dishes sit in front of your guest at such a nice place? Good thing the meal was one of the best ive tasted! Carolina salmon, on top of creamed corn, it was Delicious!!!! As waitress trompped around, I felt uncomfortable but tried to enjoy the ambiance. I was going to stay around at the bar to enjoy the band but the bathrooms were so far away I never went back and I am glad i didnt. It was the first time in a VERY long time I left a 10 percent tip but with such lack luster service, i think this was generous.
2	BB King ought to be ashamed to have his name attached to a place like this. Yea I knew going in not to expect much, I DID read the reviews this time. But the group I was with "raved" about their experience a few days before and they had a coupon, and you know they saying: majority rules..... Sooooo where's everyone?!??!?! I mean the place was practically empty, I'm NOT putting 2 on a 10! Out of the whole establishment, there were three tables (including mines) that were in use. Not even one person sitting at the bar! That's not good... I ordered something simple a fried catfish po'boy. It was good but the fries are horrible! They even had the nerve to try to set the ambience by diming the lights and putting candles on the tables. Turn the lights on so folks can know that you're open and they'll come in. DUH!Not coming back and not recommending......Sorry BB.
1	Food is good but pricey and the portions are small. When I spoke to the manager about the portions, he stated their corporate office determines the portion size and that he hears complains all of the time concerning it. - Skip it - my son and I were still hungry after eating.
4	We were in here when the band was rehersing, not actually at night. The band sounded awesome! The food was great! Their chicken ceasar with cornbread croutons was slammin!  Appetizers are half off when the band is rehersing also. Definitely check it out. Fun place!
3	The food was exceptionally wonderful. You hear about "fall off the bone" ribs but these indeed were exactly that. Not only were they super-tender they were super-flavorful! I really didn't expect to enjoy them as much as I did and leave clean bones on my plate.  My husband got the pasta dish and really loved it.  The band playing on Sunday night was very talented.Now for the problems: Although we loved the band the volume was so loud my husband and I could not talk at all.  We had to shout our order to our waiter about three times and honestly we just gave up and pointed at the menu what we wanted.  The iced tea was obviously old and tasted terrible but again it was so loud we couldn't send it back.  The side dishes (mine was the mashed potatoes and coleslaw) were very tasty but absolutely tiny portions.Bottom line...if you can definitely go and try the ribs but perhaps go in the afternoon when the band isn't playing.  I will definitely get the ribs again but will not order the iced tea.
4	Great food in a fun atmosphere! Loved the live music. The band was ridiculously good! Our waitress was really attentive and made good recommendations. We tried the ribs and chicken fried chicken. Both were fantastic. Hubby says the file slaw is one of the best he has had. Be aware that there is a $5 per person cover charge when there is live music.
2	I was excited to eat at BB King's during our honeymoon in Vegas... Unfortunately, we left very disappointed. Our dinner lasted more than 2 hours, not because we were having the time of our lives, but because of the terrible service. We were told that we would have to pay $5 each because there was live music playing that night. We were totally okay with this as fans of live music... However, once the band came on, they played FOUR songs and called it a night. They were very talented, but are you really charging me extra for 4 songs? Ridiculous.No server paid us attention after we were seated. We were not given waters or told who our server was. We hunted someone down, ordered, and waited more for our food. The food was just okay, and at that point, we were already ready to go.Thank goodness we were using a restaurant.com gift certificate and didn't have to pay full price. I would not return here... too many other options nearby.
1	we re here for breakfast party of seven 6 adults and child and we only order 5 entrees and 1 togo and we get our bill it was $120 then i charged it to my room then i signed and realized the bill was $150 after i sign waitress took the bill never gave us any receit. so went up to front to see what was goin on and they told us 18 percent grautity was added and i ask why it was added when we had only seven people in the group. waitress said we had 8 but i told her were only 7. then she brushed it off and said we order 1 togo order last that made it 8. wtf. i explain to her we only had 7 people and order 6 entrees and 1 togo. she said she will change the ticket and talk to mgr. we also realized our juice i order for my child was charged 7dollars instead of 4 dollar for small size and she said  she will fix she was fucking rude as hell never it my life i felt like this i was so mad... hostess said mgr will come talk to us and sorry bout this..we never ask for manager but just wanted them to fix the ticket anyways mgr never showed up to say sorry maybe didnt want to confront the situtation. they really need to train there employee right the waitress we had was chubby short glasses n didnt get the name but she was fucking rude. maybe trying to scam us because were asian and maybe tourist and didnt understan the grautity system. we ask where we can make complaint about the situation they said they are not part of mirage and cant really make compaints.. wtf! just go to buffet for breakfast at cravings its actually cheaper because they dont chare for juice or coffee...
3	I stayed at the Mirage, I came here for breakfast since it's right next to the elevator.  It was pretty packed and it took more than 30 minutes for us to get our food. It wasn't that bad of a wait because we were drinking mimosas and it was LAS VEGAS. I got the bb's breakfast sampler and the breakfast quesadilla. It's cool that they let you have your eggs any way you want it - which I got one sunny side up and one scramble. Pancake was buttery and huge - this sample is worth your money.  I actually divided this dish between three people. The apple wood smoked bacon was cooked perfectly and the salsa that came with the (egg) quesadilla complemented the dish very well.  Overall, the food was good, but you could totally make the same thing at home for cheaper.We had a 19 months old baby with us and he threw the packages of jam and butter everywhere, but our waitress was very nice about it.  Slow service, but nice service.
2	Place made me very sad.  I used to visit Vegas a lot before I moved here, I dunno think I counted once and was here 35 times before , and I'm from Miami so it's not a hop skip and a jump.  I used to stay at the Mirage for a yearly convention and every time I did I looked forward to 2 things 1) pickles from the Carnegie Deli and 2) the GRITS from BB Kings.   I did not look forward to their $4.00 cup of coffee, especially when Starbucks was right around the corner, and the Mirage doesn't have coffee makers in the rooms. So $4.00 for a plan old cup of coffee is very steep.Over this past weekend, I had girlfriends in from out of town staying at the Mirage. I could not talk enough about how amazing this place's GRITS were, grits, grits, grits that's all they heard. So Sunday we finally went to get me my grits.As soon as we sat down, I noticed the menu was difft. My stomach growled and sank at the same time, surely they could not have done away with my GRITS. But sadly twas true, the GRITS were no longer :( and I was very very sad.Now whatever they were going to serve me to eat was not going to make it up to me. Grits are Grits and I was looking forward to these Grits for days. They give you a biscuit instead of toast with your breakfast.  Mmy veggie friend said the biscuit was AMAZEBALLS and I didn't have the heart to tell her they probably made it with Lard that's why. Let her eat it in all it's glory and she was happy. I however upgraded to the whole wheat toast for $1.50 with my $4.00 coffee and opted for an egg white omelet.  My omelet was swimming in grease. Like there was visible oil on the plate from when it came out of the pan, made me sad again b/c the point of egg while omelet is to be healthy.  They didn't have any healthy options that I could spy on the menu other than the egg white omelet.I will say they have 2 HUGE TV's for watching football. Like move theater screen size; however, they didn't have the sound on, so it's a catch 22. You can look but you can't hear!So after everything was said and done my meal was $20 with tip $25. The day before we went next store and ate at Cravings with all you can eat and all you can drink drink mimosas [and GRITS] for $30.00.
2	Mr. M & I had tickets to go see Ron White at The Mirage on 9/2 and since I snagged a coupon from one of those timeshare slickmeisters for a free app at BB King's we thought we'd have dinner here before the show.  Now, based on the reviews I didn't have high expectations, but I saw a couple of items on the menu that looked ok so what the heck.We were also slapped with the $5 cover charge by the snotty little hostess.  I tell ya what....I know she probably deals with a lot of crap from the public, but she was NOT NICE.  I saw on her fancy computer that they also have a $15 cover charge button.  For $15 cover the Black Crowes better be on stage and there better be some good secondhand hemp smoke for me to enjoy.  Anyway....she said there would be live music.  Yeah, 40 minutes later there was a good band that came on stage.  A REALLY good band.  But seriously we got to hear 4 songs then had to go.  My theory started then that the owners of this particular BB King's Club are moneygrubbers.  It will be proven as fact later that night.I was really glad the app was free because it was two beef tamales just like the ones you can find in the freezer at Trader Joe's.  I like the Trader Joe's grub ok, but one of the tamales had sat too long on one side or something in the steam table and it was hard and would have been better used as a shim under our wobbly table leg.  We shared the entree and I'm glad we did because it was a huge amount of food.  The pork chop dinner was good all around.  Two moist pork chops, perfectly cooked and seasoned with fresh green beans, real mashed potatoes with the red skins still on, and those baked cinnamon apples were all the dessert we needed.  We both agreed that meal was really good, but the app was terrible.   The steak knife was completely dull.  When I first cut into a chop I thought, "Oh no, this thing is all dried out and tough", but it was the knife.  They need some new ones.  Terribly dull.  Thank God we didn't really need it.Our server was really nice, but like others have said the service is painfully slow.  As I was looking around it seems like the servers have a lot of ground to cover in that joint.  It's pretty big, so maybe that adds to the slowness. OK.  Take an intermission now.  We went to Ron's show which was hysterical.Then Ron invited everyone with a ticket back over to BB King's to listen to his wife sing.  Awesome.  We got our table and the server was there lickety split to take our drink order.   For $8 I got a urine sample sized plastic cup with some mediocre red wine and for $9 my husband got a plastic cup full of ice, water, & a splash of Dewars.  I felt like those overpriced drinks were an insult and therefore proved my theory that the owners of this place are moneygrubbers.  Those drinks were like someone wasn't even trying.  Awful waste of money.  The pork chop dinner is 3 stars, and the rest of the evening is a 1.  So they get two.  I will probably never go back to this joint unless the Black Crowes are there.
2	They advertised they had espresso coffee. Waitress said machine was broken. I had the feeling  they did not want to make cappuccino. Either way i was very disappointed.
1	Overpriced and the food was so-so.  I even went in one morning because of their advertised breakfast special and it was basically still overpriced for a couple of eggs and toast.The service was nice but I'm starting to feel that that's just Vegas, everyone knows how people want to be treated and make people feel comfortable but overall, the service can't mask everything forever.  Once again, the food was just good enough to satisfy my hunger and keep me alive but the place is overpriced (more than other Vegas spots) that you might as well just go to a buffet.
4	I enjoyed myself the band was Great...Food was good! A little pricey for what you get...
1	Was totally looking forward to hittin this club but they closed at 11pm???? You say What? 11pm In Vegas? We got there at 10:30, thought we could get in a little bit of blues, they didn't wanna let us in so I made a stink about it and they gave in. Was with a group of 7 people. At 10:40 we got drinks but they wouldn't let us order any food cause they closed the kitchen even though it didn't close for 20 mins. Needless to say this blew our plans for the night. Luckily there was a Beatles Nightclub next door that saved the night!
4	I really liked this place, although I wish i was feeling better to fully enjoy it. Our group got there around 7 right before the live music started (and before the front started charging a cover to get in) The menu had a good selection but I was first drawn to the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, with fries and coleslaw, even for being sick I finished every last bite on my plate. Others at our table had the hickory chicken sandwich, the chicken tender appetizer, and the BBQ pulled pork platter (A giant heap of pork, no bun, with baked beans and coleslaw) Everyone loved their food. The one and only complaint was how long it took our server to check back and get us the second round of drinks. The live music was awesome, we really enjoyed our time here.(For those who complained about being over priced, you're in Vegas, everything is over priced)
4	This place was the highlight of our recent Vegas trip. There was some confusion over if we had an actual reservation (made online, received an email confirming our reservation along with the statement in the same email "this establishment no longer takes reservations") but when we showed up at our appointed time we were immediately led to a great table. The food and drinks were excellent and the band was very talented and it was a lot of fun. I felt the prices were reasonable for the portions we got. There were many delicious looking options to the menu and we were sorry we didn't get a chance to get back there during our stay in Vegas. Next time for sure!
2	Now, let me begin by saying I'm a blues guy and I like BB King. Ok, now let me continue by saying maybe BB is just an average cook with average taste buds. I'm just sayin'. I know he doesn't cook but...I liked the atmosphere, enjoyed the bartender's jokes and fun style, music was good, hey even the over-practiced, soul-less blues trio was good. But the food, unfortunately, was disappointing. I would rate it as decent and I swear it felt pre-prepared since it took less than a minute to get back to me. hmmm. Anywhoo, I was in Vegas and it seemed like I had to go visit BB's resto. I would recommend to see a band (some of upcoming musicians were solid) and say you've been to BB's restaurant otherwise the food was about average. - DanO
2	Three Stars- not surprised.  We had a girls weekend in Vegas and we didn't have a whole lot of time before a show, so we saw this place and it looked good and there wasn't a line.  $10 to sit and eat...no thank you, but they said we could sit at the bar for free.  Not idea when there's five people, but like I said we didn't have a lot of time and it was easier than trying to make up our minds on another place.  The service was fine, when you're sitting at the bar it should be exceptional, but it was just fine...nothing to complain about, but nothing great, also.  I go the mahi mahi sandwich and my friend the mahi mahi dinner- very bland, dry and chewy.  Not to mention, they forgot the pickle and coleslaw, grrr.  1 star for the food.  My friend got the nachos which were good and my other friends seemed to like their food.  Also, a weird thing happened when one of the bar tenders/bar backs said he'd take our photo he took EIGHT photos from FOUR different angles....it took forever and got really awkward, especially since we never even asked him to take the photo in the first place. The music was fun, however, which is the only redeemable quality and how it got two stars.  Definitely wouldn't come back here again!.
4	Great jazz and blues restaurant by the elevator banks. I'd always hear live music whenever I'm leaving my room night for some fun. Today I decided to give it a try and came here for breakfast instead of the buffet for a change of pace. The food here was made fresh, all made from scratch so the wait pretty sucks but fresh is fresh. Price cost as much as the buffet so I was feeling a bit uneasy paying the same price for me meal when I can pay about the same or less as the buffet and have more variety. I ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast $13 and it was excellent but small. :( Our server Janel was very freindly and always checked on our table to see how we're doing and she did not disappoint. Her positive attitude helped us feel comfortable even though the price was too high and food portions were not generous. The layout of the restaurant resembles a blues and jazz theme with southern hospitality. They have posters of famous blues singers on the walls and the lighting is pretty dim and has a bar in the right near the entrance and another bar opposite of the dining area. I would come back during dinner when the it's more packed and for the live band. Minus one star for the price.
5	I highly recommend the bowl of chili. It's had a great kick to it and will literally have you craving for it later on.I love the decoration of the place. Each table had a painting/drawing of a famous blues artist. Customer service was great!
2	HORRIBLE customer service..Our waitress seemed to forget our table. First, it took about 20 minutes for anyone to get water. Then, after going around the table to take everyone's order she forgot one person's order; instead apologizing for her error she rudely asked, "What'd you have?" as if it were the customer's fault that the waitress forgot her order.  Once we ALL had our food, there was no refill on water or coffee, no check-in to see how everything was going.  The food itself was okay.  The deep fried PB&J was a fun little treat.  I had ordered the chicken fried steak which was a huge portion and tasty.  The only other positive to this place is that it was in our hotel so location was uber convenient, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come out to eat here.
1	We were headed here last night to check it out for an upcoming event, until we got the call. . . you know, the one that says "actually, you might not want to bother, because we're going to be closing way before your event."Wah wah.
2	Why did I come here? I must be an idiot! Rip off and woefully inadequate. I was starving. Spoiled from living in San Francisco.
3	We went here because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. Everything about the meal was average - average service, average price, average food. No real complaints, but nothing that made us certain we would have to return either.
1	THEYRE CLOSED--PERMANENTLY!The bartender that was Sun 11/11 @ 11am was totally RUDE...Pissed off about them closing and wasnt trying to be helpful, nice or even dressed as if he even cared to be there...Wanted to Get Bloody Marys for the road before heading to the Airport and he refused to charge it to the room--Telling me "Were closing tonight-The Mirage doesnt own us anymore and were not taking room charges!"Worst treatment I had at the Mirage!Glad theyre closing........
4	My husband and our friends ate here on vacation before we saw the Beatles Love show in July 2012. Lola was our waitress and she was an absolute doll- so friendly and accommodating to everyone! The food was delicious too...overall a really wonderful experience one of the best we had in Vegas! Sad to see it closed :(
1	This review is for breakfast. If I could give them no stars I would. We had a party of eight, which I understand can take slightly longer but there was such a lack of, really anything, service and food included. We waited for 45 minutes while about 16 other people got sat, finally sat down at a table were not even acknowledged for about 15 minutes and then left. Wast of time.
5	Great live band great food
5	Julian Dennison is GM and he is the most fantastic host. Welcoming, generous, so friendly.First visit: wicked live blues band!!! Their house band with a sub in for lead guitar... who TOTALLY stole the show!His name is PJ Barth and he's unbelievable! Vids here: http://www.youtube.com/user/PJBarthMusicWe ordered a few rounds of drinks, and service was quick and cheerful.The second visit, we ate dinner. We ordered appetizers of nachos (WOW), spinach dip (YUM), and hush puppies (TO DIE FOR... if they sold frozen versions, I would take them home with me).I had a bunch of sides: hush puppies (yes, I ordered MORE), mac & cheese (OMG) and a salad too (yummy)! I didn't even notice what anyone else ate! It`s right next to the guest elevators, which is very convenient. They also do brunch, though we didn't check it out.One of the coolest features of this place is the artwork on the walls and tabletops!
