4	I would say this is better than Thai Basil.... but then, I've only ever had mediocre experiences at Thai Basil.  It is not as hot as Thai Lhana (or is it Thai Lhana), but you will still feel it the next day.  I split the Fried Sweet potato, Tom Yum soup, some spicy red curried something, and some spicy something else with tofu with three friends.  Everything was good... although I was less satisfied with the fish caked fried sweet potato things.  They were a litle bland and the sauce wasn't super.  This place lends a lot of support to my "treasure hunt" hypothesis for the metro region:  You just never know what might be in that strip mall next to the check cashing place and the Subway.
5	What an amazing lunch deal!  As a vegetarian, I absolutely love this place!  All of the lunch specials are available with meat or tofu, so I don't have to worry about limitations.  The menu is vast, and there are curries and noodle dishes to choose from, in addition to other Thai favorites.  At lunch time, your noodle dish will come with either a salad or soup and a vegetarian egg roll.  All of that for under $5!  It's unbelievably delicious!  My personal favorite is Pad See Ew, and it's served well here, with a healthy amount of flavor and plenty of fresh vegetables.  It's my favorite place for lunch, hands down!
4	This is my first experience with Thai food, so I don't have anything to compare it to.I ordered the Silver Noodle Stir Fry(bean thread noodles,celery, bean sprouts,mushrooms,egg and tofu in a black bean sauce) see pics.It was actually pretty good, eating these clear jelly like noodles was strange but I enjoyed my meal, everything was fresh looking and tasting, my fellow diners meals also looked to be fresh as well.Very affordable prices , generous portions and option of meat or tofu in each dish ,so vegetarian friendly.I just might have to go back and try something else :)
4	I was not expecting much from Lemongrass Thai, especially when my friend and I pulled into the sardine-tight parking lot. It looked like the most dingy place in Tempe. Little did I know it would be one of the best lunches I've had without spending a small fortune. In fact, without tip, my entree (with water) was $7.52. I ordered the #7 - with eggplant, green peppers, carrots and tofu (yum!) and nixed the onions. The dish came with a pile of white rice, a small egg roll and a little bit of dipping sauce for the egg roll. It was all VERY GOOD! The atmosphere doesn't amount to much. The service is just okay. The people taking your orders and bringing the food aren't what I'd call "people pleasers," but they're there to make some mean lunch dishes - not schmooze and win you over with charm. But, let's face it, the food spoke for itself. I had every intention of eating only 1/2 and saving the other portion for later. I couldn't stop eating. The flavors were great! And the fare was light enough that I wasn't stuffed and leaving with a bloated tummy. An added touch: A wrapped mint at the end. A sad note: I tried to order the Green Chai Tea. "No Green Chai Tea!" I was told. Bummer. I would definitely go back here and recommend it to anyone who likes Thai, especially those who are fortunate enough to live and/or work nearby. Just beware of the parking lot!
5	Wow, better than I expected.  Don't let the tacky fluorescent writing all over the front windows deter you, or the fact that it's in an aging strip mall.Modestly decorated inside. Quick attentive staff.  I only had the green curry and it was a big portion and just spicy enough.  Lunches come with either soup or salad, which is just iceberg a few carrots and a drizzle of dressing. Simple but good.  Also included is a small egg roll which was darn good.I had a yummy Thai coffee which was $1.95 and came in a really big glass. I give this place five stars because they don't suck. I've been to the Subway next door about a thousand times and most of the time they do suck. No more Subway for me.
2	Lemongrass left me underwhelmed. I had high hopes reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this restaurant with a friend of mine. We got there early and ordered a ton of food (this was confirmed by the server telling us it was too much). What we had was ok, the crispy sweet potato was very good (how can you mess up something fried) but when we got the "vegetarian" Papaya Salad, it tasted too much like fish sauce. My Vegetarian Green Curry was nothing memorable and was barely Thai Hot. The fried rice was acceptable and not too greasy, a plus for me, but the Vegetarian Pad Thai was sickeningly sweet. I don't know if we went on a bad night, but for close to $80.00 (including another entree which I didn't sample and don't recall), I would head elsewhere.
5	Lemongrass never disappoints a poor, hungry college student. The food is fresh and well-spiced, and the atmosphere, while not spectacular, is at least comforting. One of my favorites was a wide-noodle dish that came with veggies, beef, and egg. I can't remember the name, but I still taste the wonderfulness in my mouth.
5	This is the closest Thai restaurants next to my work. However, there are two others not much further away (Thai Elephant and Thai Basil). But this is my go to Thai restaurant for lunch. Why? Atmosphere and consistency. The owner and employees here are always very nice and the service is generally pretty good. The atmosphere is very cozy and it's easy to kick back. It does get noisy in here though during the lunch crowds, but not too bad. My favorites are the Pad Sew Ew, Pad Thai, Rama Beef, Massaman curry and the ice tea is good. The portions are plentiful and never had an issue with the freshness of the food. Is it the best Thai I ever had? Well, I had better particular dishes at other Thai restaurants (Massaman at Thai Elephant, Pad Thai at Swaddee, Pad Sew Ew at Yupha's) But for overall quality of food, service and atmosphere, Lemon Grass is my favorite.
2	I used to recommend Lemongrass to everyone I'd meet whenever I'm asked "where do you go for great Thai food?"  My Thai coworkers told me to check this place out, and this I did on the cafe's first week.  I RAVED over their food- pad woon sen, pad thai, tom kah soup, all curries.  A coworker who visited the cafe twice reported back that while he enjoyed the food, he didn't think the cafe would do well since each time he visited (he went twice many many moons ago), business was very slow.  I also reco'd the cafe to a few people connected with the Vegetarian Society, who soon gathered there for a dinner which I couldn't attend.  The event was a success.  Another coworker refuses to try another Thai resto since I've turned him onto LTC.  Why should he try another when he can get the food he loves cooked the way he wants it here?  Amen, and LTC has me to thank for his business every time.Then one night, many, many months ago, I had called and placed a couple orders, like I've done a few times before, so that the entrees would be ready for me by the time I arrived from work.  I previously gave the owners/cooks a list of food allergies, which I again went over on the phone.  Imagine, then, my disappointment to find that they'd added an ingredient we had not agreed on on a dish that, had it not contained tofu, I would have taken home for my Mom to enjoy (I like tofu, she doesn't).  The cook who decided to use the ingredient took offense when I had sent the dish back.  I told the co-owner/host that I would gladly take the $8 dish home, only I couldn't since no one would be able to eat it, and that I'd like gladly pay for another dish if I could order something else.  In the end, I wasn't charged for the dish and service, once offered profusely every time I walked into that cafe, was non-existent from that time forward.  All this over an $8 item.  I didn't visit the cafe again for two months until a coworker told me that the friendlier co-owner was asking for me to come visit again.  I did, but, LTC, "you've lost that loving feeling."  It used to sadden me that I couldn't enjoy the great flavors LTC used to offer, but I've since found a handful of other places that offer equivalent, if not better, dishes!  I do wish the owners/cooks all the best in their venture, as they can provide delicious dishes at LTC.  I just hope they do not treat many of their customers as they did me.
4	Every time I come here I get a different experience.  It is never bad, but sometimes it is better than other times.  I normally get a dish with tofu, pineapple and cashews and yesterday the tofu was AMAZING.  Tofu is really hit or miss, so you learn to enjoy the misses if you want to order it a whole lot.  It was a hit yesterday though!The menu is fairly short, there is only ever one dish that sounds really good to me, but maybe sometime I will try something else.  The most annoying part about Lemon Grass is the drinks.  You receive only a can of soda rather than from a tap.  I am a fatass, greedy American who requires 32 ounces of soda at a meal!
5	My husband's mother is from Thailand so I have great home cooked Thai food to compare this place too. It is by far the closest to her cooking that I have found in this area. When she came into town we took her there and she loved the food and quickly made friends with the staff! Try this place out! The red curry is my favorite! Oh and you can bring your own beer or wine!!
2	I used to come here for lunch since their lunch special is such a good deal. I enjoy the variety of tofu dishes. The tempura was decent and the peanut sauce it came with was delicious, like honey and peanuts or something? I prefer the tofu dishes with flat noodles, spicy and with lots of veggies. The thai iced tea is also nice. I have not been there in a good while, last time I went I had the tofu pad thai and I could not eat it. It tasted like the smell of a wet dog. I am pretty sure it had fish sauce in it (no-no for vegetarian!) and yeah it made me gag. I wanted to give Lemongrass 3 stars but since moving to a neighborhood with amazing thai food I no longer feel theirs was up to par, thus meh, I've experienced better.
4	it's been over a week since I've been here and I still can't get over how good the food was! i love this place. I came here with my good friend Ree, after scouring yelp for a good place near by, we settled here for for dinner. I had a great time. :) I was STARVING when we entered the small resturant in a strip mall in Tempe. We immediatly ordered some tea and the Chicken Satee. I had the lemongrass tea, which was AMAZING btw... and my friend ordered the Thai (chai) tea and didn't care for it. I thought it kinda sucked that they didn't have free refils, but I guess that's a smart move considering the fact that they serve crazy spicy food! and can ... make more money! :PLooking over the menus, I loved how you can choose your dish and then choose which type of protien for it to be cooked with, you can choose chicken, pork, beef, seafood or tofu. My We placed our order and had a good time. We waited quite a while... a little too long, considering the place was half-full. Finally our food came and it was quite the event. My friend ordered the sizzling beef and it came out still sizzling on a hot iron plate, think Thai Fajitas. They were good but after a while my friend couldn't finish it because it was so sweet! I had a bite and I thought it was good, but I could tell it was a little on the sweet side. My dish wasn't as extravegent, but still good! I had the spicy noodles with Chicken. It was crazy yummy! Nice and spicy, i felt the burn occasionally in the back of my nose... amazing. We ordered dessert from the not as gracious waitress, but I guess it's okay... she wasn't rude... just not very happy to be there. The dessert was good. I had the warm purple sticky rice with coconut ice cream topped with chopped peanuts and my friend had the fried bananas with coconut ice cream that was also topped with chopped peanuts. I loved mine, it was this perfect combination of warm and cold and sweet and creamy with a lil zing of salt from the peanuts which completely changed the profile of the ice cream. I was in heaven! :D my friend's dessert was also great. The fresh bananas were wrapped in what I think if rice paper and deep fried to a nice crispyness, it was sweet but not too sweet. a great ending to the meal.To my yelpers - I say go. have fun and order dessert but please don't expect stellar service. I'll definatly be back for sure - with another thai cuisine lover in tow. :) Any takers?
4	This is a great place to get Thai food in the Tempe area.  The owner is the sister of a long-standing favorite Thai restaurant of mine, Mint Thai (in Gilbert), and has a lot of the same great menu items.  Curry Noodles, Panang Curry, and sticky rice with coconut custard are awesome!! They have a great lunch menu with reasonable prices, I highly recommend to any Thai food lovers or first-timers.
5	Perfect for Lunch!-completely different atmosphere than Thai Basil.The food is consistently good and the decor reminds me of the Gourmet Ghetto Thai restaurant (Thai Rama) in Berkley CA.I'm a tom-ka-tofu/gai connoisseur and I have to rank their Tom-Ka as one of the best. They slice the tofu very thin and it is a delight with a side of rice that turns into 2 meals. The pictures below don't do any justice to the presentation and this is one of the cleanest restaurants I've ever been in.Don't waste $ at Denny's get a much healthier tour de Thai.
5	I was sick of fast food and I needed to eat something different for lunch today . A coworker mentioned Lemongrass and I had one of the best meals of my life. I ordered the pad thai and every bite was amazing. I didn't know that pad thai could taste that good. This is going to be my new lunch spot I can't wait to try everything off the menu! If you are in the area give Lemongrass Thai Cuisine a try.
3	Boring and uninteresting. I asked for spicy and so it was. However, heat is never substitute for flavor! Neither it was this time. My friend did not specifically asked for spicy and mentioned there was no heat at all. Perhaps if one were to order some other more advanced dish there would be more flavor, but my lunch item was spicy yet bland and boring. So much in fact that i am not interested to come back and try anything else.
4	Solid 4 stars.I usually judge Thai places on their noodle dishes and this place is GREAT.  Their spicy noodles were better than most and very spicy when I ordered it "2 spicy" out of 3.  Ingredients were fresh, service was good, decor was simple but nice, and the price was fair.  Note:  You will like this place even more if you like Thai Milfs.The only thing that would make this place better would be if they carried soy milk to make Thai Tea.
3	I was alone during my lunch break which meant I could pick anywhere I wanted to go try a new spot. I chose Lemongrass. When you arrive at Lemongrass, all you see is the paint on the windows. It's ugly and looks cheap. Once you're inside, it's totally different. The restaurant is nicely decorated with dark wood and simple decor. I was seated right by the front door, which was semi-inconvenient because the door kept opening and closing behind me so I moved to the chair across from me and got a good shot of air every time the door opened. Oh well, I didn't ask for another spot because the place was SO busy! The waitress came back for my drink order (Thai coffee). And I also ordered the shrimp pad thai with medium heat. After a bit of a wait, my food was delivered piping hot! The pad thai was pretty good! My only issue is that the shrimp is tail-on. It's a bit of a pet peeve of mine. In a noodle dish with sauce in it, tail-on shrimp is a bit messy. I was also a little annoyed that I had to wait forever to get my bill and I had to go up to the front to pay my bill because I guess I wasn't as important after the tab was dropped on my table. Not a deal breaker but just annoying.I will most certainly go back and try Lemongrass again. I hope to give them another star to their food!
4	Read the other reviews for longer discussion.  I really feel that this place is given it's fair shake, it's a great little Thai place, no frills.The food is different than Thai Basil and Thai Elephant (both about a mile away) in that I think they offer a different selection of dishes, maybe from a different part of Thailand, maybe I'm talking out my ass.The dish I had been missing most from those other places they had though: Pra Ram Long Song.  Thick peanut sauce (think molasses) over beef and cabbage.  Serious comfort food, heavy, sweet and spicy.They definitely lose a star because they charge a dollar for rice.  What the f#ck Lemongrass?  Charging for rice at a Thai place?  That's like Guitar Center charging for some sweaty douche bag employee to showoff on the axe you're interested in; it is supposed to be free.
5	Lemongrass Thai was a wonderful surprise, given the somewhat ridiculous looking exterior. Located in a Pepto Bismol style pink strip mall, with neon painted windows, Lemongrass looks (from the outside) like a mistake waiting to happen.  But I was undaunted, armed as I was with loads of glowing recommendations from Google and a few Valley bloggers. We went in after the lunch rush and the place was gleaming and clean. Beautifully, sparsely decorated on the inside, it more than made up for the 1980s Phoenix style outer decor. Our very friendly waitress came over right away and offered some advice on the menu. I ended up getting Curry Noodles, while my husband got a beef curry of some kind.When our dishes arrived, I began spooning up my soup. The broth was flavorful and rich, and swimming with noodles, veggies, chunks of beef. That's right, soup...the curry noodles "beef curry" is really more like a beef broth. Though I wasn't at all in the mood for soup and wish the menu had made mention of the fact that the dish was far more similar to soup rather than curry, it was tasty. The crunchy noodles on top added textural interest and a contrasting flavor as well.My husband's dish was the Lemongrass Basil, with beef. It was really good, nice and flavorful and a well-balanced mix of veggies, beef and sauce. The veggies were crisply cooked and had nice bite. The dish wasn't as spicy as we had requested but most places rarely do that level of spiciness (Swaddee Thai being a notable exception).I also got a Thai iced tea and a coconut ice cream for dessert. Both were lovely, though I prefer Swaddee's coconut ice cream for its slightly sweeter flavor and creamier texture.Overall the meal was very good, promptly served and had great flavor. The prices were low and the restaurant was very clean, and I would be glad to go back and try some other things on the menu.One note though - the curry noodles I got were served in such a big portion that I couldn't finish it all. But, when I took it home, the previously crispy noodles served on top dissolved into a really very unpleasant mush. If you do order this (knowing that it is more like a soup than a curry), do yourself a favor and get the crispy noodles on the side. This way they will remain crispy and you can enjoy the leftovers the next day with no unwanted mushiness from waterlogged crispy noodles.
5	If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no.  Lemongrass is wonderfull. If you truly like Thai, not chain Thai. The lady's in the Kitchen will serve you food at it's freshest. One true testament in Thai cooking that I look for is COLOR. It is so important. All the vegetables are colorful. They are all flavorful. Now, what tastes good to me and what you like are different. So I hate to say you will love this dish.... . Believe me when I say I have never had a bad dish! Every item is TAY-STEE. Thai for yummy!!  You have the option of adding meats to your dish. They are all fine but do avoid adding beef. It is NOT GOOD. The only dish you should have beef in is the only dish on the menu designed for it. Beef Satay in Peanut sauce. TIP#1 If you love HOT food order your dish Thai Hot Plus! TIP#2 If the hot food is too much; order Thai Iced Tea to quell the burn. The Thai Iced Tea is  the best in AZ. It is super smoky and sweet.  PARKING SUCKS!!!!!!!
4	I think I found my new favorite Thai place, and it's in walking distance to my house! Hooray! I've only tried the chicken pad thai. It wasn't as sweet as other places but I don't like things that are too sweet. I asked for a little spicy and holy cow, talk about spicy! Again, very much enjoyed. Other reviews said the Thai iced tea was a must and that is solid advice; the drink was smokey and sweet and I'm wishing I had another one right now. Also, the portion size was huge so I'll be enjoying the pad thai for the next day or two. Don't be fooled by the run down, cheesy, Las Vegas style strip mall that Lemongrass is in; this place is tasty!
5	What a great Thai place!  It's close to my work, and whenever I can, I sneak in there for lunch!  The food comes to the table, piping hot, the ingredients are fresher than fresh, the flavors are delectable, the whole place is clean!  The service is terrific, led by sweet and efficient Rose.  My faves are Garlic Cashew Beef and Garlic Lover's Chicken ... yummo!  It's a bit pricer that going to fast food for lunch, but the service is almost as fast!  Parking can get a bit tricky because they share a parking lot with the strip mall, but it's worth figuring it out.  Great, great restaurant ... you'll love it!
3	Nice and firm please, that is how I like it, not soft and squishy.Unfortunately the tofu here is the latter. I ordered the yellow curry tofu, and the tofu was just chunks of softer tofu cut up into my curry. It was not fried or prepared in any other way first.  The curry was rich and had a good spice to it, there was also an ample amount of vegetables. The presentation with the rice moulded to a small cone was a nice touch. There is a lunch menu full of the usual Thai suspects, curries, pad Thai etc. The business it self is located in a odd small strip mall, the inside consists of high top tables by the window and normal tables in the inside.  It was pretty empty when we went for lunch on a weekday.
4	Their Pad Thai is very good as well as many other meals that come in a variety of spicy.  Dinner is very quiet and service is personable and prompt.  They are very nice people and the price is reasonable if not cheap.
4	Oh em gee! I really dig the Lemon Grass. I've been there a few times now and actually think I'm overdue for a revisit. I already gave a partial review for Lemon Grass on my Thai Basil review but thought it definitely deserved its very own from my very own me. This little bit of jade is stuffed into a holy crap I just passed it dirty little strip plaza next to a Sub(standard)Way and a poor golfing Mexican place that enjoys serving very dry (just this side of dust) carnitas. Truly a sin if there ever was one. God/s why isn't that sin in any of your "holy" books? I digress (that's a fun word isn't it?).  So yah, look out or you'll miss it. When you walk in you may do a double take on where you just stepped out of. Very cute (said in my most manly of voices) and comfortable. It's fairly small maybe only slightly larger than Thai Basil but there's ELBO ROOM, yahoo! I love canned sardines (especially on crackers with cheese and while watching Saturday/Sunday brunch time b-movies) but I don't like crowded eateries. The cordial staff is somewhat sprightly now and again and the food arrives in a timely fashion with a toofy nodding smile while eyes properly averted.Order the Thai ice tea! Just do it! That's all I'm going to say about it. The Pad Prik King with fried tofu (I've had it twice) and the Kang Dang (I love ordering with names like these) is a happy taste-bud and happy belly maker; absorutly marvolous (now I have that song stuck in my head). The Garlic Lover is pretty darn scrumptious as well. I need to sample more of the menu and add more later maybe even bump up another star. Definitely a happy ending every visit.
4	After a bad experience at a Thai restaurant, I swore off eating Thai food.  I don't like spicy food and I was thoroughly convinced that all Thai food is spicy (even if you tell them you want it mild).After talking to a colleague, he told me to try Lemongrass. He spoke so highly of it that I had to give Thai food a another try.  So I did and to my dismay, I loved it.  I checked Yelp before going and everyone recommended the Thai Basil.  That's what I ordered and I loved it.  I also got the Thai Iced Tea and that was yummy in my tummy sweetness.Lemongrass rocks and I will be back.
4	Great solid Thai food. Cheap, delicious, great service, cute setting (even though it won't look as much from the outside).
3	Good service, decent prices, solid food in a Tempe strip mall.  It looked like there were some good specials during the day, but we were there on a very quiet weekday night.  If you're good with spicy, dare yourself to ask for Thai spicy.  It's serious business.  Medium was just fine for me.  The veggies were fresh, but there could have been more variety in the green curry.  Tom Kha soup was delicious, but the individual portion is a bit small for it to be your whole meal.
4	The food here is great.  Based on where it is, you wouldn't think you could get good Thai food here, but you can.  If you can get past the exterior of the strip mall, once you get inside the decor and ambiance is nice.  Again though, the strength of this place is the quality of food they serve there.  I've been going there for over a year now, and absolutely love it.  I've tried just about everything on the menu, and my favorite - by far - is the curry noodles with chicken.  Do yourself a favor and stop by this little hole in the wall and be pleasantly surprised.  I'm sure you'll become a fan too.
3	I was with a coworker in the area and I suggested we stop in here.He was a bit worried when it did not seem up to pr on the front but I assured him it was good.I started my meal with the tofu cabbage soup, it was pretty decent. And for my main course I had the green curry with tofu. This was much lither than most curries, very little coconut cream. I enjoyed this fact, however if you want a richer dish keep looking. It came with  rice that was a bit over cooked. both dishes also included a small spring roll.My coworker the the Thai fried rice with pork that he liked, but to me it looked over cooked and like a big brown wad of rice.the prices were about $7.50 so it is not too cheap considering the other nicer options in the area.
2	So so. Couple of employees watching movie on a laptop in the center table with external speakers full blast. Very unprofessional. It was a bit spicy though we asked for mild. They charged us two dollars extra for rice because we wanted to share our dish. Lame.
4	I went here with a friend of mine and I really enjoyed it. The food was good, the prices not too bad. Our waitress was very friendly. Located in a  strange spot, never noticed it when I drove by. Cute place to go eat.
2	No free soda refills.  Tried the golden nests per the review below.  They were good, but the shell itself is very dry and deep fried and required a lot of additional sauce.  I don't think I'd get them again.  The was a little slower than expected, but its a pretty small place.  The pad Thai was a large portion and the ingredients definitely tasted fresh but I was not impressed.  Tasted a little bland.  The mosomon (ap) curry was also subpar.  My husband said Thai elephant's curry better.   They don't accept Amex but they were friendly and do have the good mints though...
2	If you are in the area I much prefer Thai Elephant which is near by.  We did a taste test on the soup- Tom Yum and Tom Kha.  One night we ordered a bowl of each at Thai Elephant and the very next night we made the same order at Lemongrass Thai.  T.E won hands down.Also, ordered what we thought was a vegetarian salad only to have to send it back and was told it had fish sauce on it.
4	As a resident of San Fransisco for almost three years I can say easily that I know Thai food. I lived an breathed it. I know what good Thai tastes like and I can easily judge the worth of a Thai restaurant by the taste of their pad Thai, or their yellow curry.When I moved to Tempe I was unsure that I would ever even find passable Thai--let alone good Thai food. So after trying three other Thai places (on other people's recommendation) I hesitantly tried Lemongrass. I ordered the Yellow Curry with an extra side of white rice.It was fantastic--everything was cooked perfectly and the curry sauce tasted exactly like it should--and had the correct thickness (not to thick but not runny at all). The only complaint I have is that the potatoes are obviously not cooked in the sauce and they should be (you can tell because outside of the outer layer of the potato pieces the potato isn't yellow). But even though they weren't cooked in the sauce (or even half cooked in the sauce) they were cooked perfectly, so the complaint is fairly minor.I highly recommend this place.
5	I have recently moved to Phoenix area and was on the search for some good Asian food. I had tried a few Chinese places that really sucked so I was hoping that this place would be good and boy oh boy was it! The food is very fresh tasting and you can order it to your preference, mild, hot, or very hot.  Its just a short drive from my house and the service is so fast! Perfect for a quick meal when I am starving. So far I have only tried the pad thai, colorful veggies and green curry but all of them were amazing. The staff is very sweet too. I dont like most chains. For the freshest tastiest Asian food go to Lemongrass!
1	Worst green curry I have ever had. The chicken and vegetables in the curry were good and fresh but the actual curry aSauce was awful!!! It said it was made with coconut milk, but I'm thinking more like coconut water, or maybe just plain water. It was runny and flavorless! But the spring roll that came with the lunch was good....
2	There are about five million Thai restaurants in town, and I have been to several. The first couple of times I ate food from this restaurant, it was takeout, and my buddy paid. Nothing special, but I didn't think much of it because I thought it was CHEAP. I took some vegetarian friends from out-of-town here to have dinner thinking it was a cheap hole-in-the-wall. It is a hole, but it isn't cheap.WAY too expensive for the quality of the food. And while their meat dishes are okay, their vegetarian dishes aren't anything special. I can't believe it took me eating here five times to figure out it was so overpriced. If the prices were lowered 1/3, the cost/benefit schism would balance, and the planets would align, peace would be restored in the Middle East, and I would rate this place a solid 3 for just okay food at a reasonable price.
3	This review is only for lunch, because they have a good lunch special and, unlike some of the other Thai restaurants in the area, you have the option of ordering off the regular menu or the lunch menu, which is necessary if you are in the mood for Tom Yum. And I really do appreciate the fact that at this place Thai Hot really is hot, but, if we are talking dinner I wouldn't recommend it, there are better priced, better quality options in Tempe.
5	My favorite Thai in Tempe!  Their Tempura veggies are really really good.  Particularly the sweet potatos.  My favorite dish is their signature dish - Lemongrass Chicken.  My friends like their dishes spicy spicy and Lemongrass does it up right for them!If you order take out they pack things up nicely for you and have a comfortable bar seating area for your short wait.  If you order a large Thai Ice Tea to go you get it in a ridiculously large cup - a great lunch time treat that will last you through the rest of your work afternoon.If you are there for dinner get dessert - sweet sticky rice with coconut ice cream.  Very very good.
5	Love it! Closest thing in Tempe to the food we actually had in Thailand.
4	As an avid Thai fan, I make it a point to try Thai everywhere I go. Lemongrass was my first Thai experience in Tempe, and I must say, I was pleased. The staff is friendly and the prices are cheap - there's a good start! The food was delicious, butttt...I had the Pad Thai, and it sort of lacked flavor. I mean, the slight flavor it had was good, but sadly not enough for me. I will return again though, and probably get a different dish next time.
2	I have been meaning to try this place for a long time as it is right by my office. I love, love love green curry so I ordered it with tofu with brown rice to go. After seeing my dish then reading the reviews, I just think that their curry is not their forte! It was watery, totally lacked the rich flavor I have come to expect from thai curry. The dish did not have a pleasant smell nor did it have any "zip" as I asked for medium spice. The veggies were fine but sparse (heavy on the bamboo shoots and carrots), but the actual curry left much to be desired. I will probably try another dish (maybe pad thai) at some point as I don't want to judge them solely off of one item! But for now, heed my warning and avoid the green curry.
4	I went to this place for lunch. It was a little crowded, but the service was still fast and friendly. Our food came out quickly, and it tasted very good. It actually had a medium amount of spice like we requested, unlike some places where even the mild is still uncomfortably spicy. Everything tasted very good, and was a reasonable price (we ordered from the lunch menu). I'll be going back.
4	We were in town for a cycling race, and found this place through Yelp. What an awesome little place! The food was delicious, and the service was great! I'll certainly come here again if I'm in the area.
3	Som Tom = adequate preparation, though small for the price.Service = gotta be part of a large party to get any attention..After experiencing a very poor Som Tom offering at another "Thai" restaurant, I came to try Lemongrass Thai Cafe.  When I entered, there was 1 table seated and one person who turned out to be waiting for the rest of her dining party  Waitress greeted me and directed me to a table.  She provided a menu and asked if I would like a beverage.  I ordered a beer and she was off.  She returned with my beer and asked if I was ready to order.  I placed my order for Som Tom with no shrimp and requested that the chef create a version with more Thai chile than they had ever used previously...along with a side of steamed rice.  Waitress wrote down my order and turned toward the kitchen.  She placed my order just as the remaining 9 of the party 1 patron was waiting for arrived.  Waitress seated and menu'd and water'd the party.  About 10 minutes later, waitress returned with my salad.  It looked to be about 1 1/3 cup of salad along with a similar-sized version of steamed rice.  It also had green beans, which were not listed in the menu.  I asked Waitress to take it back, as I did not see green beans on the menu.  She took the salad and went to the kitchen, returning shortly to ask if I was allergic to green beans or not.  I asked why that was relevant, as I did not want green beans in the salad.  She replied that the chef inquired.  I said I was not allergic, just passionately detested the taste of green beans.  She returned to the kitchen, then went to take orders from the large group.  I finished my beer while waiting for the salad.  When Waitress returned to the table with my salad,  I requested chile from Waitress.  She put her hands on her hips and said "You have not even tried it yet.  How could you know it needs more spice?"  I asked her if she saw any Thai chile in the salad.  She peered and said she saw none.  I took a bite and, as suspected, knew I would need more chile.  I renewed my request and she was off.  She returned with chile offerings and was off to the large group, making sure their water glasses were full and trading quick jokes with the diners.  I seasoned my salad and began to eat.  After a few bites, the desire for a drink made itself apparent.  I tried to catch Waitress' eye in her scurrying around the large party like a housefly.  It was to no avail.On completing my meal, Waitress returned to ask if I wanted anything else.  I asked about water and a bill.  Both were delivered with alacrity.  I paid the bill and left.
4	A friend wanted to meet for an early dinner and Is a regular here so I decided what the hell. WOW!  Very very good and great service!!!  I couldn't decide what together so we decided on 3 dishes and shared it. What a great idea!   We even had dessert!  Custard on sticky rice....aaaamazzzzing!!!
2	Came here for lunch. Masaman curry had tomatoes in it, so I ordered it without tomato (cause who has ever heard of masaman curry with tomato).Order medium spice. It tasted bland. Dish had a lot of chicken, but barely any vegetables. I would have liked a better balance.Soup was okay, as was the spring roll that came with the lunch special.Peanuts in the masaman were raw. I had ordered extra peanuts, as I have had Masaman curry at a lot of places, and I love the cooked peanuts. The raw peanuts were a raw deal.If you have time, head over a few miles to Chanpen Thai Cuisine. MUCH better quality food.If you work nearby and need a quick bite to eat, the prices were reasonable and service was good. But there are better Thai places close by.
4	It's sad to see the menu prices consistantly increasing. At least have a lunch menu on the weekends too. It's our favorite Thai place in The Valley, my boyfriend is obsessed with the Sweet and Sour Chicken, mainly for the cucumbers. I've gotten something different every time and have never been disappointed.
2	Had our first lunch there today, and was not very impressed. We both ordered a curry dish, and although it wasn't bad, it wasn't nearly the best i've had either. The most disappointing thing was that they brought us a salad with our lunch "specials", and didn't even ask what kind of dressing we wanted. It came with a catalina style dressing that we really disliked, and so that was a total waste of two otherwise nice looking side salads. So for $8+, we ended up with just some curry, a small side of rice, and a very small roll...not exactly a deal. The food was ok, but the service wasn't very friendly. the portions were not impressive. We will stick with THAI BASIL, as their food is much tastier, and their prices are more reasonable as well.
5	I love this place.The atmosphere and decor is simple but nice - very comfortable. The staff always make me feel so welcome when I'm there. It seems to be a family-run operation and the ladies working there seem to enjoy their jobs and have fun. I've come here many times on my lunch break, and they always get my food out really quickly and it comes out just as I've ordered. My two favorite dishes are the Ginger Queen and Pad Thai. Both are served piping hot with super-fresh veggies and the perfect amount of heat (I go for medium spicy). The flavors are perfect and the Pad Thai isn't oily at all like at some Thai restaurants. Portions are absolutely perfect: enough for a single meal if you're REALLY hungry or enough to take a little home for a second small meal. This is a simple, consistently-yummy, well-run restaurant. They know what they're doing and I'll continue to be a regular!
4	I tried this little place about 2 years ago, it has very fresh authentic Thai food. I hadnt been in in a couple of months, and recently I went in and found it to be just as good..there quality and Huge selection are just as good. I was delighted to see they have added Sake on the menu. The owner I think was very personable and bought us a round of Sake when we asked about it....we will have to make a point to remember this little GEM of a place. Prices are good for what you get we had leftovers. Although the plaza is a bit sketchy, it isclean, inside and relaxing. We will be back!
5	Peanut curry is best in the city, rich spicy flavor.Pad Thai is fantastic.  Love getting our food to go.Family run and very nice group of people.
4	Located in a strip mall, this is a hidden gem. Nipha and staff cook up some amazingly authentic Thai food.The staff has always made me feel welcome, and it is, by far, the best Thai food in the area. Thai Taste? Thai Elephant? HELLS NO! Unless you want that Americanized international food taste--overpowering servings of sugar to make food more of a dessert. Add enough plum or hoisin sauce? Whatever...If you swear by the Pad Thai at Grandy's (I'm being facetious here), you probably won't like it here, or in someplace, say, like Thailand (now I'm just being mean).My favorite dish is the silver noodles with chicken. I even have my own hotness level, "Toshi hot." It's above Thai hot, but below super Thai hot. About 2-3 minutes after I finish eating this dish, water starts running down the top of my head. I did have super Thai hot one time. Nipha made it for me. I had to go to the bathroom to get a bunch of paper towels to mop up all of the sweat dripping from my head and the back of my neck. Think of the movie "Airplane." Gross? Yes. It's nuts. No. I'm not making it up. I have witnesses. Completely and utterly delicious, but completely and utterly nuts. That being said, the texture and taste of the noodles are amazing. And I particularly love the addition of the eggs and mushrooms.If you want to experience some true Thai food, check this place out. And, maybe even experience some authentic papaya salad.
5	Lemongrass Thai has really great, friendly staff and owners. I live near the restaurant and stop in often for fresh spring rolls--some of the best I've had!
5	Been going  here for  years.   Service  has  always  been top notch. A big plus  is the  owner makes her curry paste  from scratch.  You will taste  the difference.
4	I found this place by accident while trying to find a different Thai restaurant, but I'm sure glad I wound up here. I stopped in for a lunch special which came with soup, rice, small fried spring roll, and entree. The soup was rather plain and unimpressive  the stir fried beef on the other hand was quite tasty. The sauce they used was delicious. And when I said I wanted it spicy, they sure made it spicy! Good on them. The employees were all very nice and accommodating as well. Highly recommended.
4	Was recommended here by an old friend and coworker when looking for a substitute from my usual lunch choices of fast food and tacos. So far i have been here twice, once getting the pad see ew and the next for pad Thai. Both times the food was good with the first trip being the heat test so I only got my dish cooked to their "medium" spiciness. A little bite to it but still able to taste. The second time is why holds back the fifth star here. I ordered the "Thai hot" pad Thai. I by no means prefer my food spicy but had to gauge it since the medium was so mild to me. It had its kick definitely, I just feel that someone looking for the burn would be disappointed. Maybe they saw the fear in my eyes that day and showed some mercy but regardless the food was still good and the Thai tea better!
5	I am Thai and very picky and very rarely do i go out for Thai food because I tend to be disappointed and feel that I paied way to much. That is not the case with lemon grass cafe. I got a strong craving for Thai food and was much to lazy to cook so i dared to try it. It is as authentic as it gets. All Thai cooks relatively cheap price and environment that reminds me of Thailand
1	Haven't been here in like 3 years because last time I had a bad experience with their customer service. But they do have good thai food, so I decided to give them another try last night. Aaaand we found a caterpillar in our curry. Like a decent medium sized fucking caterpillar. ENOUGH SAID.
4	Good Thai food, they will make it proper "Thai hot" if you ask them, not that watered down crud. You might have to convince them you mean it though.
4	They give you huge portions of food for your money! I've gotten to-go orders a few times from here and I've been only able to eat about half of my food before getting full.The steamed fish dishes are quite tasty. They include a lot of meat and veggies, and while some dishes such as the eggplant garlic are a little oily, it doesn't detract too much from the taste of the dish. The Thai hot dishes definitely kick up the spice level!
5	Awesome food awesome service.  Always fresh cooked. I recommend the Peanut Chicken Curry
1	I have picked up food for lunch from here several times before because it's close to my office and it was pretty good.  But because I took my food to-go, I never really had much of a service expectation.  Well, today, I was feeling a little under the weather and was craving soup.  There aren't a lot of options near my office so I figured I'd see what they had for soup.  I stopped in and looked at a to-go menu and ordered an individual bowl of soup (listed on the menu for $6.95).  The lady at the counter proceeded to tell me that I could only order it as a lunch special with rice and a spring roll. What?!  Who wants a side of rice with their soup?  I asked if I could get just the bowl of soup as it is listed on their menu.  She then said that she would give me the bowl of soup only if I paid in cash because my order was less than $10!I didn't have any cash on me and wasn't in the mood to negotiate for my soup, so I left.  Horrible service!  I will not be back.
2	Disappointing compared to Thai Elephant which is about a mile away.  I was disappointed with the Chicken Peanut Curry.  It was like getting a bowl of bland peanut soup with chicken and dry vegetables in it.   The spring role was good that came with the lunch entree.
3	Fantastic Thai Tea! The food is only ok. The service was relatively quick. Hard to visit  during peak times because of the lack of parking.
