4	Sicily's Pizza is my go to place if I want delivery because it's 24 hours. If I'm craving their Hawaiian Pizza (which I usually am) then I can get it delivered at 3am if wanted. I usually will not order anything with ham on it because it's just too salty... but the ham they put on this pizza is more sweet than anything. They also offer Buffalo Wings, Cheesecake with Strawberry, Bread sticks with cheese, Chicken Caesar Salad, Meat Calzone, Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken etc. I've only tried the pizza and the cheesy bread sticks which I can say tastes good on a lazy night in!
3	Good pizza, okay service. I saw a sign for a $4.99 two slice and a soda special so I decided to stop in. This is a take-it-to-go pizza shop with no place to dine in. The pizza was good but very stringy-cheesy and since I had to eat my slices in the car, very messy. I recommend skipping this place and going to Villa Pizza instead. It's walking distance from Sicily's and they have a $6.49 all-you-can-eat pizza, pasta, salad, and garlic knots special. (And their food is delicious!)
3	When I was a young lad I had my fair share working at sub par pizza parlors which helps me conclude Sicily's is equal to something around the qualities of Domino's.The biggest pros for Sicily's is that it is 24 hours (I'm not 100% sure, they claim it, and I have ordered something 3am in the morning), they're a small business (yay), they deliver, and.. they always have some promotion where you can snag something from them for cheap. Today I recall seeing two cheese slices and a soda for $4.99 which is great if you're looking for a quick meal during your lunch break. I recall a few times I've ordered a XL pizza for something around $6.99, thats crazy cheap. They pizza is also decent, medium crust, crispy,  they do not skimp out on the toppings, but you gotta eat it quick or else you'll face the dreaded soggy pizza (probably from having too many toppings). Their meat calzone is tasty, but also suffers from soggy syndrome if you wait too long.They also serve pasta, cheesecake, buffalo wings, breadsticks, and salads.
1	pizza is the same as any other pizza shop. the customer service is absolutely horrible. these guys have false advertising. i went in the shop expecting a $7.99 XL pizza as advertised but instead the worker said $17.99 i was already there so i decided to pay for it. it was supposed to come with wings but the guy said i have to order free wings when i order. who do they think they are? DO NOT COME HERE
5	Really good pizza
4	I'm totally new to Vegas and it was 1:30 am.  I hadn't had anything to eat all day so I wanted pizza to fill me up.  Called to place an order but didn't have a menu.  Cell phone dropped call.  Called again.  Drove to pickup the pizza and went to the wrong place.  Called again.  And then I told them it was the web's fault.  (Opps, it was my bad after all.) These guys are so patient.  Not a sarcastic tone or anything.  Really pleasant to talk to.And then the pizza.  I cannot ever make up my mind so I ordered two.  Can always put it in the fridge or freezer for other times. Had a piece of each. The spinach with feta, mushrooms, cheese and garlic-butter sauce was heavenly and the meatball and mushroom pizza with marinara was to die for. Both pies had just the right amount of each ingredient.  The crust was the perfect balance of crisp and dough.  It may not be the closest pizza joint to where I live, but they have my business no matter what the hour.
3	I received a flyer in my door one day that advertised 2 medium pizzas, any way that I like them, for $11.99. Sweet! I ordered my usuals but one with stuffed crust (no extra charge because of the coupon) & one regular. If I had to choose only one word to describe the pizzas, it would be: alright. I enjoyed the taste of the cheese but it was the type that's all in one piece so it's prone to doing the pizza landslide where everything falls off in one bite. The toppings were quality, and as Susan I. said, the ham is savory and delicious, unfortunately, the crusts didn't match up. I'm a sucker for stuffed crust from Pizza Hut where it has cheese oozing out and you can't see the other end, but this one clearly had a disappointing light at the end of it's tunnel. This crust also seemed to be thinner on the rest of the pizza so it got soggy before I even took my first bite. On the original crust, the center of the pizza was good but the crust was almost like a pizza from the freezer aisle. The people who worked there were really welcoming and their promotions are a great bargain if you're just looking for something to fill you up. P.S. There is now one table situated outside for those who want to dine in.
4	I went in n ordered 2 lrg pizzas for $16, n it was ready in 15mins! They were friendly, fast n pizza was good! The crust is similar to pizza hut but not nearly as oily, n they put a good amount of cheese on there. The best so far is Garlic Chicken, u have to try it, frickn awesome...one problem is pizza runs a lil small compared to other Italian pizzerias, the small is like a personal size, medium is a small, large is medium size n x-large looks like a basic large size. So of u r hungry n have to share be sure to order an X-large!
2	i agree with other yelpers - only order pizza here. the baked lasagna and spaghetti is horrible . i tried this place 3 times and i will never go back. the owner is really nasty to you if you present a Groupon. he gripes that he does not make any money on those. umm... hello? go talk to Groupon! i just order and deliver the food for several disabled/seniors around my neighborhood. i thought this was a local friendly place so started giving them some business . forget it. the food is mediocre. the calzone does get soggy if you wait too long to eat it. the veggie pizza does have lots of fresh veggies on it and they prep it super fast. note to others: IT IS NOT 24 HOURS!!!  as of October 2011, they are open from 11am until 3am. i arrived late from an overseas flight and tried to order at 5am and they were closed.
4	I only learned about this place from a flyer left on my door.  After a particularly long day, I had no desire to cook dinner so I took a look at the flyer.  The prices were pretty decent but the coupon for 2 mediums any way I want for only $11.99 looked perfect.  When I called to place my order, the girl was very friendly and answered my questions without any attitude (not an easy thing to come across in Vegas).  The man who delivered the pizzas was very friendly as well.  I hoped the pizzas were as good as the service....and let me just say, they were better!!  Oh my goodness....the crust was perfect...crispy on the outside and hot and doughy on the inside.  The sauce had good flavor and there wasn't too much of it.  The cheese and all the toppings were fresh and delicious.  I have finally found a great pizza place in Vegas.....it has only taken almost 9 years LOL
3	The food is pretty basic.  This is not a place really made for dining in there's a large table a little space inside and theirs barely any room to have 2 people walk around inside. Service was quick and friendly. They're open and delivery 24hrs a day. So that's cool. They have some good pizza deals. Prices were OK for about $20 I got a large one topping pizza, mozzarella sticks and bread sticks.
1	I ordered one small pizza and one medium pizza directly off their menu with no special additions.  That is not what was delivered to my door.  This was late on a monday night too. Not like some busy weekend rush or dinner hour to get in the way.  The real frustration came in trying to fix the order. After calling the place three times, I was put on hold, hung up on, unable to talk to the same person twice, major communication issues, and not once offered an apology or way to fix this.  They really need to work on the customer service. Over two hours later I was left with two small pizzas totaling $ 35.While I can't vouch for the actual taste of the pizza since I ended up with plain cheese, the service sucks.  This place just lost my business. Not worth the hassle.  I wish the best of luck to the rest of you!
3	Bought the groupon today, $10 for $5.Pros: two italian guys cooking, prices good, food generally goodCons: Bought the groupon, but only had online to go off of to order, online site messed up and prices/offerings are very different than the actual menu. Example: quoted $14 for a large pizza, but found out I could have got one for $7 if I had an actual menu. Prices online are more expensive than the actual cost. Pricing very sketchy.  Mushrooms on pizza clearly from a can??? Not sure.  Overall, not bad, but not good.  Especially given the 500 other pizza places to eat at in the city.
2	Order loads of food for multiple people at work. After an hour of waiting, we called back and were told that they "forgot to put in the order". They were nice enough to give us a small discount and upgrade some sizes of food. which would have been great but honestly with the quality of the food i could have done with a much smaller portion. Calzone - canned mushrooms??? That is never okay!Greek french fries w/ feta - why call them "Greek french fries w/ feta"? All I got was microwaved french fries with a pile of mediocre feta cheese, guess I assumed there would be some sort of seasoning.Chicken fingers(BBQ) - Drenched in BBQ sauce, how bout a side instead of pouring a jar of BBQ sauce onto tiny chicken fingers.Fettuccine Alfredo - Why were the noodles stuck together? You know what, I don't want to know.Buffalo chicken wings - I thought they should be crispy, wrong again.
1	So, i've been getting Sicily's Pizza flyers stuffed in the crevices of my door for the last few months and I thought hey a "24 hour delivery" pizza place, i'll keep this flyer handy  when i'm craving some pizza!!  So, i just get off work at 4am and I get a sudden hankering for a slice...  So, I order online because the flyer says I can get 20% off an online order.  So, I place my order and wait about 40 min.  Just to be sure they had gotten my order, I call the number and the lady on the phone says there is no 24 hour delivery in this location.  Come to find out there are like 10 locations of this place, most of which are in Alaska and the las vegas number I called was "dispatched" to a call center??? in Alaska.  I don't know who runs the Vegas location, but you guys need to stop printing out false advertising!!  And of all places, the location in Vegas ISN'T 24 hours????  This is the city that never sleeps, they should be 24 hrs!!!!And their main website doesn't even have the Vegas location on there!!!  I would have loved to try the pizza here, but now i'm over it!! Ughhh  Get your information straight!!!
5	Great pizza in an unexpected place. Recommended by one of my best friends, this joint has some of the best pizzas and value prices. You can order a $7 large pizza with Canadian bacon and you will get a quality pizza with an amazing flavor, unlike the cardboard tasting stuff you get at the other fast food chains. This place is open 24 hours and the owner is always there to greet you when you drop by to pick up your pie and gives you deals on drinks or dipping sauces if you are a regular at his place. Oh, and speaking of dipping sauces, make sure you get some BBQ wings to dip in ranch!
1	So I was craving wings n ordered a10piece well done light sauce and a ceaser salad. $17 delivery plus tip and 45-60 min delivery. Fine. the Guy showed up in 20min and the wings were under cooked  microwave BS I can't believe it. I will never order from here again!!!! Had to cook my wings in toaster oven for 20 min on 350. WTF. Seriously.
5	24/7 pizza delivery!!! Need I say more? I've had pizza here a few times and just revisited recently. How could I forget about this majestic hole-in-the-wall spot? I figure because I'd only get pizza after getting loaded at the PT's close by. Nonetheless, after seeing a Living Social deal for $7 for $14 worth of food, I was back on the wagon. While I remembered the pizza being delicious, I was kinda bummed that the deal excluded pizza. So I opted out for calzones. These babies were huge! Think 4 big slices of pizza with another pizza fold on top of it and you have their calzones. My man and I got 2 calzones, which was the prefect amount for the LS deal. He got the meat and I got the veggie calzone. I finished two of those deliciously cheesy and veggie stuffed pies and I was spent. Just to be clear, this isn't a restaurant or sit down restaurant. You come, you order and you leave happy, because you just got pizza or a yummy calzone. The guys behind the counter were super nice as well. So ultimately, if you are feigning for pizza and you're too lazy to get off your bum, call these guys! Your stomach and taste buds will thank me later.
5	So I order here all the time, infact im going to order after this review lol. So the food is great, service is always the best. Never been to the location as I always get my food delivered. All I can say is that the delivery guys are great, if it wasnt for their service I may not be ordering here so much. Keep it up!!!!
5	So I got home last night and was craving something to eat. I didn't have much in the house because I hadn't been to the store in awhile.I did a search for "delivery" on Yelp to see what would turn up. Lo and behold I discovered this place was fairly close to me and I'd never tried it.So having had a few beers and few shots of tequila I figured what the hell I'll give it a try. I ordered a Hawaiian Pizza a order of wings and a bottle of Pepsi. The food was at my door quicker than any delivery I've ever had!I'm very picky about wings. Most places seem way under cooked for my taste. These wings were great. My only complaint was they had just a bit two much sauce on them. I'd probably strain them next time just to let a bit of it drip off. But they were really tasty!The pizza was great! So good in fact this is gonna be my new pizza place to order from.I only ordered a medium one last night as it was the first time I'd ordered from them. It was so good last night that I ordered a large one for breakfast LOL seriously. I'm typing this as I await it's arrival. I'm just waiting to hit the post button until it arrives in case they're slower this time.Yep...very fast again. I'm off to have breakfast   :-)
3	This is the typical late night pizza to munch on when you're not sober.  They're not exactly open 24 hours but close enough.  We got a half and half of Hawaiian and Margherita.  That sounded a heck of a lot better after a few drinks but now sounds ridiculous as I type this.  The Hawaiian side touted double Canadian bacon, double cheese and double pineapple.  Everything was doubled but the bacon.  The Margherita side was just a cheese pizza with basil and sliced tomato slapped on the top.  The cheese was also burnt on that side due to the fact that the Hawaiian side took longer to cook.  I blame myself.  You should ask for a takeout menu before you order because they have coupons you can use right on the spot like 2 x-large (which is actually just a large) pizzas any way you want them for a little less then $18.
5	Pretty good pizza very fresh I want to give four but my husband says five so its five the only reason being I felt they play tricks telling you 12 chicken strips 4.99 (but when it sound to good right?!!) it was lol it was like three full chicken strips cut into four but on the flip hand they got me toche!! ill be back................but the price is always reasonable I have to say!
1	Don't come here if you're hungry. Pizza  quality is nothing special. Better off going to a typical place like Pizza Hut or Round Table.
1	Don't know why there are so many good reviews but this place had the most disgusting wings and mozzarella sticks I've ever had. The mozzarella wasn't even completely fried, still looked pale. Took one bite and was grossed out. The wings were swimming in grease which they called their hot sauce. I'm not very picky but this was probably one of the worst meals I've ever had in my life.
2	Everything about this place seemed a little shady. Advertised 24 hrs but not. Advertisement and pizza box specifically says 24hrs. Cook says those are old. Ad came out last week though. Order goes to call center apparently. Ordered 2 xl pizzas, came to pickup, and they were not even started yet. Cook says my number was invalid from his records based on another customer name Adam (really uncommon name I guess)'so he decided he wasn't going to fulfill the order. They didnt even ask for a number when ordering so How incredibly dumb and lazy can he be? So had to wait while 6 hungry kids await at home (not all my kids)Pizza was average, a little dough-y and salty. Cheap yes, but Plenty of other great pizza options. Avoid.
4	This is probably my favorite pizza place to go in Vegas, and my favorite all around late night hit spot. The Gyro Pizza is AMAZING. I have to say though... prob skip the deserts/appetizers... not the best. Sicily's will definitely be supplying the pizza at all my future parties :)
1	Let me begin by saying in the business of food guidelines should be set and not changed on a case by case basis......with that said,let's continue.one, online it says minimum is 12 bucks,fine. However, when they force you to order more there is a problem.two, placing an order shouldn't take twenty minutes through a basic call center. Then when you ask to speak to a manager they don't put you in contact with them. Food should not be an argument,I'm putting money in your pocket to put food in my belly....this place is rediculous and a joke.....never order from them; period. Update, got my food and it also tasted as bad as the service called back there times to try to rectify the entire situation with no avail.the management  is  incredibly rude and fixed nothing.shame
1	I have ordered from great places and I have ordered from crappy places. This place definitely makes the crap list. I ordered a pizza and sandwich around 6pm. I have the confirmation and everything, its good to go. Well at 7pm hits and there is still no pizza. I call and I am told they mixed my order with someone else's and I would have to wait an additional 45 mins. Well at 830pm comes and there is still no pizza. I call back and they tell me the order never made it out of the kitchen and they would have to remake it. They told me they would take 30% off if I was ok with waiting another 45 mins. I told them no thanks and they then offered me 40% off. Again, I said no thanks, and then they proceeded to hang up on me like I was the one that messed up. I used to work in the restaurant business. If someone waited 2 Hours and 30 mins for food that never came and then was asked to wait another 45 mins, it better be free. Sicilys Pizza obviously do not care about their customers.
1	Bummed. I ordered 2 times from this place. First time, doughy crust. Gave it another try last night. Both my daughter and i are lactose intolerant. Ordered 1 pizza no cheese. Of course when they arrived it was wrong. Called back from my phone, got put on hold for over 20 minutes. Called from my wifes phone got right through. Caller said i'll send a new pizza. Waited 2 hours and pizza never showed. Fell asleep it was only 2 am by this point. Called back the following day and the "manager" said yea supreme pizza? Everything is right. (Giving me the run around) I said i'll come down there and prove it. Brought the reciept and got money thrown at me for being right. Do not order pizza or food from this place. At this point ill order from corperate places. At least i can call and they will make it right even if its under ten bucks.
1	Worst customer service, cheap owners, & will not compromise for their Groupon buyers, false advertisements 24/7. Doors closes at midnight even tho it's stated 24/7. Product doesn't smell or taste fresh. Menu changes constantly. & prices go up every single month. WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS PIZZA PLACE TO ANYONE...go to NAPOLI Pizzeria #1 Spot In Vegas
4	So I read some of the reviews and was a little scared but car wasn't running and I had a house full of boys and low on funds so I ordered from here. This was a great choice. I got 2XL pizzas for $20 anyway I wanted. Everyone loved it. I didn't like that I asked for extra cheese and didn't get it but other than that the pizza was delicious. Would definitely order from here again.
4	Yes the crust is doughy (but I like soft bread) and Yes the people seem unprofessional, borderline obnoxious. I questioned my choice to come here on a drive-by whim. I was relieved to see the "A" rating from the health district on the wall while I waited for my $5 medium pizza. Honestly...I didn't want to like it, but it was DELICIOUS for my tastebuds. I am so embarrassed to admit I ate half my pizza, when I only intended to eat a Slice. I would get pizza here again, as long as they maintain the "A"!
3	the service is crappy,people are cheap,but if you want really good pizza at a great price,this is the place get it.the wings,way to spicy,and to much sauce,bread,yuck.so if you're in the mood for just pizza order here
1	Worst spaghetti I've ever had, and very little of it too. Will never order from them again! Rip off.
5	24 hour service!  702-333-8000Exceptional chicken fettuccine Alfredo! White pizza is to die for!!! Everything is homemade I love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. The owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!
3	I had this a couple weeks ago late at night, it wasn't bad for $8 for an XL with ground beef. The fact that it is 24 hours is always a good thing.
3	So last night - okay - EARLY this morning, I had a pizza craving.  And of course, there are very few late night delivery services. But in my searches, I found this joint. Orders at 230am and arrived at 340am. That was fine with me, because it was actually a distance from my home.  I ordered a large pepperoni thin crust and "mozzarella cheese sticks". The pie was actually really good - bit on the cool side due to the distance but nonetheless, pretty good pie.  I would order it again.  The cheese sticks?? Not so much. Half cooked, clearly microwaved nastiness. Needless to say, I didn't eat those.  The delivery driver was friendly, the service pretty good, pizza VERY good but I would stop at that.
1	they suck order online and they don't even get the order right 39$ for 2 medium sized pizza's when ordering 2 LARGE pizzas.. i could have gotten better pizza from manh***en pizza or nap*** pizza.edit: they call a 14" pizza a large save your money its a ripoff!
1	me and my family visit Vegas every so often and we love the food there great city but this was the worst customer service experience we have ever had with any type of restaurant the owner's attitude was not very great bad temper and for the price we paid for not worth it we wont be eating there again and will be telling all my family and friends to do so if it was possible to give 0 stars i would
1	If I am able to give zero stars I would.   First of all the Management and delivery staff are RUDE!  The delivery guy sat in from of my office for 10 minutes with our food in his car before he came into our door.  Secondly, we ordered "Sandwich's."  Their definition of a Sandwich and mine are completely different.  When it came it was a Calzone not a Sandwich. They should really tell people that their sandwichs are actually Calzones.  I do not eat Calzones. When I called to complain the manager was rude and raised his voice.  He asked me why his delivery guy was doing in his car for 10 minutes.  I said it looked like he may have been on his phone but I don't know because I was not in his car with him.  The manager then responded with a wise remark.  The manager also decided he was done speaking with me and HUNG UP ON ME!!!!  This place is very unprofessional and really needs an attitude adjustment.  One of the ladies decided to at least try and eat what was delivered.  It is greasy and inedible.  It is nothing but dough.I will NEVER order from them again and recommend you don't either.
2	I waited an hour for wings and fries. And when the food got here I wasn't impressed and the fries were soggy.
1	I can't speak to the quality of the pizza here, but the rest of their food was awful. We found a little menu in our door and thought we'd give it a shot by ordering the buffalo chicken fingers with a side of Greek fries. On the menu its listed as 10 or 6 wings for $6.99 (which doesn't make a lot of sense) but when we ordered on the phone were told it was TWELVE for $6.99, something we confirmed three times before hanging up. The food took about an hour to show up, which isn't that bad. What was bad were the fries, which were nowhere near being done. They were a wet, soggy mess and a total write off. The chicken fingers tasted like they were frozen, microwaved, then brought to us an hour later. To cap things off, this whole debacle cost $20. We asked for a couple extra ranch dips, they charged us a buck each for three of them. Then they charged us $9.99 for the chicken (even though we confirmed the $6.99 price 3 times on the phone) and $2.99 for the uncooked fries. Add the delivery charge and tip and we were left $20 poorer and still hungry 90 minutes later. Based on this experience I wouldn't dare try ordering a pizza or anything else from here.
1	I ordered a pizza at 12:00 am when the pizza still hadn't showed up at1:30am I called and all the lady could say is, I don't know he should be there soon. I was shocked with tHe response and then went to bed hungry. Then I got a knock at the door at 2am and there he stood a pizza delivery driver with a nice cold, Cold pizza that looked like it had Been warm, but hours ago. The service of the lady on the phone was f?) $3@... and the 90 year-old man delivering the food must not have had a car but a peddle bike.wow never again. . Thanks for the frozen pie. ....
5	Truly one of the most amazing pizza places in the city, especially for the price. But I would honestly pay double for the quality they provide. Their consistency keeps me coming back. I LOVE that they are open 24 hours, which fits with my crazy schedule, and they're nowhere near the strip where most great 24 hour places are! The serve pizza, sandwiches, calzones, Italian desserts, etc. Pretty much the expected items at a pizza place. When you call, you do not reach the store but a call-center, that takes your order and forwards it to the store. I have had a couple experiences with a rude girl/woman on the other end while ordering, but this is the only mishap.The pizza itself is always perfectly cooked, top and bottom, with a level of freshness that you can taste in the dough, sauce, and toppings. They even have a medium 1-topping for $5.00 carryout. Their specialty pizzas may seem expensive (one X-large is 15.99) but being creative with the deals (two X-large any way you want them) let me get two X-large specialty pizzas for $20 plus tax, making each $10.There are only a couple chairs to wait for pizza, so don't plan a date at this place. There is nowhere to eat. Simply great pizza for carry out or delivery 24 hours. Five stars, despite the cranky order-taker.
5	Their dough and toppings taste fresh. I love that you can request half and half and choose any crust you want. We ordered the thin grilled garlic chicken. Delivery took just under 45 mins.
1	They advertise 24h delivery, I just called them. The current time us six eleven, am, and the lsdy told me they're close, extremely disappointed, and kinda upset, I was hella craving for a pizza.
1	This place is super funny.. one hell of a joke. I placed an order at 4am... started getting anxious and curious by 5:30am. Called them and asked when the driver would be here. She said "the driver isnt picking up his phone. I dont know where he is" she hung up on me. I called back.. the same lady answered. She then said i dont know Whats going on but the delivery hours are closed now. Pizza guy shows up at 6am. I open the pizza and the whole order was wrong & the pizza was cold.. ive never been so flabbergasted in my life.
1	Pizza was disgusting; not fresh and reminded me of Red Barron. My order took exactly 1hr 47min to arrive; and was cold. When I called to complain; I was provided a $2 discount. The girl was rude; and acted as if it happens all the time; so it was simply no big deal. My order from this place was a mistake to begin with; as I thought I had ordered from my FAVORITE place, Sicilis. BIG MISTAKE!!! If you want GOOD and Authentic pizza; ORDER FROM SICILIS on Twain. Stay far, far away from this place.
1	I wish there was a way I could give them no stars at all.  The food is decent (when it's correct), but the service is awful.  I usually order pizza or their chicken fettuccine alfredo.  Tonight I ordered the chicken alfredo at about 4:00 pm.  It was delivered an hour later and wasn't how we ordered it.  I called and she asked me if I wanted a  10% discount on a future order.  No lady, I just want what I ordered.  She acted like it was a huge deal to send me what I had originally ordered.  It's now 7:00 pm. and we still have not got our reorder.  This is just crazy!  I called about a half an hour ago to ask where it was and she said it was on the way.  It's been 3 hours since I originally called and ordered food and they act like I'm a problem for them.  Wow!  I will NEVER order from this place again.
4	Just went back last night here and got a medium pizza for $5. Person working late last night was very friendly and the lady who took my order was very polite.
1	Ordered for delivery and never received my order. The person working at the time that I checked on it didn't know what happened. This was 2 hours after I ordered. The time that I tried their good for pick up it was overly greasy and soggy.
2	Ok so I won't give it a one star but Ill try one more time to figure it out. Side note - today is my day off and normally would always go for some pizza or something so decided to try it. White Garlic pizza - First off I am a huge fan of white garlic pizza if its done right like. either with a oil garlic blend on it. This one well not so much. The crust was super buttery I mean like if you like butter then this is your pizza for you.. I think I should of copied Philip T advise and got hammered then came in here then ordered. The cheese is ok and not sure on the dough I can't make out if its homemade or not to me it has a weird taste to it either being a PHO- Dough or real I still can't figure out. I ordered chicken wings there more lollipop style witch I guess is the rage here.. to me its over played. Give me a high quality jumbo chicken wing over these any day. They where ok however no sauce and asked for sauce. Also for to go or delivery you get these blue cheese and guessing ranch packets they say artificially flavored -- Its not a good practice to have these I recommend going with some other company that does not word this -- due to the fact I trashed them Its not that hard to make blue cheese or buy in -- actually Kerns blue cheese is really good and if you get that I would recommend getting some more blue cheese crumbles and combining the 2 it killer good. Overall -- If your not drunk, high .. on life that is then this place might not be for youEating should be about exceptions and overcoming them especially in Vegas.  And if you think this is a hard review then its not the reason I love most of the restaurant's I have been to and seldom leave negative review's unless worthy.
1	My first time using yelp and this delivery service was horrible. It took an hour and 30 for it come after quoting us 45 minutes. The pizza came and it was like warm at best. The driver didn't have my pizza in a warmer when I got it. The pizza itself is hard to judge because I didn't get it hot but the sauce tasted decent. Wouldn't use this place again just because of the fact they didn't deliver a hot pizza
4	Damn, the cheese makes all the difference in the world. The people here take pride in what they make and you can tell. These are true Italians with a true concern for what they produce. I've never left disappointed and their prices arent so bad either
1	Horrible experience. Thought if give a new place a whirl on my birthday. Big mistake and here is why.Chicken fingers were like frozen strips of par breaded chewy pressed chicken meat. Par dipped in buffalo sauce Pizza - I had one slice... Enough saidDelivery - driver forgot my beverages.Still trying to erase this from my memory!
1	I was craving pizza really bad and we had a menu at our store for this place. So I decided to try it out and got it. I was starving by the time they came and the pizza was still a dissapointment. I paid 20 dollars for the pizza and breadsticks the large pizza was small. The same size as little ceasers $5 pizza and the quality is worse than that of ceasers. Both the pizza and breadsticks was over cooked. Im realky pissed I wasted my hard earned money here. I couldnt even ask anyone else to help pay for the pizza because it was so gross and I picked the place. I really want a refund! Do not order from here
4	- Since I've Lived in Las Vegas This Has Been My Favorite Pizza Spot  I Always Order The Pepperoni Deluxe && Pepsi Best Combo !!!!
1	I hate saying this but I am truly disappointed maybe I ordered too late 3:15 am but the pizza came super fast less than 25 min, then I realized why.  It was reheated and stale, i ordered the extra pepperoni stuffed crust, and it had a layer of  pepperoni over a 2 day old stale hard disgusting old pizza.  Seriously so gross, I over tipped (I also ordered baklava which I also don't recommend because it's a tiny sliver and not worth it) but gave the guy $28 and am so mad at myself!  THIS PIZZA IS NOT EDIBLE! And I mean that in the most serious way, I'm literally not able to chew this gross thing I received (cannot even tell if it is stuffed crust it is so hard) ugh bummer was dying for pizza and wish I would have spent my hard earned money else where.  I will NEVER order here again yuck.
1	The pepperoni 's tasted stale. I couldn't believe they would send that nasty pizza out. My family could not eat this horrible pizza.
3	Ordered the meat and the pineapple with ham. Both were good.  Crust was nice, a bit soggy but probably because it was quite a long journey on the road before it reached our mouths. They were very friendly and gave a discount because it arrived later than promised. Overall, we had them delivered twice and it soaked up the alcohol well:-)  yum.
1	I agree with my friend, Phillip, Holly, and Lauri.If you're a "stoner", and it's the "wee hours" of the morning, and you don't want to be bothered to make a Frozen Pizza, and just have to have Pizza, this is the only reason you go, or call this place.On the positive side, they are open 24/7 and deliver. So, if you are unable to drive, this beats a DUI. That's about it.First, if you look at the pictures, you will note that you can certainly taste the cheese in the Pizza. That's because they are very stingy with the toppings. I dare you to find the Italian Sausage on a Sausage Pizza. Good luck.Very inconsistent taste, and not that good.I get my Pedicures next door to this place and was curious. So, one day I had to feed the workers at my house, and thought, "I can feed a group, and get off cheap."I also bought a medium, only $5, for my pet groomers.I paid the price. The next day, my workers boycotted my house, and the pet groomer mysteriously canceled my regular appoinment to have my Pug bathed and groomed.My image for being generous with my help, took a big hit.Lesson, if you are stoned and really have a bad case of the "munchies", don't spoil the exerience with this Pizza. Find someone who is sober, and make the journey to Jack In The Box. No matter how bad you think Jack In The Box is, it's got to be better than this place.
1	Don't waste your money!$44 bought us 1 medium pepperoni pizza, 20 buffalo wings, and 1 gyro sandwich.During pickup the window advertisement says Pickup Special: $5 med 1 topping pizza. Nope. That just means cheese pizza. So I paid $13+ for a pepperoni pizza. Upon returning home, we found the pizza to be over cooked and something we could have picked up in the frozen section at a grocery store. Poor quality. Wings are tiny and as previous reviews, in an oily buffalo sauce. The gyro was a do-it-yourself number. Just lamb on the pita with ingredients put in piles on top of each other in to-go styrofoam.If I wanted to make my own sandwich, I would have just made one at home. Disappointing overall. Won't be back.
4	Delicious pizza, delivered  faster than expected. Much better than your generic dominoes/pizza hut. Recorded for a delightful dinner/late night snack .
1	Was hungry after long car ride called at 1245 am.  We were told 45 min.  90 min later driver calls says he's 20 min away.  1.9 miles from our house is how far the joint is.  We called them cancelled they offered 10 percent discount.  Said no thanks goin to bed. 2:25 door bell rings and driver calls says he's here. Wanted to send our mastiff to greet him.  Decided not to They can eat the pizza...
1	Horrible! Waited an hour and a half  for a 45 minute delivery. Called them up and they lied that they called us and the hotel and knocked on the door. Full of lies! No one was contacted. Don't be loitering at our hotel and advertise if your not going to follow through. Better not see anymore junk on my room door. Ruined the night,appetite,and just an overall bad experience. I wouldn't order from people who can't follow through when they are desperate for business and leave advertisements on your door.
1	I called to place a delivery order on September 26th and the young woman who answered the phones told me they were unable due to internal issues. Seriously?? You're not being honest, you're just being lazy.
1	Okay, this is going to be my first negative Yelp review:  I came in an ordered $5 of food -- a medium pizza with one topping -- a suggestion by the owner.  When I got myorder I also asked for some more red peppers, a cup water, and some napkins.  The owner (a guy with one tooth, or so he appeared) brought me the peppers, but notthe water or napkins.  I asked again for both and he brought me some water grudgingly -- it had no ice.  I asked about the napkins and his response:  "Is that it, do you want me to keep going back and forth -- for a $5 order?"  Can you say a-s-s-h-o-l-e?  As if whether the fact that I chose to patronize his establishment and paid $5 or $50 should make a difference in the way I'm treated.  AllI do is to recommend:  "STAY AWAY!"
1	I've ordered from here several times, and EVERY single time they've gotten the order wrong and tonight they also forgot to deliver the liter of Pepsi. We called and asked for the Pepsi we paid for, and they said they can't deliver one tonight but next time we'd receive a free Pepsi. I said it's not free because we paid for one and didn't receive it and they didn't understand. Don't ever order from here!
1	Terrible experience. After an hour and a half, we called to see what was talking so long. They said that they had lost our order, but that they could get us a pizza in 45 minutes. Two hours and fifteen minutes is too long to wait for bad pizza. So I canceled my order and just made top ramen!
1	Only reason I visited this place was because limited options for pizza in my area during late night. Next time I'll just opt for a frozen pizza in the oven. Wings were terrible. Ranch is pre-packaged nasty stuff. Never again!
1	I originally thought this would be a cool place to order from, being as how I received an insert in my door from this place with killer coupons and 24hr delivery. The woman on the phone was so sweet, but apparently she didn't ring in the second pizza of the buy 2 medium any toppings for $14.99.. Not a big deal. We ordered pasta, salad, and cinnamon sticks too, and those we actually received. But the second pizza was missing. So we called back, they apologized and were making it and going to bring it to us, AMAZING, right?Well this random number calls us 2 minutes later and it's the owner who hardly speaks any english, he's literally yelling at me, telling me to check the receipt, and "LISTEN TO ME" over and over again. I told him to forget it, he lost a customer, you don't talk to people like that.. He sent the delivery guy back anyway and expected us to pay! Our receipt showed the special on it too, with the second pizza not rung in. If he would've acted like a rational adult, I would've gladly paid. The food was disgusting too. It reminded me of Cece's or pizza from an amusement park.. And not a good one. Big disappointment.
1	Terrible service can't take and order properly. They over charge. Received menu 2 days later ordered and over charged again. Billed credit card twice for tip. And food way cold and chicken was over cooked and was discusting. Billed twice for 1 item. Warning don't eat there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!didn't even deserve 1 star!
1	Do yourself a favor by saving your $, headaches, and hassle and order somewhere else. This place sucks period. I'm from outta town passing through Vegas and wanted some good pizza. It looked decent, but as soon as I bit into the calzone I thought "where the hell is all the filling?" It was literally 75% crust and the other portion tasted like it came right from a Can. Then upon further inspection they forgot the garlic bread. (They seem to forget things apparently) called and was told the delivery driver would come back and drop it off, and nothing. By the way this was around 2am.  Fuck this place in their dumb fucktarded asses. And there garbage food.
1	don't order from them! bad service had me wait 45 mins and have half my order wrong had me wait another 45 mins to bring the rest of my food!!!! this is the most horrible experince ivr ever had ordering food from a restaurant!it's good to know that they'll be out of business in the next few months. places like this don't last long.
1	I ordered thru internet for a medium pizza totaling $18.47 including tips/tax. Upon pick up,the place was not customer friendly. There were 4 men and was just looking at me and my girl. Most places greet you with a smile but this place does not. I finally told them that we ordered thru internet and one of them keep asking what. I had to repeat myself again but this guy was listening to his headphone and didn't have the courtesy to take it off.He finally brought my order and to my surprise the pizza was awfully small for a medium. I kept looking at the pizza and I asked how big are the pizzas in terms of inches but the guy I asked with the headphone could not tell me. He was about to deliver an order and i asked him how big the pizza he was holding & he said it was medium. I told him that my medium was smaller, then he immediately corrected himself that it was a large & attempted to change the subject about delivery cost. At that moment, it was not worth it anymore to talk to this people. They laughed as I walked away. These people are dishonest and there internet prices are higher. I would not recommend this place to anyone unless you prefer to deal with dishonest unfriendly people. I would mark zero star but survey requires at least one.
1	Living less than a mile from the restaurant I got a takeout menu with coupons in my door. I called to place my order. I explained my coupon prior to ordering. After taking my order I was given a total $6 higher than the coupon.  Even with the high tax rate, I knew this was wrong. I inquired. The rude girl taking my order said we're on a different coupon now that's $1 more. That still doesn't explain a $6 price difference.  My coupon wasn't expired. She refused to honor what i was given. Will be following up on their false advertising.
5	Im very surprised that this place has got so many negative reviews. Other than Grimaldis  garlic white sauce pizza, id say Sicilis pizza is the best in town. Every person ive recommended this place to, has told me this is their favorite pizza place in town. The crust is amazing.Now to be fair ive never ordered delivery from there, and ive never ordered a pizza from there during rush times. I have had a few  times where staff wasnt the greatest. The hours and location is good for people in that area.
2	I very rarely give a place less than three stars. I ordered online. I decided to get a medium pizza and an order of the poppers. The delivery guy was really nice and my food came quickly. The food quality was the issue. The poppers looked freezer burnt... Like a whiteish grey popper that was fried, not the golden brown most people would expect and they tasted old and soggy. Ick. The pizza was probably the smallest Ive ever seen and not cooked all the way in the center. After tasting it, I decided I could only tolerate a few bites and I tossed it out. I was hoping to find a local pizza business that could win my heart over to take me away from the big chains, but this surely wont be happening at Sicily's. The service was great... Easy to order and fast delivery but the food wasn't to my liking.
1	Use to be good, looks like the old guy who worked there before got shitty is no longer there. Disappointed.... Don't order from here
5	Pretty good!! Not sure why there are so many bad reviews. We got a large pizza, Greek fries and delivery for $13. No complaints! I didn't check the time I ordered but I felt like it was delivered in a timely manner. Nice change from Pizza Hut and to have something more authentic. I would order again.
1	Customer service from the order taker and driver were decent, but this place serves really, really terrible food. I should have known, but I was drawn by what I thought was an awesome coupon deal. You know how you order delivery, and the food smells good? That's not the case here. It reeked of onions.The pizza was undercooked and bare. I had the Supreme which was overloaded with diced raw onions and barely had any other toppings. Also, I never thought anyone could screw up Buffalo wings. It's just fried wings with buffalo sauce, but they couldn't even do that. The wings looked unsauced and when I asked the driver about it, he was confident that the sauce was there. After a closer inspection I understood, and it was right then and there that I realized their idea of buffalo sauce is lightly dyed grease. Besides a very faint smidge of color in the grease, there was no hint of buffalo at all. The wings were really old, as if they were reheated and chilled several times. That was most likely the case. I tossed them away fearing food poisoning in my near future.I am hoping I can stomach the rest of my pizza after reheating it myself. I wish I could get a refund, but I don't want to put up a fight just to hear that they won't provide one. Potential customers, please do yourself a favor and stay clear; the only valuable thing you'd be ordering here is a life lesson.
1	If I could give this place a ZERO stars I would. The pizza was horrible.. They messed up on the order and forgot something then said they'd come back to fix it which they never did. When I called back again to get my $$ back the lady was super rude about it and said the driver would be back but still never came. Such a bad business along with horrible customer service. Never have I ever had to deal with something like that with a restaurant. Do not eat here!!!
1	I ordered 2 medium pizzas,  wings,  and  2 orders of fries with cheese.  I received 2 smallish pizzas,  tiny order of plain fries,  and no wings.  I called and was told they would be on their way soon with the delivery. An hour went by and I called back. I was then told to contact Eat24 (the app I ordered through) for the refund and they would not deliver the missing items.  That would have been nice to know the hour before instead of lying! So,  I contacted the customer service for the app and they handled it (THANK YOU). Not only were my pizzas small,  but my fries were soggy.  Seriously?  Get it together. This looks/tastes like someone went to a grocery store and heated stuff up in a microwave.
1	Very disappointed with this place. Just got to Vegas and decide to order some food. Placed the order online (you can't use coupons online), but we were hungry so who cares. The order never finished loading so I decided to call them. Spoke with a woman and told me the order did go through and it would take at least 1 hour and a half to get the food. After hanging up I decide it was too long of a wait so I called her back to cancel. She asked for my address and told me "ok, your order is canceled" I said thank you and hung up. 3 minutes later she calls me back and with attitude says "you just called to cancel your order and hung up on me, what is your room number" Are you kidding me? What kind of service is this? I tried to tell her she told me everything was canceled but she did not listen. Then let me know how there is 3 different orders from this hotel, how was she supposed to know which one was my order. Not sure of the name of the lady because I could barely understand her, but she was working at 1am on Dec. 25.First impression always counts. Go somewhere else for pizza.
1	Never ordering from here again. They took way longer than an hour to get to our house and there wasn't any icing on the cinnamon sticks I ordered, nor the extra side of icing or strawberries.
1	Paid $35 (includes my food order, $5 delivery fee from Eat 24 hours, tax, tip) for a mediocre, barely warm $11.99 medium Mama Mia pizza with "canned" mushrooms, $7.99 wings that were small and dry, and $2.99 side salad with just lettuce and a few tomatoes. Way overpriced and not very good.
1	Just wish I would have read the reviews for this place before I ordered. Was going to write a scathing review but all you have to do is look at their Google and Yelp reviews (with the exception of the obvious "good" reviews from their friends) and you will get an idea of the quality of food they are sending out the door.  YUCK quite possibly a health hazard. My advice to Sicily's; close your doors before someone gets really sick.
1	Terrible food and customer service. Called to inform the manager that we were delivered cold food and was over charged. He informed me that if our hotel was out of their range ( 20 minutes away instead of 15) we were to be double charged for delivery' and being so far away our food got cold. He told me he didn't have time to talk with because he was too busy and hung up. Very offended with how they handle complaints. Would of at least appreciated an apology.
1	My boyfriend and I were up late due to the crying baby and decided to order pizza. We put in the order in at 3:00am and it said a 30-45 min wait. After a hour I called and asked if the driver had left yet politely, the women who answered the phone was rude and had a nasty attitude. When she said the driver left I thanked her and told her to have a good night she said uh huh and cut me off by hanging up on me. Finally at 4:32 the food arrived and the pizza was cold and we had to reheat it in the oven, then the French fries were soggy and cold and frankly disgusting. The only thing I liked was the delivery driver, we asked to be called so he wouldn't knock and wake up the baby. He was very nice and the only pleasant thing about this experience. A hour later my boyfriend is stuck in the bathroom throwing up and I'm on the brink of it as well. Do not eat there food! I made the mistake of not reading the reviews first! Save your money, because this place was my worst food experience I've ever had.
1	The last time we ordered from this place is took an hour and a half to get our food. We decided to give it another try, we ordered tonight, they said it would be 45 mins-1 hour. THREE HOURS later we call them ( for a second time) and they say the pizza is still at the restaurant, "we got busy, we can't help it". I can understand getting busy, but why would anybody even want a pizza that's been sitting there for more than 2 hrs?! And we're less than 5 miles down Durango from them. The food is decent, but we won't be ordering from them again. Don't waste your time.
