5	Best. Burger. Ever.
5	The Burger at The Attic is one of those burgers you can judge on looks alone. A glistening patty of beef that sits atop a pretzel bun stacked with fresh and well thought out ingredients. The full list of ingredients consists of a bakery-fresh pretzel bun, 1/2 pound of juicy beef, spring mix, tomato, chipotle mayo, and your choice of cheese (and you have to add the optional bacon). The burger pairs many complementary flavors and a blend of sweet, savory, and spicy along with the combination of fresh premium ingredients will make your mouth water. I'd personally suggest adding on the bacon and selecting provolone cheese. The chipotle mayo does plenty to bring a little bit of kick for your tastebuds. Egg was offered as an upgrade/option but I believe it wouldn't do much to complement all the veggies on the burger, and it would make the entire burger unmanageable. This gem is like hitting the jackpot... easily the best burger in Phoenix.
5	Amazing burger!We stopped in for the Wednesday night special (burger and draft for $10). The restaurant is open, with neat decor and a nice ambiance. Service was good, too. The burgers were perfectly cooked (we asked for medium). The veggies were fresh and crisp, and the pretzel bun, though a little salty, was a great accent. Fries were fresh and fried to perfection. Our server was super nice and let my glass of wine count as part of the Wednesday special.I really want to try their other stuff, like the pizzas, but if nothing else, try the burger. So, so good!
4	Lots of beers available. Several wines available as well. Good selections of both beer and wine to choose from. Burger and a beer for $10 every Wed. after 4pm. The burger is awesome, one of the best around as of late. Great deal. Nice patio overlooking Camelback Mtn. Live music on occasion.
4	Oh, Attic. How I love thee. Thanks for the great burgers and beers and for keeping that darn amazing bruschetta with candied pancetta (on the old Cave & Ives menu). You rock!
3	This is not a 4 or 5 star restaurant.  Four of us went tonight for $10 burger and beer special.  I had been once when it was Caves and Ives and the elements that contributed to its demise are still present: super-loud atmosphere and staffing that is not adequate to give top-notch service.  For a restaurant that was supposed to be out of business, they should take the name off of the side of the building, and don't run the credit cards with the old name on the receipt.So the good things: 21 beers on tap with a good national selection; as a supporter of locally-crafted beer, I wish they would feature some of the excellent AZ beer being made.  The burger was huge and would easily feed 2 pretty hungry people.  But my medium-well burger was cooked more than the other burgers that were ordered medium, and the "no mayo" part of the order was missed on one.As near as I could tell, there were only 2 waitresses and the bartender (no hostess) waiting on the whole restaurant. And they were literally running back and forth, so while I appreciate their efforts, it's poor form for a well-run restaurant. The noise level was truly deafening and the vibrations from the air handler on the other side of the wall next to our table were bad enough that I will not be visiting again, but if you don't care about communicating with the folks across the table, go enjoy a potentially great burger and a beer for only $10 on Wednesday night.
3	The atmosphere is awesome.  I like the decor and the set up, LOVE the patio - can't wait to put that to good use in the winter.  The beer selection seems good, but the couple I tried wasn't impressive.The burger was a bit greasy and light on the red onion (if the patty's so gigantic why would they just put a shaving of red onion on it??).  The santa fe dry rub wings were a little gross - too much chili powder? - the powder was just too much and not very good.  The chipotle ranch sauce that it comes with was good though and used it for my fries.  The flatbread pizza was too light on the red sauce.  The crust was decent.  The service was SLOOOOOOOW.  This is definitely more of a place to relax and drink than to eat.  The atmosphere and service says as much.  The food doesn't seem to be the focus at all.  Seems like maybe they should put a sign pointing to the front door or something too.
5	What a great little nugget in PHX.  I had the happy hour special: burger and a beer for $10.00.  Premium ingredients and who doesn't love a good pretzel bun?  The french fries were really extra crunchy.  I'm not sure which beer I had, I just asked for a light on tap but I really liked it.  Great little patio outside, will definitely be back for more!
5	Was craving "the best burger in Phoenix" and polled my network online for recommendations. The Attic came up repeatedly as a reco, so the boif & I decided to make the trek across town to give it a whirl. Amazing burger, although I have to say I think the fries are even better. 100% satisfied and glad we tried something new tonight for dinner. The pizza looked and smelled amazing. May need to return to give that a try!  Of note: Tuesday night is Happy Hour all night with an extensive craft beer selection and discounted apps. Wednesdays are $10 burger + beer special.
5	Oh wow, now I remember.This is the place I went after getting thrown out of the Little Woody (across the street), only it went by another name at that time. I had several craft brews, got a spectacular view of Camelback Mountain at sunset, and got to eat someone's leftover half-burger. No I'm not homeless. What the fuck?It's just that this old dude ordered a burger split. When it arrived, the chick he was scamming on was all...    "Who's that for? I don't eat read meat! Do I look like I eat red meat?"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sit down and shut the fuck up I'm thinking to myself as this haughty little ingenue delivered a scene reminiscent of Scarlet 'fucking' O'hara in Gone With The WInd, her every word punctuated and overacted.After her performance, she hastily stormed out. That's when I nudged the guy and asked if he was gonna eat that.Anyways, I got a great craft buzz, ate a good half burger, and made it down the staircase without getting all knotted-up. All things considered, this was a five star in my book.
5	Best. Burger. Of 2013... And to top it off, I was there for their Wednesday $10 burger & beer special.  What a pleasant surprise.  You know, we eat every day.  And most days we really don't think twice about it.  But on this day, repeatedly, I had to set the burger down, and just let my taste buds thank me for such a glorious meal.  The fries, in my humble Idahoan opinion, were cut fresh and seasoned perfectly, the patty was the perfect size and the pretzel bun was maybe the best I've ever had.Add to that a couple pints of my first Jewish IPA (HeBrew Hop Manna IPA - it was Hasiderific!) and I was completely content.  This was my 1st venture to this area of Phoenix, and I found out there's a bar across the street called The Little Woody?  Sold.  I will be back, and it will most certainly be on a Wednesday!
4	Great location with a nice patio and view of Camelback mountain.  Wide selection of unique beers. The wings I had were pretty good. I wasn't hungry enough to order the huge burger that looked awesome as it kept passing by. Enough tv's to catch a game. Downside was that service was slow enough to be kind of annoying. Other than night, nice place to come chill for a little bit.
5	Wowzers, now this is an awesome gastropub. No ifs ands or buts about it, they have probably the best burger I have ever tasted here, ready for your enjoyment...~Fud/Drink~"The Burger", as they call it on their menu, is one of the best burgers in the world...its ranked. Yep, I know. I am not a big burger person, especially in the latter part of my young life. I am much more content with a fish or chicken dish than a greasy burger. But I must say I will gladly cross the line drawn in the sand for this burger. Upon picking up an already half eaten burger, I immediately noticed the weight and density. I was floored. It is impressively heavy, packed with yummy mixed greens, shaved red onion and the choice cheese tonight being provolone. The chipotle mayo is sublime, mixing the beef together along with the pretzel bun. Overall, this definitely constitutes the afformentioned ranking...its damn good.Plus we enjoyed the burger and beer $10 special which they offer Wednesdays. The entire tab including my lone beer I ordered on the side would have come out to over $28, however the special shaved off $2 from the burger and an additional $6+  on our bill....IMPRESSIVE! This deal is on par with other nightly specials in the area... I fail to mention the fact that the beer selection is very good, they offer enough lighter varieties for me to try, but they offer something for every beer drinker.~Atmosphere/Service~Inside it may seem a bit cramped, but its not...the layout is quaint and you are surrounded by fun sings and album covers of indy bands. They have a few TV's with sports on, and the patio also provides a couple TV's as well. It is darker inside than a normal food spot, which lends to The Attics trademark chill vibe. Waitress was average in speed of service, nothing to write home about. I had no real questions to ask...next time I will pick their brains more. Awesome hangout bar, really relaxed atmosphere, once again.~Extras/Rating~Wednesday...$10...Beer....Burger....Special... JUST DO IT!They get 5 stars. Why? Well, they have an amazing selection of crafts, an intimate setting and atmosphere, insanely tasty food, and heck, the best burger-beer deal in town..I mean, its the best burger and some of the best beer...IN TOWN, lol! Its a no-brainer. Bank it! Shoo-wop!
4	This place is kind of weird...not in a bad way, but read on. So this used to be Cave and Ives which was I think more Mediterranean and a little classier - we liked it as. The new place is definitely a pub like experience mostly because of the menu.They added a ton of TV's which was kind of fun, but the vibe still points towards a classier joint. They still have a great beer and wine selection and the decor is awesome...but again, and maybe I'm confused...its a pub! We ordered wings and the cheese plate to start. The wings were fantastic, so was the cheese plate but here is what makes me laugh, the cheese plate looks like it was plated by a pub but tastes like it belongs in a wine bar. It was cubed artesian cheeses that were all delicious, with great sides of nuts, fruits, olives etc.I ordered the Margarita pizza and boyfriend had the breakfast burger, which was HUGE but good. I think I am just confused on what direction this place is going towards, menus and beers say pub, wine, cheese and decor say more of a wine bar with a little sass.Needless to say, for the wings and beer alone, we will go back.
4	I went here for the first time this week. Jeff wanted to check it out for a possible Sunday UYE meet up. He knows how much I love burgers so he took me on Wednesday for the burger and a beer special. I was almost going to stay home because I was exhausted but I am glad I went. It is a small space but cute at the same time. While I was looking at the menu I saw that their burgers were in the top10 in the world. That got me excited to try it. The beer selection was very different because they were beers that are not as popular to the area but I found one that was really good.Then... my burger came out. Holy cow, literally! It came out in a pretzel bun with fries. I had to strategize how I was going to eat it because it was so big. Once I took my first bite, I was in heaven. Burgers are one of my favorites so you can imagine that I was enjoying every bite. It just melted in my mouth. I am making my mouth water right now just writing about it. Anyway, great place and I will definitely be back.
5	I am in freaking love with this place. Why didn't I ever come here before the name change? Yep that's right folks. That burger everyone loves so much was on the menu before the attic was the attic. Anywho... I came on a Wednesday and sat out on the patio in the beautiful weather Phoenix has a tendency to offer its residence this time of year. I peered over the selection of craft beers for something that shouted at me. Yes. A fine selection of funkwerks brews. I chose the deceit and the saison. And both would receive high markings from me on BA and untappd. I also ordered the Ivan burger and fries as part of the running Wednesday special. The fries were fresh and crispy and well seasoned. I love burgers. Love them almost as much as I love my first born. Especially gourmet, prepared medium, and housed by a pretzel bun. You need a good dense piece of bread to support the weight of such a delectable hunk of beef and apparently the attic knows what's up. This burger really is all the rave. Everyone should try it at least once. Peer pressure! I will most certainly be back. Most certainly for the beer and burger on Wednesday. Also don't forget that you're brews are $1.50 off for HH before 6 every weekday. If I wasn't saving myself for AYCE pad Thai I would be on my way there now!
3	Why the stars??? I'll tell you that it wasn't for the service, mellow atmosphere, or the great burger. It was for the lack of local brews. There are several good locals that would probably benefit from being on tap in a place like this. The craft beer industry is a small industry and needs to grow. Only through local support will this happen. Everywhere in the east coast and west coast there are specialty burger places that serve local crafts, and sometimes exclusively local. I wish I had seen the same here. Great potential to tap into this emerging market yet it is unrealized.Aside from that the burger was excellent and the fries were "meh". The bartender was nice and knew her beers.
4	Went with a bunch of Yelp friends, had a great time.  Hamburger was great, nice beer selection.   Lively atmosphere despite being a Tuesday, it was really busy.  Can't beat the $10 burger + beer deal.  Easy 5 stars except that on this evening the service was slower than the 2nd coming of Jesus, I think there was 1 lady serving every table in the place.
4	Sweet heavenly awesomeness. I know I live close to some amazing places. But really, how did I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE? [Sorry about the shouty caps. Had to be done.]Burgers, Holy BeDazzled Wonders of Pretzel Master Pieces. I am in awe of you. WHY Wednesday night $10 Burger + Beer deal. My life has been empty before knowing about this sweet deal! You can select ANY divine beer off their selection to match their burger. But, before I move on to THE IVAN BURGER, let me cover why this neighborhood bar should be yours. (However, I don't want you to come here. Where would I sit? :)I arrived early to meet friends for a Yelp UYE. (Thanks Jeff E.!) Thirty minutes to kill so I ambled over to the bar. (As a side note: They have an elevator! This is important should you not be frisky in your step. Or, perhaps, may have consumed too much during your time at the bar. Just an fyi. So, FYI!)THE BARThe staff was super nice and directed me to the bar area, as well as letting me know there was seating available in the outdoor patio area. The outdoor area looks lovely, with a charming fireplace and copious amounts of comfortable looking seating. I never made it that far. There were some regulars at the bar who stopped me and insisted on helping me up to a bar stool. Before you judge, yes, I'm that short.  Also, I'm using walking sticks. So they were just being super nice. Anyhoo. The next bit will make ANY gal happy: They have purse hooks. WOOT!In what can only be described as a PRIMO seat I faced Camelback Mtn. Being early has perks. Holy smokes. Watching the sun set is amazing from the bar. The outside patio view is probably killer. The bar rocked as there were two super nice bartenders spinning their attention out. LOVE them. The regulars rave about the bartenders for a reason, the bartenders are really that great. So are the regulars! I was so surprised to see adult talk amongst "regulars". Usually people who spend too much time at a bar, well, scare me.Not here! I can't wait to go back! These were articulate adults from the immediate neighborhood. A solid conversation crowd. (The guys were discussing the merits of the different beers. Nerds!) The clientele changed slightly I noticed as the night progressed. Younger, but well behaved. HAPPY HOURWowza. $2 off Bottle Beer$1.5 off Drafts$2 off AppetizersUntil 6pmSubscribe to their Facebook page for other delightful promotions. (I did after my visit. They've got a sense of humor too.)BEERThey've got lots of it. Good stuff. Multiple types of porter. 'nuff said.THE DINING AREANo reservations, generally four tops which can be put together for larger groups. There's a long table in the back. (That's where we sat. It comfortably accommodates 6. We had about 8. All good.)Mood lighting is conducive for intimate conversations.THE BURGER DEAL - Mr. IvanThis fella is huge. You can't split or share him with a friend. You should come hAngry. He's HUGE! Filling and well prepared with your choice of cheese. Tomatoes, onions and chipotle mayo never tasted so delish on a burger...until you tried it on a pretzel bun. Seriously, you've got to try.I dinged the review a star for the fries. I'm sorry :( (They're stringy and were almost air dry. Like chips.)  Bookmarked for regular visits. Loved it!
4	Meet up with some fellow yelpers for a HH UYE, the place picked was the Attic. What a fun little place this is.We meet up on a Wed night, mostly because they have a wed night special of a burger & beer for 10 bucks! Man that's a great deal! I'm not really a beer drinker, but overheard a fellow Yelper say that Stouts are like a coffee base/flavored, I like coffee, so this might work, I saw the #6 was a Bells Cherry Stout, and that's the one I picked.  I enjoyed the stout, it didn't taste the same as a normal beer and it has a heavy body to it. I liked it. It went well with my burger too.The burger in this beer & burger deal for 10 bucks is the Ivan. Let me tell you, Ivan is beefy, juicy and messy, just the way I like it.  It's on a pretzel bun, has lettuce, tomato, chipotle mayo, cheese and bacon if you like. I ordered mine medium rare, and it was oooohhhhh ssssooooo goooood!! The only downside for this evening was the fries, this was my 3rd stop for a burger in a just a matter of a couple of weeks and I again run into SHOESTRING FRIES!!! Come on PHOENIX, these are not real fries!! But these were worst then shoestrings; they were the mini shoestring, the half pints of the crew!! Now I am an Irish girl and love me some spuds, so you betcha those half pint mini shoestring fries were eaten up!Other than the shoestring fries, everything else was a perfect, The Attic is a great find and I look forward to coming back.
5	I liked Cave and Ives but I love The Attic! Great job changing the venue to something more fitting for the Arcadia district. We went on Wednesday at 8:45pm. They have for $10 on Wednesdays a pint of draft beer, Ivan burger on pretzel bun and fries. I had the peach beer... My favorite new beer. Highly recommend this place. Their staff is so sweet, not pushy and very observant.  Very on top of their game without that annoying feeling you sometimes get at new establishments.  We will definitely be coming back.
5	Sooooooo good! Fantastic burgers, great pizza, delicious beer! Such an awesome beer selection, there is something for every taste.  Service was great too!  I wish I didn't live in Mesa so this could be my go to bar.  Seriously great food and great beer.
5	Delicious! I had the infamous "Ivan" for the first time tonight. This wondrous mound of meat along with a cold pilsner was the highlight of my day. The beef patty was thick and made exactly how I ordered it. I added a side of avocado because I like it on my burger. The Attic is small inside and parking is limited, but our party of 3 had no problem finding a table at 7pm on a Monday. If you're looking for a good burger, I recommend giving this place a try.
3	While my Burger was amazingly good.....I still didn't love this place at all.  The service and vibe of the staff is that of an old dive bar in Cave Creek; only they are young girls. Weird.  and the place isn't that appealing unless it is your neighborhood bar and its just a proximity thing.
4	What's the best reward after a tough Sunday hike? Obviously a burger and beer.    When we tried to find The Attic, we were lost. Four businesses....no "The Attic"....until we realized, the name was not just cute and memorable---it's the location. Going through the iron gates, we climbed the stairs and found this cool spot. It's not very big and that patio isn't being used due to work being done outside, but this place was full.      They offered a limited Sunday menu that boasted chicken wings and salads but most of all...The Ivan Burger. A massive amount of meat cooked to perfection, topped with the works (you can add Bacon and mushrooms as well) along with a chipotle mayo that got my tastebuds a goin'. If that doesn't make your mouth water the pretzel bun will. This burger is straightforward and a hunk of heaven.        Naturally I can't eat a burger without a brew to wash it down with. The Epic Sour Apple beer I picked was great. It had tangy, sour hints while not tasting too sweet like a cider. It was so good that the guy I was with liked it more than his more "manly" beer. I hold the title for fruit beer success.      All in all, I want to get back up to the Attic to see what they have in store on their regular menu, what a good hide away!!
3	Went there again because we had such a wonderful experience with the best server last time (the sweet brunette girl who really knew her stuff and was a great server)... This time however was the first time in my life my boyfriend and I actually got up and left prior to putting in an order. This completely rude and bitchy blonde waitress knew nothing about the menu and was visibly irritated at our simple questions- do you still have the peach Belgium beer? Which wings are the crispy ones that are not as messy as usual wings? We had these things last time so we wanted them again without looking at the menu. Her answers: beer- whatever Is on the menu, ok which is most like that one then since its not on the menu anymore- i don't know, whatever is on the back was her reply.  wings- whatever is on the menu, ummmm that would be the dry ones- mind you we didnt even look at menu cuz we just wanted what we had Last time. When we asked if they had iced tea and whether it was sweetened or unsweetened she rolled her eyes like too many questions or something. Her entire demeanor sucked. Shes a server and those were basic restaurant questions so that we could have what we had last time, nothing she should have been so visibly annoyed about.  We believe in positive energy so we left and went to Sushi Brokers instead. Please fire that rude server- I wish I had gotten her name. Turned a wonderful experience at a new place right down the road to a place we will need to decide if we will go to again. Their food is excellent but depending on the server, your experience may not be worth it.
5	I went here to meet some friends for Happy Hour and for their Wed burger deal. This place is awesome. The burger was talked up by my friend and I have some pretty high burger standards so the expectations were up there. It is easily one of the best burgers I've ever had. The fries were great as well. Just a great meal all around.I only had one but it was a delicious Belgian that paired great w the burger. Was unfiltered but really smooth and pretty potent. The ambiance and service is very good. Would like to hang out on the patio next time and sit by the fireplace. I plan on coming back and introducing it to some friends.As a bonus - it's right above my favorite deli spot Sacks.
4	A couple of us were looking for a chill way to bring in the New Year.  One where we were not committed to buying a ticket for a lame table full of appetizers and the promise of cheap champagne at midnight.  We arrived here just after 6. The area around the bar was full, it was in the low 50s-mid 40s, so a little chilly to be on the patio even if there was a fire and a couple of heaters.  We chose a high-top next to the bar.  This was perfect.  Very casual and relaxed environment. Good for a first date, a night out with friends or even dinner with the family.    They have a nice rotating selection of craft beers on tap and in the bottle.  Food wise they offered a daily special (Cioppino on the night we were there) and are known for their burgers.  We wanted a little something to wet the appetite so we ordered a few wings (Louisiana wings, a little salty even for my salty palate, like they reduced some Franks RedHot a little too much but still edible).  We also shared a pizza.  It was very good and agreed that we needed to come back to try the infamous burger and to enjoy a warm winter sunset on their patio.
5	This place has the best burger ever, wings are awesome, and an amazing selection beers.One of my favorite spots in phoenix.
4	My review might be slightly more helpful because I wasn't here on a Wednesday Night for the phenomenal Wednesday Special like almost everybody else was here for.The menu is very limited and for the most part you are going to order a pizza or a burger and drink wine or one of the many craft brews they feature.I can't say we had the best burgers out there anywhere because I haven't been everywhere but I can say we had some doozies of very good burgers priced less than Vegas and better than what we had in Las Vegas at one of those specialty burger places. Ivan Burger $12.00Hangover Burger $14.00Most craft brews run an average $8.00VS. Las Vegas close to $20.00 a BurgerThey only have a couple burgers to pick from on the menu and they can be altered slightly. I went with the famous Ivan burger. It is extremely large and is a half pound burger patty with the usual lettuce,tomato,onion, choice of cheese chipotle Mayo on a pretzel bun. It comes with tasty battered fries. My burger was cooked a perfect medium just like I asked for and had a nice crust. It was a very juicy burger but not too much as it didn't fall apart. The pretzel bun was strong enough to support all the weight of the sandwich fillings. It really was a tasty burger. I think at least half the people out there might think like me and admit the burger is too large. I split the burger in half because I knew that would be plenty. But would have enjoyed it more if it was smaller so it would be easier to manage. For me it was very thick and still delicious but too thick.My husband tried the Hangover Burger. It's basically an Ivan Burger but with an added egg and he said really good bacon. I don't know how he ate that whole sandwich but he did and said he had to because it was really good.The Attic is located above a sandwich shop and uses the name Cave and Ives on the outside of the building and on the receipts. The steps are easy to climb but if you are handicapped an elevator is available.The burgers we had were VERY GOOD!The Pizzas looked good!Lots of craft beers.
5	The Burgers are amaaaaazing and there's a great selection of interesting micro-brews on tap.Come hungry - the burgers are huge! My hubbie and I had the Ivan Burgers - Top-grade beef, perfectly cooked to order and piled high with classic toppings like greens, onion and tomato with a creamy aioli and your choice of cheese. For $1 add other toppings like bacon on sauteed mushrooms. Sit at the bar and get friendly service with views of Camelback mountain.
4	My first visit and if I didn't have a GPS equipped cyber-phone, I'd be seriously lost Don Quixote-style. But I did find it and trotted up the stairs to the bar. My first impression was that this is a little oddly shaped establishment, but I have a feeling that there are some regulars here. Dipsomaniacs in need of social interaction, aren't we all at times?The Beer diversity and level of interestThe beers are interesting, but the diversity is skewed. I still liked it though, but two of the beers I wanted to try, they were out of. That quite a lot on a list that contains 12 beers. I want more beers on the list! The ServiceThere is a cute blond behind the bar, and she is working perpetually. She has no need to check in on you and your needs to quench your thirst, so if you want her attention you need to speak up, flag her down. She was clearly unimpressed by the jokes from the peanut gallery, disregarding if it was an homage to her beauty or a annoying applause as she accidentally displaced glassware into the bar or the floor. I cannot imagine working where people stare at me all day. It would be like working in an aquarium - if we disregard the humidity. In regards to the knowledge of the beers, I didn't feel that I was dealing with a brew pundit. ConclusionI did enjoy this place, and time just went extraordinarily fast in here. They do have a rotation and will be getting even more interesting beers on the menu, and that will be very nice to experience. But if I wouldn't already known anyone here, I don't feel the atmosphere is such as I would strike up a conversation with strangers in my lonesomeness.
4	I've been wanting to try this place since it was Cave and Ives and I FINALLY made it there the other night. I REALLY enjoyed the place. It's got a REALLY great atmosphere with a nice patio and a fun, cheerful crowd.  They have a good selection of craft beers on tap, as well as wine and cocktails. I had their Ivan burger which was delicious, but HUGE.Beyond that, I had downed beers the rest of the night and had a good time. I must say that I wasn't overly crazy about the service. The bartender while reasonably efficient and polite wasn't the warmest or friendliest. It was pretty busy so I definitely take that into account but her attitude was noticeably contrary to the overall warmth and cheer of the place and the patrons which was disappointing.I am still down to come again because this is a fun place and I highly recommend it.
4	Great place tucked away with a fantastic view of Camelback, a great craft beer selection, and some very tasty food. Perfect place to meet some friends and chill out over some good food.
5	This place used to be called Cave & Ives, which is very missed!!!! The gentleman who owned it previously did however make a wise choice to sell it to another gentleman who knows restaurant biz as well. The Attic is a very delicious burger joint. They have the world's famous burgers and were appointed as one of the top burger joints in the United States. Which to my liking, they were excellent. You have to definitely try this place if you are a burger girl like me!
4	Awesome beer selection and great burgers.  World famous?!?  Well, that's a bit of a stretch.  I think there are other burgers here in Phoenix that are just as good.  I'm not saying I've come across one that's much better, but definitely on the same level as this.  That being said, if you're looking for an amazing burger joint, this is one of them.  Pair it up with the awesome beer selection and that's what makes this place a cut above the rest.  It's a great location in a great neighborhood.  Prices are fairly reasonable but anytime you go above the $10 mark for a burger, it's a problem.
4	I pretty sure I had a good time here.  I can't say I'm positive because of the beer I had.  Thankfully I took a picture of the menu so I know what beer to blame, or thank, for this night I no longer remember.  Shmaltz He'Brew Jew Reborn at an ABV% of 17.0.I do remember really liking the table I had, a great view of the sunset and I had an awesome burger, the Ivan.  Once I made it halfway though the beer though the night fades away in my memory. I'll have to go back to verify I did like this place, and maybe take more notes or something while I try the Reborn again.
5	The Attic is the best place to end a Sunday bicycle ride!  Ashley is great for mixing the mimosa just perfectly and knowing which beer will be my new favorite! The staff at the Attic make you feel at home and welcomed.  The patio bar  is so perfect for our afternoon relax time.  Thank you to Ashley and the crew at the Attic for making our Sunday's Special.
5	This place is awesome! Go on Wednesdays for the Beer and Burger Special for $10
4	One of the better burgers in town. The Pretzel bun is very tasty and holds up well . We shared the hangover hamburger and Sicilian pizza. I was expecting the Sicilian pizza to be a little bit more tasty. Hangover hamburger had bacon and eggs which earned the accolades from burger magazine as one if the best. The best surprise were the fries that come with the burger. They were prepared perfect, crispy but not over done.The place is upstairs with a small parking area. If you are into beer, this is the place for you with a huge selection on tap.The service was good and friendly. Could see this place as a great place to hang out to eat and drink
4	Cute spot and a nice happy hour. It's located above a restaurant and has a beautiful view from the seating on the patio. The bar opens up to the outside patio. I thought it was a nice balance of lounge and patio with a few TVs for those interested in watching a game. There's a gorgeous fireplace with a few outdoor sofas at the center of the patio. As for the food and drinks, they were good. I enjoyed the fish tacos. Service was great as well. They also have free valet  parking when you drive in. Nice touch.
5	Visited the Attic because of the reviews I read on Yelp. I was visiting from LA for spring training and found this bar. We tried there famous pretzel hamburger and it was just like the reviews said, it was amazing.The beer selection was great and the staff was very friendly, she recommended a beer that tasted like pumpkin pie... It did and was also amazing.. This will be a place that I will definitely be back.
4	I'm not really a burger person but I find myself craving the burger from The Attic! The pretzel bun is wonderful and the burger was just perfect. It was cooked medium and was not at all greasy, which is my usual gripe with burgers. The patio is very fun and I like looking over Indian School. The Happy Hour specials were decent and I was pleased with the selection that they have for drinks. Our server was friendly and attentive. I'm excited to come back and try more food. If I like all of it as much as I liked the burger, I might bump my rating up to 5 stars!
4	We went there for lunch and split the Ivan Burger and the Bruschetta. Both dishes were solid. The burger was cooked median rare as ordered and was very tasty. I really enjoyed the Bruschetta maybe more that the burger since it has Brie cheese on it along with a pesto aioli and a distinct sweat/slightly spicy additional aioli. Service was friendly and attentive. Great spot on a beautiful day.
5	Hidden GEM! My brother was visiting town so we decided to hunt this place down and have dinner. I would totally recommend this place to anyone looking for a great burger!! melt in your mouth delish!! Its a cool spot  that is kinda hidden but worth the trip to Arcadia!
4	I (finally) went to the Attic last night with the husband for their Wed night burger and beer special (10$ for both). I was surprised (and I guess I shouldn't have been) that they had valet... I have a huge pet peeve for valet, especially when I see that the car is just parked in a normal space...not double parked or whatever would necessitate valet... but I digress. We went up the stairs to find a chalkboard to put our name on the waitlist... cute idea. We waited a short amount of time and were seated. The place was very busy, but our service was fast, friendly, and efficient. The husband and I each got the Ivan with bacon, I got a side salad and he had fries. The burger was a very standard burger. It wasn't anything I was terribly excited about, but it was large and tasty enough for the price. I will say, I wouldn't want to pay full price for this particular burger, but the hangover burger sounded good. The salad was tasty and had a great balsamic vinaigrette. I would come back here for their specials again and would like to try their happy hour, but I am not sure that I would come here on a regular day (the hangover burger is 14$.... that's a bit steep).
2	Don't understand what all the fuss is about? They do have a great craft beer selection but almost everything is a 12oz pour ranging in price from $7 to $8.50 which is a bit pricey if you ask me! When we inquired about the wine about half of them weren't in stock. The fish tacos were good but nothing spectular and parking is flat out horribe. The major upside to this place was the sweet patio overlooking Indian School and the quick service. I would definitely trek the 1 mile to OHSO for a beer/ hangout if in the area again.
3	Great space.  Great beer.  Great food.  Bartender rarely smiled... maybe had a rough morning.  Sat at the bar for quick service, didn't get it.  Will give it a 2nd try though.
2	For a Tap House, both Angel's Trumpet and Ground Control are better. First impression of The Attic was the annoyance over having to just find the place.They didn't have a clear sign on the road. Second was the required valet parking. I don't care if it's "free" (let's be real, you still need to tip the guys), but showing up at a tap house, you're not exactly expecting to hand your car over to someone.When we got upstairs, they had a clearly marked sign that said SEAT YOURSELF, so we thought, "okay," and started wandering around for a place to sit, squeezing ourselves all the way to the back and then circling around. No seats. Got back up to the front and asked one of the servers, who looked at us like we were stupid and said, "you need to be put on the list." Okay. Take down your sign guys, why would you have that posted? So we sat in a small section off to the side waiting and proceeded to watch several other groups come in and do the same thing we did. Unfortunately, we couldn't warn them without jumping up and catching them as it is incredibly noisy on the inside and they wouldn't have heard us from where we were.Food was alright, but not remarkable. Certainly not worth the hassle. And the beer was good, but it's not exactly hard to come across good craft beer in the valley these days.It would have to be someone's birthday, or they'd have to have some damn, good special tapping for me to go back.
2	For having such great reviews, I was very unimpressed by this place. I'm not sure what  they are going for here, possibly a fancy higher-end drink and eatery thing. I was expecting a great beer selection, and on that front, they very much do have great craft beer. However, I've never seen anyone charge as much for beer as this place does. They jack the prices WAY up, so much so that even happy hour pricing doesn't really make it worth going. I ordered the happy hour tacos and they were good, but not amazing or anything. So if you have a lot of money to throw around for expensive beers and even more expensive food; well then you can do so with a nice view from the balcony.
5	Solid selection of craft beers updated daily (use TapHunter to be informed of the list) and simple but amazing comfort food. The burgers live up to the hype, the Attic wings (grilled) become a craving after having once, service is on point and overall the staff is great considering how busy they are on some days.If you had a bad experience here, it's likely that you are a bad person.
5	Best Burger and beer selection in town! Friendly staff! Great place to see the locals and to hang out with friends!
5	Excellent rotating beer list.  Every time I'm in, there's something new and delicious on tap.  Happy hour food specials are great, tacos are delicious, and burgers are delicious as always.  Happy Dillon is back in the kitchen!
1	May I give negative stars?  After a long week of coordinating 700 state tests for my school, I felt that I had earned a nice break, so happy hour at the Attic it was!  My friend does barre classes nearby and suggested the place.  I had high expectations- I could say I was disappointed, but that would be an understatement.  When I left there I had intimate knowledge of what it feels like to be treated like a third class citizen. My friend and I were blatantly disrespected by not one, not two, but THREE different employees. They didn't even try to feign any sort of semblance of customer service. I've been to some pretty sub-par places with so-so food and crappy service, but this, by far, was the worst experience I have ever had ANYWHERE.   IT took me a good week to stop being aggressively  pissed off. I can't say anything to the quality of the food because we never got that far, but I can say that if you're feeling masochistic, this is a great choice.  Yours truly, a great lover of a good glass of Pinot (gasp) left an almost full glass there to be poured down the drain.  The saddest part of my whole experience is that they don't even care. The older blonde hostess (who looked to be the manager) didn't even try to pretend to care. This is not some 5 star elite restaurant-and I've been to some- and they certainly don't treat people like this.   I feel it is my duty to warn people to stay away from this place.  Check out Oh-So or Postino or even Chick Fil A for that matter.  Trust me you'll be glad you did. :(.  Still pissed -and it's been a couple weeks.   I live in this area, and trust me I will never set foot in this place again. EVERSomeone requested to know more of the story, here is a kind of synopsis:Let's see, how to trim down the convoluted story -here it is is a nutshell:  They knowingly, and rather arrogantly decided to seat another couple before us (the gentleman was wearing scrubs, READ:  doctor)  Then they argued about it (two people).  I saw the couple actually walk up the stairs and my friend's name was already written on their chalkboard.  But, NO, they were right!  Not the couple mind you, the employees!The waitress/bartender threw our change at us (literally) and said some snarky comments as she walked away (mind you, this is all while we're sitting on the "waiting" bench.)  The manager and the other hostess OPENLY talked about us and pointed at us and proceeded to argue with us as we walked out - as we finally made a smart decision and left.  When I left and the valet guy asked how our night was, I asked him if we were on a hidden camera show.  I told one of my other friends about it and she found a blog called "How I became a douchebag diner".  Google it, that pretty much is a parallel to our feelings as we left, but of course more eloquently put.
2	Dont believe the hype.  This place is not that great.  Burger & Beer nite on Wed, is a good deal but not if you have to wait an hour to get seated.  Also, this place IS NOT kid friendly.  They dont have a kids menu if that tells you anything.  I told the sever we had 4 adults and 2 kids, she relys "I only have a 4 top if you want to be seated now".  Soooo, do I tell the kids to wait outside?
3	I've been wanting to check out this place for a while since it changed and especially since I love good beer pubs. You can beat the view, and love the casual vibe. We went on a Wednesday to get the special burger & a brew for $10. They also had good happy hour specials on drinks. Not much of a selection for appetizers. Definitely go on Wednesdays for the special. The burger was tasty on a really good pretzel bun. Our server mixed up our order though and my boyfriend got mayo on his which he said like 3 times he didn't want mayo so I just switched with his. Not the best burger in town but still good. I was a bit bummed on the beer selection. No local brews on tap the night we went - there are so many good brews in AZ - why not have at least one? Also there were no wheat beers on tap which I prefer. I recommend this place for young single women who drink beer - definitely a dude hangout!
5	fanTASTIC cannot wait to go again. I totally forget what we ordered but here's my best guess:-Bruschetta. Ridiculous. So good, had some kind of spicy chili oil.-Some kind of grilled veggie sandwich, with grilled eggplant and we added chicken to it. I literally don't think I've ever had something so good.-Hangover burger, with overeasy egg inside. GOD so good. Our waitress was frickin awesome and knew a ton about the menu and beer selection. Props, Attic, see you again soon.
4	I didn't know what to expect after reading the reviews but I have to say, I was very surprised. I went on a Saturday afternoon, around 4pm. I had a hard time actually locating the restaurant because it's not very noticeable (meaning they need a bigger sign). Anyways, you have to walk upstairs to get to the place but I didn't mind that at all. Me and my bf were greeted by two very polite men that were behind the counter and we were prompted to seat ourselves wherever we'd like. I love that :) anyways, we ordered the bruschetta and pretzel as an appetizer. The pretzel was good as well as those little cheeses and mustards that came with it. The bruschetta had a little too much tomato and Brie. The entrees we had were 'The Ivan Burger' and the Margherita pizza. Both were very delicious, the pizza was more than I expected..i definitely would come back just for it. Our waitress was very cute and nice and  knowledgable but I forgot her name. But this place is very cool and next time I come back I will try their patio. Did I mention that it has a fire place?? Yep I'll be back.
3	Pretty cool place.  A little hard to find, not a sign that is easily visible from the street or at least not that I saw.  But cool place upstairs.  very nice people that worked there and served us.  I had two beers, the honey and a strawberry.  I liked the honey a lot. Was very crisp.  For the burger I ended up ordering the Holsom burger sorry i forgot what the name of it was and no menu online. They need a website.  Well the burger had bacon, candied jalapenos, some crack sauce, pepper jack (i got it with cheddar), lettuce tomato and grilled onions all on a pretzel bun.  Needs the stiff bun or it would disintegrate a regular one.  Very good burger, not the best i have had, especially for the price.  Why the i gave 3 star rating.  Maybe give it 3.5.  Good, but not great.  I'd come back..
2	We had heard a lot of hype about The Attic and finally checked it out.  The good: The Ivan burger was huge and flavorful and the pretzel bun was a great touch.  Nice selection of craft beers, including some relatively rare finds.  The not-so-good: indifferent service from the only server working the room. A manager asked if our drink orders had been taken (they had) as he noticed that we had nothing but water after we had been seated for quite some time.  Fries came cold, as if they had been cooked well before the burger.  Two burgers/two beers with tip was over $40.  Not worth the $ when paired with poor service. I would only consider a return on a Wednesday when burger/beer combo is offered for $10.
3	Bar-hopping with friends, never a dull moment. Climbed the winding staircase to this treasure at the advice of a friend. restaurant is clean and wide open, patio overlooks Arcadia landscape and you're up high. Happy hour is indeed happy, $3 wings and many specials.If you're a watery beer drinker, beware, this place serves craft brews and there are no baby beers on tap. We enjoyed several brews and perused the menu. The ambiance is, well, mixed. Some hipsters enjoying the days while right next to them were some more "picky" clientele. I won't say more. This is Arcadia, the locals are allowed in, pleasant or otherwise. We tried an order of wings in every flavor and their specialty of the day, an Italian sandwich featuring Salami, which was beyond our expectation. Hey, the bread was good. We like that. The Attic Wings were a not-too-sweet soy/honey mix that really hit the spot. The buffalo style, well, pass on these, they seemed to be thickened with flour to the point of the sauce sitting on there 1/2 inch thick.  My veggie friend had huge hot pretzel and enjoyed that.The chef came out and spoke with us and he seemed really interested in our experience. Off happy hour pricing looks high. But hey, that's what Happy Hour is for.
5	Came here for the first time last Thursday.  The place is a lityle hard to find but that's not a big deal to me.  The meet and cheese plate was amazing.  My friend and I also split a burger with fries and a pizza.  She has a hollow leg, I swear.  Anyway, the food was great and everyone was really friendly.  Aside from the meet and cheese plate (to die for) I think the fries were my fave...super golden and crunchy on the outside...thin but not shoe-string...and I don't even like fries that much.  So there you have it!
2	The food is awesome, the bartenders rock, the owner (?) is an obnoxious drunk so I no longer go
4	Delicious burgers, great beers and very friendly staff.
4	The food and service here are amazing. My girlfriend and I had hoped for a full bar but the beer, wine, food and atmosphere were awesome. We will go back for sure.
5	A great beer selection is pretty much all it takes to make this girl happy. This place fits the bill! A cute little spot with great beers on tap, good service. Had a yummy sour from Destihl and a $7 Mikkeller beer flight (which I thought was a great deal since their beers are so pricey). Didn't try any food, but the menu looked good. I will be back!
4	My husband has had this joint on his "must check out" list for a while, so we made a Wednesday evening drop in. I don't think we could've picked a better night because every Wednesday is host to the Ivan burger special! Lucky patrons will get one Ivan burger and one craft draft for 10 bucks. Yes, you read that right friends.Maybe you'd be more impressed if you knew just how delicious that Ivan burger is, on a pretzel bun with all of the right fixings and chipotle mayo for a little kick. It truly earns it's distinction as one of the top five all-time burgers (so sayeth the menu).And when I say craft draft, I mean it! These guys have a great and varied rotating selection. And if you want something outside of what they currently have tapped and perhaps something more difficult to come by, feel free to buy a bottle or two from the coolers up front to try with that burger instead.Overall great food and great service at the bar. Definitely prepare yourself for a wait if you are into eating earlier. This place is a bit small and is busy as a happening happy hour spot. I'll be back again in the fall (if not sooner) to take in a brew and the view when the outdoor patio space is once again open.
5	Finally ate here with a friend for the Wednesday special - The Ivan burger w/fries and any tap beer for 10 bucks!! This includes a 12% ABV barley wine if it's on the list! Be sure to arrive before everyone gets off work or you'll be waiting. However it was totally worth the wait!! The burger was absolutely scrumptious, the best I've had in ages. 1/2 pound patty! I ordered it medium. You can add extra toppings as well. I liked it better than Smashburger or Five Guys and the price was insanely good. The fries were light and crispy and held up for the entire meal. Ask for some chipotle mayo on the side for your fries!  I WAS FULL!! Also tried the wings, the sauce was good but the texture wasn't on. Kinda average wings. You only get 6 wings, with carrots and celery and bleu cheese. Not sure if different flavors are available, my friend ordered the plate.The beers on tap are definitely off the regular map, and I'm a beer snob used to a 20+ tap selection. They also have three fridge doors with some beer bottles I never knew existed! A numbered bottle Italian oak-aged red ale, and a boxed Estrella Damm collab with one of the top restaurants in the world, El Bulli in Catalunya, Spain. Surely a rarity. I believe that restaurant is now closed. I didn't ask the prices on these but you can bet they're north of $25. Of course there are some more earthly-priced bottles in there too.Anyway, excellent service at the Attic, lively atmosphere (not quiet!), and I spied some of the other dishes going by and they looked and smelled scrumptious. I'll definitely be back! Limited parking as well, so get there early! They had free valet parking. It's a tight parking lot, maybe it's better to let the pro do it.
5	My husband loves this place and I have to agree, their burgers are pretty damn good! I would appreciate a larger more diverse beer list, but for what it is, I will definitely go back!
1	Hours on the yelp site say they are open on Sundays, drove all the way there just to see its closed. I'm pissed
5	UPDATE: Came here by myself July 9th late afternoon for my burger drug. Every INDOOR table was taken but luckily some friends were there so I joined them! (Patio was still free.) This Wed. special had The Mountain Burger included. Ham, BACON, fried onions, BBQ sauce, tomato, lettuce, pepperjack cheese. I saw that listing and there was no question I had to have it! And it arrived in under 10 minutes!!BAM!It was gigantic. I opened wide and shoved the burger in for that BIG first bite! Church was now in session!Best. Burger. Ever.The Mountain Burger created a hill which was my belly.
5	If you are a craft beer lover and have not been here you are missing out.  This is the best craft beer bar in Phoenix.  The selection changes daily and the food is fantastic.  This is the only place in town that you will find rare beer on a regular basis.  Ryan also had regular special events like tap take over crab boils that you don't want to miss.  This is a great little locally owned craft beer bar with awesome food.
3	Been here three times for their burger and the first time the burger was fantastic but the next two times it wasn't worth what I paid for it. Both times the burger was very greasy and with so much butter it was almost all I could taste. If you like grease and butter this burger is for you.For $14 bucks I wouldn't recommend it when compared to the litany of restaurants that surround the place.
4	Holy cow the IVAN Burger is the best burger I have ever had in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  Outstanding.  Just come here and buy it.  They have a Burger & Beer deal on Wednesdays ... I feel like this burger is good enough to come weekly and enjoy.Besides the burger, The Attic has Great service and Good Happy Hour Deals.The only things to watch out for:The patio is deserted in the summer.  I wish it could be covered more or have some more misters.  Because of that, it can get pretty crowded inside.  I bet when it's not the summer the patio is great though.  I've heard parking can be a pain, but I didn't experience that when I was there.  Overall, this is an amazing find and I can't wait to return for another Happy Hour soon!
4	Really enjoyed the burgers & the selection of draught beers.  Noise level is definitely not "average" as Yelp states.  Actually really loud.  I would and will come back!  Well done Attic management.
5	I had a great experience today at the attic great location and the muscles in white wine were fab!!!!! I can guarantee 100% I will return!!
4	Loved it! Just above my favorite sandwich place. My friend and I shared hot wings (happy hour) and IVAN burger with fries. So delicious! Great beers on draft too. Definitely coming back for more, looking forward to coming back on a Wednesday for their burger and a beer for $10 special.
3	(Lyrics - Maroon 5 - Payphone)I'm at the Attic trying a burgerAll of my taste I spent on youWhere have the times gone? Bo Bites, it's all goodLet's go and make a reservation for twoYeah, I, I know it's hard to rememberThe reviews we used to makeIt's even harder to take a picThat you're here eating next to meThe Attic is located upstairs in ... well the attic - wink.  Actually its just plain upstairs if you want me true opinion.  Came in on a Wednesday happy hour and apparently it's $10 burger and beer night!  Super awesome in my books.  They serve mostly craft brews so I went with the Avery Karma, a pale ale from Boulder, CO.  The ale had a crisp hoppy taste.  For the burger I went with their special, a mushroom and swiss cheese burger.  Overall, it was okay since I didn't really care for mushrooms in general.  The burger was not as juicy as I would like it to be even though I ordered it medium.  The bun was probably my favorite part.  Nice and toasty, but soft in the inside.  Service was okay, except I would appreciate more smile I guess.  In the end, I think I would definitely return to the attic for it's atmosphere.  It had a sports bar lounge ambiance with a classic view. - Enjoy!
4	I was impressed with this establishment.  It is located above a sandwich shop in Phoenix.  They had about 20 different craft brews on tap as well.  I ordered the Ivan Burger with bacon cooked medium well.  The burger was very tasty and cooked perfectly.  The burger does not come with pickles so make sure you ask for them.  The burger is also served on a pretzel bun which was actually really good.  The fries were decent but you don't get many of them.  The burger and fries were about $12 ($1 more for bacon) and a craft brew will run you about $6.  The bacon was a little too done for my liking but that was the only flaw.I recommend going during Happy Hour from 3pm-6pm because you can get $2 off an appetizer and $1.50 off of a draft.Finally, the best day to go is on Wednesday because they have the Ivan Burger, fries, and a craft brew all  for $10 total.  That is almost 50 percent off the regular price.Check out this place for a great burger!  It's one of the best places in the Valley for a burger and a brew!
3	Always a great selection of beer, we went on a Friday for a special event....6 beers from Goose Island and Deschutes Class of 88 release.  Both of us had the fish fry, though I am not sure either one of us had the walleye, I think both were perch.  But still pretty good.  The flight was not what I expected, but we really enjoyed the Bourbon beer.  A good pils with the fish rounded out the evening nicely.  It was packed as expected, no valet, had to park across the street.  No evidence of the brewery personnel being on site with swag, as was publicized.  That was disappointing.  Overall not the greatest experience and not up to the usual expectations of this place.  Generally it's our go to favorite.
4	We stopped in yesterday to grab a beer from their extensive list and a little snack.  The view of Camelback Mountain from their second story patio is beautiful.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant/bar has a laid back vibe to it.  We shared a pretzel and it was quite tasty...the mustard and spicy cheese were great for dipping too.  Looks like they have some great food specials to go along with their beer focused menu.
5	Love their burgers! They also offer a gluten free bun and ciders for all you fellow people with gluten allergies
4	Not bad overall. the beer ws excellent, the salad was wilted, probably sitting for some time.  Service was slow, up to 10 minutes to get the order after walking in and another 10 for the beer to be delivered.  But you go there for the beer, and their KBS was unbeatable, porter and imperial stout was great.
4	Enjoyed burgers and fish tacos with beer while sitting on the patio watching a monsoon roll in. This place is within walking distance so as the weather cools I know I will be back often.
4	So my Aunt has been raving about the burgers here.  I like a good burger joint, though this place isn't technically a burger joint.  It has pizza, but its not a pizza spot.  The inside is like a sports bar, but its not really a sports bar.  It has a decent wine and craft brew selection, but its not really a brewpub.  So okay, this place is pretty much impossible to classify.  Which I assume is pretty much the idea.  For the record, I am aware of the social media snafu that occurred here months ago where the general manager viciously attacked an angry customer on social media for her poor review.  I guess the fact that this business is still standing must mean they took appropriate action to satisfy their patrons (or at least I hope so).  At any rate, my experience didn't have any drama, but did involve some good food.Didn't do any appetizers here as I was told to come here for one reason.  The Ivan.  This burger was so hyped by my Aunt it was borderline ludicrous.  The specs:  a pretzel bun, huge juicy patty, tomato, your choice of cheese (I went cheddar), mixed greens, and chipotle mayo.  Fantastic burger.  The chipotle mayo and the pretzel bun absolutely make the difference.  Quality of the beef was excellent.  I got mine with a side salad, but you can get fries too.  For dessert we got the chocolate molten cake.  This was a disappointment.  The texture of the chocolate was fine, but the cake itself was rock hard.  It was edible, but not especially impressive.The service we received was friendly throughout.  Our waitress got confused by a couple of the orders we put in, but quickly rectified the situation so no need to dock her too many brownie points for that.  Tonight they had discounts on their burgers so I saved $4 on the Ivan.  Total cost for tonights meal including the burger, side salad, a beer, and a chocolate cake, tax and tip was about $25.  I'd definitely come back to try some of the rest of their menu. A couple of tips, get here early as parking in the area is pretty limited.  Also, sit outside if the weather is right.  Its not as noisy and has a great view of the Arcadia neighborhood.  And take it from me, the Ivan lives up to the hype.
4	I finally had the pleasure of dining at The Attic with a small group of friends.  Overall, I'm quite pleased.  The place is cute.  Service was good, our waitress was happy to climb on the table to turn down our fan when we got a little chilly.  She was very genuine with her opinions of the menu and was very excited about her favorites, so we felt confident when we placed our orders.  I had the Ivan burger because I keep hearing great things about it and the menu boasted some kind of "top burger" award.  It was good, for sure.  But I wouldn't put it at number one. Top 10 maybe.  It had all the traditional toppings, including a chipotle aioli that wasn't too spicy for the likes of me.  The beef was tender and cooked just right.  I took half home, and it warmed up the next day to almost the same quality it originally was... that's the mark of a good burger!The happy hour is pretty good with discounted beer (long list of options), wine, and appetizers.The Attic isn't really in my neighborhood so I don't think I'll be a regular, but I wouldn't say no to a return trip!
2	Beer selection is slightly better than Chili's. Bartender has personality of an empty keg. Bar had a good group of people with good chatter for you conversationalists. Food / Menu is small with just several burgers and some pizzas. It says they have an award winning burger but I did not try.   Although, when looking at the description, I am puzzled at how it has differentiated itself from others. I might try again but with so many good beer bars around it may be a while. Too bad as I was looking forward to this place.
4	I would totally give just the burgers and beer 5 stars easily, but more times than not the service is a little off in my opinion especially go figure on wednesdays when the amazing deal is happening.  It almost makes you wonder...If I come any other day then on a wednesday will the service be mediocre???? Will it? I would not know I have yet to go any other day of the week and the trend will have to stop so I can see what change we will encounter my brother and I since I can't ever speak my mind when my boyfriend is around since hes the charming one to anyone regardless of the service. A waitress could be totally avoiding me completely and flirt with him and not ask me if I would like one thing and he would not see anything wrong with it(True story...Really Happened) On to the glorious BURGERS.My NUMBER ONE place in Arizona for Burgers so far.All I have to say is that these Burgers are Absolutely Fantastic and I am very upset I have not gone lately. YOU must go now. That's an Order....Seriously right now!
5	Located upstairs this restaurant bar is a neighborhood gem.  Burgers are awesome and beer selection( craft beer) the charts!  Service is fast and friendly.  If you are looking for great local spot for food and drink come check the Attic out!
5	Stopped by here on a Monday night to watch football. Nothing ilke craft brews, a burger, and a comfortable place to watch MNF. They had their own fantasy football-like contest too which made the atmosphere lively. Thumbs up.
1	Cold food and a cold shoulder. Customer service is better at McDonald's. I brought my food to the bartender because it was cold. No "sorry about that", nothing from my waitress, nothing from a manager, nothing from the guy that works here that was at the bar that let the bartender know I was there.  Get your shit together.
5	I gotta tell you... these guys are really doing everything right and making a good case to bring people back - and they're succeeding!  I've watched over the past year (from living in the neighborhood) the snowball effect of more and more 'regulars' and more and more smiles in the restaurant.  My opinion is 3 simple things will bring you back to an establishment:1)  Good Service2)  Good Food & Drink3)  A memorable, positive experience each time you're thereMy wife and I continue to be impressed each and every time we go in.  Frankly, they are really finding their rhythm with an unmatched and constantly revolving beer taps, a food menu that is diverse and centered around quality and an ambiance with their patio/TVs, and bar area that is very intriguing and compelling to stick around.  Bottom line:  It's a craft beer place - first and foremost.  There are At LEAST 20 different beers you'll likely NOT find anywhere else.  If you're OK with traditional beers at traditional sports bars, taverns or medium priced restaurants - that's OK, because their knowledgeable staff will guide you to what you're palate is thirsting for.  My wife likes wine - and they can help you with that, too.  The food menu provides a good range of 'comfort', 'healthy' and 'unique' - but all fresh and the utmost quality.My personal favorites:  Taco Tuesday, Burger Night Wednesday and Sunday (at 10AM) for their unbelievable breakfast choices!  Seriously - where are you going to find that diversity at ANY other craft beer restaurant!?  Ultimately, you'll need to give it a try for yourself - leave it up to them to prove to you like they did my wife and I - that you'll want to go back!
4	Went for the first time last night. If there were grown ups serving us (everyone that works here seems to still be in high school) I would have given them a five star. The beer selection is fantastic, my veggie sandwich was amazing. My friend said his burger was the best he's ever had. That's a BIG compliment. Since the service was not good, they only get 4 stars.UPDATE: Am I the only one who gave this place a decent review (above) to get back the most crude, inappropriate message back from a "Jesse T"? Jesse: learn to speak English. The Attic: if this is one of your employees, you should kindly ask them to stop sending messages to yelp reviewers. They will single-handedly ruin your business.
2	I've eaten here many times, mainly because we liked the restaurant prior to it becoming the Attic.  I will admit the food is really good, the beers are great, and the decor is my style.  So why the two stars then?   The biggest problem this place has is customer service.  It is poor, at best.  The two times we have been there the staff were either rude or they ignored their tables.  Very well could have been understaffed but it happened twice.  This is a real shame because the food is excellent and I love the location.  The only thing keeping me from coming back is the poor service I've experienced both times I've been there.
5	5 stars ONLY for the food. Amazing burgers and bruschetta to die for. Service was very poor. Bartender/waitress was extremely unbecoming and acted very inconvenienced to serve us. Would go back purely for the food.
2	Food and environment are cool but service is pretty slow. We went in on a slow Sunday night and waited over 30 mins for food with zero refills
2	I had high hopes for this place. Heard lots of people rave about it; unfortunately our experience was not as pleasant. I could over look the poor service if it was exceptional in other areas (ie- beer list, food). Our dry dusted Santa Fe wings were dry to the point of making us cough. Ok it says dry in the description so I can't complain but they lacked flavor. It was like they took spices from their mothers kitchen and just drenched them.DONT ORDER THEM! The meat platter was alright; decent at best. Artichoke salad.... Terrible. The only saving grace to this evening was the pizza, but we had to scarf it down to get home to our kids because our server never stopped by to take our order past the wings. We had to flag her down. All in all, I don't typically write bad reviews, but I felt that the 4 stars that this place holds reflects poorly on it's actual food, service and selection.
1	Sign at entrance directs you to seat yourself, sat down at a table and waited over 15 minutes without ever being served. Finally flagged down a waiter to at least bring us a menu. Another 10 minute wait with no service, and we gave up. Food may be good, but it does not count if you never get to eat it.
1	I'm sure the food is great as recommended by friends.  I sat myself as instructed by one of the waitstaff.  Took me 10 minutes of waiting before I asked for a menu.  Took another 15 minutes before I left.  No service for me.  I'm highly disappointed by the lack of service.
4	Great spot looking out at camelback mountain.  They have an ever rotating selection of craft beers and knowledgeable, friendly bartenders.  The wings are very tasty.  We're bringing a friend back because we had a great time.
4	The Attic has 24 of the best craft beers you've never heard of.  I consider myself pretty knowledgeable about beer, but this place reminded me that there are so many good beers out there that I've never tried.  A must try for the craft beer lover.Our server told us that the beer menu changes daily.  I believe it, because the paper beer menu on our table had a slightly different list of beers than the two dozen or so written on the chalkboard on the wall.The Attic does a good job of describing its cornucopia of malty offerings - giving the origin of the beer, the bitterness units and the % alcohol.  There is an early afternoon happy hour that is great if you want to catch a football game on a Saturday or Sunday.  Oh yeah, and the food was pretty good too.  I enjoyed the cheese platter, which had a good sampling of fruits, nuts and artisan cheeses.  The gorgonzola and apple salad was phenomenal and full of flavor.  I didn't have one of the cheeseburgers, but they looked pretty juicy.Did I mention they have a rooftop patio?  The whole bar and restaurant is on the second floor.  Tha patio faces north, away from the sun, and was a pleasant place to sit on a nice fall day. The only complaint I had was the service.  It was friendly, but glacially slow.  It's fine if you plan to spend an afternoon meandering your way through the beer menu, but if you're hungry you might be annoyed by the long wait for your food.  To be fair, we were a large party, but on the other hand the bar wasn't THAT busy.  Overall, though, worth checking out!
5	The Attic has really great burgers; their happy hour is awesome, and I really love eating their fries with the chipotle mayo they have! I actually get sad if I'm in Phoenix and forget to eat here. One of my favorites for sure!One time we got there and there was a waiting list (written on a chalkboard), after putting our name at the bottom and a few people were seated, some guy walks in and writes his name down at the top thinking he's outsmarted the system and will be seated with his friends who have yet to show up before everyone else. I politely mentioned it to the hostess, and she told me she saw him do that in the past. I told her where his name should have been placed given the 10+ groups that were actually before him; and she kindly noted it. Really lovely hostess, she's been great many times in the past as well; shes one of those people that actually cares about her job.Either way, great establishment, and I will certainly visit and recommend to others!
5	The beer selection is great, and I usually just go for the beer.. On Wednesdays the burger and beer for 10$ is awesome but the veggie sandwich is kinda  veggie patties would be great!
5	If you like burgers, beer and fancy bar food... Service has always been great, beer menu is constantly rotating, we've never had to wait and theres always new food. Its a little on the pricier side, but I feel its appropriate given the quality. My only complaint is one time it was too loud, but other times we've been I didn't notice that so who knows. The place can be a challenge to find, just look for the iron gates and the fountain and then go up the stairs. I'd also love for there to be a couple more fruity/cider style beers.
4	Pleasantly surprised! The food was pretty darn good. My SO and I both had burgers and we both impressed! The meat was quality and the toppings were well thought out and tasty. The chipotle mayo was well paired with the burger and I even dipped my fries in it. The atmosphere was comfortable and not too pretentious and prices were reasonable. The view is amazing and I would certainly return.
5	Thank you Natalie! Great service, great food, wine and beer. You were very helpful with everything. Loved the Pinot, great appetizer and salads - just perfect.
5	I'm a huge burger fan.  After hearing these guys had one of the top 5 burgers in the country, I had to give it a try.  Really a fantastic experience...and absolutely the BEST burger I've ever had.  The pretzel bun is just great.  Most places with a good burger use the bun as the thing to hold the meat; The Attic's pretzel bun is so delicious you could eat it by itself.We went on a Wednesday and I got to try a rare Sierra Nevada firkin IPA...just delicious.  Great craft beer selection, excellent food.  You might have to wait, but--trust me--it's worth it.
4	The Homburger is freaking amazing! Perfect mix of spicy & sweet. Also they have awesome assortment of beer on tap.
4	Great burgers and excellent beer selection with many screens to watch sports.  Parking is a bit of a pain
5	If you like craft beer and better than average bar food then this place is perfect!It's on the second level of the building and you can see Camelback Mountain from the bar and front patio.The service is great and all the employees really know about craft beer.  I had a Racer X IPA that I had never tried before and it was wonderful.  I also had a rich and creamy Avery Czar Imperial Stout that was awesome.The Ivan burger is as good as the hype.  They also double fry their french fries to make them extra crispy the way I like them!The Attic really does a great job and I can't wait to come back soon.
4	The Attic is a pretty sweet spot to go to for wings, burgers and beers.  They have a nice sized menu of unique beers (that changes often), and overall the food quality is much better than your average sports bar. Specialty burgers, pizzas and appetizers....most everything is A+.  I personally love their dry rubbed Cajun wings with the chipotle dipping sauce.  It's de-lish!The only reason this place doesn't get a 5-star rating is because the staff here rarely smiles.  And I mean RARELY!!  Sometimes they're friendly-ish, but most of the time they just seem sapped of any sort of enthusiasm, so service drags. If the staff was a little more energetic and on-point, it could definitely get the full 5 in my book.
