4	A while back I got a chance to meet Chef Payton Curry and try his cuisine at Welcome Diner his short lived concept in Downtown Phoenix, incorporating planned obsolescence. Post Welcome Diner, Curry could be found making guest chef appearances at various restaurants around town as well as throwing "Guerrilla dinners" with his merry bunch of culinary misfits. Over the past few months Curry has been keeping his culinary skills sharp in the kitchen of Chef Charlene Badman at Scottsdale hot spot FnB.Fast forward to Today and the first service at Curry's newest venture, Brat Haus.  Nestled in the space formerly occupied by Oregano's Pizza, Brat Haus is spread out among two buildings with a "climate controlled" outdoor patio. (The 360 degree mister was a nice touch and quite refreshing on a hot day but I don't know if I would go as far as agreeing with our hostess that the patio is climate controlled)First up from the Haus, a stone hearth pretzel I have been drooling over on Facebook for the past week.  This rustic pretzel, served with grainy Haus mustard, is just what I had been hoping it would be (so much for maintaining objectivity).  A combination of hard and chewy, kissed with the perfect amount of salt, the Haus pretzel does not disappoint.  If I hear of anyone asking for cheese sauce to dip one of these happy little twists in, I may cry).I've eaten my fair share of Bratwurst including a few while in Germany which were pretty memorable but over-all, i've just never eaten one and exclaimed "DAMN! that's delicious."  Well, I can no longer make that statement as the Spicy brat ($5.75) topped with my choices of spicy peppers (of course) and root beer onions nestled in a chewy french roll just plain rocked.  Juicy, flavorful and possessed of the perfect meaty texture, the traditional spicy brat is a winner. (there will be many more of these in my future)Accompanying my brat were thrice-cooked belgian fries ($4.50/Large).  Lightly seasoned frites, crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside as they should be, served with choice of dipping sauces (in this case truffle aioli and Sriracha Aioli), the Hause fries are not only a perfect companion to a brat but a necessity in my humble opinion.Last but not least, the ubiquitous hamburgers, or are they?  You will find a "regular" burger in the form of the Haus Favorite but that is where the "norm" ends.  There is a brat burger i'd probably want for breakfast every morning consisting of a 1/3lb pork sausage patty topped with a fried egg and swiss cheese ($6.75) and the 800 pound gorilla in the room, the "Pig Mac."($7.25)What's this you say? The Pig Mac? Let me get this straight, Curry thinks it's a good idea to combine a 1/4lb pork sausage patty with a 1/4lb ground beef patty topped with caramelized onions, bound with something called "Hush Hush sauce?"  Well it's a good gawddamned thing Curry has the twisted mind he does because there are few things pork can't make better and apparently a juicy, well seasoned hamburger is one of them.  I don't know why I haven't thought of doing this before but it works.  This mingling of textures and flavors going on here is like the crossing of the proton streams in Ghostbusters except I didn't end up with marshmallow goo on my face.  I must say, I would have rather had a traditional spicy brat split and perched atop my burger a bit more as I preferred its texture and spiciness to the patty but again, this is a winner.It's about time someone broke the mold and opened a restaurant that didn't fall into line with the current trend of cookie-cutter concepts, frozen yogurt, cupcake shops and gourmet burger joints come immediately to mind.  Curry and his Brat Haus have brought something simple, fresh and different to the Scottsdale culinary scene. (I'm sure others will follow in short order).
2	Another typical Scottsdale overhyped eatery.  Food wasn't as good as these rave reviews are making it out to be.  Food was overcooked, bacon was burnt, and buns were kind of lame. Portions were somewhat on the small side although for Scottsdale the pricing was inexpensive by Scottsdale standards.  Really strange beer pricing.  German imports and American microbrews were reasonably priced but the Belgian imports were marked up like they were liquid gold, twice what you would pay for the same beer at OHSO, Delux or Papago.  I was there on opening day so I'll leave my comments about service for another review after they have time to settle in.Gave it another chance and service still hasn't improved.  Had to knock it down.
5	Visited on the second day of service. While the Belgian imports were ostensibly overpriced, the German imports were reasonably priced; that's what I stuck to. I enjoyed the fact that there are a couple different outbuildings that Brat Haus is divided into, and the bar was fun, if not a bit too cozy.The food was excellent. I was particularly impressed with their aioli dips for their Belgian fries. The truffle aioli was amazing, as was the Sriracha aioli. I ordered the Rattlesnake Ripper and a hearth-baked pretzel. The sausage was incredible; not too gamy but it was obvious that it was rattlesnake. The apricot chutney was equally delicious. What got me was the pickles. Normally, I loathe pickles, but I found myself wanting more of their house-made product. The servers were obviously busy, and I cannot fault them for that on their second day of business, but it seemed as though receiving the food took quite a bit longer than normal; there were many tables without food when I arrived.I sincerely hope this establishment does well, as I intend to be back. I imagine after a few weeks the kinks will be ironed out and things will run much more smoothly.
3	Couldn't wait to check out this new neighborhood eatery in Old Town...We were there on the second night it was open which led to service quality issues, but that's to be expected initially. We were seated at a large wood community table, with another party at the other end. I'm not a huge fan of this type of seating, but it wasn't bad. However, there was major confusion regarding table numbers for food delivery (for all of the patio) and discriminating which party had ordered what at the community table. I assume they will work out the kinks with this pretty soon because with a smaller menu chances are high the the party next to you ordered similar items and will end up with your food. We had the chefs feature brat, this month from Justin Beckett, topped with root beer onions (highly recommend) and it was phenomenal! Best I have ever had! The fresh, soft bun was even a delight! The beer brat was also good, nice tart sauerkraut. Belgian fries were fantastic. Dipping sauces we chose were lackluster, we had the blue cheese and bacon as well as the thousand island, can't remember what they called it, skip both and try something else. Beet salad was also just o.k., very sweet. I had heard they had a bean salad at the soft opening that was fabulous and was looking forward to that, but it didn't make it onto the menu, yet. We ordered a pretzel with our meal as well, it did not arrive until 40 minutes after our dinner did. It was really very good. It was delivered without the food runner offering mustard, as they have 5 different varieties, for dipping, but we managed to flag another server down eventually to get them for us. The drunken date cake was maybe one of the best deserts I've tried in a long time! The portion was ample, perfect for sharing. The cake was incredibly moist, topped with a sweet caramel (?) glaze and served with a side of whipped cream adding just enough cool tartness to cut the sweet. It was perfect. They did a good job with the decor, you definitely don't feel like you are on the patio of the old Oregano's, it's industrial, yet warm. I'm gonna give them a few weeks to get their legs underneath them before I give it another shot. Has the potential to be fabulous if they can iron out service.
5	Duck and date with apricot onion chutney= awesome trip for my taste buds. Thanks Payton
4	I love this place, eaten here two days In a row. The Belgian fries are fantastic....however, the servers were a bit unorganized, went through 3 people before I could even get a water. Other than that, great food, polite waiters.
2	This place has a lot of positives, however the service was unfortunately an overwhelming negative and the main reason for my 2 star review. I visited yesterday after the downpour and upon arrival the place was fairly busy, but nothing crazy. The Amy Winehouse hostess with a big bun on her head asked how many and we told her three. She said it would be a minute and asked us to have a seat. Twenty seconds later she turned around, clearly not recognizing my friend and I, and asked if we were waiting for a table for two.  "Uh, no three," I replied. We were seated at a long table which was a little awkward because there was another group next to us at the same table but hey, at least we were seated. Our waitress greeted us, and was very friendly. She took our order and we did not hear from her again for ten minutes, when she came over to inform me they were tapped out of the beer I ordered. I quickly made another choice and then we waited another three minutes or so for the drinks to be brought out. Another five minutes later our baked pretzel came out and it was very good. It came with a honey, Dijon, and stone ground mustard, all of which were very good. Our waitress then came back to take our main order. I ordered the Pig Mac, my friends got a spicy brat, and I can't remember the other. At this point we were informed that fries (and everything) is Ala cart (LAME!) so we ordered a large fry to split. The food took about ten or fifteen minutes and during that time we had to flag our waitress down twice to ask for more drinks. The food however was a bright spot for all of us. Although I did not try my friends food they both agreed it was really good. I can say that I will definitely get the Pig Mac again as it was super tasty! Next, BEWARE THE ICE BIN! During our meal we were seated close to the serving station where there is an ice bin. The staff slammed the top of that thing down every 15-30 seconds and it is loud, so loud we jumped nearly every time they slammed it shut (Yes that loud!). So to sum up, food good, service bad. Hopefully they will get a groove going when the restaurant has been around a little while as this was their first week. However if I go back and the service is still as poor, I will not be returning. Oh and lastly, on our way out, another hostess story! As we were leaving the hostess said good bye. That was nice. However as we looked to our right we noticed the take out part of the restaurant sold brats so we turned around to take a look. When we turned around to walk back in the hostess that just said good bye to us, asked if we wanted a table. You can't make this stuff up!
4	Tasty new addition to the Old Town Scottsdale area. Went on their opening day for lunch, then back again for dinner. They're still working out new-place kinks, but nothing serious.For lunch I had the spicy brat and sweet peppers. For dinner the chorizo sausage and chutney. You can't go wrong on either the basic or premier sausages, but if you're unsure what to try go for a sweet/spicy combo. Like the spicy brat and a sweet topping, or sweet brat and spicy toping. If you like sauerkraut, it's all homemade (like the sausages) so give it a try. If you don't like sauerkraut, you're a strange person and should probably not go to a bratwurst house. And I feel bad for you. I'm sorry.Where was I... oh yes, their belgian fries are great, and I am a fan of the sriracha aoli dipping sauce. Of course, they pretty much had me at "sriracha". Their beer list is very well rounded. I'm not a huge fan of belgians and german beer, so was a little worried, but there is plenty of great beer there to drink across the whole spectrum. Chatted up Ben The Beer Baron for a while, and he definitely knows his stuff. Don't be shy about asking him for recommendations.
4	I recently checked out this place after a friend had a craving for a hot dog/brat. I was curious to see how this place was, now that it was taking over the space that was previously Oregano's. The area that was once parking is now an awesome wide open patio area. And the fans going in the patio area made it bearable to be out there. I wanted to guest chef sausage, but sadly, they were out, so I ended up going with the beer brat with relish. It was yummy. There was bit of heat to it, but not too much, just enough to keep it from needing any condiments to help in the taste department. They offered not only the usual, but they had a section for gourmet and exotic meats. Also got a side of fries with their hush hush sauce and their chipotle aioli. Their hush hush is reminiscent of In N Out's sauce which was yummy as was their chipotle sauce. They did offer ketchup and curry ketchup, but I didn't really indulge in that, but the curry ketchup was good with a fry or two. I did appreciate their beer selection. I tried their Lindemans framboise and their one that was apple. I think next time some of the other beers need to be tried but in the boot :P
4	I was here for lunch earlier in the week and really enjoyed my experience at the Brat Haus.  The interior space is split into two areas and is now decorated in a military/industrial theme to a certain extent.The menu is meat-centric although they do have a few salads.  I chose the sweet brat with apricot onions.  I also liked dipping the brat in the honey mustard sauce that was available at the table.I'll come back another time and start trying the large selection of craft beers they have on tap.
5	Fantastic beers, beer-knowledgeable servers, great but limited food menu, and extremely pleasant outdoor seating in a lovely courtyard off the street.  couldn't be better unless it was walking distance from my house!
4	I definitely wondered what I'd be able to get at Brat Haus when I went to the newly opened Old Town Scottsdale restaurant that has replaced the old Oregano's location. The dining spot, owned by Chef Payton Curry (formerly of Caffe Boa) and business partner Dave Andrea, doesn't have their menu listed online, but I figured I'd at least be able to eat some Belgian-style fries if there weren't any vegetarian options.Thankfully, there were plenty of veggie noms to choose from, including salads, pretzels and a vegan grain brat, which I got and thought was decent, though the mashed consistency was not the meat-like one I would have preferred.I topped it with some great spicy peppers and some of those delicious fries (a small is only $1.75 -- get it with the Sriracha Aioli)), and I was really pleased with the price and portion of the meal.If you're a meat-eater, you have a lot of choices, in the form of about a dozen types of brats that include exotic types such as rabbit and rattlesnake ($5.75-$8.75), plus burgers. There was also a "guest" brat by local Chef Justin Beckett, with proceeds benefiting charity, which I thought was an awesome idea. And with even more toppings to choose from (aprciot onion chutney, sauerkraut, root beer onions), the combinations really seem endless.My friend got a chicken brat with the spicy peppers and said it was great. I wish there had been wheat bun options, but overall, I enjoyed my meal.Save room for the Drunken Date Cake dessert ($5), a toffee cake made with dates and served drizzled in caramel. The dessert is a must-have and tasted scrumptiously every bite, and since it's nothing something I would normally ever order, I was highly impressed.Brat Haus should also be known for its large selection of American, German and Belgian beers. They have a ton I've never even heard of, plus they have my favorite, Lindemans Framboise. My friend got the Sawtooth Ale from Left Hand Brewing Company, and I got a housemade strawberry soda ($4), which was very interesting but not sweet enough for me -- I'd probably stick with water over that.The atmosphere reminded me of The Vig in Arcadia. There is a huge patio, and I could picture lots of crowds lounging around, especially in the cooler months.Brat Haus also includes both a bar and fast-service restaurant in separate locations on the property, with the darkly lit bar looking more like a romantic spot than a rowdy one. With the very reasonably priced menu items, I thought the decor was perfect and even chic, considering the menu.Something I wasn't crazy about was the music, with the playlist including everything from *NSYNC to country music. I would have almost preferred some classic German music to the all-over-the-place music we heard -- or, at the very least, the DJ-delivered hipster stylings of a place such as Hanny's. Maybe music isn't something that means a lot to some diners, but for me, it can affect my whole meal, and I was confused by the musical theme the restaurant was projecting.I'd love to go back to Brat Haus soon to try a salad and a pretzel, and I especially can't wait to revisit their patio in the upcoming fall months.
5	Servers are top notch, food is impeccably crafted, atmosphere is amazing. A step above, truly and irrevocably. Taste everything!
5	Simply outstanding!  The exact type of location my husband and I have been seeking since we returned from Europe last  year.  The food was portioned perfectly, the beers were excellent and the staff + atmosphere was as close to a beer garden as we have found in AZ.  After one visit we knew we'd be regulars.  PROST!!!
5	Went there for the pre-opening party and had the opportunity to sample everything.  This place is great, just what old town needed- something DIFFERENT!! They have 25 beers on tap tht have been carefully selected and can suggest what drink goes best with your meal! Plus they serve food late night that fantastic! RUN to this place!!
2	I love the concept, I love the decor, I love the idea, hopefully the food can catch up. We knew going opening week would be under par as the staff tries to gain their groove, so we went in with I'd say low expectations. We weren't disappointed. Our server knew nothing about the products on the menu or the beverages offered. My friends each got craft brews and were offered non-chilled glasses, they opted to just drink out of the bottle. I tried the Strawberry fields cocktail. It tasted purely of artificial syrup - nothing fresh about it, and I couldn't tell if the Vodka made it in the glass or not.We decided to start with the Pretzel and then each opted for different Brats so we could share and get a variety. The pretzel didn't come out till the brats did - so much for ordering an app. When it did finally arrive it was a very dark brown and somewhat mangled look,  we could have gotten past that if it at least tasted good, but not only was this pretzel an eye sore, it was a mouth sore. It was everything you don't want a pretzel to be - tough, chewy and burnt. Finally, the Brats... the Brats themselves weren't bad, but the Brat:Bread Ratio was way off. We received these huge Brat buns that were easily double the size of the actual brat. I wouldn't call myself a Brat aficionado I just can't imagine how you screw up such a simple and easy item - especially if you are the "Brat Haus". The one item of the whole evening actually worth noting was the Apricot Chutney, it was flavorful and the only reason I was able to finish my bready meal. I would be up to giving them another chance, it seems everyone else had a much better experience. I hate to leave bad reviews, but hey, you can't win them all!
5	I was incredibly excited to learn about the opening of this establishment. I'm a fan of Wurstkuche in LA and try to go there when I'm in town (which isn't often, considering my total distaste for that entire city) and was happy to hear that there would be something similar in my neck of the words (albeit in Scottsdale--who sort of wants to be LA but just....isn't). This place blows Wurstkuche out of the water.1) The patio, even though it was 105 on a Saturday evening, was extremely comfortable due to the huge mister they've installed. Feel free to sit out on it..you'll be comfortable enough.2) The service was fantastic the entire night. I was sure that the evening would be a total cluster**** because it was the first Saturday night they would be open. I expected long food and drink waits and general order and ticketing screw ups. None of that happened, even though there were 9 of us on 4 different checks and we were there for three hours. The servers and the food runners were all extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the beer, the food, and what toppings/mustards went well with what. I don't know who Payton has doing his front of the house training (it's probably him, anyway), but kudos to educating your team.3) The ingredients are fresh and the food is all crafted in house. All sausages are made in house (and they're for sale at the front counter if you want to take them to go). The kraut is handmade. The pickles are handmade. I believe they bake their own bread. The pretzels are handmade. The fries are hand cut. All of the sauces are handmade (the hush hush sauce, a very close variant to Thousand Island dressing, had their chopped homemade pickles in it). Anything they don't make in house is purchased from local vendors/farms. 4) The beer selection rules. Belgian prices, as stated, are a bit overpriced if you ask me. However, they have some great American-made Belgian Style options (finally got around to trying a Green Flash Le Freak and it did NOT disappoint). Don't be an ahole and order a Bud Light--which they don't have. (Although, I did see they have PBR in the can there...guess it's for the hipsters).5) The food is just really really good. Strong flavors, perfectly seasoned good. Everyone at the table had something different and everyone raved about how good their sausages were. We were also lucky enough to sample a just-crafted recipe that wasn't on the menu yet--a beer cheese fondue served with their house made pretzels. Even though we were all stuffed, we managed to devour it. Dessert was also fantastic; that drunken date cake is a must try. Rumors abound that there will be other locations--I'm keeping my fingers crossed for a downtown location as it's closer to my house. Until then, I can't imagine we won't be making regular treks to this new place. Congrats, Payton.
5	This is the first visit for Peg and me to this fun place. We have followed Chef Curry for years and you KNOW when you read his background and affiliations that he is one of the great ones in the Valley. This ain't your Hormel in a bun!  Peg had the Duck, Duck, Dates sausage and I had the Guest Chef Sausage (Chef Justin Beckett's BBQ pork and jalapeno..some proceeds going to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society). The Chopped Wedge Salad was great, the pretzel was stupidly good with choices of mustards (honey and whole grain were just  scrumptious). and the Belgian fries were crispy...without being asked to be made that way. This is indeed a go-back.  Dr. B
5	German beer on tap, delicious brats (even vegan brats!) and an atmosphere that is ridiculously laid back you can't do better for an evening with friends! Btw drunken date cake, as good as or better than pizziokie... You decide.  Finally, bonus points for those who recognize who/what the logo is based on.
2	The brats were pretty tasty, though there are better more flavorful available.  The buns are not quite right.  We tried one of the pretzels and while the mustard was spot on the first pretzel wasn't cooked right and the chef disposed of it and brought us a new one.  The new one was only marginally better.  Should have been softer with a nice crust and sea salt on top... big disappointment there.Also the price, was an issue for the the money you should get a side dish, frys, potato salad, something to lessen the kick in the pants.
4	Great food, atmosphere, and beer selection however a couple details are missing. Me and some friends went and checked out Brat Haus in the afternoon/evening on a Friday night and overall it was a great experience. I was impressed with the menu and love the concept of beer first, food second. I had the spicy brat with an assortment of toppings which came out to around $7, which I would say was worth it.  We also got a large fries as an appetizer and I was very impressed, especially with the dipping sauces.Why not 5 stars? I have run in to this WAY too much from places like Brat Haus. They set a great German mood with their Brats and import craft beer selection, so you really start to get into a German pub mindset then......Nickleback comes blasting onto the speakers. You put all this effort into making me feel like I am in a German, craft beer, easy going environment, but then you play a pop station that plays Nickleback and Lady Gaga. Take a couple days, make a playlist that goes with your atmosphere, this is important! The crowd here isn't the typical Scottsdale crowd, so they shouldn't play the typical Old Town Scottsdale music.Other than this, great place and I will definitely be returning to play that strange washers game!
4	awesome clean brew house .. great friendly staff from the poor girl outside in this HOT HELLISH Az sun who managed to have this perfect smile  to the gents who greeted Us at the door, that's a great first impression ... out door seating in the Spring will be great , we opted for the bar, great choice here, considering the Staff was will gifted with What was on the menu , and offered great suggestions right out of the shoot !  love the feel cool open vibe that this place has going on , list of beers on the wall was impressive , great selections , puts you in the mood for a iced cold bier ( beer)   Then the menu , oh boy , even if there were a few choices , that's all you need right there... one spicy brat with kraut . one chorizo with pickled red onions,PICKLED with lots of care in mind.   then the Heavens opened !   Great job guys , there is NO one in town doing this , and you guys are right on target here !  fresh Pretzels WHAT ???? holy Lard on !   what could be better than this !   You WILL See me back there in no doubt , and the hundreds that WILL see my Social net friends
1	Sorry, not impressed!  I was so excited to take our family to dinner here tonight (7-13-2012)  I think I worked myself up on expectations and everything fell short.  First, we were told a 10 min wait for a table for 2 adults and 4 kids, we waited over 45 minutes and watched everyone who came in behind us get seated.  Imagine the anxiousness of our kids!!  While waiting, the host asked us if we wanted anything, but then told us that she couldn't actually serve us???  What?  She then proceeded to tell us to get up and go order whatever we wanted from the cashier at the bar, but that they couldn't serve us because they were afraid the kitchen would get overwhelmed!!!  Ok, really?  The hosts need a lot of training, a lot!!!!Finally, we get a table, we ordered some beer brats, Haus burgers and some fries.  Everything was just "ok".  The buns are way bigger than the brats, a couple of the buns were soggy, the sauerkraut tasted like it came out of a can and was cold!  Pretzel was good, dipping sauces were unique and good.  Prices for food were fair, but the beer was expensive.The ambiance was great, clean and new.  But I didn't come to spend $75  to look at some furnishings and interior design work.  The waiter himself tried hard and did a good job.  He brought our kids free cookies as an apology, I didn't actually get one, but they told me the cookies rocked!  I wish he would have given the bill to the kids too!Really wish this was a good review, but it just started all wrong with a terrible first impression.  I would wait to visit after a few months of them trying to get it right, or, just don't waste your time or $$ at all!!
4	THE GERMANS ARE HERE THE GERMANS ARE HERE!!!(please read aloud in a German accent).The Germans have arrived to Old Town Scottsdale and have brought their wieners with them. The Brathaus recently opened in the ever so familiar yet always at least hour wait location Oregano's used to be in. First thing first I have to give kudos to whoever had the idea o get ride of those 4 parking spots Oregano's had and turned it into an open beer garden. Genius! The Brathaus set up very similar to how Oregano's used to be expect now the building on the right is filled with 20+ craft international beers on tap. And if you want the true experience upgrade that craft beer to a DAS BOOT!Now on to the food. A relatively simple menu and its exactly what you think brats, burgers and boxed water? Ya they have boxed water apparently its the best water in the world....for $10 a case it better be the drinking fountain of youth. The bottom line is you get  a choice of brat from spicy, beer, sweet...the list goes on. Then you get a choice of traditional toppings 3 are included each one after that is .75cents a piece. For your side I would recommend sharing a large fries and make sure to ask for the dipping sauces they are awesome! My brat was good I got a beer brat with sauerkraut relish and spicy pickles. It was cooked well, toppings were good and plentiful. If I had to critique I would say the bun was a little dry but that's if I had to say something. Now we went on day 5 of them being open so talking about the service isn't totally fair so I'll be nice. The service was pretty lets say overwhelmed. We waited in front of the bar for close to 30 minutes before the bartender even noticed us. Then the food took a while but everything did come out right the first time. However I will say  our server was working his tail off to make sure everything was right so his effort offset the delays. I will be going back to the BratHaus and hope this one of a kind spot in Scottsdale stays around for a while. I mean you can't beat a good beer and a brat.
1	Tonight was actually our second night at the Brat Haus - the first time we went for a few beers, a game of washers, and to try the bavarian pretzels - they were absolutely delicious that night  so we decided to go back...and soon.We had a very different experience tonight.  After being seated we waited for 10-15 minutes before a server greeted us - he said that he would figure out who our server was but took our beer order.  When our server arrived she didn't apologize, nor did she introduce herself, she dropped off our beers, quickly took our order and was off.  It was another 45-50 minutes before our food arrived.  My husband ordered a beer brat, something he grew up with in Wisconsin and has made himself time to time.  He said that it was peppery and had no beer flavor and he didn't enjoy it at all.  He made better beer brats himself last weekend and the man is no chef!  I had ordered the vegan grain sausage and what I was presented with was a soft veggie burger.  I was a little confused but ate it anyway, it was rather bland and the "burger" part of it not at all crisp.  I was really excited for my "fake brat" so that was a disappointment and, frankly, should be listed under the burger section if that is the "sausage".  We ordered the fries as well which were ok - we would have loved to get them a little earlier if we'd known it was going to take so long to prepare our meals.After dinner we had another round of beers and ordered another pretzel - this time, the pretzel we received was rock hard and not at all enjoyable to eat.  We had asked for honey mustard and curry ketchup and received honey on the plate.  After 2 hours we had finally paid our bill and walked quickly away from a bad dining experience.The only positive thing I can say about this place at this point is that the beer is decent, but it's not the only place in Phoenix with decent beer.I'm not sure what was going on with this place tonight, but I hope they figure things out.  This is exactly the kind of concept of a place we would go to regularly but after tonight my husband said he won't go back.
1	$12 for a normal draft size Belgian beer.  It's not that much elsewhere in the valley.  Insane.  I feel bad for people who order it without having seen the menu with the prices on it.Pretzels were fresh, hot, and delicious.  They're not authentic German style ones, by the way, but they are good for what they are.  The grain mustard was a little disappointing because it was so mild.  Fries were delicious.  Glassware is a nice plus.Parking is even worse than the old Oreganos here because they nixed the interior spots too.  Staff seemed rather ignorant of beers they serve and beer in general, and this place is promoted as a beer destination.UPDATE: bad service is more common on recent visits, including some attitude from one of the servers for no good reason.  Falafel appetizer was horribly dry and unpleasant on last visit too.  Looking forward to the Union Barrel House opening up next door which is supposed to be a craft beer destination sort of place.
2	Stopped in to this place which lives lives in two small buildings for lunch today, joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  Mike & I split a "Pig Mac" & a "Python Ripper".The Pig Mac was a burger with 1/4 lb. of hamburger plus 1/4 lb. of pork sausage, plus lettuce, pickle, carmelized onion, & sauce.  It tasted good, but I liked it less than a similar sized burger at Smashburger, Five Guys or Fatburger.  ($7.25)The Python hot dog ($8.75) was plain, but for the mustard you add yourself, & had a tasty but skinny snake weiner in it.  Ok, not just his weiner.     :-))Seating was uncomfortable to me, sitting on a high, hard stool at a high table.Service was friendly & prompt.By the time it was over this cost just under $19, & both Mike & I were still hungry when we left, so even though the snake dog was an interesting treat this was a pretty weak experience overall & it's not a place I would return to.
3	Had lunch here with Robyn N. and Rand H. the place was nice with lots of friendly staff. I had the pig mac and the rattle snake sausage (python no rattlesnake today) Well the food was ok but not outstanding and I think it was not worth the price. If the order would have come with fries i would have given them another star. Ate there an hour ago and I am hungry already.
4	I was teetering between rating this place a 3 or a 4, but went with the 4 because at the end of the day, I know we'll be back.We stopped by Saturday night after a lonnnnnng day of home repairs. The hubs deserved some good eats, so we headed over to the Brat Haus, as my hubs is a lover of all thing meat. (Wait, that can come off in a bad way... nevermind. He loves dead animal. How about that?)We arrived shortly after a massive rain storm had hit, and the sky was still pretty dark & grey. The hostess immediately went to serve us outside, and I asked "What is the plan should it start to rain again?" Her answer: "Ummm... I guess just run as fast as you can inside." Cute. I'm 6 months pregnant. Not happening. I ask her if there is anything inside available - and she says no. I told her we'd wait. And she sort of huffed back to the hostess stand. Sorrrryyyyy for not wanting to get stuck in the rain.We get back to the hostess area, and take a seat. We took a look and see how the place had changed from the Oregano's days. It was really neat! They took the parking area and created a large patio-type-seating place. Definitely would be great on a spring afternoon. As we were told that it'd be 15 minutes before we could be sat, imagine our surprise when moments later the hostess walked over and said, "I just bused a table inside for you, so we are set." Hooray!We walked inside, and to our surprise THERE WAS NO ONE SEATED INSIDE. Well, that's a lie, there were two couples. But there were about 15 seats available. Seriously? No seating inside? I get annoyed with bad service far more than I get annoyed by bad food. So we sit. Our server pops over and explains the menu. Quite an interesting selection of Brats, and I was happy to see they had burgers & salads as well. The hubs ordered a beer (forgot the name) and I ordered a root beer. We also ordered a pretzel to split.The pretzel came, and was HOT. Fresh out of the oven, which is awesome, however it was SO hot we couldn't eat it for about five minutes while it cooled. When it was cooled, we took bites and it was good! Not life changing, but it worked. The root beer was Dad's Rootbeer, served ice-cold out of the bottle. The hubs said his beer was 'thick'. I took his word for it, but he finished it & liked it. For dinner, the hubs ordered the 'celebrity chef special' brat which that week was something by Justin Beckett, and I ordered a cheese burger. We also ordered a side of fries to split.The food came quickly and was yummy. The hubs ordered his Brat with the rootbeer onions on top, which were OK, but he thinks he'll go a different direction in the future. My burger was awesome - perfectly cooked and the sides & sauces on top were perfectly mixed. The 'Hush Hush' sauce they put on top is basically a thousand island... or McDonald's 'Secret' sauce. Get it? Hush-Hush vrs Secret Sauce? Hilar.The fries were good, and the sauce we had selected - the Blue Cheese Bacon - to dip them in was good. Kind of watery, but you definitely got a smoked bacon taste as you ate.We were meeting friends for dessert or I would have been ALL OVER the shakes or floats I saw heading out of the kitchen. We'll definitely go back and try more menu items... I'll just make sure not to have high expectations for the hostess staff. For now at least...
5	Nothing like a weenier and a beer to get your weekend started right! Met some friends at the Brat Haus to try the new place out.... and it was great! I liked it because it was different... brats, fries & beer! What more could you want! Oh yeah - home made pretzels! Everything was delicious! I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a laid-back, chilled atmosphere with great food and beer of course!
5	If there's German food or beer in the Phoenix area, you better bet your bottom dollar I'll know about it. I came here the day after it had opened and it was pretty slammed but we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a seat. While we waited, we were able to go over to the bar area and get ourselves a beer. The beer list is so great, it took me 5 minutes to decide which one to get first. I started with a Bell's draft for the wait (I know, I know - getting an American beer at this place? But Bell's is the bees knees and not many places have them on draft so Brat Haus gets a big star for that). Once we got seated, the waiter came over and was extremely friendly and attentive. Every time I go to a restaurant shortly after they open, there's usually always some hiccups - spotty service, out of certain menu items, etc., but that wasn't the case at all! Everything seemed to be running smooth like they'd been open for months already. I got the spicy brat and the #5 Hefe for dinner. We also split fries and the pretzel. Hands down best pretzel I've ever had! The ambiance is great, they have a beer menu to make even the most decisive person become an indecisive little girl, and the menu makes me want to keep coming back until I try everything. Go here.
5	Love love love love love this place. Did I mention that I love it?What's not to love? Awesome selection of beer and brats. Awesome setting. Awesome service. Oh, and awesome prices - as in they won't break your bank like a lot of places in Scottsdale will.If you like brats and beer (and even pretzels!) you owe it to yourself to get there soon.
5	Indulged myself in some German dining this past weekend. It was a great atmosphere and the food tasted awesome. The pretzels were  unreal! Everyone was extremely kind, especially the hostess (dark hair). The wait was a little longer than I had hoped, but she made an effort to ensure we were doing well, and she kept us up to speed with why it was taking a little longer. Great service and I strongly recommend it.Nick H.
4	Had dinner on 7/19. We were promptly greeted and sat at a long bar table inside. I really liked the atmosphere, very clean and modern, but still warm with the wooden tables. We ordered the specialty brat by Chef Beckett with pickled onions as well as the kosher brat with kraut. All of their ingredients are homemade I as I was informed by our waitress. I really liked the Dijon mustard and thought the kraut was fresh, not too salty. We also ordered fries with dipping sauces. I assume the fries are twice fried, so if you like them crunchy, order them up. The truffle aioli and bleu cheese bacon dipping sauces were best. Sriracha dipping sauce is a good concept, but wasn't particularly flavorful. The beer selection is great! Green Flash Palate Wrecker was priced very well, as was the Rasputin we ordered. A nice selection of a variety of beers, which I thought were fairly priced. (Sorry to Bud and Coors fans, get your cheap beer-water fix elsewhere).
4	Had dinner there last night with my partner. Solid and friendly greeting.  We sat at the bar. Fun and informed staff. Mgr checked in on food taste. Had kosher beef and beer brat pls small fries and potato salad.  All tasty. Bun seemed a little large for the dogs. Dogs could be a little bigger but price was right. Beer was cold and fresh. Had German hefeweiss in brewery glassware. Nice touch. Will return. Hope they carve a niche for themselves. Would go back for the beer daily if I could
3	Had lunch here last week with Rand H and Mike C at my suggestion.  The menu looked at awesome and I couldn't wait to try the brats.  I had the Duck, Duck, Dates with the apricot sauce on top.  The sausage was very tasty, but it sure was a tiny little thing!  They could have served it with a roll 1/2 the size and eased up on the amount of the apricots, which totally masked the flavor.  I also had the fries, which were very good, and the blue cheese bacon dipping sauce that had no flavor at all and looked like milk more than a dipping sauce.  I also loved the pickled veggies they served with the sandwich.I am not a fan of high top tables either, and the only regular tables are outside.  The food was great, but as far as value goes, there are much better options out there.  I'd go back if I were in the area and hungry, but doubt I'd go out of my way to come back.
4	Had a hankering for grilled hot dogs with all the fixins',  when my husband came home and mentioned Brat Haus.  Newly opened in Oregano's old flagship location in Old Town Scottsdale, this place was great!  The servers are all attentive and helpful with suggestions and the beers are plentiful.  We enjoyed a Spaten Oktoberfest and a Krombacher Pils.  With over two dozens brews on draft, it was hard to decide. No domestics here, friends, and that's the way it should be.  We were recommended the fundido, stone hearth-baked pretzels, perfectly salted and served with a creamy cheese sauce and spicy mustard. For dinner, the Spicy Brat with root beer grilled onions and Apricot Onion Chutney.  They use Niman Ranch pork, chicken and beef for all of their sausages which made me instantly add another star to my review.  The  Spicy Brat's casing was perfect...soft yet snappy and not too thick. I was happy with the sausage. Next time, I'll order the Beer Brat. The Apricot Chutney was also delicious! For our side, we chose fries with Truffle Aioli and Bleu Cheese-Bacon Sauce.  Both of their sauces were good as well. For dessert...well, I was way too full to even consider it, but when Dave Andrea himself highly suggest you get the Drunken Date Cake...you DO IT! I will return JUST to get a piece of this cake again.  Dave was right...the cake did not make it to the next day. Made with oatmeal stout and topped with ice cream and caramel sauce...this was phenomenal. My husband and I fought over who got the last bite!   We will definitely return!
4	Great beer (duh) and great food!  The menu was concise and paired well with the beers we selected.  My kid had this amazing Vanilla Jellybean Soda, and my beet salad and pretzel were awesome!  My hubby liked his burger and fries.  We were planning on brats for dinner so we had to pass on them for lunch.  It will be on the list the next time we visit.Disappointing were the mustards, really.  For a German themed restaurant, bland mustards are NOT the way to go.  The bonus was that we got to meet one of the owners.  To be fair, it was the first week it opened so they were very active in the operations.  I don't think that will last much longer if it is still going on.  Our server was a little odd... made for a couple uncomfortable interactions.  He wasn't horrible, just odd.  I think we got an incorrect beer too - hubby is a professional brewer and I have worked in craft beer and wine for almost 10 years, we kinda know our beers.BUT we are totally going back and we are totally sitting in the beer garden.Parking stinks though.  Just know you will be parking a little ways away.
5	Had dinner here with my bf's family and I really enjoyed the food! First, we had the pretzel appetizer that the waiter recommended and it was fairly addicting. It was so fresh we had to wait a while for it to cool down. It came with cheese fondue and special spicy mustard. I ended up getting the pig mac burger and the bf got the spicy brat with pickled peppers. We split both and boy it was good. The burger consists of 1/4 lb sausage & 1/4 lb beef. It was cooked so well and it was super filling. They have a hush hush sauce which is comparable to a thousand island based sauce. The spicy brat was probably one of the best I've had considering I am not a huge brat fan. Both items had quality bread. We got a large order of the fries to share amongst the table and they were awesome. I recommend the chipotle aioli dipping sauce, the bleu cheese- bacon sauce was alright but I wish we had tried the sriracha aioli sauce instead. They have a good selection of beers and the staff is very helpful. I would definitely recommend giving this place a shot!
5	When you can parallel park in front of Salty's on a Friday night you know it's meant to be. Look, for $6 you can stuff your face with one of the best damned sausages in the world. With or without the tasty bun. Your sausage comes with your choice of condiment (I chose the pickle relish for my beer brat and the sauerkraut for the lamb sausage) and if you have another $6 you can get a pint of Hefeweizen to accompany the sausage. Maybe dig around in your money belt and locate another $6 and order a Chimay instead of a Hefe? It'll come in an authentic Chimay glass, as will the other super legit crafty beers on the menu.Try out the home made pretzel, but you don't need to dip it in fundido because the mustard is quite good and some fusion just doesn't quite work. Seriously...I know it's AZ and all, but that's a miss of a combination.The staff is attentive and they know the menu well enough to riff with you on pairing beers with what you order from the food column. Our server said something about a Nutella-chocolate-malted shake at the end of the meal so we had to add that experience to the meal and it didn't disappoint at all. So good, in fact, that Nutella will be added to all home made milkshakes in my blender from now on.I would come back again and again and again to Brat Haus.
4	I love what they have done with the place post Oregano's. The patio is fantastic and the bar area is dark and intimate and perfect for conversation. I tried the beer brat with sauerkraut - simple and amazing! I didn't get to try one of the dozens of German and Belgian beers on tap this time.
2	Did lunch today, first time there. Brat had decent flavor but I had a hard time finding it; the poor little thing was lost in the roll.  The bread to meat ratio was about 3 to 1 and that does not make for a good sandwich.  The belgian fries were also a bit disappointing.  Fine flavor-wise but they were all only about a 3/4 inch to 1 inch long.  Very strange, especially considering the focus on dipping sauces.  You could not dip them without getting your fingers in the sauce.  Sevice was OK, atmosphere more of a bar than a restaurant.  Overall not worth the drive.
4	Went today for lunch with a friend. I started off with the Krombacher Pils. She had..... a different beer. I had the solo burger. She had the Pig Mac. Both burgers were excellent. My bun was a little unsupportive. Burger buns need to have some substance to them so they don't fall apart, which this one did. A double would have been a disaster. We also split an order of fries and they were well done to perfect tubes of goodness. However just as another reviewer mentioned, they are short fries. Maybe an inch long. And then they want you to dip them. Hmmm. Parking is ok. You either have to pull into the driveway just before it or use the Needlepoint store lot down the street and walk around the corner. It felt a little warm inside. Not sure if the AC was working properly. It's a small place (both sides) and not a lot of seating. KInd of cramped quarters.Our server was awesome. He mentioned that they hired 50 people to start off with and now they are down to the staff that know their product and will be focused on customer service. Good. One thing that impressed me was that they offer a service that no one else does.(that I know of anyway) If you have had one too many beers you can hire a cab. It is $20 and two people arrive. One to drive you and one to drive your car to your house. Why hasn't anyone thought of this before? The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the seating. I'm a short person. Trying to hike myself up onto the high stools isn't easy or ladylike and the only low tables and chairs are outside. In the heat. In Arizona. In the summer. I'm looking forward to trying out the beer garden once it cools off. Lastly I did take several pretzels home. Just baked and right from the oven. I was pleased with their size and consistency. They were legit. Next I will go back with my husband and son and try some other goodies- especially the nutella shake! Oh. Yes.I'll let you know how it goes.
3	We dropped in for lunch about a week ago with some pretty high expectations. On first sight it was a great spot and it was exceptional to see that the parking spots in the center of the compound gone and replaced with tables. The tables did seem a bit sparce and I imagine they will add more as outdoor volume dictates. The new mural was very cool, but the guy who painted it must have been stoned, in a good way though.The place was busy mid week for a late lunch and that was a great sign that all was going well with this new concept, because so many of downtown restaurants would have been empty this time of day. Greetings were friendly as expected, but service was just a tad off, probably just because they are still new, I imagine and expect it to get better with some time.On to the food, The brats- SUBLIME!!!! amazing and I was sad I could only eat one. The Pretzle was abosolutly the very BEST I have ever had anywhere. this is a great start to something great. What I didnt like was you had to choose add ons like toppings and sauces and that could add up fast if you feel ike sampling. Thats also where the missteps started to happen, The root beer onions must have been from the bottom of the batch cause they were way to soft, reminded me of the texture of over cooked angel hair pasta. The Hush Hush Sauce was SO SO and the Siracha Aioili was just thin and flavorless. The fries were just ok so the sauces didnt save them. The small smattering of pickled veggies just seemed chintzie and a little on the soft side.Will I be back to the Brat Haus... You Bet!!! This place has so much potential, and I cant wait to grab a table on the patio and drink beer, lots of beer, and wash the beer down with brats and pretzles. I also hope my negetive food observations change as I expect they will. You need to give this place a try, It's a great new addition to Old Town!!!
1	A lousy hot dog stand with expensive beer.Four of us went for lunch Sunday. Server was great, but service was slow because she had tables outside and we were inside. Ordered brats and they were severely overlooked and bad. The spicy one was so bad that it was hard all the way thru. The cook ought to go to Ted's to see how good brats are cooked!Tried Belgian Fries and they were so overcooked that they were black brown in color and totally crispy.Draft beer was almost warm and very expensive. Food was very expensive too.Food served was cool, probably because it came from a building next door. We were in bar.Bill for 4 lunches and a couple of beers was over $160.My summary: A BAD HOT DOG STAND, OVERLY EXPENSIVE, WITH SOME GOOD BEERS ON TAP...BUT WARM.Will never go back.
2	Nice relaxed atmosphere. Delicious but expensive beer. $8 Brats that don't fill the bun. Hard wooden wobbly stools.
4	I will warn right off, I may be slightly biased in my opinion of this place, because of my incredibly pleasant first visit here. Is that such a bad thing though?When I first arrived and seated myself at the bar, I was surprised to find that there were 3 people seated at the bar who I knew. Then lo and behold, I knew the bartender as well! Naturally, this resulted in a rather warm greeting and an instant level of comfort.Next up was to get a good look at the beer list, which I had already heard many positive things about, despite this place only having been open for a couple of weeks. I must admit, their selection is rather impressive; unfortunately, it is Scottsdale prices. This means that each beer has been marked up a few dollars extra on top of your typical bar prices. It's not enough to steer me away from the place, but enough to elicit a bit of a cringe when the bill arrives. I ended up having a couple of very delicious German and Belgian beers, a couple of which I had (amazingly) never had before.Finally, the thing that thie place is named and known for: their bratwurst. I was a little unsure what all they could do with bratwurst to make an entire restaurant concept out of it. Well let me tell you, they pulled it off brilliantly. I had a DUCK bratwurst and I was not in the least disappointed. A friend of mine also had a "rabbit & hops" bratwurst which he claimed was tasty. At some point I want to go back and give the rattlesnake bratwurst a shot. That selection is certainly enough to keep the curious coming back! I just need to save up a few dollars to cover the cost of the beers...
4	Oregano's decided to move from their classic old town location just up the road to the old Sugar Daddy's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sugar-daddys-scottsdale) which I didn't approve of because they are trading in their cool ambiance for a chain like atmosphere #superweak especially cause ambiance is what got them where they are at today.  Anyway Brat Haus took over the old Oregano's spot which in itself is fantastic because they are already winning at that location, the patio is still huge and there are still several indoor dining areas that have been remodeled but still feel homey and comfortable.  They have a huge on tap beer selection and a nice menu of crazy brat options, for example the exotic section has rattlesnake and duck brats which I'm intrigued by but I'd rather play it safe.  Speaking of play it safe I DIDN'T, I look the waitress's recommendation of the Thai Chicken brat which was shockingly delicious and flavorful, service was quick and on point, the waitress was nice, attentive and attractive +1
4	Impressive beer list (Delirium Tremens on tap!), delicious brats (I had the Spicy, friend had the Thai Chicken), and amazing fries with oh-so-not-healthy-but-oh-so-yummy dipping sauces. Our waiter Chris was friendly, funny and took great care of us!  Looking forward to going back. PS. Beer prices are definitely Scottsdale prices though, so that's why I gave 4 stars.
3	I reeeeaaaallly wanted to love this place. Maybe my expectations were just too high.We went last night, it was quiet and our server was VERY ATTENTIVE. Which was a little much-there was at least one time that he reminded himself that he already asked us the same question, and he even would wait to watch my husband try his beer. Which, of course, I know is better than the alternative, but seriously he could've gave us a little space. The brats were great but smallish portions. We got fries-good, and a salad-meh. The spinach salad was sold out, so we got the cobb and it was just so-so.I guess I feel like overall the concept is giving mixed messages:-brat haus is all about brats! no wait-beer! the name of the restaurant features food-brats specifically, but then the menu says they created the food to complement beer. The menu doesn't pair up food specifically with beer. It felt like it would be a good place known for drinking (like casey moores), but features a menu that reads like it's a restaurant.-brat haus is relaxed and casual like a German oktoberfest but has small portions and nickles and dimes the customers. Obviously, this is a Scottsdale restaurant, but why not just adjust the prices and include a choice of side? You go in expecting a BRAT, but you get a brat swimming in a bun. You get one topping, but are charged 75 cents for each additional. Ching ching ching. You realize you need to order fries. Or a (meh) salad. Look, just up the prices and portions so people feel like they are getting fed, otherwise people are just going to keep being disappointed. I even heard people at the next table getting a big explanation about how blah blah blah the each additional dipping sauce...that kind of stuff doesn't make a great dining experience.I am pretty sure I will try this place again, but I am going to give it a few months and let them work the kinks out.
5	Love the place.old oregenos location. Get the hot pretzel with assortment of mustards. Lots of good german beers on draft. funny mini bus outside. place will be packed come spring training.
5	Sooo...Brat Haus was pretty amazing for me.The beer selection was absolutely amazing. Was it pricey? Yes. I was there on a Monday night around 9 pm. They had two of my three all-time favorite beers--Bell's Two-Hearted Ale on tap and Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA. The beer trifecta would have been completed if they had Bell's Hopslam, but that is my fault for not showing up at the right season.Sure. When the DFH 120 Minute IPA is $15/bottle, it's not cheap, but, again, it's not your mom's Black Label. The Bell's Two-Hearted Ale on tap has a wonderful aroma, and the DFH 120 had a raisin-y nose without being too malty or alcoholic. How can something at almost 20% ABV be so, to use a BSG term, fracking awesome?The service was amazing. Both the server and bartender, at almost closing were extremely attentive, providing me with both drinks and water. Once closing time hit, I never felt the pressure to GTFO. They were great about it. A quality you don't usually encounter in bars nowadays.As for the food? It was pretty good. But, dear readers, my main goal for that night was to try and find a venue serving Bell's. DFH was a lucky afterthought. That being said, it's got an interesting menu. It would be a shame not to try something off of it.Given the excellent beer menu, I will definitely be back. if you like craft beer, you will love this place!
4	Happy hour turned into dinner .... the beer selection was great, but the brats and pretzels were even better! This is such an original venue/menu  and worth the "trek" down to old Scottsdale. Service for our big table was great - and, again, we were blown away by the delicious and authentic "German" food. My biggest complaint was the tiny indoor seating area - with our large party, the place was packed. The misted "beer garden" outside was very appealing, but just not inviting in the 110 degree heat (really, whattayah gonna do) -should be awesome once things cool down! This will definitely become a new favorite!
4	We tried Brat Haus at the invitation of German friends of ours.  I like a good brat and cannot remember the last time I had brats and beer.  After a summer of healthy eating I was ready to indulge a bit.We sat on the patio in the August afternoon and were quite comfortable under the industrial strength misting system.  The tables are much like the common tables one would find in a beer garden and in this kind of setting it works well.  I can imagine making a few new friends for the evening once the weather cools off and the crowds return to outdoor. Seating.Looking over the menu it was readily apparent that there was something special going on at Brat Haus.  The menu hints at artisan sausage makers pursuing their dream.  It is not likely that brats ever catches on as a category killer food segment, so it is nice that this spot is so focused on bringing something different to the party.  Add a nice selection of german and belgian beers, and crisp Belgian fries and the menu would be complete.  Brat Haus goes a bit further adding a couple of salads, burgers and a pulled pork sandwich.We ordered - everyone tried something different, which was nice since there are about 15 different sausage options.  I got the spicy brat.  Others tried the sweet brat, a lamb sausage, regular brat, salad and a burger.Everyone was very pleased with their choice.  I opted for sauerkraut on my spicy brat.  Nicely done on the kraut.  Not the sour vinegar slop from a jar found in many US grocery stores.  This kraut must be made on site because it was mild and fresh.  Tasty combo with the quite spicy brat.  The only drawback was a so-so bun.  Note to management: cut a deal with the German bakery on Indian School around 20th street or so to supply broedchen (German rolls - crusty outside chewy inside) and you will have not only the best brat in, well just about anywhere, but will have an unparalleled destination for anyone who craves something near their best experiences in central Europe.Final note.  Our waiter was great.  I doubt this was just the luck of the draw because everyone working looked happy and engaged.  It reminded me of Oregano's,which happened to be housed in this spot on Scottsdale Road until moving a bit south.Based on the apparent quality of ingredients, artisanal attention to details, unique offerings as wells as standby favorites, attentive and friendly service and beer selection I heartily give 4 stars,  upgrade the bun and I would cheerily upgrade to 5 stars.Now if we could just get that Fall chill in the air to go with beers and Brats!
4	Welcome to Old Town, Brat Haus. Stay as long as you like! I am so happy that Payton Curry decided to bring his new concept to Old Town. We need more "out of the scene" spots like this! This restaurant/bar is casual, cool and nothing like many of the "sceney" spots that surround it in Old Town. Here, it's all about unique craft brews and one-of-a-kind brats. I like beer, but sadly I don't know my beers like I should. Brat Haus houses a selection of top notch beers from all around and for those who lack beer knowledge like me, they have a menu that describes each of the beers and even describes what the different types of beers mean. Now, if you are a beer snob or wish you could be one, this will be your brewski haven because you'll enjoy some delicious options. The food here has a simple concept but there's nothing simple about the thought that goes into these culinary delights. The main entree items are brats and you can enjoy classic ones like a beer brat or spicy brat, but they also have creative options like Thai Chicken brats, Spanish Pork Chorizo, Vegan Grain Sausage and even Rattlensake! I also noticed some tasty looking burgers and some yummy salad options like a Spinach salad with bacon croutons and a Chopped Wedge Salad with Bleu Cheese Bacon dressing. For the meal, we started with the homemade pretzels and sharp cheddar cheese fondue. The pretzel was like nothing I've ever had and I could tell it was definitely not your Costco pretzel. It was soft, salty and perfect when dipped in the fondue or the homemade mustard. Since this was my first time here, I decided to order a classic brat so I went with the beer brat. We got the large order of Belgium fries for the table to go with our brats. After biting into my brat, I realized that I've never had a brat like this anywhere. They were brats with a foodie-twist and definitely in a good way. I don't know what type of beer they used in the brat but it gave it a unique flavor. I ordered root beer onions and spicy peppers for my toppings. Tasty!! The Belgium fries were salty, crunchy and just what the doctor ordered. I enjoyed the variety of condiments, including curry ketchup! Everything here is a simple concept but with a culinary and unique twist. Even the pickles weren't your average "from a jar pickle." They were round! This is definitely being added to my list of Old Town favorites and I can't wait to come back and visit, especially when the whether cools down and we can utilize they spacious patio!
4	Pro:  quality food, nice ambiance, good service and attitudes, decent value.  Con: parking is brutal.   some of the beers are a little spendy.  Pound for pound this place is tough to beat.  Better for 3-4 couples.  Simple and casual with a nice touch of uptown class.  Attentive service.  Lamb sausage and pretzels + cheese dip, really good.   Good selection of sausages.  Upbeat servers add to the positive vibe of the place.   I can see this as a viable mini chain in phx.  Right product at the right time.
5	Great food, awesome and friendly staff! New favorite place in Old Town! Try their "Pig Mac" Burger! Very tasty!!
5	I had been excited to try Brat Haus and it didn't disappoint when my husband and I dropped in last night.We sat at the bar in the Bru Haus and chatted with the bartender a bit. Their beer selection was amazing: craft brews - most of them on draft but some options in a can as well. They carried some of our favorites: Dogfish Head 90-minute IPA, Bells Two-Hearted, Dale's Pale Ale.  If I remember correctly, prices ranged from $5-8...not terrible and plenty of them were priced at the lower end of the range.They have a very short list of house cocktails (4 or 5) for the non-beer drinkers but I thought they sounded delicious and for a moment I was tempted to order a cocktail instead.I ordered the Thai Brat with apricot onion chutney. I had been warned that it would be spicy since it contained sriracha but I like some heat so I ordered it anyway. The mix of sweet and spicy was nice, but I will admit that 3/4 of my way through it I had to hand the rest over to my husband -- too spicy. It was almost so spicy that I feared I was missing out on some really good flavors going on in there, but I still enjoyed it. He ordered the Spicy Brat with sauerkraut. The brat was not as spicy as the Thai brat but it was delicious. The bar was lined with ketchup, mustard, curry ketchup, honey mustard, whole grain mustard, and dijon mustard. My husband was happy because he used curry ketchup at home. I like regular ketchup so much that I normally don't use it but it was a nice addition to the Thai Brat.Fries? A-MAZING! A small order was plenty to split but I could've eaten a large just because it's so hard to stop eating them. You are given a choice of about 8 dipping sauces. We had the bacon bleu-cheese, but all of the options sounded great so it was a tough choice.We splurged and got dessert. We typically skip this last course, but I had to try the butterscotch root beer float. LOVED IT! Made with vanilla ice cream and Dang's Butterscotch Root Beer, very clever. The service was great, the food was outstanding. There is something for everyone here. Can't wait to go back!
4	If you are looking for the best craft beer bar in Old Town (if not one of the best in the valley) Brat Haus is your spot. I thought it was so good that I went two nights in a row!Attention Bells Two Hearted lovers...they have it...on tap! Not only that they have some of my favorites including a spread of Lagunitas, Stone and Dogfish Head. On my first visit, we were not messing around and ordered the delicious Dogfish Head 120 minute IPA. Be warned that it's a $15 bottle, which only seems expensive unless you have had it served to you somewhere else (Taste of Tops charges ~$20 when they have it in stock). We split the pretzels and fundido to start. The pretzels are delicious and are a great  filler/base when tackling the beer menu. The fundido was good and I'd like to try it with sausage/exotic meat. I had the guest Sicilian sausage with peppers which was back-East-style delicious! The next evening we stopped in for apps, and I repeated the pretzel and fundido order and stuck with the Two Hearted all the way. I can't wait for it to cool down a little bit so we can enjoy the expansive outdoor area. I also predict that this will be one of "the" destinations after spring training games. Well done Payton and I look forward to visiting again soon!
4	Enjoyed a team lunch here yesterday.  Several of us ordered the Brat Burger, which was excellent.  The fries were crispy, which is how I like them.  They have several sauces for you to enjoy with your fries and I'd recommend their Hush Hush and Sriracha Aioli sauces.  They comped a slice of their Drunken Date Cake to us and that was awesome!!!  Service was good and seating was difficult, but we opted to sit "community style" at a large table amongst other patrons.  Had fun meeting new people.  Will have to try a brat the next time.
4	Ate here last night and was very impressed with the set up. Beer selection was excellent (liked that they use the proper glasses for each tap selection). Food was above average. Pretzels were well done and my sweet brat came with a tasty chutny sauce on top. The roll had a fresh, soft consistency to it. That's not easy to do in AZ thanks to our hard water. And it really feels like an old German beer hall. The decor inside was appropriately done. I'm looking forward to cooler days where we can sit outside in the biergarten.My only beef is that a lot of items are overpriced. I understand it's located in the midst of Scottsdale. And they make the effort to offer freshly made items on site (as far as I could tell). But I used to frequent several of these types of restaurants in other cities and they were not this expensive. The brat wasn't so mind-blowing that I'd step it up and order a specialty one that's $8+. If they were bigger, maybe. A lot of the beers are a buck or two higher than they should be as well. Especially the Belgians. Compared to other places.I hope the Brat Haus is here to stay. I'll recommend it to everyone. It's not your typical Scottsdale eatery which is a good thing.
5	There's so much right about this place, I'm not sure where to begin! The beer selection is AMAZING, and the bartender let me sample a few (on tap, of course) before I made my selection. I am a fan of wheat beers, but there's a certain flavor I've never been able to tolerate in about half I've had. When I explained this to the bartender after my first sample, she knew exactly what I was talking about, and told me it's the type of the yeast used. She then gave me a sample of one that didn't have that particular flavor. I love it when someone not only listens, but engages on the topic with knowledge!Since we were sitting at the bar, our bartender was also our server. She recommended the Chicken Thai sausage with the apricot chutney (after hearing me say I wanted something spicy), and was once again steered in the right direction. It was incredible. We also ordered some of the Belgian fries with the bleu cheese and bacon sauce, also just beyond... Then, for the piece de resistance, we split a piece of the  Drunken Date Cake. I'm not even that big a fan of sweet food, but this cake... takes the cake. Some customers came in when the kitchen was about to close, but were not turned away. The manager even told them he would fire up the grill and cook the order up himself if the kitchen were indeed closed. Talk about great customer service!The music being played is great, the atmosphere is comfortable and completely unpretentious, the service is excellent, the food perfection... seriously, what more good stuff can I say? I will not only be returning, but I will also be recommending this place to everyone I know!
4	Took my son and one of his friends for a celebration of his back to school status.  He really enjoyed the braut, and I gotta tell you, we (the adults) did too.  Good food, attentive service.  Clearly though given the number of tables Braut Haus is a bar, not a full on restaurant, or perhaps it is just a different kind of place.  In any event, really really good food.  Absolutely worth the drive and we had a great time!
5	I grew up feeling sorry for Yosemite Sam and Elmer Fudd. All that effort to catch and eat a rabbit, all for nothing. When I got the chance to eat a rabbit bratwurst, I took it. And it was for Sam and Elmer. They probably didn't imagine their rabbit coming with sweet-onion relish, curry catsup or anything called an "ailoli." Their loss.My wife's lamb brat was just as good as my bunny (I hadn't eaten rabbit since I was something like 5 years old). And we had nary a quibble with the date cake for dessert. It was kind of like an Australian sticky-date pudding, and ranks as one of my favorite non-chocolate-based desserts. I have nothing bad to say about the beer selection, either. Service? Enthusiastic, opinionated, fast. I love getting a server's honest opinion on their favorites and their suggestions (particularly good for deciding which topping to pair with your rattlesnake/duck/vegetarian bratwurst).
5	Great selection of beer, a simple menu with options out of the ordinary, and excellent service.  Can't recommend this place enough.
5	Since I can't give half stars, I'm giving my review the benefit of the doubt with 5 stars instead of the 4.5 stars I want to give. I went here today with family for my dad's birthday. For a sunday afternoon, it was kinda slow but the ambience inside was pretty cool. We were seated at the large table, which could seat about 15, even though there were only 5 of us. There were a lot of beer choices and I decided to order the raspberry beer, which is amazing! The size of the glass was pretty small for $8 but still a great beer!We ordered the pretzel appetizer and loved them! The pretzels were huge and the dipping sauces were great! I We also ordered the Belgian fries with sirracha and ranch for dipping. There are other dipping sauce options but those were the ones we chose. In the middle of our table, there were bottles of ketchup, mustard and other arranged sauces. Fries were good, nice they left the skin on them! My mom and sister ordered the field greens salad as well and I was able to taste it. I personally didn't like the dressing (too bitter) but my mom and sister liked it. The greens, veggies and toppings in the salad were good just not the dressing.For lunch, I ordered the turkey sausage with apple & sage. I chose the apricot and onion chutney as my topping. I loved the chutney and was also able to try my mom's root beer onions, which were good. The sausage was tasty, just not a fan of the pieces of mustard seeds I got throughout the brat. The bread was really delicious, nice crust on the outside and soft on the inside. I didn't feel like it was too big for the brat, which has been a critique I've noticed in other reviews.For dessert, they brought out the drunken cake. It was a generous portion of cake and it tasted good. We also ordered the soft serve ice cream and the butterscotch root beer float. I was pretty disappointed with the "soft serve" because they didn't have chocolate ice cream and the ice cream wasn't soft serve. The texture was off but still tasted fine. Not worth the $3.50 though! The float was also a big hit as well!Overall, I would come back and try a different sausage and a different beer. Prices are a tad high but for Scottsdale, that's really not unusual. Everyone in my party enjoyed the food too!
4	Cool place, decent food. I like the funky soda selection.
4	Unique and fun new place in Scottsdale! Took the whole family recently and there was something for everyone! There are actually 2 separate buildings to Brat Haus. One side is clearly "the bar" and the other side is more geared toward those (like us) who come with kids! There was an outstanding selection of beers from all shapes, sizes, and thicknesses. There was also an outstanding selection of uniquely flavored soda pops for the kids too! We enjoyed pretzels fundido and the Belgian fries for appetizer. Although the pretzels were a bit overdone and fundido was a bit blah, the Belgian fries were DELISH and plentiful. The dipping sauces were excellent and more than made up for the lack-luster pretzel appetizer.I enjoyed the Spicy Brat with the Apricot chutney and it was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy. My son and his friend enjoyed standard beer brats with mustard and saurkraut. They LOVED them. My husband enjoyed the specialty pork brat and was very pleased with it as well. I'm looking forward to going back for a grown-ups night out there soon as I'm sure it's way more fun for the adults though I am happy that it was kid-friendly as well! Well worth the 40 minute drive from our house and looking forward to going back soon!
5	What a cool concept: quality brats and great beer all around!Paid my visit for a weekday lunch, so it wasn't very crowded. The beer brat sandwich I had was fantastic (great hoagie!). I added some sauerkrat and sweet peppers to it to give it a little umph, and it was great. The Belgium fries were also a pleasant surprise as well. I didn't order a beer but I was excited to see all of the types of beer they had on tap.....next time! Our server was on the ball and amazing. What else can I say......except I want to go back!
5	I lumped Payton Curry in the same category as some of the other notable chefs who open and closes restaurant every 3 months. Even hearing how he supposedly stole the logo from the bike shop down the street fueled my displeasure. As someone who is in the industry, I was hating on the game which is an unwritten rule of the industry. So I hated Brat Haus before it even opened.This past Thursday I was able to leave work early and meet my wife for dinner in Scottsdale. We decided to check out Brat Haus. I'm just going to talk about the food because that is what impacted me the most. Now, that damn Pig Mac has to be the single greatest creation in Arizona Culinary history. It was meaty, moist, flavorful and downright grubtastic. I literally have been thinking about when will I have the next chance to have the Pig Mac. The fries were killer with crispy tips that crunch like chips. The Thai sausage had great flavor but in my opinion could have been spicier but I love spicy foods. The unfiltered Hefe they have on tap was awesome. Everything was top notched from the seating in the bar to the sesame seeded burger buns.In Summary, I have to eat dry chicken (crow). I was absolutely wrong about Payton Curry and his food. This chef can throw down. I will be back to partake in the heavenly creation of the Pig Mac. All hail the Pig Mac.Chef, if you see some variation of the pig mac on my menu please don't sue me...LOL
2	A disappointment we were really hoping for German brats, not the usual brat you can get anywhere. Had the beer brat which had more spices then actual meat. Pretzels are good though!
5	Went to the Brat Haus with my family (all adults) and loved it! My favorite were the fresh, right out of the oven pretzels for sure however the brat I ordered was delicious, especially with the root beer onions on top. My daughter had the apricot onion chutney on top of her brat and that was excellent too. The fries were great and we all tried different drinks (beers and yummy concoctions that were fun). The service was great too. It is tricky to get a parking spot but I lucked out and parked on the street right in front of the place....that earned this place five stars in my book. I will be back.
5	As a German born girl, I give this place huge props for making amazing sausages! The pretzels with homemade cheese sauce was fantastic... Not like gross goopy nasty cheese product... The French fries so good and the dipping sauces, especially the truffle aioli was to die for. Even if you usually don't like sauerkraut, this is really homemade like my grandmother's! The fact that the sausages come on baguette just like in Europe, is a great touch. The many beers on tap rock! And for dessert... Oh where do I start? The date cake, even though I don't like dates, was fantastic!!! And then then NUTELLA shake.... Oh good lord, amazing!!! The Butterscotch root beer float was so good it has changed my world!!! Looking forward to the weather getting better so we can sit out on their big patio. ....and to all the people that didn't like this place... And no offense, You don't know what you are talking about!
4	I love the Brat Haus.  Great atmosphere...food good...drinks great.  Judi has been our bartender each time my husband and I visit.  She is friendly and outgoing...always has a smile on her face.  She is great with suggestions that we always take.  I will definitely return!
3	I'm not a fan of beer but I do like a good beer brat - go figure. Considering there is not another brat place in town (that I know of anyway) the boyfriend and I were happy to find out about Brat Haus. On a Saturday night we took a seat on the Brat Haus patio. the seating is a little weird. There are a few long group tables, a few individual tables and then a lot of empty space. It wasn't super busy which made the empty space seem even more, well, empty. Kinda weird.We each ordered a traditional beer brat with root beer onions and an order of pretzels to share. The pretzels came out first. Man, those are some girthy pretzels. Not sure if they are whole wheat but they are much heartier that what you get at Auntie Anne's that's for sure. They came with 3 types of mustard and a beer cheese sauce. The cheese sauce was just okay. It was kinda thin and a little bland. The waitress did ask our opinion though and we told her what we thought. It was nice to know they are open to improvements and want customer feedback.Next up were the brats. They are huge! After the filing pretzels we could have easily shared one brat. The bun was more like french bread, which made for a little too much bread around the meat. But i will say I'm not a big fan of onions and I really like the root beer onions. It was a very nice complement to the brat. The brat itself was good, not amazing but good. It also came with a few pickled green beans which were a surprising nice flavor combination with the meat. Overall the staff was very nice, the food was decent and in the winter I think it'll be a great place to hang out outside. If you like beer and brats it's worth stopping by.
3	A bunch of us went to Brat Haus for my buddy's birthday as what better way to ring in your special day than with brats and cold beer with friends??? We decided to sit outside in their "beer garden", so I can't really speak to the decor of the place. The patio area is a nice size with several very large picnic-style tables. Not exactly wow factor, but then again we're talking about bratwurst, not Beluga...  It wasn't crowded, so we had our choice of where to sit. It looks like there is an outdoor bar, too, but it wasn't open that night. The beer list gets an 'A' from me. It's pretty much all craft beers and they have plenty on tap and in bottles. Nice variety of styles and regions represented. The prices seemed reasonable for many of the selections (I went with a domestic pilsner that was $5/pint). However, some of the beer options can get spendy, but I like that they offer something for everyone. If you want wine, well, go find another restaurant. Who drinks wine with brats anyway?? Which brings us to the food... Some items were very good, others were just so-so. Sadly the so-so food happened to be the main attraction on the menu. I tried the beer brat, the kosher beef dog, and the chicken sausage with roasted chiles. Of the three, the brat was the best, but that's just winner by default because the other two were so average. The seasonings were solid, but they all seemed dry. And all the toppings on the menu really don't matter much when the meat underneath is dry.  However, the Belgian fries were great. Crispy, but not burnt, with just the right amount of salt. The dipping sauces I tried were all good, save for the 'Hush Hush Sauce'. Skip that unless you like incredibly average 1000 Island Dressing. I'd go with the bleu cheese & bacon sauce, the sriracha aioli, or the white truffle aioli (it's pretty mild). Another food winner were the pretzels. Two very large, hearth-baked soft pretzels with a three cheese dipping sauce. Plenty to share (or you can just choose to keep all that warm pretzel goodness to yourself). They also have stone ground mustard which was excellent with these. As for the service, it was great. We had two servers attending to us and they were never away for long. They offered solid advice on the beer list (i.e. beer sommeliers) and also gave some honest opinions on the food. Was the experience OK overall? Yes it was, but I can't really give them higher than 3 stars due to the fact they are the 'BRAT Haus' and I felt the brats & sausages were really just average. If I could rate them on other items alone, then they'd get 4 stars from me. Will I be back? Yeah, probably, but I'll order the pretzels and a beer. Hey, sometimes it's the simple things... The East Valley Foodie
3	Only reason Brat Haus didn't get 4 stars is simply that beer and brats is not really my cup of tea. However, the atmosphere was great! Really intimate, small setting...dark wood, old world charm, which is only made better with an incredibly friendly staff. Started out with the fresh made pretzel, which was wonderful (very pleased with the 6 condiment options that are brought with it). I ordered the Moroccan Lamb sausage with Apricot Onion Chutney topping. The sausage was spicier than I had expected, but good flavor. The French roll it was served on was fine, however, the bread to meat ratio highly favored the bread, which was a little disappointing. The Belgian Fries were delicious. I ordered the Truffle Aioli dip to accompany them, however, it tasted pretty much like mayonnaise. I preferred to use the table side Curry Ketchup instead...that was sweet and delicious!
3	I had high hopes for this place and hope they work the kinks out, knowing they have only been open for a couple months.Atmosphere is excellent, especially sitting in the beer garden, a great place to hang and throw a few back.The food, however, was disappointing as the Brats were good, but not great. I can head to the Pork Shop or Spouts and get a brat just as good, if not better. The meat to bread ratio is off and the specialty brats did not stand out. The highlight here were the fries. They were by far the standout of our meal.
4	Really liked this place a lot. I stopped in here with a friend while roaming around Old Town Scottsdale and having dinner at RnR. I wish I'd come here and skipped RnR! This place has friendly bartenders, a great beer list (with some really good Belgians on tap!), and really yummy Belgian fries with some of the best sauces you will ever have. My boyfriend enjoyed the 32 oz boot that you can order a beer in. We will definitely be back for more!
4	This place is great!  The space is amazing...separate dining room, bar and huge outdoor beer garden/patio.  Looks like a great place to spend a Saturday or Sunday drinking beer and watching football!  The service was quick and friendly and the food was good...other than the pretzel - too dry and overcooked.  The sweet brat with sauerkraut was really tasty and they make their own mustard in - house = yummy!  The beer selection is pretty extensive too...pretty much something for everyone!
4	I went back to Brat Haus today for their Oktoberfest celebration. The place was packed, and it was great to see a local restaurant be doing so well after opening fairly recently. I was pleased to see some improvements to the food--it seems like the brats fill up most of the bun now compared to what I've seen in the past, and I also think it was a great idea to convert the vegan brat to a burger, since the mashed consistency lends itself better to a burger than a brat. The music was also slightly better than the last time I went--there was nothing that made me do a double take too badly other than some bad, Nickelback-y type of rock.The service was a little slow but forgiveable considering the crowd. I'd love to go back again soon!
3	Fun place but have to say the brats were pretty dry and somewhat over cooked. Great sauces and delicious Belgian fries. I was a bit dissapointed in my $10 glassof Reisling as it was barely one quarter of the glass, a very chintzy pour. Service was average.
4	I definitely enjoyed the brat I got. Quality tasty ingredients from the bun, through the mustard they had there. Very nice. The pretzel I ordered was a little dry, but I appreciated the artisan quality it had - not your usual SuperPretzel hanging from a metal rod above a light bulb.As another person mentioned, the food isn't your traditional German style. They're pulling inspiration from German fare, but creatively altering it to make it an enjoyable culinary experience.If this place lowered it's beer prices a little (wink wink), it'd steal a lot of traffic from Tempe, me thinks. :)I think this place is the choice for a date if you both want to drink beer with dinner. You also have Scottsdale to play around in afterward.
4	I'm always up for a Bratwurst and a beer, and since I was in the area, thought I would give this place a try.  I'm glad I did. I had coincidentally entered the bar, rather than the dining area; the bar, was of course, was where I wanted to be, so I was good!! It happened to be in the mid-afternoon, and it was very quiet - in fact, I was the only one there.  So I had a chance to talk with the bartender, take my time looking at the different types of beer, and getting recommendations not just on beer, but also on the food,It was obvious that the bartender loved talking about the beer.  He had full knowledge of the many different types they had, and made several recommendations. I tried two of them, and they were great.My main reason for stopping was for a bratwurst.  He made several suggestions on the food, and I finally tried the Beer Bratwurst, with the Rootbeer Onions, Sauerkraut, Spicy Peppers, and Relish toppings. It was delicious. The bun was rather large and dry - but it was just right with all the toppings and the condiments I added.Great place - the service was very good, the bartender very helpful, the food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable. A great addition to Old Town!!
1	Worst Brat I have ever had(dry, overcooked, bland).  Everyone's food was cold and we waited an hour for our food and it was not even busy!  The group sharing the table with us also said that it was the worst service and food that they have had in a long time.  Too bad.  I was hoping for a great place.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!The concept of this place is awesome, and so is the food! I think once the weather cools off it will become a regular place we stop by on nights out. First of all I thought that the two restaurants side by side and the back area with tables/chairs and decor was a cool concept. Also the prices were very reasonable, and the service was good too, seemed like a happy staff that wanted you to enjoy your time. We went on the launch of Oktoberfest and it was great... maybe because I love seeing guys dressed up in liederhosen, or maybe because the two man german band was so cool. Very traditional & they made us dance! Here's the scoop on food + drink: + San Tan Beers+ Waffle Fries + Beet Salad+ Spicy Brat+ Apple Strudel We left happy and I got a picture next to the awesome Brat Haus van parked outside (coming soon, I'll add it to the photos). We did eat outside even though it hadn't quite cooled off yet, but when I went inside it looked pretty awesome so we'll have to check that out next time. I'll definitely be back.
3	Sorry Brat Haus, but I am not a fan.1) Seating is primarily outdoors- great, except we live in Phoenix. Not sustainable.2) Nothing special about the food here. Maybe I am just spoiled and used to a much more exotic selection of dogs, but even removing my prejudice.. These aren't that great.3) Beer selection is decent. Nothing to write home. Overall, I just think Brat Haus is missing that certain something.. Hopefully with time, they will improve.
4	Do you love beer in all its intricacies?Are you a man in need of some bro-to-bro time?Do you wish Oktoberfest could be a year round celebration?If you answered yes to the above, then today is your lucky day son! BRAT HAUS is a bro time + beer time experience which equals a MAN CAVE MECCA!  I came here with a few Yelp co-workers for a Beer 101 class to learn all about this alcoholic beverage fermented using the sugars from cereal grain. (That little nugget is straight from my handout yessireeee!) You could tell our host was passionate about beer and spoke about it as such. The men in our group were mesmerized. As he discussed the brewing process I wished that my boyfriend was with us because this is something HE'D find fascinating. Like sports and cars, I like beer, I like to consume it, but I don't have an innate need to study it. It would be like talking to a straight man about the intricacies of womens shoes and why a platform shoe helps to elongate the length of  womans leg yet the added height helps to create comfort when walking. If you're a man, I lost you at the word "platform." But despite the waning of my overall attention I did appreciate our teacher's passion and depth of knowledge. More so I appreciated the three different kinds of beer we sampled and the GIGANTIC bavarian pretzels with dipping cheese. They were lovely and I wanted to tie one around my neck with a string for a snack. We sat inside during our class but I would have loved the outside patio as well. It's got loads of picnic tables with colorful triangle flags strewn through the air. One last thing I must mention is that the restaurant is very well maintained and immaculately clean. Big props to Payton Curry for being a smooooth operator! (Fist bump)31 Yelps Review Challenge: #2/31
4	Been to Brat Haus at least four times now and each time there is something new to love.first time -- sat in the Bru Haus with friends and tried some beers we had never had, the fresh-baked, the tasty Belgian fries and a myriad of sausages. we topped off the evening with the crazy insanely delicious date cake.second time -- brought the teen daughter, who adored the pretzel, loved the brat with the root beer onions and mustard, and stole the entire pretzel. third time -- stopped by after an unexciting dinner elsewhere we stopped off for pretzels with the ooey gooey fundido and that crazy date cake with caramel sauce. (did i mention that both the cake and caramel have beer in them?)fourth time -- Oktoberfest! Sat on the patio sunday night and had one of their chewy, salty vegan pretzels, made unvegan by ordering cheese sauce with it, a great pork schnitzel that was topped with an incredible lemon/parsley relish, and a huge pile of German dumplings, spaetzle.  We finished with a pretty darned good apple strudel. Oh, and of course, several rounds of good German beer.Prost!
1	Went here for their Octoberfest celebration on a nice cool night and sat on the patio.  Once again was extremely disapointed in the service and the food.  Ordered the schnitzel and it came out say we say extremely well done.  My wife ordered a pretzel as an appetizer and it never arrived.  She was disapointed in the size of her sausage which was mostly bread and had to order another item to fill her up.  Use caution if ordering a bottled beer, crazy high prices on anything Belgian. Cheaper and better options abound around town.
4	Yay!  I love this place!!The decor is not only stylish and unique, but pretty much useful. I love the ammo bins on wheels to sent condiments and napkins to the other members of your party. The rest of the interior design is great also. However, I do wonder if women had any input as the chairs have no backs and there are no purse hooks. Which means, my purse goes on the floor or the table. Either one is not appropriate. However, the food was amazing. And I'm German. I started off with the basics. A pretzel and cheese. Beer brat.  WITH ROOTBEER ONIONS. And beer. And strudel. And I didn't get hungry again until the next morning (and that was lunch). I really appreciated that the food was served on metal trays. It gave a little bit of extra flair. And I give extra points for the way management handled the patrons beside us that started off with a compliment and quickly turned to complaints.The service was a little slow for being lunch on a weekday, and there were no purse hooks. So I'll be back, but will probably only bring my wallet in. Like a guy.
5	We lucked  into this spot, through a magazine article on new places in Scottsdale, and then a little quesioning of locals. We talked the waiter into creating a "sausage sampler" with all nine of their unique, fresh-made sausages. the result was better than we could have ever hoped for.
4	After 3 trips to Brat Haus, I finally feel good about reviewing it.  Here is the breakdown: The Good: 1. Service- Every time we went there it was busy and we received very good service and our servers were knowledgeable about the beer.  Speaking of beer: 2. Beer- Hands down best beer selection in Old Town! They also make a killer Moscow Mule =) 3. Belgiun Fries- Come on, trice fried fries... how can you go wrong! I also love all their sauce options.  4. The atmosphere- Perfect spot in Old Town, especially now that it is cooling down.  I also love the graffiti mural on the wall, the owner said they will be randomly having local artist paint the wall. Great idea! The forgettable: 1. Pretzel - its okay, nothing special, I was expecting it to knock my socks off... they stayed on! 2. Vegan- While I am very grateful of them having a vegan option, it was tasty but very hard to eat because it kept falling apart... they need to work on making a vegan brat! My friends love this place, so we'll be back for sure.  One day I'm going to try their nutella shake... or steal their giant container of Nutella... Mmmmm!
5	Yum! Everyone loves a giant salted pretzel from a street vendor or at the movies, right? Well if you try the pretzels at Brat Haus those crummy frozen treats will be forever ruined for you. And for good reason! Here they're soft, smokin' hot, big enough to share with a friend, and they come with a variety of mustards and dips. Including a curried ketchup!What I loved most here however was that there's no pretension. These guys really know beer, and it's obvious. But it's not thrown in your face and there's no pressure to pretend or act like you know as much as they do if you don't. And if you do know your beers, they're happy to talk shop.I came for a small tasting session and learned more than I could have ever expected. I also got to try a variety of beers and eat those yummy pretzels in the process. And just like the beer list and the menu, the decor is fabulous too. Walking around the place I spotted a massive outdoor patio perfect for larger groups. I'm not from the area but would love to return and pay them another visit if/when I'm back in town. Definitely a top spot in Scottsdale.
5	I debated whether or not to write anything about Brat Haus, because I'm a non-drinker who came for a Beer 101 class (just... don't overthink it) but in the end I gotta give these guys mad props.Before we go any further, let me just say this: pretzels. Big, doughy, salty pretzels that come with several different kinds of mustard. Yessir. Yes, daddy. Yes, Aunt Ida's gimpy dog Dot. Pretzels. I ate my fair share, and several others' as well. Pretzels. And fundido cheese. YES.As drinks go, they've got a massive spread of beer and the fella who taught the class knows more about beer than anyone I've met before. They don't do domestics (no Miller Lite here, kids) just interesting stuff.I should also mention that as a non-drinker these guys totally get mad love from me for the extensive line of old school soda that they had on hand. Mad love. I would have been happy with a Sprite, but I got to order an old red cola. They also have their own sodas - ginger beer, cucumber mint, and a strawberry thyme something or other. Thanks!
3	Quite good! Great beer list and interesting food choices. I didn't think the fries were as good as their reviews and I found the pretzel on the bland side. But the SAUSAGE is what this place is about and it is tasty! I'm not sure I like choosing my own toppings or sauces... I prefer that my dining experiences don't involve a lot of decisions within the dish. I rather like when a chef tells me how they envision the food is best... Ya know?  I digress...Brat Haus and it's owners are very cool. They always seem to be around to talk about the beer with my bf and the boys. They did a good job with the small space at hand and transformed the patio into a really functional area. Service is usually prompt and friendly despite being busy a majority of the time. Keep up the good work and I'll come back and have some more sausage.  ;)
4	How fun!  This was said over and over again on our most recent date night.  It was just that.  Driving around for parking was even fun - if you can imagine.  We wound up parking across the street in a parking lot that I think is used for overflow @ the hospital?  We saw these people bellied up to a moving bar - when we got closer we could see that it was something called Tour de Tavern.  Meet us @ the Brat Haus.  So it's powered by the people (think like a bicycle) and it goes to different bars throughout the night and I guess they wind up @ BH.  What a cute idea.  I will think about getting 15 friends together for this.  Sounds like fun.  Hubby is a big German food fan and I can usually find something to woof down.  This was so cute.  We approached, were seated immediately outside in their cute patio area.  Big picnic benches for community seating.  Tuba and accordion player belting out a little diddy.  Perfect.  We ordered beers and a pretzel with fundido for our appies.  Good.  Really good.  I picked the majority of the salt off of mine - it was just too much.  Cheese dip is thick and satisfying.  Beers were good.  We ordered two sausages each.  I loved mine and when we go back I will opt for no condiments.  I wound up scraping the majority of mine off and just eating it alone.  Which was great.  It was good by itself.  I didn't need two.  One is plenty with everything else we had.  We ordered fries too.  That siricha ketchup is so good.  I will try and make some on  my own.  It was that good.  No room for dessert we were done.  I bought a tee shirt for my sister that my waitress wore.  Speaking of our cute little waitress.  She knew her menu and was attentive without over doing it.  Someone else brought our food out and he managed to stick his finger in my ranch and acted like I didn't see it.  I asked our waitress if she would bring me a new one and she did - no questions asked.  Motto of the review.  HOW FUN!
4	I came here for a group mixer and the staff was amazing.  The bartender (very smart and good looking lady) made it a point to remember every ones name so we wouldn't have to keep telling her what tab to put our next beer on. She also informed me that this place prides itself on their knowledge of the multiple craft beers they have on tap, so she asked what kind of beer I like and pointed me in the right direction.  I tried the San Tan Brewery's Count Hoppula and it was a very dark IPA that wasn't as bitter as a normal IPA, which I like.
3	Alright, so here is my two cents on Brat Haus. I suggest to steer clear of the brats I tried (Beer Brat & Spicy Thai).  I found them a bit dry and bland.  I also found the pretzels less than fabulous. I do suggest to try to big, juicy, tasty, meatballs. Much better choice. The outside patio very cool, an open fresh space with plenty of seating and a big ol' wall of funky art. The service was also friendly, and attentive and fair prices. Overall, it's totally worth checking out if you are in the area and in the mood for something different.
2	If this is the best Phoenix has for German food, stick to Mexican! One word for the food, AWFUL! The Pork Schnitzel we had was deep fried, very greasy, and had a burnt oil taste to it. The Sauerbraten was the driest overcooked piece of meat I ever had! I never saw greasy mashed potatoes before today. As others have posted, even the brats tasted like old dry socks! The concept and setup are great. The beers are good too but don't come for the food! Service is slow and the staff not really trained.
5	This was one of my favorite meals on my 10 day trip to AZ and NM. I'm not really a beer person but loved the huge selection and appropriate glassware. They let us have a taste of a new brew on a slow Fri. afternoon at happy hour. HH got you a good choice of beers for $3 and $4, plus we had a card for a free pretzel and I loved it. No need for the cheese sauce ($3) with all the excellent mustards they serve. And I thought the spicy brat w/ root beer onions was great. Not dry at all, I liked the roll too which lots of people seem to quibble with. Maybe being in the hot sun and having a couple crappy snacks at the State Fair colored my view but I loved Brat Haus. And they served a yummy huckleberry lemonade at the Old Town farmer's market Sat. morning.
4	I had been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally made it over there last Friday.  I was meeting a good friend who is ALWAYS late so I sat down outside and had a beer.  Where can I begin?  Mike and Kevin were great...very attentive and pleasant.  The ambiance is the BOMB, especially since the weather's so nice.  We went to town on brats, belgian fries, and even dessert.  It was all really yummy and definitely an option when going out with friends in the future.  The only thing that would get this place an additional star is putting more fun stuff on the menu!!!
5	Came in with my kids, clean and modern looking location.Large German pub menu selection, with wide and varied beer and soda selection.  We each went for a Brat - Duck, Turkey, Lamb - all were excellent.  Kids loved itThe only ding I would give - SERVICE WAS SLOW.I will be back and would recommend to others!
4	A good selection of beers and friendly wait staff.
1	I cant believe this place is still open. the food was terrible. they do have a great beer selection but that's about it. Not even close to German food. Who ever is pickling the food over there deserves to be shot.
4	I'm glad to see that Chef Payton Curry was able to take his knowledge from working at various establishments around the valley (I fondly remember his time at Caffe Boa) and produce one exceptional eating establishment. I went here on a Friday, with my gang of regulars, who are one picky bunch, and they LOVED this place. The wait person knew her stuff, the service was quick and overall, the food was wonderful. We started out with a pretzel and unlike what I get when I went to to Handlebar Grill, which are more like pretzel rolls, this was a real pretzel, though it seems made with whole wheat instead of white flour but got a big thumbs up from my culinary focus group. Even better, the establishment makes their own sauces and mustards so along with the obligatory beer cheese I had a wonderful whole grain mustard to use as well so it was like being back in Germany!I and another person went for the lamb sausage and it was great! It was a good size and nestled in a chunk of soft  and chewy french bread, and I topped it with more of that wonderful mustard, along with sauerkraut and spicy peppers. The nice thing, the sausage was cooked but not overcooked so it was still juicy and it had a strong lamb flavor. As I noted before, unlike a softer bun the french roll bread held together to the end. Another person at my table had the rabbit sausage and said it was great and the last, the last person was a vegetarian and had the black bean burger and boy, it looked excellent! I would love to try that, once I've made it through all the sausages on the menu!The only thing that stood out as needing work was what was referred to as Belgian fries, which are generally thick cut and twice fried for a crispy outside and creamy interior but these were more like shoe string fries. Chef Payton, work on those fries! if the fries rise to the level of actual Belgian fries I will happily give this place five stars. In this case, the Brat Haus may want to go check out the fries at Handle Bar and Grill, which are closer, from my perspective, to actual Belgian fries.Bottom line, to quote the Terminator, I'll be back and next time, not on a work day so I can check out the beer selection I see so many other people raving about! :-)By the way, if you like the sausages you can buy fresh ones to take home so you can grill your own.
4	Great patio, great food, and great selection of drinks!The brats, the fries were delicious. I also loved the selection of sauces and mustards which are apparently all made right in house.And they have a great selection of bottled soft drinks if you're at lunch or don't feel like drinking. Really want something good, try to the fresh squeezed lemonade... it's tart, but delicious!Brat Haus, you're a great addition to the Valley food scene!
4	Love this place!  Great, homemade brats!  Everything they serve(except for the bread) is made in house which is cool.  They have a great beer selection.  Nice open, patio area out back!
4	What a great addition to this city. A german style beer house with it's own beer garden and a graffiti wall that changes every four months. A great food menu and even better beer selection. I definitely want to get a large group of friends together to go here and have our own little Oktoberfest any time of year. The only downside was the service, the waiter looked like he would rather be anywhere else in the world. He never smiled.
4	Wow, awesome location and who doesn't like brats and beer!  I tried the beer brat with rootbeer sauteed onions. Who knew rootbeer and onions would be a perfect match-Chef Peyton!  The fries were ok, I wasn't a big fan of them but I did like the sauces that came with it.  Great assortment of brews to choose from besides brats.  It's even possible to take the brats home to grill and enjoy.  Love the outside beer garden, this will definitely be one of my hangouts in Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Wife and I were able to stop by, and try a few things. We had their chicken and waffles, they were OK! I kept on saying to my wife, man I have had this before. chicken reminded me of another time!! Finally hour in a half later, it struck me!!! Chicken tasted just like Swanson frozen tv dinner!!! I grew up on that! So you can take that any way you want! You need to eat the pretzels with no salt. Comes with way to much! The pretzels rolls were probably the best dinner rolls I have ever had. Since I was driving, it was a no beer night! Would like to come back and try some brats and beer. Outdoor patio is the best, on cool nights they have a great fire pit! Plenty of room, Until next time and a second visit! Later,
2	My wife and I were very excited about the idea of exotic brats, so we went last month. Over all disapointing. We had the chorizo and Morrocan brats, overpriced at $8 with No Fries, extra $4, very limited menu and no wine offered  for Happy Hour reductions. Not everybody drinks hand crafted beers. I agree with Howard Seftel, stay to the traditional $6 brat. Good luck with the concept of a $10 brat with fries.Not a place i would rush back to!
5	This is a pretty awesome place. Everything I've had has been spot-on and they're really creative with their menu. I've never had a lamb brat before, but it worked! They have lots of interesting toppings to choose from, their pretzels are tasty and their fries are cooked to perfection. The cherry on top is their awesome beer list, and they're served in their specific branded glass!
5	If you want a specialty brat, come here!  They have Rabbit, rattlesnake, and regular brats too!  The staff is welcoming, friendly and passionate about what they serve.  That passion translated into the delicious food the served.The roasted pork was absolutely amazing.  I didn't try the chicken and waffles since my plate was full and I didn't want to take food I wouldn't  be able finish.  I left stuffed full of great food.  The date-cake was mind blowing.  I am not the biggest fan of dates, but this cake completely caught me off guard.They have a very nice outdoor seating area, there was a fire going and a giant sized Jenga. They also have cornhole outside. A great place to go if you want to get out.
3	I was dragged here by my friend, considering the fact that I don't even eat meat, I almost dreaded going but she did say that they had the best shakes so I'm always down for that. So we get there, we have the nicest waiter, Sam, place us inside. The interior is neat. We order shakes and he tells us, there is no ice cream....um ok. So I order lemonade, then he tells us there is no lemonade. UMMM... Ya. I ended up getting a cream soda and a pretzel and the Belgian fries with Sriacha. Delicious!! I will probably come back because I am still curious about these shakes :)
4	Unfortunately, we did not eat here. it was the starting point of a bike pub ride but we did get a chance to check the place out. as the name mentions, it is a sausage fest. the beer menu looks really well-rounded. i just liked the decor. it occupy's the old Old Town Scottsdale Oreganos but they added their own touch. that tiny parking lot has been converted to a seating area and it feels like a little hideaway right in the middle of scottsdale. there was a fire pit and lots of people mingling and drinking. we would like to check the place out again for some beers and pretzels (which smelled amazing!).
5	Not your normal brat.... exotic meats and awesome beer selection!  Good vibe!
4	What a nice treat.  We had the spicy brat - loved it and beer brat - really good.  Also tried the fries (soggy) not impressed. And the german potato salad - loved it.  I'm not a beer drinker but, did have one to go with my brat - such a huge selection.  Service was exellent.   We ar looking forward to trying more.
4	Great food. You have to get the pig Mac. The waiter you have to ask for is Mike he was personable and refreshing person to talk to. A little pricey over $50.00 for to Pig mac's, large fries 4 beers
2	Very disappointed, Bland, nothing special, would not return.  Our family of foodies recently had dinner here, we were excited upon arrival but that quickly turned to disappointment with each course.  We started with 2 orders of the pretzels with 4 dipping sauces, followed by 6 different entrees.  The food was average, nothing to go back for.  Could make a better beer brat in my kitchen with Johnsonville Brats, beer and onions boiling on the stove, then browned over the grill.Wine and beer selection was good.Employees were friendly.Too many other restaurants in town to waste a night at the Brat Haus again.
1	Good beer. Bad facsimile of German food
5	Great beer choices!  Think i counted 20 something on tap. The beers are strong and unique enough the they put the % of alcohol next to each on the menu. Cozy on the inside with lots of seating on the outside.  Great service. If u are looking to try a purple/few exotic, strong beers...this place is perfect.  If ur looking for good prices on pitchers of beer, this probably ISN'T your spot.
3	The bun doesn't do it for, to much bread to taste the brat. Large selection of tasty beers
4	Very cool atmosphere, and the food is cheap and good! I like how unique it is. The sauces are great and the toppings on the brats. Fun place! Will return!
5	Great beer selection, warm atmosphere, ping pong, giant jenga, Odell, New Belgium, beer garden,and more! What else could you want in a bar? I studied abroad and had the chance to go to a couple German restaurants that had beer gardens, and this restaurant definitely brought back those memories. It's a close second to the real thing.
4	I've been here twice so far.  Both times just for drinks and appetizers.  The Belgian fries were good and crispy with a vast selection of tasty dipping sauces, and the same goes for the pretzels.  They also have a great selection of beers from Germany on tap, but the first time we went they were out of probably a fourth of them. Watch out if they are out!  Nonetheless, it is a great stop for an afternoon or late night bite!
5	This place is incredible.  Really great service, delicious food and drinks, and the manager even came by to thank us for coming in.  The fries were amazing, the chicken and waffles was amazing, the beers were amazing, the pretzels were amazing ... the only thing that wasn't so amazing was the check at the end of the night, but I'd say it was worth every penny.
1	I'm surprised with the high reviews for this place. Although our server was nice and my sweet brat was decent, it took far too long to get our food. My boyfriend also got food poisoned from their spicy brat. My iced tea tasted like water, and the water I got tasted like dishwater detergent. One star for the Belgian fries, which were excellent. Won't be returning and I don't recommend this establishment. There are far better places to eat at.
3	I really liked the sauerbraten, but the rest of my family wasn't so impressed. Mind you, we're from Chicago. The schnitzel was a little dry (needs a little gravy), the jaeger stew was too vinegary, and the brat burger had lots of herbs but no spice. However, the chicken and waffle (especially the Belgian waffle) was awesome, and the pretzels rule. Try all the mustards, too... I never had whole grain mustard, and I want more!
5	Went here at 7pm on a Saturday and I honestly have no complaints. You can see from my other reviews that I'm very picky about my 5-star ratings and I couldn't come up with one reason to ding a star after our experience here. This is probably the least pretentious and upscale place that I've ever given a 5-rating to.We came back here with friends after hubby and I had a great time at the Yelp Elite event here a few months back. The actual location is two separate buildings plus abundant outdoor seating with misters and heat lamps. There was a bar area that we didn't go into, and a small cafe-type area which is where we sat. Since we were a party of 6 they sat us at the big central table, where we were elbow to elbow with other diners already there. We ordered a ton of food, beer and other drinks and it was all excellent. Our server was at the top of his game as well.Whatever else you eat here, DO NOT miss the pretzels with beer cheese dip. I'm serious. When you think you want Bavarian style pretzels this is what you have in mind. The waiter told us that they actually do use a lye solution here, which is the traditional way of getting the dark crust on them. Most places use baking soda which is close but not quite right. And the beer cheese dip was awesome enough to just eat with a spoon.Same goes for the french fries with dips. We demolished two large orders and all 4 of the dips we tried were awesome. The real heart of the menu is the brats though. Next time we go here (and there will be a next time), I'll order that instead of the burger. I was happy with my burger (and if relish always tasted like that I'd eat more relish), but my friend's brat looked awesome enough that I regretted not getting one.The beer menu was extensive and everyone at my table seemed happy with what they ordered. I had a "grown up" Nutella milkshake which was every bit as delicious as you'd expect from the name. I'm not sure what kind of alcohol was in it- maybe spiced rum, but it was perfect with the Nutella.
5	I had a great first experience at the Brat Haus! Danielle our server was extremely knowledgeable and attentive. We had the scrumptious pretzels, with a side beer brat, a spicy brat, Belgian fries,, and the haus favorite burger. EVERYTHING had sooo much flavor we couldn't stop commenting on it. I will absolutely be returning to the Brat Haus!
5	I am not big on German food, generally speaking. But this place is outstanding.Their beer selection is fantastic and their bratwurst and burgers are very very good. Great place to go if you enjoy mustard.But, what stole my heart is their pretzels. Let me be perfectly clear: Brat Haus serves the best Pretzels I have ever had in my entire life. I will go out of my way to come back, just to have their Pretzels. They are perfectly authentic in every day, even down to the preparation with real lye. (Something most places are afraid to do) and the rock salt they are sprinkled with. I am frothing at the mouth just thinking about it. Words cannot describe.I'd like to give this place 4 stars due to the cramped quarters and inadequate number of restrooms, (it is a little pricey too) but really I just don't have the heart to. The food and service were too good. So 5 it is.
3	I would like to give this place 3 1/2 stars if possible so yelp please work on that. I'm not a regular here and I have only been here 3 times.This review is on the sausages, pretzel, fondu and wannabe "Belgian fries".1. Sausage 4 starsAll their sausages taste great, each different one has a unique flavor, they are fresh and taste great. Only downside I have is they are pretty damn small for what you pay.2. Pretzel pronounced Preeh-tzell in Deutsch. 5 starsHands down the best German style pretzel I have ever had since I moved here to the US from Germany. Yea mustard is ok with it, but salted European butter would make it taste 10 times better. If you want it in bulk google German Deli and look up Laugen Brotchen.  The fondu on the other hand is something to be desired. My second biggest disappointment.3. Trice fried "Belgian Fries" ...... 0I had high hopes for Pommes Frites and was let down like Buffalo Bills fan of the 90's. Everyone knows that has visited or lived in Europe, that you only find real fries to be thick cut. Not like steak fries though. Yea you have your chain places and fast food restaurants that serve skinny fries from the freezer, but a good wurst stand will serve real fries. Thick cut, fried twice, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Something that will hold up to a good mayo or being drenched in curry ketchup. Every time I ordered it here, they were burned overly crispy and skinny like McDonald's fries.Their beer selection is nothing to scoff at. Lots of beers to choose from even though again a little over priced.Overall this place does great marketing, serves good to great food and is probably a place to be seen at for the Scottsdale "in" crowd. If my wallet allows me I'll be back for more brats, pretzel and beer, if I want a good German meal I will drive my ass to Haus Murphy's. Introduce a good Doner  Kebab and I will eat every time in town.I'll be back Brat Haus AZ
4	Ive only been here once for drinks with some friends so my review is only based on the drinks and the PRETZELS!!! The pretzels were amazing! The drink selection was nice and our server was very friendly and helpful with describing all the different flavors of the beers. Nice little outdoor area and we played jenga before it was time to go.
4	Best Bacon wrapped dates in town. Really good, thick chewy pretzels, great beer selection, attentive wait staff.
3	AmbianceTastePriceWhen you go to restaurants you usually get to pick two out of the three. With Brat Haus it was pretty good on all fronts but I felt something was lacking.The Ski soda, mustards, and the fries were fantastic as were the truffle aioli accompannying the fries. However, the Charcuterie pate and the beer brat in my opinion didn't hold up as well.The pate was more meat loaf slices with interesting things nestled in. Maybe I deserved it for ordering pate at a german themed restaurant but I was expecting a smooth creamy terrine of liver pate.The beer brat encased in roll with pickled onions didn't really shine either. In fact if it weren't for the distractions of the fries and mustards I might have noticed how underwhelming the taste of the brat was.The house made dijon mustard however was stellar as it was as good as Maille in France.I'm a little confused on the theme of this restaurant, is this a europub or german stein house. I would've liked a brat, potato pancake, and a spaetzle instead of a dressed up hot dog with one topping for $6.50.The aesthetics and design of the place is pretty cool however, feels like your tucked away in a ski village in Europe.
5	I was at brat haus late last week and really enjoyed the pretzels and cheese, the chicken and waffles, the beer, and the service was great also. I was here for happy hour also, and did enjoy their great food at a great price. I'll be coming back for more of those pretzels, and soon.
5	Went again last weekend with my husband. Had the same FABULOUS server- thanks Michael! And they had changed the bun on the burger. Much easier to hold. Still have "short" fries. Guess it's the  Belgian thing...don't know. Anyway, got to sit outside and it was really nice. Give them a try- I don't want them to go away....
5	I love a good brat but these are out if this world!  I highly recommend everyone check out Brat Haus.  I will warn you that they are busy most of the time but it's worth the wait.  They have the best beer selection I have seen.  You will receive the best service from the staff!  I was recently in for a visit with some friends and had the best time.  I was treating my friends with a gift certificate I recently won at the Ugly Christmas Party.  Thanks Brat Haus!!!  The Fundido is a must starter!  You can never go wrong with Pretzels and 3-cheese-beer dipping sauce.  The last time I tried the Moroccan Lamb sausage.  Very delicious with the Apricot Onion Chutney.  Belgium Fries are a must and don't forget the Truffle Aioli!  I am not one for having dessert but everyone must try the Drunken Date Cake.  This delicious cake is made with Oatmeal Stout and will have you asking for more.  A trip to Brat Haus is the perfect way to start a night in Old Town.  I love that they constantly change their mural.  Thanks Dave and the wonderful staff of Brat Haus!
5	Having lived in Germany this brought back awesome memories.  It doesn't pretend to be something it isn't and simply focuses on traditional fare with beer from around the world.  There are plenty of picnic tables with outdoor games to help you drink your work week troubles away. The beer selection is simply impressive but what puts this place over the top is the attention to detail it's bartenders have regarding their selection.  The fact that this Brat Haus places importance in their beers by maintaining the exact glasses from each european brewery shows that they are in a class of their own.  Lamb brat on German potato salad is a winner!  Condiments are all made in house and the hot mustard is horseradishly divine.
1	Wednesday evening at 6PM.  I could see the two cooks, the two waitresses and the other two customers in the Brat Haus. Walked out after 15 minutes. Could not get service.  Water was brought to the table and the waitress never came back.  It is a shame because I was looking forward to this place.
5	Damn was this place good!  I'll take this over the former resident Oreganos (which made me sick) any day!  Beer brat was perfect, and the fries were delish.  We started with a hot pretzel which was tasty as well.  Great selection of beer, and we loved the outdoor ambiance.  Even though we were sitting outside on a chilly January evening (due to a ridiculously large party indoors... the only minus of the night), their many heat lamps kept us warm.  Will definitely be back.  Such a nice change of pace from the typical douchebaggy establishments of Scottsdale.
4	The brats & fries were good, very fresh and an excellent selection. The many flavor varieties was a welcome change up.The service was spot on and our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, making helpful suggestions.The atmosphere was hip. We ate outside in the courtyard and except for some awkwardness sitting at the high-top table/bench combos, it was great. The smell from the smokehouse gets your mouth watering and the food was ready super fast.I will come here again, and I suggest trying it out if you've never been.
4	This was a very good place to come with a big group. We were visiting from out of town, in town for a horse show, and saw this place on Yelp. It looked appealing and lived up to the stars! Everyone in our party was happy - and that can be hard to manage! Since it was me making the recommendation to eat here, I was hugely relieved. Loved the atmosphere, loved the beer and LOVED the food. The sausages were served on really tasty rolls, not too bready or hard to eat. A selection of tempting condiments were provided. The curry catsup was out of this world.  I personally had the lamb sausage with apricot chutney, and it was truly stellar. My partner had schnitzel sliders. A little dry, but really tasty. The Belgian fries were also a treat.We'll definitely come back here when we're in Scottsdale again.
5	I love this place, maybe it was because the stars lined up perfectly or something.  We were hanging out with one of my favorite couples, we had a wonderful server, Matt, and the night was really great, though a little chilly for my Phoenician taste, lol.  I had a couple of flights of beer, Matt suggested them, since I am not an experienced beer drinker, he was spot on.  I loved them all.  We also had the schnitzel sliders, wow, they were awesome.  The pretzel was great, although we agreed that next time we should have shared.  We tried a couple of the sausages, I had a bite of each since I was so stuffed from everything else.  The lamb and the chorizo sausages are winners, again, those were great recommendations.  I can't wait to come back and try some other goodies.
4	Really cool place! Indoor and outdoor seating. Great atmosphere! Fun, happy people working there - always a plus! To start with there is definitely a beer or soda here for everyone (as long as you drink beer and/or soda)! So many good choices - too many for one visit so plan to go back again and again. That's what we're going to do! We shared the Pig Mac Burger. It was sausage and beef perfection. Along side we got an order of fries and be sure not to miss the Hush Hush sauce! I may get some of that to take with me next time!
4	Went here for the first time with some friends on a recommendation.  Was a great experience.  Though I am not a beer drinker, I know what a great beer selection looks like.  Brat Haus had an incredible selection of choices.  It is safe to say that you will find exactly what you are looking for.  They even serve the beer you select in its own personally crafted and labeled glass for that brand.  It was quite impressive. The food was great.  Loved the home made sausages.  Like the beers, the selections were great.  Grilled and served on a flavorful, fresh and large bun, the sausages were excellent.  And, the condiment choices from a spicy dijon to a thick, full flavored whole grain mustard to their zingy curry ketchup were also very tasty.You can sit inside or outside in a wide open patio.  The ambience is relaxed and casual.  Really loved this place, the food, and the service.  I will be back.  You need to check it out!!
4	Only here once, but will definitely be back.  The food was good.  4 stars.  This place would be MUCH busier if they had happy hour on the weekend.  MUCH BUSIER!  If fact, I would probably be a regular.  They have a great beer selection.  Staff was okay. They did a great job of creating a fun environment in the back.  They have darts, washers, tetherball, jenga, ping pong, etc.  It seems like a great place to hang out.  The real negative here is that they make it a little too kid-friendly.  I wanted to try out all of the fun things in the back, but too many kids were out there just running around and hogging the ping pong table.  Not cool for people wanting to have fun and a few drinks.  I'm certain they would make more profit from selling more cocktails instead of milkshakes. Either way, I'll be back.- UPDATE - I appreciate being contacted regarding my review.  I always try to be honest and fair.I was told that kids usually clear out by 8pm.  However, as a long time Old Town resident, I know that Old Town is a day drinking location.  ESPECIALLY with the locals.  Locals like to enjoy their city by heading out early around 10am, start with a bloody, have cocktails and food throughout the day, enjoy the outdoor bar patios, and be home by 6pm.  That's just how we locals do it...  Old Town residents practically have it mastered.  My visit here seemed like I was trying to enjoy a beer in the sun in the middle of grade school recess.  Kids were running around, being loud and crazy like kids do I guess.  Just my two cents.  But of course I'll be back to try it again.
5	Amazing home-made sausage and toppings! The rootbeer onions were flavorful, but not too sugary and sweet. The sausage/brats were great, even though I'm not a sausage fan. I ate the whole thing. I had to sit at a communal table which, actually, I didn't mind. Ended up chatting with a nice couple about food and other good restaurants in the valley to check out. The server we had was cheerful and nice. Quick service too. The beer selection is quite nice! This place is small, but divided into 2 dining areas... a bit odd, but it works. I think they use the patio between the two buildings as a beer garden in good weather. Can't wait for that!
5	I LOVE this place!  It's a great, relaxed, hang out spot.  Big picnic tables that are great for groups, or for sitting with strangers and making new friends.  Games like washer toss, tetherball, & giant Jenga encourage you to get up and be social, and make you feel better about drinking 4 beers.  The food is delicious, the service is great, and prices are reasonable.  Most of the seating is outdoors, with only a few tables inside, so I'll be curious to see what they do in the summer when it's 110 outside.
5	All house-made, super fresh ingredients, local and all the other food-buzz-words you can think of. Also, one of the best pretzels I've had outside of Germany... Oh yeah, and they have about one Bazillion beers on tap. You just cannot go wrong here; you can't.
5	If you like brats. No better place!
5	We've been twice now. Had the sweet brat both times and have also tried the rabbit brat and the duck brat. All three were fantastic. The beers were excellent too. However, the best part of the whole night was the Drunken Date Cake. Hands down my new favorite cake.
2	Maybe it was an off night?  This is the worst review I have given.  It is my Son's 26th birthday today so we met up with him at Brat Haus.  I had a really good feeling about this place due to it's current star rating on Yelp and the way it is designed.  It  has a really cool vibe.  The service and food were not acceptable.  The Scottsdale market demands good food and this place is not making the cut. My son ordered a Chorizo Dog and he sent it back (no flavor). My wife and I split a burger and they did not ask how I wanted it cooked. The burger arrived and it was well done and the only flavor I could taste in it was a strong taste of pepper?  It was horrible, I am sure they cook it to death because the quality of the beef won't allow them to cook it on the rare side.I did not drink but we had plenty of beer lovers at the table who were ready to have a beer or two but they had a hard time getting a server to stop by and take their order.  I tried some of the other's food and the only thing I found to be tasty was the pretzel fundido.  Not sure I will try Brat Haus again.
5	I sadly missed the Elite event here, but a friend of mine didn't and she took me to the Brat Haus the first chance she got. There was a lot of arm twisting (OK not really).Lets start with Beer Selection: Yes. One of the best selections Ive seen and they have Hard Apple Cider. Reasonably priced beer and served frosty and amazing.The burgers were good, but son, you came to Brat Haus for a reason...ORDER THE BRATWURST. You will absolutely not regret it. Some of the best sausage I have ever had. (Yes I see you giggling over there, QUIT BEING DIRTY).But by far...the best for last...the pretzels and cheese. Oh. My. God.I would like to order a dozen pretzels and a gallon of cheese sauce to be delivered to my house once a day thank you very much! I can't even begin to explain how amazing this is, I will go out of my way to come here just to have this. I like pretzels and cheese don't get me wrong but if you think this is some wetzels pretzels mall tasting concoction...you are mistaken...it makes them taste like cardboard. Bring your friends, have a great time, drink some beer and nosh on the killer pretzels and cheese dip. You'll be glad you did!
5	Great place in old town Scottsdale for a beer and pretzel.  We sat inside which was a bit loud, but the waiter/bartender made up for it by actually being nice and spoke up.  We had the pretzel fundio (w/cheese). His was great match it wi their home made mustard pure awesomeness.  The main course, wife had the spicy brat with kraut, I had the Morracan with root beer onions.  Hers, very flavorful not very spicy but all around good flavor.  And with the home made kraut we will be back.  Mine, the brat was a very good flavors mixed with the grain mustard was very good.  The root beer onions tasted very good but got to be a bit to sweet for my taste.  To wash it all down you can choose from a good selection of "motherland" beers.  Great food and service.  Cost is a bit on the pricey side but for the quality, while not a regular stop it is on our repeat list.
5	Shnitzel sliders, pretzels with amazing beer cheese sauce, and the best bratwursts in town.  On top of all of that, the happy hour is fantastic and takes a couple of bucks off most draft beers, of which they have a great selection of both german and north american varieties, with a rotational lineup as well based on season.  Plus, big jenga blocks and ping pong for people who want to play some games!  Really fun outdoor area with a huge outdoor fireplace.. a great homey place.  Overall, A+.
4	Must-do list of area experiences. Passionate staff and high high quality ingredients. Lots of in-house made products (all brats). Seasonal favors, fun mood and killer patio. Also don't miss the mini-VW bus !!!
5	Best place for German food around. Can't go wrong with the garlic fries and the DAS BRAT or any Sausage. Great for dates and quality food with an awesome outside huge patio. the outside is so big that you could seriously invite 50 of your friends and have a place to sit. I'm a HUGE FAN of this place. Awesome customer service too. Oh and they do $20 movie nights on Sundays which include food and a drink while you watch a movie..AWESOME!!
4	Definitely a positive experience here over the weekend.  I love the open air seating area even though I actually ended up eating in the bar (there was a wait and the bar was avaialable).  Food (4 stars)Pretzels with beer+cheese sauce = Heaven on a plate, I would almost fly to Pheonix just for this pretzel!!  Seriously the best pretzels I've ever had.Chorizo Brat - Good spicy southwestern flavorLamb Brat - Tasty though I wouldn't say it particularly tasted like lambRattlesnake brat - Had to do it since I've never had rattle snake and well worth ordering, similar meat consistency to aligator (no surprise there)Serivice (5 stars)Very good positive attitude from the people we dealt with.  Great service from the bartender who while busy still checked on us regularly.  And the host did come find us to see if we still wanted a table and let us know it was still going to be a while.I look forward to coming back on my next trip to Phoenix, especially for that pretzel and some german beer.
2	Based off of food and atmosphere I was going to give this place three stars. I ordered the spicy brat (not actually spicy at all...) and garlic fries. While they were both decent, they were not worth the price they charged. If your restaurant is called BRAT Haus, you better have some better than average brats, which they don't.The reason I gave this place two stars is because at the end of the meal the waitress brought out all our separate checks. One of my friends left a $10 bill to cover his meal and tucked it in with our credit cards, then he left because he had to go home. When the waitress came back with our credit cards, before she set the checks back down on the table, she says "oh and your friend who left didn't pay so I don't know how you want to figure out how to pay for him...." We were all confused because he is not the type of guy to do that and we asked "are you sure he didn't pay with cash?" and she replied "no, it looked like he hadn't even touched his check." Anyway, we all agreed we would cover his portion, but then when we opened our credit card holders we found his money that he had placed in there with his check. This was definitely just an honest mistake on her part --- BUT before you go accusing a customer of walking out on a check wouldn't you double check the credit card holders to look for his receipt?? And she never apologized when we pointed out his money had been there the whole time. It's just plain rude.
5	A group of us comes to Scottsdale every year for Spring Training and were we ever pleased to discover Brat Haus. In fact, we ate there five times in seven days. The staff is phenomenal, as is the beer. The food which ranges from foot long sausages to vegan fare is outstanding. We took all of our friends and everyone loved it. The beer selection is out of this world. They also have a ping-pong table and giant Jenga game. There is indoor and outdoor seating. If you're in Scottsdale this is place is a must.
5	OMG!  This was SUPER yummy!  We were visiting Scottsdale with our kids (11 &14) for spring break .   We asked for our hotel concierge for a family friendly place.  We took his suggestion and took the little golf cart shuttles from our hotel to the Brat Haus.  SO HAPPY!!  We had been there before, years ago, when it was a pizza place (different owners).  The BH made the old parking lot between their two bldgs an awesome outside seating are.  There is tetherball, live size Jenga, corn hole...PLENTY to keep the kiddos and grown up kiddos busy!   On Sunday's they do Brats, Beer, and B movies on a huge outside screen.  Would have loved to see this!!  Next trip.Now, the food...WOW.  We had several people so we sampled almost everything on the menu.  Everything was fantastic!  Shout out to the root beer onions, the date cake (trust me, try it!!) and the piggy(?) sandwich (pork burger)!  YOU  MUST get the Belgain fries!!  My husband prides himself on being a pork aficionado  and he was blown away by EVERY brat...the beers were awesome too!  20-30 on tap varieties!  if you can't find one you like.. :(  boo hoo for you:(  good thing they have wine, cocktails and non alcoholic beverages!  But OMG, the PRETZELS!!!  YUMMY, YUMMY, YUMMY!  I wanted to bring them home to freeze!  I haven't had a pretzel that good, EVER, even in Germany!!  The ambiance was casual, fun, welcoming!  The staff attentive and top notch!  Prices were super reasonable and you will be thrilled with the value!  Using the local climate that pleases (until July) it is the perfect venue for almost anything that isn't "fancy".  I recommend this for groups, families, celebrations of all kinds.  There were 2 b'day parties, a going away party when we were there.  OOH, and the short bus out front is the cutest sign ever! TOP family pick of our week!
5	We had a gathering of about 20 people last month and having it here was great.  We were able to spin some of the table conversations and make them activity based.  Life sized jenga, darts, corn hole...and beeper.  The staff is ALWAYS very attentive which i thought weird at first but really came to appreciate it as the drinks were flowing.  It was chilly that evening and not only did they provide space heaters while we ate...they brought them over to our 3 hour Jenga game.  Attention to detail all around...just look at the condiment holders and the rollers in the center of the picnic tables!   PROST!
4	Brat Haus, It's been a while but I remember clearly how amazing the staff was!!! We got to this establishment, very close to closing time and we were still treated very well. I didn't get to eat much here, I just had a drink, a few french fries and about half of a beer brat with the hot peppers ( I gave the other half to my friend, guys will eat just about anything). That was all delicious, and even better with the special treatment as my small group and I enjoyed the fireplace in the back patio along with a fine game of Jenga, we were practically the only one's left by that time. It was all super swell!! :) Thanks again Brat Haus, I must come back some chill day to try out that pretzel with queso fundido!! Sounds delish!! :)
5	My fourth trip to the Brat  Haus, this time with my teenage son, was another hit. This place has something for everyone: a killer beer selection, gourmet pub eats and a unique atmosphere. Let's start with the beer selection which features authentic German, Belgian and US microbrews on tap and a host of hard to find bottles. Each beer come with the correct glass. For example, I ordered a Zwick'l kellerweis and the delicious malty brew was served in authentic half liter ceramic stein. It is rare to find a bar which pays so much attention to the proper glassware, and it greatly enhances the experience. We sampled a top notch soft pretzel, excellent fries and out of this world brats with all the fixings. My son had a duck and date brat which had a wonderful smokey flavor while I enjoyed a beer brat which was a juicy treat. The patio which is situated between three small buildings evokes a European cafe atmosphere. The staff is attentive and well versed on the beer and food items. The owner even came by to check on our visit. This is a family friendly place which serves specialty sodas and even has waffles. A trip to the Brat Haus is like taking a trip to the Old World and never leaving Scottsdale!
5	Why does this place have to be so far away? The brats are amazing. The pretzels are the best I've ever had. And the beer cheese... one day I will learn how make something that tastes as good at home. And then have to start running weekly marathons.The beer selection is great. There is plenty on tap and the prices are pretty reasonable. Where else can you get a German Oktoberfest on tap in March?Pretty much everything is made on site. The pretzels, the brats, even the sauerkraut is made here and from local ingredients. If you end up sampling a lot, the price can get high fast but if you just come in for a brat it can be a reasonable lunch.
1	Three beers, two Brats, fries and a pretzel was our order ($50). Everything was mediocre. The beer selection is great and the concept of the place is pretty cool. I would give the food a 3.  Next time I would come here to drink and maybe have a snack, but I would not plan a meal here again.On a side note, this cost them all stars. Flying a drone around for a half an hour while we ate outside was borderline ridiculous. They were flying this noisy thing over our heads and taking video or photos of us/customers and the restaurant. It instantly made us want to leave and was a bit intrusive for my taste...
2	Mixed review.   4 of us.  Dinner, outside.  Fries. ASchnitzel  CBeet salad.  ABrats. C+Beers. C-  not enough foam, carbonation, and too warm. German potato salad. A+Nutella milk shake. C+Pie. D. Taste average, but the tiniest piece I've ever seen.  Consensus.  2 don't want to come back....2 might, eventually, maybe.
4	Awesome concept.  All six of the sauces are great.  Good beer.  Nice patio.  The brats are a bit on the peppery side.  German potato salad was a hot preparation - I was expecting the cold version with radishes and vinegar (no mayonnaise), but, it was good.  Pretzel was pretty basic.
5	Amazing Brat Burger!
4	Amazing pretzels! And the cheese sauce?! So good!It was too hot to sit in the beer garden, unfortunately, but the atmosphere inside was casual and relaxed.  Our server was excellent--very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Two of us went with his recommendations on the brats, and they didn't disappoint. This is a great place to meet up with friends over a cold beer and good eats!
5	The place is a fun, little hole-in-the-wall with a great beer garden for outdoor dining.  The fries are delicious and with all the different dipping sauces we had to have two orders!!  Everyone had a different brat so we could share and it was hard to tell which was better.  I definitely like the lamb, best.  If it's not really crowded you can bring your dogs as long as they're quiet and well-behaved.  Not cheap, but definitely good and fun.
3	Personally, I would give this place 3 stars for food, 5 stars for being a fun place to hang out with friends.  First the food.  We got the house brat, a pretzel, some Belgian fries, a vegan burger, a couple of beers, and another pretzel with nutella for dessert. Everything was decent but not life-changing. Prices were a little bit on the high side. There was a decent (but not huge) imported beer selection. One plus was that they have a wide variety of sauces, mustards, and ketchups which are interesting and fun to try with the pretzels and fries. One a side note, this is a vaguely German-inspired pub, not a place for authentic traditional German food.  However, if you are looking for a fun place to hang out with friends, then this place is perfect. They have a huge outdoor patio area with a bunch of games to play (extra-large Jenga, ping-pong, etc.).  Most importantly, we weren't pressured to keep ordering.  My wife and I got our food and one drink each, ate, then spent an hour nursing our beers and playing Jenga and the waitstaff never made us feel uncomfortable about it.
3	Braut Haus has done a great job of transforming the old Oregano's parking court into a laid back, shady beer garden filled with picnic tables, tether ball, ping pong and corn hole games.  The ambiance is casual and not too raucous - a good antidote to some of the high octane bars up the street.  Filled with a non-trendy, mixed-age crowd, the BH seems more akin to a downtown Phx joint - vaguely but unoppressively hipster.The menu sounded enticing but overall the food was a bit lackluster. I ordered  charcuterie plates of goat cheese, sliced pears and pee pollen, and a cheddarwurst brat.  My boyfriend had a burger. All the food was dry - even the pears.Prices are reasonable however servings are small.The service was perfect - friendly, attentive, efficient: an A+.  Brat Haus provides an outdoor eating/drinking experience different from other downtown Scottsdale restaurants and bars. I'll be back to give the food another shot.
4	UPDATE II-Visited Brat Haus for a second chance and what an improvement!  We were seated quickly, tended to professionally, and finally had the opportunity to try the menu.  Excellent spicy brats, wonderful pretzels, and delicious Gaffel Kolsch made our second trip a real treat. UPDATE-Owner apologetic and accommodating following our one and only visit.  We intend to give it a second chance.Horrible service. Called ahead, then arrived to find they never added our info.  Told a 15 minute wait.  After 50 minutes of waiting, finally got a table (inside, not outside as requested), then waited another 15 minutes with absolutely no visit from any server.  Decided to leave.  I was really excited to try the food, but not with that level of effort.  A flight to Germany would have been more bearable.
4	Great beer list.  I mean that.  If it weren't for the beer list I'd probably give it a 3 star as the food was just ok.  Though, to be fair - I ordered chorizo off of friends' suggestions when I really wanted the spicy brat - so I need to go back and give it another shot on my own to give it a truly fair rating.  The pretzels to start were great - I'd certainly recommend those to anyone looking to give this place a try (and try they should) Other notables:Love the patio when the weather cooperates and the wait staff was very attentive.  I will come here again and see if the food can match up to the beer - and if the Spicy Brat delivers I can see bumping this up to a 5.
5	This place is the shiznit!They full on blitz you with great vibes and good times.The patio is my favorite in old town:  huge trees provide shade during the day and have lights woven inside the branches to create a great glow at night .  An awesome covered area with a neato mister system called the misto360 is the bomb.comFor food the fundio: which is two fresh baled pretzels and a cheese dipping sauce makes me scream in delight. Awesome beer selection with activies such as ping pong, bags, tether ball (jamned fingers sold separately) bags and jinga round out the experience.They also have a rotating mural from local artists in the patio!
2	Items sampled include:Haus Original Pretzel with $3 Warm Three Cheese Beer Dipping SauceHaus Bacon Wrapped DatesImported Pecorino and HoneycombBelgian Fries with RanchFall Turkey Brat with Butternut Squash, Apples, Sage Duck and Dates with Coriander, Fennel Seed, Orange ZestBeer Brat with Parsley, Oregano, Beer(Root Beer Onions, Apricot Onion Chutney, Picked Red Onions)Brat Burger - Pork Sausage Patty, Fried Egg, Swiss CheeseDrunken Date Cake - Oatmeal Stout and Whipped CreamBelgian Waffle with Jalapeno Honey Butter and SyrupSpending the afternoon of New Year's Eve in and around Scottsdale as lunch came around I asked my family what they were craving and deciding against Lo Lo's after much debate we ended up at Brat Haus in hopes of finding the artisanal sausage house as good as previous visits to similar locales in Chicago...but unfortunately no such luck would be found.  Clearly a spot where the impressive beer list supersedes the quality of the food our meal started off on the wrong foot when we were denied seating in the main dining room and placed in a smaller back bar area and although the bartender was pleasant enough while a great soundtrack played overhead it became quite obvious early on that our lack of enthusiasm for suds was unappreciated with food arriving slowly, often far from hot while water refills required direct inquiry.Focusing on the food, a first round of appetizers proved to be fine, if not wowing - the pretzel nothing to write home about and the "do you want cheese with that" commanding an unannounced $3 up charge while the dates and pecorino were a nice sweet and savory pairing with quality ingredients well prepared.  Last and perhaps least, a basket of fries was ordered by my aunt and although I'm far from an expert I found them to be a bit undercooked; more starchy and less fluffy than I'd prefer.   Moving on to the meat of the menu (pun intended) aside from being luke warm and served on a decent roll I do not understand the reviews for the brats at Brat Haus and, as a matter of fact, with all the ridiculously hefty spices I'd defy anyone to differentiate on blind tasting the difference between pig, duck, or turkey on any of our selections - a lack of subtlety that led to my mother giving up after a few bites and even challenged myself on the duck brat as I felt like I was eating the smell of Penzey's Spices more than anything protein.  Faring better - as a matter of fact quite a bit better - my aunt's burger with a supple and smoky patty, fried egg, and sharp Swiss was the highlight of the savories; a case of "Keep it Simple, Stupid" if there ever was one.For desserts - generally not a beer fan I actually liked what the rich chocolate stout did to temper the sweetness of the dates and the waffle that so many have raved was indeed a light at the end of the tunnel; a light, airy, and golden crisp disc with a bit of spice balanced by the sweet honey showing that the kitchen can indeed achieve balanced boldness when they try - or perhaps when they DON'T try and end up overthinking and overshooting their mark as they did with the sausages.
3	Food was 4 stars, service was 2-3.Went to lunch on a weekday, the bar side was about half full (or empty for you pessimists) and a friend and I went for a quick lunch.Service was friendly, but absent. Long waits between drink refills, we asked for a to-go box twice, and never got it. Found the box myself so we could get out.It's a beautiful little spot, with very good food. I just think they need to work out some service kinks. In time I am sure they can make the service as great as the food and location.
4	Probably one of the best rotating beer selections in the valley. They had Dogfish Head 120, which I had certainly never seen in Az. They also have a nice local selection and specialty selection (like Chimay). The food is, from what I understand, Locally grown and slaughtered. The dude who owns the place is german, and makes his own brats and mustards, which I found to be delightfully tasty. The fries, however, have been woefully undercooked on the 2 occasions I have ordered them. The atmosphere is fun and lively, if you are going on a friday or saturday night, it might be best to reserve a table. They have giant jinga, tetherball, ping bong and a bag throwy thingy. The service can be a bit slow at times, but if you aren't in a hurry with a grandpa bed time, then it just lets you enjoy the company and surroundings more. I should say the food service is slow, but they never let my beer remain empty.
4	Who knew that you get a beer garden to work in Scottsdale...and in June!  While the interior is somewhat cramped the patio is a perfect social gathering spot.  The menu offers a German take on the 'farm to table' concept.  There isn't one item that blows one away but there are several solid options that will complement your evening.
5	This place has the best bratwurst I've ever eaten! My husband and I tried the currywurst and the venison brat and they were both excellent. The flavors are simply amazing! Also I think they make their own saukraut, we loved it. And you must try the german potatoes! The poutine was just ok but I'm picky being that I'm from Montreal. Would come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	Ate at the Brat Haus today for the first time and had the pepper jack brat and the fried chicken, so delicious! In addition had really great service!I will definitely eat there again.
3	I love beer.I don't really like brats though, so my view on the food might be skewed.I went with a large group, and was able to try the rattlesnake, duck, rabbit and lamb brats.  The duck was my fav, but none of them are my thing I guess.I'd come back to drink, but prob not to eat.
5	I love the Brat Haus! Lets just say I'm not what you would call a brat fan but this place changed me for the better! They use all fresh, natural hormone free ingredients, which makes me feel better about putting it in my body! If you've never been in before I recommend trying a brat. My favorites are the spicy brat with grilled onions or just the simple route with sauerkraut, the chorizo brat topped with the fabulous root beer onions (marinated in root beer) and the Moroccan Lamb brat with apricot onion chutney and spicy bell peppers. They just added a spicy pepper jack brat which is also fabulous! They have tons of brats to choose from besides my favorites I listed above including... a sweet brat, house brat, southwest chicken (spicy!!) a rabbit and hops brat, duck and dates, they even have a rattlesnake brat, and a veil brat. All the brats are made in house and are fresh as can be! The meat for both the brats and burgers come from Niman Ranch which means all the animals were vegetarian fed, antibiotic/hormone free and pastor raised... This can only mean that the meat you are ingesting is of the highest quality possible! Be sure to start with a pretzel and cheese! They are DELICIOUS and the cheese dip is a three cheese beer dip that u can also top your amazing Belgian fries with but don't forget the bacon. The Belgian fries are to die for (they also have awesome garlic fries)  the fries come with your choice of dipping sauce and they have a ton to choose from... Ranch, chipotle aioli, truffle aioli, thousand island (hush hush sauce)  sriracha aioli and Blue cheese bacon. Okay I hate blue cheese but this blue cheese bacon dipping sauce is AMAZING!!! A must try! So not only do they have awesome dipping sauces for your fries but they also have a variety of mustards to choose from! They have the simple traditional catsup and mustard but they also have a whole grain, Dijon, honey mustard and curry ketchup. Try them all!Some other note worthy menu options are- The schnitzel, crispy ribs, local tomato salad (add bacon!) and the charcuterie options! Try and save room for the amazing date cake made with oatmeal stout and root beer (its soooooooo good!) you also can't go wrong with the butterscotch root beer float! OHH and did I mention they have 28 beers on tap and tons of bottles to choose from? They also have an awesome happy hour! **side note this is NOT a German food restaurant... But they do celebrate Octoberfest and its a pretty epic party!
5	OMG!  Five stars are not enough!  Server Sean made us feel right at home as we started out with the pretzels and three cheese sauce.  Best pretzel and sauce ever!   Liking  sparkling, he suggested the cider over ice for me and it was so refreshing with the 100 degree heat outside.  My wife bravely tried the Dogfish 120 and pronounced it spectacular.  For our meal, she ordered the sweet brat with apricot chutney. Delish! I am always one to order combinations so I can have several different tastes, so I went with the brat flight:  5 Oz. samples of the sweet brat with spicy peppers, accompanied by a Piraat Belgian Strong Ale, which I flavored with a house made honey mustard; a 5 Oz. spicy brat with root beer onions, accompanied by a Bells Two Hearted IPA, which I flavored with an amazing curry catsup; a 5 Oz. Haus brat with sauerkraut (which I have always avoided before), flavored with a house made Dijon mustard and accompanied by a Spaten Oktoberfest.  This was heaven for a sausage lover:  trying all of these wonderful house made sausages and condiments, and wonderful beer choices.  Before we left, Front of House Manager Kevin Evans stopped by for a long chat near closing and we were so impressed with his dedication and caring for his customers.  One of the best nights out we have had, with unique foods and brews and homey atmosphere.  Even though my wife had to drive home, ;-), this night made the drive from Georgia worth the entire trip.  Go to the Brat Haus now!
4	So I've been here a few times now and I must say, I'm a fan of the menu additions! Brat Haus has also done a bit of renovating since I was last in and they managed to add about 10-12 seats inside the restaurant.  The best part of their new menu might be the poutine. Yes, hand cut fries with a pork gravy and cheese curds. Their poutine is just a tad different in that the gravy is LOADED with meat.  I shared it with a friend and I probably should've called it quits there.... but I didn't.  I forged on and had the duck brat with sauerkraut and spicy peppers. The spicy peppers are red bell peppers, pickled to be spicy. They are fabulous!  You'll feel your core temp rise after eating a few.  And the kraut is homemade, served fresh and crunchy, not overly briny... Meaning its actually good! I added their dijon mustard too ... whoa! It was a party in my mouth. FYI, they have about 5 mustards on the table, all of which are housemade and all are pretty darned good. Then, as if I hadn't stuffed myself already, we decided to share a butterscotch root beer float. The server suggested making the float "adult style" which meant we'd be adding root beer vodka to the mix!  It was difficult to share, but very yummy. Service was good, not great, but not awful.  My beer was gone for about 6-7 minutes before she came around to check on my thirst.  It won't keep me away, I'll just be better about making sure I get a water at the beginning to tide me over any dry periods.
5	I am giving Brat Haus five stars on the overall expiernce. I get a good feeling everytime I see that outdoor patio which pretty much equals happiness to me especially when you combine it with a great beer. This place is built for spring-time and late fall in Arizona with all the outdoor amenities and patio vibe. The food is good, I would probably give the food four stars. They are currently on local dines which is a plus.
5	So this spot is easily one of my favorite spots in Scottsdale.  The beer list is always revolving and offers a lot of great choices for both novice and dedicated beer connoisseurs.  The starters are basic but in the best way possible, sometimes simplicity is the best mantra.  I have had almost all of the brats and their isn't a dude on the menu.  The staff is also great here, personality is the name of the game and they bring it in spades with great knowledge and trustworthy recommendations that come from people who actually understand what they are serving.  The owner is almost always on site and is friendly and welcoming.  Also if you happen to get Matt B  as a server tell him Jordan says work harder, and give him a good tip.
5	This place is great... The decor was interesting with good attention to detail, the servers were friendly and helpful, the food was delicious.  I had a spiced lamb brat and it was enormous--if I had known I would have split it with my partner!  The garlic fries have actual fresh garlic on them, the curry ketchup and truffle aioli are fantastic and the pretzels are great too.  Can't even think of a complaint!
2	I enjoyed the choices on the menu, pickled veggies and got the large brat for $12, my date had the pork schnitzel with fingerling potatoes for $14. His was generous and filling but here's the deal...a little imagination goes a long way and garnish, veggies or side salad included along with the one side would be more appealing.  My brat in a bun with chutney as a side and the plate showed a lot of porcelain, and I dont eat bread...
1	I'm sorry but it was a miss... Went here for birthday celebration. Pretzel was tasteless & the cheese sauce was horrible. Everyone said their food was " okay." Not sure if it was the server's first ever waitressing gig - but it was bad:(
3	Dropped in here just before happy Hour ended and just before that massive Dust storm rolled through Old Town. The place is split up with the bar on one side and the restaurant on the other side which was across the patio in a separate building. Actually, that is one issue because when you order food, your meal travels across about 30 feet of open space and through a bar entrance before it makes it to your table. With dust and flies outside, they should put a cover on that food as it makes it roadtrip across the backyard. That being said, the pretzel is well priced during Happy Hour (which runs til 6pm) at $3 with a side of cheese dip. cannot be certain, but it seemed the pretzel was warmed in the microwave because it had a more chewy and tough texture and after ten minutes it was too tough to eat. Pretzels way better at Cold Beers up the street. The beers were a few bucks off and they had plenty of choices, but who doesn't these days. Big jenga game on the patio as well. Looks worthy for a visit to beer garden again as weather cools off.
5	This is my favorite place in Old Town Scottsdale, hands down. The service is always great and the food and beer is delicious. Matt, the bartender, really knows his beer and is super friendly, and Kevin, one of the managers is always really welcoming. Love this place!
5	I don't eat hot dogs. I'm not a fan of brats/sausage. Well... I am a huge fan when it comes to Brat Haus brats!!I LOVE the brats here.  It's converted me. Entirely!!  I crave the duck and date one, with root beer onions. I don't even use any mustard! There's such wonderful sweet, meaty flavor -- and the bread choice is excellent compliment. Great beer on tap and excellent prices on happy hour.A Yelp check in got me to try the nutella and soft pretzel which I am now also addicted to.
1	Meh.... I think this is my first resto 1-star review.  Went here on Labor Day.  Must be the slowest day of the year for restaurant businesses.  Many restos were closed and this was the first place on my "to try list" that I found open after calling several other places.  I wish I had stayed away, perhaps had McDonalds?  Perhaps kept calling down my list? I was seated on the bar side.  The bar side has around a 12 top bar and about 6 or so tables.  I saw 4 different guys/servers/bartenders taking food/drink orders and delivering food and drinks.  I could sense there was chaos in their service, so when they came to take my drink order, I stopped the guy from quickly leaving my table and ordered my food.  Food came out... great.  I'm eating.  Now, I want my beer.  BUT, I must have been invisible after my food was delivered.  None of them came back to my table.  I wanted to try one of the craft beers.  I saw other people being serviced at the bar and their tables and  trying and ordering them.  I just kept waiting and thinking, some1 will come to my table next.  Hum, no.So, I gave up on ordering the beer, since I had finished my brat.  I waited and waited and attempted to signal for my check.  Nada. Zilch.  I had to finally yell out for my check.  "Ahhhh, can I get my check, today?"  Needless to say, I know where I'm unappreciated.  My dollars can go some place else.  I hate I had to spend my money there.  If I could have un-eaten the food, I would have so I could keep my money in my pocket!As for the food, it was just ok.  Perhaps in a month I could be convinced to return, today, I don't see me ever going back there..To borrow from yelper J.D....Return Factor:  1%.
5	Stellar! Amazing food, brats, atmosphere, bar, bacon blue cheese sauce I could hang out here for days
3	I went to Brat Haus for lunch today with Local First Arizona. I was really excited when I saw they have a veal sausage on the menu. I was hoping it was a bockwurst - a white veal sausage that I've never been able to find in Arizona. I ordered it and it's not a bockwurst - still very good, but not a bockwurst.I had the pretzels and they were fantastic.I also ordered a vanilla shake. I like thick shakes so I was excited when it came out with a wide straw. Unfortunately it wasn't as thick as it looked, but still good.
5	great food, really expensive. 2342342343 different types of beers, but you can only afford to drink them during happy hour!! staff was awesome and friendly, food was even more awesome than the staff
4	Pig Mac and fries w/ aioli sauce are delicious! Great bratwurst selection (I mean, they must, right?), milkshakes are good as well.
3	This is a neat place with a lot of outdoor as well as indoor space.  I like the volume of the music, the decor's cool, and the beer selection is pretty good.  However, they're also one of the ones that serve the beer closer to the "ideal temperature" for tasting.  Let it warm to that, its not like we're sitting there chugging them I say!Anyway, the brats I've tried so far are decent.  For me though sausage doesn't veer too much on the good or bad side, maybe because its always just been a flavoring agent for bread, pasta, etc.  The bread is actually really good here.  So why the 3?I may be biased like I said but the brats I've tried so far (rabbit, sweet, spicy, regular) isn't that great or bad.  The toppings are neat and flavorful.  The 6 different sauces they have are 6 different sauces..  I kind of like the curry ketchup ok but the others is just not that good to me.  The sauerkraut is a lil bland.  The garlic fries were limp and not very garlicky.The pretzel was really good!  The beer cheese was a bit.. lumpy?  Grainy?  Not cheesy enough for my taste I suppose, and slightly on the stingy side - I mean they charge like 3 bucks for it separately, can I at least get a full 1/2 cup??Which brings me to the final bit - prices are a little high when you don't go for specials or during happy hour.  Still a bit high then..
5	I adore this place. It's like San Francisco in Scottsdale. Very relaxed environment, excellent service and very good food, beer and CIDER! I love hard cider so I was happy to find a few good ciders here. Now all they need is gluten free bread to make me completely enamoured. One of the bar tenders who waited on us was seriously the shit. He was the best bartender I've encountered in a long time. So refreshing to have excellent service in Scottsdale.
3	Guess I've never reviewed this place before? The hubby and I met up with some friends early on a Saturday night for dinner. It was around 6pm, before it started getting too rowdy... Brat Haus is unfortunately in that part of Old Town (right next door to Salty Senorita) where all the ASU kids come to drink on weekends. Anyway, we had some tasty food and Oktoberfest beers and a great time. My friend and I got the restaurant week special which came with 1 appetizer so of course we got the pretzel and cheese, my favorite. Then we also each got a bratwurst.. I think these were supposed to come with fries but our waiter was super swamped and forgot. Then we also got one each of the two desserts they offer. Bratwurst was delicious but nobody really liked the desserts much. This was not a bad deal at $30 for all that food. My hubby got the ribs plate and my friends hubby got the pig roast plate and those were $20 each which I don't think is that great of a deal. I think the brats are their best offering so it's usually a good idea to stick with that.Really, the appeal of Brat Haus is their huge patio. When the weather is nice it can't be beat. It's a great place to come and enjoy a few beers... play some tetherball or jenga... whatever floats your boat. This month for Oktoberfest they even had an oompah band!
5	Food and service were wonderful and the price was even better! I will go back as often as I can!
4	Coooooool place!  I loved it the moment we walked in.  Another late night dinner for us on our road trip, my friend and I found this place in downtown Scottsdale, and enjoyed some tasty beers and dinner with a German flair.  I had the Moroccan lamb brat with sauerkraut and mango chutney upon our server's recommendation- delicious!  Very nice combination of flavors.  I also had a side of Belgian fries with chipotle mayo dip, also very good, nice and crispy on the outside, but thickly cut, and soft and potato-y on the inside.  Portions were big-- I would say you could split a small order of the fries between 2 people and be satisfied. My friend ordered the schnitzel, which came with home fries, so we were not short of taters!  We also had no idea how big everything would be, so we also ordered the beet salad, which they kindly split into 2 portions for us.  This was big too!  Easy to split between 3-4 people if you just want this a small appetizer salad, although I was grateful for the generous portioning, as it was a very nice salad- the beets were sweet and cooked just right, and they had a nice, warm, melty flavor.  Nice ambience outside with the hanging lights.  I really enjoyed our dinner here, and would easily come again if I'm ever in the area to try some other dishes.  Service was top notch, and prices were very reasonable.
4	Finally got back out to Brat Haus... One of my favorite food spots. Great beer list and awesome food. Not your normal backyard BBQ brats... All kinds of special meats and combinations...definitely need to step outside your comfort zone and try a specialty brat. Tons of toppings and beers to compliment the flavors. The pretzels are always one of our starters... Little hard which I like for a bit more crunch. Good assortment of mustards, cheeses and even some Nutella for dipping. Always finish with Drunken Date Cake... Sweet an savory... Never disappoints. Chill, fun place that you can hit up frequently and not get tired of.
5	Really good food, really good beer (even though they were out of a lot), a steal for restaurant week.
4	Craft beer bar with very good beer selection, cool vibe, nice people and solid food.  Extensive selection of beer, both on draft and in bottles/cans.  I was in search of a sour beer and there was a selection to choose from.  Had the pretzel and haus pate.  Big thumbs up to the pretzel but would probably stay away from the pate on the next trip.  It was just OK.  The pretzel was outstanding and the accompanying mustards were varied and flavorful.  Nice people.  Chill vibe.
4	We stumbled upon Brat Haus two weeks ago and have already been back with friends.  The food is excellent, especially the spicy brat with sauerkraut and French fries with your choice of 5 dipping sauces.  Fun, casual atmosphere.  The only reason I did not give this five stars is because the service while not horrible could use a little improvement.
4	Brat Haus is so cute! Sit on the patio (ample picnic bench seating), enjoy the beautiful Phoenix weather, drink a big beer, place bar games, and have fun! The food is fine. We got the pretzels & cheese fondue, which was pretty good. The pretzels came out really fast so they are clearly prepared well ahead of time, which is reflected in the texture (harder and tougher than the soft pillow homemade pretzel I was hoping for) but the cheese sauce far & away makes up for that! It's awesome, enough said. There are a few vegetarian options, but not a lot which is probably to be expected from a menu that says "swine dining". I had the shaved raw salad and enjoyed it.I highly recommend visiting the Brat Haus for some beer & fun. It really is a great outdoor patio to relax at.
1	I'll start with the positives, nice set-up and a good German beer selection. That being said, I wouldn't go for the food. I gave this place 2 chances with about a year in between each try. One thing that's for sure is that they are consistent, because each time the quality of the food was poor in the same way. First visit, I ordered the spicy sausage with the apricot chutney; sausage was dry, bread tasted and felt a bit old, chutney was the only thing half way decent on it. Second visit, I ordered Das Brat with sauerkraut; sausage was dry, bread was dry, seasoning inside was overdone and disgusting, sauerkraut was weak with almost no taste. I do not expect fine dining quality from a place like this, but come on, at least make it edible.  Also to mention, on the second visit our server was crap. It seemed like he was just going through the motions, waiting for his shift to end, and not really giving a sh** about actually EARNING a tip. After two strikes of poor quality food that in no way delivered a satisfactory experience, there's no need to return to this place. Honestly, you're better off picking up a dog/sausage from Portillo's (and that's being said by someone who hates fast food)
4	Very cool place, but the service was a little slow.  Not saying that made is a bad experience, just that they were a little busy.  The delish haus brat made up for that and the very nice way that our server explained the different types of mustards and ketchups that are house made.  My favorite was the curry ketchup and honey mustard that is made with local organic honey--so good!  The outside patio is lovely but we decided to sit inside where it was more intimate and less surrounded with boozy locals.  Still had a great time and will most likely be going back.
3	We recently went to Brat Haus on a Saturday Night, it was decently busy for Old Town and the wait was around 20 minutes.  After we we sat there was about a 10 minute delay between sitting down and having our drink order taken and then another 10 minutes to get the beers which were not ice cold, more like chilled and on the way toward room temperature. After this the service picked up and the food was delivered to our table in an expected amount of time (10-15 minutes).  The brats were delicious  along with the wide selection of Mustard to go with the Garlic Fries which were demolished.  All in all the evening cost about $80 for three of us, so for some brats and beer it is on the high side but that is to be expected of Old Town Scottsdale, I will probably be back to give some of the other brats and pretzels a try.
3	I've been to the Brat Haus a couple of times. It has so much potential but I'm going to have to pass the next time I'm in the area.The patio is a great feature. They have some excellent beer as well. I think their brats are good and I like the bun that they come on. But $7.50 for a brat with a la cart sides is pretty expensive in my book. I had the German Potato Salad for $3.75 and the ratio of potatoes to sauerkraut on the plate was about 10 to 1 in favor of the sauerkraut. While I can certainly appreciate a restaurant wanting to jazz up an old standard dish. I think the Brat Haus strucked out on this one. German Potato Salad should have a lot of potatoes in it, dunkoff. The dish was good, but don't call it German Potato Salad. My bad for not reading the menu and assuming that German Potato Salad mainly consisted of  potatoes. I also had the ice cream float which I thought was a complete waste of 5 bucks. Another factor which puts my rating in the 3 star zone is that our server was so busy trying to upsell that she didn't deliver the "German Potato Salad" with the Brat. She forgot to put the correct order into the kitchen so I was basically done with my brat by the time the side was delivered. To her credit, she admitted to her goof up.One suggestion that I would make is that the Brat Haus create individual plates for the roasted pig. I think you would sell a lot of those roasted pig plates.
1	A $12 Brat with chutney should have a salad and fries included ...for that price. I even ordeted with bun.We spent a $40 spot and that included NO beer, I was hungry when I left.   We were under the impression it was a German restaurant...NOT! Does urban mean vibe mean no food? You can get a package of brats at the store for a couple bucks, and lettuce and potatoes cost pennies...Unless restaurants give me my $ worth, I will never return.
5	ZOMG!  My cousins booked this place for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding.  Outdoor picnic tables with streamed lights, a wall to spray paint lurve on and the food!  First of all, they catered to our Serbian heritage and made bop chichi.  It was excellent along with roasted chicken, potato schmaltz, salad and the spiciest brats I have ever had.  The dessert also followed Serbian tradition with date cake.  The staff bent over backward in service of drinks.  Beer was tapped, and the wait staff was constantly asking if we wanted wine or any other hard liquor served in glass outdoors.  The setting was perfect for mingling of out of town guests with the wedding families.  It was a wedding in itself.PS Did I mention the pretzels and pickle appetizers!!!!
4	Love this place! Great atmosphere and staff is very knowledgable about their beer, unfortunately not a lot of options for vegetarians on the food menu but other than that would recommend
2	Meh. I get the novelty of the place, but it just wasn't for me. I would say a little overpriced, but location location location. I would charge the same for that area. People will pay it so why not charge it. We are outside and it was a nice atmosphere, but that wasn't enough for me. I had a brat and it was decent, but to be honest I've had better that I've made myself. The hamburger order was wrong that they brought me the first time. They brought me the right burger and it was decent, but not worth the price tag. Their garlic fries on the other hand were pretty delicious.
3	GREAT beer! Everything else was just ok. It was empty when we were there on a  Saturday afternoon which I thought was strange, so perhaps a bit of atmosphere would have enhanced the experience.
1	Just left Brat Haus and will never return.  I used to love this place but just had the worst night of service and food ever.  The patio was crowded and the place was way understaffed.  It took forever to get our drink order in.  The beer came out room temp.  The garlic fries came out next and were cold.  We waited around for the server to return with condiments but he never did.  I had to get up and find him to let him know the fries were cold and we needed condiments.  He brought out condiments and a new order of hot fries.  The new fries were much better.  My date had one bite of her salad and found a large piece of wet paper towel in her salad.  I immediately showed the waiter and he took it away and asked if she wanted another salad.  A food runner came back with a new salad and apologized for the paper towel and told us the salad was organic and came wrapped in towels and he didn't knew how it got in there.  Since they had cleared my food by then and took her salad, she had no silverware.  We waited 5 minutes before a server was in site to ask for more silverware.  The check took forever to come and when our waiter brought it, he told us he comped the salad.  Overall, 7 strikes against Brat Haus for the horrible service and aweful food tonight.  I wish it had been better since I used to love this spot.  Unfortunately, I don't think I will be returning.
1	After posting my review last night, I got this response from the owner.  I appreciate the quick response and I'll gladly go back to meet the owner and give it another shot.  "Sincerely sorry to hear about your experience last night. I'll find out what happened because we truly strive to provide a great experience in both food and service. If you decide to give us another chance, please introduce yourself to me or Kevin the GM, who was out sick last night, and we'll do our best to make up for last nights experience. Thanks for the feedback, we'll use it to get better."
5	I enjoy the staff they are super friendly!  I love the food I'm  half German they've got it down now when they 1st opened it was not this good     Oh by the way the gluten free beer is amazing
4	Service didn't seem to be the strongest suit of Brathaus, at least for my first visit as a party of one. Originally I was given my choice of seating in the outdoor area, only to be asked to move because I had been led to a spot that had been reserved by a large group. No biggie, I'll just slide over somewhere else. After not getting any attention for upwards of 10 minutes, I headed for a seat at the bar. The gentleman at the host station ended up taking care of my first beer as an apology for the lack of attention when I was first seated. So points for that. I have to give Brathaus a lot of credit for an impressive beer list - by no means am I a beer snob, but I appreciate a place that has a number of things I've never tried as well as a good selection of local brews. The brat slider sampler hit the spot and seemed to be a decent indication of what they offer. I certainly wasn't disappointed with the food, even though it was a limited sampling. The pretzel was also tasty as well as serving as a sponge for my beer intake. I'm a bit torn on Brathaus because I think the core product is good but there are some hiccups with service and what was brought out. I saw several beers sent back over questions of quality, and while I understand that restaurants are inherently chaotic, this one seemed to show its chaos more than other places I have been. Maybe I caught them between shifts or just a bit off their game, and I'm willing to forgive that because as I mentioned, I think their core product is pretty good. As they say, you never get a second chance to make a first impression, but I think I'd be willing to give Brathaus another chance. They salvaged a rocky start well, and delivered the goods for which they are known. There's no doubt that it has an appeal, especially for the younger set who want to hang out and hook up in the courtyard once the sun goes down. But for an often single diner in the increasingly competitive Scottsdale and Phoenix metro market, I did leave wondering if it would be a place to which I would return.
4	Who would have thought, a (beer) garden in a desert?! Well, we found one, and we were very pleased.Set back off Scottsdale Road among the few trees and twinkly lights, and a really large Mexican mural, are a handful of tables, high tops and long picnic tables for guests. Considering the location of Brat Haus, I think they did a reasonable job in setting the scene.As far as the food & drink go, you can expect regular german fare like brats, pretzels, potato salad, etc... and a wide variety of beer. My man had the hefeweisen, recommended by our sweet server, and the bartender was able to make me a radler - beer and lemonade mixed together! Splendid!To start we ordered the house-made pretzel that came with yummy sauces. While we waited for our rounds of food we played with the giant Jenga game they had - so much fun! After we snacked on the soft, yet crunchy pretzel our mains arrived. I had the house brat and my man had the moroccan brat, both were juicy and flavorful. We both got the root beer onions as toppings. The onions were extremely sweet, so much that I couldn't finish mine. Next time I would just go with the sauerkraut.Overall, a lovely and refreshing experience.
4	I was here recently for an event. We had the beer and pretzels. I did not have dinner. The back patio was so awesome here. The owner was out there for our event and was very friendly. The pretzels were so awesome and the sauce, that I'd go back for them. I got the San Tan Count Hopula  (sp?) which I loved but when I asked for a second one, it was NOT the same beer. I was very disappointed. I sent it back.  She brought another back and swore it was the Count Hopula but I know that beer. It wasn't. She was adamant. I was disappointed. Pretzels and ambience is 4 stars, waitress and bad beer not so much.
3	My son and I came here for dinner a few nights ago.  It was our second visit since we moved to the valley.  We chose to be seated outside since the weather was finally cool enough to do so.  This time, I ordered the pretzel appetizer.  It was phenomenal.  Best pretzel on the planet.  My son ordered the spicy brat and garlic fries, and I ordered the burger w/cheese and garlic fries, and we both had beer.  The first time we came here, I ordered the burger because the waitress said they grind their own beef and season it their own way.  I was blown away by the flavor, and was so looking forward to the same experience.  This time I was a little let-down as the flavor was very different.  There were visible seeds in the burger that 'popped' when chewed, and I really didn't like that very much.  (I believe they were mustard seeds.)  The fries were great, except they weren't as garlicky as the first time we were there.  We love the buns at Brat Haus - really the best of any restaurant we've visited.  Service was great, and we didn't feel rushed at all.  Our waiter knew his beers.  And the pretzel is terrific.  I'm sure I'll go back, but just for a pretzel and beer.
5	This place is great every time we go. I'm terrible at choosing a beer when there are so many options but the bartenders are very knowledgeable and help me pick the perfect beer every time. There food is also amazing I get a pretzel with the beer cheese every time no matter and of course you have to get a brat. I like the veal with spicy peppers but the duck and date is also amazing. I don't think I will ever stop liking this place.
4	I just think the layout of this place it unique. 2 separate buildings with the patio between. You have to try the fresh warm pretzels with one of the tap beers! The Brat sampler gives you a great chance to sample the Chefs artistry with sausage. This place is like October fest in our back yard.
5	Everything about this place is just yes! The food, the beer, the atmosphere, and friendly service. This is the kind of place we live for. Not to mention, kid friendly for our tot to come along. Will be back!
3	First, let me say, I really wish that I could give this place more than 3 stars.  It is such a cool concept, and the atmosphere is great, but those things don't make a restaurant.  First, though, I will elaborate on my previous statement.  Brat Haus has an awesome outdoor area.  They have large tables, games--including tetherball, which I hadn't seen in years--, and I think they even show movies on the wall sometimes when the weather is nice.  But...The food, for the most part, is nothing to write home about.  The one thing worth mentioning is the pretzel with beer cheese appetizer-- oh my Lord, it is amazing!  It is even better than the pretzel balls with beer cheese down the street at Culinary Dropout, and I thought nothing would beat that.  Oh, and the fries are pretty good.  Unfortunately, though, that's the best that it gets.  The brats are alright.  Actually, I haven't had many of them, but I wasn't thrilled with the one I had, which was just the basic Haus Brat.  I love both duck and veal, but I was very disappointed that those brats both included fennel.  If you're not familiar with fennel, it tastes like licorice.  It can be good in some dishes, but I don't want it in my brats, so I haven't tried those.  I was very excited to try the schnitzel, but it had no taste-- ZERO.  I had it on a sandwich, and it was alright, but then I took the meat off and tasted it, and it tasted like nothing.  So disappointing.  I've also had the Pig Mac, and it's definitely better than the brats or the schnitzel, but still not something that I crave...and it's ridiculously large. Finally, I can't not write about how horrible the service was the last time I went there.  Now, I will say, I don't remember the service being so awful on my previous visits.  However, last time, my party and I almost walked out.  The place was next to empty, and it took 15 minutes for the server to bring our drinks, which included 2 sodas and a water!!  That is ridiculous!  Once we got our food, he made very little effort to check on us for the remainder of our time there.  If those pretzels hadn't been so freakin' amazing, we probably would have left.So, if the weather's nice and you're looking for a cool spot to hang out and drink beer and eat pretzels, then the Brat Haus is probably a safe bet.  Otherwise, I'd skip it.
4	Love the pretzels and mustards.  Brats are great too.  Lots of great beers.  I'm looking forward to the brat taco stand they're opening soon onsite.
5	I've been meaning to try this place since it opened, and I finally got around to it this week. Now I'm mad I waited so long!I have tried many veggie burgers in my life, and I think I may have found "the one." It was so tasty and did a great job staying together. The dressed arugula and pickles on top complimented the burger just so. Usually I find myself drowning veggie burgers in condiments and cheese, but this was great as is. Of course, I had to ask for extra pickles because I'm an unrelenting addict. My husband really liked his gigantic haus brat and loooooved the german potato salad. I also got a small order of fries so I could try out all the condiments kept in the 6-pack cartons on the table. The house made curry ketchup is out of this world good. It was hard to stop stuffing my face. Although this place focuses on beer, the cocktail list is great too. The new fashioned and kentucky mule were delicious and very strong. We like a place that doesn't skimp on the booze!I look forward to coming back so I can try the pretzels and date cake.
3	If I were going somewhere with a group of friends to drink and nibble, this would be the place.  Going with my wife and kid, maybe not the best.  Beer selection was good. Not the best in town but better than your average bar.  Inside bar area was way too small.  I thought the beer selection would be a little more extensive.  Food was okay, didn't wow me (except the sauces were impressive.  Took forever to get our initial order of fries and brat sampler.  It seems to me this place really caters to bigger groups (we were asked to move for one) and doesn't pay too much attention to smaller parties.  Server even complained to us that he has tables in 3 different rooms.   Frankly I went in with really high expectations because I love beer, brats and beer gardens.  I was probably holding the bar a little too high. I do love the outdoor seating and the big community tables.  The way a beer garden should be!  I think the place is still getting its footing and we will try again in a few months!
4	I am so happy Brat Haus has stuck around Old Town. Such a wonderful place with good eats, great beer and a phenomenal patio! We actually love it so much we had our engagement party out back in April.I was fortunate enough to attend an yelp event here some time ago which was my first experience as they were trying to generate some traffic. For a place whose name suggests a very meat centric menu, I was impressed with their vegetarian options. Many events cater to carnivores, and while still fun, it was much more enjoyable to sample a larger variety of the menu. The French fries are delicious and it's totally acceptable if not encouraged to have fries and beer as a complete meal. The pretzels were kind of stale at first taste but I've ordered them since and they were much fresher and softer. The mustard options are plentiful! 6 mustard choices deserves it's own star.The patio truly is one of my favorites in town. Lovely even in the summer (thanks some kind of futuristic uber fan) and provides plenty of entertainment. Our engagement party guests especially loved playing ping pong and tether ball. Our food included veggie sliders, meat sliders, and the kale salad. The veggie sliders were a little underwhelming as far as texture and flavor goes, but overall the food was great. The service is what really soared above expectations. They handled a group of 40 with so much attention and friendliness. I think I may just have my birthday party here as well!
4	This place just keeps growing on me. The Schnitzel Sub is a perfect lunch. And Jaeger Stew is back for the season. Nice.
4	Love the Brat Haus. Great beer selection, relaxed vibe, good food, just a really nice atmosphere......BUT, do not do the pig roast they offer for large parties. Not at all worth what they charge for it, and frankly not that good. We were served frigid cuts of pork from a pig that was supposedly roasted just for us (we never saw it, so with the flavor and temperature we guessed it was left overs from someone else's party). Yes, it was served almost refrigerator cold. It's served on mashed potatoes and mixed veggies that tasted like they came from a can. Just completely disappointing. At $50/person my big group was hoping for a fun, unusual, communal experience, but man, it was like a bad school lunch. Not one person in our party of 25 enjoyed it.Again, I highly recommend the Brat Haus for just about everything else. But I just feel like I have to comment on the pig roast.
2	Kind of a cool place with good service, but unfortunately the food just isn't very good.  My chicken platter was completely dried out and no matter what they call it, that wasn't German potato salad.  Wife ordered the lamb sausage which was way overspiced and cooked hard.  On the plus side, the manager dropped by unbidden and graciously replaced her meal with another very quickly when she commented on it.  The atmosphere indoors was OK except for a kind of punky music track that seemed out of place for people trying to enjoy dinner and friends.  Overall, good potential, but only if they learn to cook.
4	I leek the feel of this place especially in the patio area. It's comfortable and very social as it's festival "bench seating" style but you must be seated by a greeter which is not a problem. the staff is very nice knowledgeable about the food they sell and the beer they serve. I Love to stop by in the day time and enjoy non-crowded parking which is the only issue I have with the location. "limited parking". My impression of what makes this place keep going is the local workers in the area and that they can walk to this after work without the parking hassle (do you get that I'm not happy with the parking yet?)Anyway, to the  food, I love brat sausages. These were really good. I was impressed with the chorizo brat? the unusual side condiments are fun. Today I ordered the "das brat" with sauerkraut and was disappointed that I was served cold sauerkraut and had to send it back to have them heat it up (without hassle I might ad) and they brought it back warmed up nicely. It was fantastic!
5	Everything about this place is amazing! Food is incredible! I recently moved to Seattle and have been searching for a place similar to this and haven't found it yet. I'll keep searching but until then, I guess I'll just have to day dream about Brat Haus' amazing pretzels.. Siiiggghhh.
5	Stopped here for lunch and had an amazing experience.I sat outside in the Biergarten which was a perfect place for lunch. The bartender was covering outside as well as inside but was still out to visit my table quickly. He took the time to explain the menu to me and had an in depth knowledge of the rather large beer list and how the beer would pair with the various brats on the menu.I find it very refreshing to have someone who just doesn't memorize the menu (which is a step above the server who fails to even be familiar with the menu), but actually knows the menu and how the various offerings work together.The food was in line with the great service I received. I especially enjoyed the Belgian Fries.I look forward to my next visit to Brat Haus!
4	Ever been to Germany? Visit this place; it us legit. Food is on par with dishes I ate while stationed in Germany. The pepper jack cheese brat is amazing. The pretzels with beer cheese are money. Great outdoor seating (don't do it in the summer...don't do it!). Beer selection is very nice. A little pricey on some of the selections, but it is Old Town. On occasion I'll order something and it's tapped out...and so us my second selection. Either people are drinking great beer faster than they can refill it or management needs to order a couple of extra kegs. Service is not over the top, in your face, asking how everything tastes every 5 minutes. Appreciated. Managers do a run to ensure everything meets expectations. Smart touch.Stop reading this and go eat there already. Legit.
4	Brat haus is set up great. The big patio with the big tables makes it comfortable and great for a large party. I went to Brat Haus for a friend's birthday who is a beer fanatic; it was perfect in that sense. The server asked perfect questions to know exactly what kind of beer we would like, and made great recommendations. The food to me was so-so. I like sausage just fine, I just wasn't a huge fan of the toppings. I ordered the brat sliders, which came with a sample of 3 brat's with 3 different toppings. I was disappointed. The saving grace for Brat Haus in my eyes was their hot pretzels with cheese (AMAZING), beer and the "hush hush sauce." I also ate a few French fries whom a friend had ordered and they were good. I'd highly recommend this place for a casual dinner, birthday party, or for someone who loves German beer. The prices are great too!
5	I've had two great experiences at Brat Haus. The first was a lunch with some coworkers to scope out the place for a corporate event. We had a great lunch and our server was very knowledgeable about the beer selection and what kinds of beers would pair well with what brats. She also recommended the pretzel with cheese which was amazing. Who doesn't love a good soft pretzel?  Gluten haters, for shame!!My second experience there was for our corporate event. We reserved the patio which is such a great area. They have giant jenga, ping pong, and darts, as well as large overhead heaters and big benches which were very conducive to our guests mingling and moving and having a great time. Kevin, the manager, was awesome and on top of everything. He made sure our party was well staffed with servers, busers, and food runners. He also made sure that the appetizers came out in waves so as our guests were showing up there were always enough munchies. Once everyone arrived our servers started taking orders from our set menu and as people decided they were ready to eat the servers were always prepared to take their dinner order. Once again dinner came out in waves and it was perfect. Everyone mingled, ate, and drank at their leisure. I could not have picked a more perfect and well prepared place for our event. I will definitely be going back there and recommend we do more events at the Brat Haus.
4	Out of towner here, had the chance to come in on a Friday night and here is a breakdown:+2 stars for the location, great, awesome, patio was great to take advantage of the great weather AND it had fantastic games like giant jenga, tether ball, ping pong, etc.+2 stars for the drinks, nothing like good cheap stiff drinks-1 star for the service, the waiter we had was rocking some attitude, very likely just the one guy and not representative of the whole staff
5	Super fun environment, great food & drinks. I can't order anything besides the bacon sliders (with tomato jam) because they are THAT yummy! Only complaint, the tetherball was a lil rough on the hands ;) but, then again where else can you find a tetherball in Old Town?!!
5	Beer, lots of it, and meat in tube form, under one roof???? Where do I begin. The waiter have us some suggestions for beer and we tried the Bell Double IPA. Probably the best beer I've ever had. His suggestions for food were also great. We tried the sliders. All of them were very good. The one that stood out the most was the spicy brat with root beer onion on top. OMG. Just sooooo good. I also ordered the potato salad which was made better by the fried egg on top. Why is everything better with a fried egg on top?I can't wait to come back and try some more new things...
5	Great patio and outdoor area with some fun group games such as giant jenga and ping pong. Service has always been prompt and they have great unique beers to choose from. You'll for sure get the German vibe here just looking at the menu selection and beer choices. This place is great for all types of people because I've been here with work friends, happy hours, brought my parents here and my wife recently did a surprise birthday lunch here with about 10 of my friends! I don't have a favorite thing here yet but the pretzel is delicious and they have some really great sauces to go with some of their appetizers.  The place does get pretty packed during your typical peak hours but what good place doesn't in Old Town. I'm looking forward to trying the chef's new spin off Taco Haus. So that should tell you something, the place is successful enough that they are able to spin off a Mexican version of Brat Haus. Oh and if you're looking for that Oktoberfest any time of the year, you can get das boot filled with your favorite beer. Auf Wiedersehen!
5	Great food, great beer selection!  Really stands out amongst the douchey downtown Scottsdale scene, so glad it is there!
5	As promised - return trip revealed a bun upgrade at Brat Hausa.  The perfect bun upgrade merits that fifth star.  Seriously fun place where they take their ingredients serious.
5	Used to live in Phoenix, was back in town visiting for a wedding and a friend took us here while out for the night in Scottsdale.  What a great find!  My boyfriend was a HUGE fan of the beers--great selection and so many varieties and sizes to choose from.  The food was incredible!!  We started out with the Fundido--the pretzel was so delicious and dipping it in the beer cheese was the perfect compliment.  My boyfriend had the Haus Brat and tried it with the house-made mustards--simply delicious.  I had the Vegan burger, and I have to say it was one of the best vegan burgers I have ever had for a place that is centered around the Pig and all its forms.  So utterly perfect and delicious and everyone that sampled it at the table agreed the flavors were amazing!  We had a basket of fries to share with the dipping sauces.  So scrumptious.  This place is a must-try and a must-revisit!  We didn't get to sit out on the patio because it was reserved but it looked like a great place to hang out with friends--especially with the great Phoenix weather!  The service was spectacular.  The waiter was super-knowledgeable about all of the beers and offered suggestions when my boyfriend was looking for specific types, etc.  He was also great with being honest about suggestions for food on the menu--I really appreciate the honesty from waiters at restaurants.  He was amazing and our entire experience there was amazing.  We will definitely go back the next time we are in AZ and I will definitely recommend it to friends!!
5	Walking in at 6:10 (drat, just missed happy hour which ends at 6:00) I was greeted in a friendly manner by a young man at the front.  After asking where I'd like to sit, he pointed me to the bar when I replied inside.   It was a cloudy and slightly cold day so I figured inside was better than outside.Once inside one of the bartenders greeted me and handed me a menu. I started off with brat sliders and ski, a lemon orange soda that reminded me of mountain dew, but less strong and drinkable.The bar had a decent number of people in it originally, but not to full and slowly got busier as I sat there.   The brats were good, basically you get a 1/2 brat, and the beer selection was quite extensive.  I'm sensitive to hot food and the spicy brat was perfectly edible so I'd warn you it's not "hot" more spiced or flavorful.  I would call this an American Gastropub take on a German beer garden since it isn't the same (I've been to Munich).  However, it will make you happy if you want some Germanish food and beer.  I could tell the guys working the bar cared about the beer.  I overheard a few conversations where one talked about switching a tap/line because they had a cherry beer in there and it lingered a bit and they didn't want to have that ruin someones drink.  I also saw the bartender give the guys who were picking up beer orders some tests (friendly) where he'd give them a smell or taste and they would try to guess which beer was which.Too bad I don't live nearby or I'd come back here.
3	I want to give this place more stars but I just can't. We just came from Germany and yes, we have been to the real HB in Munchen. The set up of a bier garden was great, however, the music they were playing is not at all of German music not to mention the huge colored mexican painting on the wall. Not cool and that threw it all off. Our waitress was great. She was always checking in on us. I would like to comment though that when a couple says "we'll have one more" that it means one more round of two beers, not just one beer.My wife's schnitzel sandwich was very good. Lots of flavor and very interesting. The garlic fries were great as everyone else mentioned. I ordered the brat with sauerkraut. The brat was just weird and dry. Nothing that reminded me of a German brat. The sauerkraut was extremely weird. I have never seen anything like that in my life. I even took a bit of the kraut alone just to see how it tasted. Didn't taste anything like kraut and I was disappointed. I only ate about 3/4 of my brat and that was enough disappointment. They need to fix this. If you've been to Germany and even lived there, you may be disappointed.
4	I've been here twice, once with my dad and for with a company function.Both times I felt the same way. The actual place is great. They have a nice patio with ping pong and tetherball!They also have a great beer selection. Lots of taps and bottles, and they usually have something unique or hard to find. Last time I was there they had one of my favorites, Firestone Double Jack.Also their apps are great! The wings are really good and they might have the best pretzels with cheese I've ever had at a bar.The reason they don't get more stars is I have not really enjoyed much of their actual entrees. I've tried some burgers and brats and nothing was that special that would make me want to eat a meal there.Overall a great place to meet with friends, grab beers and pretzels and then play some games! Just not a place I would want to eat a full meal at again.
5	This is a gem of a place nestled in Old Town Scottsdale. The server was very knowledgable about both their beer menu and food and provided awesome recommendations. The ambiance makes this place either a cozy intimate affair or a fun group gathering. The main seating area is an outdoor pbackyard patio.  If you don't have your own entertainment you can choose from some awesome games of ping pong, teatherball , or try your had at life sized Jenga, it was amazing.  The food and beer were equal to the service received.  I enjoyed the spicy brat with some spicy peppers and probably to most delicious sauerkraut I've ever tasted.  All complimented with a flavorful and smooth German Amber beer. If you haven't checked out this place before I recommend experiencing it for yourself.  This place would be great to host company parties.
5	I can't say enough about this place. The food is incredible the beer selection never disappoints and they have a rotating selection as well. My favorite thing about the Brat Haus though is the service. We are always treated very well. We did a private party for 22 people and paid the extra $20/ person for the all you can drink option. Well worth it. Also, everything is locally sourced and even the mustards are made from scratch. Try the Pig Mac. Incredible.
5	Brat Haus has become a place my friends and I have to go to when we go to Spring Training each year.  This last year we stopped in three times in five days and each time we were met with great service, great food and amazing beer.  The outdoor beer garden is fantastic with tons of room and fun games like giant jenga to play.  I ate the schnitzel and spatzel and it was awesome! My friends are german and absolutely loved the various bratwursts available. Order the pretzels...they are amazing!!A must stop when in Scottsdale!
4	Stopped by here on St. Patrick's Day weekend to cap off the night with a last drink. Our server made a couple suggestions on their drink selection, since it was clear we were newbies in German craft biers. We tried two new craft brews and I really liked mine. However, my friend went with a red ale, and unbeknownst to him, it turned out to be a Sour. When our server came and asked us how we were doing, he remarked to him that he didn't like how tart his beer was. Our server took the beer away and gave us another selection on the house. What I really appreciated is that he ended up complimenting the more expensive beer and charged us the lower amount.Kudos to him for such a great gesture. Minus one star because we had to chase down our server to order in the beginning when it really wasn't very busy...but I think they were trying to shut everything down for closing.
4	This place is great.... the perfect place to enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather with awesome company. The courtyard is big and has cool games like tether ball, ping pong, giant jenga and more, plus lots of seating. However it is not dog-friendly (insert sad face)And, oh, the BEER. If you are a beer fan, you will love this place. Awesome selection of authentic german beers and more. Definitely the best place in old town for GOOD beer, without a doubt. Food is great too. I highly recommend their sliders. The brats are good as well, but I am not a brat connoisseur, so they all kind of taste the same to me (still good though). However, they put them on a great crusty roll and are accompanied by a selection of awesome, high-quality mustards. You get to select one topping to go on your brat as well, and I love the apricot chutney, if you are into the sweeter side of things. Also, been meaning to try this: they have a menu item I believe is called "The Whole Hog." Anywho, the idea is to get 20-ish of your closest friends together and order this item, as it is feeds large groups. Sounds like fun. Anyone done it and enjoyed it?Anyway, great place to hang out, play games, DRINK AWESOME BEER, and enjoy good food. Yay Brat Haus!!!
3	was expecting a very very good dog.  I ordered the pepperjack one per the servers suggestion. It was good but nothing I would come back for. However their desserts were AWESOME! Very nice outdoor seating and jenga to play!
5	Great food, beer and ambiance. Really modern twist on German food! Definite visit next time in the area
5	This place is awesome! I'm not a beer drinker but they have a ton of beers on tap or bottled, as well as a delicious bottled butterscotch root beer. Their fries are amazing, and the brats are great too. The buns really hold everything together well.
5	I wanted to take the time to Thank the Brat Haus for making our wedding rehearsal dinner a remarkable experience. On short notice, one week, they gladly accepted our reservation for 22 people. When we arrived, we were promptly seated and the experience was just amazing. The patio atmosphere is phenomenal for a party such as this.  The menu, while not large, has something for everyone. As a beer snob, I found the beer menu fantastic.The servers were personable and extremely efficient. A great time was had by all and it made our wedding weekend great.Thanks to all at the Brat Haus. Definitely will return!
2	Thought we'd try something new.  Beer menu was great, as was the Dunkelweiss. Sorry to say that the brats were less than satisfactory - tasty, but quite overcooked and very dry.  Apricot chutney and root beer onions... meh.. nothing added any lusciousness to this meal, including the cold, dry saurkraut.
4	Went there for a business get together and had a great time. Sat outside and played the huge Jenga game. Only had pretzels, sliders and other apps but it was all very good.
5	Being married to a woman raised in Germany, I know authentic German food, and this is not. Regardless, it's good. Real good. If you like brats, you'll love this place. I should also note that the outdoor patio is quite nice, on par with the Fillmore Vig downtown. The service? No complaints there either.We shall return.
4	Food is really fresh here. The German potato salad is amazing. Next time I would add the brat and the egg as a meal. I had a traditional brat which was very good however the bun is too big. Don't need that much for a bun. Atmosphere is terrific an Hofbrau Helles on tap is authentic.
5	I really enjoyed this place! The brats were good and had some unique options for toppings that gave it a different flare. The beer was amazing! I had the Hefeweisen, which had this subtle banana flavor, but tasted amazing. I loved the atmosphere of the outdoor patio area. The service was friendly and quick and helpful with recommendations.
5	Group of six of us went for Happy Hour on a Saturday evening.  Even though they were busy we were sat rather quickly within about 10 mins of waiting. You must sit outside before it gets too hot.  Absolutely awesome outside area, large tables, plenty of room it really gives off a beer-garden vibe.  Our waitress was all over it and never missed a beat, she was obviosuly very busy but our drink levels never dipped below halfway before she was back asking if we were ready to try another beer.  She was very knowledgeable of the different beers and menu items to pair them with and offered up samples of beer.  The atmosphere was very comfortable / casual for Scottsdale.  We only had apps with our many beers,   pretzels with cheese  dip, ribs and the brat sliders that we had were amazing.  Everyone in our group was having such a great time we hated to leave for our dinner reservations at Barrio- next time we are staying for dinner!  We are all fans and will be back,  if we didn't live on the Westside we would be here every Friday for the Happy Hour and fun atmosphere!  Great place with awesome food and the waitress we had was outstanding!  The Brat Haus hit all the marks on service, food and ambiance.
4	Really neat little place. Great outdoor space and hipster feeling inside.  Hand crafted artisan brats and beers and the pretzels with beer cheese sauce are awesome. Can't go wrong here.
5	Phenomenal. The people who did Brat Haus and Taco Haus just know their damn stuff. BEST thing you can order is the brat flight, $12 bucks for three different brat samplings and three different beer samplings. You have to love the 5 variations of mustard on every table + curry ketchup. Awesome wait staff. Soo so good.
2	Great service, beer selection, and cozy atmosphere.  Avoid the pretzels and house brats.  Maybe i got an old pretzel but quality control is badly needed there.  Bratwurst was way too modern and did not taste good.  Stick with traditional German food and i will come back.
2	I really wanted to like this place - I truly did, but alas it was not to be.  I'm not a beer lover - but for those that are - they have about a billion beers to choose from.  I did get some delish hard cider.  They also have unusual bottled sodas which are fun to try.  The bartender/waiter was extra nice - good service and someone you could tell cared about his job.  That was the good... unfortunately - that doesn't include any of the food.  The pretzel with cheese was just ok - didn't taste fresh and soft and the cheese sauce was very heavy on the swiss flavor and kind of bland.  We were excited to try the poutine - and VERY disappointed.  The gravy was bland and you could still taste the flour.  It was basically just a $10+ plate of trash.  Hubby had a brat - which he wasn't really impressed with.  I got the Pig Mac - I did like it but not enough to be able to convince hubs to return.  The inside seating is all high tops - and not particularly comfy.  Bottom line - this isn't a place for us - it's a place for people who love beer and horseshoes and don't mind sitting on uncomfy bar stools.  People for whom the food might be a second thought and maybe have beer goggles on while they are eating.
2	Great outdoor place. But we got food poisoned from the saussages. I dont recommend eating them at all. We might come back for a beer, though.
2	We have eaten here several times and actually like their food and beer selections.  And the services has always been pretty good.  So why did I rate them 2 stars?  Because we tried to have our wedding rehearsal dinner here for 30 people and received no response from the manager.  We stopped in one day and spoke with an assitant manager who took all our information and assured us we would hear from the manager, Kevin E., later in the week.  Nope, that didn't happen.  I emailed Kevin.  I tried to call Kevin.  No response.  That is fine if you can't take our reservation and accomodate us, but let us know.  A quick email or phone call would be good customer service.  And it would have changed my 2 star review to a 4 or 5 star review.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for quite some time and Hubs brought me here for my birthday today. Lovely outdoor setting with lots of 4-top tables and picnic tables for larger parties too. There are oversized Jenga sets, a ping-pong table, and a set-up for bean bag toss on this pet-friendly patio. Misters were on lightly and felt wonderful as we start summer here in Phoenix. Service was good and the beer was icy cold. Thanks for making our German favorites - rattlers with fresh lemonade. Menu selections were ample and we took our server's recommendation. The spicy brat was terrific, the lamb brat was excellent, and the veal brat was dry and chewy. Sadness for me as that was my order. The other brats were juicy and delicious but the veal was just blah. French fries were done up crispy good and the German potato salad is an interesting (but tasty) variation on the classic style. The date cake for dessert was a lovely treat. I'd come back but wouldn't get the veal.
4	I ate here about a year ago and had the fried chicken (can't remember the name, perhaps Chicken Schnitzel) and I have been craving it every day since but unfortunately I live too far away to frequent this fine establishment and it looks like they removed it from the menu! Heartbroken but I am sure everything else is just as tasty. The chicken dish was so crispy on the outside and ridiculously juicy on the inside. The flavors are still being dreamed about to this day and I have yet to have another place match this dish. It was served with a large salad which was also tasty but nothing compared to the chicken I can't get out of my head!I sat at the bar and the service was top-notch. A good mix of regulars and new people. If ever they bring back my friend chicken dish, I will definitely be planning a trip to eat here again.
3	A bit disappointed in this place.  The beer selection is really good, I am a beer drinker but really did not find anything I liked on the menu.  The food was ok but not outstanding. I the spicy brat with kraut and peppers.  No real spice, the kraut was bland and the peppers had little flavor. I would not likely come back to this place if I was back visiting.
5	Great for family fun and great food and walking distance to shops ! A 10 or of 10 for flavor fun and atmosphere !
5	Beer, Bags and Music.  Having a 360 degree mister was great.  Even though its in the 100's the patio is nicely shaded and the misters work great!  Pretzels are a must have!
4	Had the beer and brat taster which paired three delicious brats and beers. The food and beer was excellent, although the service was a little slow. The outdoor patio and ambiance made up for it. Family friendly, it is also a great place for a date. Highly recommend!
5	Great food! Great beer selection and an awesome atmosphere! This place is grat for the whole family with invest ice and creative options. This was a recommendation from many people and I have to say I would recommend it to anyone coming to the Scottsdale area! It made me happy to see bells on the beer menu!
5	Second visit!  We couldn't wait to get back here since discovering it on our trip to Scorrsdale last year!  We actually almost ordered the same thing again, since it was so delicious last year.  We started with the in-house made pretzel and cheese dip, and I had a Chimay Cinq Cents and my wife ordered the Wethenstephan hefe since she likes lighter beers.  Both were miraculous to me!  We then followed up with ordering the brat flight, three mini sliders on buns including the Haus brat, topped with sauerkraut, the spicy brat topped with root beer sauteed onions, and the sweet brat topped with spicy red peppers.  Add one of the many choices of mustards in the six pack we had on our table, and you have perfection!  The flight included 4 oz. beers to accompany each slider, and all were perfect pairings.  The bartender Judy had the dining room and bar all to herself and she was friendly, warm and attentive and it was amazing to watch her multi-task.  One again a visit to the Brat Haus was a highlight of our vacation and since we are staying in the area for two weeks once again, we will probably be back next week!  So different and fun with all of the beer and brat choices!  We went early so parking on the street was easy.  (Last year we had a hike going later at night and had to park around the corner illegally 8-})
4	We were here for a birthday party, so we weren't able to get the full effect, but we loved it enough to go back! Their beer selection is great, although some are a little pricey. Those are the more rare beers that they have, but they do have a great variety of everything. The outside misters are a VERY good idea, I love how they are a 360 degree type, never have seen that before. They have mainly community tables as well, which is awesome if you have a big group. They have a giant Jinga game, as well as bags or cornhole as I have heard it be called. Overall a great place to visit, wish we lived closer to Old Town or else we would be there more often!
2	This place is just not that good, I don't know, just saying. The staff was pretty rude and sarcastic, they constantly were asking for our order when I was clearly visually upset and not ready, was having a bad day is all, still I felt rushed. The brat was average, fries were pretty good, but I wouldn't care to have them again. I liked that they had RC and various sodas. Also there's no parking and dumb people block the path out and street by taking pictures, so plan accordingly. ; )
3	Good serviceGood foodI had a spicy brat and an order of poutine.  Both we good.I was disappointed with the poutine in that it was not a true brown gravy like I am used to from trips to Canada but it was still good.The variety of mustards and ketchups they bring to the table are also a nice touch.I used the YELP coupon for the free Nutella when you purchase a pretzel.  Oh yah!  Very tasty.
4	Spicy brat, pretzels and fries were great. Vegan black bean burger wasn't so good. Manager took it off the bill though. Great venue and staff.
3	Empty night in the dead of summer in the backyard. Great for date night as this is what i was dealing with as usual, but in a good way tonight.1. Giant Jenga2. fancy Ping Pong table3. Official 27 foot Cornhole area4. Waitress service in the back.Enough to keep most people happy for a few hours. Leave your Id at bar to get cornbags and ping pong stuff. Good times in Old Town.
4	We took in the World Cup Final here on Sunday with a few friends. The beer selection is off the charts. Loved the San Tan Epicenter. We had the Pretzel with Beer Sauce as well, delicious and good to share. Last we had the Haus Brat and the Spicy Brat. Their homemade sauerkraut was off the charts as a topping. The game was slow but the people and staff were fun and charming. Certainly a place we will be visiting again and again.Only drawback is the size of the bar area - a little cramped.
5	First of all, I love places that have fun thing to do while you're there. I guess I've just never grown out of my child phase. Anyways, my boyfriend and I stopped in after a day drinking excursion in Old town and thought this place looked cool, so we decided to order a beer and check it out. So much room for so many activities!!!! When we stepped outside, there's a couple of games for giant Jenga, corn hole, ping pong and tether ball?! I'm reliving my first year of college with drinking games!I loved the craft beer selection and the service was great. Everyone was very friendly and knowledgeable. We showed up just a few hours after Germany won and played in the World Cup so we heard it was insane. Wish I would of been there for that!Unfortunately I haven't tried any of the food, but I'm coming back because 1. I love pretzels 2. I love Nutella AND ITS A FREE CHECK IN DEAL?!?! Why didn't I redeem this while I was there?!?! Kicking myself.
3	Great food, beer and ambiance. Really modern twist on German.Only problem was the slow service ( waiter was really sweet tho) Received the wrong sausage-ordered the regular but they brought spicy. Didn't see our waiter again for a long while so we were stuck with it Potato salad was very good as well
5	I went here twice in a weekend, after never going before.Huge caveat: this is not a place to go if you want something upscale and chic. This is not someplace you bring your fussy grandma. This is not someplace you'd enjoy if you don't like meat and beer.But I do enjoy meat and beer, so I really enjoyed Brat Haus.What I enjoyed most is their beer selection. It's truly one of the best in the Valley. Their staff is incredibly knowledgeable, which is a must with such an exotic beer list. A problem, sometimes, with these sorts of places is that they're snooty and the staff can be heavy on the beer knowledge, and light on the service quality.Not here. I went first with just me and my date, and all of our food and drinks arrived promptly. The second night, it was much more crowded and we were a semi-drunk rowdy group of fourteen. Our waiter dutifully catered to our requests for more and more drinks, and strange customizations to their food. He also had suggestions for us no matter how unspecific we were. I listed off five or so craft beers I enjoyed, and he suggested a dark IPA that I'd order again (and again) given the chance. My date told him about tastes and styles she likes, and he also had a suggestion she liked. Which is impressive, given that she doesn't really like beer.Their food, by the way, is amazing. I haven't had a brat I haven't loved. Their fries, and the amount of delicious sauces you can have with them, are also worth trying. I had a lamb brat with apricot chutney that was divine, but I was also impressed by my date's original brat and sauerkraut. On the second night, I tried their pretzels (nice and fluffy) and their spicy brat. I was a bit disappointed that it wasn't spicier, but pairing it with toppings heavy on the spice and vinegar pumped it up enough that I was pleased.My increasingly drunken friends and I also appreciated the amount of party games they have on their patio. We played some hacky-sack hole game (it's probably actually called something officially) and giant Jenga. The Jenga especially was a big hit with our impaired hand-eye coordination.I'd be tempted to take a star off for the lack of parking, but I'll keep it there because it's Old Town Scottsdale, and parking is sparse everywhere. You can park in the restaurant next door if they're not super crowded (they're terrible, by the way, so you're not missing anything) or down on second street in the lot next the tattoo shop if you don't mind walking half a block.Also, I can't take a star off a place that managed to completely avoid playing any songs that I hated. Seriously, people, enough with the classic rock Muzak. Sometimes stuff is so inoffensive its offensive.
4	It's pretty delicious and I like the location. I came in here one day while I was waiting for AAA to help with my car so I was a bit stressed and in a hurry so I only ordered a pretzel and I could tell the waitress was a bit annoyed but I plan on coming back for a full meal.
5	Somehow despite hearing about this place before it opened and being excited to try it out, I'd never made it up there until this past weekend. My friends and I stopped in on Saturday afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner and a couple of beers. We were so impressed with everything about this place - from the service, to the menu, to the tap lineup and the ambiance. It really is an amazing place. They had happy hour on a Saturday from 3-5pm so we were lucky enough to be able to partake in those deals ordered the hummus and the pretzel and cheese to munch on along with our first round of drafts. I love that they have the matching glass for every beer they have on tap, really cool added touch. For the main course since it was my first time, I went with the brat flight so I could try several kinds of brats plus I added in the beer pairings to match up. It was only $13 bucks and I highly recommend it. Oh and my friends ordered the garlic fries with all 3 kinds of dipping sauces. Those were awesome too. After all that, the place was cheap too! Love this place, I wish I lived closer so that I could join their Mug Club and really become a regular. Check them out, you're gonna be happy you did :)
5	Best brats in town! Loving the pretzel with all the amazing mustards that go with it :-)
2	I have eaten dinner here twice, each time having to send something back to the kitchen because it wasn't cook correctly (chicken wings served with cold bones and dry meat, fried egg way over cooked,  'Sriracha-butter sauce' is just Sriracha). This bar gets everything else right; environment, beer selection, front of house staff and the menu sounds delish (unfortunately the kitchen is not able to deliver). Go here for beer, only.
2	Have wanted to try this place for a while, so my co-workers and I decided to stop in for an early lunch today. We were the only people in the restaurant for most of our visit. Our server was a very friendly, bearded gentleman, and the food was delicious. Unfortunately, the overall experience was not a good one due to high ticket times. We ordered pretzel appetizers and they took FOREVER. Our server apologized numerous times for this and said that he would take care of them for us. However at the end, the pretzels were still on our bill. The rest of the food arrived in a fairly reasonable amount of time after the pretzels, and was delicious. But by the time we finally got our checks and paid, we had been there for over an hour. It was baffling to me since they weren't busy and I left with a bad taste in my mouth. So disappointed, since I love German food, but I don't think I'll be going back.
2	Not a bad place for a tasty bratwurst and a pint or two of good beer... if you take care and avoid a bartender named Kylee. Tall brunette with the personality of a door knob and the customer service skills to match. She really put a damper on our small group's enjoyment of this place. We phoned and spoke to Mike the General Micro-Manager about our experience some days later and he could have cared less. Way to run a restaurant amigo!Space is very cool with a bar building on one side and the main restaurant on the other side of a driveway... this all topped off by an area courtyard full of wooden picnic tables and an impressive grill. Great set-up.Food was very good. Too many odd German beers on tap however. Establishment would be wise to concentrate on more American craft brews as they are as fresh as can be... and they'd be supporting these operations. Bring back most of the Belgian styles when it's not 107 F outside. Would try this joint again but only if the bartender working really cared about the customer. Will not tolerate this type of indifference from an establishment. Plenty of other restaurants all up and down Scottsdale Road happy to take our business.
5	Attention all meat eaters! This place is phenomenal. We've been here half a dozen times since it opened. We haven't had anything bad. Excellent service. Finger licking food. Best brats in Arizona. We can't wait for it to cool off and sit on their extensive patio! A+
5	What a cool place! Casual fun atmosphere. They have a beautiful patio with games and a great beer selection. The actually have a few beers that are hard to come by so drink up while you're there. The food is simple yet tasty.  I had the curry dish (forget the name) but I enjoyed it very much. I will be back!
1	I feel badly writing this review because my waitress was helpful and very friendly. However, everything else was terrible. The haus brat tastes mostly like dried oregano. The beet salad was very oily and bitter, with way too many wheat berries. The beets were tasteless, which is sad because they're my favorite vegetable. The misters were way too wet and leaky, leaving puddles on our table, food, and drinks  The waitress removed the salad from my bill, but that is not enough to make me go back.
1	What was once a cool concept with a great staff has turned into another failing scottsdale restaurant... Too bad
3	Pretzel with Nutella. Enough Said.The rest of the food is ok, but what really gets you for this place its the outside patio. Do not come here on a hot day, there isn't enough misters or fans it is truly an outdoor patio. But, during the non-summer months, it is a fun place to meet a group of friends. And they have a good beer selection.Great Location, Service is good, Could improve on food but please try that pretzel!
4	I am giving this four star rating for one reason, the bartender named Matt. If that is not his name I will correct it when I go back. And I will. My issues are: very little seating in "cool bar area", and the fact that people, who I think were owners, kept setting things on the counter where I was sitting. Some lady was yelling on the phone next to us in the dining area (sigh) for most of our stay. My food was forgotten in the kitchen, we got wings. They are made with siriachi and actually were very good for being barely warm. We got a bacon blue cheese dressing with them that was excellent. Worth coming back for was watching one amazing man make like a million drinks at full speed with no flaws. And he tastes them all, the sanitary way (don't worry) so that you will be sure o get a great drink. He helped us pick beers that we liked, and he was spot on. I would go every night to watch him. Seriously. Give that man a raise!!!
1	The beer selection is amazing.  That said, worst service I've ever had ever. The wait staff was actually rude.  For the first time in my life we actually cancelled the order and left.  Never again. Btw don't try to move a stool 3 ft left. You'll be attacked by the gestapo.
1	I've heard good food and decent location - service reminds me of visiting Germany. Mean, direct and no interest in having you there. Bartender/manager needs to go back to Berlin.   Totally happy to visit and within 5 minutes I was asking what  I did to offend??  We have amazing Scotttsdale bars and hangouts- this is NOT one of them.
5	Best pretzels ever! Awesome beer garden with a giant Jenga game and corn hole toss game. Big communal tables add to the fun atmosphere. Servers are super helpful finding the perfect beer for you. And again, PRETZELS!!!
4	Went here last night with friends for dinner. This place has a great outdoor patio/Beer Garden where you can enjoy a couple of litters outside on a cool night and have some brats, pretzels and fries. It's a super casual fun atmosphere and they have ping pong, jenga and corn hole that you can play. Will definitely be back. They had a live german band playing which was a nice touch. The food was good. The chorizo brat is extremely spicy so beware!! Overall we had a great night and I will definitely be going back there to relax with friends and enjoy some good beers. They have an outstanding selection so if you are a beer enthusiast you will like this place!
5	This place is awesome. Wonderful draft selection, wonderful service, wonderful ambiance. We stopped by for a couple drinks before dinner and enjoyed sitting outside and listening to the polka band play (I think they are there for Oktoberfest?). There's always a mix of people there (young hipsters, 30 somethings, 20 somethings, families with kids and grandparents), totally welcoming for all. Have had their food before and remember being just satisfied, but as we sat there last night drinking our beers, it smelled delicious. Can't wait to go back for dinner!
4	This is one of the places I miss about Scottsdale after moving out of the state. Great food, awesome personalities, and amazing beer. The garlic fries are to die for! Especially with the Truffle & Sriracha sauces on the side.They do get a bit overwhelmed with the massive amounts of people. My friends had ordered some garlic fries as well and 1 person didn't get garlic on theirs and both orders where cold from sitting for a long while before being served, but we were there on a busy night so it was understandable.if you like low-key places with outdoor seating and awesome food/beer, I highly recommend Brat Haus to any foodie or beer enthusiast.
5	This is quite possibly the best lunch experience I've had in 5 years! I travel a lot and this place is tops! House brat - superb! Great wait staff! Friendly atmosphere, superior beer selection! What more could you ask for!? Nutella pretzel dessert is tops! Great experience!
2	This review is just for the food since we did not drink when we were there.  As a place to drink beer, this is probably a decent spot, but we were joining friends later for drinks so we only drank water with our meal.  The haus brat was nothing to write home about----it was surprisingly average at best.  When I grill a sausage at home it has much more flavor than what I got here.  And for the life of me I could not taste the "Haus Bacon" supposedly in the German Potato Salad.  It was pleasant outside for conversation until the live accordion player began----it wasn't his accordion that made it difficult to talk over, it was the loud amplified bass that he played with so he had to amplify too.  Did it ever occur to anyone that an unamplified solo accordion would be a nice background to conversation rather than a thumping bass which forces everyone to talk louder?  They have a customized ping pong table that look pretty cool.  If we ever come back it will be just to have a pint or two.  I'm not sure what is so "artisanal" about dry brats.
2	So the food is good, but a little pricey. The beer is great, but they have all these lame boot and stein purchase options. Why can't I just drink from a glass boot? Our service was awful. Appetizers came before our beers, and my friend had to ask 3 times where her lemonade was. The waitress did comp us a few items due to the slow service, but I would much rather get the items in proper order and quickly than deal with hassle. Don't think we'll go back.
3	Had lunch at the Brat Haus today. The food was good, but the service was terrible and they were not busy. I had the spicy brat with the sauted rootbeer onions. The fries are fresh and they have a lot of dipping sauces to choose from. This is outdoor patio eating, so I would not come here on a hot day. They do have some outdoor games that kept my kids entertained as it took 30 minutes to whip up 4 brats, fries, a salad and a kids grilled cheese. There are a lot of other options out there to choose from that don't take this long.
5	A deliciously creative and tasty twist on beer garden fare!Loved everything about this place. Fun atmosphere, friendly servers and food that makes me want to join an oompah band.  The pretzel and beer cheese dipping sauce were a chewy, savory start to my meal. It was so good I almost ordered another for my main. Thankfully, I resisted the urge, which was a good thing because it left room for the brat sliders, the Belgian fries with blue cheese dipping sauce and the drunken date cake! Luckily I had a 16 oz hard cider to wash it all down with...This was one of the best casual German dining adventures I have ever had. And that means a lot from a girl named Heidi!
5	Grew up in Germany and saw this place on Yelp. Decided to try it while I was in Tempe for training. I was torn between the schnitzel and Currywurst. I don't get Currywurst very often, so that was what I ordered. Sat inside the bar area. The bartender had excellent customer service skills. Made me feel like I was a regular (it was obvious there were many regulars and I could see why). Currywurst was pretty good. Although I'm a bit partial cuz nothing beats going to any downtown city in Germany and ordering Currywurst from a stand. It was good though... I also ordered the Nutella cheesecake to go; it was awesome! It's a shame I don't drink beer cuz they had an extensive list of beer on draft. Location was nice... Downtown Scottsdale right next door to another bar. They have outdoor seating that makes you feel like you're in a beer tent in Germany. I'm back in town next week, and I'll be sure to come back to try the schnitzel!
3	From the other yelp reviews some of the burgers sounded to good to pass up.We shared the Pig Mac Burger which has a sausage patty with a burger patty along with many condiments.  I also had them include a fried egg along with the house specialty hush hush sauce. The burger sounded better than what it actually tasted. We also got the Brat Burger and an order of garlic fries. The garlic fries were very good and probably the best thing we ordered. We sat outside on a nice Sunday afternoon and was great with a huge patio area.As for the hush hush sauce it is a variation of thousand island. We did not have their specialty items - pretzels,  beer or brats. Overall I liked the idea but seemed like it was a bit missing.
3	Went for the first time on Saturday night.Having eaten great currywurst in Berlin recently, I thought I'd try their version. Disappointed..Sausage was overly spicy and the currywurst sauce was almost non existent. Should have been downing in sauce, not lightly battered in it. However beers were nice, although minimal selection of traditional German beers. Too much USA-made beer on the menu. Staff were nice - had a new girl in training who made every effort. Will go back for a second chance offer to see how they go. Accordion player was fun - lots of cover songs done in traditional umpah style.
5	One of Phoenix area's absolute best. Haus burger is worth stacking double. Seriously is a peace that you should not pass up. I recommend t to EVERYONE that comes in town.
5	Went here for the first time last night and had Riley as our server. We came in about 10:30 and saw they closed at 11, but Riley couldn't have been any nicer about making us feel like we could stay and enjoy ourselves. He recommended a great hefe that I would go back for, and the pretzel was pretty good. It was definitely the service that would bring me back here for another beer!
5	Had the pepper jack brat with garlic fries and Patato salad! Everthing about the food and condiments was delicious... I'll definitely be back!
5	Brat Haus continues to be one of my favorite go-to's in the Old Town Scottsdale area. Their serious love for all meats encased and ridiculous love for mustard (and German beer) is enough to keep this place on my list to take visitors and friends alike. The brats are delicious. Any choice is a sure winner, but my favorite is the spicy wurst with root beer onions on top - a great combo of a little savory/spicy/sweet that is so good. If it's your first time Id suggest the brat and beer flight, where you get to sample three different kinds of brats plus three five ounce beer tasters. It's kind of awesome. Their pretzels are perfect. I think right now they have a yelp deal where if you check in you get a pretzel with a side of Nutella. They're just so good and crunchy and soft. Also the fries - get them. And get the hush hush sauce (or the chipotle aioli, or the Sriracha aioli...), you won't regret it!Did I mention the patio? Guys. The patio. The outdoor space is giant, with lots of options from big long picnic style tables to small two-tops, peppered with trees, heaters and misters that make it the perfect phoenix patio. They're ready for you whether you have a group of two or twenty - definitely check it out!
5	The burger, pretzels, and brats are soo delicious! I love this place, the atmosphere is so fun and laid back. The have a bunch of games to play too.
3	Great food and beer menu. Giant pretzel was great appetizer for our party of 6. Waitress was SLOWWWW, took her time and never went out of her way. Restaurant was NOT busy at all, shouldn't have taken that long.
5	Definitely didn't expect this place to be so awesome! Great atmosphere and the quality of the food just makes this place even better. We had the Pig Mac burger and Sweet Brat with fries and loved all of it. I plan on returning sometime soon to try the pretzel.
5	i never consider this place to eat because the name implies "meat only" and i don't eat any meat. shame on me.met a buddy here for a few beers from their well rounded beer list. i chose a flight of 4  5oz pours for 12 bucks. tried beers i've never had before (and 2 that i would never again!). but the kicker was the burger...the veggie burger!it was homemade, huge, and delicious. so flavorful and even moist. the bun was huge, but i didn't eat the bun anyway, just the patty. one of the best veggie burgers i've ever eaten. my buddy got the same thing plus an order of the garlic fries with 4 different sauces. i had a few and had to forcefully stop myself from eating more!they were so crunchily tasty.the service was perfect, very relaxed but attentive. but the outdoor dining is the best part. it is family style seating, as would be in the beer houses of Germany. so on a busy night, you might sit with folks you don't know....awesome! there are heat lamps and a huge firepit for cold nights. they have cornhole off to the side and a 2000 dollar ping pong table!!!! suhweeet!prices are great for the substance of food. and i hear the pretzels are phenomenal!
5	Why not stop for the best brat in town and enjoy the yard , games and atmosphere .. Choice of drinks is endless and if you love garlic fries so far the best in Az I have had . Aoli sauces are superb. It is a quaint place with that neighborhood get together atmosphere. They also host bbq parties .. Not cheap though but prob worth it. Would love to have my 50th here
4	Great  beer, friendly service, small menu. Wonderful place to go watch the game! We'll be back!
3	Nice outdoor patio for enjoying the AZ winter!  Great waiter; very helpful and friendly. If you like German and European beers this is the place to come because they have a great selection!  We had a pretzel appetizer which was great. Also tried the Brats which were uniquely favored (ever had a brat with chorizo?) and tasty. However the hot wings were so-so and too hot to eat. This was probably my fault for ordering wings at a German themed restaurant!  I'd definitely come back here though. Great place for happy hours.
5	Was just walking my dog around old town around 3 on a wed. when a friend text to meet up for a drink, I yelped "dog friendly" and ended up at Brat Haus, where the staff (everyone I connected with), the atmosphere (beautiful patio w/ beer hall picnic tables), and the happy hour on spaten were all tremendous.  A great addition to Scottsdale, I'll be back w/ more amigos to be sure.  Thx much - ps can't wait to try the food, under specialties was a tri-tip sandwich w/ my name all over it
4	5/5 for beer selection, 3/5 for food - 4/5 for ambience .....Awesome Biergarten feel.!I thought the previous reviewers misjudged the food a bit - but I completely agree now.Had the schnitzel & a half liter of HB.. Kids had the schnitzel fingers & fries, wife enjoyed a pretzel and weihenstephan hefe...  IMHO - the gravy served with the schnitzel is....  Umm.   "Meh"....   Bring in a mushroom / "jaeger" style sauce & it would jump...  WAY up in flavor...  And it would compliment the hot potato salad immeasurably..   (Well, that's an exaggeration - I'd bump it one full star for sure...).  I do plan to return. Gotta get that 5 star combo....  :)
3	The name of the place can be intimidating if you don't like bratwursts, but there are definitely other options! I ordered the southwest chicken brat, which had a great combination of spices, but I wasn't really impressed. My brother ordered fried chicken, the special for the night. It included one piece of dark meat and one piece of white  meat on a bed of roasted brussel sprouts and potatoes. It was delicious!Overall, I would definitely say the environment and beer trumps the food. The outside is well lit and fenced off with picnic tables all around the place. They have two large Jenga games and cornhole, so it makes it a fun place to be!
5	My favorite place to grab a beer in Scottsdale. Have a pretzel for sure! Fresh with great mustards to try.
4	Found this place here on Yelp, and what a find. Great beer selection, and excellent food. We got the bacon burger sliders for an appetizer, which were amazing. The kids devoured the pretzel and garlic fries. My wife had the Haus brat and I had the Pepperjack brat with sauerkraut, which was homemade and amazing. The whole family also had a great time playing the games out in the courtyard. We played giant jenga, corn hole and ping pong. We loved the food and just overall had a great time. We'll definitely be back when we're back in Scottsdale!
5	My favorite place to watch football and have great food with friends! Try the tri-trip, the ribs are amazing and the 25 craft beers on tap fit every beer lovers taste!!!
4	Great atmosphere! A fantastic open patio with heaters, for the cold Arizona nights. A nice small bar atmosphere with 2 HD TV's for your viewing pleasure. The Craft beer selection is amazing, great for the person that enjoys A variety of craft brew! Their Happy Hour is one of the best in the area. 2 bucks off their craft brews and a great deal on appetizer eats. All in all, The Brat Haus is one to put on your list. Whether your in AZ visiting or a local. You're sure to miss out if you don't check out this German style pub and eatery...  p.s. They offer top not service! - Check it out
4	Stopped in for a casual drink at Bru Haus (the bar connected to Brat Haus) after a day of hiking on a rather chilly day and this place was invitingly cozy and simple. My husband found the craft beer selection decent (we're from St. Louis which is one of the leading microbrew snob towns now, apparently). I had a malbec, the bill was reasonable, service attentive but not overbearing and the tables were filled but not crowded. Atmosphere was happy but not excited/loud, even though most patrons seemed really invested in the Oregon football game playing out on the TV. We'dug this place as a casual stop after a day of exploring the nearby parks.Didn't try any food as we had reservations at another restaurant in a few hours, but was pleasantly surprised about wandering in at happy hour ;)
5	Great place to hang out.  We sat in the bar and had awesome service.  Food is AMAZING. outside seating looks great in warmer weather!
