4	Small, comfy cafe-style restaurant just above the casino. Even better because I had a 2-4-1 entree which made our meal even cheaper. Good food. If you are in the are and want big & good casual eats, this is a great spot. Open 24/7
3	This is a relatively small diner at the Four Queens, upstairs overlooking the casino.  Our party of three was seated quickly.  The server was friendly and efficient, but spoke very broken English and was difficult to understand.I felt the menu choices were somewhat limited.  We ordered one prime rib special ($7.95) with players club card, one french dip sandwich, and one reuben sandwich.  My reuben was tasty, but a little dry, served with mediocre fries.I used an American Casino Guide coupon (buy one, get one free entree), which reduced the total, with soft drinks, to only $23.  Overall, I'd say this is a decent, average place to grab a quick bite to eat, but nothing outstanding.
4	This is a 24 hour restaurant in the 4 Queens hotel.  It overlooks the casino.  They make an excellent rib eye steak.  The soup that comes with their meals are good (I had the seafood gumbo).  The salad is fine.  The steamed vegetables are OK., but lacks al dente. The service is fast and efficient.  The seafood they serve is mediocre. If you stick to the steak or beef you will do fine.  It should be noted that unlike other restaurants, the waiter's responsibility is to take orders for food and serve the food.  The waiter does not collect the check and give change, or serve water or beverages.  The English challenged workers serve water only, and the customer pays at the cashier.  This is to promote efficiency and increase throughput. I would definitely come to this restaurant again for the rib eye.  Nice decor and atmosphere, and good customer service.
4	We wanted to go to the 777 buffet at the Plaza. But of course as luck would have it (like my joke?), it's no longer there and the buffet is more expensive and it was closed. We walked up and down Fremont Street, every buffet was either $30 or closed. Finally, I was about to faint, we walked in the Four Queens and I saw prime rib! I said hell ya! We're eating here! The prime rib was wonderful. It was tender and juicy. Yummy mashed potatoes. A nice little salad, great bread! Oh it was sooo good. My fellow peeps had teryaki chicken (also good) and country fried steak....ooohhh boy. Everything was amazing. And such a surprise because it was totally unexpected because this place is such a I-play-slots-all-night-long-that-I-blow-my-paycheck-and-need-food-at-one am-and-i-am-going-to-play-again-after cafe. Open 24 hours.
2	It was late and we had barely eaten all day.  After buying the giant , FOOTBALL of booze, we decided that we wanted a proper greasy spoon breakfast.  We ended up in line at this establishment.The wait took a while.  It turns out that there was no host/hostess, so a waitress was doing double duty.  She was hustling too.  When we got seated, we had to wait a bit for some service.  As it turns out, the whole seating chart and which waiter was taking which tables was a total clusterf*ck.  The hostess/waitress ended up taking our order eventually.We each ordered the same thing: scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, and sourdough toast.  All the food turned out as expected minus the bacon.  It was dropped in a deep fat fryer and incenerated to the point where it was chalk-like.  Not edible at all.  But the rest of the meal was decent.The bussers were slow and dimwits.  If someone tells you to bring 2 glasses of water of to our table, don't worry about putting them on a tray and gingerly walking them over.  Use your hands, pal!  Plus, they often started cleaning tables, but never seemed to finish.  This added to the whole "line to be seated" chaos.Bah...look, if you are starving, eat here.  But there are several other places on Fremont Street that can feed you...better.
4	I come here just for the steak special. $8 with player's club discount, and $10 w/o or after midnight. Either is a good deal. It's not the best steak you'll ever eat, but it is good and quite filling. It usually comes with mashed potatoes or a baked potato, green beans or some kind of small veggie, and soup or salad. I always get the salad, the Italian dressing is really good. The first time I got the steak I ordered it medium rare (how I like it) and got something more like rare. Basically order a level up of what you really want- I order medium and it's just bloody enough. I did order the biscuits and gravy side once, and it was not great but not bad. This is really a middle of the road kind of place, regarding the food. I am tempted to try something new every time, but always go back to the steak special.Service is good. Even when it's busy we are seated rather quickly, and our servers don't take long and always come around to see how we are doing. I really love sitting in the booths closest to the casino. It's just far enough away from the casino environment while still being able to people watch easily. There is also a larger back room if you want the restaurant feeling. If you want a decent meal at decent prices, ANY time day or night, go here.
2	I know I'm picky & expect too much sometimes. Maybe I didn't try the right thing here. I had the grilled cheese. It was alright, not great, but okay.The coffee was watery. The floors were disgusting (well it was carpet!) and the service was awful. When I tried to order food from who I thought our server was she stared at me as if she was having a conniption fit and she scared me.I hate it when they send 4 different people to a table and you don't know who's who, it's so confusing.
4	I got pulled in by the $9.95 prime rib dinner. Man, was I pleasantly surprised. Not the best prime rib I've ever had but it definitely was better than foo foo prime rib I've had at a lot of weddings. It came with a salad, rolls, choice of potato (I selected baked) and a vegetable of the day which happened to be a zucchini, squash, tomato mix. Not bad, I would've preferred something green though. 2 prime rib dinners, a glass of wine (which they bring out an airport size bottle - ha!), and an iced tea which got refilled 4 times was $25. Can't beat that! Waitresses are no nonesense. Those refilling water and bringing bread do not have a good grasp of English. Oh well. If you're a Player Club member, I think the prime rib is $7.95 each. There are other deals too. I looked around at tables nearby and many people were ordering sandwiches for dinner.  Different crowd than what you would find on the Strip.
3	i like comming here to eat sometimes   they have good skirt steak  it's a new orleans   style restaurant  with some hawaii foods on the  menu but the atmosphere gets a D and service C but the food gets a C+.
2	This is the essence of Vegas. The first place we ate after a long drive from LA. We got a 2 for 1 dinner so we used it. For a breakfast and a sandwich it was $13 with tip. No one with a personality who works there, mostly just trying to clear tables and get people in and out. Of course this was my first impression of downtown and wow was it a confidence booster. I'm a people watcher for sure so this may sound mean but I mean really, come here if you want to feel thin and beautiful because there is nothing short of over weight, tragic people that eat here.
4	I stopped in at this place with 2 other friends on our last night in Vegas while cruising around downtown, trying to kill time before our flight which was early the next day.  We decided to get a meal here thanks to Prime Rib meal price but decided to get the player's club card too late.  Still, the non-player's club price was cheap & you really can't go wrong.  The service was ok, but then again it was Friday night, so we expected it to be busy.  The wait staff was fairly attentive & took care of us.  Overall, considering that we mostly wanted to kill an hour or so of the evening, we got a good meal, conversation & cheap but decent eats!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Magnolia's. It doesn't look like much, but we had a great meal there. The Four Queens gave us a buy one get one entree coupon for signing up for their players club, so me and my boyfriend each got the "fried neptunes platter". Whoah. It was A LOT of food. Two large fried fish filets, two large crab cakes, three large fried tiger shrimp, mashed potatoes, salad, tartar sauce and some other chipotle-esque sauce. It was very yummy and a really good value. We stuffed ourselves and couldn't finish our meal. Service was also very friendly. If you want some casual seafood on the fly, check it out.
2	Hmmmmm, there really wasn't anything else downtown and the joint next door was closed. Lol but it did the job for what it is. Between 4 of us we got a  burger, chicken wings, chicken sandwiches and a steak. Dinner at 11 pm, maybe not such a good idea.
4	I had the prime rib dinner and it was good. I also had the coupon which makes it even better. I'd come back again however I gotta try other places since I don't live here. The main waiter could be alittle nicer though,NOTE: This review is based on a visit in Dec. 2009
4	$7.95 Prime Rib w/ players card is a pretty awesome deal.  We came here last week and even received a better deal, B1G1 free entree.  The prime rib was really good and they cooked it perfectly.  The side dishes that came with it however, were a little sort of "nursing home like."  Tiny carrots and just a small piece of burnt, overcooked baked potato (usually your choice of potato).  Honestly, for $7.95, it wasn't bad at all.  I was pretty satisfied it.  I recommend anyone visiting downtown LV to try this place out.
4	From a mezzanine overlooking the Four Queens Casino, Magnolia's offers good food around the clock. I enjoyed breakfast here both mornings during my visit. The portions are generous and delicious. With most breakfast combos priced at about $6 to $8 Magnolia's has something for everyone. I enjoyed eggs, corned beef hash, hash brown potatoes, and toast morning one and eggs, bacon, hash browns, bacon, and an English muffin morning two. Breakfast, orange juice, and coffee were about $13 each morning. Along with the good food, the friendly service and prompt coffee refills provided a great start to the day.
3	Magnolia's Veranda is not a bad dinner for the price. Skip the seafood selections on the menu.  Stick to the steaks, prime rib, hamburgers and fries.  You can't good wrong with those items.
3	Good and cheap food downtown. This place is good for what it is. A cafe in a casino, you don't expect much, but they have some pretty great deals to choose from. My fella got the prime rib meal and I stole a few bites from him! Pretty good for the price and service is quite attentive.One great thing to note is that you can order from Chicago Brewing Company in the diner, which is a huge plus! Make sure you get a rewards card to take advantage of their 24 hour dining specials and your first meal is a BOGO!Definitely above average diner food.
4	We were downtown and got a players card at the Four Queens, with that you received a 2-4-1 coupon at this cafe. We decided to try the prime rib, the salad dressing was great!  The service was friendly, I can say the whole meal was scrumptious and we had a great time!
4	Went here twice to eat during my last LV trip, since it was conveniently located (we stayed at The Cal), open late (the first time was the night we arrived in LV, followed by the second time when we returned from our road trip in Cabazon, CA), and very inexpensive (we had two 2-for-1 coupons).On both occasions, I ordered off the breakfast menu (since I love breakfast food).  My friend had meat entrees, one of them being the prime rib special (not sure about the other one).  We both thought the service as well as the food were more than adequate for the price.Most of all, I like the fact that the restaurant overlooks the casino floor.  I have a short attention span, especially when I'm waiting for food to arrive, so the view helped the time pass quickly.
4	This is place is more comfort type food, it's good but not good for you. I am a huge fan of the country fried steak and eggs. We tried the prime rib special, it was pretty okay for the cost. Great friendly service. For the price it's worth it, we made this our breakfast spot for our stay.
1	Yelp 365 Challenge - Review 011/365 (8/11/2011)Really wish I didn't have to update my review but sorry Magnolia's, you lost a fan.  Here's the facts of my third visit:1.  No one spoke to me or my friend while we waited to be seated.  We were the only ones in line, yet not even the cashier (who was less than a foot away from us) acknowledged that we were standing there.2.  For some reason, the restaurant required ALL the waiters / waitresses (that I spotted...and there were many) to focus only on clearing off a group table of more or less 10 seats.  They were each taking away two empty plates at a time, max.Lessons learned:I had realistic expectations of Magnolia's based on my previous two visits.  It's far from fine dining, but I liked it for what (I thought) it was - unpretentious, casual and pleasant.  If just one of the employees had actually taken a mere five seconds to look one of us in the eye to say "Hello, someone will seat you soon," such a small but powerful gesture of good customer service would have made a world of difference.  I'm sure I wouldn't have minded waiting there for even longer than we did (which, BTW, was already too long).  For some reason though, despite being employed in the food service industry, none of them had the ability to multi-task.We ended up not eating here, and I personally never will eat here again. I was actually looking forward to coming back because of the convenient location as well as decent prices but ... oh well.  Guess it's time to move on.  =(
3	Decent place in old downtown Vegas for a reasonably priced American breakfast/brunch.  Most breakfasts can be had for the $6.25 - $7 range (ex coffee, which is about $2.25 per cup).   This place is located in the Four Queens casino.  Parking in the old downtown area is generally via validated garage parking.  We also found this area to be a nice, refreshing getaway from the hustle, bustle, and vastness (and extravagant expense) of the Strip.
4	Pretty solid values on the menu here, as opposed to some of the outdoor and open-to-the-street vendors on the rest of the street...I got the $5.50 breakfast special, which was two eggs, a pretty generous portion of hash browns, and your choice of toast, english muffins, or biscuits (chose the latter). It took a little while to get out, but I was passing the time with friends, and the food tasted pretty good even though I had eaten earlier.It's not spectacular, but you could get much worse if you're hanging out downtown.
4	I had 2 for 1 coupons so I came for dinner and breakfast.The prime rib was awesome! cooked to perfection, my husband had the burger and liked it, and for breakfast  I loved the biscuits! very yummy!! the eggs and bacon were fine, my husband got the new york steak and eggs, he asked for well done and got medium rare, but he still ate it. staff was nice! gotta love the coupons!
4	very good food and friendly service which makes the experience worthwhile. the prices are decent, the service is quick, and it hits the spot. does anyone under 30, staying downtown, really give a s**t as to the decor, ambiance or star rating when all you need is something to help aid with the hangover?
3	Good price for the food. I had my prime rib medium well and it was on the dry side. A lot of food for a cheap price.
4	This is Old School Vegas, or as close as you can get now. The Prime Rib special is delicious and reasonably priced.  You won't find anything on the strip this good for under $10. The breakfast is also a good deal, with huge portions. The service is friendly, although the atmosphere is leftover from the mid 1980s. A small price to pay for a good meal.
1	Was in a hurry for a cheapie meal. Had to ask wait staff to bring us water and set-ups. Food was adequate at best. Won't be going back. Their are other cheap eats downtown with better appeal.
5	Wow!  A million times better breakfast than the crappy buffet yesterday. Walked down here on a whim, and it was the BEST BREAKFAST. Wife had eggs Benedict which were amazing and I had Chicken Fried Steak and eggs, which was wonderful. Didn't care for the biscuit, I should have ordered it with toast. Hands down, the best cup of coffee in the area.  We will be back!
3	Super tastey minestrone soup! Ccarlos was our waiter and he was great. The portion sizes are friggin huge! I got a greek salad and could only finish half. Good beer! I got all nighter and it tates just like neer beer which I love haha =) overall we could have gone to dennys but it was cute and I was satisfied!
4	Got a coupon for a 2-for-1 dinner, which made our prime rib & half rack ribs come out to $15 total including tax. Each entree comes with either soup or salad. Their jambalaya is pretty good. The prime rib according to my boyfriend was really good, cooked perfect, except the waiter kept forgetting about us and we had to ask for the horseradish sauce multiple times. By the time he brought it, the prime rib was gone. The ribs were really good, a little crispy on the outside, really tender on the inside.The only downside is this place is right by the casino upstairs. If you're sitting in certain parts of the restaurant, you're exposed to the cigarette stink coming from the gamblers in the casino.
4	Great value and excellent food. Spaghetti and meatballs tasted authentic and only $6.25! Their gumbo with white rice was also excellent. For a great meal at an affordable price on Fremont Street, you can't go wrong with this place.
1	3 1/2 stars for Magnolia's? Surely we're kidding here. I wrote in my Four Queens review that people must be in a parallel universe to rate Four Queens so low, but perhaps I've crossed over to the other side as I think Magnolia's is rated way too high. Where to begin? With service of course and the service here quite frankly sucked. From the long line to get in to the lack of attention from my server...that is when I finally got one to empty ice tea glasses to problems with punching in the numbers on the credit card machine and being overcharged 2x, service here taxes the definition of the word. If you can get past the service hell the food is "old school Vegas" and this is not expressed as a term of endearment. When you have a menu that covers such a wide swath from burgers to Maryland crab cakes, what you get is not a lot of things done well but a lot of things that are just made barely palatable. How hard is it to mess up a simple burger? Magnolia's managed to do it, and they served us a burger that tasted like corrugated cardboard. And those Maryland Crab Cakes must have been a box of Sysco's finest but that had been almost forgotten about in the back of the freezer for months. Bleech! The group I was with couldn't wait to get the heck out of this place, but when they can't even accept proper payment and you end up throwing cash at them in hopes that maybe they can figure out how to handle that you have the basics for a 1 star review. Even if you sign up for a player's card and get a free meal here, some things are not even worth being free. Magnolia's is one of those things.
3	Burger was cooked just the way I liked it. Ceasar salad was huge. Nice place we sat over looking the casino floor so we were able to people watch. Tbone steak special was $14.99. A deal!!
2	Never again...  After a long day of traveling, I selected Magnolia's for dinner just for convenience sake since its located in the Four Queens. The Portuguese Sausage was a disappointment.  However, I'm not a huge dinner sausage person so thought maybe it was my bad.  The next morning, my dad was drinking coffee at Magnolias waiting for me to get ready.  For breakfast, I ordered the Breakfast Burrito. Gross doesn't even describe this burrito. It ltasted like cardboard.  Two bites and then I threw in the towel.  Please note my parents raised me not the waste food.  It's a very rare occasion for me to throw so much food away.The reason for the 2 stars is fast service, nice wait staff, and my dad liked the ribs he ordered for dinner.
3	Decent breakfast spot. The hairnets are a little creepy.
3	Just checked in the hotel & wanting to have dinner, went here based on convenience. Ordered Loco Moco, it was ok for someone who's hungry! HA!  Too tired to go anywhere else to have a late dinner and I just wanted to have a great night sleeping to have a better day tomorrow.But of course to compare my food (Loco Moco) to what I had tasted from other establishments....this Loco Moco definitely needs a little flavor.
3	Not the greatest service but sure they have some killer burgers in here and belive it or not a 24/7 joint aint that easy to find in Las Vegas these days, esp. not downtown.This is one of the few places in vegas that serves Coca Cola and not Pepsi.
4	Don't be afraid of the outdated look of this casino and restaurant. Yes it reminds me on an old coffee shop...but their $10 prime rib...WOW! I am not a fan of the prime rib and the only place i liked it from was Cesar's Palace. This was better. Enjoy the fremont street experience and some prime rib. PS...dont get the appetizer sampler. Cost more than the prime rib and was not good.
4	Went there for my B-day, the service & food were great.  Was even surprised to get a two for one for my b-day treat.  It was a nice bonus, being a disabled marine, some places make me uncomfotable, not here, they were great.Next visit i want to try Hugo Cellar, but need to save money for that place.  :)
4	We stopped for dinner at this place after checking out the Fremont Street Experience, and we were pretty happy with the food.  Both of my girls ordered pancakes for dinner and they were pretty good, in particular the blueberry pancakes.  They are huge, the size of a regular dinner plate, so of course none of them could finish their portion (I had anticipated this, so I dined on their leftovers).My husband had the ribeye dinner ($14, I think) and he enjoyed the soup (a liquidy jambalaya) that came with it.  The ribeye wasn't as thick I'd like it, but it was perfectly cooked medium rare and it had a great flavor.  The mashed potatoes were also good.  Service was very friendly and efficient.In all, it was a great dining experience - made better by the fact that we got a coupon for $10 of bonus play when signing up for a players' card and we won $24 on the poker machines - which paid for most of the dinner.The only minus was the fact that the restaurant is open to the casino floor below and therefore the smoke flows right in.  Still, I'd go again.  Make sure to get a players' card first, as there are many specials for cardholders.
3	I stay at the 4 Queens many times and have eaten here.   It's a basic diner.  I think they do a good breakfast here.  However, found the Prime Rib serving sizes to be smaller (if you want a big slice of Prime Rib, hit the Gold Spike restaurant which is $3.00 cheaper, but doesn't come with soup or salad).Had the ribs here and they are just okay.It is hit or miss on service -- depends on how bitter the staff is that day.  Get a 4 Queens club card for a discount.
2	Had breakfast here when we stayed at the 4 Queens, it was ok. We had to send the meal back the first time as the eggs were still raw. There was nothing really beyond average. Service was less than average. I was waiting for my gf to get there, the servers were constantly there, "ready to order yet?" Uhm, no waiting for someone... Then when we sent back the food to be cooked properly, they gave us attitude. Not a whole lot else to say,.
4	Good prime rib special, if you are a member of the casino club, free.  Hawaiian breakfast available moco loco, spam and eggs, Porteguese sausage.  Sometimes a bit of a line, but it moves quickly.  You can get the house brewed beers, thier "velvet" stout is quite good.  Not fancy, but more of a coffee shop.
5	Located on the second floor of The Four Queens Hotel & Casino, this was a pleasant dining experience overlooking the casino, with attentive waiters and waitresses; has an "outdoorsy" appeal to mimick al-fresco, with outside lamps indoors and brick archways. The "Chicago style" {Al Capone} deep-pan pizza is recommended. Italian Cuisine.
1	The manager was extremely rude to my husband and I. She belittled us for asking to sit in a particular area and I over heard her talking to her staff in a ridiculous manner in which she was making them feel stupid and unimportant. Needless to say we left immediately and will not return due to the way this establishment is ran.
3	Decently priced prime-rib. You get $2 off if you join the players club. Service was very attentive, the soup wasn't great, but the price was worth it.
3	I somehow end up eating here a lot when I am in Vegas.  Probably because there is almost never a wait, and prices are good.  I almost always enjoy the food, and sure, I may be drunk a lot of the time, but I've eaten here sober too and enjoyed it.  Chicken fried steak is surprisingly good, prime rib isn't bad at all.  Service varies.  Conveniently located off the casino floor at the Four Queens.
3	The cafe/restaurant is located in the 4 Queens Casino and Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas.The prices are very affordable and portions are huge! Basically the size of the food is what you expect to be served to linebackers. Definitely bang for your buck.Over 3 days we had lunch here and everyday we had the gumbo soup.  And it's served in a giant saucer plate that is pretty deep too, you can almost have it as an entree!  I also had the chef's salad (again a huge helping) and cheese steak as well. Full disclosure we were comped for the food, so all we paid was tip.Even if it wasn't for free I would eat there.  Huge portions, good price and decent quality.
3	- Even at 11 am Sat/4 May it had a surprisingly long line but the food wasn't anything special.- Service was good.
2	My cousin plus her married couple friends were in town the past few days. My husband and I met up with them Downtown to enjoy Fremont Street and to get some quick, cheap "old Vegas style" dinner. We meandered around trying to find a steak and lobster special, but we realized that deal didn't happen until 9 PM and we were hungry. We noticed the "9.95" prime rib special at Magnolia's, which is located in the Four Queens so we decided, hey why not. The place is definitely old school. But it's also a casino cafe trying desperately to be kind of like a diner. It's odd. Either be a cafe or a diner. There is a subtle difference and Magnolia's does not blend it well. Also, Magnolia's offers Hawaiian food, which I was surprised by - a Hawaiian skirt steak special and a Loco Moco. Interesting.Also of note is the fact that we were definitely the youngest people there by far. I had to navigate around walkers to get through the entrance. No, I am not joking or being funny. Seriously. I had to walk around walkers to get to my table.Onward - the food.All of us ordered the same thing - Prime Rib Special, which comes with a potato side and a serving vegetables. It was green beans when we were there. I ordered mine medium and it came out decent. There was quite a bit of fat, but overall the meat was not bad. It is certainly a lot food. I did not finish my plate. In fact, none of us did. So, for the price, I guess it is worth it if you are looking for that Vegas-y cheap protein meal type thing. BEWARE - you only get the special pricing if you have a player's club card, which none of us had until we specifically asked if we were getting the right price. Had we not asked, we would have never known and would have been charged $11.95. Lame. Why not just come out and say it? You have to have a player's club card prime rib. There. Service - Pretty dang bad. Hence my super low rating. Paired with the ambiance and the oldness of the place and the "eh, okay food". But man, service was weird. Our server was nice, but we could barely understand him. Our drinks weren't refilled and we were brought our lemons instead of limes on two occasions. Lastly, the cashier was horribly rude when we went up and asked to split the check. She kept saying, "You want to split down the middle?" And we were like, no. We want it completely split. Look, it was only five people not 15. Split the freaking check! She also snatched the receipt out of my hand twice during the process.I could forgive Magnolia's for being old and just take it as what it is - an old Vegas restaurant, it's an experience! But the service and haughty attitude of the cashier and the hostess was really off-putting. If you're going to run this kind of establishment where your food is mediocre, your service could at least be nicer. Just my two cents.
2	Good food and prices are the only reason it gets two stars. Customer service sucks big time not to mention I definitely was the youngest in the place.I went to the lady to be seated and she looks down and without welcoming me asks "how many?" I already knew the bad reviews were going to be confirmed.I sit and watch most of the servers not smiling so one lady comes to me and takes my drink order. When she brings it, I proceed to give her my food order and she sd my sever will take that. Strange. A minute later, someone takes my order and she gave very little eye contact.Good was good but glad I didn't eat too much bc I tipped under the standard 20%. When my food was brought and when my check was brought I didn't get a thank u or a smile. The only one who was friendly was the one who takes the money on the way out. Customer service is definitely everything. I definitely won't be back.
3	If you're looking for a cheap, fast, no frills meal you have come to the right place.  Was craving a good meal (not dennys) and decided to take the deuce to downtown and I remember seeing this place before, but being a Thursday morning there was not wait.Pancakes where fluffy and delicious, hash browns crispy, and eggs good.  The ham steak looked a lil suspect, but still good.  Oh and loved the coffee.  Service was fast and I love how you pay up front.
3	This place is pretty OK in my book.  The hubs and I usually eat here once since we usually stay at the Four Queens.  I had the spicy fried chicken salad which was good.  It was mixed romaine and iceberg lettuce but it was cool and crispy and hit the spot.  The hubs had an omelet which he said was good.  The food wasn't anything special but was satisfying.The weird thing that I have to comment on is that it wasn't busy in there but there were a bunch of tables that were not cleared.  In my line of vision there were 3 unbussed tables that were not cleared until we were getting ready to leave.  The workers there did not seem to be concerned about it at all.  Maybe I'm a neat freak but that bothered me a bit - it looked messy and unprofessional.Other than that it was fine and dandy.  I'm sure if we are staying at the 4Queens we'll be back.
1	No no and more no.  After watching the light show we needed food and stumbled in here.  The food was subpar and they couldn't seem to cook a steak right no matter how many times it was sent back.  Top that with wait staff who didn't know what we were saying, or didn't care??  Finally the manager agreed to take some off the bill for the inconvenience and took off a whopping $2.50 for a party of 4 with steaks all around.  Nice.  Not going to be returning there.
5	Finally found my prime rib restaurant. Service was great, fast and attentive. Prime rib was prepared perfectly, flavorful and was served with REAL horseradish, LOVE IT. Veggie were subpar, but the mashed potatoes were very good along with my draft beer to wash it all down with. $ 7.95 with a 4 Queens players card. Recommend this place, watched the casino floor while sitting from the second floor.(see photo). Enjoy
2	Seriously, if I am to gamble at your casino and eat at your restaurant, then I had not better have veggies that came out of a can! The prime rib was terrific, but the veggies were strange tasting (like a little soapy).PREPARE FRESH VEGGIES AS A SIDE DISH! Green beans, brocolli, brussell sprouts.
3	ENJOY THE  USDA CHOICE RIBEYE STEAK for $11.95 Magnolia's Veranda in the 4Queens casino in the old strip! 24/7 A-ok Beef Beef Beef ! If you love it nice and pink this is your place !!
3	Magnolia's Veranda is Four Queens Hotel & Casino's version of a casino's 24 hour cafe restaurant.  They serve your typical breakfast to dinner menu items, plus whatever is on their specials of the day chalk board.The cost is very reasonable, food is decent but no frills, perfect for satiating your hunger without breaking the smallest of small bankrolls.When I met with my friend who was visiting Downtown Las Vegas for dinner, we came here (he had the 2-for-1 voucher for new reward card members) to try their prime ribs dinner.  It was decent, the portion was respectable, and is one of the lowest cost prime ribs dinner that you can find at a Vegas casino. Would I drive out of my way here just for the food?  No.  But if I am here already and just needs a clean sit down place to eat at, this is a perfectly cool restaurant to abate my hunger pains with a relative quickness.With their rewards card, you can take advantage of even more discount on their dining specials.There might be a line here during meal times, but it moved pretty quickly.  Service is quick, efficient, just like the speed in which food is prepared and served from the kitchen.  They definitely want to feed you and get you back onto the casino floor as quickly as possible.Hurray for affordable food at a casino!
4	Good food, friendly staff, & price is right!!
3	I have dined here twice. My first time was at 2AM with some friends. There were only 3 or 4 other tables and service was awful. Food was bad. We ordered a burger and my stomach felt bad immediately after. The more recent time was a couple of weeks ago after my husband and I caught the Mike Hammer Comedy Magic Show. We signed up for a players card beforehand and received a buy 1 get 1 free entree, so we both opted for the prime rib.The prime rib was decent for being essentially $6/each with our B1G1. The veggies were pretty gross and I opted for chili on top of my potato which I thought was a good idea. It was "award winning", although the win was likely from when they opened in 1966. The service both times were very short. The lady drops off water, gets your order, then drops off your check. No pleasantries, no anything, but it was surprisingly packed for dinner. I don't think I'll be back to Magnolia's unless I'm stuck downtown and there is nothing else open, but for what I got the second time around (prime rib), it was worth it. I would definitely never touch a burger again, especially at 2AM.
4	Great prime rib for the price. Good house beer
3	Magnolia's Veranda is the Four Queen's cafe.  It is located just above the casino floor and above Hugo's Cellar.  It is small, but you can usually get in without waiting too long, which is always a plus.The service is average.  You can usually get your drinks, order in, and food out pretty fast, it just is from grumpy servers.  I have been several times and each time no one ever seems happy. Everything else goes pretty smoothly though in the service department. The menu is your usual casino cafe menu with a 24 breakfast menu, common sandwiches, dinner entrees, and even a Hawaiian food section.  Everything I have tried has been pretty good.  The Reuben and the French Dip both seem to be really tasty.  The prices are reasonable and you will be full when you are done.  We almost always have leftovers.So it is an ok cafe, with good food at great prices.  Not bad for a casino cafe!
2	We came here on a Sunday evening and ordered 1.  Half Ribs, 13.992.  2 Herb chicken breast, 11.99 $18 (Used a BOGO entree. You get it when you become a new member at 4 Queens)- In 4 Queens. - Seated right away. Although they were a bit busy, they work fast. - Salad similar to a 99cent bag at a grocery store but with a small tomato and chopped onions. - Soup was very salty, which was expected, especially from the sausage. - Half ribs were tasty. But not like LongHorn Casino ribs. - SIde beans were untouchable. unappetizing. - Baked potato only available starting at 4pm. I suggest that you get it. - French fries were ordinary. Not too fresh. The taste of warm fries sitting on a oven. - Veggies taste like it's from a can. - Chicken herb was pretty good. Chicken was cooked thoroughly, but a bit tough. I added a bit more salt to the chicken to make it taste just right for me. - Typical dine-in casino restaurant. Same feel as Grand Cafe at a Station Casino. - I'd come only with a coupon
2	This restaurant is pretty decent when you have a coupon, or if you go for their late night specials, but other than that I wouldn't recommend spending your money here.We stopped in during our latest visit to Vegas because we got a 2 for 1 coupon when we signed up for a Four Queens players club card.  The breakfast food was average quality but worth the discount.The service, however, was painfully slow.  They did come to our table immediately after we sat down, but naturally we weren't ready to order right then and there.  We probably should have decided quickly and ordered then because we proceeded to wait 15-20 minutes for the waiter to come back.  It wasn't just our table either, we noticed a few other customers looking around and asking each other where the servers were.Overall, I will probably return here since they do have good late night specials, but I will likely never come in here during normal hours and pay full price.
3	The food was super average quality, super average coffee shop pricing. The servers were very warm, attentive and kind.
3	Get a Royal Players Card for awesome food deals! As your first time...you will get a 2-for-1 deal. No coupon or discount can be combined with a member card use though.  We ordered a rib plate ($12), but  with our voucher. It was definitely an offer to hard to pass up. We had four huge ribs slathered with bbq sauce, that fell off the bones, with a side of (what seemed to be nuked) veggies medley and a choice of either mash potatoes or french fries. It took 15-20 mins for our food to come out. The food, and service was good. The loudness of the casino was a bit distracting though.
2	Horrible presentation and customer service is mediocre food was alright nothing out of the ordinary but the price is fair.  I would definitely look for a different place next time
3	All around average greasy spoon with some vintage charm. The hubby and I came here for breakfast on the day of our arrival and the day of our departure. The food fills the hole, but there is not much flavor or creativity per dish.Day 1-Arrival: We ordered the breakfast special for 5.99, which came with two eggs cooked to your liking, 2 pieces of toast of your preference and hash browns. The hash browns would have been amazing if they fried some onion in there, otherwise it was pretty flavorless.Day 2-Departure: We ordered a pancake dish that came with eggs and we substituted the meat for hash browns. On top of that, we also ordered french toast with eggs and hash browns in substitute to the meat. It was A-OK!Service has always been great when we have dined in. I mean the hostess can look a bit pissed at times, but our waiters have always been patient and quick. I also really like the fact that the floor staff also have to wear hair nets. Advice for future dinners--Do not expect fine dinning, its just your average greasy spoon, with average food.
5	I am NOT giving this 5 stars because of the food. The food is *eh* at best. I can throw together a nicer meal after working 12 hours, being half dead on my feet with a screaming toddler. BUT, you can not beat the service and the friendliness of this place. Yes, it's outdated. The carpet and seats need trashed and torn down. We stumbled on this when my mom saw a sign for a 1/2 rack of ribs dinner special, all your sides for blah blah. A lady standing there (a customer) went on about the ribs, she had them last night...blah blah. We signed up for the players card and CHING CHING CHING it was in my mom's birthday month so she automatically got a free dinner. Sure we were worried about cockroaches and Hepatitis C but it was a good spot and the food was pretty darn good. We've eaten at a lot of places downtown that were horrible. This was decent.
4	This restaurant located on the ....well....veranda.....inside the Four Queens....offers a variety type menu and is open 24 hours....They have a blackboard special which gives discounts to Royal Club Members.....Timing is important here....I got there at the right time with no line, ( around 4 PM )and was waited on immediately....and served just a short time later...I ordered the Prime Rib "special", which came with a salad and choice of potatoes (I chose mashed), and broccoli...I was asked if I wanted the Horseradish...which is good in that ya don't wanna be surprised....I had to request rolls...apparently they are not served automatically...As I left , I noticed a long line running down the steps and toward the Casino...(very popular place)...and once again timing is important....Especially for dinner....
3	Decent for breakfast! There is always a line to eat here which baffles me because there are always empty tables.  I suspect they like having a line that leads down the stairs.  Service is decent, but the food does take awhile to arrive.  I got the French Quarters breakfast which included bread, eggs, bacon and hash browns.  The bacon was overcooked and the bread was super hard.  Hash browns were pretty greasy but they tasted good.Alright for the price!
1	Customer service sucked. Just wanted to place an order to go the waitress and host had us waiting forever they didn't want to help us. I wasn't every excited about ordering from there in the first place because it doesn't look to clean in the inside. We left with out ordering.
3	Dinner? Check. Breakfast? Check. If you need a meal while staying/visiting the Fremont Street area, Magnolias at the Four Queens is a great classic casino cafe. Service is fast and friendly and the food is good. We've been a number of times and will be back again in the future.
4	Was here twice between August 1-4, 2014. Service was a little slow one night but they were busy. Had country fried steak and eggs one night and the gumbo and cheese burger the next time. Both meals were very good. Good value. I've had there rib eye special in the past and it's good as well. Try it you won't be disappointed. I will return.
4	We found this little place at 5am. The staff was polite and friendly, even during the shift change. We were ballers on a budget and the wife was not super hungry. She got a side order of hash browns that were simply ok.I got the pancakes and they were super! Huge, fluffy and crisp on the outside. Honestly, they were some of the best pancakes I have ever had. The coffee was decent and the cups were very large. In all, my breakfast was simple but if was really done right.
3	Customer service was terrible. Waitress asks me "Are you done with your plate?" As I proceeded to talk to tell her I wanted a Togo box she walked away in the middle of my sentence and didn't come back for another 20 min. Food was okay at best. Best thing about the place was the prices were very cheap.
3	A nice little place on Fremont at the Four Queens if you are looking for an average meal at a good price. My Hubs and I thought we would try it after several expensive meals on The Strip. Being a member of the Royal Players Club you can get $9.99 prime rib meal with the fixings or take advantage of several different specials night or day. The service is great and the food is good. Be careful, they have 3 kinds of cringe worthy wine and they all come in those little airplane size bottles. Yes, they crack 'em right at the table for you! ;-)There can be some major line ups during peaks times but they keep it moving along so ultimately it isn't a huge wait time.This restaurant needs a major, overall, physical re haul as it is dated and worn out. Be careful when you sit down! I got quite a surprise when I sat down on a bench at our booth. After my ego recovered and was able to crack a few jokes with our dining neighbours our meal was taken care of by the very apologetic Manager. I would have preferred to pay and not have fallen.
5	Stumbled here by accident because I was depressed, having a bad day, and wanted to be alone. Haha... anyways, the $9.99 prime rib dinner, which came with soup/salad, vegetables and potatoes was what attracted me to eat here unplanned. Nothing special about how the restaurant looks, however, I had the best Prime Rib dinner ever. I would pay 3 times as much for that meal. It almost just melts in your mouth with an explosion of flavorful delight. I love this place due to its price, and deliciousness of the food. Oh and did I mention? Great, fast service too from the employees. Although I still hated everyone after I got home, I still went home happy. If that makes any sense. HahaI have since returned to this restaurant and brought along others with me to enjoy that deliciousness of a prime rib. And enjoy we did.No joke, as I write this review, im tempted to visit that restaurant once again. Im hungry.
2	My friends and I were really hungry and not wanting to drive anywhere, decided to eat here since we were already at the Four Queens. Plus most of them were drunk. One of my friends asked me to read the reviews on Yelp first but my other friends were too hungry to even care and kinda herded us into the restaurant. Plus there was a special on Prime Rib and most of the guys wanted to eat that.The restaurant ambience is like the 80s and a bit tired looking. The servers were kind of slow. I couldn't figure out if our server was being sarcastic or joking when she talked to us. She came across as being brash & not friendly. Oh and btw, she added 18% on to all of our checks which I get because we had 8 people but it still would've been nice if she mentioned it. I ordered the New York and asked for it to be cooked medium. My bestie ordered the same thing. Hers came out just as requested but mine came out beyond well done. I cut it from the end and took a bite thinking that the ends would be a little well done. By the second bite I knew it was beyond over cooked. I was sawing away & getting no where. Decided to cut down the middle and as you can see from my picture it's well done. I don't like sending food back but in this case I just had to because there was no way I was going to eat it & certainly wasn't going to pay for it.I gave it to one of the servers who took it back and said they would make another one but I declined. I asked her to take it off my check. My bestie shared her meal with me. Our server came over and told me I was right it was over cooked & she didn't blame me for sending it back. She also said she never saw a steak so over cooked. I was a bit confused at her comment because she came across as being sarcastic. I couldn't tell if she was appeasing me or being rude. The New York that I shared with my bestie didn't have any flavor. I don't like adding salt to my steak after it's been cooked. I always feel that a well cooked steak doesn't need steak sauce or salt but I had to add salt & so did my bestie. My friends who ordered the prime rib enjoyed their meal. One friend ordered a taco salad. She said it was ok but had too much lettuce. It was pretty big too.Don't think I'll be eating here again. The reviews here are mixed so maybe we went on an off night. Either way, I suggest passing this place up & going somewhere else.
1	If I could give negative stars , I would.Let me start by saying what a mess this place is. We went in after walking around for some food, around midnight.2 out of 4 plates of food had a disgusting hair in it!!! Ewwww!When I confronted a manager I got a huge attitude & was told ' Most' cooks wear hairnets?!? Most?!? So gross! I would never step foot back in this s&@t hole ever again! As a local I am completely offended & would never recommend this place to any local or visitor. The only good thing was the poor waiter was really nice , but super busy. We took care of him & made them comp our check.
5	This is the place to be! Everytime we are in Vegas we eat here. Today was no different and we actually decided to stay another night just so we can have dinner here again for the 2nd time this weekend.  Our server Vernon was working it. He zipped and zoomed through the restaurant serving everyone timely and gave each customer personal attention at the same time.  He was awesome.  The prime rib is the best ever!! For only 9.99 you can't beat it.  It's definitely worth a lot more. We enjoy it as we also enjoy coming to Magnolias time after time.
3	Really good food here!!! We've been here 4 times. The Hawaiian steaks and prime rib were delicious!! The only problems are the wait for a table (sometimes up to half an hour standing in line), the chintzy shrimp cocktails, and the bland biscuits and gravy - everything else has been great. Service has always been good.
