4	I like the servers at my local NY delicatessen to be like they are at Scott's Generations:* Surly 60 years old ladies* Low on convo* High on service* Standard WTF look accompanied with an occasional  "I'm not amused" look.I came here for breakfast again the other day and it was hopping with singles, retirees and families.  You walk in and seat yourself. The place is your typical strip mall storefront that stretches back lengthwise with a next door addition. On one side you'll find a series of naughahyde booths and on the other side you'll find the cash register, kitchen, deli counter where you can order fat free bialys, Hanukkah cookies, gefilte fish, latkes or side salads and luncheon meats by the pound. Breakfast here is dirt cheap. The breakfast sandwich is $4.  Eggs, hamsteak, home fries (sauteed with seasoning and grilled onions) and a bagel is $5 something.  Surly little old lady servers take your order and shout it into the kitchen - all old school and stuff.  Once my friend (who dislikes bell peppers) ordered the corned beef hash skillet and was disappointed to see bell peppers in the hash. We told the server and she brought out an entirely new dish, with new eggs and home fries.  No sigh. No face. No questions asked. Lunch and dinner looks pretty good - an extensive selection of sandwiches and traditional deli favorites.  Haven't had it though.  I can't seem to make it there by the geriatric last dinner time of 5 pm and 8 pm throughout the week (!)Food here is probably 3.5 stars.  Service here is a solid 4 stars.
3	I feel basically the same way as Stevey; one problem, we had a roach crawl across the table and behind the picture frame on the wall (although, it wasn't too bad... the picture was of a heavily mulleted Italian man circa 1981, though I see that being insult to injury to those less appreciative of bad 80's fashion) last time. BIG turn off. The man won't go there with me anymore. I can't find a better chocolate egg cream though...
4	4.5 stars... Minus a 1/2 star for the fact that I only experienced take-out and the fact that the kreplach in my soup didn't taste right.  Other than that, this is my new favorite place to get matzo ball soup.  The broth tasted just as good if not better than any I've had before.  The combination of vegetables, dill, seasoning, and fresh chicken soothed my sore throat instantly and warmed me up too!The menu is HUGE and the cases full of knishes, bagels, rugalach, muffins, smoked fish and more were impressive for the valley.  I noted that they have a section on the menu called "On The Liter Side" for those that are calorie or carb conscious.  I also noticed that they'll make egg white omelettes upon request (and for an additional $1).I'll have to return to Scott's Generations when I'm feeling better and my appetite is back to normal.  Hopefully that will be soon thanks to the soup I enjoyed today!
5	For me, Scott's Generations is the epitome of comfort food. Last week I felt really crummy, and the only think that made me feel better was a piping hot cup of matzoh ball soup and a crispy potato latke with applesauce. When I'm feeling right as rain, I indulge with their New Yorker sandwich: corned beef, pastrami and coleslaw on yummy rye bread .... It's amazing. Scott's even impressed my New York born-and-raised mother (while Chompie's does not).
5	Likely one of the top deli's in the entire valley. I had heard this place had a great reputation, and they definitely lived up to it.The pastrami and ruben are both amazing, even the fries are good. Plus, you just have to try their black and white cookies (I was too full and took one home). Service was brisk, pricing is reasonable, and the atmosphere is quaint, old-school.Thank god for little gems like this surviving in the "Tempe Marketplace", "Mesa Riverview" chain megatropolis we live in.
4	We have eaten here several times and always happy with the food and service. The last time we went everything was off, very dry meat which has never happened before. SO this will not keep me away as it must have been an off day.
4	Scott's has become one of the go-to places on our list of Sunday breakfast spots. The food is great, the service is good, and the brownies are to die for. You won't find anything fancy here- the food is simple, wholesome and tasty. The french toast is perfect. I was informed by one of our breakfast crew that the chorizo is way too spicy, but I don't know why you'd order chorizo in a Jewish deli when there are so many other good things on the menu. On my last visit, I had a veggie omelet. That thing was as big as my head, served with yummy potatoes, and provided two tasty breakfasts. Whatever Scott's lacks in style, they make up for in cheese. Holy hell, was there cheese. Not a bad thing, just a little overwhelming. The brownies are to die for. I haven't tasted a better brownie since...well, I just can't remember. Scott's brownies are cakey, perfectly moist, slathered in a not-too-sweet frosting, and they're HUGE. Give Scott's a try. The menu is large enough that there really is something for everyone. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
5	Holy mother of sandwiches. I travel to Chicago a lot, and was spoiled years ago by a place called Perry's Deli on Roosevelt and Clark. I only get to go 2 or 3 times a year but I have their hot Pastrami every time I go at least once. I have tried Pastrami sandwiches all over Phoenix and have never been able to find anything that touches Perry's. I went to Katz', another place on Central and Camelback, as well as a few others on the westside. Finally on a recommendation by a colleage of mine I went to Scott's and it was almost... almost what Perry's was. The meat was high quality and extremely generous, probably the biggest sandwich I've seen in these parts. Everything about the sandwiches there was perfect. My only gripe, and this is just personal preference is that delis/sandwich shops should not be waiter service. I want to order at the counter, go through a cafeteria line, and pay at the end, you know, east coast style. They also close at 8pm, so dinner is cut off early. I wholeheartedly recommend this place for lunch, its unreal how good it is.
5	They have the best corn beef in Phoenix.  I haven't found a place like Scott's anywhere in Phoenix or the surrounding cities.
4	One of the best deli's in Phoenix. Great food all around. Everyone is so nice and friendly, definitely worth a visit!
3	I can only comment on the breakfast although I'd like to come back for lunch as the deli seemed great.  I had the Kelly's "American" toast which is french toast made with challah, and a side of bacon.  The french toast was too much for even my heavyweight appetite to consume.  It was very tasty, richer and chewier because of the challah.  The bacon was thick, high-quality meaty bacon.  Not a fan of the orange juice, definitely from concentrate.  Also, I don't care for eating on or drinking from plastic as you do here.  I'm not a germaphobe, but it seems like it wouldn't get as clean.  Very casual, seat yourself.  Don't be put off if you walk in and don't see any tables by the deli.  Look to your right.  There's a whole other room where we found plenty of seating.  We enjoyed looking at some of the photos on the wall, all taken in New York.  Would come again if in the neighborhood.
4	My husband and I ate breakfast here last Sunday and were not disappointed. The place wasn't too busy so it was easy to walk in and grab a table. I ordered the hash mash which is corned beef, scrambled eggs, potatoes and cheese in a skillet. It was very filling and delicious. However they did put way too much cheese on top and after a while it become too much. I would order the hash mash again, minus the cheese.My husband ordered pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were big and fluffy and the bacon was thick and tasty, not fatty and floppy.I looked at the other items on the menu and everything else sounds great. Lots of deli sandwiches, soups and their desserts look very yummy.I plan to check them out for lunch or dinner sometime as well as coming back for breakfast.
4	Ate here kind of randomly on New Year's Day, and it was pretty great!  I was looking for a hangover solution and the food here really hit the spot.  Great selection of breakfast items and friendly service.  The southern scramble that I had was delish.  The coffee flowed as readily as the wine had on the previous evening, so I walked out of Scott's ready to face the new year (right after the nap that I planned).  Also, sitting outside was some of the most interesting people watching I had experienced in years.
1	Very disappointing.  I was looking forward to a lox breakfast, but I don't eat farmed salmon.  So of course I had to ask if the lox was from farmed or wild salmon.  The server checked with the kitchen and it is farmed!  No lox for me.  I then asked about the chicken livers; "are they organic?"  I thought the waitress was going to burst out laughing but she quickly composed herself and just lightly shook her head.  Okay, I'm a fuss bucket, I just can't eat nitrates, hormones, preservatives, etc.  I ordered a bagel and wished I had just gone to TJ and picked up some wild Alaskan lox, organic eggs, organic bread, organic butter and I would have gotten it all for the price of their lox & eggs breakfast plate with plenty of quality food stuffs for 4 other meals.  I think this place is past it's due date, old school, no growth and just getting by on low grade food stock and laughing all the way to the bank.
4	Heard about this place, ran in to check it out and see what it's all about. Ran into a former classmate of mine from back in culinary school. Small world...I sat myself for lunch, was immediately greeted and had my drink order taken. I had the hot pastrami on pumpernickel. It came with 2 homemade pickles cut in half and a small portion of coleslaw. Sandwich with side was $12. Not too bad considering it had probably 10oz of meat on it. Very good sandwich, and it rivaled Chompies. I look forward to eating their more often.. maybe for breakfast.. if I get  up that early..
3	Been here enough including several times since I started reviewing on yelp but have held back...today, I'm busting it out.I have a lifetime of eating in various Jewish deli's in Chicago, Florida and Arizona and Scott's is typical, not exceptional but certainly a restaurant where food is decent, portions are excessive and pricing is never a bargain.So I have no particular gripes and I would recommend the place to others who are looking for good chicken noodle/matzah ball soup or a massive corned beef or pastrami sandwich. For this you cannot go wrong here.
4	starve yourself all day, get really baked, and then go to scotts and order one of their giant, mouth watering, tender sandwhiches.the sandwhiches are generously loaded with so many different kinds of meat choices you're bound to find something that meets your needs. i'm a big corned beef eater, so i choose the pastrami, corned beef, and turkey sandwhich. my friend ordered the philly cheese.  both were terrific. the fries were crisp and delicious. the coleslaw was some of the best i've had. i also picked up some rugelach in every flavor- so sweet, soft, and delicious - try the chocolate raspberry, you can't go wrong.we were the only ones in there on a saturday afternoon which was a little weird but made for an easy going dining experience. the interior is reminiscent of many jewish delis back east, with seinfeld playing on the tv and pictures of the owner's family filling the walls.i'm a sandwhich whore and will definately be coming back for more.
4	I love family owned restaurants and will gladly try any place that isn't a franchise.  I was very surprised to go in on a Saturday morning and the place was bustling with activity and lots of diners, all of whom looked to be regulars and quite happy with their morning blintz or eggs.  I ordered a pumperdine bagel with lox, cream cheese and onions and it was top notch and piled high with lox.  Delicious.  Love the deli pickles, very authentic, not your normal over vinegared store brand.  I would love to go back soon, after seeing their list of smoked fish...I love a good deli with fish choices and I can't wait to also try a corned beef sandwich.
4	I have to assume this is what a good Jewish deli and restaurant is all about.  The prices are reasonable and you get enough to fill you up. I almost always end up taking something home.  No "the food was like poison and the portions were so small!"  They have a menu with more of a selection than I would expect for being a smaller place.  You can always find the day's paper to read and they do have outside seating.  The service is pleasant, not the type you get in a chain place.  Maybe it doesn't have the ambiance of some places but it's homey and clean and I appreciate that.  They also have take out. Usually I take something home with me from the deli.I will deal with the craziness of the reversible lanes on 7th Street to go here!
5	Scott is here almost all the time. I've eaten at Scott's since they opened and have never been disappointed. Scott makes the best LEO (lox, eggs & onions) in Phoenix, has lox spread to die for, and is picky about his bagel supplier. I love the knishes and smoked fishes. He even remembers I don't eat meat. This is also my go-to place for a take-out brunch spread.
5	What a great lunch!  I had the pastrami sandwich on rye and it was HUGE and perfect--- I've had pastrami sandwiches all over the state and I think Scott's is my favorite, second is Carnegie in NY.  I didn't order any sides but my lunch buddies did and the fries were good.  Fruit was so-so-- Scott's isn't really the fruit side kinda place.Service was quick (which is great on a work day!), friendly and the place as busy but not overly crowded.   The deli cases looked really good on the way out too!
4	For the love of god and all that is holy this is a feast! So one of my fellow yelpers recommended Scott's and today I was searching for somewhere to eat. Hmmm I decided on Scott's after looking at the pics. I thought holy cow that looks fantastic! Beware objects are larger than they appear in the pictures! I ordered the Philly with fries. This samich was very good, the steak was tender and juicy the veggies grilled just right and the roll was perfection. I had to take away one star. Sorry Scott fans. The fries were under cooked. They are fat fries and need a little TLC mine were still very firm in the middle. The portion is ginormous! I couldn't finish a 4th of it! This will be a splitter next time for sure! I will be back soon!
3	Dined here a few times for breakfast and lunch. Nothing to be too impressed by. The food is generally greasy, the tables dirty, and the service definitely lack-luster. The only reason I went in the first place was because my friend bragged about how awesome the place was. I left unimpressed.
5	if i have errands in the neighborhood i always stop at scott's. a rueben or new yorker always makes me happy. since they expanded the dining room it is much easier to score a table, too.
4	i will never go back to don and charlies just for the chopped liver. scott's generation (did not got a five star cause the name sounds like a gym in the late 80s where all the  bullies from middle school work out at) has some kick ass clthis chopped liver just put its knees on don and charlies' chopped liver's shoulders and then let its spit hang and then instead of sucking the spit back up just let it hang there for days.the scottswich was tasty mctasterson too
4	My turkey club sandwich was bigger than my mouth. I'm still not sure how I was able to eat it, but I did and it filled me up for the rest of the day. My fiancee ordered a side of gravy for our fries, da-licious. This place is jumping at lunch time and the menu is just as big as the sandwiches are.
5	I'm going to do something I've never done before with this review. I'm going to actually review while eating the food for the very first time. That's right, I just got home from Scott's Generation after waking up on a girlfriend's couch with a brutal hangover and a huge craving for matzo ball soup and chopped liver. I picked up a to-go order, and they're sitting in front of me right now, eagerly awaiting my noshing session.Right now, Scott's Generation is happily sitting at 5 stars. The employee handling my to-go order was awesome and seemed amused at my hangover remedy. Despite the fact that I love challah like a brother and could eat chopped liver for breakfast lunch and dinner, my parents insist I am not of Jewish heritage. However, there's never been an official paternity test, so I'm still holding out hope. On to the food!The soup is fantastic! Lots of chunky veggies and chicken in a very tasty broth. The matzo balls are large with good texture. I would prefer a bit more seasoning, but I won't deduct a star because for all I know I'm just an Italian schmuck who doesn't know what a true matzo ball should taste like. But yeah, seasoning is good.Opening my bagel chips and...wtf? Is that a cinnamon raisin bagel chip! Sorry, deducting a star. Bagel chips are for soups and spreads. I don't care who you are, nobody wants a raisin in their soup. Throw them out!  Eating the chopped liver and....giving the star back! It's delicious and I haven't even mixed in any onion!  I don't think I realized how dense a half pound of chopped liver would be, I kind of wish I would have got some rye for a sandwich. Sorry, internal monologue creeping into review, I'll stop that now.Five stars for my first ever present-tense review! I can't wait to go back to Scott's to try the rest of their (very large) menu! Though for this trip, I'm glad I got out when I did. I was half drunk and the rainbow cookies were calling my name. I'll sober up first next time.
5	Missing my old haunt, Canter's Deli in L.A., I first tried Schlocky's & for me, it just didn't come close.  Then someone suggested that I give this place a shot, so I dropped in for lunch today, landed in a comfortable booth, & knew it was the real thing as soon as I started browsing their extensive menu.  Everything was there!  I ordered a bowl Kreplach Soup & a Corned Beef on Rye from my lovely old New Yorky waitress & it was 5-Stars all the way from then on.In a little while my soup arrived, piping hot, & in big metal bowl on a big china plate, & it was TERRIFIC!  That plus a bagel would have been plenty for lunch, but then my HUGE sandwich arrived.  The corned beef was very lean & tender, & came with 3 Kosher Dill spears & a little cup of excellent cole slaw.  Even though I'm a big eater, I had to bring half of the sandwich home & have it for dinner with a glass of  Manischewitz , & even then, my cat had to help me.  (He doesn't drink, but he loved the corned beef!)Scott's is a little expensive, but not for a genuine Jewish style deli serving terrific food in these portions.  Corned Beef Sandwich $9.95, Bowl of Kreplach Soup $6.70.  (Half a sandwich & a cup of soup for $10.25 would have been plenty.)Bottom line:  Love it!  Love it!  Love it!  ...Next time, I'll go in the morning & put their Ham & Eggs breakfast up against Black Bear's at the same price, & compare.  (I don't know what they're doing having HAM here, but I'm already confident that it will be great!)
4	These 4 stars are based on the tasty food at Scott's. I enjoyed the latkes, 3 huge potato cakes served with applesauce and sour cream. Hubby ordered ham steak and eggs, accompanied by a side of home fries and almost cleaned his plate (ham steak was huge!). The booths were large and cozy; decor was very home diner style comfortable. Unfortunately the service was so so. Our food arrived fast but our waitress looked annoyed at having to serve us. We showed up at 3:20 Sunday when they close at 4:00, so maybe we arrived to close to day's end?  We will visit again soon and see how it goes because the latkes are already calling me back....
4	Great breakfast and lunch options.  I appreciate having a quality deli here in the central phoenix area.
3	Had lunch here on a recent Saturday.  The pastrami was ok, but it was tough and sliced too thickly.  Coleslaw is good, and the pickles were just starting to get sour.The fries were great, but not enough to make up for lackluster pastrami.I would go back, but with low expectations.
4	Christmas really isn't my holiday...it's more for the Beautiful Carin, and I try my very best to play along and do what I should to make the holiday "joyful"...not my strong suit:)This Christmas is no different than 30 or 40 others that preceded it...it's the end of the year and that always bring its own peculiar brand of "troubles".Today, I had to visit with one of my attorney's (I know, pathetic)...some trouble with some partners in a business relationship and I am trying to figure out what the best course of action is...this attorney is my Doberman...he will chase people to the bowels of hell and bring them back screaming to be returned to Satan's loving grasp...if the compensation is right:)I don't Yelp him, because frankly, he scares me...a little bit:)I was bemoaning the holiday season to him during our session today (believe it or not our "chit chat" is quite brief at $425 per hour), and his legal advice was that I "sack up" and get over it:)To reinforce that, he took me to lunch (I must look like I'm going to be a gold mine to him!) at Scott's Generations:)That did indeed put a smile on my face and prepared me adequately for my next meeting this afternoon.I love deli...I get to NYC 2-3 times a year, and consequently I don't think very much of the deli's here in town...overpriced, under-sized...less than we should expect:(Even Goldman's, who's been good for several years, has fallen sharply over the past year.Scott's could change my perception of the deli landscape in PHX.I had a hot corned beef on rye that was as tasty as anything I've found in Phoenix...and it was huge...a restricted flight softball of hot, moist corned beef, between two thick slices of rye (from Karshes, next door, with plenty of caraway seeds:)Four salt brine pickle spears, and cole slaw, accompanied this behemoth:)I couldn't leave well enough alone and ordered a side of crinkle cut fries to "make the season bright":)$11.00 US money for the whole deal (no extra charge for "extra lean":)Everything was well made, tasty and nicely presented by the sweet ladies that serve the all the customers...I mean 20-25% tip service by these sweethearts:)I waddled out, with my mood adjusted back to "non-grinchy" (I'm sure this lunch will appear on the bill from my attorney, at some point...I just choose not to think about it right now:)I didn't even have room for a Black and White cookie from Karshes, after lunch...that's packing in the corned beef!While Scott's Generations is not, strictly (or even un-strictly) speaking "kosher", it is definitely in  the traditional "New York Style":)No, I would not claim it's as good as anything in Manhattan...but I gotta tell you, it's as good as a lot of neighborhood deli's in Manhattan...and easily the best of breed for PHX.
5	How did I not know this existed?  It's within walking distance from home!Went with Chrissy P for a New Year's Day brunch.  It's so freaking hard to find a good NY-style deli up in here!Got there before her, so I grabbed a take-out menu.  Holy lox, Batman (I usually say "Holy frijoles, but it's a Jewish deli, get it??) the menu is HUGE!They have a full breakfast menu with omelets, Jewish staples like lox, blintzes and matzo brie.  There are huevos rancheros, skillet dishes to round out the breakfasts.Many different smoked fish dishes, too.  I had the egg salad sandwich on wheat bread.  *Real* wheat bread.  Though I think the egg salad was missing something, it was still delicious.  Also got a side of fries.  They were homemade crinkle-cut, with the skins still on them!  I love fries with the skin still there.  Service was ultra-friendly and we never had to ask for a refill on our drinks.I will definitely be back.  It will take forever to get through the menu, even for a pescatarian like me.
4	Scotts is what you expect when you say Jewish Deli.  The corned beef hash is crispy on the outside, with green peppers and onions mixed in.  All of the portions are large to say the least.  The first time we went was for breakfast, but after seeing a corned beef sandwich go by, I changed my order!  Bacon that tastes like bacon, eggs cooked the way you ask for them, and lots of personality in the staff and owner.  Jan is a hoot, and Scott is always behind the counter to add color.  Not fancy, and you will have to Fabreeze when you get home, but a great meal that a chain will never match.
5	I have to say that Scott's is simply the real thing as far as Jewish style deli's in Phoenix.  I ordered the corn beef and matza ball soup.  It was quite delicious.  The atmosphere is one of a deli with both intimate and group seating available.The service is excellent with an extensive menu.  Enjoy........
4	I get into these wild food moods where Ill wake up and have a craving for something, its usually pretty specific, this particular morning it was corned beef. Sounds crazy but once I get it in my head I wont be satisfied until I give into my cravings. I wasn't hungry though for just any corned beef, it had to be Boar's Head brand, aside from a few grocery stores the only place you can get Boar's Head is a good delicatessen. I knew just where to go, Scott's!Situated between an Ace Hardware and a Basha's, this seems hardly the spot for a tasty sandwich. Let me tell you, they serve up massive tasty sandwiches with thick piled meat on your choice of bread and they have choices. Feeling helpless and at complete mercy to my urges I ordered Scott's Perfect Reuben-Reuben ($11.50). So tall you cant get your mouth around it, its stuffed with corned beef, swiss cheese and sauerkraut then grilled to a crispy buttery goodness.When the server set my sandwich in front of me my eyes widened, it was a thing of beauty and desire. As I managed my sandwich for the first bite, I felt the wafts of hot corned beef beckoning, eat me, eat me. Enjoying bite after satisfying bite, my morning craving was quickly becoming fulfilled like an ancient prophecy. Ordering a side of Russian dressing to dunk my fries into may sound slightly odd but after one dip I think you'll agree, its perfectly natural.For the health conscious who are rolling their eyes at my delicious choices, Scott's does offer lighter fare such as salads, soup and half sandwiches. However, I for one don't go to Scott's to eat light, I go to Scott's eat well.
4	He-uge piles of corned beef on tasty pumpernickel or rye breads.  I had the lox platter with bagel, cream cheese, capers, onions and tomato.  The other 11 people - one had the whitefish platter (huge and tasty), spinach knish (yum), tongue and pastrami omlette (hmmm didn't try that), and many more items at the other end of the table.  No complaints from even the pickiest eaters.  Love the new pickles!  The remodel is great too.  The extra room makes a nice space for groups.
4	I am recently recovered from a cold. It started in my head and has moved to my chest. While the cough has held on, I credit Scott's Generations (and Nyquil) for the bulk of my speedy recovery!There's nothing like a flavorful broth and your choice of noodle, rice, matzo ball, or (my choice) kreplach for a miracle cure. A full quart'll set you back around $8. Even better: you don't have to be sick to enjoy this place. I also like Scott's for breakfast. Excellent corned beef hash. Plus, the whole diner feel and a good, chewy bagel has the potential to transport you to parts East.
5	im not sure if this update is kosher but fuck it. i update for three reasons. 1. brother just got back from visiting the mom in phoenix.  he went there with said mother based on my rec and loved it. his vivid descriptions of his pastrami, corned beef and chopped liver sandwich have been torturing me nightly since his return. 2. no jewish deli in portland can touch this deli. memories of scotts + sad reality of portland deli scene= 5+ star upgrade.3. i'm quite sure the only reason i gave it four instead of five stars initially was because of the lame name. that was rude of me. yeah, so, it does have a lame ass name. maybe only 4 jewish mothers in the 80s named their kids scott- it's a pretty goyshe name and i dont get it. but judging on the name was shallow and superficial of me.already looking into best practices regarding chopped liver delivery methods.
4	If there was no other reason to go to Scott's, go for there bialy's and the take home.  I still have no idea what a real jewish deli should be but this has got to be close to it from what I've seen of it over the years. (Need to go to New York and try a few there to find out, I guess.)  Go early for the bialy's. or ask them to hold some for you.  They run out fast.  This place grows on you.
4	When it comes to being Jewish, I'm more ish than Jew... a fellow Heeb nearly dropped dead when I didn't know what a "black & white" was.  I can not-so-boldy tell you I have never had gefilte fish... and God-willing, I never will.  That being said, there are probably all sorts of layers to the onion that is Scott's Generations that I haven't peeled back.  And while I haven't embraced many Heeb traditions --- one thing I dig is the food.  And friends, Generations has the food.If you're there during lunch, this place gets slammed.  There are roughly a bajillion types of sandwiches, some pastas, you name it.  I'm a half-sandwich and matzoh ball soup guy.One thing: I can't get the feeling the service here is a little subpar.  Plenty of silver-haired, no-nonsense souls roam the dining room... and they're so nice (and old) that you'll feel guilty correcting them when they screw up.  We got a salad yesterday with no dressing and missing some key ingredients.  When we asked if dressing came on it, she said, "Oh, you wanted dressing?  You didn't ask for any."I'm not one to rip on service -- I think this is the first I've mentioned it in any review -- but c'mon.  Are we being high maintenance for thinking dressing should come on salads?  Are we rabbits?Overall --- still the best Jewish deli in town and a great place to go when you need a little deli in your belly.   Calorie counters need not apply.Bubbie would be proud.
5	I think it's hilarious that the only person who gave this place 1 star is some schmuck who was upset that the chicken livers weren't organic.  What do you expect?  Unlike lady Alaska, I am thankful that all of Scott's product comes directly from Brooklyn.  I really think that is the story behind this Deli's 21 years of success.  Why have I never heard of this deli in the years I have lived here.  We went in on Good Friday and there wasn't a soul in the store.  We ate a full meal and still no one came in.  The wait staff and owner seemed relieved.  I think this place does amazing business during the day.  Not to mention, the lovely waitress told us stories of how she took 3 parties the other night.The food here is amazing.  My wife and I shared the smoked fish platter (which is $10 less than chompies and almost twice the size) My dad had the liver and onions which to him is food for the soul.  I tried his and it was really good.  I can't wait to go back there again this week.  The prices are right, the portions are amazing and the quality is above standard for a Phoenix deli.  This place blows Chompies out of the water.I am so thankful we get a slice of New York right here in Phoenix.  I wasn't a big fan of the mish mosh soup.  I'd stay away from it.  But everything else makes up for it.
4	How have I not sang Scott's praises yet? Well, here I go! Do you want a place for a good, solid, stick to your ribs breakfast without being too frou frou? Scott's is the joint! It's a Jewish deli in the middle of my neighborhood! I was so surprised that I hadn't noticed it before! Chrissy P invited me to join her for breakfast one morning and I was just blown away! On my first visit, I had the eggs Benedict. My only complaint was that my eggs were a tad overcooked, (not runny) and I wished for more hollandaise sauce. For my second visit, I brought my little sis and her BFF and we chowed! I had the Hash Mash and we shared an order of the french toast. I don't know why I challenged myself to my own personal "how much breakfast can you stuff into your stomach" contest, but I think I won. Everything was so good! There was nothing to complain about. I wish I could go to Scott's every day for a hearty breakfast! The dishes are simple, the service is straight forward, and I have NEVER walked away hungry. I will return very, very soon!
4	found this place via yelp....thank u yelpers having to take the wife to the airport it was a quick hop/skip/jump to scotts had the new yorker sandwich piled high w/meat on a great rye bread and fabu fries all heart clogging ingredients and well worth an early death
2	well i stick to 4 stars for lunch all though that was my 1st time but the wife and i went for  breakfast last sunday morn. after the traditional being ignored for the first 8 minutes( BECAUSE WERE A NEW YORK STYLED DELI AND THATS THE WAY THEY DO IT IN NEW YORK) we sat down at a nice sized comfy booth our server a very nice older gal came and took our order cornbeef hash/breakfast burrito for the wife the cbh was fair (black bear diner has better and thats sad) burrito ok not great . there was 1 employ maybe a owner behind the counter defenitly from ny.........who cares .....sneezing, blowing his nose and then continuing to make the deli tray he was working on w/out washin his hands oh and then rubbing his nose with his finger as well lucky our meals were coming out of the kitchen and not from the front of the house where the 45 yo child does'nt know he needs to wash his hands when he blows his nose and is working w/food
3	I don't really know where to start with Scott's Generation. I come from the Northeast... when it comes to authentic Jewish delis, it's the land of plenty. In Arizona, I'm lucky to find a deli that even has actually edible corned beef on rye. Scott's Generation offers very good pseudo-Jewish food, but for being "unofficial" in my mind, it's pretty good.Scott's has all the staples of an East Coast Jewish deli:1. Dr. Browns soda2. Matzaball Soup3. A "special" (cole slaw and russian dressing on X sandwich)4. Wise chipsUnfortunately when going to Scott's, I felt like the only Jew in a few mile radius. This was highlighted even more when I asked for Challah french toast. The waitress responded with just "huh?"... As I looked down on the menu, I realized their challah french toast is actually "Kelly's American Toast" with challah french toast written in small font underneath. Looking further on the menu, I was happy to see that they have an option to get kreplach in your soup... but upon further inspection, next to kreplach it says "wonton" in parentheses...*rustling sound*That sound you just heard (read) was my great grandparents rolling over in their graves. That's like going to an Italian restaurant in Israel, ordering spaghetti and marinara, and in parentheses seeing "egg noodles and ketchup" (at least to me).Anyway... food wise, I give Scott's Generation a solid 3.5 stars. The service was also a solid 3.5. I give Scott's a 2 on the Jewish deli scale. In the end, Scott's gets an A-OK 3 stars, and I plan to go back one day.
5	Scott's Generations is hands down the best east coast-style deli in the valley, particularly for breakfast. It's just as cheap as Denny's down the street and about ten times more satisfying and wholesome. Their baked goods and bagels are crisp, chewy perfection. No perpetrating steam oven biscuit bagels here like Breuggers or Einsteins.  And there's plenty of cream cheese options to schmear to your heart's content. I'm usually a pretty flexible diner, rotating through a menu to try new things, but here I get one thing and one thing only every time. Brandi's Breakfast Special for only four bucks: two eggs over easy, home fries and a garlic bagel with chive cream cheese.I guarantee that meal will sink like a satisfying rock to the bottom of your stomach and keep you full for hours. With coffee and tip the whole thing will set you back about eight bucks.Enjoy the surly granny wait staff that'll call you doll or sugar, and treat yourself to a black and white cookie on the way out. Trust me.
4	I had the pleasure of eating lunch here today and it did not disappoint! We split "The New Yorker", a delicious and very large corned beef and pastrami sandwich. The meat melted in your mouth and had the perfect amount of flavor between the meat, Russian dressing and creamy cole slaw. The french fries weren't the best and the sandwich is rather pricey but overall I give this place four stars. I am looking forward to a return trip very soon!
5	We had breakfast here today and it was very good.  We had the Lox and bagel plate which had a generous portion of Nova Lox and plenty of condiments.  we also had the Greek Omelet which was very tasty and had a nice proprotion of veggies to eggs.Service is attentive and friendly - a nice find
4	I am so happy that I found this place! I've always been into the deli scene, but had never heard of this place. Coincidentally, I had recently watched Man vs. Food and When Harry Met Sally, both of which were filmed (at one point in time) at Katz's in NYC. At this point something deep inside of me craved top-notch pastrami or corned beef. The next thing I know I'm browsing stores in a strip and come across Scott's. I had a very tough time deciding but I went with the Reuben; not just any Reuben though, but a combination with pastrami and corned beef. I truly feel that I could not have made a better choice for my first visit because it was one epic Reuben. It was unbelievably rich and juicy. The meats worked extremely well together, especially when accompanied by the Russian dressing. Combined with fries, pickles and slaw, this was a meal fit for a Jewish king (oh, and the server was great; really relaxed and accommodating)!Since reading reviews here on Yelp, I'll probably come visit again the next time I'm awake on the weekend early enough for breakfast. My first experience here was pretty astounding compared to most places; I even got free bagels on the way out the door! Go to this place and enjoy it!
2	I'm surprised how well this deli is reviewed... I've given it about 5 chances now.  It always looks promising, and is right next door to the Jewish bakery which I love.  Unfortunately, I've been pretty let down each time I've tried to grab some good food from Scott's.The service is terrible, at least for take-out.  They take their time and acknowledge you if they feel like it.  I don't know about dine-in service, but you can tell having a smile would get a waitress fired.As for the food... potato knishs looked outstanding, tasted like something you could buy frozen.  Bagels were okay but I had the bar raised.  Scallion cream cheese left a lot to be desired, which is sad because I consider a good everything bagel with scallion cream cheese to be the ultimate new york breakfast treat (after a good egg sandwich, of course).  Damn, the egg sandwich was awful that one time... did they get their bacon from Wendy's?Still looking for a good NY deli, so feel free to pass one on!  Wish it could have been Scott's.
4	Original review: 24AUG2010:Love Scott's!!! Just had the corned beef hash after my root canal...Still enjoyed it chewing on the left side...Been coming to Scott's for years!!!  Never leave hungry!!! From breakfast to lunch, the soups are fabulous and the sandwiches you can feed 2-3 people!!!
5	Best Breakfast Place Ever!  We wish we lived in Phoenix.  Doesn't look like much when you walk in but boy-oh-boy, we loved it!!  Got to check it out.  We can't wait to come back to Pheonix.  My hubby is still raving about it, 6 months later.
3	To be honest, their foods taste really good and the waiter are nice, but the big guy at front door cashier is not very nice and had no patient to the first time visitor!So I give them 3 stars! I can tolerate bad foods once or twice, but I can't tolerate bad customer service!
2	I'm sorry. On a few levels. Needed a breakfast place in the area yesterday and went with Yelp. This is the first time I've been disappointed. with Yelp consensus reviews. I love Jewish delis and have learned to "settle" in Phoenix. But I'll never settle for Eggs Benedict on a bagel with a slice of Kraft American Process Cheeselike Food Product between the deli ham and the poached egg.  Don't offer something if all you're going to do is mortally insult it's memory!The coffee at least is the swill I grew up with B.S. [Before Starbucks} - just like I remember in Jewish delis and everywhere for that matter - but that's another rant altogether. Meh-be the lox is good. Meh-be the good corned beef is piled sky high. I'll probably never find out.
5	Wow, I can't believe it's been over a year since I was last here at Scott's!  I got together with Robyn N., Norm R., & Mike C. for an UYE there today, & I'm happy to report that the place still "has it"!  This time I enjoyed a combo that came with a (big!) half Pastrami Sandwich, a Kosher Pickle spear, a little cup of cole slaw, & a cup of soup.  I upgraded to a BOWL of their great Kreplach Soup.  The service was friendly, the food was great, & I still love Scott's Generations!     :-))Half Pastrami Sandwich, bowl of Kreplach Soup, Cole Slaw, pickle spear, bagel chips:  $11.95
4	I had lunch here with Rand H ,Norm R and Robyn N a small UYE. This was my first trip to Scotts Generations and i found it to be an authentic Jewish deli. I had a bowl (more like a pot) of kreplach soup and a corned beef sandwich that came with pickle spears and coleslaw. The lunch was very good and the soup was amazing. I would and will return to Scotts.
4	I had lunch here last week with Rand H, Mike C and Norm R after wanting to try this place since I moved to AZ a year and a half ago.  I've been missing my favorite Chicago deli and have been craving some good Jew food and I finally found it!  For lunch I had a brisket sandwich on an onion roll with a side of kishke with gravy. It was excellent!  The beef was tender, flavorful and not dry, and the kishke was sliced,browned and skinless.  This is what I've been waiting for.  While at our table we had a great view of the deli cases and menu boards and I knew I would have to order some food to go for my Mom and for me.  I ordered the Mish mosh soup and that was just okay - the matzo ball was grainy, the kreplach was mostly dough and there was only one of each and no kasha like I'm used to when I order this soup back home.  The chopped liver was good, my Mom and her husband liked it a lot, but I think Don and Charlie's has the best chopped liver in the Phoenix area.  The best thing I brought home was the belly lox!  If I'm going to eat lox, it's going to be the real thing and taste like lox - not the tasteless nova lox that's served to the masses.  It was wonderful and salty and full of flavor and I have enough left for a sandwich tomorrow morning :)Overall this is the closes to a real Jewish Deli I've been to here in AZ - and I will for sure be back and try the corned beef/pastrami and potato pancakes next time!
4	I think this can give the Jewish delis of NYC a run for their money. The place itself is clean and spacious, and the comfortable booths were just right for the mini-UYE with Rand H., Mike C., and Robyn N. I ordered a half pastrami sandwich and a bowl of kreplach soup; these came with sides of coleslaw and pickle spears. A plate of bagel chips was also served with the soup. The pastrami sandwich was superb and overstuffed like it should be; really tasty - I thought I should have ordered a whole sandwich instead of a half. The kreplach was good; tasty and hearty, and a bowl could have been a meal. I really have to come back here to try other stuff, such as belly lox ... but return visits won't be too frequent for me, only because the food is quite pricey. The half sandwich, bowl of soup, and coffee cost close to 15 bucks.
3	Well this was my second time eating over at Scotts and I thought maybe a second try would have made it better...especially since I went to go buy a gift card for my boss who loves the place.I ordered the Scottwich which is a huge sandwich piled high with pastrami, swiss cheese, grilled onions and generously served with side fries, pickles and coleslaw. My sandwich was simply Perfection! (about 13.50 after tax)Unfortunately the service is not....hence the 3 stars.When I called in Tony (The big guy in the front-I think thats his name) placed me on hold for 3 minutes, I thought they must have been really slammed, but when I went for pick up they were fairly busy but not packed. He had no patience and no sense of customer service whatsoever! I asked to purchase a gift card and he said they didn't have any, I then asked for a certificate of some sort and he said that he could make me one but threw a large fit because he had to... Then I proceeded to ask for a pound of cookies and he shouted "como chingas" which is not something very nice to say to a person (Those who are bilingual in Spanish know what im talking about). He became extremely stressed at having to write out a certificate and have phone calls and waitresses coming up to cash out the checks. He got even more upset and walked away! I apologized and said that I would just purchase one of the pre-packaged cookies that were on display... $50 dollars later I received my cookies, my to-go order and my $25 gift certificate. The food is awesome-definitely worth the price, but be prepared for the mediocre service!
4	What a hidden gem!! I've been here several times already since finding it when I arrived too early for Karsh's bakery and I love it every time. I can never finish everything I order and the wait staff is always as friendly and fun as can be. The cherry blintzes are the bomb and there is plenty of room for large crowds. Additionally they open early, which is nice for me as I am more of an early bird than most. The black and white cookies that are filled with frosting are a glutton's dream. If that's not up your alley, ask for a male or female brownie. Hint: the male brownies have nuts!
3	While searching for a place open for New Year's Day during the late morning/early afternoon, we discovered that Scott's Generations was serving people still and decided to stop by.  A couple other times we have tried to go it has unfortunately been closed, but lucked out yesterday.The location is a little hidden in the corner and unless you were looking for it, probably would just drive on by.  I ordered breakfast and my friend had a sandwich.  The mix of people in the establishment varied a lot in age group and the decor is quite eclectic.  I have been in search for a good Jewish deli place since I have left Chicago and have yet to find one to replace my favorite still back at home, but for now, this will suffice.The portions of my corned beef hash were very generous, but the eggs were a little overdone.  My friend's club sandwich on sourdough was gigantic and was served with a decent sized pickle and plenty of home fries.  The fries themselves were a little bland and could've used seasoning, but I suppose that's what the salt, pepper, and/or ketchup on the table is for.  The sandwich itself he said was good, but nothing special.  I will have to go back and try some of their other fare, but have tried the soups and corned beef in the past.  The soups are okay - I've tried the matzo ball and kreplach.  The stock could use a bit more depth instead of mere salt, but the corned beef is delicious.  I have also picked up bagels and the nova lox is quite yummy.  If you're in search for a place with standard Jewish deli fare, this may be the best you're going to find around here (at least from what I've read), but honestly I still miss the places in Chicago or New York a lot!
4	I just stumbled upon this place this Feb, I can't believe it's been here 20yrs, and I've never been. The place is kind of typical deli style, no frills kinda place. But the food is great! I been three times now, so far I've has locs and bagles twice (yep it's that good) I seen a lot of comments on the sandwiches, so that's my next order. Great please for breakfast or lunch. Solid 4 stars!
2	A Jewish girl walks into a (oh, wait, I am writing a restaurant review and not a J.A.P. joke)....When Scott's first opened many years ago, it was really good and had a lot more competition than it does now. In those days, there was Katz Deli, several Miracle Mile locations, Chompie's and a few other ill fated places (anyone remember Hollywood Deli?). I currently live in one of the best food meccas of the West Coast and can't get really good Jewish deli (Saul's is not great folks, and no, I have not tried Miller's yet). When Mom and Grandma picked me up from the airport, I had suggested we stop at Scott's to give them a try on the way to Sun City. None of us had been there in several years and I was really excited at a prospect for a delicious hot pastrami sandwich on rye. We got there, walked in and I noticed that the place itself looked a bit run down and dare I say, a little dirty? The owners are the same but the guy behind the counter who used to be friendly and Hamish just sat there like a schlub. We were directed to a table, and I immediately noticed how large their menu was. I ordered my sandwich sadly assuming that my regular hot pastrami would be (a) HOT and (b) on Karsh's rye since Karsh's is right next door. Neither was the case when my sandwich arrived and the pastrami was not delicious and I asked the waitress if I was mistakenly given the "lean" type of pastrami and she said I was not. Mom had a tongue sandwich and thought it was "okay" but she is not as picky (bitchy) as I am and Grandma had blintzes which did not look homemade but that of the frozen variety (I hope I am wrong here). Service was fair. Not warm and not quite the NY attitude that passes in these types of establishments.After our experience I will no longer suggest Scott's and will have them drive directly to Chompie's.
5	After 10yrs in the Valley, I finally found this Little hidden Gem. I honestly have to say its was the best Jewish deli I've been to. No more Subway when I'm craving a sandwich...Its close to the Biltmore area, which is a huge plus for me because its close to home. Just like any Deli its seat yourself type of place with a deli counter for your to-go orders. I luv this spot!!Food: 5 STARSI ordered the Pastrami on garlic bread. It had a huge portion of meat covered with Swiss chesse and grilled onions. It also came with homemade fry's and coleslaw. I was very impressed with the size of the meal. IT WAS AMAZING!!!!Not only do they serve sandwiches, but they had a huge menu from breakfast to entrees. Everything that passed by our table looked great.SERVICE: 5 STARSFrom the moment we walked in ..we were welcomed with a friendly greet...to the moment we were leaving they made sure everything was perfect.Location: 5 STARScentrally located in the valley in a nice shopping complex. Next to Ace Hardware.PRICE: 4 STARS $12.50 for Huge Pastrami Sandwich/ Fries/ coleslaw. It was a big portion, but just a tad pricey for lunch price. Take $2.50 off and it would of been a 5 too.I def will be back all the time with friends and family regardless your pricing... Thank you for the Great Lunch.
5	We went to Scott's Generations on a sammich mission.  We want to find the best of the best sammiches, and we found some of them!I ordered the "Mike's Jumbo Philly Cheesesteak" which was really delicious.  Great flavor in the meat, veggies, and bread.  My only problem was it wasn't so jumbo.  It was normal, but honestly, I don't know if I could have finished it if it was jumbo.  The side of fries was pretty tasty, perfectly done crinkles, a great compliment to the sammich.  I also tried my friend's "The James Cagney" (Brisket) and another friend's "Scott's Perfect Reuben-Reuben" (Which was half pastrami half corned beef).  Both of those sammiches were also delicious.  Perfectly cooked meat, great bread, not much more you could ask for.Out of all three of the sandwiches "The Scott's Perfect Reuben" was probably the best.  So if you are having a hard time choosing, go with the Reuben (half / half).This place is a little pricy for a sandwich, but it is well worth it.  I will definitely be back again!
4	The Lox platter is amazing! Great Jewish Deli. Has a bit of an old school feel to it.
5	This place is on the list.You know, that list you keep of places you plan on coming back to, again and again? It might be purely mental or physical, but when someone within earshot says "i'm in the mood for a Reuben" that list springs into action.Scott's Generations is at the top of that list, for sure.I've never ever had sandwiches, nay sammiches, quite like this. But, being from California I've never had the pleasure of an authentic Jewish Delicatessen either. Our table ordered a half-and-half Reuben, a jumbo philly cheese steak, and my order, the James Cagney: a beef brisket sammich on an onion roll with coleslaw and some amazing chunky fries on the side.My mouth is watering purely from the memory... My friends and I each kept half of our respective orders, but cut the other halves in two so that everyone could get a taste of everything. The cheese steak wasn't bad, but I've had better. My brisket was GLORIOUS, and I savored every bite. I even got up to grab some mustard for accompaniment but it went unused since it was so perfect and juicy. I have to say though, that the quarter piece of the Reuben I tried was definitely my favorite thing on the table. AH! IT WAS SO GOOD!Not only can Scott's build a perfect sammich, they back it up with stellar service and great attitudes. It was a little pricey, but I also felt that for the price you got a TON of food! I'll be back soon. and again. and again and again, with friends.
5	I have ascended to food heaven.  Dining at Scott's today was like a religious experience.  One that my waistline will pay for but so worth it.  This is hand's down my new favorite place for great deli sandwiches and bagels. No more will I buy my baked goods or luncheon meats at the grocery store.  Deciding what to get was tough, but I've had pastrami on the brain for days.  The New Yorker sandwich filled that craving and more.  Ridiculously high piles of pastrami and corned beef.  OMG!  I didn't know how I'd ever get my mouth around it, but somehow I did and the flavors and textures exploded on my tongue.  The sandwich arrived with spears of pickles, cole slaw and the cutest french fries.  There was no way I was finishing it all and I happily boxed up the remainder for a tasty breakfast tomorrow morning.While inside paying I perused the bakery case. Lovely Linzer cookies called my name loudly so I left with three!  The kid behind the counter offered to give me another for free but I thought about my waistline and graciously declined.I look forward to my next visit however now I retreat to my room for a happy Jewish Deli induced food coma.  Sweet dreams!
5	Many times a 5 star review is written by me but usually only after a 2nd visit or more.  Scott's will be the exception!!  I went on the recommendation of physician who raved about it the whole time I was with her this afternoon.  She was spot-on with her review and nothing could have made me happier today!  Upon arriving, I let the woman behind the counter know it was my first time and I wanted to check the place out.  She offered me a menu and told me to take my time and parouse the extremely large menu before deciding.  The menu was huge, to say the least!  A Chocolate Egg Creme started my afternoon off.  Excellent!!  After careful review, I decided on the Reuben Reuben.  A massive pile of corned beef between two pieces of rye and some wonderful sauerkraut all grilled to perfection.  The order came with 3 pickle spears, sweet and tangy cole slaw and some of the best crinkle-cut fries imaginable!!!  They were skin-on and thicker than most steak-cut fries, cooked to a dark color.  Yummy!!  My waitress was Nancy, someone who seemed to have been there for years and was a delight to say the least!!  Attentive but not bothersome.  She was there when I needed her and no where to be seen when I did not.  Just the way it should be.Before departing, I decided to get a 1/2 pound of Chopped Liver to take home for the evening.  Its got to be one of my favorites when made right.  This was no exception either.  Creamy, flavorful and just the perfect texture. When you have the chance, you have got to stop here!  The prices are on the higher end of the fair scale but for what you get, beyond well worth it.  This is an oasis in the desert that cannot be missed, especially for a transplanted easterner like myself!!  I am already planning my bext visit back!  Enjoy!
1	Let me explain the 1 star ....I've been to Scott's a few times before ... LOVED IT! I've sat outside, ordered to go but never have I sat inside until last week.Was visiting with friends and we got a booth, placed our orders ... started to chit-chat and out of the corner of my eye, I see something on the wall. No! Couldn't be! Why yes, it was your friendly neighborhood roach! And he brought a friend! We gals stopped talking midstream, looking around to see if anyone else saw what we did. Why yes!! our server saw the two unwelcome guests as she was standing at the food delivery window. Guess what she did??! Nothing. Until we pointed them out and rapidly moved to another table.Honestly, we all were wigged out. Talk about an appetite lost! Too bad. I had totally enjoyed Scott's up until then. Most likely will not be back.
4	I wanted to post a review on the waitress we had for Smunch yesterday, Nancy, but it looks like I can only review a business so I'll just update this one.When I walked into Scott's this week and asked if I could make a reservation for a large group during Saturday brunch hours, they said no problem without any hesitation. When organizing Smunch every month, this is a lovely thing to hear. The table was already set up and ready when I arrived and people started gathering shortly after. We wanted separate checks, though not all separate and Nancy didn't miss a beat. She was amazing. And hilarious. She joked with us the entire time and told us of her serious karaoke schedule.At one point, someone at our table got up for a minute, and shortly after their food came out. Nancy just sat right down and pretended to eat it. And let us capture photographic evidence. I now will come back more frequently. And sit in Nancy's section every single time.
4	I love Scott's. Pure and simple. This place is a gem from top to bottom. I've been coming here for over a year and food and service is always fast, friendly, and delish. The bagels are awesome- try the egg bagel. I used to come in every Thursday and eat a bagel, drink tons of coffee, and read the New Times. The waitresses were always very sweet to me and I felt right at home. I also love how they don't scrimp on the cream cheese.The fiance and I usually have breakfast here and could easily share a plate because it is SO MUCH FOOD! The sandwiches look amazing (again... SO MUCH FOOD!) and the deserts look fantastic. Try the latkes and the breakfast sandwich with challa bread. It'll make you wanna holla! ...See what I did there?
3	I went to this place this morning with my family for early Father's day breakfast. Overall, it was fine. It wasn't the best food ever, but it was ok. The coffee was decent, the service was alright (dineresque) and the food was alright. I ordered the veggie skillet. It was a little bland, especially for as much stuff was in it. The prices were a bit high for what we got, but if you want a simple breakfast, this is a fine place to go.
5	It's been almost 8 months since I've said anything about Scott's here, so a little update is in order, eh?Dropped back in here for the severaleth time (I've been listening to Sarah Palin!) for lunch today, joined by some of my great Yelp friends, Arllin B, Robyn N, & Mike C!  This time I ordered a big bowl of their terrific Kreplach Soup & an (also big) half a hot pastrami sandwich on rye.  Everything was great, just as it has been every time I have been here, & our server Jan was lovely!My order was $11.95, & it's still a big 5 Stars for Scott's Generations!     :-))PS:  Crown China Super Buffet in this same center is good too!
4	Bottom line: Scott's has a matzo ball soup so good I can't imagine how anyone could ever hate the Jews. Best bagels in Phoenix, hands down. Take your Einstein's and shove it.Scott's has an expansive menu that ranges across breakfast, traditional deli offerings, and a strong but semi random assortment of 'home cooking' type meals that your mom makes but you never see in restaurants. I haven't spent a lot of time in delis in New York, but Scott's reminds me of the "New York deli" I used to live around the corner from in Houston, down the street from the JCC - tasty, simple, and unapologetic, about anything. I love their soups, although their pastrami is not the best I've ever had. They have every flavor of Dr Brown's imaginable. The portions are huge - too huge, actually. I'm minuscule, so the prospect of a sandwich that is 3x what I can eat in one sitting is daunting to the point that I only go if I know I can take a box home. The service runs hot and cold, but I've never not gotten what I wanted the way I wanted it, and if the waitress isn't looking at me with vague disapproval, I feel like it's not an authentic New York experience.
4	Scott's Generations Restaurant & Deli is probably the best delicatessen in the Phoenix market!  They are conveniently located at North 7th Street and Missouri and a strip center with an Ace Hardware and Basha's.I met some Yelper's friends, Rand H., Robyn N., and Mike C. for a UYE some weeks ago here for lunch.  The restaurant is bigger than what it looks like from the outside.  It's a very clean place with plenty of celeb pics on walls from their prior visits to Scott's.  The service was very good.  Our server was exceptional at keeping our drinks filled and serving.  I had a hot pastrami on rye with a side or potato salad and coleslaw.  The pastrami sandwich was HUGE and it rated a 7 on a 1-5 scale for taste!!  I bet it weighed over 1lb by it's self.  It was full of pastrami-goodness with a hint of dressing that tasted fantastic!  It was one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've had.  The potato salad was not the same "rock star" status with a somewhat bland taste and it was too runny.  The coleslaw was not bad but not great and it played a better accompaniment to the delicious pastrami sandwich which was the "rock star".  I topped it off with a huge glass of iced tea and I was full for two days afterwards :-)If you're looking for a really good deli, this is the place!  I look forward to visiting Scott's Generations again soon and try their smoke white fish or belly lox.  I will probably take some pastrami to go ~ it's that good.  I hope to see you there!
5	Love the Matzo ball soup!!!  My daughter got the kids chicken tenders with FF and for a selective eater she loved every bite!  Next time I will bring Pastrami lovin hubby to score the deli meat selection.  I was tempted by the bakery items and knishes which I will also have to give a try so I will definitely be back!  Clean, with courteous prompt service is an added plus to the great food.
3	1st time at this place....Pretty average.  I got Matzoh Ball Soup. The matzoh ball was pretty small & pretty hard...it should be softer.  I also got a greek omelette...it was good, pretty average.  My partner got a Hot Pastromi Sandwich....The problem is, is that it wasn't hot!  He had to return it for a hot one. And, the amount of meat wasn't really a whole lot either...It gets worse....he got cole slaw for the side, and omg, it was served in a teeeny-tiny little plastic cup, about 1 inch in diameter...the kind of cup that is probably used for when you want extra sauce on something. Seriously now!...So, if he got fries instead, would the fries come in that same tiny cup??  oh brotther!  We are willing to give this place another try....so, another update will eventually follow.....
5	OMG the best Reuben in Phoenix hands down!! Owner is very attentive and it's family owned. Great authentic deli, love it!!
4	We were in the area, and i had heard great things about this place from my boy Nader A so I decided to check it out. I only got a few latkes, some pickles and a kinish but it was all very good. The place is a great little deli with great service and awesome food. The latkes were very good, as were the pickles. I didn't try the kinish, my wife daid it was good though. I need to go back and try some of the pastrami and other goodies. Great little place.
5	I love this place, we actually went twice this weekend!  They have some veggie options on the menu which is nice, and they are happy to change anything around to make it vegetarian if you'd like.  The service is friendly and the prices are great.  The meat eaters at my table said that the meats were fantastic and we all left very happy!
5	I haven't experienced such friendly and good service in such a long time. Our waitress smiled at me and was up beat the whole time (I just don't see that genuine attitude any more) in addition to great service, the breakfast I had was delicious. I had their oatmeal and a side of seasoned fruit. The oatmeal was hearty and I love that my waitress brought me a whole dish of brown sugar (ohhh yee-a). The fruit was sub-par. I got two little pieces of pineapple, and the cantaloupe and honey-due were crunchy. But I'm not too concerned about it, I ate all the fruit and this place is a deli, not a fruit hut. I'm going to come again and branch out to something new - they had a lot of good things on their menu. Love this place!
5	I went here today to get chicken soup to cure the flu I picked up over the weekend. It was the best chicken noodle soup I have had in years, I loved it!  They had so many delicious looking things I want to try in the future, everything looked awesome. I could not resist buying a couple latkes, they were fresh, authentic, and excellent. I will definitely be back to try more things and leave and update!
5	Went back today for breakfast and tried the corned beef hash, it was awesome. It was really great to get good home made corned beef hash.  My date tried the pancakes and said they were light, fluffy, and really delicious.  This has become one of my favorite breakfast places!
3	Setting right next to a kosher bakery you gotta try the deli next door!  Super Ruben and nice people!  Toss-up whether its better then Chompies but nonetheless it holds its own in a niche market in Phoenix!  Give it a try.
3	We came here for breakfast for lunch. I am told my my lunch-going partner that the corned beef hash was very good (specifically better than Chompie's). The everything bialy and onion bagels we had were pretty good. The bagel was not as dense as a typical bagel. The home fries were strangely bland with some heat. The pricing was reasonable for breakfast. I will probably come back here to try other things like the cheese blitzes.
5	I was really excited to see this place being from Detroit.  It's like a mom and pop back east!  The food was great!  Loved the food selections.  Waitress was a nice lady.  All the stuff behind the deli counter looked delish!  I will come back for bagels next time my work has an event.  They looked really good!  I had the pastrami, coleslaw and a pickle.  Sooo good!  Not super salty like cheap pastrami!  Go here!
2	I first started coming here in the early 90's. Used to come by once or twice a month for lunch.  The last time I was  here was some time in 2009.Today my wife and I were in the neighborhood and the sign caught my eye. I was excited to come in again. "WAS"Beautiful day so we decided to sit outside. Abouot 7 or 8 tables out on the patio. All were dirty, some still with plates on them. All had crumbs and small bits of food, most all had ashes on them. We picked the cleanest one and wiped it and cleaned it ourselves.  Waitress came and we both ordered good-rare roast beef. The kind we remebered from NY.My kaiser roll was dry and crumbly-falling apart. Should have chosen the rye like my wife-can't beat it.  Went to put pepper on the sandwich and had to get a pepper shaker from another table that wasn't dirty. Found one after the fourth table.Sorry Scott!  Used to LOVE coming here. Was very dissapointed. I'll probably come back, but no way I can get the wife back.Great food, just need to "clean up" a little.
2	I stopped by in search for a sub, and I've seen these guys deliver to the building where I work before. The service was bad. The waitress was an older woman who didn't greet us, or ask how we were or anything, she walks up says "what you want to drink?" and then leaves. I didn't know what I wanted, so I said, water. She brings back water and says, do you want something else? I order the #1 Sandwich. For $8.75, it was a 9" sandwich with ham, turkey and pepperoni, but the ham was so overwhelmingly strong, you couldn't taste anything else.  The sandwich was dry. It didn't have mayo or mustard on it. I saw others ordering sides of mayo. I should have done the same. I ordered "french fries", but they were more like country potatoes. They were quartered potatoes about 1" each, not crunchy, and not flaky. Severely disappointed. At the same time, the woman brings the check, drops it off, and I don't see any more of her again. I have to go up to the register myself and pay the guy at the counter.The total came to $22.00, and after leaving a "generous" 10% tip, it was almost $25.00. $25.00...for two crappy sandwiches, and some under cooked potatoes.Next time I'll go to some chain sub place, where they at least say "hello" as you walk in.
2	Any restaurant that proudly displays 'American Fries' and 'All-American Toast' as a substitution for 'French Fries' and 'French Toast' are just mindless and a bit moronic. I asked our server about what I perceived as a type-o. She grinned her best 3 tooth grin and kindly answered  "It's cause we don't like those French for not supporting us in Iraq." Uh. Ok.  If you want a good meal, and not feel like your IQ dropped 15 points for reading the menu, I suggest not going to Scott's Generations.
5	Tried The New Yorker sandwich. It was awesome, you have to try one of these. Even better than at Miracle Mile, which I love. It has so much meat I only ate half the sandwich and all of my fries. Took the other half home for later.
5	I couldn't decide between four or five stars so I am giving them five.  This place has a very authentic home made quality to the food.  The deserve five stars alone for the bagels that I would argue are some of the best in the area, far better then einstein, etc.  The food is delicious, the portions are large.  This is a must go to deli, phoenix is very lucky to have such an establishment.
3	I love the food here. Real NY style over stuffed (boars head cold cuts)sandwiches. I love the bagels.  The Matzoh Ball soup rocks too...I would give this place 4 stars but every time I come in the owner/management gives a really crappy vibe..I know I usually come in late afternoon and they are quiet,  they just had a busy breakfast/lunch so its all good, maybe they are winding down from a tough morning....Having said that, Im NOT looking for any special attention because Ive been going there on and off for 5 years. But seriously? Act like you give a hoot (hoot is code for $%*)...I would be there all the time if they acted a little gracious and chill...
4	Great, friendly service.Loved the potato latkes for breakfast.  And the bagel!  Mmmm... I'm a carb girl.
1	Wow. They messed up the most basic stuff. Really horrible, all the way around.Let's see-- asked for kreplach soup, which is not on the menu. They have matzo ball and they have mish mosh (noodles, matzo, kreplach). I asked for kreplach soup and they brought me one dumpling. So how many dumplings in the mish mosh? One, right? So if I want the kreplach soup, then I would expect 2 or 3 dumplings. Call me crazy!The soup was also cold.Chopped liver tasted like liver... "Livery". At better delis, the chopped liver is smooth and creamy-- slightly sweet. This was bitter and not smooth. Unpleasant. I think it was made from chickens who drank a lot of cheap booze and popped pills.They served it with bagel chips... Which is great, except a few good sized bagel chips were cinnamon-raisin. You gotta be kidding me. With liver? Disgusting.Meatloaf was a friggin' nightmare. Not sliced from a loaf, but a patty that was baked. Super well done, chewy crap. Served with a beef base gravy, and they used way too much beef base.Carrots were overcooked; mashed potatoes were ordinary.My bill was $43. With tip, $50. Service was polite, but a little slow.I am so angry that I paid for this crap. This is the second worst meal I've ever paid for in my life. I'm 40.Very, very bad restaurant. Ugh.
4	The food was excellent.  i had the pastrami Reuben, which was probably the best pastrami that I've had in AZ, very flavorful.  The fries and pickles were excellent too.  Fresh cut fries, can't beat that!I also had a potato knish.  I haven't had a lot of knishes in my life so i don't have a lot to compare this one too, but It was good.  The only complaint I would have is that the potatoes weren't very moist, but it was still flavorful with a very nice flaky crust.The only negative thing I would say about this place was that the day I went it was 90 degrees and out and they didn't have the AC on!  We asked the server about it and she said the owner didn't want to turn the air on yet.  I mean, it was ridiculously hot inside that place!  So hopefully that was an isolated incident because the food was so good I can't wait to go back!
1	My part Jewish friend has been raving about this deli so come payday we went to check it out. Ive been in Phoenix a little over a month and have been getting sick from the food here...diarrhea lots, shit my pants once... anyway, i like to eat in divey non-american cuisine. This place aint seedy enough for me, I suppose.I did not get ill from the food hereHowever.... $12.95 for a sandwich, fries, and a dollop of soggy coleslaw ???I kept hearing from my friend, his mom and the waitress that the sandys are HUGE.nope.Thought we might split one.nope.My sandwich was flavorless..err..thats a lie.. it tasted like stale bread.$29.98 for 2 sandwiches and 2 sodas (its an effin sandwich!!!). I only had $40 (only ?)Left the waitress $5.Gave my friend the other $5 to put toward a plane ticket to New York where he might experience Kosher (and a bit of his heritage) on a more realistic scale...the fries were good tho.
5	This place is unreal.  I was in Phoenix for the weekend and had memories of hanging out with my friend Scott who used to live here.  I got on yelp to find a breakfast place and Scott's popped up.  This is as old school as it gets outside of the Northeast.  The waittresses are awesome, the food is amazing and I really can't say anything that hasn't already been said.I don't make it to Phoenix much, but anytime I'm in town I'll be visiting Scott's.
2	I consider myself a pastrami connoisseur.   I experienced Scotts first time through Living Social, $5 for $10 worth before 11 am only.  I had "hot" pastrami, but the pastrami was not hot at all, not even warm.   Just room temp, but very lean, even tho I did not order extra lean.  It was terribly salty, and not much peppercorn taste.  I felt the price was quite expensive $10.95 for what you get, and the sandwich was not that big.  The rye bread very soft, the kind that compresses to dough on our meat, when you hold it..  Bread size is the same as an ordinary square loaf of sandwich bread.  The cole slaw was the tiniest serving I'd ever been served in my life.   Wimpy and translucent cabbage, just one tablespoon in one of those tiny "dipping sauce" plastic cups for sauce to go, barely wide enough to stick your fork into that tiny cup.  The only thing I really liked, was the  pickles.  The waitress overcharged me for my sandwich, $12.50 instead of $10.95 it said on the menu.  When I drew that to her attention, she said she was thinking of something else, and apologized.  I'd rather buy pastrami from a deli, a loaf of rye bread, and make my own, even for the $8 I paid with tax and tip ($5 Living Social plus tax and tip).   Not coming back to this place.
4	Favorite Jewish deli, hands down. Have been here MANY times. Of course, the food is really greasy, but there IS a dance studio right next door...The good: great food. Some of it can be a little 'unexpected', and may not taste as you have tried before, but I would say it's still good. My favorite is The Scottwich. It's pretty big and LOADED with meat, which I love. If I'm going to have something, I want a lot of it, not just a little sampler. The breakfast here is pretty good, as well. Now, my favorite part: the cheesecake. Holyyyyyy....yes, it is amazing. I've had a lot of cheese cake - though I would not consider myself a connoisseur - and, in my opinion, Generations' cheesecake is pretty phenomenal. I recommend sitting outside - the inside feels a little shabby, and a little stuffy. Surprisingly, I haven't come across any flies yet while eating outside. Oh - and you can smoke outside, which is just fantastic for smokers. For those who don't smoke, fortunately, there are a lot of tables outside, so you can sit far away from me. The bad: some of the employees come across as, oh, I don't know..bitter? The average waitress there is at retirement age, which is fine, and that can be really nice: "what would ya like sweetie?". But the one of the waitresses at Generations doesn't seem too happy to be there - and she shows it.  That waitress, well,  you can definitely tell when she is having a bad day. I once asked for a little cup of powdered sugar and she gave me the evil eyes!! I couldn't believe it! And neither could my friends and family! But there have been times when she has been very sweet. Though you're walking on eggshells with her. If you get her, be careful not to ask for anything extra. The other employees, I'm not sure about, because we've only really gotten 'her', but I know there is a younger waitress who happens to be very nice and professional. Anyways, over all, Generations is an authentic deli, with great food (and cheesecake). And if you feel as bloated as I do after eating there, waddle on over to the dance studio next door and sign up for a Zumba class - and say hi to me. We'll talk about their fabulous cheesecake while doing some cardio.
3	The food is pretty good, BUT1. it is inconsistent.  One day I'll get lots of cream cheese on my bagel and another day they'll skimp out on it and leave lots of dry parts.  I paid $5 for a pint of matzo ball soup and got one tiny (and very dense) matzo ball--felt a little ripped off. There should be standard portions I think.2. I think I was over charged my first time there.  My bill came to $10 but according to the menu my bagel was 3.20 and the soup was $4.95.  Is the tax rate 20% now? The amount is so small that I didn't make an issue of it, but I read another review complaining of the same thing so I think it's worth mentioning. I'll still go back for bagels because they are way better than Einsteins, especially the cream cheese, but I'll be sure to check any to-go orders for skimpy portions before leaving next time, and check my bill carefully before paying.
1	Well, we went back for a 2nd time, & this will be the last time we go to Scott's Deli.... It was over 100 degrees today and the AC was not working...It was VERY warm in the restaurant which made our dining experience pretty miserable.  They had all of their ceiling fans on at full blast in the backroom which dried up my contact lenses & our napkins would keep flying off the table. We got the Greek Omellete and the cucumbers in it were bitter...had to take them all out. The waiter never even said 'I'm sorry"...... I am from LA and there are faaar better Deli's there than here in Phoenix! This deli was pretty average, nothing like Jerry's Deli, or Canter's Deli in LA....NOW we're talkin'!  On a side note, I am so sick & tired of ALWAYS seeing sports on TV's in restaurants! ...Okay for sports bars, or maybe Applebee's, but it is like everywhere you go! It would be refreshing to actually see a movie playing on a TV at a restaurant....Something that the whole family can enjoy watching, just saying. :)
1	Uuugh...I went here for father's day again with the family this morning....I think this should probably be the last visit. It was fairly empty in there this morning (probably a pretty bad sign given that it is father's day). We sat at a large round table in the back of the restaurant. The service was actually fair today except the waitress forgot much of the food ordered and had to make several trips to get everyone their food. Speaking of the food, it was pretty terrible. I had the two egg breakfast with eggs over medium. The eggs were overcooked (closer to over hard) and everything on my plate tasted like burnt bacon. I did not order bacon. Turns out everyone's food tasted like burnt bacon because they don't properly clean their flat top or pans or whatever they cook on. The potatoes were inedible....soggy and flavored like....burnt bacon. My bagel was burnt on the side with the toppings and soft on the side that should be toasted. My brother, Scott O., had pancakes which he said tasted bland. The BF had latkes which were thick, burnt, and somehow not crispy. The applesauce that came with it was so watery...almost like apple juice. No one enjoyed the food, and we are Jewish (btw) so we are very familiar with Jewish food and Jewish delis. With so many good breakfast restaurants in Phoenix, there is no excuse to come here. Honestly, I would have rather eaten at home.
1	Omg. MOLD, mold everywhere!!!! I bought two potato filled pastry's we get 3/4 through eating them and my boyfriend goes "Is that mold" we then pick the pastry shell apart and the entire thing is filled with thick black mold. This was hours after they were purchased! In about an hour we were both feeling sick, I threw up which was terrible. I'm posting a picture of the nasty moldy food we got. I'm shocked. I eat out everyday and have NEVER EVER had an experience like this. I ordered Borsch off the menu as well, and they were out so he just opened a can they had on the shelf and added tap water (for $8.95) I have to say one word...HORRIFIED!
3	I called in an order last week for breakfast.  I ordered corn beef hash with eggs, potato pancake, and bagel.They asked how I wanted my eggs cooked.  I told them fried with whites cooked but yellows dippy.They got the whites mostly OK but the yellows were not dippy.  Had I been eating in I would have told them to take them back and cook them right.I have had their pastrami sandwiches and they are delicious.  Next time I will go elsewhere for eggs.  But I will order my sandwiches there or "maybe not".Also the owner, Scott, was not very hospitable.  If I were running a business I would be much more friendly and outgoing with my clients.  Everyone likes to be greeted with a smile and a "how ya doing? and "come back again".
1	Dirty and filthy, food is awful, place filled with bugs and roaches.  I do not care how long they have been around, they are not jewish cooks or food preps, the MATZO BALL SOUP you could hit someone with.. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE.
5	Went in over the weekend looking for a New York style breakfast. The meal exceeded all expectations. The bagels were fresh, the lox reminded of NYC and the ambiance was exactly what I was looking for. I love this place!
3	I paid $26 dollars for two bagel sandwhiches with lox and the works.  Highway robbery.  They are good, don't get me wrong.  But this is outrageous.  At the most I can see maybe $7 or even $8 but my god....  Well it was delicious but I could easily just go to einstein bagels or all the rest and be just as happy, especially happy for my wallet, it smarts right now.
3	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Arlin B, Robyn N & Mike C.  Scott's was a bit of a disappointment for me this time.  My expensive bowl of Kreplach Soup was lukewarm & only contained one little Kreplach the size of a Ping Pong ball!  Even the smaller cup sized soup should have two or three of them.  My corned beef sandwich was good but the service was only so-so.  Considering all of this and the prices, it's down to 3 Stars this time for Scott's.Corned Beef Sandwich $10.95, bowl of Kreplach Soup $7.95 (!)
3	The ruebans are decent, but not worth the 12.50 they charge.  Service is great though.
5	Was here for breakfast with a group of friends. Neat diner/deli environment. Old school...  Service was A+. We had an outstanding waitress yet the others would check to make sure our drinks were filled on an ongoing basis. The food...  Wow!  I had the hash which was incredible!  Others at the table had French Toast, salmon, and a scramble. All were delicious. The only regret I have is not going to this place while I lived in Phoenix. I'm definitely going back next time in town.
4	The Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated and I went here for lunch today, and as we'd experienced separately in the past - the food was great!Based on the foods he's disgusted by, I didn't order what I was in the mood for - had he seen it, he may not have been able to eat at all. So I went with the New Yorker (corned beef, pastrami, slaw and Russian dressing) on rye with the slaw on the side. He had the Black Forest (turkey, corned beef, grilled onions and Swiss.)Both are served with pickles (I believe house-made) and fries. The bread is great, the meat quality is great - and as we both packed half a sandwich and most of the fries into boxes for another meal, we were reminded that maybe next time we should just share a sandwich.Like all good delis - the portions are HUGE. And like all good Jewish delis - the service is subpar, the decor is hopelessly dated, the prices are definitely fair for the quality and quantity, and something about it just feels like "home."I made a mistake though. I ordered coffee instead of a chocolate egg cream. Too few places make a decent egg cream  - and I missed my opportunity. Then again, that's a good excuse to have to go back soon! (As if I needed one!)
4	I love going to Scott's for breakfast. Very casual, seat yourself. The staff is very friendly and it seems everyone has worked there for ages - maybe family. Try the LEO (lox, eggs, onions) special. Their sandwiches are huge. Seriously, I'm not sure how one gets his or her entire mouth around a bite. And, being from the northeast and a member of the tribe myself, I love the feeling of an authentic Jewish deli.
3	This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Central Phoenix, but I give it three stars because of the complete lack of atmosphere, the prices being a bit more than what I would expect, and the service being so-so. Still, great bagels and home fries, good traditional breakfast dishes, and an astounding tongue sandwich (which is, admittedly, a lunch item).
5	My car is currently being worked on and I was craving a real breakfast but couldn't leave the house. I thought I was completely out of luck until I found out this place delivers to my area. I ordered breakfast skillets for myself and my husband and we were both impressed by the quality and the amount of food! We both only ate half so even though it was a bit expensive, we get a whole other meal out of it so I was happy. Plus there is no delivery fee, but you have to get a minimum $20 order (not hard to do if feeding 2 people). Overall I was very impressed and delivery was about 30 minutes, like they said. I will definitely order from here again.
4	One of the best places for breakfast. We used to live within walking distance and we would have breakfast here frequently. Scott's rivals Chompies with large hearty breakfasts with quicker and better service.We usually stick to omelets. They are giant, overstuffed, kinda greasy but good. The home fries are some of the best in the city. And all the egg dishes include the option of a bagel with cream cheese. Their bagels are awesome. After filling your belly with goodness, stop by Karsh's next door to take some pastries home for later.
5	Our family wanted to thank Tony for providing a Great Passover meal for a single Dad with kids. Everyone was very happy and filled. Love you guys..
3	Ehhhhh Thats really all I have to say about this place. I randomly stopped here for my lunch break while I was working in the area. I'm originally from NY and really REALLY miss the NY style deli/diner's. I was excited to see if they carried cannolis, unfortunately they didn't, they might but that day didn't have any. Was really hoping to buy 2 for my parents, whom are natives to the Bronx. I sat myself, the tables were a bit dirty. Service was a older woman, she was very pleasant. I got a grilled chicken sandich and fries. The sandwich was great, fries were burnt and horrible. I MIGHT, just might stop by here again, if I'm in the area and have no other options.
4	The Monte Cristo Sandwich is the way to go when you order here. It's huge! So be sure to have an appetite or bring a friend to share. This deli style restaurant is laid back and casual. I feel like I'm eating in a deli in the heart of New York City. I have fond memories of dining with my mom here. The service is easy and quick and the food is delicious!
3	I've heard about this place before, and finally stopped in with a friend today for lunch. I'm on a deli kick as of late, and have been craving Gefilte fish like crazy.  I liked it over all, but I must admit, HOW DOES A DELI (THE SECOND ONE AT THAT THIS WEEKEND) RUN OUT OF GEFILTE FISH AND BEET BORSCT?!  HOW? WHY?I have to say, that was all I wanted. Odd? not to me.  So, off I went scouring the menu for other items.  I will say, the waiter was extremely knowledgeable and explained that all that sort of stuff comes from New York and as of recently, there's been "issues" getting their hands on this stuff? Is there a gefilte fish strike going on somewhere? A beet farmer protest that I don't know about? SERIOUSLY?!?!?Overall Robyn and I had a great time here. We really enjoyed our food, the service was great and it went really well.  I would eat here again, but I would insist on them having Gefilte fish before I go.....(ok ok I'm just kidding, but seriously, I need gefilte fish.....)
5	Best pastrami Reuben on the planet! The corned beef one was just as good but that pastrami is still on my brain. Def gotta taste it in your lifetime!
4	Holy cow! The Scott's Perfect Reuben-Reuben Sandwich is an accurate portrayal of perfection! I got it with corned beef and pastrami, with sauerkraut and Swiss cheese, grilled excellently on rye bread. This is the perfect place in Phoenix to grab a quick bite while you are doing some grocery shopping (or clothing shopping at the Buffalo Exchange a few stores down) and the price is very reasonable here. It came with fries, cole slaw and wedged pickles.It definitely reminded me of what you'd find at Kat's Deli and Second Ave Deli in NYC!
4	I cannot believe that I never wrote a review for Scott's Generations!  I must stop here once every couple weeks or so.  It would be more often if I was in the neighborhood more...  The have the BEST chopped liver in town.  I'm not a big knish fan, but one of my friends is.  She drives from Surprise just to get one.  I'm a huge fan of the Reuben sandwiches.I stop for lunch, but I never go home without a pound of chopped liver, some delicious slaw, and (real chewy) bagels.My only beef with this place is that they close early.  I can never get here in time for dinner.
3	I ordered an omelet with ham, peppers, onions, and cheese. The omelet was decent but a little greasy - and could have used some thicker chunks of ham. The side of potatoes and challah toast were pretty good.Service was good, and it seems like a nice enough place. I may be back next time I'm looking for an early nearby breakfast.
4	Pastrami, pastrami, pastrami, pastrami, pastrami, pastrami." on rye...that's the way I judge a dood Deli, by their Pastrami Sandwhich. Well this isn't up there with Chompies (portin wise) but it sure was close. The pastrami sandwich was surprisingly good. I prefer thick, hand-carved pastrami, "The pastrami was a perfect mix of lean and fatty portions and  and freshly carved. Definitely better than your ordinary pastrami. The pastrami here is to die for. Never in my life I imagined that pastrami, or any kind of meat for that matter, can be so succulent and juicy. It literally melts in your mouth. I got their Pastrami Sandwhich, my wife got their reuben. To go we got 6 bagels, lox spread, chopped liver, herring in sour cream sauce and some pickels.  What's good here, the answer is everything As for the desserts ... The massive slabs of Cheeese Cake was moist and ridiculously good (and ridiculously big)FOOD:  Unbelievably lean and tasty. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my sandwich. oh and their pickles..... don't even get me STARTED they were  exactly how grandma used to make them and the pickles just topped it off. PRICE: Although the prices are a bit high you will definitely have leftovers for lunch the next day. CONCLUSION:  The portions sizes are very generous,  especially for the price! I highly recommend giving this place a try!
1	awful place, there are bugs, and the food is not the same and the staff not the same, does not know how to cook kosher, this is not a good jewish deli anymore.
5	Best corned beef in Arizona hands Down the sandwiches are big enough to share.  The place is what a typical deli should be and trust me I know delis. They have everything you can imagine on the menu.  The pictures on the wall are priceless and look like they have been there 30+ years.
4	Had Scott's Special Corned Beef Hash, and an asiago bagel.The hash was delicious! Good amount of peppers and onions.Would go back.
1	These people were so unbelievably rude to me. They were rude on the phone, they were rude when I picked my order up. I am not going back even though the food was good, not worth being treated like you are the smallest person in the world. There are a handful of other deli very very close that are just as good.Update: 11/22/14I just saw your truck driving down 7th Street in the most reckless dangerous way. Wow, if you're going to drive like a jerk, word of advice, don't vinyl wrap your truck with your business on it!
4	Very good food, and great service! I ordered a deli sandwich and was pleasantly surprised by the amount of meat on my sandwich. They did skimp on the mayonnaise and sauce so I asked for extra. Will definitely visit again!
4	Valley classic, waitress's are like 100 year old honeys, as for real ones, go elsewhere this place is all about the food. Had the hash this morning and like always, fantastic.
4	I was craving some real NY/Jewish deli, so hubby and I decided to head over there this afternoon.  I'm so glad we did, because my cravings were all satisfied.We split the chopped liver w/bagel chips.  I ended up eating most of it (plus taking some home), because it's just not hubby's "thing".  But, it was delicious!!  Unfortunately, the bagel chips weren't really from bagels I like.  Most of them were sunflower seed bagels, and I'd prefer just plain or onion. I had the brisket sandwich on an onion roll, and it was everything I could've wanted.  The brisket was juicy and tasty, so I didn't have to add anything to it.  Plus, I ended up bringing home enough of the extra meat to make another sandwich.  My hubby had the reuben, and gobbled it down so fast, I don't think I actually saw it on his plate.I also ordered a side of kugel, which he'd never had.  And, it was warm, sweet and creamy.  I was surprised my hubby liked it, because he doesn't usually like anything with raisins.To me, this is my comfort food.  It reminds me of my family back east, and I'm so glad my husband has embraced it like he has.This was actually the 2nd time we've been here, and both times have been successes.  They're a bit out of the way for us, but sometimes, ya just gotta have your deli!!
5	we came here on sunday breakfast not really into a jewish food!but im glad we stop buy here and give this place a try i love the menu and the service is really fast.worker is great and friendly.im coming back soon to scotts generation again!!!
4	Boyfriend and I were in the mood for a quick yummy lunch and he brought me here. Its an old school diner feel with older cute women that wait on you. To be honest, I wasn't particularly impressed with the layout and some of the deli choices (it didn't seem like the cleanest place to me) but the service was sweet and the food was ok. The decor is kind of funny, it definitely embraces "generations" as it has old wedding photos and family photos on the wall. We both had pastrami sandwiches but I had only a half with some soup and boyfriend had the whole. The soup was really thick with veggies and meat. The flavoring wasn't my favorite but boyfriend really liked it. The sandwich was good, but a bit greasy and HUGE. This is definitely the place to go when you have a hangover. We could have split the one sandwich since it was so huge. I was able to eat about 1/4 of it since they give you massive chunky fries and cole slaw.I saw some other people getting different things and it looked good so I would come back to try some other items but this isn't my number one favorite place by any means.I probably would have rated this a 3-3.5 but the older ladies were just so sweet.
1	Scott's Generations? Never again. I've been wanting to try Scott's for years. I love deli, and I was very disappointed by the food, service and overall experience I had at Scott's today. During the end of the lunch rush Scott's was empty. That should have been a sign. The restaurant was filthy. The temperature was hot and sticky despite having the the door open (it was about 72 in phoenix today.)The booths had exposed cushioning, tables hadn't been cleared or cleaned and the floor looked like something that belonged in an episode of kitchen nightmares. Ignoring these details was a poor choice on my part. My friend and I finally found a clean-ish booth and sat down. Our table was dirty, and when the waitress came by I had to ask her to wipe it off even though there were visible crumbs and our menus were sticky. She acted like it had never occurred to her to clean a table off before. She actually tilted her head when I asked her to do so, as if she had been confused by the request. We should have just left. We ordered our food. I got a pathetic bowl of matzo ball soup, my friend a sad looking chicken noodle. I had one very tiny measly looking matzo ball, and the veggies had been cooked to death. There were chicken bones in my soup. The flavor tasted like it had been seasoned with a generic version of Stouffer's dressing mix. I ordered a lean pastrami and asked for it to go. It came to our table without fries  accompanied by the saddest, wilted coleslaw. It was not prepared to go. The pastrami was fatty (despite the menu bragging about how they don't charge extra for lean) The pickles were great, and house made. The pickles were the only bright spot of the meal. My friend asked if they had soda by the bottle, the waitress forgot that they carried Dr Brown's (a deli staple) and I had to jog her memory. She forgot the request twice and after being reminded twice she finally brought the soda.By this point I was so over it I just wanted to leave. I asked for a box, she over charged us, I didn't give a flying fig about that and over paid just to be able to leave. Six hours later my stomach is upset. I won't be returning. I may be calling the health inspector. Like many generational things, I hope Scott's gets left in the past.
4	Living in Midtown Phoenix we have a lot of trendy breakfast stops that offer top notch meals, but with those top notch meals comes higher prices and long waits. Some days you just want cheap eggs and pancakes without a ton of effort. Scott's Generations is my go to for these days. I love walking in and automatically getting the feeling that you're in a mom and pop diner straight out of a Seinfeld episode (they sell black and white cookies!) The service is always friendly and fast. The food's not the best in town, but sometimes basic pancakes and eggs is all you want and they do it well. But don't expect to have fancy pancakes with lots of add ins like other nearby pancake places. So if a basic breakfast or lunch is what you're looking for, I would definitely come here.
1	I live in the neighborhood and have wanted to try this place out for a few years. This morning, my wife, daughter and I walked there for brunch. We sat out side, ordered and ate. The food was average, and a bit overpriced. The place was a little dirty.I am an Asian American, and was born in Vietnam. My given name is Dung, which is an unfortunate name to have in the states, but it is my given name .  After I paid my tab at the counter , as I walked away, the man who tendered the transaction walked to his colleague with my receipt. They said my name out loud, audible to me from twenty  feet away, and half way out the door, and laughed out loud. He then said,  "hahah, they named their stupid kid Dung!HAHAHAH".   I've lived with this my whole life, but not so much as an adult.   This was disappointing to me that these men, who represent their business, were this rude and insensitive. So, Scott's Generation WILL be receiving a letter of complaint by me and I plan on filing a letter of complaint to the BBB.If you are looking for a food /  restaurant review, this place is overrated. The food is forgettable  and the service, was beyond description.
5	The sandwiches are as big as your head and the bagels are always fresh! I come here as often as I can and I love the people! This is a great place and it's a fun place to bring the family and/or group. Best in town!
3	I was craving lox so I made my first trip to Scott's Generations.  Got there at 12:30pm on a Sunday and it was super quiet, just about five other people in there.  The setup is classic diner/deli; leather booths, good American easy listening/classic rock playing in the background.  I can see how some people might say the place is dirty but if you've ever been to a NYC deli...it's not anything shocking or out of the ordinary.  Didn't bother me at all.I ordered the L.E.O Special - lox, eggs, onions and a bagel.  The board menu can be a bit overwhelming with tons of options, so I was glad I took a look at the menu before I got there.  Ordered my food to go and it was ready in 10 minutes.  BUT - the black and white cookies are fake.  The icing is that store bought crap just spread on the cookie.  Any true b&w cookie connoisseur will be able to tell just by looking at them that they won't taste the same as the real deal.  I tried just to make sure and was correct.Overall I was satisfied with the food and experience.  Not amazing, but not horrible.  I'd go back - not a lot of places to find lox here.  And they have Knishes.  I'll try that next.
5	Let's talk about Jewish delis.This is Phoenix, not Detroit or Boston or New York or Los Angeles, but hot damn, the food here definitely could be. Coming from Detroit, I have been searching for a proper bagel, a properly smoked salmon, a proper Reuben, a properly seeded rye, a proper YOU NAME IT, and Scott's has served. Don't walk in here expecting a fancy dining experience; it's not that kind of place. It features quality, monster portions and incredibly friendly staff. Every restaurant is going to have have a particular specialty. For Scott's, go in and ask them what that specialty is. If you ask for mostacholi at a deli, there's a good chance it might let you down. But if you ask for kugel or corned beef or matzoh ball soup, this is your jam. For me, it's a taste of home. The three best parts of my trip: Crunchy new-dill pickles, Dr. Browns pop, and perfectly seasoned cow tongue (yum!). My friend got the Black Forest (which is smoked turkey and corned beef with actual carmelized onions on pumpernickel) and I got the Scott's Ruben-Ruben; both were SUPERB and large enough for us to take home 3/4's of them. We could not stop effusing or closing our eyes in happiness. The prices are standard; the options are endless; the service is fast, friendly, and knowledgeable. Treat yourself. You won't be disappointed.
5	It's just a great place to eat!!!
1	Living in the neighborhood, I've been to Scott's maybe three times. The food is pretty good admittedly but I can never get past the prices or the awful service. You would think that you get your sandwich wrapped in gold leaf.Miracle Mile deli is good and more reasonable, and frankly I'd rather drive the extra mile. No pun intended. Scott's does not give me ANY reason to return. The service is atrocious. I once stood at the counter for almost 5 minutes before being acknowledged. They should pack up and move back to NY where people are ok being treated like jerks for walking in the door.
2	Disappointing deli. The place just seemed dirty. Has the menu been replaced in a decade? No Kreplach. The chicken broth in the matzoh ball soup was of poor flavor and dilute. My daughter wouldn't even eat it.The tuna and egg salads were pretty good but we did not get the sides that were advertised with the dishes and the tomato in which the tuna was stuffed was hard and flavor-less. The waitress must have made 20 trips to get us everything in our order and we didn't request any substitutions.This is not a kosher-style deli either. Plenty of bacon and ham on the menu.I would have given this a 1-star but other ratings indicated that some of the meatier items were satisfactory and I did not get a chance to try those. Unfortunately, I won't since I'm unlikely to return.
5	Best breakfast sandwich ever! I may be biased because 1) I love bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches on a fresh made everything bagel almost more than life itself and 2) any legit easy coast, Jewish deli, complete with that East Coast attitude makes me feel like home... But seriously, their bagels are amazing, they fry their eggs to order perfectly (easy, medium, hard), and the cheese is a perfect consistency every time! I've also had their brisket sandwich and their pastrami - both of which do not disappoint in any way shape or form. Scott's is definitely my go to when I want a little taste of the East Coast!
2	The breakfast was gross. Waited 25 minutes for basic breakfast. Apparently the cook doesn't know the difference between American cheese and Cheddar cheese, and has trouble following their own menu. While there, the manager/owner took a call and refused to refund an order for a to go customer who was given the wrong order. He stated he couldn't perform a refund to the credit card, which is a blatant lie, not to mention poor customer service. Should have just come in for a bagel and probably would have been satisfied.
2	Way overpriced.  There sub should be priced at 6.50 tops.  It's just okay at best.  Their pickle taste like its been marinated in salt.  The worse part about it was that my buddy wanted to go somewhere else but we went to this place on my suggestion.  Fortunately, there was no rift caused in our friendship.
1	These people were so unbelievably rude to me. They were rude on the phone, they were rude when I picked my order up. I am not going back even though the food was good, not worth being treated like you are the smallest person in the world. There are a handful of other delis very very close that are just as good.Update: 11/22/14I just saw your truck driving down 7th Street in the most reckless dangerous way. Wow, if you're going to drive like a jerk, word of advice, don't vinyl wrap your truck with your business on it!
4	This place is a favorite among my boyfriend's family and it's definitely become a favorite of mine. We try to make it a point to go here for breakfast at least once a month. Their bagels are the best in Phoenix! They put the toppings not only on the top, but on the bottom of the bagel, so no matter what side you eat, you're getting topping goodness. The service can be slow, but it always ends up being worth it.
5	An AZ  institution...there's no other deli like it anywhere. Terrific food. Spend a little or spend a lot it's entirely up to you. Very crowded on weekends and for lunch so go in off-hours for the best experience.
3	Food is great and our waiter was great but food trickled trickled out of the kitchen. If your planning on a quick meal this isn't the place to go.
3	Service was great.  Our waitress stayed on top of our needs. My associate and I  work in a CPA firm down the street.  We decided to go to lunch here. The environment is nice - not outstanding but the place was clean. I ordered the Rueben which was fantastic it completely met my expectations.  My associate ordered the Juan's Join the Club.  He was underwhelmed. He told me the sandwich was dry and that he would have to take the half he did not eatit home and freshen it up.
5	Being from the east coast it is nice to have something that reminds me of home!  Great food and a little attitude! lol  Bagels are really good and one of the only places I know of in Phoenix to get a good knish!  The deli sandwiches are stacked with high quality meat!
4	food is still good , slice of pastami n rye is heaven on earth, with dr brown root beer no y ou didn't jgo for the ambience its those delcious heartstoping sandwhciches..and be patient you mave have wait for a table.. but you can always take out..smile
4	Listen, if you go here for the food and the "old New York" atmosphere, you will enjoy it. The pastrami is second to none and the characters that work there are one of a kind. Take it all in. It is pricey and a bit of a dive, but it is old New York at its best.
5	WOW! Fantastic place that I have been ignoring for years, but glad I finally came to  my senses! So its hard to order here because everything looks so darn good, literally I could not make up my mind on what to get, I wanted it ALL!  So I settled for the corned beef hash and it was FRESH MADE AND FANTASTIC!!!! The sandwiches all looked piled high and the pancakes are huge! The waiter was super knowledgable, friendly, caring (when do ever hear that one in a review?), and seemed to love his job to the fullest.Do yourself a favor and stop in, this is as good as it gets!
