5	It's not truly 5 star in the fine dining experience way but its 5 star is for rethinking the Dennys/Friendlys experience and making it affordable , self serving and Health oriented.You walk in to this huge display of salad, some pre made some you make yourself.  I thought this was it but then there was the soup and chili bar, the bakery and the pasta station.  Everything is brightly labeled with VEGETARIAN and LOW-FAT being prominent on the description.The staff is super-friendly and helpful and there is no rush to get out though the place can often be quite busy.
3	Sweet Tomatoes is a buffet salad and soup bar much like Fresh Choice or Souplantation.  The greens are crisp and fresh.  There is a good variety of salad items and at least five soups and chilis, plus three pastas.  I am very fond of their Cream of Mushroom soup.  Not too thick and full of mushrooms.  Unfortunately it is only sporadically available.  My basic reservations with this restaurant is consistency.  Sometimes the soups are universally too sweet.  Sometimes they are all too bland.  The same is true of the pasta.  Sometimes they are a bit short of staff and the tables haven't been cleared in a while.  It is a good solid salad bar, but it is not great.
4	I love salad bars, but after having so much horrible luck at Souper Salad I was reticent to try Sweet Tomatoes.  I really shouldn't have been.  Where Souper Salad's greens were wilty and colorless, Sweet Tomatoes' were bright and perky and everything was delicious and fresh.  They make different specialty salads depending on what's in season and they're all delicious. Everything was clean, full and well maintained and the dining room was bright.  A good place for a really good salad.
4	A healthy and affordable place.  They have some great salads because the greens are nice and crisp.  The premade salads are fairly better than average.  I like making my own.  The corn bread and other bakeries are the "bomb-diggity" meaning it's very good.  The soups weren't too great the last time I went.  A bit too salty.  The only other gripe I have is that the last time I went, it wasn't busy at all, but they didn't take away the plates on our table until we were nearly finished eating there, but usually they're good about it.
3	I have a hard time paying ten bucks for a salad, especially when I have to make it myself. But as far as salad bars go, Sweet Tomatoes is pretty good. The vegetables seem fresh and there is a variety to choose from. More importantly, they also have an ice cream machine and cookies. If you are looking for a quick bite in the Henderson area, the Sweet Tomates is your spot!
3	I have eaten here several times, and overall, I have had good experiences.  I am a huge fan of their specialty salad, Wonton Chicken Happiness.  I also love their Big Chunk Chicken Noodle Soup (although today it was a little bland). I have found that their selection of both salad greens and toppings as well as pastas, soups, and baked goods are "souperior" to other similar establishments like Souper Salad. Sweet Tomatoes is a little more spendy, but I think this is a good example of when you get what you pay for. I initially gave them 4 stars, but took off a star for an experience I had with a group (6 people) where we felt very rushed, and the staff was rude.
2	Normally we have a great experience when we go to Sweet Tomato, my husband is a vegetarian, so it is perfect for us both to enjoy a meal. We visited Sweet Tomato on Saturday, 9/1/07 at approximately 3:20pm, the place was a wreck...the majority of the tables had dirty dishes on them, there were no customers sitting at them, we stood with our tray for approximately 3-4 minutes looking for a place to sit. There were four of us, so we crammed all four of us into a booth....when we went up to the food bar, the Chicken Noodle soup, which is usually my favorite, was low, I figured that they were bringing more out, after I got my breads, took it back to my table, sat and ate my salad, went back and the soup was still not filled...there had been a "manager" taking the temperature of the soup and that was it....the place was disgusting., kids were running around screaming, a toddler was screaming, and no manager came to the party to quiet them down......I don't know what happened that day but my party of four was not real pleased with the conditions...
3	For a causual, reasonably priced, quick bite-this place rocks!  The salad makings were fresh & well maintained, the soups are pretty good, but the chili is my favorite, although on my last visit it seemed to be watered down.  My kids love the ice cream machine, and their blueberry muffins are the best!
4	I have eaten here many times, since I first tried this place a few months ago. My friends and I were weaning away from eating the regular Strip buffets, so we settled on one that was a lot more healthy. The salads, the foccacia bread, the soups...all delicious! I especially love their asian chicken salad and their broccoli salad. If you're a big muffin person, you have to eat their muffins with their apple butter! It's so good! Don't feel bad when you eat here! A lot of their food items are low in fat. If you want to eat at a buffet, you can eat a little bit more healthy and save more money at Sweet Tomatoes (costs about $8.50 for the buffet with a drink). I'd eat at Sweet Tomatoes any day.
4	I've visited this place many times, but always with my wife and at dinner time. Today I went at lunch and what a difference!, I never had my plates removed or even have someone ask if everything was ok. The young man was more concerned that I got the correct color glass than listening to me say I was a senior. The food was excellent as usual and the price is cheaper for lunch.
4	Being the only vegetarian in the family, I love that we can all go here and grab lunch. Even my honey's grandmother likes this place. The price is usually right and I tend to get my fill of salads-which I rarely do when I am away from home.
5	Who can beat healthy? Full salad bar , baked potatoes, four or five choices of soups, pastas, corn bread, muffins and all that.....Its a place to go when you are hungry but cant afford to overload on fat calories. Just go easy on the dressing ...& the pastas... & the bread & the potatoes & the soups & ... looks like the entire selection. Oh what the heck, just go enjoy a nice Salad Bar at least you'll be fibre-up. Two thumbs up on this one!
3	These places are pretty much the same everywhere and there is little difference in terms of food and service. This place is no exception. I will say that the person managing our table was more than attentive and returned often to offer refills. That's pretty cool.While everything is fresh and tasty, there is one thing that irritates me a little about this place. I don't like the way they cut up their veggies. Almost everything is julienne or match stick and I don't always like the way that feels. I would rather the salad appear that it was prepared just for me. It would make me feel a little better about $12.00. That's about what it is with a drink.
4	It makes me happy when I eat here. They have the best tasting soup in a buffet. I love their muffins and cookies. They have much better quality than other Souper Salad.
5	i'm a salad bar junkie, so come here any chance i get. i love all of the different toppings, and things are always fresh.  they also change out their soup selection pretty regularly, but keep the solid standbys.  the to-go option is not bad, either.  they give you plenty of containers to get soup, salad, and anything else you need.lastly, if you join club veg and provide your email address, you get a 2 for 1 coupon nearly every month, which makes this place that much better!
4	My Description:  Sweet tomatoes is a salad buffet and dinner cost us $9.95 per person. The food was fresh, I didn't see any wilted vegetables, the selection of salad toppings (ie, cucumber, cherry tomatoes, kidney beans, beets, etc.) were great!  There were about 8 different salad dressings to choose from.  They had about 8 soups to choose from, a couple pasta dishes (including mac&cheese) and the fruit selection was my only disappointment due to the small selection.  Soft serve dryers frozen yogurt (choco or vanilla) and the dessert was so-so.  My Review: GREAT for the price, staff was friendly and bussers were great at coming by and taking empty plates, atmosphere pleasant, restaurant was clean.  They have a great to-go deal that we'll be taking advantage of, you can create your own salad for just under $6 or add on a soup and some extras for about $8- a healthy option for sure!
4	This place is good when you want to get a salad made your way and some other healthy choices. The service is pretty good and I personally enjoy the drink selections.. The pomegranate green tea is amazing. It is slightly like the chain fresh choice in northern California except sweet tomato has fewer choices. There is not a lot that can be said about this place, you serve yourself and they clear your table. So far... good job.
2	Very overpriced for what you get. The soups were very mediocre and the chili hardly had any evidence of meat??? The breads were good. The salad bar lacked protien and the chicken they sell you for $1.25 for 2 oz  is a joke. Supposed you want the chicken warm? The ones they sell you is in a plastic container and chills on ice. If you are really into healthy eating, chipolte is better or any of the other mexican types like that.  This palce has more non nutritious items than nutritious ones. Chances are I will never eat here again. It was my first time and I was disappointed. Salad bar plus drink was almost $12 with tax. WASTE of MONEY.
4	Always liked this place. This branch had more soup varieties than others.
3	$9.07 is your total cost if you just get the salad buffet and a glass of water. Pretty reasonable. Sweet Tomatoes consists of one huge salad bar, a six soup bar, three pasta dishes bar, baked potato bar, and a dessert bar of some fruit, cottage cheese, pudding or apples. Everything is self serve, and they have fountain soda. Fountain pop? Fountain soda pop? Fountain cokes? What do Nevadans say? I haven't found out.After four trips, I'm starting to find the salads monotonous. (Four trips to the restaurant, not the salad bar!) But when the urge to pack myself full of romaine and spinach is at hand, this is the best place to turn to in south Henderson.Every day they have a lineup of homemade soups and chili. They tend to lack salt, but Sweet Tomatoes's whole raison d'etre is cheap healthy eating.They have these fresh baked breads that are borderline pizza which are great.
4	I love Sweet Tomatoes on Sunday mornings. I get coupons for Sweet Tomatoes emailed to me each month, that makes the price pretty reasonable. Sweet Tomatoes is a good salad bar during the week but on Sunday they open early (9 am I believe) and serve breakfast items. We went this morning and in addition to our salads we had a waffle (me), french toast, scrambled eggs (husband) and home fries (both) as well as the very yummy blueberry muffins. Plus coffee and juice for $20 total.For lunch and dinner, they do serve more then just salad... Baked potatoes, soups and pasta dishes are also included in the price. It's all on the healthier side, but nothing wrong with that!
5	This is probably the healthiest buffet you can eat at in Las Vegas haha! It's great. Unlimited salad and soup! Their pasta isn't as great, but they have a lot of breads and muffins too. They have a full salad bar where you can assemble your own heaping pile of green goodness. Then you can migrate over to the soup counter where they always have around 5-6 different types of soups to choose from. A lot of their soups are seasonal too, so it's always something different when you come.
5	I love this place. Super fresh and super yummy.Join the email list and get B1G1 Free coupons!!Love, Love, Love the strawberry lemonade. Breakfast is good, a little bit of everything.Salad bar has lots of choices..my salads end up huge!Yummy  soups & muffins. I dont feel so bad eating here as I do when I hit a real buffet place.
2	well. a little too pricey for salad.
3	The price is right with coupons for this place.. Unfortunately I found salad not bad but the pasta too watery especially the Mac and cheese. Unlimited on all foods- salad,soup,muffins,dessert-ice cream. Parking lot was easy to find a place to park even though it seem small ?The gal clearing the used dishes,very busy and doing her job with a smile..
4	This place is great. It is an AYCE salad & soup and my fav frozen yogurt. Typically throughout the year they will have various themes. For example in one month will be strawberry month - or pineapple month, and they will have salads and soups and or desserts infused with this favorite item. almost like Iron chef's "Secret ingredient". I love it. In the summer months they have different countries as their themes, Greece, Mexico, etc. I missed mexico's month by one day and I was not happy. There was an instance where I had Cream of Cauliflower soup and I have yet to ever see this delicious soup again. I always hope it will be there the nxt time I go.. ah maybe someday.Salads: They have all the toppings and ingredients you could ever want including pre-mixed salads i.e. caesar salad, asain salad and typically some broccoli salad. Really good. Soups: they usually have various chii's and staples like chunky chicken noodle, cream of asparagus, chicken tortilla, santa fe black bean. mmm so good. This place is a must try. I used to use their bogo free coupons but they have a fine print item on them (if you join the veg club that says not valid i Nevada.) wth? That kinda upset me b/c why email it to me if you know I reside in NV? Ive only been back once since this altercation and that was to go tthe Mexico month- which I missed by one day b/c it didnt go to the end of the month, but only to the 28th. Arrgh.  Either way you have to try this place at least once.
4	It is really hard to eat a buffet when you don't eat meat.  Sweet Tomatoes makes it so much easier for those who want to indulge in a good buffet, and not feel bad after having it.  They have an abundance of choices to make your own salad or you can also have some of their pre-made salads.  I also love their baked potato.  I really need to learn how to make this.  They also have an extensive varieties of soups.  They have bread, pastries, soft serve ice cream, fruits, and pasta.  Also, after 4pm, they serve a special dessert just for dinner.  I for one enjoy everything they have.  If you do go there, be careful not to over indulge because that will defeat the whole purpose of "eating healthy."
5	CHEAP HEALTHY FOOD!  That's all I can say!  It's very difficult to find a place where you can get cheap healthy food.  It's great! They definitely keep the buffet nice and presentable.  I'm a germ-a-phob so little spillings or drips on the sides...those things and I do not jive.  You need to try this place.   Just FYI, I am also not a health eater.  But this place, I do love...and I will go to again...
5	i recently took my family out to there...which we go there allot cause my 3 yr old nephew loves salad. the place is always clean and the staff very friendly. the service is outstanding. the only draw back i have is that there are none closer to my place. and that the one closest to me is always crowded and parking is a bit hellish......but i do love the place
4	I'm tempted to give this place 5 stars because Sweet Tomatoes has turned me into a salad person.  I have always said 'I don't like salads.'  Sweet Tomatoes, heretofore known as ST, has turned me onto the green leafy goodness that is so versatile!  I'm a fan of ST's Wonton Chicken Salad (I think that's the one).  I don't know what it is about this fixed salad that makes me crave it for days--weeks even--after I've last eaten there.  I'm convinced it's the seasoning.   I experienced said deliciousness by accident:  the first time I was taken to eat at ST, the guy in line ahead of me filled his entire plate, and left enough of a serving for me (he seemed to feel bad to empty the entire bowl on the bar).  Observing his pillage, I tried what remained of the Wonton Chicken Salad and have been hooked since!  In hindsight, that dude knew exactly what he was doing!  To back up a moment, you walk into ST and immediately sanitize your hands.  At least you should as two sanitization stations are located on each end of the salad bar line.  Cleanliness is part of ST's company culture and it's not going to kill you.  You get a tray and proceed down the salad bar line.  There's the usual salad fixing fare plus the fancier stuff so don't stop at just my suggestion.  You can always go back for more.  ST offers the usual iced or hot teas, sodas and coffee, but definitely try the strawberry lemonade.  Just do it; don't question.  It pairs quite nicely with my fixed salad of choice.  Two adults can eat dinner there for about $26.00.  For a healthy buffet plus soup bar and bakery, plus drink refills, you're getting a pretty good price.  As you pay and exit the salad bar, you choose where you sit.  The atmosphere is warm and family-friendly.  The decor is soft colors:  oranges, reds and greens.  I feel cozy in there.  There are servers who--bless them--bring around chocolate chip cookies for each patron.  You can buy those same cookies pre-packaged for two bucks or less at 13 cookies, but if you think about it, you can make your own for that same price if you pick up the ingredients at Wal-Mart.  Still, it's awfully cozy having someone bring you chocolate chip cookies.  The soup bar is in the back near the bakery and ice cream station.  I love the tomato basil bisque but to my disappointment, that item is only served in the fall.  There are 10 or so other options so there's not a lot of room for disappointment.  Currently, ST is serving this chocolate lava cake which is shockingly not too sweet or overly filling because it's more of a muffin than cake.  I seriously doubt its sugar-free but I believe some of ST's options are more in line with a diabetic's diet.  No matter how full I am, I always squeeze in a blueberry muffin.  They're warm no matter what time I go and perfectly blueberry-sweetened.  In addition to the sweeter items, there are soft bread sticks, wheat biscuits, and other bread & bakery fare choices.  I can't imagine anyone being entirely disappointed with the offerings even though the menu varies a little day to day and season by season.  Nothing wrong with spicing things up a bit, in my opinion.  Leave a tip for the server if you're so inclined or deserving of it (i.e.picked up your empty plates and dishes and brought you cookies).  If time is an issue, you can also take out from ST and I believe they serve family style take-out as well.  ST is a great place to eat healthy, stay in budget, and feel good about what you've eaten without walking away feeling unsatisfied.
4	What the effff, why haven't I been here earlier?BUFFET OF SALAD AND PASTA IS LIKE HEAVEN TO ME!And it's only $8. Hellloooooooooooooooo, I think I want to eat at Sweet Tomatoes for my last meal on earth.They have all kinds of salads..specialty kinds and the regular ones with allllllllll the toppings you could think of. They have jello...and I don't know why jello goes well at salad bars but, whatevs, I love! They had dark chocolate yogurt, love love LOVE!
5	Tip : You can use the coupon from your smartphone.  1. Go to Spoofee.com2. Click "Coupons"3. Click "Sweet Tomatoes"  4. Show the coupon on your phone at the cash registerIf you are home or at the office, you can print a coupon here http://www.spoofee.com/coupons/Sweet_Tomatoes-coupon-promo-codes.php
5	Once you get past all the health hazards of dining at a salad bar (I want to applaud those who used the hand sanitizer, cough or sneeze into their arm, and those who do not eat from the line), this place is virtually heaven for those who love their vegetables. For eight to ten dollars this is a great deal. They have two signature salads that are served all the time. The Caesar is refreshingly light and not overtly creamy or heavy. The other is an Asian chicken salad which is tangy and sweet. This is the only option of getting meat in your salad without paying the additional two dollars for a tiny container. There is also a third specialty salad that changes every month.Sweet Tomatoes offers an endless amount of options and toppings for the herbivores.I always start with two plates, one for the specialty salads and one to create my own masterpiece. By the end of the line, everyone around seems impressed by how much I manage to stick onto one plate. It resembles a mountain more than a salad. The staff are friendly and very attentive. When one container starts to look shabby or low, they will swap it out while making small talk. They always have a large selection of soups, breads, pizzas, and pastas, but what I love the most are the sweets.My favorites are the chocolate lava cake, warm brownie, or the fresh baked cookies. What goes best with any of these selections? The fat-free Dreyer's soft serve ice cream. If given the option, I would put ice cream on almost anything. Tell me it is fat-free and it is likely that you will see me with my mouth open directly under the dispenser.
4	I Love this place.  It is a great way to fill up for about $11.00 on fresh, yummy food!  Every time I go the salad station is full and clean.  The soups always hot.  The staff is quick to clean off the tables and clear your used plates.  When you go please remember to leave a tip on the table for the people clearing tables, they are working hard!
4	I eat here at least once every two weeks.  I love it.  I love salad and I like to eat healthy.  The great thing about this place is that you can choose to not eat healthy as well.  They have muffins, breads, pastas, and soups as well as all the salad and veggies one can eat.  I love the cornbread  because it has corn kernals baked into it.  I like to go with a two plate tray to start out.  I probably eat about four plates of salad every time I go.  Not always a big fan of the soups.  Two out of the eight or so usually catch my eye.  They have rotating desserts every month along with specialty soups and salads that go along with the monthly theme.  Sign up for the Club Veg and you get coupons every couple of weeks or so for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  If you're lucky they come around with fresh baked chocolate chip cookies.  The staff is always friendly and they are quick to clean up your used plates/trays.
5	I always love Sweet tomatoes. But I am about a rabbit and love my salads.
5	Like any successful chain restaurant, once you've got the formula down, you just do it over and over again. I like coming here because there's good variety and I feel like I'm eating kinda healthy. I know what to expect with the flavors and the quality and it's super easy when you have kids or just want a very casual dining experience.I'd go to Sweet Tomatoes over any other buffet in Las Vegas. It's less than $9/person and I leave perfectly satisfied. I don't need no stinkin' carved meats or bad desserts from other buffets. Sweet Tomatoes keeps it simple, fresh, affordable and satisfying.
5	Can't really go wrong here. The food is always fresh and the staff are obnoxiously friendly. It helps that they always have a lot of coupons which is cool because fresh/healthy food is normally way over priced. Beverages here are a little ridiculous price wise, but you can always just drink water. :)
4	Good buffet (AYCE) place for picky eaters. Healthy foods with alot of flavors. My kids always love it and their cold foods are perfect for summertime. Their lil chocolate chipper cookies and strawberry lemonade are worth the trip! For the most part almost everything is meatless (with the exception of some proteins in the soups, or bacon for the potatoes). Even if the parking lot is full, I've never had to wait for a table, and the line moves fast. Breakfast is served on Sundays, coupons are available through their email club (good deal), and usually weekly with your ads that are delivered in the mail (usually a family deal for $19.99 for 2 kids amd 2 adults). It runs about $8-10 for an adult buffet and then a drink is additional. Just get a regular size since refils are free at their beverage bar.
3	As many times as I've made the trip to Sweet Tomatoes I always leave there with the same thing to say about it.. so I thought I'd share those thoughts with everyone for a change! (exciting, right?) Grab your lunch room tray, a plastic plate and lets get the party started! Your first (usually) 3 options are mushy pre-dressed "theme" salads, great for the folks lacking imagination in putting together their own salad from scratch. Then on to the salad troff's.. Three types of lettuce to choose from, just about every veggie you can think of, along with a decent spread of additional salad toppings and dressings to choose from; the sky is the limit (or the sneeze guard for that matter) when it comes to piling on a massive salad creation. Next you'll grab your lunch room plastic cup, pay and proceed to the drink station. Depending on the day of the week, you may get to choose your own seat (yey!) or a host/ess will seat you. My experience last night consisted of more children than adults (it felt like it at least) and the smell of dirty feet and a mild side of locker room over powered the aroma of the soups and hot foods out on display. As much as I enjoy a good salad and a hearty (or several) bowls of soup along with mac and cheese and the frozen yogurt bar, I hardly feel the experience is worth the $13 I paid to dine there. The concept is great but it's hard to enjoy yourself when you're tripping over toddlers, waiting on zitty teenagers to hand pick each individual mac and cheese noodle.. and getting past the locker room smell was just a bit much for me last night. All in all, if you have a coupon, if it's not a weekend night, fine, go for it, but other than that, save yourself the special trip unless you absolutely MUST have some of their amazing (and only redeeming part of this venue) chicken noodle soup. :) Oh, yeah! The service is always great, that's another saving grace.
4	Salad buffet? Really? That is what I thought when my Aunt and Uncle brought me here for lunch. Little did I know how much there actually is to choose here. Super cheap for around $10 and you can go back for more and more.All different types of greens to choose from and a multitude of ingredients to add along with many dressings. You can seriously go up to the buffet a dozen times and still not try everything. Plus, all of it is fresh and replenished constantly. There is also an area with soup and dessert choices. Loved the chicken soup - full of white meat chicken and delicious. Just so much to choose from here at a great price point. I was actually stuffed when we left and could not eat anything else.Clean, cheap, fresh, and a lot to choose from. Can't wait to go back next time when in Vegas visiting relatives.
4	Just stopped by on the grand opening to see what the "Express" part of this Sweet Tomatoes was all about. Here instead of the all-you-can-eat buffet you simply point and tell the employee there what you'd like on your salad. The salads are big too so you'll get your money's worth.It's very quick and they'll add as much of whatever ingredient as you like. Once your salad is built you have the option of adding a cup of soup or a muffin. I believe there were 5 different types of soups. I tried the Sweet Potato & Chorizo.. it was awesome!The prices are fair, salad alone is $6.99 or $8.99 with soup.The location alone will definitely get me to come back. It's very clean and the employees are friendly. Plus there's not blue cheese dressing sloshed in the other dressings like usual at the buffet locations.
2	We have gone here a few times. My gf being a vegetarian really loves the fresh salads and vegetables they have, It is a good selection and it is always fresh, but dang, its expensive for salads. Service is always prompt. They also walk around with cookies and offer them to the tables, my kids love it of course, who doesn't like a nice warm cookie???And something else I hate is getting banged for drinks. I think they were 2.50 or 3 bucks. For soda fountain drinks???? In the back section of the restaurant it always smells like feet too.. Just an observation.. :)                    The pastas are just OK. Sometimes the soups are good. A friend of mine told me there is no way you can eat as much food as you paid for. I kind of believe that every time I go there.. The funny thing is, with all this mediocrity, the place is always packed! I guess people love a so so place.I dunno, Sunset Station is just down the road, its cheaper and better and drinks are included!!!! I'm just sayin,,,,
4	After hearing so many people rave about this spot (and being hungover and having eaten way too much greasy hangover food), I finally got over here to try this place out. We were definitely in need of some healthy, non-stomach churning items. And this place definitely fit the bill.It's pretty cheap, especially considering how much you get and the quality of it all. All of the salad and pasta items were delicious. And most of the soups were tasty. And then there's the make-your-own sundae bar... We definitely filled up and left quite satisfied.
2	My first vegetarian restaurant...it's ok but I don't feel healthier....lol! Caused a # on the stomach! It can become quite dirty and cluttered as the night goes along.
1	This place has gone down the tubes.  We have been coming here for almost a decade and in the last year they must have a new manager.  The soups are clearly watered down, the place smells like a retirement home, and they have turned 1/5 of the salad bar into "premium" pay toppings.  For $8.99 you can find dozens of better buffets.  Why do parents let their five and six year olds go up to get their own food?  I witnessed one kid touch every brownie on the tray before picking one.  When I told the girl behind the counter about it (and said they need to dispose of the tainted food) she just laughed it off.  "They do that all the time."  Really?  That is called a health code violation.  Honestly, this place should be shut down its so dirty now.  Never again will we go here.  Never.
4	There are days when I'm the pickiest eater, and others when ANYTHING sounds good.But, Sweet Tomatoes is always a good idea. Endless soup, salad, bread, and little selections of pasta... MM..I have to admit, when I heard "Soup & Salad Buffet" i was like, uh... wtf? BUT, i was wrong. Little did i know i'd end up loving this place. I appreciate the fact that they have different flavors every month, so it's not the same ol' same ol'. Also, i get tired of tastes quickly, so I like that I can get a small plate or bowl and go get something different. OH and btw, they are CHEAP! For only $7-$8 a person, i have to say, that's the best priced buffet to fill up on! And whenever my BF & i eat there, I always hope that they bring out cookies... because I loooooove cookies and they have some of the best!
5	I had lunch here today with two very nice ladies and a beautiful baby. The atmosphere was good and accommodations for the baby was good too. They frequently checked on us and brought fresh warm chocolate cookies to our table. I will go back again.
4	I love Sweet Tomato. This place is always first choice for my mom. There salad bar is so tasty with different vegetables, fruits and salads. Often there are new combinations available. Recently, they added premium choices to the salad bar. I'm not a fan because I always get edamame when I go, and now it's $2.49 in the premium section and you only get 1 serving, so make it good. I was quite bummed. But, I love Sweet Tomato too much to stop going. The mac and cheese here is so creamy and good! I always eat more than 3 bowls of mac and cheese. The soups taste very fresh. Most of the time I get the chicken noodle and just eat the fresh egg noodles. My mom loves clam chowder and broccoli cheddar. The pizza bread is baked just right- the bread has a nice crunch while being soft. The price is not that bad if you get your money's worth. They have senior and military discounts too.The service is great too. They are always willing to help. My sister brought her baby one day and they seated us where we wouldn't be in the way of those passing by with the baby chair. The workers came around often and cleared our table, so we could indulge in even more tastiness. At one point they walk around and give everyone complimentary cookies. Although the new premium menu is a bummer, I will not turn down a trip here.
5	I love this place. Strawberry lemonade is perfect. Food is always fresh. Mix and match your food and create amazing entrees!
3	I think I made the mistake of coming here without a being too hungry.  We wanted something that wasn't fried or had to wait for service.  We had heard that this place was pretty good, so we thought we would stop by.  It's kind of intimidating when you walk in because you are slapped in the face with the salad buffet.  So, we were a little confused if we just dig right in.  So we got our salads and made our way to cashier.  We found a table and the place had kind of a weird smell.  They have a hot section next to the mega salad bar which consists of soups, baked potatoes, breads, pastas, and a sundae bar.  Like I mentioned earlier I wasn't really hungry and the placed had a weird old dish towel smell. Everyone was attacking the food bars like they had never eaten in there life!  I would be standing there and someone would just jump right in with no patience.  I hate to knock the place because it is OK.  I just not a big fan.  I just can't stop thinking about how dirty it seemed.
4	Absolutely for salad lovers. Great options. Good for kids. Sign up for coupons!
4	Sweet Tomatoes/Soup Plantation is the one restaurant I can probably dine at everyday. Salad bar with pre-tossed salads and DIY salads, various soup choices to your liking, baked potatoes with condiments, breads, muffins, pastas (most if not all taste bland, I would say avoid them unless you pour mounds of soup or something on top of them), a few fruit choices, and dessert. For the most part, this restaurant is vegetarian; so, if you're feelin like grubbin, I suggest you go somewhere else.You can always find coupons for this venue online, and they accept coupons presented on the phone (no need for print-outs).This specific locale is nothing more, nothing less than others, besides the fact that they no longer serve Clam Chowder. Average cleanliness, pleasant staff, and nothing out-of-the-ordinary that has stuck out the various times I've dined here.
2	The reason I am giving Sweet Tomatoes two stars is because of the salads and soups. I would go to one star if it was based on service and the other items they serve alone. The salad bar has a good selection of toppings and dressings. But they should get rid of the premium toppings. The items you get for another $2.50 and are just not worth it. I also do not see why we have to pay extra for drinks. With the cost of a beverage added it brings the cost above that of other buffets in town. Other pretty good buffets. If it weren't for the salad and soups I would not go at all. The soup is always pretty good and I just love the chili. It does not seem to be consistent, but always good.This last visit the line we ware in was just stopped. We stood in line for over ten minutes while the other line was processed and seated. People that came in long after my wife and I were seated well before we were. It seems there was a large party at the front of our line and they had them stand there waiting to be seated. When we got to the front of the line we asked to talk to a manager and the lady behind the counter said she was one and how could she help. We explained what had happened and she said she could not do anything about it and we needed to speak to the people doing the seating. Excuse me! A manager has no control over how the staff is working? That does not seem right. Once we were seated we did talk to someone who was a manager and she was very thoughtful. She even gave us coupons for a free visit.Another thing I do not understand is there fresh fruit bar. It consisted of whole apples, grapes and oranges. The other items were chocolate pudding, jello, and another pudding I could not identify. Fresh fruit? I don't think so.
4	If you've never been to this chain, here's my basic buffet-exploration strategy: get one plate of stuff in the salad line, take small amounts of anything you want to try, then sample any soups, bread items, or pastas that you think you'd like. Only after that should you go back for seconds. I think I ignored the perhaps underrated soups too much in my early days, but I'm making up for it these days, and the classic shrimp bisque (seasonal item) was quite good, as was the chili. Throw in your choice of toppings such as oyster crackers and cheese and you've got quite a treat. Watch out for the chicken pot pie stew next week or in the future too, and if they ever bring back that golden yam bisque, mm mm!Don't forget dessert. They have pretty good fruit, but I always flock to the fro-yo. Dreyer's/Edy's is the best frozen yogurt that I've ever had at any sort of buffet, and there's some decent toppings available (although I still mourn the loss of toffee bits).I've been to this location 3 or 4 times, but I haven't bothered to write a review before for some reason. On one of those visits, I remember being fairly impressed that the employees sang happy birthday to someone here, so that was nice. The big plus side of this location is the granola breakfast cereal that they serve on Sunday mornings (along with the rest of their breakfast menu, which I highly recommend). I haven't seen the granola anywhere else. The big minus is that it's the least spacious of all the locations that I've been to, even to the point that they didn't have tuna tarragon for some reason this morning. I thought that they'd always carry this classic, which is one of my favorites pre-mixed salads, but nooo.... Also, they were out of tortillas for some reason when we first got here and wanted breakfast burritos, but they brought them out later.In spite of not feeling good enough about this location to bestow upon it all 5 stars, I'm always very happy to eat here and I hope that I'll introduce a lot of friends soon.P.S. Has anybody bothered to stack a plate or two with premium toppings? I'm thinking of doing that some day if I wanna splurge...
4	Salad, salad and more salad!
4	Recommendation #1, sign up for their email club and you will get frequent discount coupons.They have a good selection of salad greens and toppings and also an area with bread, soup, baked potato, and pastas. Everything is all you can eat so it's a good place to fill up on salad and veggies.  They have a couple rotating soups and rotating breads and desserts, most of which are delicious.If you get a bunch of salad and veggies you can get out of here with a very healthy meal, or go nuts on everything and have a delicious feast.The service is friendly and even when it is packed there are people coming around all the time to clear your empty plates.
4	I love bringing new people here because they are like, "Soup and salad? Uhh.." but we all know, it's not just that. It's the most amazing salads put together by them or DIY salads.. they're all good since it's basically the same ingredients. The soups are always steaming hot and muffins, I go for the crunchiest ones. The only thing I don't like about this location is that clam chowder is only served on Fridays?? What's the deal with that? And also why can't the drink be included in the price? Kind of sucks but doesn't matter, I'm a water person. I could eat here everyday and not get tired of it probably. Once, I ate 6 blueberry muffins in a row :| No regrets either.
5	Awesome love it here....I can eat fresh for $12 and all I can eat ;-)
5	I brought the step daughter here today for her birthday breakfast. Its been awhile since I was here. They now have a "premium" section that costs $3 more to add to your salad. There was some chicken & tofu and a few other things.I didnt get that since there are so many other things they have.One of which was the best tomato soup..it was so creamy. I wish I would have bought a take home container of it cuz I would really enjoy snacking on that tonight!
5	Another must stop.  We don't have these on the East Coast and I am sure they are not on the way anytime soon. =(  I mean, how many times can you go to In N Out?You start off with a great salad bar, holy heck it has everything you need and want.  I can not even list what they have...I know there is lettuce.  After the salad I normally stroll over to the soups. I normally try 2 soups. Definitely have the chili, it is delicious.  Grad some breads, last time they had "grilled cheese" focaccia and a garlic focaccia.  The corn bread is a nice side dish for the chili.  I tend to skip the pasta so I can not comment on that.  I am more than happy with the salad, soup, and desert.  After the mound of salad, bowls or soups, and piles of bread (carb overload) it is time for ice cream. They do have fruit and pudding as well.  But, you can not end without taking the chocolate brownie (last visit they had PB/Choc bars) and covering it with your favorite soft serve ice cream (vanilla, chocolate, or swirl).  Add some toppings and it is time to indulge.  Pass the salad fork!
4	Some days I'm just craving for a super tasty salad.  Naturally enough, this is my go-to place (besides my kitchen) to get a grubbin salad. They also have pretty tasty soups and a little bit of pasta to munch on as well.  I would definitely recommend you hit up each and every one of the bread sticks b/c they are THE BOMB.  Plus, they switch their menu seasonally to keep their tastes fresh and appealing to us customers.  Sweet Tomatoes is convenient, fresh, and the staff is always very friendly.  The only downside is the price (I think it was $9.89 the last time I went for lunch) so be prepared to shell out some money for a nice salad lunch.  But, if you get on the email list, they give out coupons regularly so that's a +1.
3	I like Sweet Tomatoes.Especially when I utilize my email coupons and get a deal on dinner. Well, in fact i dont go to sweet tomatoes without my coupons.When I got a good craving for salad and soup, this hands down the place to come. Their chicken noodle soup is a little bland for me, but once I add salt I am good to go and love this stuff. The potato leek soup is also very tasty. And when they have thier lentil and spinach soup I am a fan of that too. However their tomato soup is KILLER. I mean to die for. It basically demolishes anything else on their menu. I want some now just thinking about it.If you are going here with a die hard meat eater, skip this place. For veggie lovers only. And every month, they have a new "flavor" or featured item so the soups and premade salads always vary.Next time you are there, get a baked potato and top with their chili and some shredded cheese. Pure yummy goodness.and you cant go wrong with their foccacia bread sticks. especially dipped in some yummy soup.
3	Last night a few of us did our newly appointed, Friday night shenanigans.  Tonight we came to Sweet Tomatoes because of the value and location.  Salad, soup and dessert bar was about $10.99.  Now this place wouldn't be the first choice when I think of great grub, but my decision was out numbered.  Here's what I thought:AMBIANCE:  The place is like a buffet joint.  You walk in, grab your tray and plate and then you start building your salad.  The decor isn't something to be excited about.  This place tries to fill a lot of people in a such a small space so there's not much of privacy, even at your table.  FOOD:  Although the ingredients are super fresh, the salad bars were sloppy and food was everywhere.  I also appreciate that there's a huge selection of salad fixings, however, I can't stand the fact that places like Sweet Tomatoes tries to upsale and already high priced buffet with "premium toppings," like chicken or artichokes.  C'mon!  Get out of here with that.  Like any other buffet out there, it should be included.I thought their premade Chinese chicken salad tasted good.  It was sweet and offered great texture with the won tons.  The Dill Potato Salad was really bland and not too good.  When it came to the soups, I loved the clam chowder and turkey chili.  I also love the fact that they have an area with all the possible toppings for your soup.  Remember that when you come here, do not miss out on the pizza type bread they have there.  It's located between the pasta and the soups.  SOOOO GOOOD!!April, apparently, was their "Lemon month."  They served things like lemon muffins, a lemon pasta with capers and lemon molten lava cake.  The molten cake was way too tart for my taste buds.Lastly, for dessert, I LOVE and LOOK FORWARD to their soft served ice cream.  You can choose to put your ice cream in a bowl or small cones.  They also have caramel or chocolate sauce and a bunch of toppings.  YUM-O.  Last night, I think I actually got full from all the desserts they have.All in all, I think this place is alright.  In a city filled with buffets, many of which are worth the price, unfortunately, I don't think Sweet Tomatoes fits in that same value.  If you're looking for a salad buffet joint, Sweet Tomatoes is a great option.  Just be sure to come early because parking is very limited!
5	Fresh and delicious! Reasonably priced! Go again. Soup bar, pasta bar, we both enjoyed it. Will go back again.
5	Great salads and soups!
4	This place is always consistent. Salad bar is yummie!
1	4 Stars? Put down the bongs everyone, come back to reality and look at what you're giving 4 Stars to. Sweet Tomatoes is what  happens when a bean counter accountant looks at a Golden Corral or Sizzler type salad bar and says what if we could build a restaurant around just the salad bar with a few non-steak extras thrown in to spiff it up? Imagine the cash we'll rake in. Hello Sysco, I want your cheapest product line....If you haven't got my point by now you never will. Seriously, it's freakin cafeteria style food. I don't know about you but I have very bad memories of school cafeteria food. So handing me a tray and sending me down the line to pick out my choices brings not so good flashbacks. In this case of Sweet Tomatoes you get picked over greens, a bunch of Sysco cheapest product possible bulk food service toppings, more bulk food type salad dressing, and all set in a decor that is circa 2010 but yet would not feel out of place in 1982. This is a place where I had an OMG WTF was I thinking moment when I tried to be polite to the people I was with and choke it down.Toss in staff that are slow to clean the place up, screaming kids, and ho-hum bakery offerings and I see absolutely no reason to think of turning off Stephanie Street into a tight, usually packed parking lot to come here again. 4 Stars? Maybe if someone slipped me special brownies and I had the worst case of the munchies ever. Otherwise it's not only no but hell no. I love salad but every time I think it's a pain in the rear to round up all the ingredients I like for mine I just think of this place. I won't grumble when I go to the store and achieve a sneeze guard free salad experience after coming here. Oh and this is another place where you'll be glad to know there's CVS and Walgreens locations close by for all of your upset stomach needs.
3	Came here for the first time the other night. It was pleasant. We went pretty late, so we didn't encounter any rowdy kids as mentioned in some of the other reviews. Now, I'm a total meat lover and never been really big on salads, so I'm a little biased in my review.The salad bar was okay. I tried the Asian wonton salad, which tasted pretty good. I also made a mini salad of my own. The ingredients looked pretty fresh, which I find impressive since it was only an hour before closing time. The soups I tried were pretty tasty; corn chowder and a chicken casserole inspired one. I also had the mac & cheese and penne in marinara, both of which were alright. The focaccia bread was okay. Too many burnt toppings. The soft serve/froyo was delicious.Overall, I can't complain too much about the quality of the food. I'm not so happy about the price, though. Buffet pricing for greens and soup? I'd much rather spend the same amount of something with more protein. I wouldn't mind going again, but I'll probably look for coupons and it won't be a regular thing.
3	If you want a great salad come here... since you make your own you are responsible for the greatness of the salad. The fact they charge you extra for chicken is a bit chinsey.. I mean it's expensive enough. The soups and chili are good. The pasta is meh. This is once week for us at work since some of the guys are on diets.. hahaha not sure how salads help dieting, with the tons of caloric add ins they put in the salad.
3	Food is great (as much as it can be for a salad bar anyways), but it's REALLY crowded during noon.  On a Saturday no less.  Pretty typical Sweet Tomatoes though.   Salad, soup, and some pizza/pasta/bread based things.  And some desserts.   If you're hankering for a little something a bit better for you, this place is a good place to be.And contrary to another review that said these don't exist on the East Coast, I can definitely say that they do since there was one pretty close to home.The price is... ehh...    a little hefty for a soup and salad place, but it's expected just as anywhere else.
5	The food is delicious and with all the coupons they offer, you can get a healthy meal at a decent price. They have a big selection of veggies and my daughter likes that they have tofu. The chili is pretty good and my son loves the pasta.
1	Another place i would not waste my time or money at again!  There is a VERY SMALL selection, the soups were terrible and for the price, I would rather just go to the feast buffet at sunset station for less!!!
4	If you are looking for fresh salad,soups,deserts and great quality and friendly service Sweet Tomatoes is a great place.Always consistent with fresh food and relaxing place to bring yourself,family and friends. Shopping Galleria Mall Is Rocking With Christmas Sales As Well Jojn "Wurkin" Burkin
3	good for that quick get togeather with the girls ..
5	I was SO sad when the Souper Salad near Boulevard Mall closed.  It was a nice change of pace to pig out on soup and salad rather than the much heavier food on most Vegas buffets.  I didn't even know about Sweet Tomatoes (Souplantation) until I was at a workshop in Orange County, where there was an advertisement.  I went on the web and saw that there were Vegas locations so as soon as I had some time, I dragged the Mrs. here to try them out.Sweet Tomatoes is like Souper Salad but better.  More selection of salad items and soups, fresher looking and tasting bread and pizza.  Even Marian loved it!  The salad choices were very good but my favorites were the cream of mushroom soup and the garlic Asiago focaccia bread.  Don't forget to sign up for weekly coupons on their web site before visiting.
1	Bad. Limited choices of vegetables at salad bar at lunch.  Quality of vegetables are average at best.  They charge you extra each time through for their cold dry chicken and other toppings.
4	I am a big salad eater so this place is perfect! They have a great salad bar and their buffet includes a variety of different soups and pastas. The only thing that I have a problem with is paying around 13 dollars for going and paying extra for premium topping that they have for salads like grilled chicken. For desert that have nonfat yogurt and a mini fruit bar, it's not the best but they also go around giving their guest chocolate chip cookies straight out of the oven. This place is  a great place for both vegetarians as meat eaters.
2	They don't honor the 15% coupons on the bag of cookies, even though it does not say 'only valid on return visit'. We won't be back, no Sweet Tomatoes in Michigan. Wouldn't have bought the cookies either, had we known.
2	FOOD OK, clean? NOT! the floor and restrooms needed alot of help. Dont care to ever go back, but the kids like it.
3	I love the fresh cookie lady! when she is around this place is defiantly a 4 star place! when she is not around I am reminded how very mediocre this place is. It is just another generic salad buffet place nothing special or fancy about it. not bad but not great either.
1	This is not the same great place it use to be. Very little attention is given to keeping the pasta / potato bar tidy, clean & warm. Wild kids were fingering up the choc sprinkles at the sundae bar. Hand sanitizer is broken & place was dirty. If seating are is dirty what does the back look like. So sad, this was once a great place to dine.
3	The only reason this is a three and not a two is because no matter who you bring to this place (Veg-head, Health-nut, or even fast foodies, etc.), they will be satisfied by the selection.  But it never fails that there about a billion kids there and it's such a cafeteria setting that it makes me feel like I'm eating at a hospital.  The last time I went there was an evil little kid sitting behind me in the next booth that would not quit kicking me.  Word to the wise...DO NOT SEAT PEOPLE WITHOUT KIDS NEXT TO KIDS!!!!!  SERIOUSLY!  It ruins a dinning experience even if you are used to them (even if you have them!  If you left them at home there is probably a reason!).  This has always been my biggest pet peeve.  We finally got babies out of movie theaters now we need to work on family seating!  Not that it matters much in this place, because sound carries so well that it should be an auditorium, not a restaurant.  The food, I've never been able to complain about, though you may have to wait if it's a popular menu item, cooks can only go so fast and it's literally a free-for-all some days.  So, my vote is if you have a picky eater, go here, if you have a snobby eater, avoid!
1	I've liked Sweet Tomatoe but this has to be the worse one I've ever been in, it looked dirty.  Some of the items weren't labled well the Balsomic dressing tasted like it had been thined out with regular vinagar.  The small drinks were over priced it should be lable with two $$ instead of one.  Employees were BSing in spanish loudly (I underdtand Spanish). The soup bar was messy.  Too bad most Sweet Tomatoe places I'd rate higher, but no way here......
4	First off, I am a salad fan.  That is why I love visiting Sweet Tomatoes.  Their pre-made salads that are at the beginning of the salad bar are always fabulous.    The Thai Chicken Salad has a great flavor plus the chicken is already mixed in.  That saves you from paying for the premium salad toppers.  I love the variety of soups they offer.  There are always different featured soups every day.  Sometimes they are hit or miss but always worth trying.  If need be just add some salt or pepper.   Their homemade breads and muffins are my favorite part of the meal!  The focaccia pizza breads complement the meal nicely! Maybe it's just my way of eating a few pieces and not having to order a whole pizza to get my fix!  This past week they offered Pecan Praline Muffins.  Boy was I glad we stopped in!!  They were to die for! Yum Yum Yum. Of course their chocolate chip muffins and corn bread muffins are always tasty!I haven't done this yet but they also have a baked potato bar and pasta station.   But I will soon!Leave room for frozen yogurt!  They have a soft serve Dreyers yogurt machine.  Who doesn't like a little treat with their meal?  Their homemade caramel topping is always delightful.   Every once in a while, the waitresses will walk around with their fresh chocolate chip cookies.  They are so delicious! ALWAYS~ search for a coupon on your phone before you go in (or print one out before you leave home).  They are always out there.  Our last meal we used a coupon for $16.99 for our meal and drinks.  Great deal!
2	Oh Sweet Tomatoes how I USED to love you... Seems like this location has gone way down hill. Went for dinner with my hubby on a Thursday night at 445pm to try and beat the crowd. So many veggie bins on the salad line were empty or looked less than appetizing since someone would spill other stuff into another bin. Yuck. There were tons of kids running amuck thru the line as well putting their hands on everything. One kid had an entire plate full of just boiled egg crumbles and was running up and down the line with no parents in sight. Where are the parents or management/staff to control this kind of stuff? Putting hands on everything is so unsanitary, which is why I usually stray from buffets... When paying, I was shocked at the prices now. I haven't been to a Sweet Tomatoes in about a year or so, but $28 for 2 dinners and 2 drinks at a salad bar seems way ridiculous. Another $10 or less and I could have gone to Outback and we could had some steak with our salad!After seating we went to get drinks and I was so disappointed that their tea was empty and they dont have apple juice anymore since I am not a big soda drinker. We then ventured to get some bread and soup to go with our salad. Almost all of the soups had that crusty layer on top from sitting so long. There was no butter for potatoes or bread. The foccacia and pizza bread was just the crusty outter layer that no one ever seems to take. The pastas were crusty and dry looking. So much for my appetite. After eating our salad and little bread/muffins that weren't old looking we went in for some of their gooey chocolate cake. Again only the outside rim of it was left and it was rock hard. The guy behind the counter said it would be a while before a new one was out. He just stared at the kid who was digging around the cake and using his finger to scrape the cake off the self serve spoon. Gross. We then just settled for a dry brownie muffin and ice cream. We never did take anything from the fruit/pudding bar since that was covered in kids as well and all the bins were almost empty. Knowing that I am pregnant and hormones are raging, I decided not to complain since it would probably turn out ugly with me either screaming or in tears. Just left hungry and disgusted. I will not be back to this location. Too bad the express location is closed now since I did frequent it all the time. Guess I will head back to the 215/Flamingo location with higher hopes. That one always seemed to hit the mark.
3	Went here for lunch today and it was very nice. It's a great big salad bar with lots of choices - all you can eat. They also have a bakery, pasta station and sundae bar.  It all tasted fresh and didn't look like it had been sitting out for hours (like some buffets).  I would gladly return for lunch if I worked in the area.
3	I have been to this location twice in the last year. I have gone both times as a choice of the other party. I have also been to the ST location on Flamingo/215 and that is the ST to visit. This location in Henderson seems to always be frazzled, out of food, dirty tables and floors. The salads are the big reason why I go and both times the salad bowls were almost empty or a bit wilted looking. Even the seating,carpet, and lighting seem to be out of date. The employees are trying there hardest. I say corporate should think about modernizing this location.
4	This is a typical Sweet Tomatoes location. Not my favorite around town, but they have pretty fast and friendly service. The food line is well-maintained, which is important for a buffet. They cleared plates pretty quickly and the service was friendly. They have all the typical salad and soup selections that you come to expect at Sweet Tomatoes. They were especially busy on the day we came here for a local fundraiser and they were really able to keep up with the barrage of people that all came in at the same time and were very accommodating. Definitely a good option in the Henderson as far as chain restaurants go.
4	Great spot to eat a salad of choice with a little side snack of soup or pizza
2	Not worth paying for. Make your own salad better and for less! It was clean- that's about all I can say for it...
3	Nice selection but we must have caught them on an off day or off time. seemed understaffed for the crowd. missing pre-made salads on half the line (our half) lots of things empty and couldn't find tomatoes for my salad? (change the name to sweet no tomatoes?) still managed to create a jumbo masterpiece. anyway people were friendly and mostly seemed to be working hard to take care of customers. potato bar looked good, didnt try, had some mac & cheese...mehh. corn bread and honey butter very good. hard to find someone to help you when they are out of something. needed strawberries, we wondered around for a few minutes, finally someone came and noticed they were empty but only because she wanted some on something she was eating. she filled them, served herself then went off somewhere. oops....forgot to fill the whipped cream, guess she didn't need any. all in all not a bad place. 2 salads & two drinks (no add on's) was about $18 for two of us with a coupon. will give them another try.
4	A friend and I came here at dinnertime and it was really busy.  Took a bit of time to get through the register, but not for lack of service just lack of tables to sit at.Salad bar was well maintained, toppings were well stocked and fresh.  I was disappointed in the price for a protein was $2.49 for ONE time through. That seems a little steep for a $10.49 buffet.  Anyway, the salad was great. There was an Asian salad that was amazing!The soups were good, but nothing fabulous.  I really LOVED the dark bread with honey whipped butter, yum O!  The pasta was a little bland, but decent.  Disappointed that they had run out of baked potatoes and hadn't even put any in the oven.  For dessert, skip the ice cream and try the fresh strawberries with whipped cream and chopped almond granola from the ice cream bar.  YUM!
3	If it weren't the couple that were so nice to take my friend and I out to lunch we wouldn't have known about this place.Inside, the first thing is standing in line, cafeteria style and getting items for your salad. Once you get what you want there, there is a cashier where you pay. Of course it doesn't stop there! Once you find your table and eat, you can go to the other part of the restaurant and help yourself to more! They have soups, pizza bread, mac and cheese, and for dessert: ICE CREAM!Since there was so much to try I only had small portions of whatever I got. Believe me by the end of the meal, you'll be FULL. After my salad, I tried their chili and mac and cheese. Their pastas are yummy. I would totally go for seconds... But I just had room for... DESSERT! Chocolate ice cream, yum. It didn't end  there though! A worker came around and gave everyone a sample of their freshly baked cookies. This time it was chocolate chip!If you want to take more chocolate chip cookies home it's $2 a bag!Didn't finish or want to take home food? They have containers at the front of the store for your convenience.
5	We came on a Saturday evening and got a buffet without protein for about $9/ea- I can always find some kind of coupon on the internet for this place! - 20% off entire check expires 8/17/13! $7.29 Lunch expires 7/24/13- Love the broccoli salad and the wanton salad.- Always get the chicken noodle soup with crackers!- Who fills their water cup with sprite? - Save room for fresh corn bread and especially the the blueberry muffins!- It almost feels like you defeat the purpose of eating healthy bc it's ayce, but hey, it's better alternative than Feast! haha- This place can get real messy! Families definitely welcome!
3	I really enjoyed my meal! The strawberry lemonade and creamy cauliflower soup were great. Its exactly like a Fresh Choice for anyone from Northern CA.
2	Found a hair in my salad.  Oh, the joys of buffets.  And that's all I'll say about that... But now to the review.  We went on a weeknight for dinner and it was crowded.  I mean, really loud and crowded.  I felt like I was sitting in 20 different families' living rooms.  Parking was nothing short of a nightmare, and we wound up walking over from the far part of Goodwill's lot.  We had a coupon though so even though the parking situation should have signaled us to move along we moved forth to get our cheap salad on.  They have premixed salads here that are pretty good.  And they have a ton of salad options so you can make a pretty rockin' creation.  They even have some premium toppings that are really good but at 2.95, I think, for one time around, the premiums are a bit of a rip off if you ask me.  We went during "italian week" and I was pretty disappointed by the breads/pizza/pasta.  Reminiscent of a Cici's buffet.  The desserts were just eh.  The brownie bites were rock hard at the edges.  I loved the drink options.  Great iced teas and lemonades all around. The service was decent and they were really good about clearing old plates.  They gave us a coupon for the next time but my husband just left it because he was so disappointed.  We'll just make a salad at home next time...
4	Aways a good quick lunch or dinner spot nothing fancy but good
2	Probably won't go back. The food was just whatever and the service was poor. They ran out of many items including brownies, baked potatoes, and bread and they didn't restock until I was leaving. And they also completely ran out of cookies and weren't planning on making more. The salad bar was decent, but everything else wasn't so great. So if you want strictly salad then it's worth a try, otherwise don't bother. Also make sure you look for coupons online before going. I registered on their website and got emailed a buy one get one meal, so it was just about $12.00 for two people.
4	I love me a good Sweet Tomatoes/Souplantation and this location didn't disappoint. We were there on a busy Sunday afternoon and the place was packed, and I noticed the employees were doing a great job keeping things moving... from the cashiers to the hostess who led us to our table to the person cleaning up our section, everyone working there seemed to be hustling, which is nice to see. The food was the usual for a Souplantation, which is to say it's mostly what you expect: fresh and no-frills (salad bar, chicken noodle soup, baked potatoes, soft serve, etc.), but there are also some flashes of brilliance on the menu (the special couscous was excellent, as was the creamy mushroom soup). Bottom line, if you want to stick to your budget but still eat healthy (ok, and maybe sneak in some cheesy bread and soft serve at the end of your meal!), this is a great place to go.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat. I love being able to make my own salad exactly how I like it. There is dThis is one of my favorite places to eat. I love being able to make my own salad exactly how I like it. There is definitely a lot of choices. The ingredients seem to be pretty fresh. I really like the Honey Mustard dressing and croutons. They standout. They have 4 different cheeses, which is awesome. (Regular shredded cheddar, blue cheese, feta, and another kind that I'm not sure what it is,My favorite things are the chicken noodle soup. When I don't feel good I crave this stuff. (add fresh ground pepper) In November they have a delicious stuffing soup. It's soo good I can't get enough of it..Mac and cheese (add grated cheese and fresh ground pepper) I don't eat pork, but my friends adds bacon to hers. I've also tried peas. Baked potato.. Put it in a bowl, open it up and put cheese in it asap, so that it starts to melt. I also like to get cauliflower and broccoli and dip it into Thousand Island dressing. Reminds me of my childhood. Chocolate muffins are usually pretty good. The best part is often during your meal someone will come around with freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. Eat them while they are hot, so much better. Sign up for the rewards program, they sound out a fair amount of coupons.   Pro tip: Get two plates; 1 for salad and 1 for other stuff.efinitely a lot of choices.  Staff is usually friendly and patient.
4	A great alternative to fast food & when you're not in the mood for cooking. And trying to eat healthy while still going out. Cost around $12 bucks minus the drink after tax. There's a coupon floating around for a buy one meal get one free also.. The cashier was cool to use the coupon from the phone without having a copy, just show her the coupon. Also I like the fact of marked soups saying if they're vegetarian friendly or not, for those interested.
5	I actually did my internship at this location when I was at UNLV. This place has great sanitation and very fresh produce. They make everything from scratch. It's a very good company and this is an excellent location.
4	I've been coming here for some time and always enjoy salads and array of soups.  I like that they usually have some type of special theme like tonight. I had the Albondigas soup and it was delicious.  I will say that there is a foul smell that has always seems to come from the bathroom area that I wish they would fix.  Other than that we enjoy it.
4	I'm about as far away from a vegitarian as you can get and love the place. It's afordable and there is a wide variety of food. It has a decent veggie buffet portion but I'm not a huge fan of the pastas that they serve as part of it. They possess chick peas though which is amazing. The part I go for is the buffet hiding behind the salad bar. The soups that threstaurant have are extremely good and vary depending on what time of the year it is. I have enjoyed all of them. There pasta on that side is so so but their breads and desserts are good. They have mousse. YUM! I recommend it if you feel like eating "a little healthier" than usual.
5	Good and sweet
4	So this place had a good rating and lots of review so figured while we were heading through we would stop and get something to eat.  Didn't realize it was a buffet like California Fresh but when we walked in that is what it reminded us of.  However they had way more choices of greens and salads and toppings. The place was way busier so the food looked fresher and rotated more often. After you get through the salad part you pay and go around to the many soups and breads and they even make fresh stir fry pasta dishes right there. Overall I really liked the place they had gluten free options of muffins and they had like 6-7 different soups tons of varieties of greens and veggies.  I liked the fact it was a popular place and you know the food was fresh and not sitting out all day.  I would visit again for sure.
3	The vegetable choices are out of this world.  Protein, however is nil if you don't eat beans (like chili offerings).  Thus, I can only give it 3 stars.  They took the meat away from the salad bar and that SUCKS.
1	Normally I love this place. The other day we stopped in for lunch and we're terribly disappointed.The large salad bar was filled , but when I sat down to eat my salad it just did not taste right. I don't know if it was just a bad batch of produce, but even the salad dressing tasted off. It was a Friday and I was excited to eat their usually creamy and tasty Clam Chowder. Today it was awful!! It tasted like dirt. My mom got their chili which she usually loves and tasted terrible too. I tried it and it was like eating a tin can. Bad just bad! After that I couldn't even eat anything else.This was the first time I've ever left here hungry! Glad I had a coupon or I'd be even madder if I paid full price. You can't charge those kinda prices if your going to serve crap! Step it up Sweet Tomatoes! I won't be back any time soon.
4	This is a salad bar to beat all salad bars! So many delicious options to pile onto your plate. I felt like such a pig with my mile high plate of veggie goodness. They also have a good selection of soups and breads and desserts. I was pretty full after my salad, so I didn't indulge into many of their other options. I did have a brownie, which wasn't anything to write home about. It was pretty dry. :( The area with the soup and breads didn't seem to have trays available, which was pretty inconvenient and was probably a contributing factor to me not eating more (maybe a good thing?) because I wasn't able to carry more back to my table.We went here for lunch on a Friday. It was very busy, and we had to wait for a table to open up after we paid. Lots of families and kids.
1	I do realize places like this have to manage the product closely to make the bottom line, but in this case it works against them. I think the public is aware of this because they were not getting the turn over to move the food of the counter. So in summary the food tastes old. My family came into this location at 4:00 pm.  Was it too far away from lunch and dinner rush? What ever the answer maybe... I can't recommend this location.
4	I LOVE this place!  I miss the days when nobody knew about it because the wait is long, the food is not replenished in an efficient manner, and it is over crowded.  The coupons bring in an undesirable crowd, dressing like they just rolled up into Walmart.  I'm obsessed with the food!  I love the salad line.  I visit so often I think I've memorized where all of the food is on the buffet line.  I love making my own salad.  I also like the fact that there are featured foods throughout the year.  Tons of toppings for your salad and pre-made salad options.  There are seasonal slaws and macaroni style salads.  My favorite is the pineapple coconut cole slaw.  There are vegetarian, vegan, and meat lover options. There are tons of drink choices from tea, lemonade, sodas, coffee, and milk.  There are fruit options, delicious soups, baked potatoes, breads, muffins, pastas, and plenty of toppings for all of these.  Choose your poison on the butters, since they have plenty to chose from.  To end the day, enjoy yogurt/ice cream with all the yummy toppings like cookie crumbles, chocolate syrup, caramel sauce, sprinkles, and nuts in a small cone or bowl.  If you visit for dinner, try their dessert of the day.  One of my favorites is the brownie crumbled over ice cream.  If you are lucky you will get a homemade fresh cookie brought over to your table.  Google coupons!  There are killer deals.  Join there club online to get coupons sent directly to your inbox.  My advice is to arrive early or late, visit during the non-rush times.  Weekends can be extremely busy, so avoid at all costs.  If you go during busy times you may feel like the buffet line is dirty, not replenished, and you have to wait several minutes to be seated in an undesirable seat.  There are people who clear your plates off of the table.  That is a hit or miss type of service.  I've been there when the people are on top of their "A" game and are clearing tables quickly and I've been there when I didn't see anyone clearing tables during the time that I ate my meal.
4	They have the best mix of salad, soups, breads and dessert for the price. When I want to go out and eat healthy, this is my favorite place to go. I just wish there was one closer to my house.
1	Worst ever. They let pet owners bring dogs to the buffet and the owner can carry the dog wile eating from their plate and still grabbing from the salad bar. Manager has no manager about them. Get a spine and say u also think that is just wrong and discussing. NASTYYYY
3	We went there for lunch. There is a large salad bar when you come in the door. All the food was tasted very fresh!. At the end of the salad bar there is a cashier to pay for your meal. The area where the hot food and dessert is a bit small. They had a mashed potato bar which was good and I had some tomato soup which was extremely tasty. Also I had soft ice cream with topping in their little sundae bar. The   food here is pretty good and at a good price.
4	Great for a quick lunch with a good selection of soup, salad bar, pasta, and desserts.  There are often coupons online!The parking here is limited, so I would suggest not going during peak lunch and dinner hours.  Soups change weekly, and you can check their website to see what's available before you go.  Fountain drinks, iced tea, specialty tea, lemonade and Crystal Light.  Nice variety of drink options.
1	Poor customer service.
4	My first time here and it was great! The staff were helpful and sweet, the food was good and the atmosphere overall was very pleasant. It was $37.88 for three adults and three drinks. We all enjoyed it and will be back again!
5	Love their salad and soups! Seating was pretty fast. Price is a little high but it is worth it. :)
4	Lots of fresh salad items, loved the quinoa salad. Cream of asparagus soup was amazing, as was the brownie bite (just the right size and warm!) Lots of vegan foods available. All you care to eat. Good soup selection and some desserts too.
5	Definitely one of my all time favorites. Always something for everyone to eat here! I have NEVER had a bad experience at this location :)
5	Our family LOVES sweet tomato. Decided to write review today because I LOVED the Greek salad - I added some extra cucumbers and extra Feta. I also LOVED the tomato chipotle bisque and the broccoli cheddar chowder! Today was a good day to eat at Sweet Tomato!
5	1st time here and loved it !!!  All you can eat salad, pasta, pizza and soup bar!  Everything FRESH!!!
2	Clean is the best thing that I can say about it. Been the 20 plus times. Just discovered that i can go to the Sunset casino, only a few blocks away and have a full meal with unlimited salad .,soup,  etc. For far less money.  Add in military mondays for all vets and active service and it's half off. Or 2 for 1. Hard to beat $10.00 for 2. The coupons at sweet tomatoes are worthless.   The best thing not to eat there are the soups .they are overloaded with Salt !!!....the chili is good.
5	Great variety of salads!!  Super clean and service was fast and friendly.  One of best deals in town.  The soups and breads were outstanding.  And to top it off,  dessert was a plus.  Definitely will return
5	Good food and at a good price. Great for lunch and eating light. Build a salad and good soups. My son loves the endless mac and cheese. I love the blueberry muffin and chocolate muffins / brownie.
5	I like this place, when you're in the mood salad this is the place to go. We always go there , when we want to have a late dinner.
5	Excellent place when you are craving a salad...not that the salads I built end up being healthy after I'm done loading them up!At $9.59 per person, it's not the cheapest lunch option and they ding you $2.49 for a drink...so I can think of a lot of other lunch spots that you can get out of for less...but the 'build your plate with exactly what you want' kind of sucks me in.The creamy tomato basil soup was outstanding...yeah, this is that 'not so healthy' bit!!
5	Healthiest place to eat, everything is fresh, delicious soup, fresh bakery. The best!
2	Nothing was restocked. Bland and unseasond. I used to love coming to this location but I'll continue  to go out of my way to the flamingo location. You guys are slipping.
3	I went in here for my first time today, the front of the house staff was nice to everyone but me. They went from table to table checking on everyone except they skipped my table and I am sitting right here waiting to get acknowledged. The kitchen staff was very rude, they expect me to know where everything was in the restaurant so I had to find everything myself....The food here is really good and healthy, their salads are fresh and constantly attended to. The kitchen staff at the hot bar was not as attending to the food, the pastas were dried out and I was waiting for them to attend to it but I guess that was acceptable. The food at the hot bar was decent.Overall I would come back again and I know what to expect.
4	I have always had a great experience at this Sweet Tomatoes. Everything is always fresh and of course the offerings are what we all know and love -- pizza, pasta, salad, soup & soft serve :) --we went at 2PM so no lunch rush, which I imagine could be a real possibility based on where this location is -- fast friendly service, thank you.
4	I like it here. The salad bar is always stocked well and looks fresh. The focaccia bread and baked potatoes can be a little bit of a wait but taste good.
4	Very fresh food! I love the variety of items to make your own salad! Also nice that they had a bunch of hot items to choose from! Only 4 stars, because the counters and floors could be cleaner.
4	I like this place veggies are fresh and soups delicious , they took the ingredients that they use to charge extra for no more confusion for some ppl I would like for them to have a better varieties in fruit tho .
2	This place is so hit or miss for me, sometimes when I visit they keep the food stocked and the plates cleared other times it's like they are fighting to keep up to keep fresh food out and plates taken off tables. The last visit was one of the miss times for me I went up to the bread station 2 different times and there were like 2 or 3 pieces of bread left and some of the muffins were hard. The pasta station was ok for the most part, and some of the soups seemed a bit old they had thicked up which happens when they have sat for a long time. The salad bar was stocked and fresh which was nice, the drink area was messy as were a lot of the tables, we had to find someone to clean off an empty table so we could sit down because there was several empty tables that were not cleaned off. You would think with the volume this store gets they should be able to keep up. The staff that rings you up is friendly but the people who are suppose to clean off the tables not so much, nor are the ones in the soup and bread area, I asked about a soup and the guy turned like he didn't hear me and went into the back, I was trying to fig out what days they have the clam chowder i know the one in St Louis always had their on friday. I just feel like this place is just all over the place i mean how hard is it to run a soup salad bread and pasta buffet?
3	The locations in phoenix have chicken we can add to our meal. This location does not. We drove an extra 10 minutes to get here  to find out they don't have chicken was not a pleasant surprise.
1	VEGANS AND VEGETARIANS BEWARE! My pregnant girlfriend and I called ahead to see if there was any Soups we could eat and the person on the phone told me that there was a Minestrone. Turns out someone mixed some old meaty chili with the So Called Vegan Minestrone and I wish I was the one that tasted it instead of my girlfriend. She got sick afterwards and all they gave us was two complimentary meal tickets. Ugggh. As if i'm going back now. Very unprofessional. Obviously knowing what' vegan' is isn't something you have to know to work there.
3	Compared to all other restaurants, I would probably give this place 2 stars, but based on "you get what you pay for," I'm bumping it up to 3 as perfectly acceptable. Yes, there are lots of salad and topping options, plus an acceptable soup and carb station. Everything is "fresh" in the sense that it doesn't often seem like it's been sitting out all day. That being said.. you know those bags of already-cut-up salad they sell at the supermarket? To me, they never taste as good as when you buy an actual entire head of lettuce. They always taste more bland and maybe just a little plasticy. This is what the lettuce here tastes like. The other toppings also look and taste like they came out of a factory / bag. But can you really expect hand-chopped salad and fresh-grated cheese for $10 a head for dinner? Not so much.Busser/server Amandi is the most hyper, friendly person you'll ever meet. Sometimes she can be a little obnoxious / intrusive, but I would much rather interact with someone like her than someone who is rude or negligent. And you can't fault a girl for having spirit! Last time we were there, we told her it was our friend's birthday, and she made him a happy face cookie with ice cream and got the cashiers to sing him happy birthday. If you ever meet her, you'll never forget her!
