3	Good but greasy Mexican restaurant with those 'damn they're so fried but damn they're delicious' chips and spicy salsa to start. Beware, even the soft tacos are deep fried. But, it's tasty, it's cheap, and service couldn't be nicer.
4	We were with a group of 10 guys here for diner tonight and everybody liked whatever they ordered. I had the Carne Seca Machaca and it was really good. Guy sitting next to me had Carne Adobada, a large pork steak, marinated and grilled, it was very good.  My friend across from ordered a combination of tamale and taco, he liked it a lot. Their salsa is hot, but oh so tasty. The margaritas were excellent. The restaurant has been there for almost 40 years and if they keep serving this kind of food, they will be around for another 40.
5	aaahhhh this place is the bomb chicken as it were!!!!! found them through other reviews as a new place to try and their simply amazing. one reviewer said everything was greesy and i would say thats true but in a very good way. will have to go back and try the desert i was to full to try any this time.
2	I do not know why, but my experiences here have never been good. It is not the wait for a table that bothers me, hell you wait and that is the way it is. I do mind that it has never taken less than 25 munities once seated to get service. I am not kidding either; folks who go with me are always amazed. Once we finally get an order in it takes another 25 or more. WHY WHY WHY? We get our food, sometimes it verges on good and more often than not just uninspired. I have given this place so many chances I just can not continue.
4	I've been going here for about 12 years.  I have always loved the food, and every single friend I've taken has also loved it.  Now they go when they can, and recommend it to others.It's true that I've gone on nights where it takes some time to get a table, and I've been there when it took a very long time to get food.  However, that has only happened to me a handful of times in 12 years so I can get over it.  Besides, it usually happens when they are short staffed on that night.My only real complaint is that for some reason there's this one fly that continues to live in there and just flies around everywhere.  Very annoying.The place is local, almost dive-ish, it's not fancy.  It's a great little joint and I crave 'em about once a week.  I highly recommend this place.
4	We have only visited once and it was good, but not knock your socks off good.  We will certainly go back and give them another shot.The food was good, we got lucky did not have to really wait for a table.-Not sure I'd call it the "best" but certainly good-
1	My husband used to go here for the Menudo on Sunday, he says it was as close to his Grandma's that he has had yet.We no longer go here because of the health ratings that this place has had. They were almost shut down because it was so bad. Apparently the kitchen is very dirty and in need of a lot of repair. You can read the reports at http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=Food%20Establishments%20Search&as_type=Food
1	We have tried this place a couple times and I don't see what the big deal about it is.  The food wasn't very good. i've had better at some of the take out places. I wouldn't recommend it.
4	Seems like you either like the place or not...me, I like the place.  Good, authentic Mexican cuisine, at an affordable price - humongous portions; one where in a MAN verses FOOD competition, FOOD WINS!  Chips are a bit oily, but thick; salsa is spicy - a bit saucy, not chucky.  (I prefer the chuncky type.)Definitely an establishment waaaaay off the beaten path, literally on the other side of the railroad tracks - you need to know about the place to enjoy because you will cross the tracks to get to the place.  Locals know of the place.  Visitors discover the place talking to the locals - I visited in mid-March, right during the beginning of Spring training so the place was a mix of locals and visitors alike...$15 pitchers of STRONG marguaritas - extensive Mexican biers (Texate, Dos XX - amber and lager; Corona, etc.).  Would be better if the biers were on tap.
4	Went back last night, and it was tasty for sure!!  Their red Chile was outstanding, the cheese enchilada was very good, wife seemed to really enjoy her meal as well.  The salsa with the chips has got a kick for sure.  May have to try them for Breakfast one Sat/Sun.
4	I don't get why people are giving this place a hard time. Is it because it's not enough like a Mexican chain? I mean come on, Phoenix. I was just passing through, but I was on an epic Mexican food binge that started in San Antonio, via Santa Fe. This place stood up to the food we'd eaten along the way, and we thought the space itself was very attractive. The servers were really nice, explaining the unusual menu to us gringos. I had some sort of marinated beef in my enchilada that was extraordinarily good (it wasn't the carne asada... I didn't care for the carne asada). I wish I remember what it was called!! I tried really hard to remember, but I failed all of you. Just ask what everythign is that you've never heard of, and order the beef chunks marinated with onions. The carnitas were good too.
5	If you dont like Raul & Theresa's..........dont ever eat mexican again because you have no idea what you are talking about.This place is so much fun, the food is fabulous and taste even better during the winter time....i dont know why, maybe its a mental thing.
4	As a resident of Avondale, I take pride in Raul and Theresa's.  The food is amazing and the prices are very reasonable.  The only thing that keeps me from giving them 5 stars is the lackluster service.  The salsa is awesome and they have by far the BEST fajitas in Phoenix - I order the shrimp and beef.
2	We have been to Raul & Theresa's a few times.  Let me start by saying that my wife is hispanic and has spent alot of time in Mexico eating authentic Mexican food.  We are not impressed.  The decor is old and not very clean.  The whole place smells like cooking oil and so will your clothes when you leave.  The food is over spiced and still not very tasty.  I dont think we will be returning.
4	It was my time in the Phoenix area and Raul and Theresa's was recommended.  It definately didn't disappoint, service was excellent (staff was quick to fill up chips, salsa, and our drinks), food was pretty good, and the prices was great.  I'll definately be going back next time I'm down in the area.
1	This place just has bad food.  I've been there twice and been disappointed both times.  All I remember from the first time was the shockingly horrible rice and beans.  How does a Mexican restaurant not make good beans and rice?  The beans were bland and the rice was old and hard and like the beans, had no flavor.The second time, I had a chile relleno, it's supposed to be an egg based batter around the chile.  This was just egg.  It was like a chile inside an omlette.  Which although not like mom used to make should taste good too but it was just swimming in oil.This place had a ownership change a few years ago and I am certain this place is just living off of it's old reputation.  There are a few people who grew up with this place and they continue to recommend it.  Oh and don't go to the place next door either, Tony's sucks too.
4	A family run restaurant where the waitresses look like the mexican tia (auntie) you wished you had and call you "honey" and "sweetie" all while delivering great food on a very busy night. Thats Raul and Theresa's in a nut shell.  I admit it I am biased, I had them cater my wedding, but only after having great food there every time. Their green chile burro's are as good as poncho's on baseline and that is saying a lot.  To the guy complaining about the chile releno's  were nothing more than omelet's the menu actually says.... "omelet style", so yeah they are like an omelet. This is one of our standby places to eat at on a friday night.  This is the mexican food I grew up at at places like this, Popo's, and Ponchos.  These places are institutions of Mexican and American Food, just like their signs say.  I am not saying this is authentic mexican food because well Mexico is a big country and the food varies from region to region but this is what I associate with sonoran th style mexican food.  Lots of red sauce, fried tacos, and great salsa. I'll be back probably within a month!!
5	I LOVE this place!!!  They are the best Mexican Food Restaurant I have ever had!  My family has been coming to this Restaurant since it was a hole in the wall.  We tend to go AT LEAST once a month to eat there - the servers all know my family at this point.  My family members all have their favorites.... mine is the #23 (2 shredded beef tacos, enchilada, rice and beans).  All the menu is pretty good but someo f my family favs are the Theresa's Special, Menudo (Red or White), Green Chili (excellent), Steak.... everything!  We absolutely love their chips and Salsa too!  I would recommend everyone to go.  Keep in mind this is more of Sonora Style Mexican food not other regions of Mexico.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars...The food is very good. At least everything I've had as well as the people I went with. However I love good salsa and I don't think they have mastered this there. The chips are good but need a better salsa to go with. Also I'm not big on the atmosphere. Smelled of smoke or something last time I went in and the servers aren't the best. However I will return, there is not that much to chose from within a few miles of my house!
4	We still keep coming back to R & T's and really enjoy it each time!  Keep up the good work and love the hot sauce they bring in the squeeze bottle in addition to the salsa.
5	LOVED this place!  deffinatly off the beaten path, on the other side of the tracks, but we would drive hours to go back!
4	Excellent food and the waitress we had (I wish I remembered her name) was the sweetest, most attentive waitress I've had at ANY establishment. The prices are a bit high, in my opinion, but for an occasional "special" night, it's okay. :)
3	I thought the food was good and service friendly and quick. I enjoyed the enchilada style Theresa's special--certainly kicks ass on fajitas from a chain restaurant. It tasted fresh-made; ingredients were all flavorful and it was neither over nor under cooked. The margarita was flavorful too--not watery or over-sweet as many chain restaurant margaritas are. My one reason for not rating it higher is that the menu did not include some of my favorite Mexican dishes such as mole, chili verde and tamales. Maybe that's because Sonoran style food doesn't include those, but that's my preference.
4	Weekend mornings... I crave their menudo. Best thing is I can ask for it the way I like it most: more maize and with red chile. Service is prompt and done with a smile. I have also had their chile colorado and fajitas (great menu items)
2	Blah, blah, and more blaaaah. I thought there food left much to be desired. I did like the shabby, but cute atmosphere. Our waitress forgot about us and we sat for about 15 minutes before my boyfriend had to go ask for our check.  I got the shrimp fajitas. I always order this at mexican restaurants and it's never so so. It's always really bad or really good -- here, it was really bad. My boyfriend liked his food, but didn't looove it. The salsa was bland, but hot and I've had better chips at chain restaurants. I didn't get to tried the fried ice cream because our waitress kept us waiting too long and we would've been late for a movie. As a side note, True Grit was quite good.
4	Raul y Theresa's is a monument in the West Valley.  I grew up in Tolleson and went every Friday night when I was young.  My dad still goes every Wednesday for the all you can eat enchiladas.  We go for family occasions because we need A LOT of seating (usually 10-15 people), and this place can always accommodate.  Plus, everyone can find something on the menu that is an old favorite.  Try the Theresa's special.
4	It was good, portions were big and I didnt finish everything. Chips and Salsa were were good too. My only complaint was it was cold and the fans were blasting down on us. We asked the waitress to turn it down and she said she didn't know how. omg really?!?!? It probably took about 20 mins to figure it out! Other than that my experience here was a good one.
1	Rude, slow, unresponsive, and incompetent staff from the hostess to the server.  The service is about as bad as I have experienced anywhere.  It took us nearly an hour to get one enchilada each after being seated.  My wife bit into her chicken enchilada and was greeted by several chicken bones.  The rice was mush on one side of the plate and almost raw on the other.  The sauce for my Sonoran Enchilada was awful.  The only thing I can say positive is that the salsa was good and I eventually managed to get a refill on water before I left.  Still not enough to earn anything more than the minimal score possible.  This one goes on my no-go list.
5	I have been here countless times. I'm floored by the number of poor reviews. I've had Mexican food all over the country and this is a fav. Love the Taco and Enchilada Wednesdays, love the Chimi's, love the burros, love it all. The family is always present and are sweet as can be. If you don't like Raul and Theresa's, I don't know if I like you.
4	I thought I have written a review already, but nope! OK, this is my 3rd trip to Raul and Theresa's. The first time, food and service was good. The second time, food was just bl-eh and service was good. Third time, both food and service was excellent. Gloria is the bomb!! Woot woot... I had the chimi again and Gloria asked if I wanted it with sauce and cheese on top (the first 2 times, they never asked). It was VERY good with the extras on top, WOW!!!. The queso dip with shredded beef was AWESOME!!!! I could not stop eating it. The chips just kept coming!!! Hubby ordered a steak picado with corn tortilla, he LOVED it.
3	I stopped in here a few weeks ago for some salsa and margaritas.  Good salsa and decent margaritas.  Great value.
4	Went to Raul and Theresa's last night on our search for the best mexican in Phoenix and we were not disappointed. We ordered a pitcher of strawberry margaritas for 15 bucks and both mom and I each had 3. That means there's 6 servings in the pitcher. I love that!The food came quickly and the waitress and hostess were both very friendly. We would return without a doubt. The servings were huge! You get a bit plate of food so bring your appetite!The only downfall I would say would be that the chips don't seem to be fresh with the chips and salsa before dinner. They weren't the best but I don't expect much when it comes to that stuff. The salsa was wonderful though!Will return and also bring company when they are in town.
4	Excellent carnitas.  Great salsa.  Cool place.
4	We always ask for Gloria when we visit. She is a sweet, Hispanic lady who loves to call everyone "baby."Of course, you get free chips and salsa. I love the salsa in the squeeze tube. It is freakin' addicting. The beef tacos, as well as, the sonoran enchiladas are my favorites. Beef taco is straight up yummy and on the greasy side, good amount of beef and cheese. The sonoran enchilada is a gordita with enchilada sauce, cheese, and green olives. Their rice and beans are pretty good. When we are all in a drinking mood we will grab a pitcher of Marg's. Inside it is your typical Mexican decor - bright colors, Mexican pots and pictures, and that kinda thing.
4	Ate another great meal at Raul & Theresa's again last night. Our server was the best we've had and the food was terrific. Had been a couple months since the last time were were here and the place looked much cleaner and fresher than previous visits.We really like this place and looking forward to our next meal here.
5	Orgasmic tacos
2	I have been here at least 8 times or more, the food is not that great, the food takes about 30-45 to get to the table after you order!! The NEW Raul and Theresa's on Mcdowell and Litchfield is GARBAGE!! I ordered the fish tacos and "I SWEAR TO GOD" I got food poisoning!!!!  Why my family comes here... I have no Clue!!! You will be disappointed!!!
3	After 4 hours of playing, I was ready for a to have a sit down meal instead of a burger. I suggested Raul and Teresa. I do live in Chandler, but have spent a lot of time on the west side. I was craving Chile Colorado (red chile con carne).  I've eaten at Raul and Teresa, but  never posted a review. Waitress was good at her job and made sure we had everything we need. After placing out orders the standard chips and salsa was delivered. Nothing special and a little bit on the small side container of chips and the salsa contained a bit much oregano which was usual to my knowledge to even be in the salsa. Meals came shortly after. I order number 23 which consisted of chili Colorado, rice, and refried beans.  The order also came with flour tortillas. I immediately tried the rice with a little of chili Colorado and too my disappointment the sauce tasted of flour and no real spice. My next taste was tortilla and chili Colorado with the meat hoping for s better result. Well same results flour taste and no    Real taste of chili Colorado. Meat was okay, a little bit much in the connective meat. So I was disappointed in the main entree but the rice was good and beans okay. Service was the best part, very pleasant!
3	This place has the air of an old landmark. Not from purposeful decor but because its just been there for so darn long. Sure it needs remodeling but that just adds to the charm. Its still colorful and fun. The lighting was a bit too bright for my taste.The staff was friendly. It would have been nice if they came back to ask how our food was after they served us. But drinks were refilled without asking so I guess its a wash.Chips were good. Salsa was good but a bit watery and hot.I ordered the Machaca Chimichanga (9.99) and my wife the shrimp/steak fajitas. (13.00).My chimi was delish. beans and rice were a bit bland. Sour cream and guac came standard. My wife liked the fajitas. The onions and peppers were grilled to caramelized perfection. It could have used more meat. Portions were large and we ended up taking half home.Over all it was OK. Not great. I like Macayo's and Chevy's better.
4	I would have given it 5 stars had the service not been lacking.  Whether its because the waitress was overwhelmed, or they were understaffed...not sure.  We went there for lunch and it took over an hour, so I won't be going there again for lunch because I only get an hour lunch break.The positive was...great food, the bussers are super friendly.  I woulda rather tipped him than the waitress.  I had a chimi and it was GOOOOOOD!! yum!  I will go there for dinner when I am not on a time constraint.
4	Good food, large portions, good price, friendly staff.  Like this location better than the one on Litchfield Rd
5	We love R&Ts!! We go there weekly for their $5.99 lunch special (taco and enchilada w/rice & beans). Its cheap, filling and delicious!
3	We are frequent diners here and love the food, but what is happening with the service?  Appears there are staffing problems.  Last time we visited was Monday following NASCAR weekend and waited a good 45 minutes for our food, after waiting 20 minutes to order. Food was still good, but just not enough staff to cover the crowd.  The staff has always been friendly and courteous, no complaints there, just not enough of them.  Is this a result of opening a second location?
4	Husband and I really enjoy this restaurant.  They recently opened up a new one on Litchfield, but we prefer this one.  I love the hominess of it, and the history of the building, at least it looks that way.I'm not a big salsa person, but my husband loves it here.  I prefer the guacamole, which is probably the best I've ever had.  I'll be honest, I slather it on everything I can.  I also love their enchiladas, I get the ground beef.  My husband prefers the cheese enchiladas, along with their beans and rice.We always leave satisfied, and that's saying a lot.  In our history with this restaurant, I've had one imperfect meal.  We went back a few weeks later, and it must've been just one bad night, because it's been wonderful ever since.The staff has always been friendly, and we love that when we order our ice teas, they bring us a pitcher.  I'm a big fan of that, so I don't keep having to ask for more.When I moved out here over 8 1/2 years ago, I wasn't too big on Mexican food.  This is one of the first places my husband brought me to, and I've loved it ever since.
3	Definitely better than the R&T north of I-10.  The service is so-so but the food is delicious.  I like their fajitas.  I'm still waiting for the "perfect" Mexican food place on our side of town but this will do until then!I rated both location 3 stars.  Although the food is better here, I think their service lacks.  It's not horrible, just not very good.
2	We ate at this place back in January but I haven't had a lot of time to write reviews. So I'm starting to review the places on my list.We came here after trying the Raul Y Theresas on Litchfield. The decor in the restaurant really needs an update. I understand it's old and has been there a long time but it's kind of run down and needs a face lift.We went with a sort of large group- my mom, stepdad, and sister were in town so we all went over there to check it out. I ordered shredded beef tacos because my sister had tried them at the Litchfield road location and they were great there. Mine were kind of overcooked on the outside and were not as good as the ones at the other Raul and Theresa's, so I was kind of bummed. My husband got the Chorizo Burro with egg and cheese. He had the same thing at the other location and liked it better the first time. He said it was overcooked at this location (Avondale). The waitress was nice but she kept calling everybody "baby" which was a little weird that she was saying it to my stepdad in front of my mother. Also we needed more drinks and I had to go get the waitress to order them because she was sitting down with her sisters chit chatting instead of checking on our table. The thing I liked about the restaurant was they brought some rice in a separate bowl for my baby without me even asking. That was nice.Later on my stepdad got a very upset stomach and he thinks it was from whatever he ate. I am not sure what dinner he ate. I've had way better food. I don't know of any other decent Mexican places in Goodyear or Avondale. If you have any good suggestions please contact me.
5	This is the original location. There is now an additional location in Goodyear. This one does have a home feel and the building has a lot of character, but the other location is more like a regular restaurant, which you might prefer it if you are claustrophobic or don't like being in tight quarters with strangers.The food is always fantastic. The enchilada sauce is the best I have ever had. I could drink it!! Food is consistent between locations and visits. Portions are generous. Prices between $7 and $13. One of my favorite places.
4	I come to this place every time in in Arizona. Theresa's special is the bomb! Cool place w/ awesome Mexican food!
4	Being from New Mexico and only about 20 minutes away from Hatch, I find that I am very picky about my Mexican food!  I'm not saying that this is the end all be all of Mexican cuisine in the valley, but for some reason...it just helps me not miss home so much. I am usually very critical of a restaurants red chile.  I could tell before tasting it that their red chile sauce is made from a powder, which I am typically not a fan of.   However, R & T's red chile sauce has a very delicious taste! Their rice is perfect and not at all sticky and pasty like you find in many restaurants.  Their beans are very good and you always get a decent amount on your plate.  I usually get the combo with 2 red enchiladas and 1 beef taco.  The tacos are delicious and you can tell that the corn tortilla is freshly fried to order.  On one occasion, I did try the green chile and I will not be trying it again.  It is nothing like home or like anything that I've ever had.  I'll stick to the red sauce!What makes this a 4-star review for me is the staff.  We always sit in the back bar area and are always served by one of two women who are so friendly and helpful and remind of the places back home! Buen Provecho! P.S.  I have never ordered this, but friends have...on Wednesdays (at the original location), they have all-you-can-eat tacos and enchiladas for $9.99!!!
5	My Favorite place, so much better than the Litchfield location...   Love the food, service is fair.  This place does get busy though.
1	It's hit or miss. Sometimes it's good and sometimes it's not. I was very upset tonight when I ordered take out, the food was not good. Wont be going back!!
4	Best hot sauce I've in the west valley!!Atmosphere: it was pretty warm in there! And not the best atmosphere..bathrooms weren't very clean! Service: had a very sweet waitress, knew the menu very well.Food: was very good I had the steak capato! One of my favs! We will be going back!
2	It is not terrible but there are much better Mexican food places.
4	Not the best Mexican Food I had, but it's still delicious. The waiters and waitresses always make you feel at home in this place, and the food tastes home cooked. It's always a great experience. I also recommend this palce for a family with kids. I have 3 little ones, and we always feel welcome.
4	Found this place on my Yelp app and we ate here after the Gladiator Rock n Run.  BEST mexican food I've had in a long time!  Service was a tad slow, but they didn't anticipate the large groups coming in from the event.
4	We usually go to the restaurant off of I-10. Raul and Theresa's has great food, but the service at this location is not great. We've been here multiple times, and we never get a good waitress. The busboys even provide better service than the waitresses we've had. But despite the bad service, we still come here for the awesome food.
2	I've eaten at R & T's always hoping that the something on the menu would have flavor, but I've been disappointed each time.  The ambience is charming in an old-Mexico sort of way, but the food is very bland.  Once I found Tony's Cafe (about 1/4 mile east of R & T's), I was in Mexican food heaven!  Tony's has much, much better food.
4	First time visiting here and I was surprised. The food and service was great and they had plenty of table in there on a Tuesday night. I will be visiting this location again in the future!
2	Here for a baseball tournament. Lots of talk about Raul and Theresa's among attendees. Guess the people I was listening to have never had good Mexican restaurant food as Raul and Theresa's Mexican food is as pedestrian as it gets. We had three different dishes; chile verde,green and red burrito and a taco combo plate. No plate was finished. We are a Mexican family with old family roots that produce some outing dishes. We try not to compare restaurant food with home cooked as nothing compares to home cooked but we do have a base to compare. And, Raul and Theresa's does not make the grade for authentic or good tasting Mexican fare. Good service, nice setting, little out of the way and not worth the trouble.
3	People in Avondale often said this was the best Mexican food in the area, they are probably right. Yet there is nothing special about this place. Speaking mostly on combination plates, its just average. Don't get me wrong the taste of everything is good but they didn't set themselves apart from other places in the Phoenix area.Service was friendly and prompt. Chips and salsa were pretty good!
4	Don't you just feel sorry for any restaurant in the Valley of the Sun, which sells Mexican food?  I mean, just look at the competition; sort of like opening a place that sells sand and hoping you'll stand out.But this restaurant does, indeed, stand out.  Avondale/Goodyear has and has had its share of good Mexican restaurants.  So what's the big deal about this one?  For starters, it's not all about the fast food versions of Mexican food any gringo would be familiar with:  burritos; tacos; chile rellenos, etc. etc. and all drowned in rice and heavy beans.  You can have that, if you want:  they sell them.  But there's so much more.First, as someone, who seriously needs to watch his weight (like 2/3 of Goodyear/Avondale) and actively does something about it (unlike 2/3 of Goodyear/Avondale), I appreciate a Mexican restaurant, where I can go in and order, for example, a delicious stir fry of chicken, beef, pork, etc. that won't make me feel guilty for not going back to the gym a second time that day.  If I want to give myself a lobotomy, so I don't know what I'm doing, I can enjoy a very tasty Pina Colada or Marguerita or Daquiri from the bar.  I can enjoy a Mexican pizza for an appetizer, which really could suffice as a whole meal for the less gluttonous of us.  I can enjoy salsa and chips while waiting the short time for my meal to arrive, which taste really good.  And it doesn't hurt that the servers, who bring you your meals are almost always friendly, polite and quick to serve.It's no coincidence, that getting in here on a weekend night can be a bit harrowing at times; but the wait is worth it.  My only complaint:  you seriously need to bring earplugs some nights.  Never mind the live entertainment they have now and again:  people who come here are boisterous, fun-loving and not at all shy about having a good time.  If you don't like noise, you most likely won't like it here.  That prices are reasonable and portions are usually (too) large, doesn't help to drive people away.Raul and Theresa's, to be fair, is far from being a restaurant, which will knock your socks off.  The food is good, but there are much better Mexican restaurants in the Valley.  That said, this is indeed the best one in Avondale, in my not-so-humble opinion, and well deserving of your patronage, if you're in the area.You won't regret it.
5	This is as authentic as it gets!I come here with a co-worker for lunch. He said it's great Mexican food. We get there and it's this huge restaurant. I had high expectations. 7.99 lunch chimi special? So good. I would totally reccomend going here in you're in the area. The service was good, but I had to ask for things a few times. All in all good experience!
1	This place was awful. I'd rather have Taco Bell. The salsa was tomato sauce with cayenne pepper in it. My dinner had no flavor AT ALL and the service was slow at best. Our love of Mexican cuisine has spanned generations and if this is what's consider good Mexican food in the west valley then I'll keep driving to other side of town. Very sad.
1	I still can't figure out why everyone likes this place. The food is not very good and the wait takes forever, not to mention food is overpriced. I have gone multiple times as others like this place and I've been asked to join. Something as simple as a burrito should always include rice and beans, it doesn't here. Even the meat is fatty and not very tasty. No R&Ts for me, I'd rather pay over $10 for a burrito somewhere else.
1	Please do not categorize yourself under Mexican food, your just giving it a bad name. The food is absolutely not authentic or maybe the times that I've gone the person cooking wasn't the same as in these other reviews. In some of my other reviews I've talked about what to look for before ordering. Well if they offer you free chips and salsa and the chips are hard and stale. Pay for your drink and run out of the door like now! Just try some of the other smaller businesses around you might find something way better.
4	Well I just moved from the West Side and found myself missing Raul and Theresa's. A newer one opened in Goodyear and that is where I started going for Mexican food once it opened. Much better ambiance then the older one. Anyway I never ordered machaca and eggs normally but this is the best. After my husband ordered it a few times I had to get my own plate. It's delicious and they serve it for lunch as well if you ask. We miss it. The service at the Goodyear location is better too!
5	Always top notch food and service. Love this place. This location is the better one and is the original.
2	Went for dinner last night and when we arrived at 5:30pm there was only ONE car in the parking lot. I thought they were closed at first and when we figured out they were open I wondered if something had happened as I had never seen the parking lot that empty. We decided to go in and eat anyway.We walked in and there was no one to greet us and I could see the help sitting in the back at a table chatting. We waited about 3 minutes before one of them got up and came and sat us. A short time later our waitress arrived and she was very grumpy as was the chip boy that gave us chips. Neither responded to my hello and thank you to them.Our order was taken and we were brought our iced tea which had a very odd taste to it. Kinda of like dish water with a bit of sweetener in it. Neither my wife or I could drink it.Dinner arrived and I can never figure out how this place expects you to eat their fajitas. They give you the platter of meat, peppers and onions and then a little tiny side plate with beans and rice. WHERE THE HECK TO i PUT MY TORTILLA TO FILL IT UP AND MAKE IT SO I CAN EAT IT? They need to give you another small plate but they never do.We ordered and paid for a side order of beans and pico and both came in a little tiny cup. Smaller than the free salsa cups and I was disappointed I paid for a side that was so small. The pico tasted funny as well and not like it normally does when we have it at Raul and Theresas.At the end of the meal we never seen our waitress again and finally had to walk up to the counter to get our ticket. The place was deserted and everyone was very grumpy. Food was ok minus the iced tea and pico tasting weird. Not an enjoyable night at a place we normally really like.Hope things get back to normal or we're going to have to find a new place.
4	Went for dinner last night. I ordered the Sonoran enchiladas and they were delicious!!! I will definitely be back for the food. I have to try Theresa's special. Now the bad part was the margaritas. When I go to a Mexican restaurant I expect a great margarita. The drinks we ordered tasted like the pre made bottles of margaritas sold at the grocery store.
3	Arrived at lunch on a Friday with a Groupon.  I was surprised at how large the place was although it was not particularly busy.  The server was friendly and quick to the table as was the free chips and salsa.  The salsa was different in that it had the consistency of a bottle of 'taco sauce' or ketchup but I thought it was surprisingly tasty.  It is a sauce so not chopped up tomatoes, peppers, etc. Chips were also good.  My wife had the lunch special (taco and enchilada) while I had the chile colorado which I always order if it is available on a menu.   She reported that it was 'good' not exceptional and my chile colorado, I felt, was a little bland.  However, everyone's taste is different and others may like it.  However, it was a very large portion and I had to make sure I ate the chile colorado with only a little rice and beans or I would not have been able to finish it!   My only complaint is that we did not see our server again (and I would have liked to try a little more of the salsa) and then we had to wait a little too long for the bill but the restaurant had gotten busier by that time as well, so that perhaps played into the delay.   Seemed like a good place to take a group as there was plenty of room (and there was one group there of about 12) and the decor was nice and the parking lot was large.
4	Had dinner here on a Friday night. Love the authentic atmosphere, and the food was really quite good! Very large parking lot. Waiter was pleasant & professional. Do NOT sit under any of the speakers...couldn't hear myself think. Will likely return, the food was that good though.
5	Delicious food friendly staff and they have orange Fanta! Love this place, it's a little pricey but it's worth it. I remember back when they used to have a rat and roach problem but it looks like that has been taken care of. I will be coming back here again and again, great place.
4	Was there for brunch today and my overall experience was good!! I ordered red menudo and it was delicious!! My daughter order a breakfast burrito (eggs, bacon, potatoes and cheese) which was huge and good (so she said). My wife ordered Green Sour cream enchiladas which come with rice and beans. Wife liked her food as well. I tried her meal and I liked rice and beans, but the enchiladas not so much. Loved the ice tea. It tasted fresh and best of all was not cloudy like it usually is in many restaurants. I would definitely come back and try something else from their menu.
1	Unfortunately, I'm going to have to revise my review in a downward fashion.  Our most recent visit to this restaurant resulted in overly oily and greasy food; heavier than necessary food tastes, which could have been avoided with more careful preparation; sub-par service and an overwhelming feeling of bewilderment as to why I gave this place four stars to begin with.The answer is simple:  I hadn't much experience with other Mexican restaurants in the Valley and didn't know any better.But on top of all that, Raul and Theresas has simply gone downhill, with slow service, less than sparkling clean silverware; smaller portions not matching the menu descriptions and prices, which simply don't justify what you get.  Perhaps I would've been more forgiving had the food been tasty.  Sadly, what the server DID bring -- and even that wasn't correct --- didn't leave me wanting what she forgot to serve.Sad
