3	Well, unlike Stephanie, I actually ate here. It wasn't packed, but it wasn't dead. It was juuust right. I was a little weirded out by the theme and the faux bronze bust of Genghis Khan at the grill. Er. What's next, Stalin's Salon? or maybe Hitler's Hummus Hut? My only other Mongolian grill experience is with YC's, so I was impressed to see they had an extensive selection real, fresh protein (very, -very cold- fresh meats, reassuringly...even sausage and scallops), spices, veggies, egg!, sauces (all sugar-based... ehhhh), and starches. They even have a little guide system showing you which items to pick if you want a particular bowl (teriyaki, Cajun, whatever). I just filled mine with whatever looked good. After they grilled it all up they served it in a bizarre asymmetrical bowl that first looked like I'd just dump my food all over myself, but it actually proved to be quite conducive to... shoveling. And it was delicious.The flat screen TVs are weird. Their placement is such that the employees can probably watch them just fine, but most of the people actually eating here can't. Very odd. A single bowl is about $8, while all-you-can-eat is $12. I was full after half a bowl and took the rest  home (no charge for a to-go box like YC's, yay!)Edited 5/26/08-Okay, service here is almost always terrible. I've only ever had one really attentive server, a really petite friendly woman who chatted with us and checked in often. Otherwise, service has always sucked. So bad that I've ended up fetching my own food (normally your server brings it to you) and my own water (!!). A couple times the food area was a total mess with food all over the floor and counters... which, I understand, is part of the problem of telling people "here's your food, quickly pile it as high as you can!" so maybe I was just there at exactly the wrong moment.
4	I eat here often.  I too can't imagine what day Stephanie came in here.  The place is always moderately busy that I have seen.  I have stopped in at lunch, and dinner, and right before close.The ingredients are fresh, no frozen shaved meat here.  They give you a small bowl, but even if you dont professionally stack your veggies, it is more than enough to eat.Their seasoning layout could use a little improvement.  Finding the dry seasoning to follow the recipes can be a tad confusing (I never do this, but the people I bring here try).The service leaves a little to be desired once you are actually seated.  Drinks will be waiting for you when you get back, and your food will be brought to you hot.  Good luck getting a drink refill before the check arrives!Personally, I like this place better than YC's for two reasons.  They don't overuse their cooking sticks.  They add the sauce after the food is cooked.One emergency room visit to remove a half inch splinter from the roof of my mouth was enough to make me NEVER go back to YC's Mongollian Grill again.Adding the sauce after the food is cooked preserves the flavor of the sauce, and doesnt add your flavors to other peoples food.  Good idea.  This place knows how to do it right.This place as a full bar... I am not sure why someone voted it as having no bar.
4	I struggled a lot on whether to give this a 3 or a 4. Honestly, I'm not happy with my decision and I'm thinking it may deserve a 3. This place is new to me, but I'm no stranger to "Mongolian BBQ" as I've been a long-time fan of YC's. Obviously I'm going to compare the two. I liked that they had fresh meat, but it was a little fatty and since they use thicker chunks as opposed to shaved and frozen, it takes longer to cook your food. They seem to stack up orders on the hot disc. It definitely lacks the flair you get when eating at YC's, but the novelty of that wears off after a few times anyway. Plus, I know it's wrong, but I prefer the frozen shaved meats to these chunks. It's just different though - I wouldn't say frozen is better, just that I prefer it. I would even go so far as to say I preferred a lot of their fixin's outside of the meat. They had a better selection of spicy powders and sauces than YC's, and this place definitely caters to the spicy food lover more. They also had better vegetables. I should also mention they have a better selection of meats including two types of beef and even shrimp and scallops. Even your choices of noodles and rice was more extensive. Come to think of it, they really beat the shit out of YC's hands down in the available food department.And taste? Well, it was delicious I must say. Of course, I assembled the dish, so if it wasn't any good I have to accept at least part of the blame if not all. If I had to compare, I'd say YC's is very reliable and good consistantly because I tend to always create roughly the same dish. GG's I could see having a much broader range of flavors and experiences. The ambiance was okay for a strip-mall restaurant. It was kinda kitschy, but charming enough and fairly comfy. They had attention to detail. I think YC's (depending on which one you go to) is a "no frills" sort of place compared to this. They were piping in some good contemporary alternative music as well... for a minute, I thought someone had lifted my ipod.Service was attentive, but odd since this is a "get your own food" kind of place... They also have menus which is strange considering you basically put your own dish together and since the server explains the process again to you in detail. I felt a bit like a child being explained something so simple and obvious, but my girlfriend had a confused look on her face, so maybe it's a good thing they do that. Regulars probably just get escorted over to the line.I think my main gripe with it was the tiny bowl they gave me for the fixin's... but then again, you aren't putting noodles or rice in there like you do at YC's - they add that as they cook it for you. So I suppose the portions are comparable. Then there's the price. A little high perhaps - maybe higher than YC's (I know they used to be 5 bucks for a lunch bowl). But you do get a lot for your money if you know how to pack the food in the bowl. So I guess I was right to give it a 4 instead of a 3... turns out I really liked it. I think this would be a real treat for someone who hasn't had Mongolian BBQ before. I consider this to be a great alternative to YC's... Impressive.
4	I seem to be one of the few who had never gone to YC's prior to going here...and thankfully in my opinion Genghis is far superior. The night I went to YC's might have been badly chosen due to the car show, but unfortunately is was completely packed, and though I have no problems with people packing their bowls to the gills and  enjoying that all you can eat experience I really didn't care much for the quality of the food and the limited choice of rice as well as the fact that their meats were frozen and shaved....on the other hand my girlfriend and I were a bit tired of heading to Chipotle as much as we love it and decided to try it out. I'll admit that I could give it 5 stars (on the food alone) but several factors do come into play. I find the seating partially awkward. Against the wall you have people sort of gazing down on you if you choose a table and then the TV screens for those who care to watch a game,etc while eating seem to be placed too high. On a good note, you have a larger selection of rice and noodles than YC's and the meats are more appetizing as well as the veggies. I also liked the numerous sauces offered though I'm a pretty vanilla type sauce person myself. The service can be a bit awkward in my previous visits with refills indeed taking some time and I have to feel bad for the waiters who have a limited amount of work to do since clients basically choose their own menu barring some dessert choices that I haven't nor may I ever choose to take. All in all it was my first "Mongolian grill" experience and left me impressed and more than willing to give it a thumbs up to friends and strangers alike.
4	I'm a big fan of grillin' Mongolian style.  I love Asian food in general, so this is right up my alley.  (I must be out of the loop and super-uncool because I have absolutely no idea what this YC is that you speak of...)  I feel this place has taken a lot of mistakes of other Mongolian grills and learned from them  Here's the lowdown on the pros and cons...Pros:**A wide selection of everything!  Meats offer the traditional steak, chicken, pork, but also options such as shrimp, crab (albeit imitation), scallops, and tofu.  Veggies have pepper and onion combos, mandarin oranges, celery, raw egg, and a few other options that I haven't seen at other establishments.  The starches are more than white rice here - they offer brown rice and udon noodles too.**Seasonings and sauces.  They have a bunch of seasonings to put on your meat before you pile on the veggies.  I think this is a good idea.  I have no idea if my shrimp was more or less tasty because I did it, but it made me feel better having another option to make it my own.  Their sauces are all sugar based and they add them at the end (which is a plus) so they don't burn.  The how-to list of concoctions is handy, but I like to be brave and go it alone.  It's definitely a trial and error process.**Price.  I think $8 is reasonable for a large bowl of Mongolian grill.  Granted, there are some tips and tricks to getting the most out of your dollar (pile high and push it down my friends) and some strategery to the order of which you load on your veggies.**Happy hour.  I can't remember what all of their drink specials are, but I know there are $2 wells and they make 'em strong. Nuff said.Cons:**The all-you-can-eat propaganda.  As a person who never makes the most of a buffet, all-you-can-eat is not really for me.  I think how it works here is that you can go back and do a second+ bowl and move up to the $12 bracket.  I like a lot of veggies and I had a hard time getting all I wanted in the bowl (yes, even with all of the tips and tricks), but I would have willingly paid the $12 to get two bowls at the get go to make one bad mamma jamma of a stir-fry.  Maybe next time I'll see if I can finagle...**Assembly line set-up.  You can only serve from one side of the item line and let me say, it can be a little daunting.  For a first timer taking their time and getting it all worked out, you start to feel the pressure as the line builds behind you.  It's not a process in which I like to be rushed.  It's not a big deal and people can go around or whatnot, but it's not very conducive to serving a lot of people at once.I'll definitely be back to have another go at it.  Skip YC's and go straight to Genghis Grill, or so I've been told...
4	This was my first time eating here, and I was happy with what I had experienced.  Daniel had suggested it on the way to the Yelp event, and I liked the idea.  This place is located within the Tempe Marketplace Mall, so you won't actually see it from the road.When entering, we were immediately greeted by the hostess.  She asked how many were in our party, and I told her two.  We were seated at a table, and asked if we had been here before.  Daniel had, but I had not.  I am familiar with this sort of dining, but had not been to this particular chain or location to experience what the place was about.Basically, the jist of the joint is that you prepare your own meal.  There is a buffet style setup with lots of raw ingredients.  Meat, steak, pork, chicken, etc.  There's also loads of veggies and spices to choose from, to make your meal complete.  Take as much (or as little) as you like.What I really liked was that they had reciepe ideas on the wall.  this made it easier for someone like me who couldn't think of anything in particular that I felt like making at the moment.After you assemble your dish, you give it to the guys at the grill.  In turn, they give you a number, and put it on your table.  When your food is done being cooked, they walk it out to your table.  I liked that! No waiting by the grill, especially with it being so hot here.I don't remember what Daniel had, but I had a beef and veggie dish that I made myself.  Tasty!  I would gladly return to this location again, and enjoy thier dining.
5	I'll make this short and to the point.YC's is good for a Mongolian grill but Genghis is much better.  The quality of meat alone is a reason to choose Genghis over YC's.  BTW they serve alcohol as well!-d
3	I went to Genghis Grill one evening while the Beijing Olympics were being aired. My experience eating here was probably a lot like Shawn Johnson's experience at the games -- not quite the showing I expected, but GG still managed to eek out a medal or two.My favorite Mongolian places include soup and salad bars in addition to the ingredients to be grilled; Genghis Grill does not. I missed being able to snack on a salad while waiting on my first bowl. The ingredients were all fine; most seemed fresh, but I had to avoid a couple of the less popular offereings (for the life of me, I don't understand why bok choy hasn't captured the hearts of the American public). The sauces were generally tasty...think Trader Joe's bottled dressings and you'll get the idea. The highlight of the night was when I realized the shredded cheese that given to me by request came free and clear. Of course, this made me wish I would have asked for sour cream, too. You won't see a picture of my experience at the Genghis Grill on a Wheaties box any time soon, but the meal was pleasant enough for a solid three stars.
2	It seems like everyone had a better experience here than me. Maybe I just went on a bad day.  My biggest gripe about this place is that the veggies didn't look good. I had to pick through the carrots and tomatoes to find ones that looked relatively fresh. The sweet and sour sauce was kind of bland. Service was good though. Our server was friendly and checked on us regularly. Maybe I'll have better luck next time.
5	this place kicks mongolian ass. amazing drink specials ALL day, including 1 dollar mimosas. i felt so bad for the poor bartender though, because he only gets the little bottles of champagne, and had to open like 200 of them in 1 day. also, the food is good. they have tons of ingredients that most mongolian bbq's don't have, like eggs, and curry, and steak, and scallops and potatoes.they don't have a huge noodle selection though, unfortunately. still, this place is a billion times better than yc. booze + mongolian = awesome.i still think it's kind of hilarious that they named a restaurant after one of the most evil people in the history of humanity. where's adolf's pub?and you can watch jeopardy while you're eating.
4	As far as mongollian grill is concerned, this place is the best in Phoenix as far as I am aware.Hands down, this place has better quality ingredients, better service, and better atmosphere than any other place I have been in that is still in business.My son loves to go here.  I have to direct him that its probably not a good idea to mix scallops with pepperoni, but he has a ton of fun.  He feels like he is helping to cook, just like at home.The service here has always been great.  The people are smiling and friendly.I get the same level of service and the same great food every time I come in here.  I love this place.
4	Technically 4.5 I'm gonna go ahead and agree with most people on here that this place has YC's beat hands down in the food department.  Better quality, better choices and the fact that they put the sauce on after the fact all contribute. (Plus really good brown rice)  Also, no stupid take-out charge or whatever.I've noticed that if you sit in the bar area, the service is incredibly awesome, but if you're in the regular dining area, it's a little lax.  I've only once not sat in the bar area so it's never been a problem, but worth mentioning. (if you're a party of 3 or more, most likely you'll have to sit in the regular dining area FYI)The kicker is the amazing drink specials.  Last time is was there, it was $1 Wells, $2 3 Olive Vodka drinks, $3 Drafts and $4 Sake Bombs.  The cocktails are mixed good and strong and the sake bombs use pretty good sake and your choice of Kirin or Sapporo.  They obviously don't market these deals very efficiently because this place would always be packed with ASU'ers looking for a cheap buzz every day of the week.Overall, I really like this place.  Two things they can change/improve on for me to give a perfect rating. 1. They don't seem to clean up the buffet fast enough, which means that sometimes you'll find some pepperoni in the beef, or carrot in the broccoli, or worse yet, some cilantro in the jalapenos (I HATE cilantro!) Plus the sauce area is always sticky. 2. I think that the price of the food should be $1-2 cheaper.  Yes the drink specials even it out and then some, but if you're not taking advantage of those, it's a little pricey, especially since location-wise, they're catering to a lot of college students.
4	Now why would anyone say this is just "YC's" only more expensive?Lets see, YC's has frozen shaved beef, pork, chicken and fish.. GG has FRESH steak and beef. FRESH chicken, fish, scallopsYC's has a few vegi's to choose from. GG has at least twice as many.I have eaten there about 15 times since it has been open. So much so I have earned a "free" bowl 2 times from my frequent dinner card. I wouldn't hesitate to eat at GG anytime.. I also like that there are more choices for powered spices, as well as liquid sauces. YC's pales in comparison!!I have never had a problem with staff here and they seem friendly enough.They have Coke products which is always a must have and a plus!!Sure GG is a little more than YC's, but remember you get what you pay for!!
2	I've had better than Genghis Grill.  Why is mongolian BBQ difficult to find these days?  I can't find one in my neighborhood and someone told me to try Genghis Grill out. Since I was going to be in Tempe, I figured WHY NOT?!  Genghis Grill is  not my thing. We got seated and handed a small metal bowl, I was confused.  At the other mongolian places I have been, you start out with a big bowl not this dinky bowl.  So, I say "whatever, fatty" in my head and head over to the start line to get this meal going.  What do I see?  Nothing but the sickest thing I have seen in a long time.  A BIG-ASS BOWL of BLOODY MEAT, just sitting there in a bowl of blood.  I've never wanted to be a vegetarian so badly in my life.  I suppose I was used to YC's where the meat is frozen and shaved.   I don't like actually seeing the blood of a meat product, it really grosses me out.  Anyhow, the bowl didn't fit nearly as much food as other places, I guess it's good I didn't over -stuff myself but the price was higher and that whole  meat product area was really bad.  Oh and the scallops, I think they were scallops?  Anyhow it was like a bowl of white fluff (you know marshmallow fluff? in a far?) No real shape to them.    So this whole "fresh" meat, chicken area is one of the grossest things I have seen in a long time. I must say that after it was all cooked and brought to the table it was more than enough food and it tasted okay, not what I was expecting.
4	I love Genghis Grill. We went most recently because I had a birthday coupon from them for a free bowl, but I've been there several times before and each time this place has been consistently tasty. I like building my own meal from their provided options, and somehow I always manage to make mine pretty darn good. I do think it is a little expensive, but then again you can go ahead and pile up the meat and veggies in your bowl if you want to get the most food for your money. The only downside is that the place is pretty crowded (tables and benches are placed close together) and often pretty loud. They haven't been as busy the past few times I've been there, but I think that's because it's summer and the ASU kids have cleared out.This is our usual stop when we are at the Tempe Marketplace. It's hard to resist.
4	This place has become a new favorite of mine at Tempe Marketplace. A friend recommended this restaurant to us one night before the movies so we decided to give it a try. As I walked in, I looked at the bowls and chuckled. "There's no way that's gonna fill me up" I thought. Boy was I surprised. So the general idea here is you get a bowl, walk down the line and throw in all the ingredients you want. From beef to chicken to a few fishes and the other white meat, there's no way they won't have what you want. Add some veggies at the next station then down to the sauce station. Here is where the fun is as you try and mix and match sauces to make something that tastes good. Next stop is the cook who asks what you want your concoction mixed with (rice, fried rice, udon noodles, a couple others I can't remember.) Five minutes later your eating what hopefully tastes good and the size is not disappointing.I will forever be a fan of this joint as it gives me the ability to choose what I want in my food down to the detail.  The staff isn't as attentive when it's busy meaning empty drinks for a bit, but they are friendly and helpful when they are around.
4	In short: A lot of fresh ingredients to choose from, and the happy hour ain't too shabby either.Probably my favorite Mongolian BBQ in the valley.  Best thing I like is the selection, and it's fresh meat not the frozen shaved stuff.  Along with the meats, they have scallops and shrimp, and that ain't too shabby in my opinion.  Then there's a huge collection of veggies , spices, and sauces.  You can play around with the sauces and create some very delicious combinations.  I love the texture of their noodles, chewy but firm.  Atmosphere is pretty nice and the crowd that comes there is pretty chill too.  I love their happy hour, can't beat one dollar well drinks.  I also like the fact that they are open till 10 or 11 on most nights, perfect place to eat after catching a flick at the theater nearby.  They're bit more pricey than other bbq's but I think it's well worth the extra few bucks.
2	We were excited to come to this Mongolian grill suggested by family.First of all, we visited on a Friday night. This location is in the Tempe Marketplace, an outdoor mall. Parking was horrible, and that is not the fault of the restaurant.The restaurant wasn't too busy, and the hostess quickly seated our group. Something had apparently spilled on the floor near the bar long before we arrived and we all walked through it. The service and customers had spread whatever was spilled in a sticky mess all throughout the restaurant. Gross.To top that, the first table we sat at was also sticky, and before the waitress came back, we had found ourselves a new table.There is quite a selection of meats and veggies, this was a plus. However, the selection of sauces, while extensive, is completely (almost?) sugar-based. It would be nice to have had some options that were lower calorie or lower glycemic index. Even just oil and soy sauce would have been nice.The service came around often, however she never checked to see what everyone needed before darted off to get one person's drink., which resulted in her needing to make many more trips.Overall the food was really just so-so, and the fresh meat that others describe was actually frozen when we made our bowls.
5	Fresh Meat, Fresh Veggies and authentic Sauce.  I love Mongolian BBQ food and this is wonderful.  They do not use "frozen meat" and boy can you tell.  They have Chicken, Beef, And Seafood to choose from. Most of the time service is good.
5	Love this place!
4	Can't say I had the food but the bar on a Sunday is awesome!$1 Mimosa's and watching the game = priceless, plain and simple. They had a handful of other specials ranging from draft to saki. Definitely a worthwhile trip on a lazy Sunday to relax and watch the game.
5	Officially a fan. I wasn't able to review the place fully because I hadn't tried the food yet, but last night I made a delish mix at Genghis. Marinated steak chased by a few seasonings, and that yummy teriyaki, dragon, and asian sauces with Udon noodles...I think I'm drooling writing about this right now. It was seriously soo good and fresh nothing frozen. My buddy and I sat at the bar watched the game, enjoyed great food with good convo and sipped out countless mimosa's. Definitely a great way to spend a Sunday.
5	This place is great I have been here about 5 times. I like my stir fry spicy and they have just enough spices for me to mix in with all my fresh vegi's. You can fill your bowl up with all the fresh meat and vegi's you want and they add your noodles or whatever you want at the end.The price's are not to bad they are a little cheaper for lunch than yc's and a little more at dinner time but you can get a frequent buyers card.I love this place and will keep going back as long as it's open.
5	this place is perfect to get stuffed with food and/or drinks. ill start with the drinks. the all day (fri and sat til 7p) happy hour specials switch depending on the day. but you can get at least a bud light draft or well drink for just $1 or $2. small bar area if you just want to drink too. nice to pre-game a cine-capri movie...or shopping?food: build your own bowl with a pretty good selection of meats, veggies, spices, sauces, etc.. the bowl may seem kinda small, but youre not adding the noodles or sauces in it. you can even practice on their website.......it can make about 2 meals...even for me. its $10 dinner and $14 for 'all you can eat'. not sure how that works tho.  (i signed up to their club and got a free birthday bowl!). some of what i mixed in was some chicken, marinated steak, pork, beef, celery, peppers, with a crazy concoction of spicy sauces. i cant wait to get home and chow on the rest!those wacky mongolians really know whats up. its really that simple.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! Fresh, yes that is Fresh meat, not that frozen/small meat that you get at YC's. The meat doesn't shrink like it does at YC's. You don't have to guess on the sauces and or mess around with making them. Service has always been great and friendly, I think I have eaten there about 25 times in the last year and I have always been extremely happy. The drink specials are second to none. It really bothers me when people are complaining about the price, it is like 10 bucks, if you cant afford 10 bucks for a meal that you are going out for then maybe you should stay in. Also people that are mad about sizes, you do know you can go back up, they are all you can eat for like a couple more bucks, but if you make it right you should never have to go back up. This place is so so good, they are busy all the time, and it is a really fun place to check out. Everyone should go there!!!
4	Had a friend in town from the East Coast. Had planned on something else, but our plans changed and we were near Tempe Market Place so we went for a walk around and ended up here. She'd never had Mongolian BBQ before! Seating is a bit cramped, but ok. Our waiter (Travis) was fantastic. To our table really soon after getting seated. Asked if we'd ever been there (no) and took our drink order. Happy Hour (which is all day!) well drinks $2, score! He then took us over the main area and told us what to do. I ended up with scallops and shrimp, seasoned with salt, pepper & garlic. Water chestnuts, onions, green onions, cilantro, mushrooms. Sauce was the honey soy. All over white rice. Food came quickly and perfect cooked! The shrimp was tender and not dried out. The scallops were tasty too. The best part of Mongolian BBQ is that it is so hot when it comes out to you! Excellent flavor all around. My friend had the beef with the citrus sauce and enjoyed hers as well. Best thing is they don't make you decide if you want the all you can eat or one bowl till the end. I thought for sure I'd want all I could eat, but I was full after one bowl. I'll be back for sure.
2	I can't exactly review the food because we walked in, sat down and then perused the grill line and walked out.  I thought the size of the bowl was extremely small for the price and I just wasn't that impressed.  I've always loved YC's and appreciate that you can select your bowl size AND the price includes a drink.  I just didn't like the vibe here, maybe it was just me, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
5	I've been to Genghis three or four times now, and each time it was delicious.  I feel I have to address a couple of the reviews that have been posted here.  First, there is Nadia's odd review about how "gross" for raw meat to be bloody.  Well, last time I checked, meat has blood.  Apparently she prefers frozen meat over fresh meat.  To each her own, but it seems a bit absurd.  Second, Jennifer "reviewed" the place without having actually eaten there, which strikes me as a bit closed minded and presumptuous.  I don't have the intuition to be able to judge a restaurant based on bowl size alone, but maybe she is just more talented than I.On to the actual review... Genghis Grill is great.  Like I said, the meat is fresh, and there are several options: steak, chicken, turkey, pork, sausage, scallops, shrimp, cod, calamari, and probably some that I'm forgetting.  Oh, and did I mention that none of it is frozen?After the meat, you are hit with a wide array of seasoning selections (Ashley mentioned that she would prefer sauces.  Apparently she didn't realize that there are also sauces at the end.).  Seasonings are necessary because they enhance the flavor, which is something that YC's could use.  My favorite is the Cajun seasoning.Next you hit a wide variety of vegetables and other knicknacks.  There are almost too many choices; I have a hard time narrowing them down.  It also allows for different combinations; not all of your bowls have to be exactly the same each time.Finally, you get to the sauces.  These sauces actually have flavor.  You also get a choice of what you want in the bowl with the stir fry; options include noodles and fried rice.  They also have strawberry lemonade, one of the rare restaurants with such an offering.It is true that this place costs a little more than YC's, but it's worth it.  To those who say the bowl is small, sure, it's smaller than YC's, but when you add the rice or noodles, it fills you up, and you are limited at YC's by how much crap food you can stand to stomach.  There might be better Mongolian BBQs which I don't know about, but this place is legit.
1	This is why you shouldn't eat mall food. Upon being seated, we were given metal bowls and were instructed to put our ingredients in these bowl. Choose your meats, veggies and sauce and hand it off the to dudes around the grill. Simple concept but I wished the ingredients were more fresh. The entire restaurant was sticky. From their laminated menus to tables to the floor to the soy sauce bottles. No wonder they gave you wet wipes. You needed to sanitize your entire space before you ate.My food was delivered to my table and just what I expected, junk. While I had a lot of control what goes in my food, for a first-timer, how the hell would I know what the sauces taste like? They did have $1 mimosas during their happy hour. That was probably  the best part but the food was nothing more than a mish-mosh of crap.
5	omg... I love this place the food is great, the selection is great, the staff is very helpful. This  is a great place to go have a few drinks and great stir fry.
2	I was really excited about this place because they don't start off with frozen meats like YC's does...unfortunately I've had better experience with YC's. I didn't really like the fact that I handed off my food and sat down because I'm pretty sure they poured another sauces on mine! I went with everything sweet and ended up with such a spicy meal that I had to stop eating it!! Big problem! It was nice that they give discounts to ASU students though.Not sure I want to go back and be disappointed...but we shall see, I am quite the forgiving person! Everyone makes mistakes! Just wish it weren't ALWAYS with my meals!
3	So I had never been to a place like this, although I have seen them in other malls. Here, you are seated and then your server explains to you how it works (and very, VERY quickly, I might add... I know the concept is simple but I needed to know why the menu didn't exactly describe the food... and since I've written this review AFTER I've eaten here, I still don't know why the damn menu can't help out with explanations of some of the sauces and spices). You are handed a small silver bowl (kinda like a doggy dish... huh.) You walk your lazy ass over to the line and load up on your choice of however much you want of raw chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, scallops, "krab" and whatever else is on this chilled salad bar. Playing upchuck-roulette isn't one of my favorite ways to spend an evening but hey, I'll try anything once. From here you move on to a stack of different spices (which range from mild to ass-ripping) and while they are labeled, if you don't know what something is to begin with, then you just don't know. I picked three (one was garlic powder and the other two I couldn't tell you) and sprinkled my shrimp/chicken/beef. On to the vegetables!Here we have what amounts to a salad bar with a few Asian twists. I sometimes think of myself in the same way when I'm gettin' down, and that's only when my ego is in full force. But I digress. You load up veggies into your bowl, such as broccoli, spinach, baby corn, water chestnuts, mushrooms... and I threw in a few of those kung pao hot peppers, just for fun. Then you move down the line to the sauces!Here's where it gets stupid: There are about 20 different sauces. There are even tasting spoons if you don't know what something is. But my problem with this is that I'm not going to stand here and taste a bunch of stuff and hold up the line (although I am sure plenty of nimrods do). So I just closed my eyes and picked three, just like with the spices. Small scoops into a little dipping container and then you move down to the cook, who will fire up your food with noodles or rice and then have it brought directly to your table. I can't tell you what I picked as far as sauces and seasonings go, but the food was cooked perfectly. Beef wasn't chewy and there was a nice sear on the sides of all of the meats. At first, I was disappointed because I couldnt taste any of my flavorings. But then a few minutes went by and I got that steamy, face-reddening, eye-watering aftertaste heat that only Asian food can produce. Great success!And I didn't get salmonella, either! (this time.)Oh... AAAND.... **$1 happy hour well drinks with a decent-to-heavy pour.**
2	Can't even compete with YC's. Sauces were either blah or strange tasting and overall, just not very good. Its edible, just not as enjoyable.
4	I've come to the conclusion Arizona has no idea what the mongolian experience is supposed to be like.  But this place is the best I've found so far.basically you pick the ingredients from a buffet style set up, and then they cook it on a huge open range.  Lots of meats, veggies, and spices, and a decent selection for the vegan/vegitarian crowd.its a little pricy, about 9 bucks for a single bowl and 15 for unlimited trips, but compared to the rest of the mongolian rip offs around town this is the bee's knees.And for the people concerned about cross contamination, its all cooked after you make your selection so raw meat touching the veggies doesnt really hurt anything.
4	Great place to eat after a late night movie at Harkins. They have great reverse happy hour specials Friday and Saturday from 10pm til close. It's a great improvement on the whole 'you choosey, we makey' concept. I love how they add the carbs for you later, so you're not standing there with a leaning tower of noodles ready to topple over. Lots of different choices and combinations, but they also have flavor cards if you're ever looking for some guidance.
5	For those who have never been at a concept like this, it might be a little confusing. The server was really friendly and explained in detailed how it all worked. You are handed a bowl, which you fill at at buffet type setting with your choice out of a selection of meats, spices, veggies, and sauces. The cooks will prepare it for you and add rice or noodles.  You are given a number, and when it's ready, they take your bowl to your table.This place has a great happy hour. But their selection of margaritas is even better. You find it a little pricy. My suggestion is to go for the all you can eat for only $4 more.This is my new favorite place! Food is great as is service!
2	I love YC's so my friend suggested that I try Genghis Grill out. We went on a double date and I was less than pleased. First off the recipes were sort of hidden and the line was moving way too fast so I couldn't search for them. Instead I ended up frantically putting on random spices and hoping it would taste good. The waitress was really rude to us when we asked her questions about the location and restaurant. Since I didn't use an actual recipe my food was kind of gross.If you want good mongolion go to YCs. If you're in Tempe Marketplace, skip this place and get some Slices or something.
3	My third or fourth visit here.  They were VERY busy today..  The whole grill was full and they had 10-12 more orders stacked up.It is hard to complain about the food at a place like this..  You pick what you want so it is basically up to you to make it good.That said.I like YC's.  Yes, their meat is freeze dried, but the dishes seem more customizable..  Especially when it comes to the sauces.  I don't want pre-made ones laid out..  Give us all the ingredients, and a guide, and let us decide.I'll be back because everyone at my work loves this place..  I don't think they've had YC's.
5	The selection of meats is diverse and fresh, which is surprising for a Mongolian stir fry restaurant.  You have a choice of the typical fare: steak, pork, salami and crab, but Genghis also offers fresh calamari and shrimp.  You can also add several veggie choices and egg.  Yes, fried egg!  The sauces are all tasty and you can pick up a dish card that gives you paint by numbers ingredient instructions for those that don't want to concoct something on their own.  There are 5 noodle options and the cooks add those after you've given them your bowl of stuff-you don't have to balance your pyramid of noodles as is the case at YC's.  I've never had a bad bowl at Genghis.  In fact their fresh ingredients and friendly waitstaff make this one of my favorite eating spots in the Valley.  Ask your server for cheese and tortillas for your bowl.  If you consider it a challenge to stuff more and more into your bowl every time you go, make a bowl within a bowl with your meat selections.  Add your meat(s), contour the meat around the bowl and then add your other stuff.  They also have excellent daily drink specials, including a half off happy hour on Saturdays from 10PM 'til close.  I recommend getting any of their specialty drinks at that time.*Tip*Sign up for their Khan's Reward Card and earn free bowls and get a free bowl on your birthday.
4	A caveat to this review is that I love to cook and make my own meal. Guess what; this is the place for control freaks like me. The fresh diversity of meats, chicken and fish; are outstanding! The veggies are very fresh as well. I recommend that you try the sauces first with the little spoons. Here you are master of your own pallet. You can ask them to use less or no oil to make the meal a little healthier. Choose wisely because the portions are as generous as you want to make of them! The owner is awesome and the cast and crew are ubber friendly. There happy hour specials are excellent if your a well drinker. I recommend making yourself a spicy Mongo beef. Use the N.Y strip instead of the sliced beef and you will know where I am coming from!
5	They will greet you and seat you at a table with utensils.They will serve you water.though the quantity is smaller than YC's Grill and the prices are higher,They don't charge 50 cents for to go boxes like YC's does.Also, I enjoy the higher quality and greater variety of ingredients.~*Its really hit or miss depending on what you create*~My fav :crab meat + scallops + andoullie sausage + lil bit of hamcajun seasoning (2 spoons) + ginger seasoningtofu, spinach, zucchini squash, lil bit of tomato, mushroom, lil bit of bean sprouts, lil bit of potato,one big container of szechwan sauce, one small container of garlic chili oiludon noodles,and hand it over to the grill guy, and he hands you a number.You stick the number in the holder upper thing at your table.Takes a big longer than YC's to cook. but upside is you can go back to your seat and chill, the servers will bring your food to you in a fun looking bowl.To go boxes are free, so if its too much, get it to go.there are servers in this place, so expect to spend extra on tips too.
4	It's a little more pricey than I like for lunch, but good stuff overall.  They do a good job.  You hear lot's of comparisons to YC's and, while this is the same concept, this place has more/better things to put in your mix.
1	AWFUL!!!  I was so excited today to go to Genghis Grill because I love DIY stirfry places; especially YC's!!!  I was so disapointed and disgusted by this place.  Reasons why this place did me wrong:- The try to make it too full-service restuaranty; not quick service like I want for my short lunch break-Thick, syrupy sauces full of sugar and carbs and fat as my ONLY choice for sauces. YUCK.  When I eat at a mongolian stirfry place I want something fresh and healthy.  NEWS FLASH to people who think they are eating healthy here: You just killed it with the sauces!-Very busy and very slow to get your food-Small bowls, nothing to use to compress your food to add more-Also I saw someone mention how "Genghis Grill doesn't make you pay for your to-go boxes like yc's"  I had to pay 9.99 for mine to-go.  $1 more than the normal price for staying there to eat.Positive:-fresher meat and more variety of proteinsI will NEVER go back
3	Went there for the first time on a Friday night around 5 pm with my GF. I had been to YC's Mongolian Grill, which I really enjoyed but at YC's I felt like something was lacking. Don't get me wrong, YC's is good stuff, but sometimes I want to have something spicy or more savory and I feel that YC's sauces aren't very thick. I like Pei Wei because of their thick sauces, and yes, none of this food is 'authentic' Chinese food or whatever (I hate those sort of nuts). Enjoy the food for what it is.The service was good. Nothing stellar, the server brings you water and brings you your food after you have created your delectable and dropped it off to the grill master. You are seated while your food is cooked, and this is a great thing because it takes maybe 5-10 minutes for your food to cook (if you wait it'll cause a huge fart in the line). We did the unlimited to try more stuff, and the server always took out plates and offered us another bowl if we needed. Food was always out promptly. I thought it was hilarious that the guy working on the grill hits the gong when there are a ton of bowls ready.The buffet line was decent. I'm being a little picky here, but I think if you're going to do a buffet sort of thing, you better keep it stocked with fresh items. There were a few times I went to make a bowl and there was old chicken laying around with chicken juice just marinating the chicken. That's not very appealing. To their defense though, the other items remained stocked pretty well. The cubed beef looked very fresh and lean, not a lot of fat hanging around, just enough to taste good. Vegetables and stuff were stocked pretty well too, sauces area was kept clean and there was plenty of sauce when I went.The cooking was mediocre. The first bowl I got was cooked well, except the noodles weren't as hot as the rest of the food, which found its way to the bottom. They managed to keep the sauces saucy and mixed it well into the food. I was turned off by the fact that the cooks were throwing tin and stuff into the corner and making a racket. Not professional at all. My GF complained that some of the food was overcooked, and while I somewhat agree, I have a higher range of acceptable cooking ranges. I'll eat rare all the way up to well done, my GF won't. I didn't get any rare, but I got some very well done, with some charring on my steak and chicken.Great atmosphere, I could definitely go here and have a bowl while watching a game. Seems busy and the crowd is well-mannered, except for these idiot teenagers who were reaching over me in the buffet line. Don't mind them though, they're probably just idiots anyways.Pricing is kind of an issue. Unlimited for $14 (after student discount) is something that might keep me from going back. I could potentially get just as much food from Pei Wei for less. Yes, its not going to be the same, but the two styles are very similar. If you like Pei Wei you will like this place. If you want Pei Wei, but buffet style sort of you should try this place out. You can get just a bowl for $10, but even that is a little too steep for a college student's pocket. I'd say unlimited + drinks for $12 and just a bowl with drinks for $8.50 is much more fair. I really don't even get drinks usually, but its nice to have it offered with the 'package'. I'm really torn between giving this place a 3 or a 4. I like to reserve my 4s and 5s for places that I will go to whether I have a craving for it or not. I mean, if I'm hungry but I'm not sure where to go, I can count on a place that will always suffice and be cheap. The meat and toppings were very fresh, the fried rice and noodles option is great, but the pricing is a major issue. If the pricing goes down, I'd love to take my family there, and I'd love to rave about it. Until then, I think a 3 is sufficient.
4	When you walk into Genghis grill, they ask if you've ever been there before while they assemble steel bowls.  Yes, of course I have, I answer as I'm led to a table and I order drinks. Then I take my battered little bucket (you feel like a Unicef kid for a minute) and head to the assembly area, and here is where Genghis Grill outshines their competition.  The quality of the meats, seafood and vegetable is clearly a cut above almost every other Mongolian Grill type establishment.  Since I don't eat meat I put some shrimp and scallops in the bowl, and assemble my favorite mix.  I do not recommend cramming too much meat into your bowl -- a juvenile mistake I see made by kids with bad skin and future cardiac issues.   Take it easy on the sauces since they are laden with sodium and oil.  You will be pleasantly surprised at the volume of food that your bowl + rice/noodle mix will create.   Friendly staff and a decent selection of beers.  As others have noted, it can take time to get your check and get out the door.  In noting some other reviews I think I think it would be helpful for Genghis Grill to really emphasize that overdoing the sauces will just destroy your meal.
1	This is in response to the condescending owner of Genghis Grill.  Unfortunely for you, I'm a bit more educated than your average diner.  I am a registered dietitian and I am smart enough to know the your comments on my initial review are misleading to your other customers.  First off, I have a 30 minute lunch break therefore I dont have time to drive to your restaurant and sit there for 45 minutes.  But I understand many people have 1 hour lunch breaks and they may have time for your restaurant.  This is why I chose YC's because I can get in and out of there on my time schedule.Your goober sauces are more unhealthy than most sauces with the consistancy of water.  The only way sauces get that thick consistency is being made with excessive sugar and/or fat just like BBQ sauce and mayo.  Anyone who knows anything about nutrition and asian dishes should know that "Kung Pao" sauce is one of the most calorically dense sauces.  This goes for any asian restaurant not just YC's- along with other thick sauces like General Tso and Sweet & Sour.  I could really care less about these YC's recipes considering I always make my own as many people do.   I do not want a place that pre-makes the sauces for me.Your comparison is clearly ridiculous considering the portion size you are comparing must be dramatically different.  YC's does not specify a serving size.  Neither do you!  Genghis Grill Serving Size = 0.5 ,1, or 2.  What does this mean????? g? oz? tsp? tbs? cup?  Not exactly what I'd call legitimate.   YC's charges .50 cents for a take-out box not $1.  I was charged 9.99 for lunch on a weekday for a to-go order.  So if your lunch is supposed to cost 8.99 well then you do the math.You only solidified my decision to NEVER GO BACK with your rude response.  I have only ever rated a restaurant with 1 star twice.  I usually rate generously.  My initial review was my honest opinion.  I had nothing against Genhis Grill- it just wasn't for me.  Now that you have responded this way- I will now go to the extent to letting friends and coworkers about the situation.  I'm sure you will stay busy but I will not be visiting again.
5	Went to eat at Genghis this last Tuesday after taking a 2 weeks vacations oversees. I love your restaurant so much that I craved your food for the entire 2 weeks!Love your food, love your service, love your concept! Love your new menus!!! Keep on going! You are doing a fantastic job!
2	After hearing all the hype about this place from my friends, a group of us went to Genghis Friday night after the movies and lets just say I wasn't impressed.  I love the whole Mongolian grill concept, and do frequent YC's every few months, but friends had been telling me Genghis puts YC's to shame.  We walked in aand while walking to the table couldn't help by notice that all our shoes were sticking the floor, I was thinking dang when was the last time they mopped was. So we got to our tables and being the 1st time to this place for most of us, we kind of looked lost, but a kind lady at the booth next to explained the processes and told us to grab the bowl and get started.  Granted Genghis does have more of meet selection then YC's but YC's has more vegetables to choose from.  The bowl that you use to get place your meats and veggies is pretty small so pack wisely; I would have loved to place more veggies but just didn't have the room. When going down the line, the areas were not clean, there was veggies misplaced everywhere and seasonings scattered all around Service was slow & along with the sticky floor our table was very sticky as well, didn't want to place anything on top of the table.  Dinner was brought to us, and yes the food did taste well. I had the surf and turf with noodles but Im thinking if I go another time I would do without the crab.   I don't think I would be going out of my way to come back to this place; I was turned off by the messy appearance, sticky floor & table.
2	You can create a decent tasting meal here, albeit overpriced. The two stars are for the cleanliness of the establishment. This was my second time dining here and I left with sticky shoes from the filth on the floor. It looked like a disaster struck the ingredients area with a large amount of food on the ground and counter. All of the raw proteins were mixed together from people assembling their bowls. Plus, this time around they managed to mix up the starches my boyfriend and I ordered. He got my udon noodles and I ended up with his rice. They offered to fix it by scraping our toppings onto the correct starches. Not sure how that was supposed to work considering the noodles were mixed in. Don't think I'll be back to give them a third try.
4	Went here with a few friends for dinner today. I had never been here before, and I'm almost positive I wouldn't have ventured in here on my own. I'm glad my buddies dragged me in here.The food is good. You are given a bowl when you are seated and you get to choose the meats, veggies, spices, and sauce for your stir fry. So, basically, if you don't like what you made, its your own dang fault. They have recipes up on the walls if you are super lost. I didn't realize that the meat would shrink once it was cooked (I obviously don't cook often) so I probably could have gotten more. My advice is to stock as much as possible in your bowl.They have happy hour daily. I believe Bud Light drafts are almost always $2. Can't complain about that.The bowls are typically around $10 each, so you can get a decent sized meal for like $15. They also have frequent eater cards. Once you buy seven, you get a bowl free. And you also get a free bowl for your birthday.My friends knew once of the servers, so we were given exceptional service. I am looking forward to eating here again.
4	I have been here a total of 3 times and all 3 times I have liked it. It is a pretty neat concept, you create your own dish in a matter of minutes. There are only two complaints I have: 1.The price. For something that is 90% self-serve, it is a little rediculous to charge almost $10. 2. Waiting to be greeted when you walk in. Sometimes there is someone standing right up front, but other times you walk in and just awkwardly stand there until someone greets you. Other than that the servers have all been friendly and the food is always delicious.
3	I LOVE the food here, you can make your own stuff, combination, veggies and stuff.  delicious! the FOOD is great,The service however, could be better, faster and more attentive.Ronney
4	Dear Friends who work at Genghis grill....you have seen me three times this week and although I am slightly burned out on your delicious Americanized "Mongolian" BBQ I must admit that you have become my new favorite mall fast food.If you are unfamiliar with choosing your own adventure so to speak, it is a pretty good idea to go mild the first time and go easy on the complexity of your chosen dish.My Fiancee and I are quite familiar with this sort of food and as such went hog wild and went for broke when piling up the topping and experimenting with the vast combinations of delicious entrees.Here is our critique.The Bad;While overall delicious the sea food selection could use some work, scallops were very fishy (gross) calamari was still frozen, and the shrimp was bland and tasteless.Took way too long to get both of our meals, one arrived well before the other all three times (read between 5 and 10 minutes) this is dissapointing  as it intrudes onto our date time as one of our meal ends up cold.The Good;Steak and Chicken seemed fresh not frozen (although couldnt be sure) tasted pretty good for an inexpensive meal.Noodles and rice were fantastic!Terryaki Sauce and Garlic Sauce were a touch salty but again very good all things consideringStaff were very friendly polite, and speedy.  No wait times on drinks or to be seated even when it was quite crowded.Overall room for improvement but still quite a good little meal if your waiting for a movie.  We will be back several times I am sure.
3	I enjoyed my meal here, maybe not as much as YC's, but enough to get me back if I'm in the area - looks like there are three more locations coming soon, so I'd probably do one of those, since the Tempe Marketplace is always crazy busy.There was a pretty good sized meat selection, including marinated steak, which I chose. For seasoning, there were some pretty tempting choices, and I went with a couple shakes of black pepper, citrus garlic herb, and crushed red pepper. Peppers, onions, tomatoes, carrots, and surprisingly potatoes went on next, followed by some mongo barbecue, Szechuan, and honey soy sauces, and noodles.The carrots were maybe a little too thick and crunchy, not quite cooked through, but other than that, everything was all good.The bowl was a little small (you don't put the noodles on yourself, so you don't need a huge bowl), but I think I managed to get a decent sized meal into it. I probably could have put a little more meat in there, but I'll remember that for next time.Personally, I prefer the YC's experience, just because it's simpler, faster, and gives you a little more food for a little less money. But I don't have any complaints about this place.
5	I'll never eat Y.C.'s again.Not that Y.C.'s Mongolian BBQ is awful (although it kinda is), it's just that Genghi's does the whole build-your-own-stir-fry thing so much better, with fresher ingredients, that I don't see the point in lowering my standards for any other comp.I'm glad I don't live closer to one of Genghi's Valley locations because I'd end up eating there more often that I'd like to admit.My favorite concotion involves bean sprouts, beef, water chestnuts, lots of bell peppers, baby corn, two eggs, and dragon sauce over brown rice. It's just perfect.
5	sayyyy waatttt?!?! five stars??? yessum boys and girls, this little joint is this shit and i am in love!Loved everything about my experience with Genghis. Atmosphere, service, the food, prices, drinks...  you get the picture$1 sake..And $5 sake bombers..Thank you Genghis.To be able to create my own bowl with all the veggies, meat, seasoning and sauce i wanted it just put me on cloud nine. It's great because you go can go back time and time again and never make the same bowl twice. ( i want to go right now, who's down???)Perfection is the formula when me and Genghis Grill combine. scrumdiddilyumptious.
5	My significant other brought me in here because he thought it was something else. I knew by the name that it was going to be mongolian bbq, which I had decided I didn't like based on my ONE experience with YC's. I decided to suck it up and deal with it because I knew he would like it. I have to say I was quite pleasantly surprised. Not only was the selection of foods better and fresher than YC's, but I really liked the atmosphere much better. We are now regulars here even though it is not close to us at all.I highly encourage using some of their recommendations the first couple of times so you don't end up crying because you made it too spicy (don't ask me how I know)! Another fun one to try is the fajita combination. You can actually request tortillas, sour cream and cheese and make mini "fajitas" out of them. Do keep in mind that this is fast food. The cheese and sour cream are very fast-food-like, but you can really make the meat and veggies worthwhile if you experiment a bit.Overall, my whole family loves this place. It's nice to be able to make our own creations without the "asian buffet" style foods saturated in goopy sauces.
5	I almost feel like I am cheating, but as someone who has been going to YC's for 15 years, and has done her best to stay true to them as their veggies got limp, the floors got dirty, and the staff got sweatier, I just can't do it anymore, not with this hot new Mongolian Grill around the corner. This place takes it to a whole new level, and its so clean, and so many options, nothing can compete...then you throw a $2 pint happy hour special in there and yeah, sorry YCs...can we still be friends?
3	This is a solid Monglian BBQ establishment. I am not knowledgeable when it comes to Asian style cooking so my first vist to a MBBQ was not the best experience. Concocting the sauce part was way too diffiicult to achieve so my plate was a soggy, overly sauced salty dish. I was introduced to Genghis Grill by a buddy of mine who understood my dilemma so when he took me here, I was a bit relieved to hear they had pre-made sauces. Overall, the meat is fresh (not served frozen) and the vegetable section is quite good. I was disappointed with two things here 1: Bowls are very small. Since only one trip to the bar is allowed, for those who have quite an appetite will have to do a lot of topping as much as possible    2: Price is not cheap.   3: Service is somewhat lacking considering that this is a wait-staffed eatery.
4	I love this place, perhaps more than YC's. The food is fresh & the selection of fresh veggies is awesome. One thing those-those little bowls they give you aren't cutting it! I tend to overload on veggies and find myself making a mess & then I feel bad, like I'm the jerk the workers have to clean up after lol. I never get the same thing every time..its like an adventure! Haha. The Khanzu (I think that's what its called) sauce is the best sauce I've tried so far. I liked that you get so many choices for your starch, some are more interesting than others (spiral pasta? tortillas?).. I'll just take the brown rice please! And pass the Sriracha! I love this place so much I ate there twice last week...or maybe its because I live like 2 minutes away & my roommate had never been. Either or, still a great place, highly recommended!!
5	Best Mongolian BBQ I've ever had anywhere hands down. There's also a full bar and sake bombers. Had to go rub one off in the bathroom due to my massive food chubby.OOM NOM NOM NOM NOM! FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP!Will repeat soon.
3	This place was good.  Typicall Mongolian BBQ although a bit pricey.The location for this place is really good because it gets alot of foot traffic so you will see this place packed at almost all times.I like this place better then its competitors in AZ because it caters to the nightlife eaters with Sake bombs and other drink specials.The selection of meat and vegetables is great and you will find yourself stuck between making several dishes.  I think that if they droped the price of the all you can eat, people would be happier as they would make smaller portions of different things...but right now it feels like everyone crams as much as possible into one bowl.I recommend this place, but its nothing you have to rush out to right this instant.
5	Best Mongolian BBQ in the valley! Fast service, great selection of meats & veggies, wide array of sauces & spices... awesome flavor.
1	I saw this place and with all the excitement do to it having a happy hour and great atmosphere I too was excited to try it.  We saw a cheaper Japanese style rest. next door.  Due to the loud ambiance from Genghis we decided to try it.  I am sorry we did.  The flavor of the food was terrible and I ended up with a stomach ache later that night.  I took most the food home and offered it up to my kids and friends but after one bite no one wanted more.  Ended up throwing it away.We decided to try their next door neighbor the next week we went to Tempe Market Place.  Wow, I was so impressed with the food there.  The night staff were great too.  So I suggest to anyone interested in some quality Japanese food, keep walking past Genghis and go next door.
3	I went to this place for lunch today with a friend. It was really nothing that I would run back for. I think the goodness level kind of depends on you, as you add the ingredients, including seasonings, sauces, veggies, meat, and starch. I think the instructions could be more clearly displayed. First you see meat, then you come upon dry spices.... I thought this was going to be the only flavor source for the food, so I used too much.... if I go again (big if) I would choose maybe just ginger or something. I used a bunch of garlic, only to find fresh garlic later down the line. Curses! They do have a good selection of veggies that seem fairly fresh. The meat is real cut up meat, not that weird freeze dried meat that is used at some of these places. I thought their choice of noodle is a bit weird... udon.... kind of thick and slimy... I would have picked like soba noodles or rice noodles or something. That wasn't a huge issue, but just something I thought was weird. I had them put the chili garlic sauce mixed with kung pao mixed with a hint of peanut sauce... turned out fairly good. Also, it is a bit pricey, especially when you only get to go up once, so you can only make one sauce decision.... if you screw up, you're kind of screwed. Also, other places allow you to get soup and rice or something with the entree.... that would be nice considering what they charge. If someone suggested it again, I would go, but I wouldn't go back on my own.
5	FAITHFUL FAN I am trying to get all of my friends off of YC's and on to this place- because it's AWESOME! Instead of gross frozen meat, Genghis Grill keeps all of their protein and veggies fresh. I don't eat meat, so I also appreciate that Genghis always has Shrimp, Calamari, Scallops, Marinated White Fish, and Krab Imitation for me to choose from :) They have a very wide selection of veggies and fruits, lots of seasons for spicing- and an delicious choice of sauces!! I probably try a new sauce everytime, and have never been disappointed! I also appreciate that they have marinara sauce and spiral noodles for my friends who are weary of asian food.They also have AMAZING DRINK SPECIALS :) I had a two dollar mimosa this afternoon. $1 Sake$2- Wells, Mimosas, Bud Light Drafts & Sweet tea Vodkas$3- Domestic Beers & Skyy Vodka$4- Bloody Marys, Import Beers$5- Sake Bombs and Jager Bombs..They serve happy hour priced drinks all day Sunday-Thursday and Friday and Saturday until 7pm.Definitely the place to get your cheap drink on at Tempe Marketplace.
5	Genghis is the bomb! If you like YC's Mongolian, you will LOVE Genghis. They use fresh meat, not that packaged frozen crap. In itself it's such a different experience, and a fresh idea for a restaurant.The bar is pretty fresh too, if you enjoy awesome happy hour prices.
5	I love this place. It's so fun to make your own bowl and then watch it get cooked!  It's the best to get the udon noodles and tortillas! Mmmmm!  The staff here was always awesome.  I totally recommend this place!
4	I was in the Phoenix area for a week for work and stopped by in Tempe to meet a friend. She recommended Genghis Grill and we went there. The ambience was good and the waiter was friendly. The food was awesome too similar to flat top grill where you can create your own stir fry. Will go there again if I am in town again.
4	The food is awesome and you can pack as much as you want in the bowl and still take some home with you.  It is perfect as leftovers the next day! I would definitely keep going back!
4	My whole experience was nice. I love the selection of meat and spices and veggies they have it's like a feast for the eyes! The portion, when combined with noodles or rice, was good for two people! I think I paid about $10 and the bowl was overloaded I took some home. Next time I'll try having it with rice instead of noodles.
5	PSH!!!! YC has nothing on Genghi! here are my reasons why:-fresh, not frozen protein-way better veggie options-seasonings- PURELY genius! i LOVE the option of seasonings, sauces or a mixture of both. genghi's makes all of these options available with my fav section of seasonings-eggs- genius! and i'm sure this isn't just Genghi's but i love that they'll cook your food in water instead of oil. $10 for two meals worth of food. i lurve it!
1	Service is not good. The food tastes flat. The ambiance is somewhere between a sports bar, a mongolian BBQ and a cheap chinese restaurant. The drinks are not good and prepared by non-professional barmen and barwomen. I had to ask for the bowls to be replaced because they were dirty and the waitress didn't see anything wrong!!! For the same money I can have better food across the street at Pei-Wei.
1	Last Friday night my husband and I were able to try this place.  We say we want to eat there every time we go to the movies.  Well unfortunately,  IT WAS AWFUL...The counter where you make your meal was disgustingly dirty, my rice was watery and when I got my meal it looked like a bowl of mush....something you would feed a bunch of chickens. I had chosen a ton of veggies and fish,  well they destroyed it during the cooking process.  It looked awful and it tasted worse. I also spent the later part of my evening in the bathroom!  (not just me, hubby too) Never again will I eat at Genghis Grill...I actually thought about calling my bank and disputing the charge. This place is nothing short a high end really bad Chinese food restaurant, you know the  ind where you are eating and you know you will regret it later!!!!    YUCK YUCK YUCK...NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
4	My boyfriend absolutely loves this place he goes at least once a week. I'm definitely a fan as well. You get  A LOT of food for only 10 bucks and its quite tasty. It takes a few times of going to get it right though with the different combinations of sauces and spices.
5	I love the wide variety of meats and vegetables they offer. Sometime the chicken looks very fatty but then i just load up on shrimp.  The sauces are amazing and all the spices......im in heaven. Did I mention that you can get an egg mixed in with your stir fry.  You give your bowl to the hair net man and tell him what carb you want brown rice, noddles, white rice. tortillas.  I like this place much more than YC's because there are so many more options...
4	As far as this type of restaurant goes I vastly prefer Genghis to YCs. There are a lot of reasons why I prefer this place. One of which is that their meat looks much better then what YCs puts out. Also because it's not frozen there isn't a ton of suspended water content which means that when you get your food back it tastes better and the sauce isn't overly watery. Not to mention there is no freezer burn!The veggies here almost always look more fresh then what I've come across at YCs. I love my onions and here they are crisp and freshly cut.The portion sizes are a bit smaller, there is no denying that. But as far as flavor goes this place takes the cake from YCs.
4	Saw that this place seems to rate pretty well, and we had just finished a screening of Sherlock Holmes, and we were hungry, so we gave it a try.The selection of meats was good.  My wife thought they could have had more veggies, but I thought there was an ample variety.  And then there was dry seasoning (many kinds), and sauces (many more).  The bowl was small, which was a little annoying, but you build it yourself so you can pack in as much as you can.  I packed pretty well!Then they cook it and bring it to you.  I liked mine (using Szechuan sauce).  We all liked ours, in fact.  I can see coming back here again.
3	Not bad. Remember YC's being better.
2	Its seems like a decent place, and certainly has potential, but we wont be back until its more sanitary.  My problem being VEGAN is that the meat station is at the beginning of the line.  This wouldn't be a problem if PEOPLE DIDN'T USE THE VEGETABLE TONGS TO SQUISH DOWN THEIR RAW MEAT into the tiny bowls provided.  I asked the line staff how they prevent cross contamination to which she replied "I dont understand what that means."  Ok, fair enough, she isnt educated.  So I asked for a separate clean tong to use, even though I know that "meat juices" are already mixed in with the veggies.  She said they only have one for each container, and no extra clean ones.  At this point I was just too grossed out to eat.  My husband, being a carnivore didnt mind, but has been in the bathroom "declaring war on Mongolia" all evening, so I guess my theory could have been correct.  We brought all this up to our waitress, as I would have like to have had dinner there, and she says its the corporate office's decision to have it that way, and had been asked this same question several times before. She mentioned that Muslims should absolutely NOT eat there, as there was NO way of knowing for sure if the food was cross contaminated with pork, and that the sign asking about "allergies, and special dietary requests" was a joke. Until they switch up the order of the stations, Veggies Beware!
5	Just the freshest ingredients to choose from and your a avid spice lover you'll defiantly love it here.
4	Genghis Grill, after my 1st bad experience a year or so ago I swore I would never come back,,,but was at Tempe Marketplace with my daughter who said she was hungry and loves Genghis and since she was buying, she said that's where we are going. So I went, hesitant. Walked in and it was a different experience this time! The floors & tabletops were not sticky and the counter top was clean.  I was starting to enjoy myself.So started to make my bowl, I went with the festive chicken and steak, decided that I will follow whatever my heart desires, added a mix of sliced bell peppers and onions, then some mushrooms, jalapenos, pico de gallo (note to self, don't add that again, it has chopped baby corns which freak me out, cuz really were is corn growing only 3 inches long and as skinny as a pen), green onions, some cabbage? Tossed in some red chili flakes and hit it with more spice and fiery hot sauce before turning it over to the grill got it with some fried rice. That was some heaven right there, delish I tell you!!The one who wound up cooking my food on the grill even told me man that looks and smells great! Ok I can say I am glad to have gone back a 2nd time and most likely will be back again.
4	I would say that I enjoyed this place more than YCs, for a few reasons. I digged the table service, and our waiter was very nice and attentive. We were seated at a table, placed our drink orders, and then started making our meals. I had chicken and beef, loaded with lots of veggies and picked brown rice for my starch (I later found that you can pick multiple starches). One thing I liked that they had that YC's doesn't is the seasoning and the "ready to go" sauces (no worrying about recipes). I thought I seasoned it up pretty well, but I very much enjoyed the Dragon spice and sauces. After a few minutes, our meals were brought over and I thought my bowl was amazing. The only dings I have against the place is that aesthetically, they could manage to tidy up a bit (food was amiss/low in the food area, the table numbers are dingy). Otherwise it was really good and I will definitely return.
4	Good mongolian bbq - more variety than most. They have some good sauces - Try the mongo bbq or dragon chili.
1	They have the raw meat placed before the veggies so the patrons use the veggie tongs to fill their bowls containing raw meat and then the tongs go back into the veggies.  This creates a disgusting cesspool of bacteria on the veggies.  I'm shocked someone hasn't died from dining here.
4	good food, good service, good prices -- not the best quality of food, but the prices explain that.will be returning.
4	Stopped in for lunch. Great for a quick, casual meal with friends. Love that I can pile on lot of veggies. That's something that you don't usually get at a restaurant aside from salad.
3	Better taste and quality then Yc's. However, way over priced and tiny tiny portions. I was seriously confused when I was handed a tiny bowl to put my food it. I wasn't very good at stuffing all the ingredients I wanted into the bowl, but I figured the noodles i requested with it would be more than enough. I ordered it to go, couldn't believe it was $10...got home and realized my to go box was less than 1/4 full. I seriously have the smallest appetite, and 9/10 times have left overs with every meal. I ate my entire to go box, and was still starving.While the food tasted good, it definately wasn't worth $10.Oh, and it was super super confusing. One needs to pop a xanax before visiting this place.
4	Great food, best Mongolian BBQ I've had
2	We frequent Genghis Grill quite a bit and I'm not sure what happened yesterday but our service was AWFUL! First, my bowl was cooked without the sauce I clearly placed next to my bowl.  Then, my boyfriend's bowl came without the rice he ordered. Lastly, our waitress came to check on us once and that was to drop off the wrong drink.  The place wasn't very busy so I was really surprised at the lousy service.
4	My wife and I once in a while treat ourselves to Genghis Grill.  I love the option of picking your food and portion before it is cooked.  You walk in get your bowl and immediately go over and start picking your food to be cooked.  I absolutely love the marinated steak and shrimp.  The chicken is great....Pork is OK.  Veggies are veggies so get what you want.  My wife and now I always get an Egg.....a fried egg really puts the stir fry together...seriously.  After you pick your food pick a sauce(I go with Teriyaki) and you then choose fried rice, Noodles, White rice or tortillas.  My advice get a mix and go with fried rice and noodles.  For you health nuts just go with the fried rice over the white rice...honestly this is probably the healthiest fried rice I have ever had.  My wife can always get a few tortillas for us as well because she asks the cook and they always say yes....What a charmer she is ;)For good food a beer or two and the ability to watch a game if its on and great people watching this is a fun experience.Service is usually great....last night ....mehPS. Dont get the sundae....Its Ice Cream with a little bit of Chocolate sauce on it...just go down to Mojo for that.  Not worth it.Q
5	In the United States, Mongolian is synonymous with putting uncooked food in a small bowl and handing it over to be cooked on a large metal grill by chefs with huge wooden sticks.  At Genghis Grill, you are directed to have a seat and your food is brought to you.  What separates Genghis from other Mongolian restaurants is that they use this extra time to fully cook the meet and vegetables.  No need for thin strips of meat, and the vegetables are not crunchy.  Cooking the food helps a lot.  I also like the wide variety of meets including marinated steak and sausage.  Yes, sausage.  Adding an egg is a good choice, and I usually favor the peanut sauce with some extra kick.  In the end, it is really your fault if your meal doesn't come out right, and you are allowed a few practice runs to perfect your choices.
4	Upscale version of YCs.  Better seasonings and sauces available (Yay for Curry!).  As a vegetarian it is harder to pack all the veggies in your TINY bowl here as compared to YCs though. The drink specials are AWESOME!
3	ok food.nice selction and variety of choices.
3	Being a lifelong YC's patron, my interest was piqued when I saw there was another Mongolian bbq restaurant in Tempe.  To short-cut to the differences between the two, Genghis Grill:-Has smaller bowls, so smaller portions as a result-Has more selection, with more expensive types of meat and veggies such as bay scallops, calamari, and snow peas-Is about $10 for a single bowl-Has thicker, sweeter tasting sauces that have to be mixed in after the food is cooked (Otherwise they burn due to the sugar content).  With YC's, the sauces can be directly ladled onto your bowl and are cooked with the meat and vegetables.-Offers alcoholic beverages, and has a cheap happy hour (Which I have yet to try)-Does not have any free range soup or soft serve with your meal.  Drinks are provided by your server, rather than a free range soda fountain.-Servers bring your bowl to your table, rather than waiting at the counter-Does not offer you any waxed paper to push your meat/vegetables into the bowl so you can maximize on bowl spaceSince the price is the same no matter what you get, I loaded up on seafood, getting a mix of marinated fish, shrimp, scallops, and calamari.  I got some veggies, 2 spoons of spice mixture, and a mix of szechuan, Khanzu, and ginger-citrus sauce.  While the combination tasted good itself, the thinner cuts of seafood ended up being done faster than the larger cuts.  As a result, the scallops and calamari tasted tough and overcooked while the shrimp was cooked just right.  Service was friendly and attentive.  While I do like the bigger selection of items to choose from, I like the thinner, less sugary sauces at YC's and the bigger bowls.  It's a tough call, but I would say, if you want more seafood and higher quality meat in general, go with Genghis, but the better deal will be at YC's.
4	Always amazing sometimes the chicken is suspect(fatty). But I love the tortillas with scream( sour cream). I would go here more if it was closer to my house. Sign up online for a free one on your bday.
5	Great food, service, atmosphere. The bar is the perfect place to hangout watching football and drink mimosas! Food is awesome-u choose all your ingredients and it is all fresh not frozen like other mongolian BBQ places. Unlimited refills for around ten bucks, love it!
5	I love this place.  So much better than YC's.  The menu is very helpful and has lots of suggestions.If you don't like sports bars, this might not be your place. But I have always enjoyed it and will definitely go back
3	They are yummy. Typical Mongolian BBQ style. Get your bowl, load it up, they cook it, you eat it. Bowls seem a bit small, but if you're getting all-you-can-eat that really doesn't matter. Plus when you throw in a starch it ends up being plenty of food. Service is fast, even when they are super busy. Which seems to be all the time! I like them, but since they are in Tempe I don't get there often. That could be a good thing for my wallet, and my waist.
2	Really great food! Really disappointed by the service. Went to Genghis Grill last week with a group of 10 friends. We each had a buy-one-get-one coupon. We read the fine print to ensure we wouldn't have any trouble. The manager refused to honor the coupon at first until one of the members of our group addressed the issue with him. What we found odd was the 30% gratuity that was slapped on the bill. Unsure if I will return because of all of the drama surrounding the redemption of our coupons. Very disappointing.
4	Love this place!! The selection is vast and not too expensive. Happy hour all day Sunday-Thursday is a big plus. The only problems I have here is that the bartender cannot mix a drink to save his life (just stick with a beer) and if you want your food to-go it costs extra.
5	Best stir fry in town!
4	This is by far the best place for Mongolian BBQ. I come here every time I'm in town for lunch. Love Tempe Marketplace. It's best if you build your own bowl, but you can use their bowl suggestions.  I like eating the sliced and seasoned beef, the blended seasoning, a dash of cayenne and garlic.  For veggies, I use beansprouts, onions, bell peppers and snow peas. I like blending the sauces (teriyaki, mongo bbq and szechuan). Top off with some fried rice. Good stuff!
3	A bunch of friends got together and headed off to Tempe Marketplace for the Gloriana concert. We were all hungry and my wife saw the "Happy Hour" sign so we all went into Genghis Grill.There was no one at the front counter so we had to wait a few minutes for someone to help us. I have to say the food smelled great. We went to the line to build our orders. My wife asked one of the employees preparing the meals, which one of the sauces had pineapple juice in them. His response was that he did not know for sure, but he did not think that any had pineapple juice in them. In other words he was just guessing. If my wife has pineapple juice, someone needs to call 911. I tried to explain to the employee, that knowing for sure was really important. We finally got him to go in the back and get the ingredient list for the sauces. The one specifically she was asking about has pineapple juice in it. Things could have gotten bad really fast had she ingested that sauce.I hate to write a review like this, the food was really good, the service was really bad. I liked the food so much that even with the bad service, i wanted to buy some gift cards for gifts, I waited and waited for the cards, then when I got the acting manager to sell me the cards, he told me that they have a promotion, if you buy a $25 gift card, you get a $5 card for free, I thought that was a nice bonus. Then he told me that I would need to come back tomorrow and talk to a Manger, because he did not have access to those cards. The servers had no direction in what they were doing, the place was way understaffed, which made for a less than great dining experience. I learned as I was leaving, that the management was all at a wedding and that they did not think it was going to be a busy night...They thought wrong.Shame on the management for doing that to the servers. In closing I have to say the food was really good, the service was really bad. Talking to a few of my friends, they had the same experience there, where it seemed like the place was understaffed.I want to give it 2 stars, but I really thought the food tasted good.
1	I've tried so many of the local Mongolian BBQ places, and though this is the best of the bunch, that's not saying much.  BDs that was in Tempe back awhile ago was the only one I'd go to regularly.  The food choices here are decent, but the service sucks, it smells like urine and BO covered by pine-sol, and they cram too many tables in for it to be pleasant.  The floor literally pulled my shoe off of my foot it was so sticky.  Gross.
3	We came here because we were really hungry and it wasn't too bad. It was one of our random trips up to Phoenix one day and we decided to eat here. The food was good and with $4 fireball bombs, can't complain!
5	This place is amazing! Ash is the best restauranteur ever. Food is amazing and service is stellar. Best happy hour you will find. 2 everything's all day!
2	I decided to try this place for takeout for lunch today since I was craving some Mongolian. This was my first time here and I'm familiar with the concept since I've been to YC's. Unfortunately it did not live up to my expectations.Pros:- Friendly and helpful hostess- A variety of proteins to choose fromCons:- My noodles were overcooked and mushy :-(- The sauce was SPICY, it was not marked as spicy. I thought the whole concept of being able to customize your meal is to add spice if you want it.- It took a long time for them to cook it- $12 lunch; noodle bowl and drink. The portion size was mediocre for the price.Since the cons outweigh the pros, I would not recommend.
5	Awesome place... the food is awesome, drink specials all day and the staff do a great job. When my friends come into town, we always make this a spot for dinner and some drinks!If you don't like the food, I'm sorry but you made your own bowl- its your fault!!
3	I really enjoy coming to eat here, there is a great selection of meats and veggies to create the perfect just for you bowl.  There is also a good selection of starches to go with your meat and veggies. The drink specials are great as well. The only thing I knock down from this place is the smell... I dread the smell in here and for that reason I ususally do the take out. They really need to get someone in here to deep clean the restaurant.
4	The first time I tried a place like this was in san diego and I fell in love! I love this place because you basically pick your own ingredients. The only downfall could be that you suck at picking ingredients and your food sucks. While you can complain at other places, here you can't blame anyone but yourself! Im sure the servers are happy about that! they have soooooo much variety! from chicken to scallops, to calamari, etc! and all sorts of spices and veggies and sauces! i feel like a little kid in here! so you get to pick your veggies, meats, sauces, spices, and at the cook bar they ask you what starches you want. I like noodles! and they cook it for you and bring it to you. Mine always ends up tasting amazing! I go all GENGHIS KHAN ON MY FOOD! haha..anyway, All the flavors are a kick in the mouth...in a good way!...(is there a good way to get kicked in the mouth?!)..you get my point! the servers are super nice, and the place is super cheap!They have awesome drink specials too! monday-Thursday, all day happy hour!
3	It is what it is.. stuff that bowl. Better quality meat than YC's. Fun atmosphere.
4	ALWAYS love the food.  This location is a little more difficult to maneuver (tons of college kids), but that is ok if you aren't starving and can wait a bit.Took my 5 year old at her request and we had such a lovely time.  The staff are great and treat everyone well.  Even a slightly hyper kiddo who wants to chat with everyone.People watching is great, the food is always just what you want, and the drinks are top notch.
4	Love this place. I was always a fan of YC's. This place is kind of the same concept with way better ingredients to add to your bowl. Not only does it seem much fresher there is a lot more to choose from. The drinks are also really good with some long pours.
4	I've gone to Genghis Grill quite a few times over the year.  Every time I go, I try different combinations of meats and veggies with different sauces and spices every time.  Each time I've ate, I've never been disappointed.  There are so many choices to get that you would need a bigger bowl than they offer.
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant of all time. The food is always fresh and the areas are generally clean. I've come here often and the service has come to recognize my face. They're always fun to be around and the atmosphere is great.
3	Had lunch there today. It was pretty ok. I wouldn't give it 4 stars, although my boyfriend might. We got a lot of food and took it home and really good service.Service : 4Food: 3
4	This place is awesome. I am a huge fan of Mongolian barbecues and this place is no exception. The server was ultra friendly, the ingredients looked pretty fresh, and there are instructions for you non-veterans to Mongolian bbq. So after overfilling my bowl with an assortment of goods, I sat down and 5 minutes later the raw food became hot and delicious stir-fry. I'm definitely coming back here for sure.
5	This Genghis Grill is THE BEST! Let me start off by saying that my BF and I have been to GGs in 4 states and we crave it so badly when we go back to Los Angeles. They don't have a GG in Cali (should be one soon!) so we go whenever we are near one. This one is THE BEST! Seriously. They cook everything great, the shopping center is great, and it really lives up to our expectations. I wouldn't say the staff and/or the atmosphere are amazing, but that's not why we go there. My BF was a little annoyed that they gave him his beer before we went to go get our food (didn't want to leave a drink unattended while we were stuffing our bowls, just in case they tried to roofie my guy..lol) but that's cool. Love you guys!!
4	Can't go wrong here! Mongolian food quick with your own taste preference :)
5	This place is pretty awesome! The customer service is excellent, and the server directly let us know about what was available to us and made us feel very welcome. The food was also incredibly delicious and at the right levels of spicy!! Supposedly this GG is #8 in the country! Definitely check it out if you're in the area.
1	Usually I would give this place 5 stars but tonight I was pretty disappointed with the service. I have gone on Friday nights when it is super busy and I still get 5 star service. Me and my friend went tonight July 15 2013 because she wanted to use her coupon for a free birthday bowl. when we arrived we waited at the front for the hostess to seat us for 10 mins then my friend just grabbed two bowls and napkins herself then we sat ourselves at a table. usually this isn't a big deal but the fact that we waited for 10 mins is ridiculous because it wasn't busy. you would think on a night that it was slow it would have been a good night to go but i guess we were wrong. then when we tried to use my friends free bowl coupon the server told us that it had already been used even though she showed the server that she just got a email reminder that she needed to use the coupon before it expired on the 26th. I understand when you put a code in and it doesn't work but the fact that the server seemed to get a little rude with us was uncalled for. we weren't being rude to her we were just curious to why it wasn't working. and the fact that there was no onsite manager there was stupid. i just wanted to bring it to someones attention that the hostess was nowhere to be found when we tried to get a table and i'm sorry if you don't want to do your job then why are you working there when there are plenty of people out there that would be able to do you job with a smile on your face. I just have to say i'm really disappointed with the crew that was there tonight it seemed like there were problems all night while we were there especially with the hostess. very unorganized. so if your trying to go there on a Monday night because it's not that busy I would say don't because you will get better service on the weekends. I will not be going back there anytime soon.
4	I was really confused when I first walked in.  There was no menu and I didn't notice the price on the wall for the bowls.  When I got in line, I had no idea how they were going to charge me, by weight? certain ingredients? by gender? I didn't know. No one had explained it to me.  I found out later that you pay one flat price. I made it through the process fine, got my food and enjoyed it immensely, until I noticed that they did not put in one of my ingredients! They took out the pineapple from my bowl of ingredients that I handed them. Why?! What do they have against pineapples?  The waiter was very friendly, until he learned that I had a high value coupon. Then he practically ignored me the rest of the time.  That was fine, because I didn't really see the point of waiters at this restaurant anyway since they don't really need to take your order. Overall, the food was great, you get a lot for the price. Now that I know the process, I would come back again.
4	Solid spot for stir fry. Service is average, but the food is why it gets four stars. Really good bowls. No major complaints.
3	What I like: -The meat isn't frozen, that's nice. -There is a lot to choose from. -The bowls they serve in are nice; I need some for my own house.- They have a happy hour, and the waitresses are cute.What I don't like:-It could be me, but I always feel rushed here. - I can't figure out of it's a sports bar with a dining alternative, or if it's a restaurant with a sports bar fetish...-The man who want to know if I want rice or noodles doesn't speak to me.. he points. (Come on, let's use our words on this one.)Verdict: I am not a big fan of this place, but it really isn't a bad place either. I am very bifurcated. Part of me wants to give this sports bar a 4, but then the rest of me wants to give this franchise eatery a 3.If only they had beer - wait, they do.
5	I usually have a hard time giving restaurants 5 stars. However here at GENGHIS GRILL that's not a problem. The meat options are the best in the state as well as the quality. They have pretty much every veggie you would want to add to a stir-fry bowl and the sauces are amazing. I always feel like I am well taken care of here from the refills to the way I am treated when I first walk in. GREAT JOB GENGHIS. You earned this five star rating!!
4	I went to Genghis Grill for the first time the other night.  My finance had told me about it, and I was a little apprehensive on the concept at first.  But I went willingly anyway (mainly because I was hungry, and I was not paying LOL).  When you first get there, you are handed a bowl, you're seated, and then you go to the area where all the food stuff is located.  This is where you can choose from meats galore, vegetables, sauces, and spices, and anything else you want in it.  After you're done choosing, you pick your starch to go in it.  The greatest thing about this place is that you're essentially the cook:  you pick the ingredients, the spices, and the sauces you want in it, so if you don't like it, it's your own fault, NOT the restaurants.  I really like that concept a lot.  So I was a great cook that night.  LOL.  Oh, and another thing:  when you first put your ingredients in the bowl, it's raw.  You give the person behind the counter your bowl full of stuff, and they cook it for you and place your stuff together (with your starch) in a larger bowl for you to pig out on.  I recommend this place to anyone who is a picky eater.  This place would have gotten five stars, but I'm not too keen with the wait staff.  If you can get past Skippy waiting your table, then you'll be fine.  Enjoy.
1	Blah and yuck! Basically a buffet.
4	I used to go to YC's all the time but this place has been replacing it. I am not sure why... maybe the $1 sake during happy hour?Anyway, today there was a special for $6.99 bowls so my friends and I went. There's a variety of ingredients like bacon, sausage, pepperoni, chicken, beef, scallops, calamari, white fish, etc. Then there's the veggies and then the sauces.The portions are definitely smaller than YC's. I still managed to get a pretty good amount of food into my bowl. At YC's, you have a bigger bowl and it's easier to smash everything into it. Here... not so much. But I found a way around it. Build a wall with broccoli and essentially make your bowl twice as big. It's a work of art and architecture in the end.Sauces and flavors are good. Variety. Nice place to hang out with friends. :) Just make it work your buck. Pack it in!
5	I don't know how anyone could consider this place disgusting. It's delicious!!! You know it's buffet style so you can pick and choose what you want in your bowl. Love the idea!! The food is amazing!
3	Typical Mongolian BBQ grill - you get a (smallish) bowl, choose your proteins, veggies, sauces, and starches, then hand them over for cooking. They bring the finished dish to your table. I chose chicken, salmon, scallops, a variety of vegetables,  a curry sauce, and rice noodles. The resulting dish was OK, a bit on the bland side; perhaps this is because I didn't take as much sauce as I should have. The staff is friendly and helpful, but the queue at the ingredients trays moves slowly.
3	This place is only as good as the ingredients you choose. I learned that the hard way while trying to make sure my dish would be spicy. I overloaded on the heat and my meal was barely edible. It takes some practice to make the perfect meal, making sure to not overdo a particular ingredient or seasoning (dragon salt in my case). I recommend asking someone for some recipes, or finding a recipe card.
3	I used to come to Genghis almost once a month when I was attending ASU and I loved it but when I was in town this past weekend visiting my experience was very different from what I was used to.While I was filling up my sauce the manager came up behind me and told me everything had to fit in the bowl (I had placed 2 eggs in a tin cup) I said oh well that's a new rule I never had to do that before. The manager said no it has always been that way and I responded NO it has not actually and he proceeded to tell me that now he is running this place and why it's not going bankrupt. I then had enough of our arguing back and forth and asked how much extra for an egg and he told me $2 per extra egg... which is absolutely insane when you can buy an entire carton for $2!!!! I finally gave up and made a nest on top of my bowl for the egg.When I sat my waiter Jong was fantastic no complaints on him but throughout my meal the manager kept giving me dirty looks and made me feel very uncomfortable. He never came over to the table or any table for that matter just glared around the restaurant the whole time I was there.  Still love the food  and service from waiter but disappointed in new manager and his ridiculous price on an extra egg and the experience vibe he gave me, very unprofessional.
1	Last night was an epic fail on the service side of things. So apparently Erica (not sure of spelling since she never came back) was near her end of shift and decided to just leave us in a lurch, which meant our drinks were empty the majority of the meal and I had to get a manager to figure out someone to bring our check so we could just get out of there. Thanks for the crappy birthday meal experience.
3	The owner is nice.
5	Drink specials here are absurd. ABSOLUTELY great.
3	We met here for lunch.  First of all there were no shrimp. Then we made our choices,  between the coming stone and our table,  our meat/ fish choices had disappeared and then we got bowks that were not ours.   The manager told my elderly mom that her name sounded Like that of a man. Very tactful!  Not a good experIence.
3	I am always a fan of stir fry. This place is awesome for me since I am a picky eater, and I pick exactly what goes in my bowl. The food is always great. But the rating is lacking two stars due to customer service. When we walked in it looked like the hostess had just left the stand, and didn't let us know she would be right back. She wasn't quick to return and the busser was polite enough to greet us and fetch her for us. Our server was fine for most of the meal until the end. He took our drinks to refill and didnt return for quite a few minutes. He left the check on the table and went to take it before we had put our payment in the pocket. We weren't finished eating! After he brought back the check he left us with a pen and we let it sit while we were still eating. The server proceeded to take the pen from our table give it to another table, again before we had signed or even finished our meal! I was annoyed. I understand in a restaurant in order to make money you need to turn over your tables. But come on, that was just rediculous. I will continue coming to this Genghis as long as that guy doesnt serve me again.
3	This place has a unique concept: create your own meal. I guess if you are creative, go head and give this place a try. If you don't like what you're eating then you can't blame anyone else because you're the individual that created the dish.So if you're confused about what I'm writing about, this restaurant is a create your own entree place. You are basically your own chef. You pick your meats, veggies, side items, seasoning, etc. and hope that what you picked out will end up looking (and tasting) appetizing. This restaurant is categorized as Mongolian, but I don't think what I created was Mongolian-like. lol. I really wished they had a separate menu on the side for those that are indecisive and would rather pick something truly Mongolian. :)My tip is don't be afraid to had lots of meats and seasoning. I regret this because mine was light on the meat side, and it tasted super bland. I would recommend this place if you're tired of ordering from a menu and would like to test the waters with new and inventive dishes.
4	Genghis grill rocks. If you like YCs then you will love this place. I prefer it because they have larger bowls, the meats aren't frozen and their selection is better. I so like the fact that hey have predetermined recipes that you can follow on some cards before you enter the line.
5	One of my favorite place!This tempe location always has great drink specials and the staff is very friendly
5	I had the pleasure of stopping in at the Genghis grill at The Tempe Marketplace today after a long day of work, I had some food which was decent but what made me write this review was the service I received while there for Happy hour. I had the pleasure of being served by the bartender Amanda was her name i believe. Prompt service with a smile, very engaging, stayed on top of my drink orders and was an overall joy to be around. I'd go back just to be served by her. Made my night better. Thanks Amanda, you were great!
4	This was my first time eating here and I found it to be a very pleasant experience. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. He explained how the process all worked and was very on top of refilling our drinks. My kids really enjoyed being able to make their own bowls and had a lot of fun with it. The meats are fresh and not frozen, there's plenty to choose from as far as topping are concerned. You can sample the sauces to find the one you like the best or you can mix and match. Bottom line was that the food was good, the prices were fair, and the customer service was great. Will be coming back!
4	I have to say i was very happy with the service this time around. They have new owners and i love the new settings inside. It is more personalized where the server actually calls your name instead of a number and it looks alot more organized and cleaner. I will be going back because im once again a fan of the service.
2	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =Barely resisting the great Smashburger right next door, I dropped into Genghis here for some Mongolian style Lunch Buffet today...Table service from "Martika" was friendly, & I loaded up my lunch bowl with a variety of meats from the selection of FOURTEEN (!), including various forms of chicken, beef, pork and seafood.  I particularly enjoyed being able to toss in bacon & scallops!     :-))Over in the fruits, veggies, eggs etc. area I selected numerous treats including a top favorite, Chinese Snow Peas, piling my bowl up as high as I could without any spilling out onto the tray, for which the sign says they would charge you extra!     :-OFor cooking sauces this time I went with a cup of Khanzu & a cup of Dragon, after tasting them, plus a little garlic water.At the end of the help-yourself line you select starches...  one with the smallest bowl, two with a medium (which I had) or three with a large.  I chose fried rice & rice noodles, which the chef cooks & combines with the contents of the bowl you turned in.  Then pretty soon your new larger bowl containing everything cooked is brought to your table.I liked this location a little more than the one on Bell Rd., but less than either of the YC's Mongolian Grill locations I have visited.  The dining room comfort was ok, not great, and the food came out tasting ok but it was greasy.  It's also rather expensive for what you're getting.Small:  $8.99Medium:  $10.99Large (or unlimited Small Bowls):  $13.99
5	New owners and it shows. The decor is completely renovated and they have taken out a view obstructing wall, which has really opened the placed up. I hadn't been at this location for several months but recently stopped in with some coworkers for lunch and was blown away by the design changes. The atmosphere is much more lively and inviting. The service was great and the quality of food, as always, was great. I really like what they did with the bar area as this is where they removed a wall that really obstucted your view of the restuarant when sitting at the bar. Now, it's completely open and is a welcomed change. Will be visiting again.
3	I used to LOVE this place, but they have new owners and while they've made some improvements, the manager that's always there is such a jerk! He was super rude to me and my friends on multiple occasions, and said the same thing that he apparently said to anoter reviewer on here. Something along the lines of "well that's why the other owners went bankrupt, and things are different now."The food is still good, but they did increase the drink prices. It just doesn't seem as busy and laid back as it used to be. More of corporate feel now. We love the concept so we'll probably be back, but miss the previous owners
1	Let me start by saying that I was pretty hungry when I stopped into Genghis Grill. The concept is similar to other locations in the valley with smaller portions than others I have visited. The staff was super friendly and very helpful but please.... the buffet where you load your food was filthy! Not just spilled food, but dirty bowls to heap your food into and crusty little sauce bowls too. I can't believe the health department hasn't taken a peek at that. The food was fair but I just couldn't get past the mess. Sorry.
5	I have never had bad service here and I have always been a big fan and will continue to be. The bowls are good along with the service. I didn't even notice that the drink prices went up. I wish that they would start excepting Tradesource again, I would use all my trade dollars here. I have introduced many friends to Genghis Grill since it opened a few years ago and almost all of them loved it.
3	Genghis is okay. I have had better and I have had worse. It's nice being able to customize your bowl and adding only what you want. You can really stack a lot of protein into your bowl and the price is the same. Service is average- nothing notable to me. For a quick tasty lunch, genghis is good.
2	I've been here twice before, most recently 4 months ago. We really liked it as a standard Mongolian BBQ. However, I went last night and was disappointed. They've switched to small, med, and large bowl options which is an OK idea, but the small is $8.99 and TINY. All of the handles for scoop ingredients were filthy and sticky up to the tips of the handles. They added tasting spoons for sauces (again good idea), but the flavors of the sauces were lacking and homogeneous, with many being honey-something or other. Someone mentioned new owners, which may explain the changes.The only high point was our waitress, Victoria I believe, who was amazing! However, her awesome serving skills weren't enough for me to plan to come back.
5	Oh Genghis Grill, why can't you open a location in Northern California yet?Was in town for spring training this past week and I HAD to stop in at Genghis, as it's one of my favorite restaurants in the area. I used to go in at least once a week for the food and my favorite server/bartender Mike. I was happy to see he was still there when we went in and still giving the impecable service he did when I lived out there. If I could steal him and make him move to Cali, I would. He's that good.I was shocked when I walked in, because they have completely redesigned this location. I thought it was classy and beautiful. The upgrades they have made seem to be working in their favor.Go in and ask for Mike if he's working. You won't be sorry.
5	Love, love, love their fun Mongolian establishment! It's self-serve and build your own meal, but they've got all the cool stuff, and an extensive selection of ingredients to choose from! So much you'd be so undecided on what to choose. Was in town visiting family and ended up coming TWICE! Here is my take and how why both visits are worthy of a rare 5 star:1.) THE MEAT: This is one of the best parts. From what I recall, they have Chicken, Spicy Chicken, Fish, Steak, Beef, Bacon, Pepperoni, Crab, Eggs, and a few other things that I forget. Everything looked very fresh! 2.) TASTE TEST YOUR FLAVORS! You can taste as many sauces as you'd like, and you can mix them. If you're not sure try them! This is not your typical Mongolian, they have sauces like Kung Pao and Teriyaki which is all you really need if you want that type of a dish.3.) INDECISIVE? DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START? No worries. In the beginning of the line, they have fun recipe cards you can use and to help you start so then if you're looking to put in your flavor...you can play around with it. Think of it as an inspiration card.4.) CHOOSE YOUR STARCH: I usually go with the brown rice. I love that that they have brown rice and I'm sure you healthy eaters will too. Think it's not enough? You can get it on cabbage as well to be extra lean!5.) SUPER COOL TOUCH PAD: Here, you can split your tab with your lunch date and fun touch pad games while waiting. You can order drinks which we did one night during dinner; it was delivered FAST!**I love that this brings an opportunity to just get creative. You can be really interactive with it. The place has a great ambiance to hang out and have fun! We will be back anytime we are in AZ.
5	Before I start my review, a matter of full disclosure first: I am the contestant for this Genghis Grill's 2014 Health Kwest, a competition to lose weight over 60 days eating Genghis Grill once a day for each of those days. As part of this competition I do get a free bowl for those 60 days and must complete social media challenges for the possibility to win money at the end of the competition, one of the challenges is to complete a Yelp review. I will try to be as fair handed as possible.This particular branch of Genghis Grill fell under new ownership a couple of months back and they have done wonderful work to update the look of the restaurant and up the skill of its employees, and it shows. The new bar and dining area are tasteful and the staff is excellent. Over the past 48 days, I have become acquainted with a number of the staff who know me by name and are always pleasant. Allen, Andrew, and Mike have always been skilled behind the bar and make sure my stays are pleasant and my glass of water is never empty. Arnell and the grill staff are always hard at work and always make sure my bowls are well taken care of and never burned or under-cooked. David, Martika, Hailey, and Edwin have been some of the best servers, making sure my bowls are brought to the table quickly and always greet myself and any guests with a smile and great attitude.The food here is what you make of it, quite literally. There is a variety of meats from beef and chicken to turkey and calamari. With plenty of seasonings and loads of vegetables the real struggle is to limit yourself so your flavor combination doesn't overpower itself. This is one area of criticism. While some recipe cards are offered at the line, there could definitely be more, showing how versatile a Mongolian stir fry can be. Given the combinations, you aren't limited to just an Asian inspired meal. You can branch out to an Italian pasta dish with pepperoni and red sauce. You can do some outstanding fajitas or even a manly beef and vegetable with barbeque sauce dish. I just wish they had 1) a salad bar and 2) a buffalo sauce so you could make a buffalo chicken and vegetable dish.My only criticisms are minor and I really enjoy the establishment. And don't let people tell you these places are grossly unhealthy, if you do your bowl right and pay attention, they can be extremely good for you. Even my vegetarian mom loves this place.
3	*Be careful if you have allergies, the cooks don't read your instructions*I've been to the tempe location of genghis grill several times, and it's a refreshing change from the usual mongolian grill places like YC's. I appreciate the fact that they have brown rice, and healthier options, you can go all veggie, you can go all meat, it has equal parts food for everyone to enjoy. The offering of shrimp and calamari is nice too, few asian bbqs offer anything good, just frozen white fish.My problem with this location is that the people running the grill are not careful enough and I doubt their grasp of the english language. In any other case I would not care who speaks what, but when it comes to actual concerns about food ALLERGIES, the guys cooking the food, to your instructions, should understand what you said and take it seriously  The last time I went here I was with a group, I put my dish together with what I like, and I never add any of the flavored sauces, their sauces have ingredients that I am allergic to. When your done you go up to the counter and you tell the cooks what starch you want,  and you can even write on a special request card about allergies, and any requests. I wrote down allergies, clean stove You'd think that cooks in charge of people's food, with a guests' allergies in mind would understand that it is important and watch their work. Nope. I got my bowl, it smelled sweet, and it was visibly darker than usual, I had my friend take a bite and it was for sure cooked in sweet teriyaki sauce, the bowl was ruined for me and the line was now long and huge, I'd have to wait 20 minutes to get back to dinner if I went back in line. Lame.  Presented the problem to a manager, and the reply I got was this: "Ohh there's sauce, we can wash it off real quick with hot water, you won't taste it", I reminded the manager that this was an allergy, you can't wash it off, and I was offered a new bowl and to cut in line in front of everyone. Okay, nice enough fix, the manager did what they could to fix it after the fact, but it was a cruddy experience.When I tell a cook in plain english that I have an allergy, and even write it down on a card for them to read while doing their job, and they don't do it, how do you trust them after that? Lame. I'm never coming back to this location ever.Otherwise, it's a fine place to chill...they just need to clean up the serving ladels and spoons, those things are sticky...gotta sanitize towel that stuff.
1	I used to love this place but I've had two bad visits in a row so I'm done. Yesterday 2 out of the 4 people at my table got the wrong starch, one had a very long delay because they'd somehow lost his bowl, another had totally raw egg in their bowl and we all had trouble getting drinks refilled. The prior visit my husbands bowl was served to the table next to us but the gentleman recognized that it wasn't his and sent it away. It was eventually served to my husband although they did offer to let him make a new bowl. Honestly, no one wants to start over when everyone else at the table has their meal. It seems like once they upgraded the decor everything else went downhill. Nothing is quite as clean and tidy as it used to be and the ingredients aren't as fresh. I also was bothered to see the busser wiping chairs and tables with the same towel but I see that at a lot of places...yuck!
5	I ate here a few times in the last two months.  Service is top-shelf, and the food is awesome.  Not sure how the food could ever be a problem, though, as you select your desires from fresh, lean options and flavor your dish according to your own tastes at this place!   What a great experience!  Can't wait to get back!  Nyum, Nyum!!!
5	The food here is always amazing!! And I always come at night and sit in the bar! Mike is wonderful; always friendly, courteous, funny and has the perfect amount of distance but also being available. I will continue to come back :)
5	This location has new ownership and it has been amazing! Now one of my favorite places to go.
2	I've eaten here a few times and I've really enjoyed it. This last time though has made me reconsider. My dad was visiting from out of town and I thought this was the perfect place because he loves building his own dishes and he has a big appetite. When we arrived the restaurant wasn't too busy, no one was up at the hostess stand so we waiting to be seated, only about 5 minutes until we were greeted. Our food came out fast, almost too fast. My food was fine, but my dad was saying he didn't think it was cooked all the way through. Our waiter was nowhere to be found, our waters stayed empty. Finally, he came around and we both asked for more noodles, something I do every time I come. The side he brought was so small, definitely smaller than I'm used to. When we got the bill we were charged 1.99 each for the side of noodles! Not worth 2 bucks...and I've never been charged when I ask for extra every other time I've been there. The whole reason I went there over YC's is because you can get extra. I don't know if I got lucky every other time, or he just charged us to charge us. Either way, if you want more starch, make sure you ask if it's extra. Total was $28 for our 2 medium bowls and 2 sides of noodles. When we went to pay our waiter was standing over us as we took out the money and was very quick to get us out. I felt rushed. My dad was very disappointed and thought the food was just OK. Probably could have received a more quality meal for 28 bucks. Not sure if I'll be back...definitely won't recommend. My dad isn't hard to please, so if he's not happy, you know there's a problem.
4	I've been here a few times and I could never make my dish good. Recently though, it finally came out well and I've been returning ever since! We were waiting for our movie to start and decided to get a few drinks. Customer service has always been good to me. We ended up just getting some drinks, saki, and pot stickers. You can't go wrong with their happy hour its really not that bad. I can definitely see myself coming back here!
4	Pros:-good selection of veggies, meats, and other items to put in your stir fry-staff was friendly when they messed up my order (they made it w/ rice instead of udon noodles)-the sirloin tip was tasty-I like the Dragon sauce-the dining area was clean and comfortableCons:-the stuff in the back row of the assembly line is hard to reach, at least for me. and I don't think my arms are unusually short.-you don't get a TON of food for your money, like at YC's; disclaimer: I haven't been to YCs for about 5 years so I don't know how expensive they are now. for $11.69 (including tip) I got a small bowl with udon noodles that filled me up, but just barely if you know what I mean. I was hungry again 2.5 hours later.-like other reviewers said, handles for the sauce ladles are sticky and stuffoverall, I like the healthy aspect to this place and it's a great place for vegetarians since there are so many veggies and tofu to add to your stir fry.
3	I really wanted to love this place but I cant. YC's is a much better deal. Smaller portions, higher prices, drinks not included, no extras like soup and frozen yogurt and a server that you need to tip for not doing much of anything. BlehIf I'm going to stand in line and create my own meal, let me wait for it and carry it to my table so I don't feel obligated to tip.Nice selection of meats and noodles, sauces and spices - but I would never choose this place over YC's. Tried it 3 x's and just don't like it.They do serve alcohol here so that is a plus.
1	The manager of this store is so unbelievably offensive I will never come here again. After my roommate complained that there was a hair in her food the manager came over looked at the bowl then turned to me and said "are you sure this isn't your hair?" Im sorry but are you kidding me? Even if that was supposed to be a joke that was made in extremely poor taste and offended the rest of my party sitting with me. Who ever told this guy he was funny should be slapped.
5	Been here twice and I love it! I had no idea what I was putting in my bowl the first time I came, and was a little overwhelmed because I didn't really know how it worked but I was not disappointed! Whatever I put in there came out awesome! Second visit, I knew more what I was doing and what to go for. Just wish they would have some suggestions on good mixes....and also more dessert items. Another plus, the computer check out systems. Its so much faster if you're paying with a credit card.
4	This location was better a year ago before they turned it around to make it like all the other ones. I remember back in the day, Happy Hour was all weekend and all well drinks were $2!!  They didn't have all the perks, like the appetizers or "large" bowl option, or even the little ordering cards.I keep going back though, and the food is still tasting good, so I am acclimating. I really like the build-it-yourself philosophy.  Perhaps I am a control freak, but I like to decide how much spice and sauce and broccoli goes into my bowl. I like a lot of broccoli, moderate amount of sauce, and a little spice.  My husband goes the complete opposite route with no broccoli, tons of sauce, and too much spice. It just would not be a complete experience at Genghis Grill if it does not include him pondering that maybe his bowl is too spicy.Getting back to those appetizers, I suggest skipping them. If you shove down all the contents of your bowl as you  go through the line, a regular bowl is enough food.  We got the edamame last time because it was included in a coupon, and it was mediocre. We also got the ice cream since it was also included in the coupon, and it was also mediocre.  Envision two very small scoops of vanilla ice cream in a small dish, lightly drizzled with chocolate sauce.  That is the sundae. No whip cream, no sprinkles and no cherry on top. The servers are always friendly and the people watching is usually acceptably entertaining.  Sign up for their mailing list because you get good coupons (although then you wind up with boring edamame and cherry-less sundaes....). Kids eat free on Tuesdays!
3	I'm giving this place a 3 out of five because I loved the food,but the service was lacking. This was my first time eating here and I felt that my server did not properly explain everything. She did not mention the booklets they had with recipes you could make, did not tell us there were bowls in the menu that we could order, and did not really explain the process. I did not like the fact that you have to scoop the meat yourself because its disgusting. Touching a cold, wet, meat juice infested tong is gross. They should come up with some other way of handling the meat. I felt like they did offer a variety of meats, veggies, fruits and sauces. The food came back really fast and it was very tasty.
5	Stopped in before a movie and found my new spot! Great drinks, great food and a perfect location right next to Harkins. Will be back!
4	I've been eating here with a friend for a few years for lunch, a kind of tradition to do before or after seeing a movie at the local theater next door in this trendy outdoor mall. I like putting together my own meal with the meat, veggies and starch I like. The food is well prepared and quite tasty. I looked at the reviews and have had much better luck with the service; it's been very good for us, never a problem. There have been a few recent changes. There are now three bowl sizes to choose from, and the effect is that to get the same size as before, it costs a few dollars more. While the place is a good lunchtime restaurant, it is a just a bit pricey now for this location. Also, there's a computer tablet at the table. The servers are helpful in showing how to navigate this, although I'm not that high tech so don't really feel the need for this. Overall, I like the place and will continue to go there when in the area to meet a friend for a movie. I find it better than the other restaurants at this mall location.
4	I love the concept of genghis grill, and after messing up at YC's with too much sauce and seasoning, I was very careful. I really like how the protein is fresh, not frozen, and they have many different options. I mainly stuck with chicken and steak, and really piled on the veggies. Lots of options! I also added noodles/rice and sauce and seasonings before lettin it sizzle while I went back to table to have my drink already there. (Great happy hour specials) When my food came it was a huuge portion!! It was absolute perfection! Also scored points for the sriracha:). Plenty of leftovers, and one happy girl means I will be back:)
1	Very disappointed. Went there on a Saturday night. They said the were down 2 chefs. It took 20 mins to get thru the food line then 35 mins for our food to come out. The food was hot so that's why I gave a 1 star. I'll never visit this place again. I'd rather go to YCs
2	Food was great but our server was terrible. Went with a friend and it was both of our first time, the server made no effort to explain anything or ask if we needed anything even once during the entire meal. No offers for refills until we were done eating then dissapeared to behind the bar for another 20minutes before asking if we needed boxes. I would avoid this location like the plague.
1	They choose the noodle amount for you- definitely robbed the value of what we paid. I had the same amount of food my 5 year old had.
4	I returned to genghis after a pretty poor customer service experience the first time. This next round was significantly better, and I am happy I returned. My only gripe was that they had no shrimp, and I was pretty bummed because my mouth was watering for it. The service, though, was my chief complaint the first time and my server was definitely an upgrade. Not outstanding, but an upgrade. Enough so I will be returning.
5	I've been here so many times, don't know why I haven't bothered to rate it yet. Easily to best Mongolian grill-type restaurant that I've been to - deserving of 5-stars in the Mongolian category. It's quite a drive for me to the nearest Genghis Grill, but worth it. I dine here several time a year and like to bring out of town visitors.I love their fresh meats - not frozen slices that you need to smash down in your bowl, like virtually every MG restaurant. Has the largest selection of meats, veggies and sauces that I've seen. They now offer three bowl sizes, instead of just one. On the negative side, they used to have 12 "recipe" cards that assisted new visitors on building their bowls, but they've replaced those with newer recipes that aren't nearly as appealing. They've also implemented - inexplicably - a policy of charging a person an additional $4 for going backward through the food line (i.e., to add a item you overlooked, or more of a favorite item). They also could improve on labeling all food items.
1	All i can say the worse server,  they forgot our order, they dont know how to handle there customer well. Everyone is rushing no quality at all.
5	Great service; our server checked in us several times and offered us drinks, apps, and desert.  The manager also came by our table. The food was fresh and the buffet area was very clean. Awesome experience!
1	This location is horrible! One its winter and cold as heck inside with all the fans going full blast, two there's nothing like gangster rap music playing loud as hell, then to top it off almost all the food bins were empty. We ordered our water and lemonade and only waited 15 minutes for it and the place was 20% full. This is one location we will never come back to plus it was pretty dirty around food area. Not sure why we even stayed
2	On 12/17/2014, i visited genghis grill for the 1st time. I dined at the Tempe Marketplace location with friends and family. Upon entering the 'food line' to determine my bowl size and select my food ingredients, i immediately noticed the vast amount of food and debris on the floor in front of the food selection area, which was certainly not a positive impression of my 1st visit. During the length of our entire dining experience, that floor area was never cleaned up. When selecting my bowl size an employee assisted but constantly inspected the bowls for cleanliness prior to distributing them to the customers and 'discarded' about 25% of the bowls on the 'clean' shelf. This made me uncomfortable because if the employee could not trust that the items would be clean, how could I?Reaching the food selections located in the rear of the display cases was actually impossible to do so while maintaining proper hygiene. Because of their location in relation to the plastic sneeze shield, most customers including myself had to actually duck under the shield and reach our entire upper bodies under the shield to reach the food items in the rear of the display cases. This made the food selection process very difficult because the height clearance did not allow for much room to reach the food items in the rear of the display caseMany of the food items were in very low supply and we had to ask the employee to refill many of them, such as the spices, vegetables and sauces. I asked myself, 'Why aren't these items more constantly monitored by the employees to maintain proper food levels?'my food was cooked and actually delivered with some burnt remains from what appeared to be an unclean grill surface or burnt remnants of another source.I relay this information to you because i feel this location needs immediate attention and for the staff to be properly trained or retrained.I am very disappointed by my 1st visit to any genghis grill.
1	Been here twice. Both times they took the egg from my tray and put it in the other bowl at our table even though the bowls were on separate trays. When you have food allergies, this is a problem. Liked the food, just not confident they can take care of food allergies well.
2	This place is expensive for a quasi self serve food.  The meats were not particularly tender or anything to write home about as far as taste. For a $15 medium bowl I would skip this restaurant and find some place that's a better value, better quality and taste.
5	Great staff, the manager is awesome! He was our server and made lots of good recommendations, and my lady who loves her fruity drinks got a whole new one not even On the regular menu! Thanks you guys rock!!!
1	Fallen from grace.Me and my wife used to come to hear all the time for delicious food. It was reasonably priced and always tasted fantastic. Service was exactly what I needed to be, not too much not too little.It's all changed.In attempt to confuse and infuriate you there are now  multiple bowl sizes that connects to a rule about not having food at your tray where they try to nickel and dime you. don't worry, you won't forget as there are tons of signs pointing this out about how we will charge you if you even slightly askew from their plan. Gone are the days of just getting a bowl and using engineering skills to build a leaning Tower of food.As well, they have implemented new, at the table digital check out system. These are great, but because the staff already doesn't have much to do in a self-service restaurant, you've never seen people dig for tips harder in your life. It's actually pretty unfortunate... being friendly is good, continuously interrupting our dinner and attempting to be helpful because you have nothing to do is not.Sorry, you guys were doing it well for so long but apparently it couldn't last.
4	Really nice place service was great. Meat was fresh I don't think there was anything to complain about. Even when the line was long for the for to be cooked it still came out pretty fast. I would recommend this place to eat
