5	Ahhhhh..... You've arrived. Welcome oh glorious wet, dipped Italian beef delectable.
2	This pains me to write, however we did NOT have a good first experience. And after my extreme excitement about the opening, I'm extra disappointed!  My husband went to pick up food, ordered everything correctly, exactly as he and I wanted it, gladly waited 10 min for the food, drove home and realized there were many things missing...  That ended up being just the beginning of our trouble!  I had the receipt in hand and called asking to speak to a manager. The lady who answered the phone, Carla, said she was the manager, so I told her that we didn't receive items we had paid for, to which she told me she would be glad to give me the items if we came in to get them right then and there. However we live far from the location and my husband was not going to drive all the way back out there. She then told me that was all she could do, that it was company policy there were no other options. I asked if she could take my name and leave a credit of some sort in the office or behind the register, anything other than us driving back out there or just eating the money. To which she said, "no".  That is when I got upset. As a Chicagoan who had been waiting for this restaurant to open, I was beyond disappointed to be treated like this!  She told me there was no proof the burger was missing other than for us to bring all our food, (that we had already unwrapped,) back to the restaurant. So I said, "isn't there an extra burger laying around?"  She instantly replied, "no."  I then asked for her full name and the phone number to corporate because I was so upset that my husband wasn't going to be able to eat and that as new, potentially loyal customers, we were being treated in this manner.  She then asked me to tell her my ticket number again and read to her word for word what was on my receipt. In other words she assumed I was lying trying to get something for free and needed me to recite the list word for word in order to verify I was telling the truth...  All over a $6 burger!!  Here's a tip, you are a new restaurant in town, make your customers happy even if it means losing $6 down the road rather than arguing back and forth with them for 7 minutes while the food they DO have is getting cold!!  After I did the required song and dance Carla put me on hold and came back telling me she magically discovered there WAS an extra burger at the grill, verifying that when I proposed the idea to her 5 minutes prior she had answered without actually checking!!  At that point she asked for my name and phone number and told me that there would be a note behind the register under my name to give me all the items, in addition to the burger, that were missing for free on my next visit. After all that nonsense I could finally get down to eating the food I had been waiting months for!  The bread on both the hot dogs in our order was stale. Other than that, the hot dogs themselves had a nice snap, the fries were good, probably would have been upgraded to great with the cheese I ordered and paid for and the beef was ok... I will be back to receive our missing items for sure...  As for after that is TBD. Sad first experience!
4	I"m not an expert on Chicago italian beef but this was good to me!  I had a Chicago friend recommend it so I had to go.  Mine was dipped and I added provolone... just how I like it.  The beef was tender and had good flavor.  I got the "Big Al" and it was loaded with beef.  Loved it!  It's a quick in and out type of style, very casual.  Get there when you can!
3	This place was just OK. I was excited to go because my boyfriend and I love Portillos and Windy City Dogs. But, unfortunately it did not compare. We both got small Italian beef sandwiches with spicy peppers. My boyfriend liked it but I thought it was just OK. The pickled vegetables inside weren't the flavor I was used to and they overwhelmed the taste of the beef. The bread was pretty good. We also got a tamale which was pretty much a joke, it was microwaved and served directly in the plastic wrapper like it was bought in the frozen food section at the grocery store.The chili fries were pretty good, I liked that the chili did not have beans. My boyfriend also liked his chili dog.
4	Went on the first day and it was super busy.Staff is nice and friendlyFood is good....beef sandwich and hot dogs are great....fried were home made fresh cut...cheese fries could use more cheese.Good fast food spot for lunch!
3	Wasn't big on Al's in Chicago, but figured I owe it to myself to try it out here.  First, the place was busy at lunch, which isn't too much of a surprise since the only recently opened.  My order was placed and ready really quick though.I had the regular (6 inch) beef w/ fries.  My bill was over $10.  I get the price due to supply & demand out here, and maybe even distribution cost from Chicago; but I know I can get a better price elsewhere out here.The beef itself was just good.  It could've used more flavor, and there just want enough meat.  Even after the fries (which were very good), I almost feel like I could eat a snack; that shouldn't happen after eating a beef.  In all honesty, I've had better out here (and as I said, a cheaper price).A decent option if you're dying for a beef in that area; but if you're willing to drive a few miles, you can find better.  I'll stick to my current spot in Vegas to get my beef.
5	The real deal! Now if they could open a Mario's Italian ice across the street! Da Bears!
5	I've heard co-workers rave about this place all week, so I knew I had to get myself here today on my lunch break.Maybe I've seen the Travel Channel feature of this chain. Maybe not. But for sure I've seen the Italian beef sandwich on a couple food shows. And now that these guys are popping up on the West Coast (yeah, I know Vegas isn't on the coast, bear with me), you don't even have to go all the way to Chicago to try it.Business was brisk at peak lunch hour, but it wasn't overwhelmingly crowded even though they'd just opened a few days ago. I went for the Big Al, a 8 inch hunk of meat that all the ladies (and guys) are sure to love. The beef was awesome! It was ridiculously tender but still had lovely flavor and meaty texture. The sweet peppers were a nice complement and the bread definitely soaked up some of the au jus from the beef.Yeah, the sandwich is a little on the pricey side at $7.90 (and the Regular Al is $6.35). But I was browsing through some of the other locations' menus on their web site, including Chicago franchises, and I saw that they were not all that much cheaper than this place.I also had a small order of Homemade Fries (read: plain) for $2.55. I haven't bothered to look up who voted it top 10 in the U.S., but I could buy that argument since they had a balanced saltiness as well as both a soft inside and some crunch on the outside. The fries do complement the beef, so check them out at least once if you're not starch-averse or anti-spending.I'm excited to go back and try a full helping of hot peppers (probably medium-ish even for my sensitive taste buds), as well as get some of the extra au jus that would probably take the sandwich to the next level. That's right, I didn't even ask to get a dipped sandwich or to get extra au jus on the side. The sandwich was still that good.UPDATE: Went back a day latter, got a dipped Big Al with hot and sweet peppers and provolone. Even better. Can I give 6 stars, please?
5	The food is so good. This is my new spot. The service and dining environment is very pleasant and clean
5	Just got home from Al's and all I can say is awesome? My wife and myself each had a Big Al dipped with provolone and shared a large fry. We could have shared one Big Al as it was huge and full of meat. The fries are very good and hand cut. I am glad I live in Henderson because I would be eating at Al's all of the time. We took home a Big Al dry for my son and it was still juicy and not dry. This place is great and worth the drive. Only thing I didn't like is that they charge for a cup of gravy for those of us who like to dip and the cup is very small not dippable.
4	went for first time not the best but a good second to italian beef at omelet house on rampart.worth the money and good meal but there was one spice in it that never had in a chicago italian beef.the omelet house fly's everything in from chicago and owner from chicago.it's just like eating a beef in chicago.for us they rank best italian beef in las vegas.
4	Heard a lot about Al's. ... Pretty Dam good sandwich. ..regular beef..wet..With sweet peppers. .. Look forward to trying other items
3	I may not be from Chicago but I love a good beef sandwich and I might have to chalk this visit up to Al's having growing pains. For starters, they have a fairly large menu that's not only limited to beef sandwiches. There's pretty much something for everyone including burgers, dogs, wraps, salads and chicken sandwiches. They also have a few small items like tamales, chili and a handful of fry variations. I decided on a Big Al, dipped with hot peppers and provolone. Even though we ate there, they wrapped my sandwiche and wrapped it good. Kudos for not having to pull a soggy cluster of wrappers from a soggy bag. The beef was good, very tender and good flavor on it's own. The "gravy" as they call it was also good but it was a lot greasier than I expected. My biggest gripe about the sandwich was that it was barely hot, not spicy hot but temperature. The entire sandwich was just warm and the slices of provolone inside weren't melted at all. Maybe it was my fault for not leaving it in the wrapper long enough? I don't know, but I like my cheese melted and gooey. We also ordered some homemade fries which were really good. I didn't see them do it but they definitely seem to be fresh cut.While the food was decent, I feel it's extremely overpriced for what you get. The sandwich alone was $7.90 but then they charge $0.45 for each item you pick like cheese or peppers. My sandwich ended up coming out to just under $9. This isn't a huge sandwich either so I added fries and with my drink, my bill came out to just under $15. That's high for what looks and feels like a fast food joint.Another big surprise for me was service. I know they are new but our cashier didn't even know where things were on the menu. Then when I asked for my receipt, they wouldn't give it to me and had to ask if I was allowed to keep it...super weird. There were a lot of employees standing around here chatting too. Why the drink station was dirty and the utensil tray was empty is beyond me. Like I said, maybe growing pains but I'll give it a while before I come back.
1	Ugghhhh....if you have ever lived in Chicago or even visited then you know that my review is real. They have made a mockery of the real Al's Beef and all the food in Chicago, I tried to be and the sausage,  the food was terrible the peppers were mushy, I would not ever return, not even for a cup of water and this is the desert where it gets over 115 degrees in the summer. I still can't get that taste out of my mouth. I will stick with Hot Dog Heaven  in Henderson when I want to eat a close  to Chicago beef sandwich or sausage or hotdog.
2	This was so disappointing.  I waited for weeks when I saw they were preparing to open Al's. I found the Italian beef sandwich to be pretty average--a far cry from something that deserves a title of "award winning." The fries were pretty good, if a little oversalted.  The worst part was I saw "Chicago style Tamale" on the menu and thought I would try it. It came wrapped in paper, so picture my surprise when I opened it to find a plastic wrapped microwavable tamale (imagine 7-11's microwavable Mexican food)!  They did do me the service of microwaving it for me, so that was nice.The total for a very average large beef sandwich, a large fries, large drink, and a convenience store tamale came to over $17.  Not a great value as someone else has noted.  I don't think I am likely to return.  Two stars for the fries.
4	The 4 stars is all towards the food. The service in this place is very good but they cant ever seem to get orders right. Not sure if its volume or just not paying attention to detail. The Italian beef is great and the Chicago dog is amazing. Ive had the beef 4 times and 3/4 times the order either didn't have cheese when I ordered it or didn't have sweet peppers. Seems like the morning people do it better than the night people. Maybe just my experience. still I will be back over and over again plus its right across the street. finally some competition for hot dog heaven.
2	Al's is classic Chicago.  We went two days after they opened, and the sandwich was just OK.  I'm sure it'll get better as the staff gain experience.
4	As anther reviewer mentioned... its not the traditional Chicago Italian beef I'm used too. Its very peppery and I don't even notice the oregano. Was still good and had a great beef flavor... still waiting on portillos to open shop in vegas.
3	Decent Chicago Italian beef sandwich.   I got the "Big Al" with a drink and it cost me almost 12 bucks.   To me, not worth it especially when Buffet Asia is right next door.
3	The name carries a bit of weight so before I even glanced at a review I decided to make a special trip to the infamously famous Al's Beef.  I wasn't dissatisfied with the service, the store was packed for lunch always a healthy sign for a restaurant, but the soda machine counter was dirty with splashes of other peoples drinks on it, the tables were as well, not mad but cleanliness has to be a passion for a new restaurant in this town.  As for the food it was painful to read the reviews and know the history the name takes on and while I was sat there I expected a signature taste or combination with flavors, and I tasted nothing but dry vegetables, and bread.  The beef hot dogs were super tasty, I would be happy eating them anywhere from Chicago to Portland I was happy with the beef.  I gave it a 3 stars, I will definitely be seeing them again soon, cause its located in a wonderful business park.  By the way the fries weren't bad.
1	One of the great things about Italian Beef in Chicago is that it is quick, cheap, and delicious. Al's fails on all counts.At this location, a beef sandwich ran me just shy of $10. Good thing I didn't get sweet peppers.The girl delivering the food made a BFD about having the receipt, something the cashier didn't mention. So I had to track down my crumpled receipt from the garbage, and unfortunately, fishing through the garbage was probably the highlight of the trip.When I finally got my sandwich, the bread was still cold, despite being dipped. The beef lacked any real flavor, and the gardiniera were barely present, I didn't even taste them. Windy City beefs 'n' dogs makes a real italian beef, but it's a little pricey. Al's was just as pricey, but didn't have any of the real Chicago flavor.I originally thought it would be a good idea to go here just to make Portillo's jealous, and maybe they would come to town. After my first visit, I'm pretty sure it will backfire, like being with a girl so fugly that the girl you are trying to make jealous just rethinks what she saw in you in the first place.In conclusion, I'd rather drive to LA or Scottsdale to get some Portillo's than go to this place. I guess the days of Vegas having authentic Chicago Italian Beef are still a ways away.
4	Chalking this review up to a matter of convenience and location, I recently found myself on the West side of Sahara near the newly-opened Al's Beef and decided to give it a shot. A couple weeks ago a friend took me to Braddah's next door, and someone mentioned Al's after seeing my check-in. I don't think I would have bothered coming here, but after reading about the opening on Eater and then having it suggested by a reader I figured I might as well. Besides, a restaurant that has the word 'beef' in its name must serve a decent burger?The restaurant is located in an old 50's diner-looking building, with only some of that look carried inside as well. The space is incredibly loud between the blaring 50's music and one random TV in the dining room showing Dr Oz or some crap with the volume turned up way too high. The large expanse of metal ceiling tiles and hard tile floor certainly doesn't help quell any of this noise; and in fact it's so loud they really have to yell out the order numbers multiple times to customers to the point that it gets a bit annoying. There are a few tall stools and a bunch of two top tables very loosely placed throughout the dining area; there is really a lot of open space in here. The menu is stacked with all things meat: their award winning Italian beef sandwich, sausages, hot dogs, chicken sandwiches and quite a number of pre-designed burgers and fries. For those looking for something a bit lighter, they also offer many salads and wraps.As usual, I kept my order fairly simple so I could really sample the basic burger offering; the Drive-In cheese burger with cheddar, mustard, ketchup, shredded lettuce, tomato, mayo, red onion and Kosher pickles. As soon as I ordered my burger I saw a premade, frozen looking patty get pulled out of a drawer and dropped on the grill, and when I bit into it I confirmed that exact style. Maybe the 'beef' in Al's Beef refers more to their award winning sandwich. Still, the meat had really great char flavor even with its overly generic quality. Copious amounts of ketchup, mustard, onions and pickles made this actually pretty good. The bun was fresh, soft and very well proportioned to this very large burger. I recommend you keep it in the wrapping as it gets fairly messy. Overall it was a bit generic of a burger, but still quite good and I would even consider going back to try one of their more adventurous offerings.The fries were really good; natural cut with some crispy skin pieces, all cooked well. The portion you get with the small size was sufficient for the burger, but I would consider ordering the large next time just to eat more. This was all quite shocking for what I was expecting when I saw that patty, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I'm sure the quality of beef in the Italian sandwich and some other items might be a bit better, but for $11.72 with fries and a drink I wasn't too upset about this. That price point might be a little high as many like to keep their burgers well below the $10 mark, but for the overall size and decent quality of this, it's not so bad.
2	Food was good...but it was missing something....ah the beef.  An italian beef sandwich with lil  beef...SMDH.  Maybe it was my fault for going in on opening day and expecting the same consistency as the al beef in Chicago.  Yea, couldn't even see the beef unless I opened the sandwich.  Loaded fries were hella good though.   Might go back if I wanna eat light...lol
5	Friends told me to check out this place and so a few of my friends decided to come eat here!!! Place is so clean and the food is so good!!! Karla took such good care of us!!! I can't wait to tell all of my friends about this place!!!
3	I'm from Chicago, and when I heard about this place, I couldn't wait to try it. Ordered a beef/sausage combo with onions and hot peppers to go. Couldn't wait to get home to eat it. DISAPPOINTED !!!The flavor was great but there was hardly any beef, onions or peppers. Definitely not like the pictures on yelp or what I remember eating from the Al's in Chicago. I'm willing to give them another try and hopefully I will not be short changed.
3	The food was great, the service however, terrible. The girl that took my order was great. But as you move down the line to pick up your order, moral gets lower and lower. The girl that took my order asked me if it was my first time visiting them( which it was) and then threw some suggestions my way. I went with the "big al" and got it what they call "wet" with sweet peppers. The sandwich with a drink came up to almost $12. Not a big deal, but for that price, how about a side of fries? As I walk down the counter to the order pick-up, I noticed smiles turned to frowns and everyone had their heads down. This girl that handed me my order didn't make eye contact, just kinda slid my tray at me and said "enjoy". Now onto the dining area. You can tell the place still needs some work, but not a big deal. I personally would have made sure my store was 100% before opening, but that's just me. So to wrap this up:Food was expensive for what you actually get, but it was deliciousAppearance is a little rough. But nothing a little tlc can't fix. Service goes for good to terrible. Which for me is a big turn off considering Las Vegas is a service based town.
2	The Italian beef was OK... I do like their bread though. Giardinara could have been better. Service was good. I've had Al's in Chicago and it does not compare. There are better Chicago Italian beef joints in town. Little bit on the pricey  side too.
2	Being from Chicago and going to Southern California occasionally just for Portillos I couldn't wait for this place to open. Took my son and ordered 2 beefs (1 large, 1 regular), 2 fries and 2 drinks. $31.00, are you kidding me! On top of that the beef is a poor substitute for Portillos or alot of places for that matter. Greasy more than juicy. Please Portillos come here fast. I can't believe what I just paid for that garbage. Even my 15 year old boy said " did you really pay $31.00 Dad?". Fries were good but not worth $3.50 for a fair size order. Never going back.
2	We were excited to come try Al's Beef Italian sandwich but were not impressed. Menu was hard to read and food was below average with very little flavor.
4	Hello Italian beef aficionados...this is your Fatman reporting back on my Al's Beef Restaurant experience.I thought it was good! not great, but they are just getting here!My sandwich was the Big Al Italian beef sandwich with both sweet AND hot peppers that was dipped, dropped briefly bread and all, in their signature gravy.Verdict: DELICIOUS!The staff seemed somewhat discombobulated but there were pleasant folk there too.My sandwich was just how I remembered it in Chicago. flavorful, filling and MESSY!Beef and roll were very good. The peppers rocked.The girl at the counter seemed dumbfounded when I reiterated that I didn't want a drink or the fries but oh well.
3	I heard there was an Al's Italian Beef place that opened in Vegas, so I had to try it. I have not been to Chicago for a while, so I was looking forward to getting a real Italian Beef from Al's.I ordered the Italian Beef sandwich with sweet peppers, provolone cheese, and submerged in the beef gravy. It was just as I expected, very tasty. I did notice one thing different about the Vegas Al's. They barley put any beef on the sandwich. It was all bread, unlike the Chicago Al's. They need to make it just as they do in Chicago.The lady that had taken my order was very pleasant, as was the rest of the staff. The store looked to be very clean. I would recommend trying Al's, especially if you have never tried Al's Italian Beef.
5	Delicious! They do it just like it's done in Chicago....the Italian beef sandwich is really good- the beef is shaved and seasoned perfectly.  The Original Polish is served up with all the fixings on a steamed poppy seed bun. Perfection! I can't wait to bring my mom here.
5	Wow......... What a Sandwich !!!!! We Really needed a Place like Al's in Las Vegas for a long time. Thanks for bringing Chicago and East Coast Flavor and Style to Las Vegas. Highly Recommended. Two Thumbs Up
3	As you may have guessed, I am not Italian, nor am I from Chicago... having said that, I have been to Chicago & I do love a good Roast Beef sandwich with Giardineira. I was so excited to try Al's. I ordered the Dipped "Big Al" with extra Beef &  large Buffalo Bleu Fries. I was disappointed. The Big Al, even with extra beef, is not huge. The quality of the roast beef, is better than most bars, but cooked close to medium/well. The Buffalo Bleu Fries, were soggy & the flavors do not blend well together.... it tastes just like it sounds.... it is French Fries with Buffalo wing sauce & a thin Bleu Cheese dressing, poured randomly over them. They tasted like something a drunk bachelor or high school student would make..... not something to be sold at a real restaurant. On the good side, I loved the flavor of their home made Giardineira, spicy peppers & the staff was very helpful & friendly. My idea of a Italian Beef sandwich, is a fat, butter grilled roll, tons of medium rare Roast Beef, tasty Giardineira peppers & a big cup of Au Jus on the side. The Buffalo Bleu Fries could have been made better by just topping the Fries with a decent Buffalo Wing sauce & Bleu Cheese crumbles..... I also think they should use a higher fryer temperature, so the fries are crispy on the outside.Al's Chicago Italian Beef, is just a okay restaurant, not a great one. They have a huge menu & I have only tried those 2 items. I think, I will give them another chance after they have been opened longer.....because, a friendly staff goes a long way in my book.
4	If you are looking for a really good Italian beef sandwich, you will find it here. Hubby and I stopped here for dinner and left full and satisfied. The inside is clean and there are plenty of tables. The employees were friendly and went over some of the menu items with us. They have Italian sausage, wraps, char-grilled burgers, hot dogs, salads, chili, tamales and fries, but my first time I had to try what they are famous for.So, I ordered an "Italian Beef Sandwich" (regular Al) priced at $6.35 and added provolone and hot peppers for 50 cents each topping as well asked for the sandwich to be dipped. The bread really held up everything in it very well. Napkins are required when eating this sandwich dipped! The beef was tender and had good flavor and the peppers added a nice flavor to the sandwich. I also ordered a small "Cheddar Cheese Fries" priced at $3.85 and just thought they were average. Next time I am going to try them with different toppings. I liked that my food was made fresh in front of me. There isn't a drive-thru here, but if you are on a time crunch you can phone in your order for pick-up.
4	I come here probably 1-2 times a week and I don't think I'll ever get tired of it. The staff is very friendly and if there's a line it moves fast. As a Chicago native I know what an original Als beef taste like and you can definitely get that here but you gotta coach the person taking your order. If you want it like "home" you must tell them to "soak" your sandwich .....thank me later ;)
2	Ordered the Big Al Wet with Hot Peppers and Provolone Cheese.Cost was about $11.75 with a drink. The sandwich was made promptly, no problems orderingThe sandwich was barely warm, the cheese wasn't melted,the hot peppers weren't even close to being hot. The meat was tender and lean, but the Gravy and meat had little flavor. It might as well been made in warm water.There has got to be a better place for a  Italian beef sandwich than this place. I was very disappointed to say the least.
4	Went here over the past weekend all psyched to try a Chicago beef joint and hoping that the food was similar to what is found in Chicago. I was not disappointed! I got the regular Al dipped with the Provolone cheese and an order of fries and a drink. Total was around $12. The beef was sooooo flavorful and tender, you could really taste the spices! The bread was very good as well and not falling apart even though it was full of the gravy. The fries were so-so, I'm not sure what the hype is over them. They were more soggy-like than crispy, and they do fry them with the skins on. I'm so glad I finally found a place that does Chicago beef sandwiches right, as I've had more than my share of heartaches with these so-called wanna be Chicago style restaurants. I hope that expand and come over to Henderson!
2	If this were the only place in Vegas to get Italian Beef it would be ok. Meat was dry, even though I asked for wet. You should not have the option of cheese, and the "HOT" giardinera was not.   Won't go back. Windy City Dogs is much better.
5	I grew up knowing this sandwich as a french dip, but regardless of what Big Al calls it, it is amazing. The beef is incredibly seasoned and tasty and tender. The bun is out of this world. Apparently in Chicago, they're really into au jus -- poured all over it. Even totally dipped in it. For me, just ordering it "dry" was way juicy enough. Priced fairly too -- and a regular is LARGE. All in all a terrific sandwich. Service is top notch too. P.S. For those of you from L.A., you may know of Phillipe's, downtown by Union Station. Al's puts Phillipe's to shame.
1	Placed my order early & still had to wait Asked for a double dip on my beef & didn't get 1 - asked again while I was there but they don't know what they're doing so I get home & my whole beef was dry as a bone.Screwed my entire order up - asked for balsamic dressing got blue cheeseAsked for NO Parm cheese but still on there$30 for food I wouldn't feed to my dog?!Shame on you Al's!
1	All the authentic taste that a franchisee can offer!If you like soggy, limp, GREASY fries cooked in oil that is well under temperature, hot Giardinera that is barely mild, and dry beefs that still horribly dry even when "dipped", then Al's is for you!If you like great Chicago food, then go to Windy City. THIS is the best in Chicago? Bull. BULL. I simply cannot believe that anyone who adores this place has ever eaten in Chicago based in the food we ate.I've never been to Chicago. That's a good thing because if I did, I would be as big as a Superfan.  I absolutely love Chicago style food. Pizza, beefs, dogs, oh, and pizza. We try every Chicago oriented place that we can find.Three sandwiches, two large fries, and a drink: $35.Meh. That's all I can say. The "large" fries and the "large" cheddar fries were not the same size. They were limp and soggy. We didn't know how "dipped" they serve their sandwiches compared to other places, so I ordered two of them with gravy on the side and mine dipped.  (I don't care how soggy the bread gets, my wife and son do.) When she showed us the size of the gravy cup, I asked for another two because that wasn't nearly enough to replicate dipped at home.I was then invited to buy two more if I wanted more.Really? I just spent thirty five dollars on food, but that wasn't enough to warrant two extra cups of something that literally costs you nothing. There is no way that amount of au jus could make a dipped sandwich. I find it incredibly hard to believe that what I had last night would fly in Chicago and would be considered "the best in Chicago". It was good, not great. I can totally believe that everyone behind the counter had been to Chicago the same number of times that I have. To sum up, those people need to be retrained on how to cook fries and they need to appreciate the words that will keep the doors open: "customer service". The mom and pop places like Windy City Beefs and Dogs sure do.
5	Simply delicious!  I'll be eating there often.  The big Al, dipped with provolone and hot peppers.
4	Once again, my fellow lunch partners and I were looking for something different and then we came across this place. Staff was very helpful since it was a our first time. I had their beef sammie dry with hot peppers. They recommended to get it wet, but I am not a fan of soggy bread and the mess. Also tried their loaded fries and their bleu cheese fries. Loaded fries are pretty tasty,but I think I'm going to ask for them to go easy on the green onions. The Bleu Cheese Fries were pretty good,but I think next time, I may request some bacon bits on them. Bacon does make everything better. Overall, everything was good. However, one of my lunch buddies did order which seemed to take a while, not quite sure what the delay was since they were not busy when we arrived. This place is fairly new so I'm gonna give the staff the benefit of the doubt and that they're still learning the ropes. This location has had different food venues and I hope that Al's is here to stay.
2	I remember being blown away by the Al's Beef I had in Chicago.  This not so much.   Service was quick and friendly and I thought there was a fair amount of meat on the sandwich but there was nothing special about it.  I ordered it with everything and they skimped on the cheese.  I don't see myself going back any time soon.
3	The parking to this place is a bit funky since it's shared with China buffet. I ordered the regular I'll be in debt and it was good.. I drove across town for this place, I wouldn't make the drive again but if I was in the area I would definitely try their hot dogs next time.
4	Al's Beef has moved into the the silver diner (as I affectionately call it, the Cyndi Lauper Trailer) on the NE corner of Sahara and Rainbow. I was blown away by the menu. Not only do they have beef sandwiches, they also have burgers, chicken sandwiches, wraps, a variety of fries, salads, soup, chili (no bean) and TAMALES. Yes, tamales. Since this was my maiden voyage (and this place is literally in my back yard), I may have to give the tamales a go at a future visit.This is how Al's breaks down if you go with a beef sandwich: Dry. Wet. Dipped. What does it all mean? Thankfully, there is a huge board to the left of the register (and now this review) to explain it all to you. Dry means that it's just the cooked meat without the gravy to the bread (this option comes with a side of gravy). Gravy: yummy juices that drip off the meat, like an au jus. (Al's states: This ain't yo' mama's gravy! and it ain't.) Wet means that the beef goes from the gravy, straight to the bread. Dipped means, wet meat to the bread, then they dip that WHOLE sandwich into the gravy. Next up is cheese, which is a surcharge (trust me, it doesn't need it). Then, you can add on peppers: Homemade Sweet Peppers or Home Spicy Giadineria (also for a small up-charge).So, how did I order my Al's? I ordered a Regular Beef, DOUBLE-DIPPED with Spicy Peppers. Mama likes it extra soggy, fork & knife ready (still ate it with my fingers and probably used a whole tree's worth of napkins in the process). My mama got a Large Beef, Wet, with Sweet Peppers. The sandwiches were stuffed with meat (and double meat is an option - be legit hungry or plan to enjoy your sandwich a second time if you go that route) and the gravy was dynamite! Peppery, garlicky, not too salty perfection. So good! The meat was obviously moist, thinly sliced, and flavorful. They claim that this is one of the best sandwiches in America and it stacks up there, it's probably the second best beef sandwich I've had on the left (West) coast (2nd to Philippe the Original). East coast sammies, especially in New York and Philly are the business.Since it was our first visit we order their fries, another add claimed that they are among the Top 10 Fries in the nation. There is a difference is size between regular plain fries and their specialty fries. My mama made the mistake of ordering a LARGE loaded fry and they were big enough to share with three/four people easily. I ordered the Cheese fries. Best FRIES in all of Vegas! My cheese fries were fresh and fried to perfection! They don't go skimpy on the toppings. Every fry got some cheesy lovin'! My mama's fries were loaded with cheese, sour cream, bacon, and onions. Al's made for a perfect cheat meal! The staff was super friendly. We were greeted as soon as we walked through the doors, the staff explained the ordering process to every person in front of us with a smile, and we were thanked when our to-go order was ready. You can also order ahead of time via phone and they cater as well. Definitely a fan and will be back.
1	This place is as far from a Chicago Beef than I've seen here in Las Vegas. Starting out the beef here is packaged and shipped in from Arizona. When I asked one of the girls at the counter about the prepackaged beef she replied " even the Al's Beef in Chicago gets there beef from Arizona" hahaaa, are you kidding me?Shes obviously not from Chicago! If you're from Chicago or know Chicago beef sandwiches then you know the beef is cooked fresh daily. The next thing I was disappointed about was the ridiculous prices. I'm not paying over $11 for a beef sandwich. And finally the customer service, the girl at the ordering register was extremely nice and outgoing. The staff you receive your food from are absolutely miserable and unprofessional. In my opinion this place won't last, unless it is supported buy a bunch of people who like overpriced prepackaged beef sandwiches. Sad to hear the word Chicago affiliated with this place :(
2	The staff is terrific, the atmosphere is terrific, the location is terrific and the gentleman that keeps the dining room spiffy is terrific. Now the food is another story...I ordered the big Al 'wet', plain. It was drenched and so soggy the bread/roll was falling apart. My wife ordered the Chicago Dog. It came wrapped up in paper (like the sandwich) with the french fries..all together. Talk about a slop fest. Who does that? The fries were soggy and the hot dog bun was so smashed and soggy (from the fries) she threw the fries away and the bun.  She had the dog on a napkin for lunch. We had ordered a seperate order of fries and the were nice and crisp. The Pepsi was ok too. Bottom line....the beef tasted ok, the roll was trashed, the hot dog was ok, soggy bun - - trashed also the fries that were wrapped with the hot dog were trashed. The two stars are for the great staff and cleanliness of the dining room. There are better sandwich shops in town that are locally owned. Sorry Al.
5	Good stuff...first time there the staff was helpful and friendly....they made some great suggestions...the Al's big beef sandwich was just as the staff told me very good and tasty.....make sure you have plenty of napkins because it get messy in a good way.....yummmmPlenty of parking up front...
2	Had an out of town guest from Chicago that wanted to try this so off we went.  Shared parking lot with another restaurant and the place was not too crowded at lunch.  The presentation within the former diner was nice and the staff seemed helpful and pleasant (for a fast food joint).  The problem was my friend said the sandwich was no where near a true Italian beef like they have in Chicago.  I asked how it was supposed to taste but he couldn't describe it.I personally just didn't like the flavor.  It was slightly smokey but not in a good way like BBQ.  Hard to describe but just felt like it could use a different taste.  Otherwise the meet was tender.Maybe if I every were to go back I'll try the cheese fries that everyone else with higher reviews is showing.
2	I should preface this by saying that I have no idea what Italian beef in Chicago should taste like, my one trip there I was busy stuffing my face with Chicago dogs from Wiener's Circle and Geno's East. So...taking that into consideration this place was okay, not fantastic, and honestly a little disappointing. If you review their accolades on their website then this place should have  been phenomenal and by all means maybe it is... in Chicago. Much like the Salt Lick when they were here, I heard awesome things about Salt Lick in Texas but in Las Vegas not so much, and I am afraid it's the same story for this place. I ordered the double dipped roast beef, no cheese. It was soggy and yes that is what I expected and love - but instead of tasting like it was dipped in au jus it was more like it was dipped in 40% au jus and 60% grease - and for the price the portion size seemed a little small. I also got the house sweet peppers, and instantly wished I got the house peppers, there were about 3-4 bell pepper strips on the sandwich not quite what I expected and they didn't taste any different than if I bought some bell peppers at home, sauteed them and slapped them on a sandwich. As for the fries, best fries, again maybe in Chicago - but here they were okay but I wouldn't call them best fries, not even top ten best fries like they boast - they were normal fries, which is fine, but again my expectations were high which is probably the basis, in part, for the "meh" rating - because it was, well, "meh". Maybe if I had to go back I would try the Chicago dog as at least I have a point of reference as to what that should taste like.
5	Oh man these guys are the real deal.  I had a Big Al combo beef n sausage w/ hot peppers.  Heaven in every bite!  One of my new favorite places in Vegas!
3	Had this place bookmarked for a while after hearing other yelpers recommend in Yelp Talk. Came here for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. Exterior looks like one of those old style Diners. Inside, totally not what i expected. Yeah it still had the diner's look for the tables/seating but the kitchen area was re-vamped. In a way like a fast food kitchen, kind of, more like Capriotti's style kitchen ? Being a restaurant that was featured on food network? travel channel? ... of course i had to check out their specialty item. The "Award Winning Italian Beef". 3 different choices to pick. Regular Al, Big Al, or Al's Combo Beef and Sausage with options to add more meat to the regular or big Al's. Also the option to add homemade "Hot" or sweet peppers, provolone, cheddar, or american cheese at the cost of 45 cents EACH. I had read on yelp a little before hand and people recommended to have it dipped as well as add hot peppers. So thats what i did. Someone also had a tip to have it double dipped but i feared it may make it too soggy? so i opt'ed for dipped. XD My order came out pretty fast. Double-wrapped on a tray. I grabbed a decent amount of napkins because i knew it may get a bit messy because of the sandwich being dipped. For those who dont know what "dipped" means. Its when they dip the entire sandwich into au jus or similar, having the entire sandwich soaked in juice, including the bread ! After opening the wrap, it was pretty soaked. XD i dont want to imagine how double dipped would be like @_@ i tried eating the sandwich with it wrapped on the bottom but it was too much of a hassle. And went hands in =D (lol... )Juicy sandwich. Yes soaked bread. When i had ordered this sandwich, i didn't know they were putting a whole sausage vs sausage slices. Good and bad. Depends how you like it. Whole sausage takes up space which means not much beef. But if you like sausage, you get a whole sausage XD As i had mentioned before, i had added hot peppers. didn't really notice it much. yeah overall it was a little spicy (not sure if it was because of the peppers or the sauce/juice sandwich was dipped in) but it wasnt as spicy as i had hoped. i like spicy :D Overall, not a bad sandwich. May be a little small for the price in comparison to other places but you cant really compare this place to like subway or anything. its just different. Would prefer it maybe a little bigger, and have a little more beef in the beef and sausage combo. Service is good. There was a guy just going around collecting finished trays and cleaning up. Didn't expect that. +1 for him :D The bathroom is super cold ! LOL i know it doesnt have to do with anything but omg its like they have a separate unit for the bathroom XD
5	Wow! What a sandwich!  I've been wanting to try a Chicago style beef sandwich for a while now and Al's did not disappoint. Ordered the big al dipped, with giardiniera and a small chili cheese fries. The bread kept a good chew even with it being dipped in gravy. The beef was full of flavor and the giardiniera just put it over the top. The chili cheese fries were bomb! Will be back even though I live on the other side of town.
4	After teasing Andrew C about his experience with sausages here yesterday, Roger T and I had to check this place out to see the quality of the meat they were packing. I've been to and go to Chicago frequently, and wanted to compare Vegas Al's sandwiches to the likes of Portillo's, Johnnie's, and other spots I've had up in the Chi. After all, I went to school up in Illinois. Just like in Chicago everything is a la carte and there are no combo meals to be had here. I went with an Italian sausage, dipped w/ giardinera (50 cents extra), large cheese fries and a soda. The food came out pretty quickly and the sandwich and box of fries were a lot bigger than I had imagined (based on reading the reviews). My sandwich was nice and juicy with lots of giardinera, just how I like it. Maybe people in Vegas just have never had a dipped sandwich before because mine was perfectly soaked but not yet falling apart even when I was eating it. The giardinera had good flavor and a good kick. Just sucks that you have to pay extra...pretty sure they don't do that in Chicago! The cheese fries came in a box and it was way more than I could finish. I recommend going with small fries unless you're sharing them.Other than the extra charges for toppings, the pricing here was fairly reasonable, maybe a buck or so more than what they charge up in Chicago for beef and combo sandwiches...everything else seemed to be priced pretty similarly. I'll have to come back to try their beef and combo sandwiches and see if they are as stingy on the meat as the reviews are alleging. From what I saw on Roger's sandwich it seemed pretty reasonable but I could see them jipping you on the combo.While writing this review I realized Al's Beef is actually from Chicago although I've never been to one up there. I'll be up in the Chi again in July so maybe I'll look for one and compare it to Vegas.
1	Had beef sandwich.  They say it's #1. Where? Not chicago I should know I'm from Chicago.  They don't even cook their beef. The counter person said it comes frozen from food distributor! ! Really? Wtf. This was the worse Italian beef I had. Juice was all fat.  No flavor. Please learn how to cook yr own beef and sell a good product.  This is garbage what happened here?
5	Awesome food. Great friendly staff and service. I recommend everyone to check this place out at least once when they are near to this location. Had the Italian sausage with peppers and onions wet and cheddar cheese fries. Opens around 1030 but worth a look
4	Came here not because of advertising, not because of word of mouth, not because of a Yelp search, or even a drive by, I came here because of Andrew C's check in and the hilarity that followed because of his assessment of the sausage that was in his sandwich.So me and Brian P had to investigate why they put whole sausages instead of sliced ones in their sandwiches. We found out that slicing it was really not necessary. Brian P ordered the combo which had beef and sausage while I ordered just the beef. Sorry, after all the talk about sausages, I wanted to stay away from it. Lol.Ok, for you first time noobs, the way I see it, you only have one of three options. Forget about all the other things on the menu because if their namesake is not good enough for you then neither will any of those will either. Now, get the beef, sausage, or combo which has both. Then you pick one of three sizes. Little Al (4 inch), Regular Al (6 inch), and Big Al (8 inch). Now if you are not getting any sides, then go with the 8 inch. Order a small fries and the 6 inch you'll be very satisfied. Now if you order any of the specialty fries meaning several options with toppings, then you have better just get the 4 inch because those specialty fries are pretty much a meal in themselves.What I got was the Regualr Al (6 inch) with provolone, peppers, and onions plus a small fries. Now the sandwich only comes with beef. Anything you add costs 50 cents extra. Now I have been to Windy City Beefs off of Eastern and I dont remember them charging extra for peppers and onions so I thought this was kind of weird. Total came out to a little over 10 bucks and thats without a fountain drink.Next, you have to specify whether you want it dry, wet, or dipped. Dry is just that. No gravy or "au jus" which are the natural juices from the cooked meat. Wet, they actually dip the meat in au ju and throw it in the sandwich. For those that are really into it, get your sandwich dipped. Thats when they literally dip your whole sandwich in the sauce and the bread gets really soggy. It is recommended you eat it with a fork for trying to pick it up with your bare hands can get quite messy not to mention you looking silly trying to bite into a sandwich that is falling apart.Tastewise, it is comparable to several other places I have eaten at. I have tried it all three ways and looks like wet is my preference for I think you get just the right amount of beef juice without going overboard with the bread getting soggy to the point that its just one big gooey mess. I like to handle my sandwiches with my own two hands thank you very much.As for their location and service, they are kind of on the corner of Sahara and Rainbow right next to Buffet@Asia. Most of the parking is taken up by that buffet so you just might have to look for something further out sometimes. Service wise, I thought they were pretty friendly and handled my order in a timely manner.Overall, this place is tied with several other places that serve the same thing. It tasted pretty much the same and nothing really stood out. I know Adam Richman says these guys have the best beef sandwiches but to the average hard working American, I beg to differ. Once I find a place that blows away my comparisons, I will make sure to give Adam my two cents and also to you hard working Americans as well.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #124 "Sausage Party? No thanks! Lol"
5	Can I give them ten stars?  I would if I could. My husband and I have been here every single week since they opened. Sometimes he cheats and goes without me through the week and then tries to hide all evidence because he knows how much I love it!  Absolutely great customer service, very clean and OMG of course the food is the reason we come back over and over again. No matter what you order you will not be disappointed. We talk about how lucky we are to live so close to our favorite place to eat. They now recognize us and even know what I'm going to order and what I do want or don't want.
1	Yike! Disgusting food! Never again!
2	I ordered Chicago Polish there was a lot of hard grizzle.What you pay for beef you would think you would get more.Tamales were cold inside very disappointed This was our 2nd time there and must say the first was better.
1	Not the Chicago ALS I grew up on. Horrible service! Food was cold, hard buns, not worth it!! I'll stick to Windy City on Lake Mead!!
3	I recently moved to Vegas from Chicago in 2013. I live just up the road from Al's and was very excited when I saw that they were opened. Although the beef was very good, and almost comparable to "Chicago" beef, they did not have any mozzarella. That's the one main thing that I love on my Chicago style beef. The girl who look my order even looked at me like "I" was the crazy one. How the heck to you open a Chicago Beef and not have the mozzarella!?!?!?
3	Today was my fourth visit and probably my last visit. I was extremely happy the first time because I'm from Chicago and grew up on Al's on (Taylor). Anyway, the food was delicious. I think I even wrote a good review the first time I came here. However the second time I went I was disappointed the beef was luke warm and fries were kinda salty but still had great flavor. Third visit went the same way, so I thought to myself maybe I'm going to often and my taste buds are getting use to the food. Well today I went after about 2 months and it was the same type of food but worse. The meat was cold, the fries well I'll just say I had fries with my salt, it was ridiculous. I got upset because it's pretty pricey. I don't want to ruin what I grew up on so I'll wait to go to a Chicago to have Al's on Taylor. I gave it 3 stars because the staff is always nice, the cashier remembered me big plus because I love great customer service. The restaurant is always clean and the flavor of the beef was good. I suggest getting a different warmer for the beef and tell your staff easy with the salt.
5	So glad to find Al's in Las Vegas! Great service. Best. Sandwich. Ever. Order it dipped. Original Al's can be proud of this location!
5	My fourth time visiting and I can honestly say I have yet to have a bad experience or meal here. I get my usual, a regular Al dipped with provolone cheese and a tamale, and the beef sandwich is ALWAYS juicy, warm, and flavorful. Did I mention how much meat they pack in the sandwich??? I can only imagine how much is in a"Big Al"... LOLOL. The only downside to this establishment is that it's not closer to where I live...
5	Took my wife there after we found the star and being chicago natives we love Portillos and Jonathan's juniors and wanted to see and compare to what's available here locally which is great to find local Chicago food rated R nine out of ten couldn't see being charged for sweet peppers on a beef sandwich I should come natural Arnette found it to be a while welcoming surprise also have a Maxwell Street polish found it to be tasteful with french fries. Fairly decent prices. We are looking forward to going back probably on a weekly basis.
4	Great and quick service, the fries and sandwich were delicious! I've never been to Chicago, but I've had Portillo's in California and I think this is just as good, if not better!
2	When I first visited Al's during their opening week, I was deliciously impressed because their Italian Beef was better thanthe one I had in Chicago.  The taste popped in your mouth and the beef was tender fresh and delicious.  Unfortunately a lot seems to have changed since then.  The last time I went about a week ago I was very disappointed.  The beef tasted old, bitter and had fat and gristle.  The flavors were flat as if someone had forgotten to stir the pot and the Giordano peppers were limp, oily and flavorless.  The best part of the meal was the fries and they were sub par. Very disappointing.  What happened to the quality of food they once served?  I wish the owners would come back and fix things.
5	Largely through Yelp friends and print media, I had heard good things about this place.  When I could no longer hold back the craving for a fine beef sandwich, I ventured out to find out for myself, with Diane in tow.  What I experienced here was heartening and confirmed all the good remarks that had aroused my curiosity and stimulated my taste buds.  I found that besides featuring world class beef sandwiches, Al's also serves up a great Chicago Dog that holds its own against all competitors.  Its variety boasts Yellow Mustard, chopped White Onion, emerald green relish, sliced tomato, a Kosher Dill Pickle spear, two Green Sport Peppers that squirt warm juice, and even a few fries wedged inside a soft Poppy Seed Bun.  Delicious!Fine Fresh Cut Homemade French Fries were very skin on and elongated in shape.  And an order of Loaded Fries contained a scary large portion of fries, pieces of bacon, Green Onions, and an abundance of great yummy Cheddar Cheese Sauce that closely resembled Cheese Whiz.  A Cheese Dog enjoyed by Diane was bathed in the same tasty sauce that overlaid her wiener in thick viscous ripples.  But the best was saved for last!  A Regular Al Italian Beef Sandwich with partially melted Provolone Cheese and soft and truly Sweet Green Bell Peppers on a very pliable bun that had been fully dipped (almost soaked) in a savory gravy was exceptionally filling and satisfying.  Flavors just burst in the mouth from the perfectly seasoned beef and harmonizing ingredients.        The commodious dining room was bright and airy, and cushioned seats with seat backs were comfortable.  Service was both friendly and helpful.  A tray of plastic utensils was quickly replenished with forks when I reported that none were present.  And, although Diane thought the room was too cold, I welcomed the air conditioning on a hot Las Vegas summer night.  10% off the bill for a Yelp check in was warmly received by me, as well.I expect that I shall return here often!
5	We order here all the time at work. Sometimes it takes us a little longer to get there and the little old lady always makes the order over because the food has gotten cold and always has a smile on her face! I go just because of her!
1	Won't go back. First week = awesome. Now = Worst service ever! The beefs aren't any good either! Guys!!!! What happened??? This is NOT the Chicago way!!!!!
5	Love this place. The food is great. The staff is great. A ton of stuff to choose from. Can't go wrong here.
1	Well as a Chicago native who was raised on Johnnies, Connie's, Carm's and Al's I was looking forward to a true Chicago combo with hot I was extremely disappointed with the combo. Call me picky but you cannot replicate the original beef stands in Chicago. It took me 20 min to get my combo, at Johnnies it would've been in 30 seconds. Needless to say the only thing I'd get here are the hot dogs and fries. They may have Chicago signs and the name but it's far from home. Buyer beware!!
3	Normally I give restaurants awhile after they open up before I try them.  However, I was so excited when I heard Al's was opening up in Las Vegas, I had to go there.  I'd eaten at one in Chicago, where they are based, and it was great.  So, the week they opened, I went and ate there.  It tasted very different, like it was missing something.  I had the Italian Beef completely wet with sweet peppers.  It was good, but didn't taste anything like the Al's I had in Chicago.  However, the fries with blue cheese on them were outstanding!  I need to pay them another visit to see if they got the kinks worked out on the taste of the Italian Beef.  The service was good and it was very clean in there.  It's a little pricey and the parking is ok at best.
5	Went to this location on a Friday evening. Shanice was so helpful and hooked it up! I had the combo, Italian beef and sausage. Man, it was so good! Big and beefy, very satisfying. I will absolutely be back!
4	The food was really good! The staff was GREAT! Everyone said Hello, all smiles...and it was less than 15 minutes before closing.  NOT the norm for Las Vegas. The restaurant was spotless.
4	Had the chipotle chicken sand with fries and my hubby had combo beef and sausage....ALL GOOD!!!
4	A lot of people come here for the Italian beef sandwiches. I come for the polish sausage. I did try a Italian beef with peppers and without and it is a damn good sandwich. The sandwich was dipped in au jus and the beef was tender. I liked it with the spicy peppers better. The sausages here are cooked just right. Great flavor and the grilled onions were a great addition to it. The fries didn't look appetizing when I first saw them but they taste really good! One disappointing and even laughable thing was the tamale I ordered. It's straight up microwaved!!! It was even given to me still in the plastic wrapper. Fail. It looked wrong and tasted like garbage. Good thing the Italian beef, polish sausage, and fries are worth coming back for because the tamale sure isn't.
4	I went 5:30 PM on Wednesday July 30, 2014. I had the number 1 Al's Beef with fries and a drink. I have heard mixed reviews and was glad to find out for myself. I really am not a huge beef eater these days but wanted to try their specialty. I was sold I thought the portions was really good for the price, everything was warm and tasty and you can refill your drink as much as you like. My # 1 was right at $10 with tax. My friend had a salad and gave it rave reviews it was both good and filling. In fact they took a good portion home. Its a casual place with a friendly staff and the lady at the register is so motherly with her smile how can I not come back? They have quite a few things I want to try! The fries were excellent and somebody who did not order their own kept reaching for mine and there were plenty.. So stop by and say hello to Mom..
5	OH - EM - GEE! Delicious. Shared the italian beef (8 inch) drenched in gravy combo meal and the Chicago Polish. It was randomly guest appreciation and we got our small fries upgraded to a large for free. Friendly service. Wide variety of menu items.Italian beef- super flavorful meat, bread is soft and delicious and you HAVE to get the whole sandwich drenched in the gravy (that is half the fun)!Chicago Polish - also a tasty treat and the polish was juicy. Also came with small fries inside the wrapper.Fries - just the right amount of salt and you can taste the homemade T.L.C. That went into making them!  They are the kind of fries that would go great with malt vinegar.
4	Much improved beef sandwich from my last visit.  Still prefer Windy City but I would stop here if I was in the neighborhood
1	They have great Chili Dog's ; However Customers should check their receipts  when ordering as there were several times they made errors in ringing up orders and time consuming when redoing and redoing.  Poor customer service when this was brought to their attention.  No refund for over charging  and employees screwing around whe trying to figure out how to just price and ring an order.ONE STAR for poor customer service and in trying to even talk to a manager.
2	What a disappointment tonight was, in the last three months, we have been to "Al's Beef" at least 15 times, according to my punched card, with tonight new card has 6. Being a 30 year native of Chicago,  we just got back from a 2 week stay, we wanted to enjoy that beefy taste, and boy were we surprised,  8/15/2014 ticket # 127 at 4:27pm. We ordered a Big Al's Beef dipped w/peppers (cut in half), sml fries and soda. Got our order, opened it up and, What a disappointment,  the sandwich was at least 1/3 smaller than all our previous visit and dry/dry for dipped?. I took this matter up with John (Mgr) he claims that shipment of buns received were smaller than normal, than after bout 5 minutes,  he came to our table to say "sorry" again and gave us a token chip for a free fries on next visit. I wasn't after to resolve issue today on my next visit, I also don't believe a business should start cutting portion size to make higher profits, now that they have me on a customers repetitive purchasing plan, I had believed that for the $8 charged for portion size was good before.  Don't think we'll go back there, and after we sent 4 different families there to enjoy as we had!!!
5	Got the Regular Al, hot peppers, provolone, dipped.  My tastebuds were doing the truffle shuffle!
5	Just as good as Chicago 's Al's Beef.  I get the beef w/ hot peppers double dipped, which means they soak the whole sandwich it in the juice. So good, I think I'll be going about once a week.
5	Special thanks to Nathaniel for making today Al's Beef experience enjoyable and the best of Las Vegas.  You guys do such a wonderful great job the beef is the best, you don't miss chicago with food like this here.
3	I got a beef with sweet peppers and provalone, wet style. I also got fries. The fries were sadly the best part of the meal. While i must say that the service was superb and very friendly, the sammy was flavorless and soggy. I know how to order these, and it was too soggy. Idk that I will set out to come here again, but if someone wanted to eat here, I could live with it
3	Not as good as the one I used to go to on Taylor Street in Chicago. Maybe they need to import Chicago water. The service is painfully slow. The guy ordering in front of me only ordered a couple of simple items with no customization, but the cashier spent quite a while, maybe 5 minutes to complete the order.
1	Raised in Chicago area with Italian friends that covered the bed with ravioli for one of the six courses. Real Italians did this! :- ) That said, this was one of the WORST beef sandwiches I ever had. Asked double dipped - came dry. Beef was cold! Had to seek out the Giardinera. Blue cheese fries were cold. Now for the bad part! :- ) The juice had a peppery taste. I thought maybe Al's in Chicago had a different taste. Girl next to us had been to Al's in Chicago before. She said this was not his. None of the 8 people we talked to would come back. Windy City and Aurelio's Pizza are the best in town. I gave it one star as a stretch.
5	Finally get me sum Al's Beef....I luv this place. ...last time I had Al's was a couple a years ago when I use to travel to Chicago ....it's one of my favorite place to eat ..I'm from L.A. but working out here in Vegas ...but there dogs are good & there Big Al is awesome especially dipped style...yummy...it's a must to come here. ..
3	Ordered a Big Al combo with sweet peppers and provolone and made it a combo with fries and drink.  $14.The place was clean, the service was prompt, the food?  Mediocre.  The sandwich, which was expected to be the star was simply lackluster but the fries were tasty.  I would probably not come again as I feel for the price I could do much better at other nearby places
3	My MIL and I drive by this spot quite a bit and one day we were hungry and trying to find something to eat, she suggested we try someone new and go here. I have had Italian beef sandwiches before, but it's been a long time. I decided to do a italian beef with cheese and hot giardinera (extra) combo which came with a fountain drink and a small fry. I ordered my sandwich "dry" with the "gravy" (au jus) on the side and for a sammie that was supposed to not be dipped in the beef jus, it came fairly wet that as I was unraveling the paper, it was dripping. It made it messy to eat. I wish there was a paper plate option. The flavor of the beef and giardinera was good though. I would skip adding cheese next time as it was a thin layer that didn't add any thing to it at all. My MIL got a combo as well, but with Italian sausage and sweet peppers. She liked this. The sweet pepper was more like a roasted pepper so I may get a sandwich one of these days with both. The fries are one of  my favorite kinds - natural cut with skin on. Whats unfortunate is they didn't fry it hot enough and it was just tasting of fryer oil as it sucked it up. My MIL ordered cheese fries but they didn't give her that as the order was entered wrong for another small fry. I love fries and never really leave any behind, but we tossed a majority of ours away. I might try it again as my MIL likes American food and we pass this often. Hopefully the fries would be better next time and they can keep a dry sandwich dry.
4	I got 2 Beefs.  I got one double dipped with sweet peppers and 1 double dipped with sweet and hot peppers.  The one with just sweet peppers was kind of bland but the one with Giardinare was very flavorful. It seems to me that the Giardinare has all the flavor and if the gravy had a little bit of that flavor they will be much better.I've had Italian beefs in Chicago at Johnny's and a few other places and nothing tops Johnny's to me, but this beef with hot peppers came close.
3	This is closer to a 3.5 star review, but my stomach was NOT happy with Al's Beef after the fact (no food poisoning or anything, it just didn't sit well with me), so I'm making it a 3 star.Big Al's looks like an old-school diner, situated on Sahara, near Rainbow Blvd. You place your order at the counter. Making a decision can be a bit overwhelming, but luckily, they have clear descriptions of the different varieties of beef sandwiches.I ordered a regular beef sandwich, wet, with sweet peppers and provolone cheese. I was very impressed that the bread didn't fall apart, but be warned- this isn't a neat meal! With a drink, it cost just over $10. The beef wasn't as juicy or tender as I expected, and I really couldn't taste the cheese, but it was filling. The service was friendly, and the restaurant was clean. I'm glad I checked Al's off my list of places to check out, but I won't be making a special effort to return... My poor tummy couldn't take it!
1	The worst beef ever! This is the Mcbeef of Italian beef sandwiches I now need jack on the box to get the taste out of my mouth I'm joking about jack on the box but it's a terrible sandwich
5	The Italian beef sandwiches were just like the ones i got back in Chicago!  So good!  You've got to get it wet with peppers and cheese!  Its just what we needed after a long night of drinking perfect hang over food!
4	One thing I will never forget about my childhood, is how I seemed to be the only Vegas kid from Chicago. Teachers would go around asking students where they were born. California, Utah and Arizona seemed to be the most common answers, followed by Hawaii, Mississippi and Louisiana, and coming in third place was foreign countries (particularly Mexico and the Philippines). I was always the unicorn in these scenarios, I even remember a couple of times where students would look at me like "Chicago? What's that?" Nowadays, I seem to run into people from Chicago EVERYWHERE around this city. It kinda warms my heart up inside. Okay, I know everyone is wondering what I was getting at with all of that. Well, a large community of migrants inevitably leads to them bringing the culture of their former locale with them. For many years now, a wide variety of Chicago-related businesses have been popping up all over the place, mostly food related. Just a year or two ago Garrett's Popcorn opened up a location here, and there was even a location of Harold's Chicken a while back (which has since closed) and now, we have Al's.One thing I would always anticipate whenever a family member came back from a visit to Chicago (they rarely ever took me, but that's a different story entirely) was an Italian Beef from Al's. In all it's dripping wet, sweet and spicy glory. And while I have found good replications of Chicago style pizza, hot dogs and popcorn all around Vegas, I've had yet to find a good replication of an Italian Beef. As much as people praise Amore, I was disappointed with their version of it. Too dry and not even close to enough beef. Chicago Brewing Co. doesn't even have it last I checked. I had figured it was time to give up, until Al's opened. It's in a building that's had many past lives (once upon a time it was a 50s style diner, and before Al's it was the Bollywood Grill, which holds the distinction as the first place I've ever had Indian food). The ambiance is bright, airy and with a lot of space (which is more than one can say for the original Al's Beef in Chicago) and Chicago sports memorabilia all over the walls. The prices may be steep to some, but with the way the meal fills you up, it's totally worth it. I got a combo sandwich with italian sausage, provolone cheese and sweet and hot peppers. With a fries and a drink, it came out to be $11.00. Now, I was a bit confused with the "Dry, Regular, Wet or Dipped" thing. The last time I went to Chicago, all I remember was them asking me if I wanted it dry or dipped. Apparently, Dry means no juice at all (which is blasphemy), Regular means a little juice (must be for cowards), Wet means a lot of juice and Dipped means dipped in the gravy. I decided to just go on ahead and get mine Dipped. My mother on the other hand got hers wet. Upon receiving the sandwiches, we realized they both had the same amount of gravy. Makes the distinction seem even more pointless.Now me personally, I LOVED the sandwich. It was just like how I remembered it. And the excess gravy went great with the fries. As for my mom, while she still enjoyed it, she kept on talking about how something was "off" about it. I personally didn't comprehend what she meant, but then again I didn't grow up down the street from the original Al's Beef like she did so what do I know?The Final VerdictPros:Delicious, filling and flavorful sandwich.Friendly service.Brings a little slice of "home" closer to homeCons:Confusing designation on the level of gravyCould possibly be underwhelming to those who were born and raised in the Chi (I was just born there so I guess that could be why I don't entirely see where they're coming from)Return Factor: 10/10. I'm always down for a good Italian Beef.
1	The au jus that comes on the side or that your sandwich is dipped in, has pork in it.  This place should be shut down.  A good friend of mine got violently ill for three days, may have been trichinosis.  If you have beef in your name, you should have beef available, no questions asked.
3	Being an old time Chicagoan I consider myself to be a bit of an Italian Beef connoisseur so this place was a bit of a disappointment. They have signs indicating they were voted the best for years and I can only image the poll was taken at a family gathering. While the sandwich was okay it certainly was nothing special and the fact an order of fries is almost as much as the sandwich makes this place just an over priced fast food stop. There are plenty of Chicago joints in town that have a good to very good beef sandwich and this is not one of them. If your driving past and are hungry this should fill you up and not kill you, but don't believe the hype about it being a best of anything, just another chain trying to fill a niche and in this case perhaps they have stepped out of their comfort zone.
