5	Great sauces..
5	Great wings & excellent customer service...very accomodating to your needs...
5	Move over WingStop, Buffalo Wild Wings, and all other competitors! These are the best wings I have ever had. Hands down.Having first heard of this place from a friend of mine, I knew I had to try it. 40 flavors of wings? Are you kidding me? That's insane! I've never had SO MANY to choose from. And being an extremely picky eater this was good news to me.Walking into the internet cafe that this gem of a place is hidden away in, I was surprised. Having expected Wing King to have it's own building. But that is beside the point, don't let the fact that it's in a food court fool you. This place is phenomenal!The owner, Brian, is one of the nicest guys I have ever met. He let us take our time with the menu, and even offered some suggestions. For my first time I went with a six-piece of "Hot Chili Lime" flavored wings, and an order of fried pickles. Oh, did I mention the fried pickles? They're perfect! (This place really had me at the fried pickles) ANYWAYS, the food was a very good price. Just about $4.50 for a six-piece order of wings (plus ranch and celery) and $1.49 for a basket of pickles. Being a college student who loves wings and is on a budget, I was estatic to see those prices. Now, those wings. Hot Chili Lime is something I knew I would love, I was very right. Tangy and spicy, and just delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about them!Since my first time, I've been back several. And have had a different flavor of wings (almost) every time. Along with their french fries, jalapeno bombers, red velvet cake, peach cobbler, and cookies! With so much to choose from, you really can have it your way (sorry, burger king!) when you come to Wing King.I'm a pretty regular customer here, and don't plan on ending that anytime soon.So to sum it all up, this place is great! If you want great food, with great service, definitely stop by Wing King. (Did I mention it's great?)
5	Pretty sure Wing Stop, B-Dubs and all the other wing places didnt hear Tawni B's word of warning to move over because i'm damn sure the Wing King just trampled them and left what ever remained in the dust.Got curious after running into a business owning buddy who was having lunch here and decided to give Wing King a try. I was already commited on hitting up Kaba Curry for a meal but there was space for wings. there's ALWAYS space for wings. Talked to Brian (Owner? Chef? Wing Saint?) and i asked for his suggest for something not spicy but good. He suggested the Garlic Parmesan and was just thinking about the Garlic Parmesan. Wings took a minute to arrive, I was already a few spoonfuls into my Kaba Curry box when they finally arrived. First impression was wow those are some big chunks of grated Parmesan. The initial bite was VERY impressive. Garlicy but not breathe inducing with a very rich Parmesan taste. The flaps of skin you get from wings were nice and crispy while the meaty bits were tender and still a bit juicy. If you dont eat the cartilage from the joints then move on. If you do. the drumlet  cartilage wasnt too hard to pull off the bone and actually held on to some seasoning pretty good.They got over 40 flavors, 17 of them i'm not going to even touch because i dont handle spicy too well. The rest is gonna be one of those 'the reward isnt at the destination but the journey itself''  type of situations.
5	The wings are DELICIOUS and I've loved every flavor I tried!  My favorites include Apple BBQ, and Jamaican Jerk BBQ~  The desserts are especially delicious, and I was surprised to find out he made everything, even down to the dipping sauces, by hand~  I'm a regular and I'm here every week~The service is good and the owner is super friendly~If you want some of the best wings, come to Wing King!
4	Recommended to this place by Tien. Ordered the Sweet Chili wings. Good sized wings, and a good price. They were crisp and pretty tasty. I think for their sauce they used the Mae Ploy sweet chili sauce. The celery sticks were good. This is located in the same mini-mall as Manna Korean restaurant and Kaba Curry. Nice place to go for an affordable meal in an informal setting.
5	WING LOVERS, YOUR SEARCH FOR DELICIOUS WINGS ARE OVER!Just like you I was reading the reviews, (mainly Tawni and Tien's), I was compelled to check this place out.So as I park and get out of my car, I see a big sign that says this place is an internet cafe. Huh? Am I at the wrong place? Then I remembered from the reviews that the whole place is a food court. I walk up to the Wing King counter and Brian, the owner, was still getting ready. He sees me and politely asks if he can help me. I said excitedly "WINGS, IM HERE FOR THE WINGS!" So he takes my order and I sit down with my mouth watering to wait for my first bite. So while im waiting, I tell Brian Yelp is what brought me here. Never mind the fact that I dont mind going to new places to try out wings, if it wasnt for Yelp, you would not be reading this review.Ok so for the wings. There are 40 flavors. Yes. 40. I had garlic parmesan and garlic hot. Ok, so I love garlic. Dont judge me! Especially if you are a vampire! The wings were a little bit bigger than your average size. Brian asked if I liked it extra crispy. Hell yes I do! So after I devoured my wings, things like hole in the wall and a 5 star review was already embedded in my head. From my last conversation with Brian, he is already coming up with even more sauces like mango slam and honey mustard slam. This guy works his butt off to keep you coming back and I for one am one of them!I also ordered garlic parmesan fries and fried pickles. YES, I SAID FRIED PICKLES! Both were off the hook and Brian also let me sample some sweet chili glazed fries. OMG it was some of the best fries I have had in a long time. Please refer to the amazing pics on here and your mouth will be watering. I guarantee it!As I was finishing up, Brian just happen to serve me a peach cobbler fresh out of the oven as a token of appreciation. DAMN! If I knew he was gonna do that, I wouldnt of ate so many wings! I could only finish half of it. Speaking of the peach cobbler, man this guy has some great desserts as well. I have tried the red velvet cake and the cookies. A special mention goes out to his rum cake as well. This is not a usual and its not on the menu but he made it for a customer one time so he decided to make two. One for the customer and one for whoever was lucky enough that day to be there when he put it out. Yes, I was there and boy oh boy it was awesome! If I ate any more I would need a cab to get home! Im sure he can specially make it for you if you let him know ahead of time so he can do his magic. That is the advantage of baking your own desserts! You can taste the freshness for sure! Oh, before I forget, Brian tells me he is in the process of bringing in Bluebelle Ice Cream. For those that dont know, that's only something that you only see on the east coast. So that alone should warrant a trip here.If you are wondering, yes there is a really, really spicy hot wing challenge. The flavor is called Hell. No explanation necessary here. All I know is that I need to bring my friends that think they can pass this challenge here soon. Im also hoping we can make a Yelp event out of this. (Hi Misti! LOL)So now after reading this you should be compelled to check this place out just like me. For complete info on their 40 flavors and other items, go to their website: www.wingkinglv.com
5	Great wings! Try the Jamaican Sweet Chili and red velvet cake!
5	i remember my employees telling me about this wing place weeks before i actually went. when i went with one of my employees i met brian the owner. really down to earth guy. i ordered some wings, i think they were under 5 bucks for 6 wings? i might be wrong. theres a huge list of all kinds of flavors. more than buffalo wild wings. they were really good. cooked just right and not dried out. im not a wing expert but i enjoyed them much more than bww's. he gave us a small sample of pie. gat dayum! thats some good pie. my employee had some fried pickles and she let me try some. very nice. =) whenever im in the mood for wings i usually go here. of the many times ive already been here i saw a guy do the hot wing challenge. he looked pretty messed up and i dont think he finished.
5	Thanks to Tien for introducing us to this place. I would've never known about this place. Always in search of good wings, and to find great French fries in the same search is phenomenal. The owners are from Louisiana so they know good food and are friendly as well. We got to sample some of their Slam sauces, Sweet Chili fries, garlic Parmesan fries, fried pickle chips and peach cobbler. We ended up ordering some Jerk Slam wings. Nice size wings, cooked perfectly and the price is great. They don't skimp on the sauce either. I can't wait to go back and try more of their many flavor wings and fries.
5	Although I had bookmarked this place, I didn't realize it would be in the same building as Kaba Curry, so finding it when I attended my first Elite event was a double bonus of amazing flavors in one night! The gentlemen behind the counter were very welcoming and attentive, and were nice enough to treat us to some of their chill and parmesan fries (amazing, btw), which was enough to get me curious about their wings.Once I decided to get a few wings to try I approached the counter and asked the million dollar question: "what is your best seller?" I thought I would get a standard pitch for some random flavor, but the owner (I didn't catch his name) let me sample different sauces and even tweaked one of the sauce recipes just for me! I will undoubtedly come back to get some of the dry-rubbed wings which, if they are as amazing as the jamaican jerk ones, should be pretty amazing.Thanks guys for your great service and awesome wings. You just became my favorite wing spot in town!
5	Ok so you if you dont know i'm biased toward Wing King because i believe excellence should be rewarded and not ignored. The NEW Campus Commons is possibly THE best kept secret in the general area due to it's impressive gathering of several individual eateries with their own unique flavors as well as a community vibe. Yes i know Brian the owner. The other guy behind the counter is Brandon his brother that holds down the shop when Brian is out doing other stuff. I've eaten here a few times and i've passed them up a few times and i'd like to share why i keep on coming back.The FlavorsNow if you think there's 40 flavors as advertised you're wrong. The count i'd estimate now would be around 60 flavors with a lot more in the works. A unique thing about Brian is the gears inside his head are always turning and cranking out new flavors. The latest set of flavors (new during this re-review) all contain contain the word 'Slam' in them because he 'Slammed' them together that afternoon.So far my all time favorite flavor are any of the Jamacian Jerk flavors. Standard is quite balanced with a layer upon layer of different flavors starting from some sweetness then some tangy savory, then herbal, then aromatics, and finally a steady rising heat from spicy.  The Apple Jerk is a bit sweeter but the latest being the Jamacian Slam is my new favorite with it's cinnamon notesThe Option to Taste and Pick What You WantLets say you're torn between a few flavors or want to give a taste of what new. Ask Brian or Brandon to try out the sauce. Time after time they've shown remarkable patience and a willingness to grab the sauce bottles and give you a taste as well as explain to you the origins of the sauce and it's various other similar flavors or new flavors that have emerged from that once sauce.Tweek the FlavorLets say you choose a flavor but it's a bit spicier then you expected. This happens to me on a few occasions. I dont handle spicy all too well so i asked to cut the spicy by a third. They did it and it came out perfect. It's too spicy for you or not spicy enough? Ask them to crank it up or tweek it down. All sauces are made in house so they'd be more then willing to accommode you. The FriesTo be honest i love the regular fries. It's a mixture of the Seasoned dry rub flavor and a bit of the Cajun dry rub flavor but to me it's perfect for fries. Their fries dont come out of a plastic bag that's been frozen for a while. You are eating real washed skin on potatos and you can tell they are too, no two fries are the same and they all taste good. A new option is available to season your fries in different flavors as well. Garlic Parm is a huge hit among the masses as well as Sweet Chili. Be warned as these are better dine in then to go as the fries get soggy if you dont eat them fast enough.There's Always Room for DessertDesserts are also all home made and made in house. The usual lineup of desserts include a Red Velvet cake, their Too Much Chocolate cake, chocolate cookies, and everyone's favorite: the Peach Cobbler. If you're lucky there will be something different. I struck gold on two occasions when there was a soaked Rum cake available one day and a few weeks later a German Chocolate cake with the coconut cream center.Bottom line. If you're hungry and in the mood for a whole lot of flavors that wont leave you broke till next week. Wing King is the place to check out. If you're on a diet and dont think you should be eating wings or desserts, come anyway. Pretty sure Brian can season a basket of celery sticks for ya.
5	These were the the best wings I've ever had!!!!  These guys are for real.  I've had wings everywhere throughout the United States and these are the best I've ever had.  We had 18 wings (Jamaican Sweet Chile and Jamaican Jerk Hot), pickle chips, and 2 different orders of fries (Sweet Chili and Cajun) and I could have eaten more.  I cant wait to try all they're other sauces as well.  I suspect you might be seeing these guys on Man vs. Food or Divers Drive in and Dives soon -- its really that good.  They should definately consider bottling they're awesome, original, and homemade sauces.  The owners and operators are super cool and will take good care of you!!!!!!!
5	Is it okay if I write a review for just the peach cobbler?Because that's what this review is about.THIS IS THE BEST PEACH COBBLER IN TOWN, HANDS DOWN. I love treats. I'm all about dessert missions. I will drive the extra mile(s) for a Spectacular Melting Smores Sundae, chocolate fondue, and to continue my search for the best creme brulee in Vegas. I have also done this for the peach cobbler at Wing King. I live off of Horizon and 95. Deep in depths of old Henderson. Google maps says Wing King is 35 minutes away from my house. While I have not done an official Wing King Peach Cobbler mission, the last times I have been there, I try to stock up.IT'S THAT SERIOUS. IF YOU WANT PEACH COBBLER FOR DESSERT, BUY IT HERE. One day i'll get wings.
5	Uhhhhh, is this Heaven? No, it's Wing King. These were some super tasty wings. I'm swearing off meat and dairy come Jan. 1 (if I put it in a Yelp review, it has to be true, right?) so I'm going on a heyday in preparation. I had the honey mustard slam wings with some kind of sweet chili fries. I made sure to get the wings boneless (a.k.a. chicken nuggets slathered in sauce) so that I could snarf them on the way home. Don't worry, I created a bib and everything in case the delicious sauces should drip on my clothes. (In case you were wondering, I didn't need the bib because I'm just that good at eating.)I literally inhaled the wings, though I can't imagine I'll be back anytime soon (both distance and the no meat/dairy prevent me from coming back) so I'm going to just recommend that you all go in my place. Go! Try the sauces! Eat them all! Oh and don't forget about dessert--fresh baked pie and cobbler and cake and a myriad other things. Love you, Wing King. Wish I could love you more (but let's be honest, no meat and dairy will probably not be a successful New Year's Resolution).
5	seriously people. stop going to other wing joints. this is probably one of the best places in town and the best prices in town and the best flavors in town and the best gat damn deserts in town. of course its all subjective but i havent met one person that has been here not say one bad thing. the other wing joints charge a lot more and the attention to detail isnt there. you wanna support local businesses? come and support this one! plus the food is awesome and so is brian. ask him to sing some sublime for you. yes i heard you singing while you were cooking brian... haha
5	I keep meaning too get my wings on every time I stopped in Campus Commons but tough call between Kaba Curry and Wing King. I decided too get best of both worlds same night. I had the garlic parmesan fries again. It still so good just like the last time. All the fries are fresh cut none of this pre cut frozen potato fries out of bag. The seasoning on garlic fries just the right amount of garlic and parmesan. If your breath not smell like garlic then you know not garlic fries. Right!?! Still there more depth then just the garlic add the parmesan and right seasonings! Beautiful thing!  Seasonings, flavors, depth, and balance is something say about ALL 40 flavors of wings choose from too four of five different style fries too choose off the menu. Brain makes all the sauces fresh and always tossing new ideas and willing too take risks. That night he came up with new flavor for his wings. Asian orange called it not even on the menu. If you have any doubts or questions with the sauces they will let you sample anyone of the 40 flavors. I appreciate lot shows much he cares about every single sauce he puts his heart and soul in. The wings I was going too iceacholics christmas party so got 50 wings too go. It not party platters they start at 100 wings but get fries and another things with party platter. They even go higher then 100 wings but 50 wings was just the right amount. I was having trouble deciding flavors too choose from since you can go 1-5 different flavors went order party amount of wings. Brain was super helpful. We talked about balance of mild too hot style sauces. End came up with four new one asian orange, sweet barbeque, jamacian jerk, and habanero honey. The Habanero honey and jamacian jerk stood out! Both nice kick too them but so much more depth then just heat. I always have problem with any wings/tenders ask for Hot. In essence all tobasco pr durkee red hot or any vinegar base horrible. All the sauces even the mild ones at wing kings the depth of flavors AWESOME! Not just heat with both Habanero Honey or Jamacian Jerk. The Habanero taste the sweetness of the honey counters the balance of the heat from the habanero then add other seasonings brings it full circle. Same things say for the jamacian jerk. I hardly even made dent in 40 flavors but without doubt will make it back enough times too get all 40 flavors in! The chicken can get traditional or boneless. Wings only way too go traditional way not licking fingers clean or getting little messy. The wings are nice crispy on the outside, cooked moist inside, and nice hot. They do amazing job comes too packing them too go. He separates all four different flavors in tin foil, all arrange mild too hot in same pan, and perfect size tight lid keep warm till party starts. He labels the top just in case not forget. It comes with nice amount of celery sticks and nice side of ranch. The desserts! Talk about really secret gem in Vegas! It last place you think bake their own fresh DAILY desserts. It presented old school fashion in cake stands with covers too pie pan with cover for his peach cobbler. I had the red velvet cake and this occasion tried slice of banana bread. Both tasty and just wished had more room for dessert. They do sell whole cakes just need give them day advance. Sure if looking too brings whole cake potluck style or party not go wrong.Service top notch from Brain being helpful with my choices of flavors, gave me complimentary slice of banana bread,  so friendly, and feel small time business that cares about little detail. I find it SO refreshing. Wing King place that plan on stopping by again again.
5	I have had a hankering for real buffalo wings for quite a while in Las Vegas and was unable to find anything that met my memories expectations until I found WING KING!This is it folks. Go get your WINGS HERE!They have more than a dozen flavors with HELL being the hottest.I went with my normal Buffalo wing choice and I was not disappointed in the least. They are exactly as I wanted, crispy, spicy and fresh.I must say however that the space to eat them in is NOTHING to crow about, it is a weird convoluted space with several fast food joints all crowded into a big room with fast food table and chairs with florescent lighting. NOTHING to CROW about and NOT a DATE PLACE...However you can can call ahead and the owner, who is from Louisiana, will take your order and have it waiting for you to pick up. This is the BEST CHOICE for Game day and he said he has orders for HUNDREDS of wings going out to people now...so CALL AHEAD!Amazingly, the owner called us the next day to see how our wings were and to be sure he got the order right!!!! OMG he cares too! Lovely man.  I wish him the very best in his WING KING endeavors and hope he brings another WING KING to DOWNTOWN VEGAS soon..although the drive is fast from downtown- just straight up Charleston...Now don't forget to leave room for the VERY BEST PEACH COBBLER ever.Did I mention that the owner is from Louisiana? This is his mothers recipe and she not only raised a fantastic business person but developed the BEST PEACH cobbler.Kudos to doing a great job, making the best wings, having th best customer service and the BEST DESERTS!
3	First of all, this is a cafeteria style eating setup.  There are multiple food "stands" here, and you eat in a small area that is shared with others.  Not a big deal to me, but don't expect BWW or other establishment.  It is a cool idea though, more for college kids I think, since it is right near CSN.  Ordered the fried pickles, jalapeno bombers, and traditional wings of course.Pickles were good...it is the sauce that makes them actually.  The pickles by themselves didn't do much for me, but the cajun/mayo/ranch whatever it was is pretty solid and goes well with the vinegary/saltiness.  Jalapeno bombers were not very good....pretty bland...would not recommend.As for the wings, I saw them cook the entire batch at one time.  But somehow, some of them got overcooked and dry, others were absolutely perfect.  There were some with a lot of blood vessels or whatever it is called, and one of mine had a broken bone with marrow all around the insides and chunks of bone pieces...yuck.  These must be frozen and transported via UPS freight (jk...kind of)....Tried the parm garlic, mango habenero (I think), and carribean jerk bbq.  The garlic parm was ok...the habenero was like a basic hot to me...both were good, but not great.  What WAS great was their carribean jerk.  It was an excellent, spicy mixture of bbq and jerk'ness and really really wish all the others had that much thought and love put into them.Since all the other reviews seemed great, I must have had a bad experience or bad choices in sauce at least.  If the wings were cooked right, it would have made this a 4 star, and more than one solid choice in flavor, would have bumped another outta me.  I guess I will stick with the chain restaurants for solid and consistent wings.
5	My husband insisted on trying Wing King after reading reviews on yelp.  We live about a /2 mile away so it's convenient!  It's basically in a food court and doesn't have the best ambiance, but the wings and fries were amazing!  I had the Jamaica slam sauce and it was delicious and spicy. My husband had the garlic Parm and I loved them too!  The garlic pepper fries added an extra kick along with the dipping sauce.  To me the absolute highlight was the peach cobbler...delectable!!! We're definitely going back!!!
2	WIngs and fries were bland. The wings were also over cooked.
3	Roger T--I tried this place because of your glowing review.  I must have gone on a bad day because my experience was nothing close to yours. Let's start with the positive news. The Sweet Chili Jerk sauce I chose for my boneless wings was amazing (better than anything I have tried at Buffalo Wild Wings).  They were sweet yet had a nice kick of spice to them.  If I were to rank this place on the wings alone, it would be 5 stars. However, we did try some mediocre side dishes that really let me down.  First, the fries were overcooked and over seasoned.  The second offender was the macaroni & cheese, which was basically Kraft mac n cheese with some garlic salt and a ton of black pepper added to it.  The potato salad was a disaster, and really lacked any real flavor. Add in a stale Hawaiian roll, and our lunch was complete. Let's talk about the service for a minute (or lack thereof).  I placed my order at 12:09 pm, and did not receive my lunch until 12:50 pm.  What's funny is that the place wasn't busy. There were 2 ladies in front of us-thats it! The entire food court was empty, so it was easy to count them.  In fact there were more gnats in the building than there were customers.  Since the doors were open, these creatures decided to have lunch with us.  The gentleman with the pony tail behind the counter was not friendly in the slightest.  All he could do was begrudgingly take my order and complain that he was short staffed for the day. However, to his credit- he did give us a few extra cookies to go - since we had to wait so long. I am glad I tried this place. I would have never know that this hidden food court existed. If I do decide to come back for the wings (only), I will make sure to call my order in ahead of time. I would also recommend wearing a citronella bracelet if you decide to eat there. 5 star wings Minus 1 for their side dishes Minus 1 for the service
5	Stopped here for lunch because I was at a clients house, rarely do I get on this side of town.Owner was cordial, helpful and let me try the sauce before ordering.The sweet mustard wings were great, cooked right and that sauce is excellent. I normally dont care about fries, but these fries were a great compliment to the wings.Honored my check-in offer for a free desert. The owner gave me a generous portion of the German chocolate. Nice, moist and warm..downed it in 5 mins. This is a nice set up offering great food. Will love to try more. This place is set for success.
4	I have been hearing rumblings about Wing King for a little while now. I never even had the desire to give it a shot because of it's location in the Food Court building by CSN. I gotta say you can't really judge a book by it's cover. Let me set the scene up for you.. I place my order over the phone and walk in 20 minutes later to the background music of Gansta's Paradise. Automatically that's a bonus point, and from here on out I'd prefer to enter most places with Coolio singing my real life soundtrack. Any place not playing Gangsta's Paradise automatically loses a star. Ok, sorry for getting sidetracked. Upon entering, the place was a little smokey, but not because of the Bob Marley posters all around if you know what I'm saying. It had the smokiness of poorly ventilated fryers. It wasn't overwhelming. I've worked kitchens before, this was pretty mild and you get used to it immediately. The gentleman that helped me, Brian, was a nice polite guy. I told him I've been hearing good things about the place and wanted to check it out. There was a check in offer for a small dessert, so that was awesome. I opted for the chocolate bundt cake, because he said it was the freshest. He also went out of the way to pop everything open and verify the order was correct. And then he wrote on the cake container to microwave for 20-30 seconds. He said it makes it nice and gooey like a brownie. I cant begin to say how much the tiny attention to detail was appreciated. I love when a food service establishment goes out of their way with customer service, mainly because a lot of places tend to get that part dead wrong. I tried a bunch of different stuff. The french fries stole the show. I'll get that out of the way up front. They had an awesome seasoning on them. I got boneless and traditional wings in the flavors of Parmesan Garlic, Spicy Parmesan Garlic, Mango BBQ, and Mild. I'm a huge fan of Parmesan Garlic at most places. This place wasn't particularly the best though. It was just ok. I enjoyed it, but I've had better. The spicy version tasted off. It was my least favorite of the four. Mango BBQ was solid. Sweet with just a small kick of hot. And Mild was... well Mild. It was a safe bet and it didn't disappoint. The Mac and Cheese was a let down. Not expensive, but not on some BFG level or anything. I'd skip that altogether next time in favor of a bigger size of fries. Did I mention the fries were bomb? Because they were. Mmm, I can taste those seasonings now. Also, the cake was pretty good. Nice and fresh and satisfying. If you are in the area and craving wings, definitely try this place out. I'm going to go back to experience some more flavors and of course, the fries. The pricing on everything is very reasonable and you should be able to find something you'll really like... Especially if you order their french fries.
3	Okay, saw the many great reviews about this place and it kind of made me not want to write this one but on second thought, I think it only fair to everyone that we tell it like it is.  The sauce which makes the wings were okay, nothing to jump up and down about, had the Teriyaki, and Med. Hot, and also tried the Dry Cool Ranch.  The wings were over fried and dry, nice crunch but just too dry and small wings at that, Wingstop had much bigger wings.  Mac and Cheese was tasteless and the Parm & Garlic fries was also pretty tasteless.  It may have been that the oil was too hot but they should know better since they are the Wing King.  Waited half an hour for 24 wings with the sides.  Went on a Sat. night at around 7p.m., 3 out of the 5 food stalls in there were either closed or out of business, only Wing King and the Soul Food stall were open.  Maybe these businesses are geared for the CSN crowd??  Just wondering why so many 5 Star reviews?? Did I miss something??
5	we got carry out and thought the wings were very good , tried 4 different styles , roll up your sleevesd and get messy.
5	My husband found this place and we decided to go last night. We got 50pcs wings: hot, teriyaki, sweet chili slam, jamacian jerk bbq hot and spicy mango. The hot was a perfect hot not tearing your mouth off but a good kick, teriyaki was very good, sweet chili slam is the one that rrally caught me off gaurd and had to get milk, jamacian jerk bbq was smoky full of spicies and flavor lots of kick and the spicy mango was a great blend of sweet and spicy. Then we got a large fries they had a spicy cajun seasoning on it which i didnt realize until my 7 yr old grabbed one and yelled hot :-) ! But other then that they were very good and were fresh cut. I ordered the fried pickles and the guy there bryan waited until we got there to drop them so they would b nice and crisp still when we got home needless to say they didnt make it home lol they were awesome thin and crispy! They have an awesome zesty ranch dip and blue cheese dip as well!  We also had their red velvet cake it was old school made and awesome and the peach cobbler was amazing not overly sweet and my son loved their cookies! We will definatly be back again and telling our family and friends about this place!
3	I really, really wanted to like this place but based on my experience it's a 2.5 right now.  I called in my order around 8:00 and arrived around 8:30 and still found myself waiting about ten more minutes.   The wait didn't bother me because I realize everything is made to order but I would suggest calling ahead about 40 minutes.  Based on the other reviews I knew what to expect as far as decor and that it was more of a food court type setting.  I ordered the Lemon Pepper Dry because lemon pepper is my go to wing flavor to which I compare all my wing experiences.  I also compare all wings to my fave spot from my hometown and to me they are hard to beat, which also probably makes me a little biased.   These weren't bad but they didn't wow me like I was expecting from the reviews.   Brian was very nice.  The desserts looked really good.  I do plan on going back to try some other flavors and the desserts did look delicious.  The dipping sauce that came with the wings was some of the best I had ever tasted.  Wasn't just your basic ranch, had more of a kick to it.
5	I ordered Jamaican Jerk Slam and Jamaican Jerk Hot wings today and boy was I impressed.  It was my first visit to Wing King and the service was above and beyond my expectations.  I am picky when it comes to wings, I have never liked Buffalo Wild Wings or Wing Stop, they are always over priced for what you get.   What impressed me most about Wing King is the customer service I received.  I let them know it was my first time and when it came to sauces, they let me taste the top sellers and it helped me pick my flavor.  I could not wait to try to these wings as I had read so many reviews already!  I am not normally a dessert person, but please try the Red Velvet cake! It is so moist and delicious, you won't regret it! The cobbler was in the oven and I did not have time to wait, but I will definitely be back to try it!
4	Wing King.  King of Wings.  They have way more flavors to select from (40 at last count, if you want to get all detail oriented about it), and some I rather not try without some significant payout as part of a dare and a large glass of ice cold milk.For me the main reason to hit up Wing King, is their desserts.  Red Velet Cake is good, but sinfully good when it is barely legal out of the oven.  If I can still eat like a teenager, I would totally eat 1/2 a cake and a pint of ice cream.  Hidden gem in the dessert category.
1	Its amazing how different taste buds can be. That PEACH COBBLER was wayyy too sweet for me and not enough pastry in the mix. I did not like it, but I did like Brian the "Brotha" with the cornrows, he was comic relief.
4	This was my first time at wing king and I have to say, I'm very impressed. My girlfriend and I wanted to get wing stop or Buffalo Wild Wings but I wanted something new so I tried them and never regretted it. Everything was good, large portions, and they were cheap. I have to say that I will be back for seconds!
5	Great wings. I did the spicy garlic Parmesan   My wife loved the "Too Much" chocolate cake. Owner came over to make sure we were enjoying our experience and we were. Nice people
5	What can I say...Wing King lives up to its name.  The wings were meaty, and the sauces are homemade.  I love dry wings, so Debbie ordered the lemon pepper and the Jamaican slam sauce.  Next time, we will ask Brian to just to fry the wings, and have the Jamaican slam sauce on the side and we can dip the wings into the sauce.  Also, I like the fact that Brian will let you sample the sauces, and he can also make it more hot, less hot for your preference.  You can tell that Brian caters to his customers.Also, when you check in on yelp, you get a small dessert with your purchase.  This is an offer NO ONE should ever pass up.  Why?  Because Brian makes the most delicious desserts!  OMG, the peach cobbler is to die for.  They have the right amount of crisp, peaches, and pastry dough.  Then the red velvet and too much chocolate cake slices...ahhhh, so moist and fluffy.  They were all so good.Wing King also have an all day special, which is 5 pieces of wings (1 flavor), regular fries, regular drink and a Hawaiian roll, for $6.49.  That's an awesome deal!  Wing King is as good as it gets in my book.  Woohoo!
1	My husband wanted some wings last night so he searched Yelp and found Wing King. The menu looked legit, so we headed out. When we got to 'The Food Court' I was totally skeeved out. It's a random windowless building with a sign on the front. Doesn't look like anywhere I really wanted to be - but my husband was persistent so I caved. We were the only people there, and only 3 of the businesses were open. It was like being in a food court in the local mall - minus the mall. So weird. We stood in front of Wing King for a good ten minutes before anyone even came out from the back, then they went back to where they came from without even acknowledging us. 20 minutes into our visit a kid came out and took our order, rang us up and we waited... for what seemed like an eternity. The long wait was apparently a blessing, as we reviewed our receipt. For 24 wings they kid charged us $222.98. Yes. Two hundred twenty two dollars and ninety eight cents. I promptly rang the bell and a corn-rowed gentleman (apprently the owner) came out and rectified our transaction, all the while trashing the employee to us. The wings looked great, and the dry garlic parmesean weren't all that bad, they were just absolutely COVERED in grated cheese, which isn't our thing. Instead of one of our orders, they gave us mild, and the caribbean jerk was super sweet and then burning hot - so we didn't eat them. Later that night we both weren't feeling so hot, and were consistently burping garlic parmesean....so we definitely won't be making a return trip to Wing King. :/
1	I finally checked this place out Wing King The wings where just okay nothing to jump hurdles over .. The guy with the Dredlocks was very rude , bad attitude bad customer service  The red velvet cake was suck !! It was so dam dry not moist at all ..but the peach cobbler was great !  The folks at wezziannas  where more friendly  and there gumbo was the Bomb
5	The Campus Commons has some great places to eat.  And in a town with several chain wing places, it is so nice to find a local joint with the quality that beats all the chains hands down!  That place is Wing King.  Tons of great homemade sauces and awesome fries.  Brian is one of the nicest guys you will come across.  I still need to try a dessert.
1	Veeeerrryyyy sloooooooowwww service. Ordered a 5 Wing special and i think I saw them rubbing 2 sticks together to start the fire underneath the fryer.  Then they touched the food with their bare hands (yes I'm serious). I told them to eat it themselves, even though I prepaid....$7.00 down the drain. NEVER AGAIN.
2	How good is it when the best thing on the menu is the peach cobbler??  That's definitely worth trying above anything else.  It might be even worth buying a whole tin of it.  I would!!I wasn't impressed with the rest of it.  We got 12 wings.  Half of it was extra hot and the other was garlic parmesan which was recommended by the person working.  It had a ton of grated (sawdust) parmesan on top which was pretty lame.  The wings were just wings.  Nothing special to me.  The baked beans side was really good and the potato salad was decent but that doesn't equal a complete dinner.  The red velvet cake wasn't as good as before either.  It was definitely dry and there were no chocolate chips in it like last time.  Considering the atmosphere of the dining area (this would be an ideal place for illegal transactions to go down) or other things lacking like clean tables AND the fact that Wing King doesn't have one of the best things to drink with wings (BEER), I am a takeout customer at best.  Call in your order if you don't like waiting.
3	Solid player in the wing kingdom.  Probably the best in LV.  The owner was very accommodating giving me 4 flavors to try for my order.  All food was hot & fresh.  Odd locale but I can overlook it for the food.
5	Wing King never disappoints! New on their menu is "Pig Wings".  They are kind of like rib tips, but they come from a different part of the pig. They are much more tender than rib tips and a whole lot more meatier.  They are fried up in no time and can be prepared with any of the flavors, although any of the BBQ flavors would probably be your best bet.
4	Against all advisement not to, I got the suicide wings because I was over confident in my spice tolerance. Let me tell you, they are aptly named! Regardless though, I did enjoy their flavor despite the pain. Brian, the owner, brought me out a bottle of water as I lay there, dying.Fries were good. The cobbler was AMAZING. I can't wait to go back and try wings that I can actually taste also lol. I do believe that I will be a frequent Wing Kinger.
5	I'm a vegetarian... And I love this place. Mac n' Cheese, fried pickles and my favorite... PEACH COBBLER FROM HEAVEN!!! It is a hidden treasure.
5	I felt the need too tell anyone or everyone if looking too get dessert for potluck or party Wing King is Da Bomb. The only catch is need too give Brain 24 hour heads up. I looking too pick up desserts for going away party.  One that deserts truly taste homemade and da bomb. Sure they are dozen or bunch of bakery all across the valley too choose from but Wing King desserts truly dessert that tell Brian puts all heart and soul into it. I have tried Peach Cobbler, Banana Bread, and Red Velvet Cake miss couple but all da bomb. Really for a restaurant that pride itself on wings desserts here are the icing on the cake or treat straight out of no where. I talked too Brain the day before plus got myself dinner that night some honey habanero wings by far my favorite sauce. The garlic fries huge fan of too!! They just added piglet or forgot the description but riblet that more like popsicles. He offer me too try one it was in sweet chili sauce. If I knew about it would have ordered that instead. It not on the menu so would have too ask for it?? Brain was helpful deciding on two different styles of Red Velvet Cake but finding right fit for amount of people. He had it done on time requested. The way pack it! Truly bakery without the fancy logo on the box. It sturdy box one that place it in refrigerator before bring it out. It was amazing Red Velvet Cake. It MOIST the entire cake, nice dense not too light, and the frosting on top was divine. If you need ANY king of dessert Wing King is the place too go plus small business that love too support in Vegas.
1	Didn't try the food, but called to make an order and the man was rude. Yelled saying he couldn't hear me, didn't tell me how much my order was, didn't ask for a name, just said give me 10 minutes and they'll be ready and immediately hung up. How do they know who I am?! RUDE!!
5	The wings tasted like I ordered chicken skin with flavoring....the flavoring inconsistent where one bite was ok while the next tasted like it would callous my a**  even though I didn't order anything spicy enough for that....the fries were soggy just not my thing but I understand as a business owner places get busy and unfortunately people get compromised even when you have the best intentions growing pains suck........... I hope to try again and give this place a better review and chalk it up to a busy night sh*t happens RIGHT?! ..........UPDATE!..and if my review keeps getting bazarr this place has earned my five stars not only the mngr but the owner called high five to this place and to the owner and employees that care I love it they have gone from one to three to five in an hour great mngmt cant wait to give another try awesome!
1	I don't want to make any accusations, but I woke up with a wicked stomach flu/food poisoning/gastroenteritis. The last and only thing I ate yesterday was a bunch of traditional hot wings, celery, ranch, and mac & cheese. I feel like I'm dying.Chicken quality didn't seem good. Seemed like they were dry or old or recently frozen. The meat was tough and too chewy. Sauce was typical quality from any wing place.The macaroni was small in piece size. The portion was fine but the individual macaroni size was tiny. I never had mac that small. Cheese sauce was decent. Saw some black spots in my mac and cheese. I'm guessing it was burn marks or something.
5	My friend kept telling me how awesome this place was, so i finally went. He wasnt kidding, probably some of the best wings ive ever had and the sauces are delicious. Thank god this place isnt closer to my house otherwise i would probably get it daily. Got the chicken wings and was not disappointed, the man at the counter also let us try the pork wings which were also amazing.
5	This place has AMAZING wings and fries!! Oh and of course Peach Cobbler!!I have only been once and have gone back twice to eat BUT they are not open on Sunday?!?! It's football season and I want wings on Sunday!!!Still they get 5 stars because the food is that good....but please open Sunday...even if its just long enough to take my order!!
4	This restaurant is in the CSN food commons.  I decided to try it on a whim one day.  I was glad I did!  I got the garlic Parmesan wings.  They were tasty and seasoned well.  The guy who helped me was so friendly and also gave me a pig wing to try.  It was so good as well!  Make sure to try their peach cobbler too!  It was delish!
2	I really wasn't impressed... I had the garlic parm fries they were hardly warm & soft like they were old!!! And the boneless wings weren't bad, doubt I'd go back!!!
4	Spicy garlic parmesan wings are where it's at, bros and hos.I stopped by here after missing my work's Happy Hour on Friday afternoon, thinking I'd take HH home to the BF. I've been to a few other places in this food court and remembered this place- site indicates that they have 40 flavors of sauce, so I thought they'd be a good option.In short, guys, I was blown away. Menu offers 6 wings for $5, so naturally I went hog wild and got three orders- for research purposes, you understand. Gotta make sure this review is thorough.The spicy garlic parm were amazing. I love garlic, I love parm, and I love spice- but usually garlic parm wings are dry, bland, and/or underwhelming, but never spicy. Here, they actually ARE! And the excess cheese crumbles in the dish are delicious too. This was the favorite flavor by far.Next up was spicy mesquite barbeque- I'm a Texas girl, and Mesquite BBQ is a Texas thing. This flavor took me back home, in a good way. Warm heat, got the spices right. Jamaican Jerk Barbeque was recommended to me by the cashier as her favorite- and they were excellent. Extra saucy, warm heat and a lot of flavor. Not as good as the garlic parm, but still good- and an option you won't find too many places.I'll def be going back to try more flavors, and perhaps buy stock in the spicy garlic parm. Menu also boasts "pig wings" which are actually mini hams? Doesn't sound appealing to me at all, but they're the only place in the state that offers them so that means I'll get around to trying them sooner or later.Side note on the service; as a note says by the front counter, this is not a fast food place. Your order is made WHEN you order, so expect a wait. Mine took a reasonable 15 minutes, and I was pleased with the product. I prefer fresh food even if a wait is required though I understand some might be on a time crunch and assume the food-court location is going to be quick. Definitely recommend calling ahead to order, which they encourage!Service was provided by a couple with dreadlocks- super sweet and friendly, really felt as though my business was appreciated.
2	I got the daily special that included 5 wings, fries, a drink, and a Hawaiian roll all for $7. I got garlic Parmesan and they literally used the Parmesan in a bottle that you can get at Walmart. To be honest I could make these wings at home. The fries were decent and the Hawaiian roll was good. Nothing really special about this place. I also got a free desert for checking in here on yelp. I got the peach cobbler and it was pretty good and probably the best thing I got out of my whole meal.
1	The guy with dreads whom I will assume is the owner was standoffish.  Very unfriendly like.   My bill for a combo meal was $8.00.  As I sat there eating noticed on their billboard menu that the same meal listed as $5.99.  Wings were nothing to brag about.  Not impressed.
4	I been meaning to go to this place and really a few of the vendors in the internet food court cafe, but it often gets passed up for better ambiance than what is essentially, a extended cafeteria for the college crowd. The BF and I got 16 wings in Mango Slam and Parmesan Garlic. The mango slam had a nice jerk flavor with some sweet fruitiness. The parm came with a lot of grated parmesan, but the flavor for me was just OK. I ended up dipping them in the mango slam since that was more my type of flavor and the BF picked the garlic parm. The wings were a good sized and crispy though. Fried pickles were nice thin pickles so they fried up like chips. These I really liked. It came with some ranch type dip, but this probably would be awesome with some mustard based sauce. We got a regular, but the basket was rather generous of a portion. The fries came seasoned and are skin on. These reminds me of fries at places like 5 Guys and are rather solid if you like those thick cut natural skin on type fries.The check in offer is with purchase is a free a dessert. We got a slice of rum cake. It was good, but maybe a bit too boozy since it was straight soaked in rum, If you want a buzzed dessert though this is for you. So the ambiance looks not like much but the wings and the fried pickles hit the spot so I would be back during lunch when I just want a quick bite. It would probably be a good to-go place  or a spot to get a big ole tray for a get together.
5	If I could give 10 stars, I would! This is by far my favorite wing place in Las Vegas. With 60+ flavors to choose from, you will have a blast finding your favorite! (My personal favorite in the Apple Barbeque!) Everything is cooked when you order so no semi-warm or cold wings! You cannot leave without getting the Peach Cobbler! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
4	Husband and I have been looking for a new wing place for a while since we can't stand the thought of franchised Buffalo Wild Wings and their nasty fake chicken, stumbled upon this gem close by to our place.  I'd have to say, first look is kind of an eye sore, I had faith though and quickly realized you can't judge a book by it's cover.  In the little "Internet Cafe" which seems to be a college hang out close by to CSN, the best wings in town!  So many favors to chose from, their chicken is fresh and made to order!  My favorite was the honey mustard wings... So good!  I'm a boneless fan, we forgot to order boneless so had to deal with the regular wings but I'd say it was worth it!  Awesome either way I'm sure, but it was the freshness that really won me over.  Super nice customer service, we'll be back for anytime wing cravings!
5	The place is straight up awesome. The owner comes into my store (Smart & Final) a few times a week to stock up on things like to-go containers,portion cups and what not. Every time " come on in man, you'll love it!". well i finally went in, he was right! I got the " All day special" 5 wings (boneless or traditional),fries, a roll and a drink ($6.50) and the an additonall 6 boneless($4.99). The flavors i got were garlic-mild and chipotle. Both awesome flavors! It took a little while to get my food, but it was worth the wait!With 60 flavors(and I'm sure more to come) it's hard to go wrong, peach cobbler to die for. Go there now.
