5	Your typical kick a$$ irish sports bar. This place is great. Its good size, with flat panel tv's everywhere!  Solid Irish/American menu with affordable drinks all the time. They also have outside seating and off-track betting! So grab some corned-beef, a guiness, and bet some dogs will ya, you owe it to yourself.
2	this bar & restaurant can be good or bad depending what you're looking for. FIRST, i hate a bar that charges me a premium price for michelob ultra. HELLO, ultra is made by budweiser so stop ripping off all the ultra drinkers. this place is known for it's off track betting. they get alot of horse racers in there. it gets VERY crowded. their happy hour stinks. it's amazing to me that they get as crowded as they do with the higher prices. they have no discounted food on happy hour at all. every bar in this entire area has cheap food or free food for happy hour. their drink specials are limited to certain kinds of beer. i think their food and drinks are overpriced.  they do have alot of larger tvs, HOWEVER,  these tvs are hanging from the ceiling. you are constantly looking up at them, so be prepared to have a stiff, aching neck. there is a large outdoor smokers patio with tvs outside. there is a full menu offering a wide variety of food. it's a fun place, but the tvs hanging up high suck, and it's a turnoff not to have a better happy hour. i can go within 1/2 mile and have a much better happy hour, way cheaper food & drinks, and much better tvs. i heavily suggest rt osullivan at 59ave & bell rd. if you're a gambler, it's a good place to go.  FORGET FOOTBALL OR SUNS. IF YOU WANT TO WATCH SPORTS HERE, GET HERE 2 HOURS EARLY. WAY TOO CROWDED.
2	I have to agree that the happy hour here is lame. Their prices are too high, and their beer/liquor selection WAY too low. The servers are hot, the food is decent, the TV's are everywhere. If there were not other places within a few miles that have better deals, better beer selection and better food, this place would get more stars. However, it can be PACKED, so they must be doing something right...
3	Met a buddy here last night... It's a little bit of a hike from my neck of the woods, but not too bad. It worked out well cause it was a good middle point to meet. I hadn't eaten all day so I was Very hungry and I ordered the "godfather" sandwich which has all your usual suspects for an Italian sandwich. I really liked it, the bread was quite good. After a couple pitchers later we started to do a little off track betting which was a blast! Won enough money to pay for the tab so that was good. This place is really big and has a huge outdoor patio and TONS of TV's I don't think I'll make a habit out of going because of the distance from my house but I would recommend going here if you are in the area.
4	A MUST VISIT. I was visiting from out of town and my brother and I were on a food/pub crawl. This was my second lunch of the day and I had the hot corn beef samich with fries. A very good samich and the atmosphere was great with the college football games going on and watching people plunk down for the pony and dog races. Lots of TV's and big patio which was covered up so they could run the ac outside. I will be back and my brother said this place takes over the whole parking lot for St. Pats day with bands and other live-ations we Irish do.
3	I checked this place out recently because I found out that I could get dividend airline miles through my US Airways program that I am in.  I wouldn't normally go to a sports bar during the day, but I thought what the heck?  I was the guy drinking a coke at the bar, unlike most of the other patrons.  I tried the special, which was a bratwurst sandwich  with sauerkraut and tater tots.  Not bad, but nothing to say oh wow over.Maybe I am over critical on restaurants that seem outdated, but this sports bar was a blast from the past.  I believe that something that worked in the past doesn't necessarily work in the present.  Maybe I was just way too young to be in the establishment(32 yrs old), but come on, change with the times!
2	A great venue to catch the Sunday games. There are several big screens viewable from every seating option; That gives this off the path place a 5starsLarge icy pitchers of cold, cheap brewsky...5starsA weird tasting Monte Cristo Sandwich with a dip of grape jelly (not the norm that Ive had)..2 stars .. on the ick side. A HUGE Stoli bomber during a touchdown that I spoke smack prior to point.. 5stars... TRULY will get you a quick tipsy.. to handle all the bs in this place and the fact you are out in where is this PHX? A  waitress who continuously called my un-dateable, douche bag date  'babe' and flirted while not real friendly to me.. & had to be flagged down despite her leaning on the bar chatty-cathy behavior..forgetting lemon for the weird tasting tap water.. 2stars ... He gets a 0 star and a L on his forehead that is too large anyway. Sorry if I ask twice.. your a two.. AND to be a flirty girl @ work.. get your skillz up yo! I'm a blonde with class and this place is not. So a 1star for flirt skills!.. Maybe this flight attendant should show her how to get it done while not irritating the girls in the group... All other things bring this place to the fun mode... :-) And down to it, this place COULD be fun, IF the food was decent; the service was up to par; and maybe with a decent guy. Hmmm..
5	A can't miss sports bar/grill to watch any sporting event!  If you are a fish & chips fan stop by on a Friday night for their all you can eat special.  Always a good time at Padre's!
3	You really can't go wrong with Padre's if your looking for a local sports bar. But it's not really worth the drive if you have other places closer to you.The place has tons of room, more tv's then it knows what to do with, and the waitstaff is generally pretty kick ass. Friday nights tend to be crazy insane as apparently everyone in the valley shows up for their Fish'n chips.Otherwise the drinks are okay, a pint of Hefe will run you about 4.25 and shots a little more so. The bar food is adequate and the crowd is.. well the Scottsdale crowd it is not. As others have mentioned, they do have off-track betting, which can make the place more interesting depending on who is there and if they are winning or not  ;)
1	I understand this is a bar first and restaurant second, but come on!  A bar MUST respect the WING!  That includes serving chicken wings, not pigeon wings.  Although the quality of the wing itself was disgraceful, they could at least put some lipstick on that pig!  The celery and carrot garnish on my plate were not suitable for making chicken stock in a classic mirepoix.  The prep cook must have had a seizure while prepping garnishes.  SHAME!As for the atmosphere... what is the difference between a Scottsdale douchebag and a Glendale douchebag?  Answer: a trust fund.  This place reeks of a summer's eve. For full disclosure, though, I was there during a UFC fight. By the way, during UFC fights, there is no cover - but they charge extra for alcohol to make up for it.
4	Ive been going here for years and I must says its a fun afternoon to relax bet on the dogs and consume a few wings washed down with cold beer of course. The prices are average not cheap and the place is often packed but the layout somehow lessens the cramped feeling. Plenty of outdoor seating. I was a little disturbed on my last vist to see smaller chicken wings than I recalled in the past hope they didnt try to cut a corner because they used to be my favorite wings. They still taste good just really small now. I actually think I like the Notorious Pig BBQ Wings a little better now because they smoke them then fry um and they are bigger but its all good here anyway. Waitresses are always very nice and I have actually walked away with several free tabs and some extra money in my pocket after hitting on the dogs. All in all highly recommended for Pub and Grub.
3	Irish bar no cider - 1 star. Irish names on food but mostly it's Irish-American rather than anything approaching  auld country.K I am not a sports bar type of guy which isn't as oxymoron despite claims to the contrary but over the last couple of years I've started following hockey which is why I ended up here early on a Sunday morning. Foodwise: The wings have a jokey name "meet the devil" when I doubt they could summon up Tinkerbelle on a bad hair day.  Salty too.  They are "grilled" but it seems like breaded  fried and then grilled. The presentation is fine, the price not excessive but it's not what it says your getting by a long shot.I followed up with a poorly named shepherd's pie which was ground beef, over-seasoned and salty.   It's not in the same league as what's being put out at Tim Finnegans.  Service on what was a busy/ noisy day was consistently good and the number of screens made it easy to find a great spot to watch the game.  Certainly going back here for future games but I can't see me ever needing to pop in for the food.
3	Going to Padre Murphy's on Fridays for Fish and Chips is a tradition and somewhat a routine for loads of peeps in northwest Phoenix. I had to try it. My first visit was for lunch with a coworker and have been back a couple of times for their Fish & Chips on Fridays. It's somewhat of a dated sports bar but with lots of cool sports pics on the walls and plenty of great TVs everywhere to watch sports, horse and dog races. Plenty of room, clean and inviting and even has a couple of betting windows for the race tracks. Their service is exceptional and very consistent with each visit. The crowd is somewhat of an older, couples crowd but kid friendly. Padre Murphy's bottomless Fish and Chips on Friday has a great taste and it is what a lot of peeps keep coming back for. I've tried some of their Irish dishes and found them to be average or below compared to other places. Their sandwiches and burgers are OK and their open faced roast beef plate is one of their best sellers. But I, like most peeps come here for their Fish & Chips on Fridays. Maybe I will see you there sometime on a Friday eating Fish & Chips ;-)
3	Kilt Lifter Ale from the local Four Peaks brewery on tap.  Enjoyed it.  Always like to try local brews.Came here for their 2 for 1 burger Tuesdag special.Mike Byrnes burg bacon and cheese.  I ordered it Medium and it came Rare.  Not worth making an issue over, but a pretty basic concept to master. House made chipsA sports bar with a nice ambiance.  Was doing a good business on a Tuesday night.  Had some windows for off track betting - not something I am used to seeing.Service was a little spotty.
3	Pleasantly surprised. Located adjacent to O'Reilly Auto Parts- Padre Murphy's offers a Sports Bar Oasis to those who find it.We were there for the 'St. Pierre vs. Shields' fight. We were not charged a cover and were able to find a booth for our party of 6.FYI, after the 'Live'  coverage, they do offer replays of the match AND offer $1 Sliders to go with. I had ordered the prime rib sliders and paid $9... I could have waited.Drinks were pretty standard. They did have mojitos, which many sports bars don't seem to offer. TONS OF TVs. My BF thought the on-tap selection was pretty average but did like the mini pitchers they offered for any draft beer.A disappointment was a server. I think she was 12 years old and had no idea what beers were on tap. Even when my BF ordered Red Rover because he saw the tap head, she said that they did not carry that beer... we had to convince her to just put the order in and see what happened. Low and behold, a mini pitcher of Red Rover came out 15 minutes later!Food is pretty standard- no gross disappointments. My slider wasn't that great but they do have a Huge variety of sandwiches.Only true negative is the parking. Many of the parking spots are reserved for the surrounding businesses. There were a few announcements being made throughout the game about people's cars getting towed by O'Reilly's.
4	Great place to wack back a few or ten pitchers of beer and watch the game or fight and bet on the horses or puppies!! they have off track betting.
5	Best Bar/restaurant in the Valley!  Great staff, good food, and there is always something to do which is good for ADDers.
4	Nice sports bar, fun place good food decent croud.
5	Very good sports bar. The bartenders are awesome, friendly, and they make everyone feel comfortable especially Kelly-Ann. Generous servings with good prices. The owner is very personable and makes everyone feel welcomed. St.Patricks Day is a must. The entire parking lot is tented off and there is entertainment all day long. Padre Murphy's is a great place for a game, pay per view fights, off track betting and live entertainment. Without a doubt one if not the best sports bar in North Phoenix. What I like most is Padre Murphy's is not a boring corporate business, but a locally own establishment, which to me makes the place stand out from all the others. I really liked the fish and chips(all you can eat) on Fridays, and the corned beef sandwich. If your looking for a game on tv, Padre Murphy's is the place to be.
3	only been here with buddies but overall pretty cool place but way far for me to return so i only go when i know all my folks and friends are going but i would suggest this to other people to return very inexpensive
5	Been going here for years.  Huge sports bar, can always get a table with little to no wait (on normal non-Superbowl days).  Food is above average, some things I love, and some things wouldn't order again.  They have off-track betting which is really fun....in fact, this is the first time I ever learned how to bet on the dog races.  Restaurant is also family friendly.  Someone earlier complained about parking....just like any other restaurant, if you get there late, you have to park further away.  If you get there early, you get a spot in the front......
1	I usually go to Padre Murphy's once a week and the noon service staff is great, ask for Mary as she is the best.  Last night, Tuesday I went for dinner with a friend.  We got our menu's and were seated in a booth.  Well after fifteen minutes of waiting and waiting, I walked out and no one cared.  Upon leaving I was told to have a "nice day" but I told them back that I would have liked to be served.  They said "awwww" and left it like that although the Dinner Manager was standing at the bar several feet away.  The bar/dining place was not full, but I guess our waitress was taking a break because everyone in our section was eating, except for us.
4	Very nice sports bar. Had a blast here. Everyone seemed very friendly, haven't tried the food yet (only had drinks). Definitely will be visiting on St. Patty's Day. Customer service was pretty good. My only wish is that the servers would go that extra mile. I would definitely (and have) recommended this to friends and family.
4	Bustling local watering hole with friendly staff and good food. They have off-track betting as well, if that's your bag.We sat outside on a Saturday night and even though the place was packed, we received very good service all night. Our server was seemingly present whenever needed--any time one of the six of us was empty, she was at our table within the next minute offering another drink. The bar selection is somewhat limited, to my surprise--they have all the makings of everyday drinks, but a couple people in my party attempted ordering drinks they didn't have the ingredients for.The food is really good. I got the reuben, which is fantastic. The kraut is just right, and everything was cooked to crispy perfection. It's no gourmet faire, but the prices are right and everything seems solid. The others in my group enjoyed their meals as well.
1	Had reservations today at 1pm for 15 people for Mother's Day. HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE. It started out bad and never recovered. The waitress came over for drinks when we first sat down, and she knew we were waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. She obviously wasn't paying attention to our table because once everyone arrived we waited for about 15 minutes before we had to go track her down. Then it took another 20 minutes just to get our buffet plates. WHY?????? She was good after that about bringing clean ones, but didnt remove a SINGLE dirty plate. We ended up piling them on the table behind us. Now on to the food. When we arrived about 1/3 of the food was gone. Most of what was left was cold, and sitting in nasty grease. Being pregnant, there's NO WAY I'm eating room temp chicken or beef.  90% of the fruit was gone, the pasta salad and deviled eggs were not being kept cool. When we asked the waitress about it she said they were working on replacing the food. Not until we were almost done did some things get replenished. In hindsight, we should have ordered from the menu but even that took forever for some in our party and the place wasn't even full of patrons. During the entire time we were there, no one got offered drink refills. I had to flag another waitress down to get water for my kids because she forgot. At the end of the meal getting our checks she had the nerve to add 18% gratuity for the large party. Normally I don't mind, in fact I usually tip 20% as a rule. But in NO WAY did she even come close to earning it. Needless to say, we won't be back.
4	The old neighborhood standby is still doing it right. Pub grub with a twist, great beer selection, attentive service...even O.T.B. for the degenerates! The best pub option in the Bellair-rea (groan).
5	Very good sports bar. The bartenders are awesome, friendly, and they make everyone feel comfortable especially Kelly-Ann. Generous servings with good prices. The owner is very personable and makes everyone feel welcomed. St.Patricks Day is a must. The entire parking lot is tented off and there is entertainment all day long. Padre Murphy's is a great place for a game, pay per view fights, off track betting and live entertainment. Without a doubt one if not the best sports bar in North Phoenix. What I like most is Padre Murphy's is not a boring corporate business, but a locally own establishment, which to me makes the place stand out from all the others. I really liked the fish and chips(all you can eat) on Fridays, and the corned beef sandwich. If your looking for a game on tv, Padre Murphy's is the place to be.
4	I'm not a big drinker, but this place is nice. The restrooms are very clean.
2	I think Padre's is way overpriced.  I also ordered a Shepherd's pie one time, and it looked and tasted like dog food (not that I eat dog food mind you!!)...It really lacks anything to do with an Irish bar or pub.
2	This was the mother of all sports bars. Now food and service have gone down hill. They need a new cook and better drink specials. The staff needs to stop talking to each other and take care of the customers. I have been stopping in there for over 15 years but will look for another watering hole!!
4	Padre's is a great place to hang out. They have good, average food. Never had something that turned me off there. There is Karaoke on Weds nights, which is the reason I head over there. The host is nice and engaging. There is also off track betting. I've never done that, but my friends enjoy it.My favorite thing about Padre's is the management and the waitstaff. They are involved, interested, and all around good people. They are what keep me coming back!
4	Mr pib is flat, Friday fish fry is great.
1	We show up to watch the Cardinals game for breakfast with the kids and this joke of a place had only two TVs in the dining area showing the Cardinals game. And this is an Arizona sports bar? Really? Meanwhile all the waitresses have Cardinals jerseys on and their digital sign says Go Cards on it. So pretty much don't go here if you want to catch a local team game, but Raiders and Steelers, yep they've got that.
4	This is a great place for sports watching!!  Tons of televisions so you can see from anywhere in the bar.The food is just average although the grilled wings are pretty tasty.  Beers were reasonably priced and service was great. They even had a free raffle that my husband won Cardinal's tickets from! This place is a long time favorite of my husbands and I'm sure we'll be back.
3	Busy as always! Fast service, great Pastrami sandwich, will be returning SOON!
3	Enjoyable night.  Single lady looking for dinner and a glass of wine in a friendly place.  Found a spot at the bar.  Good service.  Average food - sorry.  Great TV locations for watching game.
3	We have our impromptu business meetings here. On late lunches, we have made it a few times to just the beginning of happy hour - It is definitely a "local" place, that locals know about and hang out at. A little dated - but decent.I usually have the Chicken Jerk Sliders - YUMMY. They have a pretty decent beer selection. Nothing else stands out as over the top good on the menu. Just average. TV's everywhere - you won't miss a sports game if it is on. Bathrooms are kept very clean - at least during the lunchtime - might be a different story when nighttime drinking starts.
5	Good food and great entertainment. I go here nearly every Tuesday night. My son's guitar instructor hosts Tuesday Blues Day at Padre Murphy's. You want an excellent value grab a snack (nachos and wings are good) have a beer or two and listen to live blues music by a masterful guitarist and his students and musician friends (sax players, singers, blue harpists, etc..). To date, and I've been here fairly regularly for several months, I haven't had any bad food or service (though the meet the devil chicken wings weren't as intimidating as they name implied).
4	There was three of us in my party including me. We went during the afternoon on a  Friday and we all ordered the Fish & Chips. All of the food we ordered was absolutely Delicious.You get a hefty serving of chips along with the ginormous strips of fish, too. Really can't ask for more. My goodness it was wonderful. Unlike typical fish and chips you don't taste or feel that oiliness that you do with most places. The fish had a nice breading on the fish was absolutely mind-blowing and was extremely moist. It falls apart almost to a fault. I am very finicky about fish & chips because I grew up in Rhode Island, San Francisco, Hawaii  and spent some time in England, so it better be good or I'm not coming back.  There is only a few places I like for fish & chips in Arizona but this is one of the best places I've been to.  CUSTOMER SERVICE: The wait service was friendly and quick.  FOOD: The fish was exceptional. Fresh, moist and the perfect consistency. Just how fish and chips should be. I'm salivating as I'm typing this. It's so good you don't even need the tartar sauce, I just used  a tiny bit of vinegar and was good to go. CONCLUSION: This place is GREAT!  I highly recommend for any fish & chips lover. I definitely will be coming back here.
2	We used to go here at LEAST once a week, but now my husband refuses to go there anymore.   We both like to go for happy hour, good munchies and ponies frequently. Padres is good for the ponies, but their beer selection is not that good, the happy hour selection & prices are meh, but the main reason we don't go anymore is the music. The last several times we were there, they played the worst hip hop style, 'rappy' crap... and they played it at an extremely loud volume. It was very unpleasant to eat by or even try to carry on a conversation. Mind you, I'm not a prude by any means... I LOVE good music (which this was NOT). The average age in there during that time of day was around 35-55 and the stuff coming out of the speakers was pure garbage, not at all fitting for their customer base. We did complain about it and asked them to maybe change the type of music or even  just turn it down a bit, but were told that the servers and bussers like it and it helped keep them lively... How nice!  So in conclusion, my review is mixed: a lot of their waitresses are terrific, some of their menu items are really good (but the fish fry has changed from what it used to be, and not for the better), and the OTB venue is great... But the music and volume is not pleasant for eating or conversing by, the beer selection kinda sucks, and the prices are too high for what you get (especially happy hour)... And  actually it makes me kind of bummed that they have changed so much so that we don't go there anymore :'( But if some things improve, maybe we could be regulars again!
4	This is a wonderful place with excellent food reasonably priced. A ton of TVs and quick service. Wish I'd found it earlier.  Excellent burgers and amazing mac and cheese (add the diced chilis!)
3	I am torn in writing this review because I have been going to Padre Murphy's for years without issue but my last visit really disappointed.My husband and I both ordered burgers for lunch - I got the party melt and he had the mushroom burger. I have ha these before and they were always delicious so I thought it was a sure fire bet.We both ordered are burgers medium well. When the food came out, it took the waiter a long time to check on us - I ended up calling him over. My burger was very dry and the party was swallowed up by the bread and bland fried onions. It was also cooked well done, but I didn't feel like waiting for another burger because we had our daughter with us. I didn't say anything to my husband but asked for ketchup for the burger. Then my husband mentioned that his burger was dry and overcooked and he didn't want to eat it so we called the waiter over again. At this point, I kindly reminded him that we had ordered our burgers medium well and these were clearly well. He then started arguing with me. He said if I wanted it slightly pink I should have ordered it medium rare! I told him my experience has always been that slightly pink was medium well. Nonetheless, we asked for a new burger for my husband. By the time it came out, we needed to leave so we asked for it to be put in a box. It was - and with nothing else - no fries or anything. We didn't get an apology, we didn't talk to a manager and we didn't get a discount on the bill. The only thing that really bothered me was the arguing... After all, it's not the waiters fault if the food is overcooked.One last thing - I ordered a tall mixed drink and got a short instead... Minor but relevant.This was the first time I've been really disappointed here but it was enough to make me write a review. Normally the food and service is great and we love to be able to take part in OTB. Let's hope it's better next time!
3	No more karaoke. :(
1	Been going there for months... Tuesday Blues Night, great music. Food is basic bar fodder +/-. Drinks par.Went in on a slow night tonight, sat center of room in front of stage... no waitress in sight, waited 10 minutes without service. Frustrated went to the bar directly as the manager/bartender (Ashley) watched me walk up... she disappears into the back. Wth? When she finally returns she ignores the south side of the bar entirely... prompting me to walk all the way around the other side waitress station... to get her attention. I indicated my challenge in trying to get a drink.... indifference. Finally got a poorly mixed drink, tipped a buck... that I now want back.I might go back to visit the bands but... I will eat and drink at different establishments where professional service is the standard and the guests are treated as such.
1	Roaches on the bar? Kitchen closed at 10;15 PM? What happened to this place? YUCK!!!! Caught a roach on the bar and put it in a glass upside down. No apology, the barkeep just put it on the other side of the bar near other employees standing around talking!! The counter was dirty and there was trash on the floor and under all the counters!! Where is the health commission? I used to love this place but I can't drink and not eat. dui alley is right there and it's only 10:15!! Still very hungry sounds like bad management. Thank god off site betting keeps them alive but damn this place is filthy. They should be embarrassed but I will take my business back Mellow Mushroom where the kitchen is always open and the bar is clean
1	been going here for 20 years.this place has 40 tvs. its a sports bar. they fire the best managers and bar tenders and hire some clueless female manager that plays an 80s loop of music during the baseball playoffs and coyotes game and will not even listen to what all the customers want.food great management terrible.going down hill.hand air dryers in bathroom to save a penny stupid
1	once again the new manager/bartender,Ashley has destroyed another night of great sports with her terrible attitude and cluelessness to put on the proper game on main tv Monday night was game 5 of world series,and she chose to put the Monday night football game on main screen with sound.get a clue.their is a reason no one comes in or sits at bar when she is there.
2	Went in during the week and place was not busy at all. Sat at the bar and waited a while for service and when the bartender did come over she seemed annoyed that I asked about happy hour and what beer was on tap. I will not be back anytime soon even though I have always liked this place.  I am in the business and can tell you that poor service turns away guests before bad food when it comes to the bar business.
4	As with most bars the service tends to be hit or miss but the food is nice and greasy.  All and all not a bad place to hang out..
3	Not a bad place to hang out or swing by for dinner, but it's pretty pricey in terms of drinks and the food is meh. Sandwiches are always very salty and the meat doesn't seem so fresh. However, if you're here just for beer or UFC night, it is a pretty decent place to relax with friends. Karaoke night is fun too.
3	I'm finally getting around to writing a review of this place. I have had several items in the menu and most are pretty good. The only thing that I did not like was the chili. More of a preference thing than anything else. Their preparation has several types of different beans and the meat they use is chunky. Not ground beef, which I prefer.  Some of the sandwiches that are good are the Reuben and the Patty Melt. My favorite dish so far was the chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy which also came with a side of steamed vegetables. Other than that, I enjoy this place for watching games and just relaxing. Parking can be a bit dicey sometimes so get there early for your game. Also, they do have a large patio that you must walk through to enter the bar. This Patio however reeks of smoke no matter the number of patrons out there. That is a drawback for me but may not bother others.   The reason for 3 stars?  The place is not always the cleanest, the food is usually good but lacks even one item that I'm dying to come back for, and the waitstaff always looks pretty rough like they just rolled out of bed.
1	once again padre Murphys continues to provide substandard coverage of currant sports events. the Olympics are  and their watching collage basketball. no sign of Olympics on any of their 60 TVs. ask to Chang channel and manager says one person wants to watch east cost collegebaskitballs... then put on olympics on 1 tv in corner. maybe owners should be more concerned about tv than wiping down tables. same thing for last 2 years. manager of sports bar should have a clue
3	3.5 Padres is a North Phoenix "icon" but that does not mean I have to love each time I am there right? I like most of the food. The drinks are all good. The service is usually good. The live band "western bred" was really cool people. The rest is just ok. There was nothing that was outstanding or terrible. Just a good old bar. I know the ST Paddys experiance is a good time here.
4	Been visiting Padre Murphy's for years! Always dependable for some good Irish food and definitely the fried fish. Love the fact you can eat drink and bet on races at the same time at the same place what more could you ask for?
1	while on the phone tonight around 7pm creating a large take out order with Lorna, my phone had issues. I called back to complete the order. during that call, my phone unexpectedly muted itself. after figuring out the issue, I said hello dozens of times.  seconds later, I hear Lorna and her coworker cussing and complaining about my phone issues. im not sure why she didnt hang up the phone before starting her venting. I heard the words f***ing b**ch, wasting my time with her bullsh**. her coworker told her to tell me to call back at 10 pm. I would not call back. you serve the customer when the customer approaches prepared to make an order. this was my first and last experience with this establishment. I wont hesitate to share my experience with friends,  family, coworkers, social media, etc. there is never an excuse to be that sloppy.
3	Its been awhile since we have been here. It was "quite" busy for a random Thursday...so gotta send a shout out to our waitress Heather...we would for sure sit in her section again on our next visit."However we were disappointed in the $3.99 for 1 pretzel and they had"No" poppers that were listed on the Happy Hour menu!!!"
2	Cool place, but do NOT get the chicken. Mine was like rubber, I had to send it back and just didn't eat. So gross. Dirty place. But seems fun if you get drunk
1	The fish was too thin and batter was cooked past crunchy, took alot longer than normal to get...  should have just asked for my money back. As for the place being clean, they must have read the bad reviews on here,  it was in good order... I did notice that most of the staff were basically wondering around doing nothing. All the TVs meant nothing to me as I don't care for sports of ORBit,  why did I come to this place...
4	First off, this review is based primarily off atmosphere on Fridays and Saturdays when I stop in... Plenty of TVs and the OTB gives you something to do while you hang out. I generally go to watch something and from my experience this is one of the top places to experience a big race or big game... There is always a solid crowd, the waitresses are generally the same which I think says a lot about a place... This is my go to place for a game when I'm in the West Valley... Should be an example for a lot of the newer bars around there.The food is bar food, the menu is better than a standard bar but if you're looking for a great food experience this may not be your place. There is nothing wrong with the food, but it won't necessarily blow you away.For me it's easily the best "Sports Bar" in the West Valley.
3	The food is okay. Some things are good with a little tweaking like grilled bbq wings with hot sauce tossed on top....nachos....salads...burgers. stay away from dinners. Extremely bland. Happy hour is overpriced. Wait staff is sufficient for the most part, a few go above and beyond. The worst thing about the Padre Murphys experience are the degenerate gambers. Some if them on the patio come in every day, chain smoking cigarettes , throwing tickets all over the floor and dont order anything. Just stinkin up the joint.
5	Best garlic fries and spinach dip around and OTB. Great atmosphere. No good deserts though tried them all no good ones.
5	Great fish fry on Friday's and the service is always 5 star! Tory, our waitress, also gets 5 stars for her professionalism! Thanks Padre Murphys!  :-)
1	I used to go here all the time when I moved to Phoenix for the all you can eat Friday fish fry.  Well as they say in New York forget about it because it's no longer an all you can eat do on Friday nights .  Now their a new policy is to give you 6 very thin and small pieces and if you want more its 2.25 per piece after that!  I opted out and now I go to Santisi Brothers.
1	What a dump. Sitting on the patio with a large group. We came late and 20 minutes no waitress. Couldn't get the order straight, just garbage service and mediocre bar food coupled with Luke warm beer. Manager finally got involved and it kinda got sorted out. Now I remember why I don't come here but it was a ping away party. Never again
4	I like the place, not so loud you can't think. The food is good every time I have been there. Chili is my favorite along with the wings. Nice place for my executive weekly meetings - OK its really just a great place to have a beer or two. I just had there Carrot Cake and it was really good but next time I'm going to try the Jack Daniels Pecan Pie. 2 thumbs up (Oh and Mary has been our server for a few times and she is personable and friendly). Great place!
1	Never had such horrible service in my life. Not the type to complain at the restaurant but I can imagine that not touching your order even though you ordered it would imply that something was wrong. Our waitress never asked nor cared. The service is so horrible I couldn't imagine it being any worst. Ever the beer we ordered came to us at room temperature. Thank you Padre Murphy's for ruining our afternoon.
4	Great place to come and have a drink and watch a few sports games or bet on the horses. They also have otb  on dog racing. The food is average bar food.
