4	Pretty tasty wings. If you have a rental and have some time get an order for your hotel room and munch on them when you get home from the club or casino. They also have a tasty philly and yes..it does come with chesse whiz.Can't speak for the pizza but I'll have to give it a try when I go back.BTW..you can eat in too but the AC is pretty weak and it gets stuffy in here but they do have beer!
4	I love their food!  Their pizza is yum, their calzones are yum, their fingers & wings...mmm.  You wouldn't guess from the outside that they'd actually have decent food.  Their remodel did make it look a lot better on the inside though.  My office orders lunch from here often and it's a little pricey for pizza and wings but well worth it!
4	A guy from a liquor store recommended this place to me a couple of years ago. Since then, I've been to this place every time I'm in Vegas. I've only tried the pizza & wings. Both are GREAT for those late night drunken munchies! Right down the street from the Stratosphere.You can easily tell that this is where the locals go for pizza.
3	Simply put. Order the food not the pizza.
4	I enjoy the pizza here.My only complaint is the staff.  Some of the RUDEST customer "Service" I have experienced in LV.  The young lady that works the counter should be fired and replaced.  Try and think of me as the guy THAT PAYS FOR YOUR DOORS TO STAY OPEN.Tuesday is 2 for 1 pizza but you have to ask for it.  So don't forget.
4	This is the place me and my LV Fam crew usually come to eat on a tuesday night. Its 2 for 1 pizzas at around 9pm or so.  Great place to eat but to people not from vegas, the location of this place might not attract most.  Their pizzas are okay, just average.  The interior is really crappy compared to other Boston Pizzas I've been to, so expect something different if you've been to other Boston Pizzas before.  Good appetizers and other side dishes though. When you order wings, 20 will be enough for 2 because their wings here are pretty huge.  My favorite appetizer is their fried mushroom, really goes great with the pizzas and wings.This place is right across of the big OG strip club though which shares the same parking lot, which I use as the legend point to find this place easier because I guarantee you will miss the Boston Pizzas sign if you'v e never been here before.  But the OG sign is big and bright which is pretty hard to miss and shares the same parking spot.  So ladies, if your man is taking long to use the restroom, he might be in OG's using the restroom there.
4	A Vegas hidden gem.  Solid cheesesteaks (not fantastic, but ok), okay pizza...solid wings...and if you go late, the strippers from the place next door come in after their shift to chow down.  Probably should be 3 stars, but I've had too many good times here to rank it less than 4.
5	Awesome food!!! We were impressed... we had the Boston Special pizza and LOVED it... We will be back for sure!
5	We stopped in here for a late night/early morning pizza an were very impressed.  We came back the next evening for dinner and had the chicken wings.  Both were excellent!  The best pizza I've had in Vegas. The wings were very good as well, although the medium sauce wasn't very hot.  The came with a drink and a huge side of fries for $7.99.  A great deal.  We'll definitely be back they next time we're in Vegas.  My only request for improvement here: ditch the Pepsi and get Coke!
5	Best fingers, best ranch, best phillies, and awesome meatball subs!! Not just in town, but EVER!! Food is great and the location makes it easy to grab a bite without being too far from a good night out on the town!! LOVE IT!!
3	Ordered from here the other day. Overall not terrible, but not outstanding. The crust was good; however, it was just too greasy which equals soggy pizza. The flavor was good and delivery was reasonably fast. Overall, not sure if I will retry or not.
5	Really great pizza, lower prices than other local places, other great food, hole-in-the wall :) Do it!!!
1	Pros:  Manager did everything she could do make me happy.  I ordered a pizza for delivery to my hotel on my trip to Vegas.   It was with out a doubt the worst pizza I have ever tried.  The cheese didn't  taste right, the crust was like a soggy bread.  I literally could not eat one slice and pizza is my favorite food.  My thinking has always been that there is no such thing as a terrible pizza.So I called to tell them and the manager was great.  She said to pick something else and they would bring it by.  I chose the chicken parm grinder and that was also way below standard.  I squeezed the chicken and a lot of bad looking oil came oozing out.   The roll was pretty good.  I ended up just eating that.Maybe they were having a bad day but based on my experience, beware!Pizza 0/10Chicken Parm 2/10Fries 3/10Delivery speed 4/10Manager 10/10  -thanks for trying
3	Ordered from here on the recommendation of the night staff at the Stratosphere.Me (drunk): "Hey guys.  So, uh, who can I call to get some pizza delivered this late.Them (not drunk): "bork bork bork Boston Pizza bork bork bork, bork bork bork *hands me menu*"Me: "Huh?  Boston pizza?"Them: "Affirmative bork"Me: "... thanks man... I really need to get some food in me, all I've had to eat since I woke up today was beer.  I can barely understand what you're saying.  And I'm from Boston, too, man.  I'm wicked excited."Them: "Ha ha ha ha ha, bork bork bork bork bork."  One of the agents interjects, "ominous bork bork bork."Me: "*looks at menu* WOW, look at all this... pizza.  Wow.  So much pizza.  This is nuts.  Eleven bucks?  That's cheap!  Thanks guys!"I called up and fumbled my way through ordering a large pizza with extra sauce, extra cheese, and black olives - my standard pizza, in the process confusing the hell out of the poor guy on the other end of the phone and apologetically told him that I was extremely intoxicated.  Now, for the life of me, I seriously cannot remember what exactly the ominous note that the front desk agent threw in, but it may have been one of the following:1. Extra cheese was probably unnecessary.  Jeeeeeesus christ, that pizza had a metric freakin' ton of cheese on it.2. The cheese, while not BAD, was lowest-common denominator mozzarella and mega greasy.  Considering that I had like 32lbs of it on my pizza, this made for a pretty greasy pie.3. Extra sauce was also probably unnecessary.  The sauce was pretty thick and rich as it was.  A little on the acidic and salty side, but not bad.4. The crust was actually about as cooked as I liked it, meaning that it was pretty lightly done rather than crispy.  The dough, however, was a bit sweeter and tangier than I expected.5. Although it really was not a bad pizza, it was not a Boston-style pizza - it doesn't have the Boston/NY-style thin/foldable crust... it's pretty standard, rest-of-America-style pizza.All told, while it wasn't hardly the best pizza I've ever had, it was precisely what I wanted at that moment: a simple pizza as ballast for all of the alcohol in me... the sort of pizza that's always there when you need it, like that bro who's kind of thick, but always has your back and keeps the engine running out front, you know?  The pizza passed the hangover test, too: it was still alright when I stumbled out of bed mumbling about winning a Camaro the next morning even though it wasn't refrigerated (w00t, keepin' it classy), and I didn't actually end up eating again until fairly late the following night because it was probably the most fattening thing I'd eaten in at least a couple months.
4	Very tasty, and priced very well too! Just a short drive from the middle of the strip is this yummy pizza. Crust isn't cripsy thin, or super fat, but just right. The cheese was a little thick for my taste, but it was darn good. We scored a medium cheese for just under $10, and that was plenty for two of us. It said online that they deliver to the strip, but then they didn't, so meh. Either way, I thought it was worth the trip!
4	I love this place because they deliver or I can dine in when I need to escape. The menu is huge. And there are daily lunch specials. I will say that if you are going to order delivery (do it  around 11:15 or your lunch might not come until after 1:00 p.m.). The prices are pretty reasonable. The staff inside the restaurant have been there forever. It is a little dingy inside, but the food is good. I am a fan of their 6" inch pizza special. I am also having a love affair with their French fries. I don't know what they do to make the fries so good (I think there might be crack in them)...but man they are tasty.
5	This is the only place we order pizza from if we are too lazy to cook. Their pizza is fantastic. Their delivery is super fast (except late at night, but that's understandable). Their prices are pretty cheap as well. Love it!
1	They have the absolute worst customer service! My work has ordered over 20 times & every time is the same way. I just tried to place my order for lunch today & the man on the phone started yelling at me. That is not how you do business. Time before this, they got our order wrong & it took another 45 minutes to get it & we couldn't eat cause we missed lunch. NEVER again will we order food here again! Worst experience EVER! Don't waste your money! Broadway is wayyy better! 702-259-9002
1	I have been to this restaurant before because i attend a comedy show across the street every Saturday night.  I took my friend in with me for the first time and tried to order a cal-zone.  I asked for the cal-zone to be made with no peppers on onions on half, to this reply they stated this is impossible and they can not do this.  I spent 3 years working in a pizza restaurant and know this is completely something they would have been capable of.  I was even nice enough to explain how to make it and they still refused to make what we wanted.  Not only did they refuse but they had a horrible attitude in regards to it.  In fact the first guy that was helping us left without saying a work then another female came up and had even a worse attitude problem.  I even asked if I could speak to the guy who would make the pizza and explain to him how to do it and the continued to say no.  At this pizza restaurant its either THEIR WAY OR THE HIGHWAY, if you have  any allergies or do not like certain things on your pizzas/calzones I would recommend NOT going there. In face we left and ordered pizza hut and got 3 times the food for the price and the way we wanted it.
4	Granted I have been here in a while, but this was one of my favorite places to eat for wings. They also have one of the best Philly Cheese Steaks in town. Interestingly, I'm not a fan of there pizza, it's not bad, but it ain't going to knock your socks off. But the cheese steak and wings are definitely worth going.
2	I can't decide if Boston Pizza is wonderful or if it's the devil. When we first moved downtown, almost two years ago, it was fantastic. I really loved the crust on their pizza and there's a ton of sauce on it. Delivery was prompt and always correct.In the last six or eight months, something changed. The crust tastes like Domino's now (not good) and the last two times I've had their delivery, it's been incorrect. And slow. I do like their two-fer Tuesdays but not enough to have them screw up the rest of the meal I order (usually a meatball sub and an order of onion rings).I like that their onion rings are battered rather than breaded. They're so good! If the rest of the food and the delivery keeps going downhill, though, we'll become regulars of Albo's instead. Win me back, Boston Pizza - I really want to like you again!
3	-Slow service (I think they were catering to phone calls first, there was only 3 people in the establishment and it took 40 mi-Super busyyyyyy (inside & phone calls)-Lots of indoor seating-Awesome wings-Pizza is a-ok. I've had a lot better.. super doughy & super greasy - be prepared with napkins-Customer service is whatever, definitely nothing special.-Lots of parking-They seem to have a lot of regulars since it got busy after we got our food... seemed like a hole-in-the-wall, family, local kinda spot.We were in town getting my car fixed and was craving pizza. I probably won't be back here since I'm not from the area, but it satisfied the pizza craving.
5	I remember eating at Boston Pizza back in Hawaii years ago.  I remember it being really good and having huge slices.  I went to their website and WHOA! Two for Tuesdays....guess what day it was when I found out  Boston Pizza was in Vegas? The stars must've aligned and it was fate....unless you are one of those that believe that there is too much randomness and coincidence in the world to conclude a causal relationship between the day, the stars, and pizza.  Anyway, I got the signature Boston Pizza, large. My free pizza for this deal was a large Pepperoni. I had pizza for almost a week! Yeah, 16" pizzas may not be much, but these guys are generous with their toppings! Heck I ate this the next morning for breakfast (cold, the second best way to eat pie) and I also did the pizza warm up trick on the stove where you place the slice on the pan to reharden the crust and warm up the toppings at the same tiime. The pizza doesn't taste "corporate" (e.g. Pizza Hut or Dominos).  I don't know, it's like homemade pizza without the fail.  Heads up, you will end up parking next to Olympic Gardens so I'll leave it at that.
1	The worst customer service, and the longest delivery time I've ever experienced! After 2 hours the food showed up cold, the fingers were burnt, and the pizza crust was burnt as well. I posted pic's so please view them. Never again to return!
3	I love their gyros! It was one of the best. $6.99 special and you'll get fries & a drink. It was delicious.
1	I ordered for delivery from work. I made sure they delivered to my work before I ordered. THEY made sure to get my WORK phone number so they could contact me when they arrived. They told me it would be 45 minutes. After an hour I called and the guy said the driver was on the way. After an hour and a half I called again and he said they were busy and the driver was on the way. After an hour and 45 minutes I called and they said the driver was waiting outside my work and called multiple times. I asked what number and they said the one from the caller ID. I told them I don't get service from inside my work and I told them to call my work phone and asked why they didn't use it when they asked for it. We got in an argument and he told me he didn't want to send his driver back and I told him to keep his (bleeping) pizza.
2	They said i was out of their zone, and had to talk with them for 15 minutes to explain to them that I am in their zone after the same person kept putting me on hold and hanging up on me.I will rate it better when i try their pizza, ordered somewhere else in between trying to confirm i'm in the area and getting hung up on.
1	Worst pizza I've had it's insane how they managed to still stay open
2	I have to say that there are pros and cons to this place.  I have been going to Boston Pizza for 6 years now.  wow!Anyways...A few years back, the service was superb; as well as the food. As of now the food is ok, the service is horrid.  I might go once in a while with some friends from out of town just for the heck of it, but I would not consider it a great place to frequent on a regular basis.The MANAGER/OWNER'S DAUGHTER is causing this place to loose a lot of it's customers!!!  The word is out.
5	I will say, my boyfriend and I were pretty drunk by the time we got here... but I can't help but give them a 5 star. The pizza was AWESOME! We are both picky on what pizza we like but, happily agreed that their dough/crust was amazing. It really makes the pizza and they made it perfectly.We ordered a sausage, jalapeno, extra cheese pizza and a side of mozzarella sticks. (both amazing) but we probably could have done without the extra cheese.. they were very generous!Another great thing, they are open LATE! Their pizza was even better the next day. Great prices, fast service, and really good food.
5	This has been my go-to spot for years when I'm craving spicy chicken fingers, and they never let me down. The super spicy vinegar buffalo style hot sauce makes my mouth water as I type this. I've had other things. Burgers, pizzas, even the pasta dinners they offer are all up to par and above bar food IMO. It's a decent size place that you can dine in or call in Togo. Open 24 hours and basically in the parking lot of Olympic Garden. Daily/weekly specials and great prices. Pretty sure it's a family owned and operated spot. They are always courteous, and genuinely kind. Oh and get a side of ranch no matter what you order, cuz the ranch is just that good.
5	We always get a bucket of wings, medium and a bucket of fries. They are always amazing and their Ranch is to die for!! I have had other items on the menu like cheese steaks and pizza. All of it was good but for me the wings are by far the best thing they make!!!
3	Good enough food, but their delivery people leave a lot to be desired. Snotty, sneering teens with bad attitudes and surly manners. Here I am sitting with my arms pull of food and he wants me to sign the slip, I say I cant, so he says " well give me the damn food back then, duh. ". Sneered and snorted as I put the food down on the floor with no help to sign his slip. You can get the same quality food elsewhere w/out the service with a sneer.
1	the first time i visited this place i enjoyed it a friend took me there.The food was very good. However i took my family there about a week ago and we ordered a large pizza and twenty hot wing.When we were called to get our food i ask the woman at the counter with twenty wings they only gave us one serving of ranch sauce. So i ask for another one and she said no cause only one came with the order.I could purchase another one for .75 additional. But if i would have ordered two ten piece then i could have two sauces. Then proceeded to argue with me about it so with that being said I will never Go back there again. If they took the time to argue with me instead of making me happy as a customer.So my advise if anyone decides to go there please take your own sauce.I gave this place one star cause of the food its actually better but the service brought it down too that.
5	This place is always spot on. It can certainly be a little on the greasy side, but on the rare occasions that I actually order pizza, I want to indulge. The price is great in comparison to the proportion and the staff is always friendly (even when really busy).
5	We wanted to try a local resteraunt off the strip.  We were tired of the big glitzy hotel dining and wanted to feel the atmosphere and taste and price of a good old fashion type of resteraunt.  Boston pizza did not disappoint my taste buds at all.  I would recommend this place to any tourist or any local.  By far the best pizza ever. Good service with a smile.
4	I've never had a good pizza delivery experience in Vegas. Boston Pizza changed that. It's Friday night and I stayed in with a friend and a lot of wine. A lot of wine later, and this place is the only one willing to deliver. Also, holy mother of Thor, are they GOOD. Not even just "I'm drunk and hungry" level good; I mean, legit good.
4	We ordered the Boston Special, it was delicious. The dough is amazing and the pizza was not greasy. Parking was plenty and the lady was friendly to me. I will go back to try the wings and ranch sauce along with other menu items.
1	Quite possibly the worst pizza & service ever!!  The pizza is under done, doughy crust  and no sauce. When I brought up the condition of the pizza, I got an evil look and an argument before the late night cook/phone operator told me to F off, get the F out & don't come back. So be careful if you don't like what they make. Never giving them my $$$ again!!!!
4	Its my 2nd visit, we ordered the special and it was great. we also ordered the gyros and it was light, but not the real deal.
5	Ordered the wings fries and pizza, amazing meal!, wings to die for fries greasy with a crunch and pizza superb. Definitely recommend and will be going back
2	The pizza was just ok -  not bad but not good.  I have heard the philly cheese steak sandwich is good, so I may give this place another shot.
5	The location is easy to find since its right on Las Vegas blvd right across the parking lot for the OG. There are no frills inside or outside of Boston Pizza.  It is like an old local sub shop on the East coast.They have one of the best chicken cheesteaks I have had and I have had plenty.  Good American cheese with peppers and onions on a lightly grilled hoagie roll.  It is spectacular. Unfortunately I wasn't impressed with their pizza but they have many other items on their menu.
4	Good Afternoon Vegas!I'm sure you are all busy and wouldn't want to read this, but...  I am proud to say that Boston Pizza has stepped it up!!!  The food is great and the customer service has improved! Way to go.BTW... If you are in Vegas "What happens in Vegas DOES NOT STAY in Vegas"Lol :)
3	SERVICE: Very, very slow delivery (55 min within 1/2 mile radio) The lady on the phone was not necessarily rude, but very dry... Not even a thank you after the conversation... Bad overall THE PIZZA: very, very cheese, i guess its good. Great crust flavor, crisp edges. Good when compared to the others in the area. I might consider doing business again, but either for pick up or dine in, and hopefully get treated better face to face.
4	Ordered a pepperoni pizza to be delivered to me Saturday afternoon. Delivery time was accurate, approximately 45 mins. I have not had a lot of good pizza since moving to Vegas, and I was very impressed with how good their pizza was. Comparable to Pizza Hut, but better in my opinion. Will definitely order again.
5	Best pizza in Vegas... Best wings in Vegas... Fastest delivery in vegas when guy in black corolla delivers, always nice! LOVE LOVE LOVE
5	If you are looking for a place that have consistently fed the local community and tourists with their down-to-earth pizzas and other items on the menu for decades, this is definitely the spot! We were introduced to Boston Pizza by a local friend and it turns out to be a LV local gem! We ordered large Meatlovers and they were simply wonderful: generous size, generous toppings, easy salt, thick pizza but easy on the dough, perfectly balanced sauce and cheese and other toppings to ensure beautiful texture and taste. One caution for the pretentious few: this place is very fast-paced because they are all busy making or delivering fresh, hot pizzas and other items around Las Vegas, so if you need crushed pepper and cheese packets or extra napkins, simply speak up and they will take care of you in no time. Will definitely go back there again this coming week!
1	If there was a negative to this review, this place would have it. This review is for the customer service experience.First of all, the business is in LAS VEGAS so don't be surprise if someone gives you an out of state phone number. Second of all, what does that mean "i don't know where that is" when i give you an address. How about a GPS?? Third, I called to make a delivery order and instead of telling us they don't deliver to the area i was renting at, the worker rudely laughed and hung up. TWICE.Now, i don't care how good your food is and how many good reviews you got but you should have some respect for your customer if you're a true business owner. Enough said!
1	This place is NOT what the reviews make it out to be at all! Pizza is too greasy . I ordered chicken wings (10) sauce was on the side and in a little container I used it all up with TWO chicken wings come on now!!! (Picture of sauce attached) The guy on the line seemed so blaaah not pleased at all that I was placing an order.
4	Pizza is streamly good! Must try! On the other hand the chicken fingers we got 1/2 bucket fingers but unfortunately they were hard and too greasy :/
1	Used to come here back in 2009 and the food was great. Driving by today I decided to stop for a late lunch to kill some time with my beau ! I was extremely disappointed with my chicken Philly and wings along with zucchini chips..this was a horrible meal. Bland all the way around.. maybe they changed owners or something
2	First mistake? we did not call ahead and order our pizza 30 minutes prior, second mistake? We ate there on Tuesday, the 2 for 1 large pizza deal...  This pizza is not really good hot right out of the oven, very greasy, it gets better after it has cooled off and the grease has congealed a bit, now go take some cholesterol medicine and enjoy!!!
4	Ordered a large Shroom Za with my dad about an hour ago; ate it in the shop.  -Dough was sweet, very light and airy, with a surprising volume to it.  -Cheese was real Mozz...not "white cheese".-Shrooms were freshly sliced and full of flavor, we ordered extra and we got extra!Overall, good value, good taste.
4	I work graveyard shift and order food from here 2-3 times a week. I have tried most of the menu and can't think of anything that I didn't like. The service is friendly and every time I call they remember me by name.
4	Boston's pizza is amazing. The location isn't ideal, considering it's right next to a gentleman's club just at the end of the strip. The food never disappoints. Whether you are sober or drunk this place will always be delicious. They make their own ranch which is to die for. I could just drink it like water, just kidding. But really, everything is good there. I always get the wings and philly cheese steak. Only bad thing--- they give you 1 refill on your drink then after that you have to pay for refill. Also, the wait is extremely long when there's a few people ahead of you but that's fine because it's all worth it.
4	I've been a local to this spot for several years now and I've also recently started making reviews. I actually ordered this for delivery and it usually takes 30-45 minutes. The location is a little bit meh, but the food and taste will definitely hit the spot. The price is fair for the portions they serve. The wait is a little long, but your mouth will water once your number is called.
2	50 minute delivery sweet. Order arrived correct sweet. Sauce spilled in bag everywhere, not sweet. Pizza toppings all tossed in the middle. Half my pizza has no toppings just cheese. Serious? Fries soggy as hell serious? Driver disappeared right after cash gone. Never restated order , confirming nothing. Give me money gone. No have a nice night, just in out gone. I appreciate the food from here when done right, but tonight it was done disastrously. We tossed it out and hit 7-11.
5	Looks can be deceiving! This is a hole in the wall place but the food is Amazing!!! Best Philly steak in town!
1	well for starters,if you place an order and you are paying with your credit card they one run the card over the phone then they delivery and need to verify the credit card and they want to make a copy of the entire credit card.. hello that is illegal.. I work in retail and I know you cannot have the full account number.. and if you refuse to give them your entire account number they get nasty and rude and take your food back, you call to talk to the managers and they don't care.. they tell you not to buy there.. I have been double billed by this company and have disputed the charges.. next time I will order on purpose and report them to the proper authorities.. they deserve to be punished for ignoring the laws.. and the food really is not that great.. I have not ordered from them nor have any of my co workers or my friends.. shame on you for not protecting your customers privacy..
4	Super late night grub! Can't go wrong with Boston pizza! It's cheesy and full of flavor! We also ordered a 40 PC chicken wings w/ranch. Now that ranch is no joke! It's nice and thick but creamy tasty. Wings weren't that great. It seems that the later time you come they side foods are old and dry. Except (pizza) Don't know if anyone can relate? Last time my chicken wings were old like if they have been sitting under a heat lamp or something. I'm giving it 4 starts because of the disappointing wings
4	went on a late night after some drinking and shooting pool at a local pts the individual i was accompanied by introduced me to this place that ive surely passed by on several occasions and have yet to notice . but did have the chance to enjoy some hot wings which were very tasty and a pepperoni pizza which was not bad but nothing special but all in all the prices were decent and location not that bad either esp. if i enjoyed the stripclub which it is located next to
3	Whoever answered the phone is rude! She seemed like she couldn't WAIT to be fired. Anyway, the pizza is pretty good. The chicken strips are really good. Not sure that I  would order from here again because of the rude attitude.
3	The pizza is great pizza. I'm a Chicagoan who struggles with non-Chicago style pizza but this place hits it. Very close to rosatti's thin if that means anything to you. Not that flappy, soggy New York style butNot quite deep dish. Go for the sausage and onion or the veggie with spinach. The pizza is great, but don't be put off by the staff. The staff are all jerks, low-paid jerks who really don't know the first thing about customer service. It's a dump of a restaurant. So listen, just order your pizza ahead, pay in cash (as they tend to have issues w cards), check your pie and go home to peace. Yum.
5	First off, reading these reviews, take them for seriousness with a grain of salt. Comparing Boston with Pizza Hut? Reviews from Coneheads from the planet Kolob, is more like it. And customer service? These people don't try to kiss your ass, they know they have great pizza, you want it or not, and I am fine with that, I don't like ass kissers. The pizza is great, lots a cheese, lotsa toppings, great crust, decent delivery, and an offer you can't refuse on Tuesdays, 2 for 1. Two thumbs up for Boston Pizza. The rest of you can go get a chain store pizza.
2	Raised the prices, for there small pizzas from 6.99 to 10.99. Okay pizza I paid extra for pepperoni but they only added 4 little pieces of pepperoni. Big plus there open late
4	Tuesdays is the busiest and best day to order pizza.Buy one get one free.Shorter wait times they say.Pizza is so cheesy
5	Big shout out to Boston Pizza!!  Eleni and has a kick ass crew. The Best Pizza specials and the wings are the best. My partner and I work for the RTC and we visit frequently for the Outstanding food. Again those killer wings and the best ranch.. We will see you soon Eleni.. Go Steelers..Thanks Tony
4	I was really surprised when my friend brought me here for lunch one day. It looks tiny from the outside and where it's located, I never would have ventured here on my own. I'm glad we all went as a group though, the food was great and the portions were huge. They have really awesome specials. The food took a bit to prepare but they made it from scratch so it was totally worth the wait. I will definitely be back.
2	Nice location and lots of toppings.  Pizza was soggy and greasy.  Sucks paying for refills and that they don't do pitchers of drink.
3	Open till 4am!  Grabbing a late night bite is What you go to boston's for.  There pizza might not be the best but really good service and some good wings/fingers for it.  Don't let the hole in the wall feel discourage you.
5	This place is awesome! Have tried many different items off their extensive menu and have NEVER had a bad meal and all the staff are friendly. Pizza's are cheesy and the wings and fingers are the best, not to mention the homemade ranch. I drive all the way from the northwest just to get wings. Highly recommend!
3	Straight up pizza joint.  "The old man" from Pawn Stars has advertised their wings on the show many times.  I can't attest for the wings but I can tell ya that the spinach pizza w/feta cheese is a good tangy cheesy and standard fare choice.  My fellow diners had the meaty one and they seemed to approve as well.  Get them while they're hot.  As we pulled in a local vagrant was giving me the stink-eye all the way through to the parking lot.  I give charity to these citizens by not making it a brawling scuffle, because well..  Other than that the pies are good & greasy.  Some people don't like that.  I do.
4	Looking for a non commercial place too get wings while visiting Vegas, a server at our hotel recommend this place. Wings were good, crispy, not that frozen packed your texture..sauce was good though I like a little more heat
5	Best Chicken fingers in Las Vegas! They are always super busy try to order by phone!
1	this place is shitty they tell you they deliver 2.5 miles and dont horrible customer service and i really hope this place shuts down apperently my money no good there dont even bother with this place its a waste og time
1	If pizza is your business stick to that. Worst damn spaghetti I ever had in my life! Meatballs taste like water logs no flavor whatsoever!!!!! Tried to post without a star!!!!
5	I like this place.  I'm hooked on the philly cheese steak with jalepenos.  It's good and I usually don't like philly cheese steaks.  Fries are the fat thick ones and if you get them well done, they are deliciously crispy!
5	Absolutely the best spinach pizza in Vegas! Add mushrooms and if nick is on duty tell him Gary sent you.. Yum!
1	Delivery  said 45 minutes came in 1 hr 1/2 . The pizza was disgusting . So much grease , after blotting one slice with a paper towel I went on to use a second , and third ... Soaked completely through . My hands were covered in grease . I can't believe people actually say this is good pizza! Gross! I was starving and couldn't even bring myself to finish a single piece. Will never order from this place again
2	The food is actually pretty good.  Never had their pizza, but their sandwiches are delicious.  The service is pretty fast.  Usually the older gentlemen that takes orders over the phone is a pleasure to talk to, but the young kid needs an attitude adjustment.
