3	I'm not a huge fan of working out (I mean I do it, and I hate every second, but I do it) but LVAC offers a few incentives that make it a bit easier to get up and go. First, there are tons of people at all hours of the day, so I never feel alone. This is a turn-off for some people, but I like it because there is a bit of a social aspect to the whole idea. I have even made a few friends in my spin class. (We also share a hatred for spin, but insist on going every week). The facility is decent for how big the gym actually is, and I have never had a problem with the cleanliness. There is a women only gym, but it is smaller and a lot of the time smells a little funny. Not bad, just funny. The upstairs area is the big gym and there are big screens and tons of treadmills for everyone. I personally enjoy the group classes because it makes me go at a certain time and I know I will be done at a certain time. There is a pool, spa, sauna and fully stocked locker room. There is also a juice bar with sandwiches and smoothies and protein bars. If I HAVE to work out, then LVAC makes it a bit easier with the amenities included. Cautionary note: While I like when there are people around, between the hours of 5-8 don't even think about going. I really fear the ceiling is going to cave in one day because it is so packed with worker-outers...
5	I've only been a member for a week, but I'm still in awe about how amazing this place is compared to any other gym anywhere. Let's talk price.. $5 to join, and with prepaying my membership, it came down to $15 per month including 1 hour of personal training per month (3 sessions in the first month). How is it so cheap?The facilities rock, and my favorite part is the insane amount of classes... so far I'm loving Body Pump.
2	This club would be ok if it wasn't for the fact that managers will often lie to you in order to secure you signing a membership. When I signed up in late 07, I told the manager "Rona" that I was not able to be locked into a contract, since I'm not actually sure how long I'm here. It's dependent on my husband's job as a contractor. She told me "Oh no problem! Just show your out of state ID when you leave and you can cancel anytime!" Unfortunately that's not the case. They will only take a BRAND NEW out of state ID as proof, along with either job offer or lease or w/e, else they will continue charging you. Even if you DO manage to provide those things, they expect a $50 fee for this.I ultimately ended up leaving due to the fact that the place was starting to get extremely busy even during the wee hours of the night, and the housekeeping was doing a horrible job. C'mon... used bandaids on the floors of the locker rooms? Black dirt all over the floor of the pool areas? Cleaning staff dusting signs right above your head while you're working on machines? Best $50 I ever spent was to get the hell out of that place. The management are a bunch of liars.
1	Pros: Juice Bar, lots of equipment, different packages to choose from.Cons: Way too many people. I couldn't find a treadmill to run on where both my boyfriend and I could be next to eat other. Parking is a nightmare. The salesman are way too pushy. They'll let you try there gym but they take your ID so you have to come back to them. If you say no, then they'll be like alright let me go and get your ID and I'll be right back, then they'll send in someone else and say they had to take a call. I walked right on out to see if he was on the phone and he wasn't. Too busy for the money. I pay less at Gold's Gym and they have the same sort of package offers.What to do? Don't join.
1	I checked this place out recently and thought the facilities were decent.  Not as new as some other places around town, but definitely up there.  However, at the end of my tour the pushy salesman refused to let me try a work out.  I guess he expected me to sign my life away without even working out there once.  Not gonna happen.Based on my experience and after reading some other comments on Yelp about the sales tactics I would definitely avoid this place. There are plenty of other great gyms in the area.
5	I was a LVAC member for 3 years and would still be, if it weren't for the fact that I moved to LA a couple months ago. Wow, I didn't know how good I had it! LVAC: with prepaying, worked out to $15/month, included towel service, AND I got 3 free months when my husband joined up too. Also included at LVAC - free parking. LA Clubs: I scoped out 4 different ones before joining - the high-end ones were $130-175 A MONTH!! I joined pretty much the absolute cheapest one I could and it's $30/month and no discount for my husband joining. If you can find a spot in my club's parking lot, it'll only cost you 25 cents, but otherwise you're stuck with metered street parking. LVAC: In 3 years of working out 5-7 times a week, I never had to wait for a treadmill. Not even once. Not even at 5:30 when it was at its busiest (tip: if you go to the club on Karen, it actually doesn't have a busy time). LA: I go to a couple different clubs and I wait for a treadmill every time. Sometimes 2-3 minutes, sometimes 20, but always a wait. LVAC: Beautiful, brand-new buildings and facilities. New equipment - in fact, every treadmill has a TV and an ipod connector. I've seen some complaints on here about cleanliness, but seriously - the clubs are roomy and the weights are almost always picked up and put in the right order on the racks. LA: No Ipod connectors, no TV (not even a plug so I can listen to what's on the big TVs). The weights are never picked up. Honestly, every time I go, I have to search out 2 dumbbells that are even the same - might be in the rack next to a 70-lb db or maybe on the ground underneath a bench or maybe.... Also, my gyms are not in buildings built for gyms - more like an old office space where you can reach up and touch the ceiling while you're on a treadmill. Add to that the fact that the locker rooms are new (maybe not luxurious, but hey, it's still a gym locker room), they have a pool, hot tub, sauna, and steam room, and childcare is included, and LVAC is amazing. Seriously, how do they offer all this and keep it so cheap?? My message to Las Vegans: enjoy it now while you can - you don't know how good you got it!
5	Been going here for over two years now... The greatest membership I have ever UTILIZED in my life. Key word folks, changed my life in that gym and will always love it for that
4	This place is a very good gym and solid value for the $.  The staff is friendly and they seem to have some knowledgeable trainers available if you like personal training. On top of that wooooohooooo to all the beautiful ladeez (ok $trippers) that work out here every day.  THANKS for keeping me motivated :)Edit:  LVAC owner, how about turning the ladies only gym into a "VIP" room for lapdances?  haha j/k  j/k
4	Yowza, talk about big and clean!  Yes, I'm still talking about an a gym.  I was a guest at LVAC on NYE and I was really amazed that there was so much equipment, two group fitness rooms, a track (with timer) on the perimeter, a weight room for women only, and a huge pool.  They had so many types of equipment, I was able to find all of my favorite machines.  65 minutes of cardio later...I found myself in one of the cleanest locker rooms I have ever been in.  Why are you not in Colorado?!
4	Not going to lie, plenty of people have had a bad experience trying to break the lease agreement at LVAC , and I had an issue with my payment.  I had a Visa Gift card and asked they take money off that and the balance on my credit card which they said they did.  They hadn't they took both off the credit card and did not tell me.I complained and they attempted a couple of times to fix it, but in the end I think they just decided they had spent enough time on it (although they did offer me the chance to cancel the membership).  But let's be realistic most people join a gym then never go, so if your thinking of moving out of Vegas you maybe better off at a nationwide gym.Apart from that I love the gym.  It is modern always full of people, usually they look like the 'after' photos, which is nice to motivate you but I think if your new to the gym scene it may provide a little insecurity about your own progress.  But let's face it most people are motivated by the pain of not having what they want so all in all a good thing for a little personal emotional discomfort.I also do Zumba classes there, I move like a white man made of blocks of wood, but I enjoy the time in the class despite me not really getting any better at co-ordination.   Lots of workout stations, and the place is always full when ever I have been there which again just gives me a sense of belonging to a group of people trying to improve their lives and makes me feel good.They do not allow a free week pass which is the first time in my travels I have found this, but again I personally think these kind of gimmicks are more of a sign that the gym needs members rather than a genuine service.They have membership discounts at various outlets around Las Vegas, somewhere to put the kids while you work out, a running track, pools saunas etc etc.  The place is large and all inclusive.
5	LVAC's "forgot your membership card" policy is one that this anti-bureaucracy girl appreciates.The front door staff will look up your record quickly with a Driver's License, and let you in without a guilt trip. So that's star #1. #2. For $12 a month, you get 24 hour availability, at least 2 fitness class choices every hour from 5 AM- 8 PM (at the Eastern location), unlimited locations, running tracks, swimming pools, body pump, boot camp, yoga, hip hop, steam rooms, saunas. The longer you're a member, the cheaper it gets. I've been a member for 10 years. I paid $20 a month for two years and $120 a year ever since.#3: Outstanding classes. My favorite class is Insane Spin on Tuesdays with Brad at 5:30 PM. He also teaches on Thursday nights. Arrive early. Otherwise all the bikes are taken. Any class with Fatima is also great.#3.5: Smoothies. It's shameful, but I have stopped here before work, sans exercise, just to get a smoothie for breakfast. Their smoothies are better than Jamba Juice, Tropical Smoothie, and Smoothie King. Try the Peach Pizazz or Power Lift.#4: Stretch areas. They have lots of places to stretch.#5: Neon. I appreciate the way our local color is infused throughout the building. Where else can you do a little downward facing dog to the soft glow of hot pink neon?
2	Good place to work out, but OMG if you have problems with their finance department!  I had a membership tied to a debit card and had no problems.  My husband had his attached to his military bank card.  When he had problems with his bank card,  he got a new one.  He called.  He went in.  He could never get it changed.  After some time, he gave up and thought they would just bill him.  Fast forward several years and they sent him to collections.  When he called the finance department to try and get it straightened out, they wanted twice the contract, not even giving him credit for what he did pay.  I looked over the contract (while not rushed by a sales person) and discovered that it was a finance contract, meaning that you purchased two years of services from them and your payment plan is for two years.  Thus, even if you do not receive two years of service from them, you still have to pay them for two years.  No matter what they offer, I will never sign another contract with them again.  DO NOT GO THERE.  There are other places in town.
1	Horribly crowded and oversold.  Try a Gold's or another gym that's not so cheap.  Yes, getting a bargain is important but at what cost?Employee turnover is high, you rarely see the same faces at the front desk.  Probably because they hate their jobs and it shows!And don't let the huge parking lot fool you, most days you will be circling searching for a spot in the very back.Some of the trainers there were half decent but overall, this place is a big thumbs DOWN!
3	Okay, so... other than it being voted the best in LV for gyms and blahblahblah... being clean and etc, etc... I have to comment about a few things I dislike about this location. Now, I have to agree with almost everything that I said in my review of the 95/Rainbow location (http://www.yelp.com/biz/las-vegas-athletic-club-las-vegas-3#hrid:fduxA9RqtwmJmo5afu-I1A) besides the differences in layout, obviously.1. The track is 7 laps around to make a mile. I usually do 3 miles, that's 21 laps... holy cow... too many times have I had to pass the same creepster who moves his head as I pass while he "rests in between sets" ha. 2. There's no bathroom upstairs... that means climbing up and down stairs in case I need to tinkle during my routine!!! AHHH!and 3. I dislike some of the crowd I see here. Many crowds of guys who seem to have no neck, and can't scratch their own back if their life depended on it, and don't do an ounce of cardio, besides the walking they do in between the different heavy weights they lift, with side-baring cut out t-shirts, grunting and yelling as if they were the only ones in the gym, talking about what kind of free sh!t they can get OR WHATEVER random f_cking thing because they're so uber-f_cking cool, LOUDLY, too, so it's not as if I need to be nosey to "overhear"... always looking in the mirror seeing if their muscles grew a millimeter, cradling their gallon jug of water, or some infusion of a sports drink/muscle builder/steroids... wannabe extreme couture, tapout, cage fighter, xyience, affliction, MMA NAZIs... Whew, anyway, you get the point.I stopped working out as often due to my busy schedule. I do go at different times of the day here, and no matter what the clock says, there's still one of the "#3" descriptions seemingly walking around!
5	Convienant locationopen 24 hooursgreat machines and free weight areajust got awesome new cardio equipment as of 12/7/10always clean locker rooms and pool area as someone is cleaning constantlytons of great classes offered
3	Its a good facility with lots of equipment and the staff is friendly and efficient for most part. The classes are also very good and the price is right. However the only drawback I find is that on weekdays the place is very crowd, whether its the gym or the classes, its jampacked and that kind of restricts the options. They have a busy parking lot, a great walking/running track and a women's only gym area as well...For the price and location its good. I would love the place only if it was less crowded.
5	Two of my favorite places in Vegas are my gym and Lied Library.  For some reason I thought I already reviewed this place. The main reasons I love LVAC are:Monthly rates decrease to next to nothing ($12/month) the longer you stay.No BS upon entrance. You can misplace your membership card and these folks forgive it.Insane Spin on Tuesday nights.Body Pump on weekday mornings.Best smoothies in Vegas.Pool, running track, women's gym, nice people...etc.
3	This has to be the busiest LVAC in Vegas...and where the most douchest-make- me-wanna-gag-seeing-your-tats-and-fake-tits type of people that go here. At least during the busier times. It's not too bad if you go during the non peak hours when you can actually have a workout without being visually annoyed.Oh and if I do go during the peak hours, I usually turn my tunnel vision on and ipod up loud to avoid any contact with those kinda peeps.Call me a hater, maybe cuz I'm not as physically beautiful as those people that workout there, but I rather enjoy my workouts not having to see people who purposely show off their tits, tats and muscles. Is it really necessary to do so?Otherwise, nice facility. I love the woman's gym! It's great to do circuit training in.
3	This location has lower ceilings than the others and the neon lights make the place feel a little clubby instead of a serious gym, but at it's heart it's like any other location... classes are good, equipment is adequate, staff is present (not necessarily attentive).
3	It seems funny giving a so so review to a business I go to 6 days a week. This is one of those situations where you make lemonade out of lemons. I got a great deal for pre-paying for a 3 year membership. It is close to home and my workout partner was already a long time member. Don't get me wrong, the place isn't awful. It is just very heavily used. Machines are starting to show their age a little and they are not super fast on updating them. First 3 months of the year are the worst because all the "resolution fatties" hog up valuable gym space. My only other HUGE peeve is their cleaning crew is scheduled for 9AM every day. Really? Prime time is when you have to mop at a 24HR gym? How about 3am? That would make more sense.Until this city get s a nice high end option like Sportsclub LA or Reebok Club, it will have to do.
1	LVAC is fun to work out at! Because finding your weights is like a scavenger hunt. They are (almost) never racked.I'm not the kind that likes to stink up my car with post-work out sweat. I even put up with tne piss-scented showers and having to pay $0.50 to use the lockers (2 quarters).What I do love is that if is fully a 24-hour gym including the snack bar that has a large variety of protein drinks.It almost makes up for having he rudest and most unprofessional employees of any business of any kind I have made ever been to; no exagerations and all kidding aside.
5	I love my gym, I just wish they would update the 'saved by the bell' look. There's a ton of cardio machines as well as weight machines and free weights. They also have a pool, sauna and steam room. They have a nice little juicebar that serves smoothies, sandwiches and even rice bowls. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. I love that they have racket ball and all kinds of fitness classes.
3	It looked very promising from the outside which had me thinking it would be as great as the one on Flamingo off the 215 but it didn't impress me at all.  As big as the exterior was, It wasn't that big on the inside. (that's what she said, about someone else, not me).Like an idiot, I was running all around looking for the restroom on the 2nd floor.  You kidding me? As big as this place is, they could not include a smaller size restroom to make it more convenient for the members.  And wow the crowd here includes a bunch of no neck protein bar eating muscle heads.  I feel weird having a neck now and being able to have the flexibility to scratch my back.  I seriously hope they don't yelp as well or I'm getting my ass beat the next time they catch me here.  I didn't like the the way things were organized as well.  Seemed like everything was too close together.  I'm just so spoiled of the way things are in west Flamingo, expecting other LVAC to all be like it since this is the second LVAC that I have been to.  I just thought people here ran fast as heck but found out the track is actually smaller as well.  The aerobic class rooms are smaller too.  There are racquet ball rooms too on the 2nd floor.  Pool and snack bar are on the first floor along with the women's only room.  I might have given this a 4 star if I haven't gone to the west Flamingo location one first.  That one truly has set the standards for all LVAC.
1	I would give this place no starts if it was not for randi the women who enrolled me last week. I am a triathlete and dancer and I already have a 24hr fitness membership that I adore..however I have a new boyfriend that needs a little motivation to get to the gym and not lie in bed with me..lol  So this membership is my secondary workout place. I live off of eastern and pebble so its super close. One of  the main draws for me was the hours of the playroom..being a singlemother who works fulltime and trains fulltime i needed a place that had a great daycare playroom with the hours i needed..When i walked into the playroom of this gym i walked into the front desk girl screaming a childs name at the top of her lungs..almost a screech..to the point that it rattled myself as well as my boyfriend and my poor 3yr old daughter was crying before i even dropped her out of my arms, The sound of the playroom was like 50 bad ass children just went wild home alone..there was literally a child hanging from the top of the bouncing with none of the staff paying attention to him. I looked around and there was only 5 girls for about 50 kids..i stopped counting kids at 42 because i couldnt see the ones in the tubes but i heard them...my daughter goes to daycare 5days a week and has dance class 3 days a week so she is not a stranger to being in groups or listening to authority figures after some convincing from the front desk staff i reluctantly left my daughter for a short 45 min workout..when i went in to pick her up she was in the same spot i left her hands in mouth crying her eyes out..she had cried so long and hard that she had dried tears on her face and nose...my understanding was if my child did not calm after 10min of leaving her i would be notified..I WAS NOT AND MY DAUGHTER WAS VERY UPSET AND NOT CARED FOR PROPERLY..I was livid and amazed when my daughter saw me and ran to me and 2 staff members looked at her and said where did she come from we didnt see her at all..needless to say I will not be exercising at this location ever again just based on that..flamingo and 215 will have my time when i am not at the more professional, well trained just over all better fitness club named 24hour fitness!!!!!
5	Honestly? The nicest gym I've ever joined for the price. There were always plenty of cardio machines available, including these side stepper machines that I have yet to find anywhere else. I've been a member of multiple Bally's, Gold's, and a few university fitness centers. I've done trials at multiple 24 hour fitness centers, too. So I have some experience with gyms.The machines were all nice and high-tech with ipod chargers and controls, as well as the ability to save your workout. I wish I had a gym like this out here in Ohio.There were plenty of free weights and machines if needed, and the classes were awesome! I miss the yoga classes. Not too crowded, either. One thing most gyms lack is a variety of evening classes, and they had them.
5	This gym is very clean and immaculate. Very friendly and helpful staff and all up to date state of the art equipment. Parking lot has security and is well lit. The classes and schedules are great. Zumba and bodypump and kickboxing are great classes. The locker room and sauna and steam room are all clean and well maintained. Sometimes this place gets too crowded though.
4	When I moved here from Kentucky 4 years ago, I thought this place was the best gym I'd ever seen. My first years I used the steam room, sauna, swam laps in the indoor pool. Nowadays, I do more of the cardio work on the treadmills, elliptical machines lift weights and drink an occasional good tasting protein drink from the juice/snack bar. This place does get relatively crowded and hard to find parking around the 5:00-7:00pm mark but still isn't as busy as that West Flamingo and 215 location. Overall, coming from someone whose worked out at this gym for four years, LVACs and this gym deliver great value.
4	Some say meat market? I say gym! After a week trial of a smaller gym, I was turned off by the eeriness. Only used to my school's gym in Seattle, LVAC feels like much more at home for my workouts. Well-kept location with all the amenities physical activity could drive a person to ask for -  sauna, pool, women's gym, smoothie bar, TVs on nearly every machine, day care, numerous classes, indoor track. To be honest, signing up for a gym was a daunting errand. After being hounded by another gym's representative, I feared that I'd be pressured into a long-time commitment when all I wanted was a three-month membership. Definitely wasn't the case with Larry. He was understand, polite, and very friendly - striking up all sorts of conversation and banter. Signing up for a gym has never been more enjoyable!As for the gym itself, I am definitely a fan. Yes, at times it gets busy, and machines are quickly taken up. But the vast size and array of machinery makes up for it.
4	Best general/ gym in town outside of the new LVAC locations
4	It's tough for me to get to the gym and get motivation to get a work out in.  As soon as I step in the doors, no matter what time, I am greeted promptly.  The lady's locker room is always well kept and clean.  The machines are kept in good condition.  When there is a machine that is broken, it's fixed in a matter of days.  I need to get back in the gym more, and I'm going to keep coming here!The only thing I don't like about a new rule that was told to me is the location for walking lunges.  A hallway next to the stair and the Women's gym is were you can do lunges.  It's dark, no air flow, and it's hard for me to get motivated to do those exercises when you feel don't have space..
4	Stack your weights and use squat rack for squatting
5	New to Las Vegas? Looking for a gym? Checked out 24 hour fitness in Henderson and was not satisfied?  Well you are in the same boat as I was a couple months back!  One thing I must have is a cardio entertainment center and LVAC was the only gym in my area that offered that amenity.  SOLD!  I quickly signed up and became a member.  One thing I love about my membership is that I get the benefit of having monthly personal training sessions without any added fees! SCORE!  Other great things I have noticed about LVAC: *very clean facilities*they have numerous exercising machines so there are many options to choose from*an indoor track!  (AWESOME DURING COLD WINTER MONTHS) *Two separate swimming pool lanes*Two exercise rooms for different classes offered throughout the day I'm sure you have read reviews regarding the myriad of people, but honestly, if you are going to go at peak hours i.e. right after work, OF COURSE you are going to be with the crowd!  Any gym is like that, just accept the fact!  Weekends aren't too bad and I always get my cardio machine with a TV on it whether I go at 10AM, 8PM, or even 12AM.  Still skeptical? Check out the place, take a tour, get a free pass and enjoy! =)
5	I practically live here :) and no one bothers me
2	Good gym but they still have not opened up a wifi connection. Would be nice for Sirius and Pandora music websites. I spend 10-15 minutes at Starbucks etc and get wifi. At the gym 3-4 hours a week and they don't have wifi??
1	Don't do it...They will look for every way to add extra charges once you sign an agreement with them.After being fed up and trying to cancel, their settlement to get out is to pay out 75% of the entire contract...which means they have to bully people into staying with them...nice.)  And all this info will be given to you over the phone with a ghetto-like attitude for customer service.
4	There's not a gym in the world that could ever make me want to give them a 5-star rating, I do not heart working out enough for that to happen, no matter how spectacular the facility.Moving right along, despite all of the negative comments regarding LVAC being overcrowded, I felt compelled to apply my input on the Eastern location.  LVAC offers top of the line equipment, massive amounts of space, along with unique and  interesting options for meeting your fitness needs. From classes at ungodly hours of the morning, to a 24-hour Olympic sized lap pool complete with sauna and steam rooms; LVAC is a fantastic place to reclaim your fitness.As we discuss the topic of overcrowding, I would like to invite anyone who has never lived in Southern California, Los Angeles to be more specific, to add this experience to their list at some point.  LVAC will seem like a deserted island compared to trying to live a wait-free existence in L.A., just sayin.Despite the masses of people, and filled parking lots,  in over 4 years (on and off) with an LVAC membership I have yet to never find a parking space nor experience not being able to use the equipment I need due to overcrowding. Perhaps timing is everything, but either way, as annoying as working out can be,  I feel LVAC makes the chore as pleasurable and inviting as possible.
5	Well If you've ever driven by one of these, the parking lot is always crowded.   They have  it going on....thats why everyone and there momma wants to be a member!   Yea, it's always alot of people there, but guess what!  There prob. thinking the same thing when your there.  They have indoor pools, dry sauna, wet sauna, women's gym , in door track, All the classes you can think of!  I have a friend that is a member of a gym, but has boot camp at another gym so guess what!   She has to pay for 2 member ships plus her boot camp classes....We get it all here if your willing to go to them!  I was a member of another gym, the hours didn't work for me, and the fact that you had to have a I pod or an MP3 player to listen to there TVs  This is my second time around to LVAC.   Ohhhh, did I mention the food!   OMG....A gym with food.....hot food!   Healthy food!  Ahhhhh, I think I did miss LVAC!
4	It's been too crowded here lately. Driving around for 15 minutes looking for a parking spot is frustrating and impractical. It's time to add another gym on the south east side, LVAC.
4	LVAC always provide a large, clean, and fully equipped gym. The spacious atmosphere provides freedom for the mind. I come in here and just forget about the world and day I had.The cardio room with all of the TVs are nice, the machines with individual ones are even nicer, but I prefer the track. I would avoid it during peak hours because some people don't follow the instructions of slow traffic staying on the outside lane. Although there are a few other gyms that I like more than LVAC, they blow some of the other chains out of the water.
1	Was in the middle of an intense workout: walking lunges around the track with 25lb plates in each hand.  A trainer walks up and tells me it's against the rules to do walking lunges on the track.  Really?  Is my lunging putting the rest of the members in danger..? Of course it's fine when the trainers there run a 2 or 3 person dynamic group workout jumping up and down on plyo boxes and so on right were people normally walk to get to equipment..
2	Sigh.I've been a member here for almost a year.  This location is the one closest to my house, so it's pretty much a no-brainer that this is where I do a majority of my working out.  Of all the gyms I have ever joined, this is probably my least favorite.  The staff is not very friendly, the place kinda smells yucky, it's always hot and sticky, and some of the clientele is a little... lunk-ish (I don't think that's a word, but whatever).  Most of the time I use the track, which I love.  Other than that, I always feel a bit out of place.  I'm in pretty good shape, so I usually avoid scrutiny (at least that I know of), but I've heard members making rude comments about some of the older people who work out here, as well as those who are overweight.  I even had someone make comments to me offhandedly about an "orca on the treadmill to the right."  Of course, they didn't realize that I was much, much bigger than that "orca" before I lost weight, but that's beside the point... who goes around saying potentially-offensive things to strangers??  STRANGER DANGER!I'll be glad to move away and cancel my membership... but based on other reviews, I'm assuming that will be a nightmare.  Eeek!
1	ZERO STARS!!! CUSTOMER SERVICE FAIL!!! MAKE SURE YOU READ THEIR FINE PRINT!!!My card on file expired and they charged me a $25 processing fee to run the new card!!!! The membership is only $22 a month and their fee's are 113% of their rate! If I wasn't stuck in my contract I'd happily take my money ANYWHERE else.
3	Meh..I signed up simply because it was relatively cheap, and incredibly close to my house. The gym itself is pretty average in my opinion. It features a large cardio area, and a sufficient amount of machines and weights to satisfy any work-out addict. The only issue for me really is the fact that this gym is always PACKED! It is pretty hard to get in a decent work out pretty much during the hours of 2-7 because this gym is absolutely saturated with people. On top of that the Juice Bar downstairs makes some funky dish with grilled onions and when I come in sometimes, the whole ground floor smells like onions which is not particularly inviting. On top of that I have noticed alot of their cardio machines have gum stuck on them which is a little disgusting.This location was probably LVAC's first big gym. Its 2 stories, with a track that circles around the building and overlooks the parking lot. Since they the gyms have gotten bigger, and probably more crowded. If it wasn't for the fact that I pay less than $20 bucks a month and that it's in walking distance of my house, I would have probably moved on to a different gym by now.All in all LVAC offers everything you need in gym at a decent price, that is if you actually get to use the machines.
5	Yeah This is where I come to work out at after work on m-fNice eye candy here as wellLove it
4	a bit busy,  but this gym is huge with great equipment and great classes. I love the zumba classes. Even with 60 people it is high energy with great instructors!
4	Great gym at a great price.  Open 24 hours a day every day.  Lots of classes all day every day.  Can get pretty busy.  Nice indoor running track and the kids area is fun for the kids.  Alot of people complain about the people who go but honestly, if you are going to work out, who cares what other people are there.
2	I was a member here for six months. It's a decent club but there are entirely too many people. At 5 pm, I expect a gym to be packed. But 5 am? Parking is terrible here. The staff is pretty indifferent when there's an issue and I'd rather pay more for a gym at which I can actually use the equipment sans a 15-minute wait.
4	Great place, love working out here, just a little packed during cetrtain parts of the day.
3	I'm lucky that I'm able to come during a time when everyone is at work, so I can't really comment on the busy times. My biggest complaint? One of the check-in staff is the rudest person I've ever encountered. He never says hi, I have to ask for a towel each time, and he's just straight up impersonal, almost to the point of being hostile. Dude. If you don't like your job, get another one. Everyone else I've ever checked in with manages to make eye contact, say hello, and glance at the screen to know that I get a towel.Other than that, I enjoy coming here because it's clean, fast, and people don't really bug you.
1	It took me a few years to open my eyes at how terrible this place is. Its always crowded! Even at non-peak times. The staff there is the rudest and not the brightest. I once asked the muscle-y guy at the front desk how many laps on the track make a mile and he replied "Oh around 8 or 10". Huh? Which is it? 8, 9 or 10? And sadly, I think he was a manager. Cleanliness? I don't think so. As other people have mentioned, there's always a stink. Like a combo of dirty socks, sweat and I don't know what! Even worse is the playroom. It ALWAYS smells like dirty diapers! I'm ashamed that I actually left my kid here once. Also, I once got a towel that was completely stained with what looked like womens make-up. When I walked over and returned it to the front desk, did I get anything remotely similar to an apology? Nope. Nothing just silence. This has got to be the worst customer service ever!  Finally, one word - FEES! Though it sounds like a deal with a low monthly, there is a fee for everything. There's even a fee if you want to leave! Overall this place is just aggravating!
4	KickA$$ cardio kickboxing class w/ Allison Mims at the 215/Eastern location.  It's so good, I get my lazy butt out of bed at 9am on a SUNDAY to get to her class by 10:30am.  (don't judge me, i'm not a morning person, yes it takes me about an hour get it together).  I don't have to be to work until 1230pm on Sunday, meaning I don't really have to get out of bed until 1145am, the anticipation of a BEATDOWN from Allison gets me out of bed and my day started.Her passion for fitness is amazing, so when she is teaching she is so in the ZONE.  Her music is AWESOME, talk about getting your "funky chicken" on.  I lover her combos, makes me feel like I could actually do some damage :-)The regulars in that class are super nice and make it fun to be there, check her out every Sunday at 1030am 215/Eastern location
4	First of all..I aint skinny, nor I go chick hunting to the gym , nor I go to show off my awesome muscles (that I lack of by the way)nor I go to try to be mister popular ..Im a regular dude that actually goes to work out and want to burn some fatI dont pump iron yet , so my review is more of the cardio part and the structure itself. I go 6 times a week to do Zumba. And love every minute of it. Teacher like JAckie, Evelyn, Cheryl,Teddy and his brother, are what make this classes great! I burn between 700 and 1k calories each hour and they make it super fun with awesome moves. I love my zumba classes and the instructors.They are why I go there almost every day.The classes can get packed so get there early and give it more than one try if you have no rythm. Im peruvian so salsa and merengue are in my blood thus it was very easy to get the ball rolling.Bathrooms are very clean and despite the insane amount of people that are there working out, I never have a problem finding a locker. I was never able to perceive a stink from the facility itself ..People oh yeah people smell but that has nothing to do with the gym per se. It is not their fault that John Doe didnt take a shower for 5 days you know!  Parking is easy. YES EASY..why do I say that? because im not one of those  going in circles for an hour to try to get a spot close to the door. So if you are complaining about it then you should be parking at mcdonalds instead.The front desk clerks are not personal except of 1 or two girls..Seems that they are just there because they couldnt find a better job. Ignore them, they just swipe your card not a big deal.I like the convenience of the car wash at the parking lot. It helped some times. Overpriced? yes .Convenient? yes as well. So it depends on you.The price is pretty decent. At 20 bucks a month with all the options and close to my house locations it was a no brainer. Come by to Zumba if you can and check it out!
1	Don't get me wrong the gym is amazing however the customer service is awful.  Both at the gym and when you call the customer service line, they are incredibly rude.  When you ask to speak to a supervisor instead, they refuse to hand the phone over.  If you do not care about customer service then this gym is huge and has everything you could possibly want in a gym.  However, I want a gym to have better customer service, especially when I am going to sign a two year contract with it.  If you are one who cares about this then do not sign a contract, once they have you they don't care anymore (at least my opinion).
4	I just want to give a shout out to Cassidy the instructor of the bodystep class last night. We were actually going in the gym to workout on the equipment and decided to stop and see what class was starting at 7pm. We have never taken a bodystep class before and the room wasn't over crowded. There was a young lady inviting us in, so we decided to give it a try. I am so glad I did. I really enjoyed her class and I will be visiting her at her location, which is 215/Flamingo on Sat at 1130. Great Work Out Cassidy!
4	You need to be a fan or at least ok with the the big gym-tons of people milling about-strippers and gymrats utopia- in order to be ok with many of the LVACs in town, especially the Eastern and the Flamingo locations.  That being said, Eastern is my favorite location for the following reasons:Its always busy, but its not as bad as the Flamingo location.The stripper factor is lower than Flamingo.Its not ghetto and dark like the Sandhill location.I'm not scared to walk out to the parking lot like a couple of others.I take classes and this location seems to have the best variety and convenient times.PS. Natalie H's zumba class is the best! Come a little early so you get in!
4	I recently signed up at this gym an really love it. All the staff at front counter have been nice an you get friendly greetings each time. I've been at various times during the day an there are always machines to use. There are numerous different machines for working same muscles.  You can always find a machine to use. Juice bar is great an friendly staffed.  Brent signed me up an did great job explaining everything. Never have problems finding parking. Its really nice an well maintained. I would recommend it!
5	Seeing that I've worked at two different gyms before, this is by far one of the best-kept gyms I've been to. I've tried two other LVAC's (Flamingo/215 & Flamingo/Sandhill) ...from the staff to the layout, this one is the best.
2	I used to try to frequent this LVAC about 4x a week per my workout regimen, but now I feel like the consistency of its cleanliness has always been up compared to two other locations I have visited. I cannot comment on how rough it is during peak hours because I avoid going during those times. Stars knocked off because: 1.) there have been a few lockers where I see the same lock on for weeks when their policy is that you cannot keep things locked overnight (even the small things count) 2.) The women's locker room sink area aaalways smells like death. 3.) Bad front desk workers with snippy attitudes.Other than that, it's pretty decent. Parking is good (again, not visiting during peak hours), equipment is cleaned and maintained, and it is located in a complex to tempt your taste buds after your workout lol.
1	SMALL and people just walk around like its a club. Smells and worst part not many machines.
5	I am a fan, they are one of the few places that has a working steam room, a must for anyone who wants to get out all of the toxins that are floating around (The Russian Czars did this and lived to be 115.)They also have a sauna for those who like a dry heat. The place is clean, the staff helpful. It's not my bag but for those so inclined they have all types of fitness classes. So I say get healthy this year. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I recently moved closer to the Eastern location (just for the next two months) so this would be the gym I go to!  Well, the front desk is not as friendly as the southwest location. They sit on top of the counter which I think is a little odd. the facility is not as large as the southwest location but it is clean and has enough equipment.  It seems to not be as busy as other locations. Not much of a free weight area, which is disappointing because I am not a person who uses machines a lot. Took a spinning class there today and Stephanie was a very upbeat instructor and I enjoyed the class!
3	What I like about this business is the lady who signed me up, Kay, was straightforward, honest and explained clearly all the options. I decided to pay for 2 years upfront, and got the 3rd year free. It's very affordable, and there's something for everyone here. The instructors and trainer I met are very good.It's a very very big place, and somewhat stressful getting in and out of the building. It feels like its own city. It definitely doesn't have a "chummy", club- like feel. It's more of a little fish in a big pond feeling. But it will be what I make of it.
4	can those TV ads and that website be any more annoying?  They market to ADD sufferers.  Awful techno music on the TV just blares up when it plays (virtually useless - non informative TV ad) and their website has those annoying "live interactive" salespeople that tries to talk to you and you can't find any relevant info on your own.Good luck finding the monthly fees on the website.  I gave up.  Not worth the hassle.EDIT- good deal on membership once I showed up.   I feel like an ass now since I wrote bad review.  This place is pretty good compared to the local 24 Hour..Cheap too.
3	I work out at two LVAC locations - this one and the W. Flamingo location.Just signed up for my third year - it costs me $125/ year.  I think it's good value.This i Given my schedule, I hit this gym at all hours - big surprise, the 5-10 pm time slot is when they are busiest.  Still, they get a decent crowd at all times.Highlights:- two large rooms for classes - they have a TON of classes to choose from.- clean - i like the fact that someone is constantly cleaning the place.- large cardio equipment area - I rarely need to wait for a machineLows:- By far the busiest LVAC i've been to - makes lifting difficult- Parking can be a pain and i don 't mind parking out in the boonies !- not enough lifting machines- they need an upstairs bathroom- higher % of poser/douchers than other LVAC's i've been to
4	This is my new location, since I moved. I much prefer the location on rainbow & vegas dr. I haven't been to any classes yet here. but I will be trying soon. the womens only area could use some work... they have a good amount of cardio machines. and seems to always be busy. lots of parking, but always busy so might not always find a spot too easy. I will be updating this after the next time I go and see more of the location.
1	Meat Market for real..can't believe how people go to be social and flirting all the time.i couldn't believe my eyes..the comments people make of older people working out.and how rude they are about fat people..Not everyone wants to be a Juice head with no balls....i'm 6'5 and about 235 at the moment...can't believe that people accutally got to a gym to make fun of other people and just hang out and and hit on each other..since when does make up apply to a work out routine..so many girls trying to look their best...and the guys just come over like wet dogs showing their true colors....like a Cartoon Episode of Johnny Bravo....staff is unhelp and straight dumb who hires these people, oh i know other dumb people..the place is a meat market for Bimbos and Juice heads..the few peopl that do go to work out, do their thing and bam gone..Peak Hours is just insane....even off peaks it's like Chicago traffic non stop.......but no one really pushing themselves just hitting on girls and girls heading and falling for Juice Muscles...so crazy....fees fees fees...that's all i can say...i'm not keeping these weak ass staff members employed with my money...I'm Half way to my goal..thank you...OTHER GYM.....
5	I don't know about you, but I love LVAC including their cheesy radio commercials!This particular location is pretty far from my house. But why do I travel such distances? Thursdays at 5:45 is Alan G's 8 Strikes class. Seriously, this class is legit. I've seen fatties transform into fit and sexy. I just wish my schedule worked out to go to Alan's classes or else I'd be fit and skinny too. But this class is offered at different locations throughout the week at different times as well. If you love cardio kickboxing and loud bumpin' music, I suggest you go!This LVAC is located right off of the 215 on Eastern. In the plaza is a great selection of healthy restaurants (there's even a Yogurtland if you're craving something sweet). Parking can be a little annoying at peak hours. This location is one of the newer LVAC's in the valley so everything is newer. They do a nice job in keeping the gym clean and tidy. Cardio equipment and manly weights are located dowstairs whereas the rest of the weight equipment are located upstairs. The only issue I have with the layout upstairs is that the weights for the back and abs are located really far apart from each other (I like to work those out together). You'll have to walk around the indoor track to get from the back machines to the ab machines. I guess I'll survive - walking is good for my cardiovascular health! The juice bar is yummy. I always get the Going Ape - peanut butter, yogurt, milk, banana and chocolate protein powder (it comes with vanilla normally - I substitute because I think the chocolate tastes better). You can now load your gym card with money and use that. I think they have a special going on where you get an X number of smoothies/credit for however much you load on your card. Definitely the best gym in Vegas. They have everything for everyone!
2	The one plus about this gym is the occasional hot and cut tattooed guy who runs on the treadmill in front of mine. HAHA!  I only ever go here to use the treadmill.  Running outside in Vegas is basically asking to get ran over.  If you can get past the douchey staff and management, I guess it's sufficient.  It can get pretty crowded but I haven't had to wait for a treadmill in the 6 years I've been a member, so I guess it's okay.  I don't know about any of the other equipment as I never use any of that. The customer service here is HORRIBLE.  As someone else said, they make you pay $12 for a new card, even if you've been a member forever.  My old card was barely readable and I lost it recently and they still made me pay $12.  It's complete BS, those blood-sucking bastards. On top of that, I asked if I could add someone in my household to my account, and the girl responded, "I'm not sure, sorry no."  WTF does that even mean??  So i called the corporate and they were equally stupid. There is no such thing as an add-on or family package because I've been a member for such a long time. They told me it's only for new members. That makes no EFFIN sense. Before I did CrossFit, I used to do classes here, like Body Pump. What a joke.  Knowing what I know now about correct form and technique, those Body Pump classes should be stopped immediately. They do NOT care about bad form and technique. It's just appalling.The last super annoying thing about this gym is the crowd.  There are people, like me,  who are honestly just there to get a good workout and that's awesome.  Then there are the super d-bags who stare at every girl who walks by, and the chicks who come completely done up with their boobs hanging out and just look ridiculous.  I'm glad I only come here to bust out my 3-5 miles a day and beeline it out the door.  I don't think I'd be able to work out here doing anything else without being constantly annoyed.
4	If you go to a club to work out or get in shape this one has many benefits. Inside track for jogging, lots of cardio, piston resistance and free weight machines and gear. Lap and motion pools, steam, dry sauna and jacuzzi. 24/7/365 availability. Enough programs, trainers and specialty routines to cover anyone. You'll never use all that you get for a very reasonable cost. Even a lounge/juice bar and a kids area. But Vegas is full of chiselled Gods and seedy lowlifes and you'll see them here as well. One minute you're working out next to some Circ performer, next minute you find your stalker. The staff range from 2 dimensional cut outs to people more interested in themselves but they keep the place clean. I can't imagine trying other places. You's have to own your own Gym to do better, but that ain't cheap.
1	I was a loyal customer and fan of your gym for over 2 and a half years in Las Vegas. After being a faithful member and referring multiple people I have been wronged by this company.I talked to multiple people (both at the gym and on the phone) and they explained that after my contract was terminated that no further action was necessary in order end the monthly charges. This turned out to be false and I was grossly mislead by multiple employees.With that said, I was charged for a month of a membership and I cannot seem to get that reversed. I talked to "Robbie" at Account Billing and she refused to reverse the charges. At this point, it has become more about the principal rather than the money. I posted a reasonable comment on their facebook page and rather than addressing the issue, LVAC simply deleted the post. I don't see them fixing this problem and I'm long gone now but I hope this post publicizes a major issue with LVAC and one of it's employees.Great gym - mediocre company.
1	WARNING- BE VERY CAREFUL TO WHAT THEY SELL YOU AND WHAT COMMITMENT YOU MAKE!  Especially a warning for parents...They misrepresented to us the Daycare as a clean, sanitary, caring environment which my husband and I require to work out due to different schedules.  We would not have joined would we have known what we would really experience.One of our first experiences a year ago at the Eastern location was the daycare crowded an the staff was overwhelmed.  My husband walked right out with our son- no identification or questions!  Anyone could have taken our child! We immediately told the manager and got really no response or documenting the incident. We never returned to that location.  We then went to Flamingo and the times we have attended one or both of my kids 90% of the time gets sick.  Last date was almost 2 week ago- my son was throwing up 24hrs later and had diarrhea.  I tried to brush this off for some time because I know kids get sick but I no longer justify spending money to be a member when I'm fearful for my children's health and safety and I don't want to go because of it.  My older son overall has fun- but gets ill  and has complained about getting hit or kicked by others (lack of supervision) and he is 3 years.  My youngest that was 6 months when we joined and is now 1 year gets no attention. They throw these babies into a room, swing or play pin and leave them cry- then call you because they are crying.  One time I left juice with my daughter in a sippy cup and they did not remind me/tell me they will only give water so they let her scream. When I came to find out what was wrong 20 minutes later and asked if they gave her a drink they said no- we can't.  Really??  I said if you would have told me when I dropped her off we could have thrown out the juice and put water in it!!!   Many times I see these employees just talking and doing their own thing and not comforting the children.  It's hands off completely. They can also decide to close whenever they want to and put a paper on the door.  I have complained to the manager at the Flamingo location- again no sincere interest in the issue or documentation- just "we don't have anyone else get sick".  They say they spray sanitation every hour and professional clean the floors every night- this is a no shoe zone and my son comes out filthy with black socks when he went in clean with white socks.  It's disgusting.They won't let you cancel for any reason!  I no longer want to bring my children to these locations and can not work out with out a facility I feel safe with.  I was told this is not a valid reason to cancel AND they can take off my daycare (which again NOT LISTENING I can NOT work out without care for my children) and that I can try one of their other facilities (when I already travel 20-30 minutes to the one I'm not happy with!).Read the reviews and complaints and I recommend staying away at all costs!  I'm having to get Legal assistance.  This a a disgusting practice- they don't care and just want your money at all costs- they sell you the world and once you sign it's nothing you thought it would be- particularly for those with younger children.  I take my children's health and safety very seriously and can not/will not put my children knowingly in danger.
1	Giving it 1 star only because the staff left a bad taste in my mouth. I don't remember the guys name that I dealt with, but he was over pressuring me to sign up & was not professional. Plus its always over crowded, so for me its worth driving 15 min to Edge Fitness off Blue Diamond.  Their staff is extremely friendly, & I train 3 times a week for the past 3 months & have never had a problem. This location is only 4 minutes from my home, so if the staff treated me & my girl friend more professionally, than I would've signed up since my brother & friends work out here too.
4	I love Las Vegas Athletic Club. Years ago I belonged to another gym and when I moved I joined LVAC. I have a bad back and just used the pool. I loved it. I would have given 5 stars but I think the rust by the stairs needs to be cleaned.
4	It's always so clean! And there's always coaches to assist you if you need them!
1	Great Gym - Horrible Contract and Corporate Communciation. They do not update their website or phone aps (though they like to advertise them) to fit their current gym schedules. They do not care why you need to cancel; only that you are not moving. And if you are moving, you better be prepared to produce 2 supporting documents (lease, which we all know takes time to get; bank, which in this day in age you don't have to change when you move, or utility bill, which requires that lease). For those who will be long-term Vegas/Henderson residents, maybe you'd want to work out here (though I would read the other one star reviews below) but for people like myself who are here on contract and was originally looking for a "local" gym so I could support local business - I wish I had never signed with them. They aren't worth it.
4	One of my favorite places to be. Except during Zumba of course! I started recently coming back here to work out and get back into shape. For the most part they have avoided me about the free months I was suppose to get with signing my friends up, but whatever thats a thing I hate about this place. I did though get a year for $144 so its not too bad. I've checked out most of the gyms around my area and out of all of them, this one just simply has me most to offer me, seeing as I like running on a track and not a treadmill.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this club. The only time I am able to go work out is at 5pm after I get off work. At this time it is always jam packed with people, the parking lot is full and every treadmill/bike/elliptical is taken. I pay $31/month for my membership, towels and daycare. Plus I get one training session a month. It's not terrible and I don't mind the cost, it's when I can't get a machine to work out on is when it bothers me. Now-a-days I only go to LVAC for their classes. I love their Wednesday night & Sunday morning kickboxing classes. The instructors are great and take the time to teach you the moves. You just have to get there early because if you don't claim your spot, you won't get one. The classes get crazy busy as well. In fact, I stopped going to Zumba because it was so dang crowded that I couldn't breathe! They also have a rockin' Body Pump class on Wednesday nights. I normally go to that right after kickboxing class is finished.I have tried 3 different personal trainers at this gym and they all stink. All three of these men were so full of themselves that all they did the whole session was talk about themselves. Annoying! You get one hour with them, they spend 30 minutes filling out a profile on you, you go upstairs and do a 10 minute treadmill test and that barely leaves them 20 minutes to show you a couple of machines. That's it. Totally a waste of my time. The good thing about this club is that it is expansive. They have a full daycare center (which my daughter loves) and I can watch her on the treadmill TV's to see if she's behaving, they have a swimming pool, saunas, a women's only gym, a running track, a racquetball court, a classroom upstairs and downstairs and a full juice bar & snack shack. The locker rooms are nice and clean. They have dressing rooms, showers, and plenty of lockers. Just make sure you bring your own lock for them. This club really is beautiful....just wish it wasn't a fight to get a machine or equipment. Like I said I have a love/hate relationship with this place.
3	Its a big gym. I love it for its track, sauna, and almost everyone I know has a membership here; which is kind of the reason why I gave LVAC 3 stars. I'm a gym buff and I know that peak hrs are around 5-8pm when people are just getting off work, but come on now people need to learn about personal space at this gym and how to properly place down a weight after each set (no need alert the world that you can't lift those 50lb dumbbells) . The other reason why I give LVAC 3 stars is because the plated weights are never organized on the weight trees. I go to numerous gyms across the valley and LVAC (Eastern & 215) is the only gym location that I go to where the weights aren't properly racked. But it's fine I still love LVAC.
1	No stars. Great place, terrible scam. I never signed on for any commitment or cancellation fees. They want $50 and two forms of "proof" that I moved, as if my lease and the fact that I haven't been there in months isn't evidence enough. They want $10 to mail me a copy of my agreement where I signed off on this scam.
4	Good Gym, Great Vibe, Decent Price!
3	So it's a love/hate relationship with this place depending on the time of day you choose to work out. I usually work out late at night and on the weekends. There are less people to get annoyed with. Here are some of those people: "Hot" chick:OMG, my shorts aren't short enough with these leg warmers I have on. What am I going to do? I'll just wear tons of makeup, even though it's 9 in the morning. And I'll be super sexy when I stretch in front of everyone. Roided guy:Let me put 500 lbs. on this bar and lift it 5 times so everyone can see how strong I am. And while I'm doing that, let me grunt really loud to mark my territory and to scare off all these other wannabes. And I'll look really good doing it in my wife beater. Ok, but in all seriousness, this gym serves it's purpose. There are classes every hour of the day. Pilates and Zumba are my personal favorites. There's a sauna, hot tub and pool, but I wouldn't venture in there because of all the people who think it's a shower. There's also and indoor track in case all the tread mills are full. Nothing fancy, I just prefer not to be around people when I work out. Plain and simple.
3	First time going to this spot since I moved to vegas was last night. And this place is huge! Yes theres alot of meat heads and girls decked out in makeup, but thats expected from newer "hotter" gym locations. Luckily I went when it was late at night so the spot was fairly empty. I wouldnt recommend going here during peak gym hours.
4	I spend my time between this location, the one on E. Flamingo, and the one on Sahara/Decatur. Of the three this is my favorite one, but it definitely has its flaws.Having a job where my shift changes on a regular basis, I've had to alter my schedule lots and have been into this LVAC at pretty much every possible hour; if you want to beat the crowds, I've found that anywhere between 11pm-7am is the sweet spot. I've never had to wait for a cardio machine (even when the gym is at its fullest, usually between 3:30pm-7pm), and usually don't have to wait to get on any of the strength training machines - the sole exception being the squat racks.That would actually be my main complaint; people seem to camp on the squat racks, very often using them for exercises for which there are entirely different machines. The only other complaint I have is more about common courtesy; some gym members have the horrible habits of not re-racking their weights and not wiping down their machines when they're done. Pretty disgusting. (That's at any gym though.)The front desk staff has never been unkind, though sometimes they borderline on completely apathetic; especially the overnight crew. The two trainers I've had experience with weren't horrible, but definitely could have been much better. When I told them weight loss was my goal and that I needed help setting up a couple of good routines, they didn't really offer anything productive - just walked me around the gym and had me sit on different machines to try them out.Compared to my old gym (Anytime Fitness), this place is palatial and has enough equipment, activities and classes to justify the membership cost. I'm still not a fan of contracts, but that seems to be the nature of the beast these days.I don't let the attitudes or judgmental glances of the other gym members affect me at all; yes, there are the stereotypical gruntbag meatheads, and the "made up like I'm going to the club" girls, but we're all here for the same purpose. I just put my headphones in, focus on what I'm doing, and there are never any issues.
1	Bottom line:  Oversold and unmaintained.This is the 4 gym I have been a member of (I move a lot).  It is by far the worst.  All of the problems stem from the same cause.  They never stop selling memberships.  I have been this gym at 10 pm on a Saturday and its full.  I have regularly driven around for so long lot looking for parking that i gave up and went home.  You regularly have to wait for machines. Many classes are so full you can barely move around.  I have gone for spin class and had to leave because there wasn't room for another bike.  Despite the high demand for classes they haven't added any more. It is a high use gym and it doesn't seem like it is ever cleaned.  The entire place reeks. I assume that their staff are underpaid because they are all rude a-holes.Basically, it seems like the owners of LVAC are trying to squeeze every penny they can out of their gyms.
1	I love this gym ! Customer service reps are terrible...rude and NOT willing to work with you.  I had an issue with my debit card because my bank detected fraud alert so they cancelled.  I called LVAC Billing Department and advised them situation that it was not my fault but my bank.  I had a letter from my bank too.  NO, they told me sorry. They refused to offer some credit back.  They charged my account $22 initial payment...another $20 NSF charge...another $10 late fee.  Stick the consumer with LATE FEES, NSF charges and not willing to work with the customer EVEN when I called before due date to advise them situation !!! Greedy and very un-professional personnel.
3	I've been going to this gym for the past 5 years; I joined the summer going into my sophomore year of high school... yeah it's been a while. Over the years there haven't been many changes except in the membership pricing However, in recent day this gym is getting pretty expensive, I've heard the three year contracts costing as much as $450... which is the best deal you'll find if you're that determined.What I like about this gym... the facility is truly miles a head of many of the gym in Las Vegas as well as around the country... even though this isn't one of the newer LVACs in town it's still maintained pretty well. There is a lot of equipment and space! First floor has a juice bar, 1 dedicated equipment room just for the ladies, Olympic style swimming pools, a sauna, a large fitness room for classes, and lockers for the members. 2nd floor has LOTS of cardio machines, a 750' track around the gym, a large free weight section, two racquetball courts, and a large selection of weight machine divided by muscle groups. Also they have a free daycare for members, so if you have kids and think you can't work out think again. Just drop you kids off and enjoy for workout!What I truly hate about this gym is the service; most if not all of the receptionists have worse people skills than a fry cook at McDonalds, either that or they're too stuck up to give you the time of day... For the entire time I've been there never once, okay maybe 4 or 5 times have I had a genuine greeting or parting after my workout. Half the time they'll just have a conversation with the other employees or pretend to smile while they scan your card. Don't even get me started with management...Luckily as a member I've never actually had to deal with management except when I bring guests into the facility... which apparently is the hardest thing to do. They rarely give members guest passes, my family has 5 gym members and I think in total we've gotten maybe 5 or 6 passes. Anyhow, when you do get the pass, it can only be used with Nevada residents; they check ID, and only one pass per guest per l time... meaning if that same guest wanted to come to the gym with you again they would have to pay for a one day pass or buy a membership. *Beware* if you plan on bringing a friend with a guest pass take you pre-workout as you enter the gym, the manager will take up at least 15-20 minutes trying to force your friend into signing up for a membership...Also note that this gym gets PACKED from about 2-8pm M-F, and it's generally pretty busy during the mornings and afternoons as well. But the great thing is its 24/7 and the weekends aren't as bad as the weekdays, so you don't have to worry about not being able to fit a workout in.Personally as much as I dislike the vibe of the gym and can hate on the many things about management I have a great membership rate, enjoy the capacity of the facility and only focus on my workout... I won't be leaving anytime soon.Overall, I would rate the facility/equipment 4/5, guest service 2/5, atmosphere 3/5, and Please note that my review reflects the overall satisfaction and experience a new member would perceive with the overall vibe of the gym. Maybe going here for as long as I have I've just begun to expect too much? You decide...P.S. as long as this review has been it doesn't nearly cover it all. If you're thinking about joining LVAC and have any questions feel free to send me a message.
1	In additional to my prior review...Had my iPhone 5 stolen from a bench I was working out on a couple nights ago... manager on duty didn't show any concern or interest, had me fill out an incident form and told me to call the main office as they would be able to watch the video. Called them the next day and I was told only a court order or subpoena would make them review the tape. I've been going here for over 5 years and the level of service and respect I got in the whole scenario was insulting...P.S. apparently lockers get broken into A LOT as well....
1	I been a member here 5 years.. and I Paid off 2-3 years in full every time... I go to re sign up and all of the sudden they want me to pay double and charge me a start up fee!! I tried to explain to them I been a customer for 5 years and they didnt even care.. Rudest Man In the sales dept ever at eastern.. Called corporate office Got the run around by 4-5 different people and not one of them could help me finally the "highest" person I could talk to basically Said Its our policy nothing we can do for you and go to another GYM WOWOWOWOOWOW AVOID THIS HOLE!!! I used to love it here but when it comes to customer service THEY ARE THE PITS!!!!!!!!!!! I hope all of you stay far far away!! What type of business tells a customer to just go to another gym!! I wanted to give them money and they pushed me away!! I will be gym hunting this week.. SCREW YOU LVAC and your terrible staff at Eastern at at corporate
2	Pushy salespeople.  Nice facility.  Overrun by jocks.  Juice bar.  Pushy salespeople.  Great running track. It'll do.
1	I can totally see why this place has so many HORRIBLE reviews! They truly have the worst customer service I have run into in a LONG time!! I signed up for a membership w/Kay. BEWARE OF THEIR CONTRACT...they quickly get you to "sign here, here and initial here stating you'll get your free month"- when in REALITY, they are selling it to you as a '2 year contract" -(which you THINK starts on the day you sign)...but in reality it's a 26 MONTH contract and you have to PAY $50 to cancel, even if it's AFTER 24 months AND you cancel for one of their valid reasons (i.e. moving). I can't stand being deceived by sales people...(Kay's way of describing the terms was completely deceptive)- but what was even WORSE, was the reaction from the manager (YORK????) when I spoke to him to see if the contract Kay "sold me", would actually be honored- (i.e. 2 years, no cancellation fee if I moved away). This guy was SHOCKINGLY unprofessional and discourteous (and sounded like he couldn't even spell the word- not a polished "managerial-sounding" person at all). He even hung up the phone on me, before I could even finish explaining my grievance. Again, now that I've seen so many other reviews regarding their EGREGIOUS customer service, I am not surprised. Had I come here before, I wouldn't have wasted my time signing up and I did, in fact cancel. Just knowing going to support businesses anymore who don't know how to properly treat customers. The end.
5	So, I read a lot of reviews on here with three or two stars... because: - Girls wear make up and try to hook up with meat heads?? Who gives a shit! Do you go there to work out or judge? - No parking you say...? Where are you from, Iceland? You can't walk 100 ft to the gym? I thought you came to work out not drive your car to the entrance like a lazy ass...The only thing that, to me, is missing is punching bags: with all the space they have, they could definitely include some kickboxing / muay thai classes. The gym si clean [at least the ladies side] and everybody is welcoming. The instructors I had so far are fun and knowledgeable. There are tons and tons of classes from 5 am to 8 pm, so you really can't go wrong.I pay 31 dollars for gym access, towel service, 1 personal training session per month, and some other service I don't even remember [lol]. PRETTY DARN GOOD!So stop complaining.
5	GREAT GROUP CLASSES! The classes at this gym are better than the 24 hr & LA fitness's all over Vegas and LA  area. Membership is fairly cheap & reasonable. Sometimes they have promo's for waived initiation fees which is huge for me, considering I move around alot and sometimes need to cancel my membership.The gym gets crowded, but it is big enough to handle the capacity.Love this place... not to mention the plaza that it's in has a really good variety of pre & post workout meals ;)
1	I cannot wait for the contract to end. They are nothing but greedy, money-making company without regards to customer service. All they care about is your money. Always unwilling to work out issues with billing. As long as they get money, customer service or appreciation is at the bottom of their list. Horrible!
4	Love love love being an lvac member! The staff is helpful and the classes are so much fun! Its always clean and I never have issues! I mostly take bodypump, 8 strikes on Thursdays and yoga when I can!
4	Good price. Wide range of workout equipment. An okay amount of classes. Just wish the classes were more up beat and exciting! They should add some cool lights and turn up the music so we can have fun and enjoy it. It gets a little boring sometimes.
3	Quick look: LVAC on Eastern is still the "go-to" gym for this side of town. Very busy between 5pm & 7pm Monday - Friday. Avoid those hours if you want to get in and out as you will be fighting for a parking space and an open machine. Gym also needs a much needed face lift and they need to replace many of the old machines that are starting to show "wear and tear."Detail review: Been a member for almost seven years now. The Eastern location has been my gym of choice. I still prefer LVAC over the other gyms in this area but I am starting to grow concerned as I have seen the gym slip deeper into a bad place. I write this review in hopes that someone in management will read and correct the issues so we can enjoy the gym for years to come. Let's start in the mens locker room: constantly a mess and has an unpleasant odor. The restroom facilities are always a problem, soaked in water and the toilets are pretty nasty. Soap and paper towel dispensers are always not working. The smell is obviously worse in here. Many of the lockers have broken hinges, doors or combo locks that never seem to come off. Insides of the lockers are also grimy. You also have an issue with old men who do not work out and "hang out" for hours in the nude in the locker room. Its suspicious and I avoid the locker room area at all costs these days. Cardio area upstairs: a good amount of the TV controllers on the machines do not work, some are hanging from the machines. The sound in the speakers in this area shuts off constantly. A lot of the machines are missing heart beat sensors, hand covers - etc. Many of the machines always have an out of order for repairs sign on them. Think you need to update the elliptical machines first as I have had a few that skip or slip and that could injure someone. I always see used paper towels in the cup holders and the disinfectant bottles are always empty. The weight areas are pretty stacked and I don't think you could put anymore in here as space is limited. I  think you could use a couple more Smith Machines as they always have people waiting to jump on. A few of the machines like the leg press will not let you stick the pin in to select weight amount.  I have noticed that you have been switching the dumb-bell's out with brand new ones. Thank you for that. Would like to see this busy location kept as nice at the LVAC on Flamingo in Summerlin. Have noticed that the newer Flamingo location is spotless & impeccable when I made the long drive up there to work out. With a little more attention to detail and a small facelift you could do it at Eastern.
5	Two years ago I probably would have slapped myself for saying this, but Wednesday and Sunday are my favorites days because of my group fitness classes. Wednesday body pump with Nadine and Sunday kickboxing with Alison are what motivate me! Not only that, but it's well-kept, great selection of classes, and it's not an intimidating atmosphere if I venture outside of the women's gym. It's a manageable price for me and I get my money's worth!
4	I am getting so serious...  I like king classes especially Yoga.  This is story building, it is easy to access to machine and pool area.  I wish this palace has women's sauna too.
5	Paul is the best salesman!  He gave me a great deal so ask for him n tell him I sent you!  Maybe I'll get some freebies.  HahaThere's a nice women's only gym so you don't have to be stared at for your entire workout and also a private sauna and steam room in the ladies locker room.The Juice Bar at LVAC is amazing.  The best shakes and awesome wraps.  The prices are average.. I wouldn't mind paying a little less for a protein shake. There is plenty of parking as long as you don't go during peak hour (4-8).  There is also very rarely a broken machine.  I wish they would build one in Henderson.
5	It's time to run off all that food I eat yesterday during the playoff games!  I will get a quick workout in and then off to the sports book to watch the NFL playoff games!  Today is the last day before the New Year's resolutions kick in!
3	Compared to all of the others LVAC locations, it's the busiest. At the same time, it seems the most well kept out of the rest. Balls, weights, mats, & etc are organized. Not a horrible stench. Good amount of exercise options for the amount of square feet. Also plenty employees. Other locations often seem understaffed & under-kept. It's next to the freeway. & I have to mention the yummy post or pre-workout eats & drinks in the same plaza. Keep up the reputation!
1	Not happy with this this gym or the customer service at all!!!Found out two months after processed payments, that even though the payments went thru on my credit card, they were considered late. Now I owe $50.... Where were the phone calls or emails (some sort of communication) the first time a payment was "late" I think they do shady things like this on purpose to get even more money. Like I told them, if I had known there was a problem, I would have taken care off it two months ago!!! It's a $20 membership, not worth this! Plenty of other gyms with out the run around and non communication.
1	I was very disappointed today, I brought my  wife along for a tour the facility and possibly her becoming a member. The sales representative gave her the tour was really lack and didn't give her the full details of the facility.   It seemed like we were bothering him for the tour, it seemed like a real good opportunity to sign my wife up today turned out to be dismal as she is did not sign up thank you for your poor representation by your sales staff.  I would like to suggest that your manager AJ is retrained on how his customer service skills are delivered to your current and future customers.
1	Terrible customer service-We come here for lunch for protein shakes and today they will not take our money and let us get a drink.  They should at least be consistent. And another reason we are not members here-too crowded and not much training going on. It's like a nightclub.
4	Overall I'm quite happy with my membership here. I paid for 2 years upfront and received a 3rd year free. I also got one add-on of 2 passes per month with this package.They really sell you on the classes but what they don't tell you is how crowded some of them can be. I enjoy the energy of a full class but I don't like it when there isn't enough space to move. Best time to go to a class is from 10am to 5pm weekdays if you can.Christina is one of my favorite Body Pump class teachers. She's teaches a number of other classes too. If you're into yoga, they offer it here, but the environment is not super soothing since you have a lot of ambient gym noises like weights being dropped on the ground in the room upstairs.
1	Steer clear... signed contract 2+ years ago and still getting charged once expired 9 months ago! No refund, and no apology of any kind! Apparently you sign up for life! Go month to month or don't go! There are better clubs in town! No stars if that was an option!
4	Can't beat the prices and how well they keep up the gym and equipment quality. A couple complaints; this gym gets crazy packed!!! But as a business that's actually a good quality. But I had to get another membership elsewhere so I can lift during "busy times" of the week. Maybe it's time to open another location. Another thing is that when I go in the morning, there is always a cleaning crew around 10am that takes up a large portion of the floor to scrub and mop in busy areas. A can never get a good lift in during that time. Overall the gym is fantastic.
4	Food Network in women's dressing room?Great options at the cafeToo busy on the weekdays in the eveningBring back the Arc TrainerClean and awesome variety of machines
4	I been working out here since 06' and they opened a few more since then all across the 215. this particular location is always busy and it's hard to get into machines you need with so much people fighting for one but I guess if you have the time and patience or willing to modify your workout then you'll like this place lol. I don't mind it and I actually like this gym n location. Plus, I love this juice bar downstairs.
3	I am not a big fan.  It seem like everyone here is about making sure there dressed up rather than working out.
2	Staff in front are fakes except a select few that actually say hi.  Salesman are nice when you sign up, but are two face when you're actually a member.  Some of the trainers are cool and some I just wouldn't listen to.  Most of the guys are upper body beast that walk on straws for legs, but not all.  Are your legs not part of your body? Yes, we can tell some of you are juiced up.  Who cares though, its your life. Lol.  Smoothies are good but overpriced.  Girls are nice to look at but it seems like all of em are conceded.  You're a living, eating, breathing, shitting creature like everyone else, shut off the insecure force field. All in all....this gym has good equipment. ..go around noon or midnight to avoid the above lol.And advice for the staff...treat others how you want to be treated.  And thanks to the cleaning staff...you guys need praise and a raise.
4	Best thing about Eastern gym is Alan's "8 strikes" class. If you haven't been, you're missing out on a good cardio workout!  His class is from 5:45pm - 6:45pm on Thursdays. He does have other classes at the other LVAC gyms but I honestly do not know the times. Apart from the class, I think this gym is pretty decent size. I'm used to the Rainbow LVAC, which is extremely bigger then Eastern. It gets pretty crowed at the times I usually go but that's most gyms. The machines get full pretty fast but the woman's area doesn't get too crowded. It's clean and the staff are nice.
4	Its nice to have free weights away from the machines. Its a good size gym with plenty of space but not enough equipment. I see alot of stuff that can be replaced with more useful machines or another rack that wont collect dust.
5	Great gym! Open 24 hours.  Has a great indoor track for running.  Great monthly price as well.  They have 6 locations so very convenient if you move.  You'll always have one near you in Vegas.
3	Most of the classes I want to attend here get pretty full. My recommendation would be to get to class early to make sure you save your spot. I didn't give this gym more stars, simply because of the front desk staff. I noticed the two girls who work in front snickering and making comments about those who were "heavier." I think it is awesome that anyone makes an effort to come to the gym and for the staff to be making rude comments is not very nice.  After all, it is the memebers who help pay their salaries!
4	This gym honestly has its pros and cons. They offer a variety of classes such as zumba, kickboxing, tai chi and body combat. Its a great gym for well-rounded exercise. You pay monthly, get free parking and you can even get personal training. It also has a playroom for kids. Despite the fact that its usually crowded, this gym does it right for me.
4	By far my favorite LVAC location! Plus it's pretty close to work and home.Great location, up to date, great locker room space, friendly staff, and great classes!I like the separate women's gym.. For those days when you're trying to be by yourself and away from the big crowd! Thursdays at 545pm is Alan's class - 8Strikes -- kickboxing & plyometrics all in one! Be prepared to sweat!Other than the fact that the gym gets soooo busy (& you're having to wait for a machine sometimes) still a great gym!
4	Love this gym I feel good every time I come. Is probably one of the busiest because is always incredibly packed and it takes forever for the parking ,but other than that i absolutely love it,  nice staff , great trainers.
4	I enjoy this gym but it's too packed sometimes and you can't find parking. It's either you go super early or late at night
1	I absolutely hate this gym! Always crowded. Used to be crowded between the hours 5-7pm. Now it seems like all hours of the day it's jam packed! Constantly waiting for machines and weights. Not to mention nothing is ever re-racked. Oh, the tiny bopper girls and the "swagged" out teenaged boys are the most annoying and take up a lot of the space standing in their circles around equipment. Needless to say, I will not be signing another contract.
1	Do not sign a contract!!!!!!!!! when I signed up I knew I would eventually be moving out of state, the sales person assured me that the only thing I needed to do was show them an offer letter and I would be out of the contract. I mailed the official change of address from the post offfice with two letters with my new address and they said that was not sufficient and threatened to send me to collections. They are too stupid to realize I already sent them proof of address change. They are rude,  unreasonable and the salespeople are liars.
4	Weights not re-racked and Dumbbells consistently out of place.  Packed with the exception of 1a-5a.  Not joking!  I still like the place however.*****Updated review*****Moved to San Diego and this place is WAAAAAY BETTER than anything here!!!  Grass is always greener on the other side!!  True appreciation for LVAC!!
3	I've had a membership with LVAC FOR 3 years and  would give it 2 stars if it wasn't for how kind some of there staff is , unfortunately though there's some that don't need to have a job at all , especially interacting with people . They are so uptight, you arent allowed to use chalk for better grip on the bar because according to them it makes a mess  they have there own liquid grip that doesn't work fairly as well as the chalk especially when lifting heavy bars but they want to sell there product . I also have been working out in the ladies area and one time i dropped my weight and there was a very rude lvac employee in there that told me to stop dropping the weight so hard , again its a gym if I need to drop the weight I need to I didn't realize I was at a library.  Anyways to make a long story short , it serves it's purpose get in for some very quiet cardio get out . I may get rid of the membership soon and get one elsewhere , I have gotten so comfortable that it's such a hassle , also it does get very packed like other reviews mentioned you have to tweak your time a bit to get in when there's less people ! Hope my review helps some of you out !
5	215 and flamingo is my favorite location. But now i go to the 215 and eastern one, it's alittle smaller but still nice by far lvac is the best gym in Las Vegas and tons of friendly people been a member for around 5 years
3	I've been going here for 8 years, it's 10 minutes away from me. The entire facility is accommodating, always loud and big. It's nice they have just about everything you need to work out your entire body, including swimming and lots of gym classes. They have a sauna and Jacuzzi, watch out for guy pervs! This gym always has new machines, and strives to stay competitive. The locker room is clean and big, however the women's area is too small! After your contract ends they bill month to month. They have a nice healthy snack-bar too. The downside is this gym is always crowded, parking is crowded like a mall parking lot, for so much money the ownership revenues, a new parking garage would be respectful instead of using up the law office parking spaces.
3	First timer here and I can't believe I actually paid $20 for a one day pass. Not even a free trial. Gym was super packed and machines were a good wait. Other than that, they've got every machine. This gym is OKAY.
4	I have been going to this gym for 2 years. It's very close to my house and super cheap!!!!! 20 bucks a month! That's crazy!!!! My gym in Florida was always over 50$$ I do the classes such as body pump and they have them so often which works great with anyone sced. Get there early if u wanna go at the busy times. I really don't have anything bad to say about this gym. Except maybe that the parking lot is usually full, that's ok. More exercise!
1	WORST customer service in the industry. Absolutely horrible. I have regretted my contract with them the entire time. The gym itself is ok, but the people and the employees just make the experience UNBEARABLE. First things first, after signing up, I moved to California for school. I sent them everything they needed to cancel my membership since I was no longer living in state. They said they never received it...THREE TIMES. How in the world do you "lose" paperwork THREE times?! Perhaps it's because the people working there hardly have a brain to process anything. They're mechanical robots who never venture off their scripted responses. I tried explaining to them that I was no longer in the state, and they continued to charge me for the membership. I cancelled my autopay because I wasn't going to continue paying for a service I could not use, and they threatened to send me to collections! A YEAR LATER, they offered me 6 months added onto my membership for "free". Ummm, it's not FREE since I paid for a YEAR that I was not even located in Las Vegas. It literally took me a YEAR to deal with this issue because no one there returns phone calls or emails and their operators can't comprehend anything. This past month (my last month), I had a new debit card sent to me a few days before my auto-pay went through because there had been some fraud on my account. I went through and thought I had changed my card for all my auto-drafts, but I guess I forgot lovely ol LVAC...They called me a week later and I realized I must have missed them by accident. I called immediately to take care of it. They told me that my 22/month went up to 25/month because they couldn't auto draft it and they added on a 20 dollar fee for it not going through. I explained what happened and asked that since I have always paid on time and this was an oversight, if they could waive the fee. All he said was "no". That's it. Just no. I mean, are you kidding me?! Not only did they upcharge my rate, they also charged me 20 bucks for the accident. COMPLETELY APATHETIC to the situation. I asked to speak to his supervisor, and he said he didn't have one. After I asked him if he was the manager, he said no, they just didn't have managers...so he blatantly lied to me. It's a fight every single time you need to deal with this place. Just save your time and your money and go somewhere else! You don't need the headache of being stuck with this place for 2 years.
4	This is my gym. I can understand why this place gets a bad rep. For about 19 hours a day, this place gets pretty packed. Sometimes, you'll see 2 sometimes 3 people waiting to use the same machine during the busy times!Well, I never have to worry about that since I come when it's not really that busy. What time is that you ask? That's for me to know, and for you all to never find out :PThis place is the only gym that has every type of equipment you could ever need. It's open 24/7. They have a indoor track, spinning rooms, and different classes. They have a pool and jacuzzi, and their steam room is much nicer than 24 hour fitness.The membership is pretty affordable as well compared to other gyms, the only downside is signing a contract.I really like this gym and it's the best bang for the buck gym. Plus, when you go the times I go, there is never a wait time on equipment hehehe.
4	Classic case of "You get what you pay for."This is a local chain of gym specific to Las Vegas. They have six locations (almost 7), and with a simple $15-20 a month payment you can go to any of their clubs throughout the city. They offer all the basic amenities you would expect a gym to have. They have a running track, free weights, swimming pools, cardio rooms, classes, and racquetball courts.I actually purchased the VIP locker program, and I'm in my seventh year doing that. It is a bout $350 a year extra and for a regular gym-goer, it is a necessity. The customer service here is actually very good, and I do recommend LVAC.  The value is out of this world.
4	Love it. It's a bit pricy but you do get what you pay for so I won't complain. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There's so many free classes you can take. There's also a women's gym as well as a mixed gym. Has a great vibe and it's super clean. I would give it a 5, but the only thing that bothers me is that the instructors are not very punctual. Other than that it is amazing 5/5 would recommend.
4	The gym is a great gym, I love the facility. It's a big gym and has quite the number of equipment. I only had one situation with the employees which was that I wasn't able to use the gym, when I had already paid, because I hadn't brought in my I.D. to complete the membership. I complained and everything was fixed. The only thing that LVAC isn't spot on is the customer service and some of the employees. Heads up, it gets packed during the day. If you're able to go at midnight, do so! It's never packed during then.  Other than that, everything there is absolutely great! Plus, it's 24 hours.
4	This is my favorite of all the LVAC locations. I used to live close to the Flamingo and 215 one, which had a few more machines and I'd like to see those at the Eastern location (this is the only reason for not giving 5 stars). Very good value for money and friendly staff most of the time.
1	Read the fine print and do NOT believe the words that the club sales person states!!!!  When we signed up we were NOT interested in a set month term commitment and wanted the ability to get out with 30 (ish) days notice. He assured us multiple times that we could get out with no penalty at any time. He was so nice, super friendly, trustable!  (Ha). We quickly signed off on the paperwork...trusting all he said.  Our mistake. Fast forward 7 months...we want to cancel and are locked into a 26 month commitment?!?!?  The paperwork we signed  supposedly said that, we had 3 days to catch his lie...and then, it was too late, we were locked in. The lying salesperson wasnt even a concern of corporate. I've heard these horror gym membership stories before but never believed they really happened.  Well...we are living proof!  They lack integrity and don't even care. Be warned!!
1	Tried them again.  Nope.  They think they're going to win by aggression?  Not in this decade!
1	If I could give a zero star rating I would. -DO NOT SIGN CONTRACT- sales agents are full of their own garbage. They say you can cancel your membership at any time... Ya if you pay off the remaining balance of a two year contract!! F*&^$ING Liars. DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID. LVAC JUST WANT TO STEAL FROM YOU AND SEND YOU TO COLLECTIONS!!!!!
3	I don't usually give three stars out but this one I have mixed feelings about. The place is nice don't get me wrong but the design of the place reminds me of a 1980's burger joint or save by the bell. The design of this place is very outdated. I don't like the fact that there is no isolated stretching area and that they do not keep the other cycle rooms open for members to do their own private exercise in. The sauna doesn't seem as hot as LA fitness when I was in Cali. The positives are that this location is 24 hours and that their cardio area is great. Sometimes this gym gets crowded so come at an off hour if you wanna hit the weights.
5	I have been a member for over six years. I moved from 24 hr fitness,dirty locker rooms and work out area. When a machine broke down, it was weeks before it was repaired.LVAC has someone cleaning constantly. If a equipment breaks, it is repaired usually within 24 hrs. The price is the best I have ever had. Equipment selection is excellent.
1	This is for all LVAC gyms: You are all rip-offs with prices that fluctuate terribly. I didn't mind paying $22 a month but you go off promoting $19/month and yet you don't want to match it? I called the billing department and you straight lied to me about it ranging from $19-$22 max. First off, you charge my friend $23/month. I believe that's more than $22, do you not know how to count or? And what's so hard about matching the price of what you're promoting? Your gyms are big and spacious, I'll give you credit for that but truly, your customer service sucks. Thanks for ripping me off. Sincerely, canceling my membership with you guys. This is for anyone who plan on joining their contract. Be aware of getting over-charged. For all I know, some of you could be paying $24+.
4	When I first moved to Las Vegas I was looking for a gym to join, based on all the negative review I read online about LVAC; from billing issues to customer service to just disatisfaction with the enviroment and cars being robbed in parking lot.  I opted to join Golds gym....BIG mistake by the way!!! but thats for another review..lol After being fed up with Golds I decided to give them a try I figured it can't be as bad as where I was coming from plus sometimes you just have to see for yourself. I called and got pricing for LVAC which was about the same I was paying at Golds. My husband and I went in they asked what our needs were, what we were looking for at a gym offered us a tour and explained some of the benefits included in our membership once we stated our goals. The guy who enrolled us was knowledgable and very friendly, One of the things I like that was included was the free coaching and dietician type services. One of my favorite things is their juice bar and they are reasonably prices and the drinks are amazing and the food is just addicting and healthy!! I have been with LVAC a year this past Sept and I could not be happier there. The machines are well kept and enough where you don't have to wait forever for a machine, the place is clean even the locker rooms. I also like there is a dry and steam sauna and there is a co-ed one in the pool room with a huge hottub to soak your tired bones. The only thing I have to say that I was disatisfied with was when you first come into the buildings the ladies that scan you in are not very friendly. I can count on my one hand how many times one of them have greeted me, but let a nice looking guy come in they are falling over theirselves to say hello. I look forward to spening another year with LVAC I have fell off a bit due to work schedule but am working at continuing on my weight loss journey. So for anyone who goes off reviews to pick a place i hope you consider mine this is the best decision i made in terms of joining a gym. People or there to workout and not disturb you as you work. I am yet to try a class but they look pretty full most of the time so that tells me they must be pretty good!!
1	I have been a member for YEARS.  I just walked in the door at 645am. Realizing I forgot my towel.  I asked the worker behind the desk to just borrow one for the day as it isn't part of my membership.  She said no! I said so it's ok to work out without a towel her response was YES... That is disgusting! Clearly she has no issues with being unhygienic ..  Terrible customer service.. It's a towel I asked for not a free membership.  MORON..
1	The worst gym/playroom. The fact that the employees are actually being paid to do nothing and sit on their cell phones as they "Greet you" same with the front desk.I don't pay extra for you to watch my daughter play in the fucking water fountain! It's sad you have about 2 "employees" to over see maybe 5-10 kids tops and it still doesn't happen, when Rainbow & 95 location has about 5-6 employees and tends to about 50-70 at all times.... Get your shit together Henderson!Also your personal trainers...need some training them selves.Sloppy ass Gym.
1	I don't even know how a gym could be this bad. Service and staff are terrible. Not even worth the $23 a month.
1	This place is an absolute joke if you have a 9-5 job and try to go after work. They sell as many memberships as possible for very low prices so you get a great mix of broke ass awful people in this gym. There are a ton of roided out dudes with hot dog color skin, chicks that look like dudes, and many other variations of
5	My Second Home...So far the best gym I've been for the price you pay for old members only 144 a year.the gym open 24/7 365 days a year.i wish this gym was all over The US for the same price...:-/
5	Clean, I only go during non-busy hours............usually 730-9pm.  Gets too crowded and parking lot too.  In great area, close to tanning and starbucks, lol.  Traffic area though.  Close to home, so.....................good for now.Love the protein bar, people working there are all TOP 10!!!!
1	if your looking for a good gym, keep moving.  I recently used the steam room on Eastern and 215.  No lie, there were 15 people in it:  including, one guy peeling and eating a banana (yep), another  guy shaving his body, you get the point.  They oversell memberships and lock you in for two years.  You can't even use the equipment it's so packed.  However, it's so unclean you will want to get out of the gym prior to catching something.  the locker room looks more like a public shower for those in need, than a fitness facility.  The corporate office is a nightmare to deal with.
