5	Gibby's would certainly fall into the category of "fancy" dining options.  This is a not a casual place, so no sneakers and shorts please you filthy begger; you must dress properly for this special evening.    The building itself is positively gorgeous, and was built in the 18th century.  I love the iron gates and the beautiful courtyard, and the stone interior transports you back in time to a period over 200 years ago......very romantic.  Women love this place, hearts swoon, certainly a good option for us guys to bring a special lady.  Most importantly, the food is quite good.  But what the hell is with that little bucket of pickles they bring you?   I dont get that.  I do, however, very much appreciate the sorbet served between courses to help refresh the palate.  Always a nice touch. In closing I'd highly recommend Gibby's for a romantic or special evening, and you can touch off your night with a moonlit walk through the cobblestone streets of Old Montreal and stroll along the waterfront.  With a simply magical night such as this, how could you not get some?
5	Gibby's is by far one of my favorite steakhouses/seafood restaurants in Montreal!Tucked away on a quiet street in Old Montreal, this restaurant proves itself time and time again with topnotch service and unbelievably prepared dishes! Free valet parking also makes this restaurant a great choice for those cold winter nights.As per price, most people might consider Gibby's a little on the pricier side, but I've been to many steakhouses in North America, and Gibby's is a little bit more moderately priced than some others.I highly recommend the filet mignon, to which you can add on an order of jumbo shrimp grilled in garlic butter if you're a surf and turf lover like me, or I also recommend the 2lb lobster, which can be served grilled or boiled.They have a wide selection of other cuts of meat, seafood, and chicken.All main courses come with a choice from two or three appetizers, but you should definitely go with the "Gibby's salad," and you also get a choice of potato -- baked, mashed, fries, or double baked. Double baked is commonly referred to as a Monte Carlo potato, and that's always the one I choose!
3	It's a good restaurant in a really cool location (old horse stables), but for the cost better can be had.For a steak house in this price range, I expect better. Check out Queue de Cheval...it's a bit more expensive but the food is infinitely better.
4	There are many wonderful steak restaurants in this country.  Just about any Hy's, 529 Wellington in Winnipeg, Queue de Cheval, Moishe's, House of Chan, Topiary's there are a plethora of them. To this list we must include Gibby's in Montreal.  Gibby's is a stalwart restaurant that has been a staple for the trade show crowd coming to Montreal for ever, and it is still as good today as it always has been.  The only thing different today is that I can call the same day and get a reservation, which in days past might well have been a challenge. It is almost amazing that I seem to end up in Gibby's at least twice a year.  Montreal is one of the world meccas for fine dining.  There are so many 4+ star restaurants in Montreal that it is such a tough choice always.  Should I go to Maison du Jazz and listen to the amazing voice of Michelle Sweeney, should I go to Jardin du Nord and ask Denis to surprise me which he takes as a challenge and may put 3 lobsters on a plate each with a different cooking style and flavour, or shall I go to Garde Manger one of Montreal's hidden gems that is so bold as to have no sign outside - and none required.  I know I digress, Gibby's.Gibby's as I suggested is an institution.  The ambiance, the atmosphere is seductive.  Take a date there on a cold winter's night and sit by the hearth, marveling at the foot thick walls that have been there forever.  The entree always comes with asparagus, choice of potatoe (Monte Carlo for me) and a properly cooked steak accented with a wonderful mix of garlic and Montreal steak spices.  A rib steak excels and for those with monster appetites go for the Gibby's house cut.  I always seem to line up for the gazpacho as they are one restaurant that knows how
3	This was a pretty good steak place... buuut since America is probably the steak capitol of the world  - I was kind of dissapointed.I think ruth's chris does a better steak yeah? Had both the rib eye and the wellington. Not bad. But for the price....It's definitely one of the  nicer (pricier) restaurants in the area though. So if you are looking for that...
5	Typical steakhouse atmosphere and decor. In old Montreal which has a quaint area and vibe.Believe it or not...this is where I had one of the best ribeye. Not just me, people I brought along were quite pleased and we repeated a visit when we came back here again.Montreal is not exactly known for steak but the Gibby's Cut is juicy, tender and you want to savor every bite. Comes with side and appetizer. Cost is comparable to high-end steak in most places but it's well worth it.
4	Great ambiance.  A beautiful place to have an amazing dinner.  I always get the salmon there and its mouth watering.  I also love everything from the bread, salad and pickles they put on the table lol!  Really soothing place to relax and enjoy a candlelit dinner.  Yum!
4	Every time I visit the city I make it a point to eat dinner at Gibby's. Great steaks. Great drinks. The service is good considering how busy they get o the weekends. The prices are tourist focused so do not go there looking for a discount meal but you will not walk away hungry. No way. Parking in this area of the city  is very tight so there early and be prepared to search for a parking spot.
5	I live in the States about 11/2 hr drive to Gibby's.  We have been going to Gibby's for over 10 years.  When we have a visitors or something to celebrate or just haveing a Gibby's craving we will make the short trip,  It is well worth the drive.  I have eaten at all the top steak house's in the US.. Morton's, Ruth Chris, Flemings, Capital Grill and more.  Gibby's is in a class all of its own.  The combination of old world ambiance, great service, consistently great food and out of this world desserts makes it a must go to if you are in the Montreal area.  After your very satisfying meal you can roam about Old Montreal on foot or take a ride in one of the many horse drawn carriages that you will find in the area.
4	This is the restaurant to visit in Montreal when you're a tourist with exchange-rate friendly money to burn. I ate here a few times before I became a vegetarian, and I'd probably go back now that I'm a big meat-eating cheater, because the steaks are excellent, as is the ambiance. It's in a historic building, which the designers incorporated into the restaurant, so it has that old world charm you came to Montreal for in the first place. If you're a local and you're reading this, you probably prefer going elsewhere. Please email me a list of your favorites, because I love your city.Gibby's, I gather, is something of an institution which means something of a tourist trap, but it's not an overrated, Times Square-esque tourist trap, so I'd say it's worth a visit before you move on to whatever secret hole in the wall your French-speaking cousin wants to drag you to instead.
5	Definitely one of the best steakhouses in town. First off, you are given homemade bread and pickles, both of which are delicious. I ordered rib eye steak and it was perfectly cooked. The place is also very nice, keeping the old look to it.
5	I wish they had a place like this in DC! It's tucked away in old town; the restaurant itself is sort of in the basement. Surrounded by old grey stones, like a crypt; up on the first floor they have this regal bar. Looks like something of out the Godfather set, with maroon leather chairs, and heavy oak tables. Has a great selection of beers including some local brews. Once you make your way down to the dining hall, don't try to count calories or (Canadian) dollars, and just go with the recommendations. They whipped out this great baked mussels dish. Loaded with butter and garlic, they had these enormous mussels actually baked into a clay dish. Then I got the Dore Amande, Canadian wall-eye, baked with a side of potatoes and greens. Simple as can be, but damn good. I think it was combination of how they probably poached it half an hour before and what they seasoned it with (and probably because they poured loads of butter on it). Chasing it down with sauvignon blanc. Risking not being able to walk to the taxi outside, I couldn't resist their chocolate cake, and had to obviously pick a nice single malt to wrap things up.All in all, if you're in Montreal, don't miss out on Gibby's.
5	Was up in Montreal for a weekend with friends, and made a reservation @ Gibbys based on a few recommendations. The setting is different than the vast majority in NYC, and surrounding areas. It has an old feel with the entrance being hidden in a stone walkway to a courtyard. As you enter you notice the exposed framework made from big, heavy timber, warmly lit, and a feeling you just went back a hundred and fifty years. The waiters wear, I'm assuming, a sort of traditional uniform and were the most polite and bubbly servers we had in Montreal. The recommendations were spot on, the spicy sirloin sausage was great and the Oysters Rockefeller were insanely good. I pride myself on my impeccable manners, thanks mom, but I definitely grabbed a second before confirming everyone got at least one. I ordered the center cut fillet, and the waitress coerced me into the Monte Carlo potato; I buckled, but assured my self I would only eat 1/2 of it. Turns out I took it right to face, killed it, it was amazing... the fillet was cooked perfectly, and with a table of 8, all ordering a various steaks, each of ours were cooked perfectly. We were all discussing how amazing the dinner was, thinking the ride was over. We then ordered some Irish coffees... they rolled over what appeared to be a dessert cart with a big flame in the middle... they caramelized sugar on the rim, lit the whiskey in the glass on fire (then added a little more). Added the coffee, fresh whip cream, and then lit Irish Mist on fire, and poured the flaming liquor into the best Irish Coffee I've ever had.  Gibby's is the Truth.
2	I found it expensive for what it was.  Very old school.  I started with the escargots - which were tasty, if a little salty and rubbery.  I was then brought a mixed green salad, which consisted mainly of iceberg lettuce (which was a bit rusty). I ordered a filet mignon for my main, although it looked as though it was cooked perfectly (medium rare) strangely it was rather dry and at least one other dining companion had the same complaint. Could it be that the meat had been frozen and defrosted rendering it bloodless? The accompanying rice was so dry and tasteless it would be better served coming out of a Gatling gun, absolutely dreadful. The sorbet in between courses was ok if that's your thing and the pickles were rockin'. I ordered a Brazilian coffee to finish as I heard that they put on quite a show. They roll up in some rickety old cart and heat the glass etc etc, not very impressive honestly.  The service was ok. Our server was kind of grumpy at first and then got friendly as the night went on. One of the servers looked really anorexic. The horrible uniform they make them wear was hanging off her skeletal frame. Not who'd you'd expect to be serving your food - you have to wonder what she's doing on her break? I'm sure I'm forgetting something but that speaks for itself.  Overall I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It's dated and a tourist trap.
4	I am not a huge fan of dressy venue dining, but fortunately, I allowed my friends to talk me into eating at Gibby's.  The entrance to the restarant is through this amazing courtyard enclosed by old timbers and heavy stone.  You are instantly transported to another time.  The dining area is dated, not in a dusty and old way, but in a antique and time-honored way.The homemade bread and pickles were probably my favorite part of the meal.  I could have eaten a whole jar of the pickles if they sold them that way.  For my main, I had the fish special of the day.  It was cooked perfectly and tasted great.  After reading more reviews, I wish I had ordered a steak and had dessert or at least one of those snazzy coffees!Gibby's may be considered a tourist trap, but hey, I was a tourist and a good experience at Gibby's left me with great memories of Old Montreal.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Best damn meal in Montreal. Their menu is a little pricey, but the meal is worth it. You will not walk away from here with an empty stomach.
4	I'm not sure why they serve pickles with the bread, but they are fantastic!  I had a hard time not eating all of them.  I ordered a ribeye that was rubbed with garlic and it was cooked perfectly!  I have been to a lot of high end steakhouses and I can honestly say this steak is near the top of the list.  I wasn't a huge fan of the atmosphere though.  For the price, it was pretty loud and crowded and tables were basically crammed into a giant room with very little in the way of ambiance.  The service, on the other hand, was top notch.  The waiter was excellent at being very attentive without seeming like he was hovering over us.  Our water and wine were constantly refilled and the food came out at an excellent pace.
5	I would move to Montreal just to go to Gibby's on a regular basis.  After reading the reviews here (thank you Nicholas M), we decided to keep Gibby's on the list of possibilities.  We were up in Montreal for the weekend (basically, all day Saturday, and Sunday morning) with a hockey fan club (Go Devils!!).  After walking around Old Montreal for the day, my hubby and I went back to our hotel to freshen up and head back out for dinner.  We were staying in the trade center and there weren't too many options for dinner (or nightlife), so we wandered down Rue McGill for about 15 minutes, didn't see anything that interested us, so we went back to the hotel to get directions to Gibby's.  Thankfully, we did!!!   We walked about another 15 minutes, turned the corner, and found it - very unassuming - stone/brick front, people waiting in the alcove for the valet parking attendants to bring their cars around...we weren't really sure where the door was, but had 4 people following behind us and we wanted to get in before they did in order to get a table first!  (LOL)...  We found our way in to the packed lobby, the hostess took our name and noted that we were a party of 2, and told us it would be about 45 minutes, but we could go upstairs to the lounge and order a drink while we waited.  We said sure and were lead upstairs to a huge lounge, with only about 8 other people waiting.  We sat at a little table by the fireplace, and ordered 2 glasses of wine from the waitress.  She brought our wine and the hostess came up to tell us that our table was ready!!  The dining room was packed, but not too loud.  The decor was stone and exposed beams and after reading our menus, we found out the history of the 400 year old building (it was part of the stable and the hospital run by the Grey Nuns)....    We checked out the menu and I decided on the Grilled Swordfish special, while my husband got the full-sized filet mignon.  We noticed that all entrees came with a salad, a choice of baked potato, Monte Carlo potato (twice baked potato, blended with sour cream, bacon, and cheese - THANK YOU, AGAIN, NICHOLAS M!!), rice pilaf, and asparagus spears, so we opted out of getting an appetizer since it seemed that the entrees themselves would be more then enough.  After a loaf of tasty, fresh bread was delivered, our salads arrived, and although they were salads (with fresh ground pepper added at the table, and fresh, crunchy, but chewy, croutons, also added at the table) these were the best salads I've ever had (there was a little kick to the balsamic vinaigrette dressing, and some serious garlic...YUM)  After we finished those, a scoop of palate-cleansing lemon sorbet was brought to the table.    Then came our entrees....which were filled with one of the best meals that money can buy (or at least, the best grilled swordfish, filet mignon, potatoes, and asparagus that we've ever had) - My swordfish was perfectly grilled, with the grill marks and all - it tasted like a steak!!  It was PERFECT!  My husband ordered his filet with a  medium temperature - it was more toward medium rare (which is my choice), but definitely NOT disappointing to him nor me!  And the Monte Carlo potato...to die for!  Baked, and re-stuffed with the potato, blended with just the right amount of cheese, sour cream, and bacon, not so you could taste any one part separately, but so all parts 'blended' together into one palate-pleasing medley.  And the asparagus was good, too...  Before our meals came, we noticed some desserts going out to the tables around us and I said 'no matter how full we are, WE ARE GETTING A DESSERT'!!!  Unfortunately, we just had to finish our dinners because we couldn't stop eating, and couldn't let such a fabulous meal end - we had not one inch of room for dessert.  I asked our waitress what time they opened on Sunday, because we were going to come back JUST for dessert, but they open at 5 PM on Sundays, and we would be on our way back to NJ by then.  Next time, I WILL make room for the pastry with the apples and caramel and ice cream, or the chocolate thing that we saw passing our table....  Apparently, Gibby's is the place to go, and  you should have reservations (we found this out on Sunday, after speaking with a 'native' Montreal-an) - but we lucked out and didn't have to wait long for our dining enjoyment.  The prices were a little high (dinner for 2, with all the accompaniments and 2 glasses of wine each, came to about $100/couple) - However, it was definitely worth it for the quality meal and friendly service that we received.  PS - don't go if you are in a rush - they give you time to enjoy your experience - we were there about 2 hours...which was fine with us - We will be back, Gibby's - see you soon!!!  XO
5	No trip to Montreal is complete without dinner at Gibby's.  They start you off with amazing pickles, bread and wine.  The steaks are delicious and consistently cooked to perfection. The menu is diverse, the wine list is amazing and the ice cream stuffed crepes are life changing!!  This is seriously my favorite restaurant in Montreal.The atmosphere is romantic and old world charming.  The service is fabulous.... even on the busiest of nights.  There's nothing I would change. We usually go to Gibby's at least twice per visit to Montreal.  I'm already looking forward to our next meal there!!
4	A quaint building houses one of Canada's best steak houses. Rural old-world charm. Wooden tables, comfortable plush chairs and dimly-lit dining areas give this restaurant a romantic feel.Reservations weren't difficult to get on a Sunday night when called in the day before, although we were told to come at 8-ish. We were seated promptly when we arrived at 8pm.The server brought fresh bread, jumbo pickles and a ramekin of bacon crumbles to the table when we sat down. Pickles seems to be a Montreal tradition, but I've never seen bacon served with bread before, but when in Rome! It did add an extra dimension to the bread though.Appetizers consisted of escargot bourguignonne and mussels provencale. The escargot was excellent, very tender, prepared in the traditional way with garlic, shallots and white wine; served out of the shell in the usual escargot dish. The mussels were baked instead of the more familiar steamed, with tomatoes, herbs and garlic and more bacon!All entrees include a choice of Gibby's salad or gazpacho and are served with a starch choice of baked potato, Monte Carlo potato or rice pilaf. The Monte Carlo potato is similar to a twice-baked potato with cheese and chives. Asparagus was also included.We ordered the filet and the petit filet. The regular filet was massive. I would guess a good 14-16 ounces. The petite had to be at least 10. They are on the expensive side, but given the size and the included salad, starch and vegetable it worked out to be good value for money. The steaks were tender and cooked to the correct temperature and the Montreal style seasoning (pepper, onion, garlic) made them delicious.We rounded off the meal with a shared triple chocolate dessert, which was delightful. We passed on the offer of table-side flaming coffees ($14ea), but the table next to us did order, so we got to see the show.Service was good, but the server would often disappear for extended periods of time between courses. The tobacco smell emanating from her clothing told us where she had been....
4	This now fine dining establishment used to be a horse stable in the 1700's. Much of the stone building was still a part of the modern day restaurant today. We went on Memorial Day Monday which is not a holiday in Canada, so it made reservations a piece of cake. The pickles and bread that come beforehand were delicious. The odd thing though was that the bread came with a dish of bacon bits. Now, I know that bacon makes everything better, but no one was quite sure on what to do with it. However, who are we to question it. We ate our bacon and it was good!!!Ordered french onion soup and shrimp bisque for apps. The FO soup was really good. Very traditional French presentation and flavor. The shrimp bisque was ok, but was my least favorite item during the meal. After the app course, they gave us lemon sorbet as a pallet cleanser. This was a nice touch!!!The entrees consisted of petit filet and regular filet. They were $43 and $49 respectively. They came with asparagus and a baked potato/twice baked potato/or rice pilaf.  The steaks were both huge. Both steaks came out perfectly cooked coated with a pepper/onion/garlic seasoning that was great. We added on a side of mushrooms that were tasty as well. We also ordered 2 bottles of Cote de Rhone wine. It was delicious. On a side note, they were offering a 2 lbs lobster for only $47 dollars. Not a bad deal at all. If I did not live in Boston and was not at a steak house, I would have gone with the lobster for sure.For dessert we shared a triple chocolate dessert. It was light and delicious and the perfect ending to the meal. They also gave us chocolate thin mints that were actually chocolate, not the standard mints that one usually sees. The server was friendly and nice, but disappeared toward the end of the meal. When she came back to the table smelling like tobacco smoke, we knew where she went. While we may have been her last table, this knocked a star off the review. With that being said, if you are ever in Montreal, this place is a must.
4	The place was nice, cozy.. and busy! Service was great and the food came excellent. the portions were very good, as I still had room for desserts. Overall nice environment
4	As with the other reviews, they start you off with the pickles, bacon and bread.  Pickles were great but with dinner and wine, a little odd.  Started with the onion soup and mussels.  Both were very good.  Mussels were drenched with garlic, butter and bacon.    Could not stop dipping the bread into the sauce.  Onion soup was classic french onion done well. Ordered the jalepeno sausages and rib steak, Gibbys cut for main course.  The sausages were good not great and the steak was average.  Ended with the gibbys chocolate desert.  chocolate is always good but this was a little different with crunch that reminded me of stale rice krispies.  Some other tables ordered the apple desert that looked awesome.Atmosphere is what you would expect of Old Montreal and service was very good. Total check was $205 with tip for two people.  We did have a great bottle of Bordeaux  .
4	How can you not like a great steak especially when its in this very cool rustic stone building which is over 200 years old. Apparently this is a tough place to get reservations at but I had no problem calling that morning and reserving a Saturday night dinner at 8pm for 4 people. When we got there we only waited around 15 minutes for our table to open up and considering how packed it was I was pretty happy with that. We sat down and and had 4 completely different dinners all of which are cooked just right and tasted delicious. I had the prime rib, my friends had the rib eye, lamb and some other meal which I have forgotten, but I tried it, and I will vouch for whatever it is that he had. The drinks were a served a little bit different from what we were used to. Now its hard to tell if its a Canada thing or if this restaurant just made it a little different. That hardly takes away from the meal though as there was enough food that we were all satisfied. If we werent going out that night t party after, we would have finished off the food and been stuck in food coma till the next morning...but then again, thats usually what a hearty steak dinner can do to you anyways. Since I dont live in Montreal and its kind of a trip to get there Id love to sample other restaurants before I go back but you better believe I will be telling all of my friends who visit to check out Gibbys.
5	I can't give this place less than 5 stars. It's become a family and friend tradition when we're in Montreal. AND everyone loves the big giant juicy steak after spending a day in the sun at the F1 tracks.The staff always treats us well here. We called about a week beforehand and they told us they were full until 10pm. We pleaded with them informing them we only come once a year and it's our favorite restaurant, so he was able to accommodate us at 7:30pm with this long table in the back for 14 people. Knowing we were hungry, the waiter brought over the pickles and bread and butter. We quickly scarfed it down and each ordered our own entree.The table got the Gibby's steak, artic char, beef wellington and a few other steaks. My Gibby's steak, which I get in rare, was pretty good. I wouldn't say it's the best steak of my life, but it was passing. The steak was cooked to how I like it. Everyone seemed to be pretty satisfied with their meals.I wouldn't take a date here though. It's dark and gives you that old mansion feel.
4	Good time out. Great meal and great service.
5	The food we had was amazing! They gave my wife a little birthday cake and took a photo of us and put it in a framed card to take home. Very cool and thoughtful. The service was a pleasure as well. The only downside is that we were leaving the next day so we could take home the abundant leftovers!
5	Great place for steak.  A group of us that live in Boston visited Gibbys and found the steak to be as good, if not better, than the high end Boston steak houses.  The prices were similar so this is not an inexpensive place, however the price includes a salad and a side which is not the same as Boston.  We found the sauces to be excellent and tried the au poivre and the bearnaise and both were great.Atmosphere was great and the waiter was excellent.  We arrived early and the place was full but they had a great outdoor area for us to wait in.  The only issue we had at all was the waitresses and waiters outside never stopped at our table so we could have drinks while we waited.  We tried to flag down one of the waitresses and she said someone would be right with us.  My guess is they were very busy and somehow our table was forgotten.  Anyone know what you are supposed to do with bacon that they bring out with the bread?
5	Gibby's makes me LOVE the meat! My husband likes coming here, and on his latest business trip I had a chance to join him. The restaurant is located in the Old Port of Montreal, and the historic building is about 200 years old. Once inside you feel you've been transported to a different era. Anything you order is of the highest quality, including the desserts; and although the prices are high, you are paying for what you get: an overall excellent experience.
5	I really loved this restaurant - one of my top picks in the city, and I loved every meal. We started with a variety of appetizers - jalapeno-stuffed sausage, smoked salmon, mussels, olives - they were amazing. I could have eaten the mussels as my meal, they were so delicious.The service was also stellar and the wine fantastic. We ordered the sirloin cruste and petite fliet. Both were fabulous and the sides were also delicious.I can't imagine how anyone could give this restaurant a poor rating. The service was stellar, food and drink were superb and it was such a neat location. Highly recommended overall.
3	Good, traditional steak house... Good choice for a business meeting, but there are better choices for a nice night out.
5	Gibby's was so fantastic that we went there two nights in a row during our recent stay in Montreal! While the place can get crowded and the atmosphere can get a little loud, the tables are large enough and far enough apart that you don't feel too constrained. The building (inside and out) has a very old-world feel - lots of stone and wood and fireplaces. It was very warm and welcoming.But the food is where Gibby's was really perfect. Let's start with the bread - amazing. A hot loaf of pretzely/sourdoughy bread arrives at your table with lots of butter, pickles and bacon. Very fine. I was tempted to ask for a loaf to bring home with me. Our meals (I think all meals?) came with a salad-like starter option. We picked the regular salad option (although there were others), and the salad was plentiful and had a very delicious and light dressing. After the salad, we were given little cups of lemon sherbert, which was light, tasty and the perfect amount. The entree was incredible. Both my husband and I had the petit filet mingon, which was cooked perfectly, topped with garlic and herbs, and accompanied by mouth-watering, burst-of-flavor-in-your-mouth asparagus stalks and (we chose) a plentifully large baked potato. The filet was as easy to cut as butter and melted in our mouths. It was definitely one of the best steaks I have ever had and, while we didn't take anything home, they certainly didn't skimp on the portions. We finished up with the chocolate mousse which (again) was plentiful and mouth-wateringly good. With the bill they also give you some mint-dark-chocolate squares, which were a nice treat. The service was excellent. Our waiters were professional and answered questions. At the end of the meal, Gibby's (like other restaurants we saw in Montreal) settles your bill right at the table with a hand-held electronic system which is fast and easy. Overall, the experience was great from start to finish, and I'm so glad Gibby's was recommended to us.
4	This a good place to eat a grill lobster.  The portion are big and good quality.  The restaurant can also be crowded and a little loud. Good place.
3	Determined to try all the different steakhouses Montreal has to offer, Gibby's was next on the docket. Arriving at around 6 on a Friday night, we were seated immediately. We ordered the clam chowder, the crab cakes, the mustard encrusted steak and scampi on the side. We started the meal off with complimentary bread and pickles. Pickles get me every time. Then came the surprise of the night- lemon granita to cleanse the palate! Unexpected, but most welcome. The clam chowder was very good and hearty, plenty of seafood and potatoes. Definitely made my insides smile. The crab cakes on the other hand were a let-down. For 17$, you get 2 small crab cakes with a red chili aioli. The crab cakes tasted like burnt breadcrumbs more than anything. Definitely made my insides sad.I'm not much of a red meat eater, but according to my boyfriend the steak was good, perfectly cooked to his medium-rare-liking. The steak came with a "Gibby's salad" and a Monte Cristo potato.The service was impeccable- our server Cynthia was fun and attentive. All in all, I would go back to Gibby's but only for special occasions.
4	This place was packed - strongly recommend reservations.  Host was very accommodating, estimated seating at 30 minutes but didn't even have time to order drinks in the lounge before a hostess sought us out to be seated.Lounge: restaurant was filled to capacity, but only a few people in the bar area.  Dim lighting, comfortable seating by the fireplace, rustic stone walls and rough hewn timbers spanning the ceiling.Tables in the restaurant are very close together, and atmosphere is loud. Same rustic look throughout.Service was quick, bordering on brusque. Food promptly served and quick transitions between servings.Lobster stuffed fillet was perfectly cooked and with just the right amount of lobster.Wellington fillet: cooked on the rare side, very thin puff pastry wrap and delicious gravy.Monte Carlo potatoes: twice baked - the way to go.Bread served before meal with butter and chopped bacon in a dish.  Milk bread? Incredibly fresh and smooth texture.Chocolate cake, get it with some port.  Definitely big enough to share.
3	We came here on a friends recommendation.  The food was good, but not really a wow.  The best part was the twice baked potato. The place itself was quaint and cozy & it was nice to see old Montreal.
4	Out of the nice steakhouse's that I've been to in Montreal, this is the best in my opinion.Moishe's is expensive, but it has no atmosphere and the steak is unacceptably inconsistent for the price.  Gibby's has a great atmosphere, with a full restaurant that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside with the low ceilings .The food is consistent and worth the bigger price tag.  Servers are friendly and attentive, fulfilling the expectations that you usually bring to a place like this.They also have great seafood options if you're not in the mood for beef (or lamb, etc.).
5	YUM YUM YUM is really all I need to say about this place! Classy, delicious, and fun. It can get pretty crowded, so reservations are needed, especially on weekends. Their baked potato is a MUST try....and needless to say of course, their steaks are fantastic!
5	Oldskool steakhouse in old Montreal.  I found it through Yelp and decided to check it out while I was on vacation this summer in Canada.  Yelp did not let me down!Old Montreal gives the restaurant ambience by location, but when you walk inside, you get the feeling you're in an old place.  You can almost picture folks huddled around their mugs in an old tavern talking about the days' events in the 1800s.  It's dark inside, but also inviting, and the restaurant was filled with boisterous patrons enjoying a fine meal!The food is classic steakhouse, with very choice cuts and classic styles like Beef Wellington, Steak Diane, Au Poivre, and Bearnaise.  They have chicken (Chicken Kiev too!), and a variety of fresh seafoods and salads as well.They serve a dish of fresh homemade pickles to every table, and they are fantastic!  Gibby's is a can't miss restaurant in historical old Montreal.  A little pricey, but absolutely worth every penny!  I strongly recommend making reservations beforehand.  I was dining solo, so they were able to find me a little spot downstairs, but the restaurant was very crowded - another indication of a top notch restaurant!Enjoy!
5	Great steaks.
5	It's warm, it's cozy, it's inviting. Gibby's is one of Montreal's oldest, finest and classiest steakhouse restaurants. It's hard and very rare to walk out disappointed, which has never happened in all my experiences there. It's worth every penny, and in my opinion, is ideal for the older crowds, a family get together, or celebration.Menu favourites: Clam chowder, rockefeller oysters, crab cakes, filet mignon of beef wellington, lobster.Topped off with my favourite desserts: Hot apple croute, and crepe jubileeBon appetit :)
5	I know Gibbys is a great steakhouse, but when I went I was in the mood for fish. The swordfish was awesome, and I also tried the salmon which was out of this world! I started off with the oysters, which came with a side of horseradish and cocktail sauce, which I also highly recommend. By the time dessert came I was stuffed, but saved room for the complimentary chocolates! Aside from the great food, the service and decor are great!
5	We went there to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. They have special cakes just for birthdays and they also have a photo printed for you in a Gibby's birthday card. Even though they were slammed, the service was great and very quick. The steaks are excellent. It is a very cozy restaurant with a lot of charm. It doesn't feel too snobby, like some restaurants in Old Montreal. I would definitely go back.
4	One of my favorite steakhouses.  GREAT wine list.  Classic : soup, salad and STEAK.  Great desserts too !  Nice ambiance walking through the cobblestones of the Old City into the stables....arrive at Gibby's.  I think a Montreal must.  I gave it a 4, I see lots of 5's..... it's not the best in the CITY, but absolutely overall, a wonderful evening......and I am a foodie....................
4	Everything was really good but not super killer. Maybe I expect too much for a bill that is a over a Hundo per person. The food overall was fresh, cooked properly, tasted good. I just feel I've eaten at better steakhouses and the word on the block was I wouldn't be able to find better. None the less the Gibby cut steak was good and cooked perfectly med but had my friends beef Wellington and it was AMAZING!  Oysters, asparagus, twice baked potatoe were good but not great.Service was great, food was just above average, but nothing impressive...
4	Gibby's is a great place to visit and dine if you are in Old Montreal area. Be sure to make reservation. I hear that the restaurant used to be a place for locals, but after visitors invaded the place. It has attracted more tourists. The place is loud and full of fun energy. The FOOD..yum. steak is cooked to perfection. As many reviewers agreed, the twice baked potatoe is quite good. I had the lobster tails entree (3 tails) and leftover to take back to hotel for lunch the next day. Gibby's, see you on our next visit ! P.S. casual attire. We wore shorts, t-shirts and sandals. P.S.S. bring a fat wallet !
2	Went there after several years, nothing really has changed. The location is still the prime draw. Menu had a few off the wall mains including shrimp curry with mango chutney, which really is a bit out of place given the average price of mains is $40+.  Server seemed already overwhelmed while the crowd had just begun to file in, and forgot the drinks of two people out of a party of six at the table. Steaks are still the best bet, my filet mignon was perfectly cooked med-rare, but was not as juicy as you would expect for $50 hunk of meat. Monte Carlo potato is overrated, and so is the famous Gibby's salad. Bottom line: if you are looking for overpriced but undersized portions with an underwhelming service in a picture perfect setting, Gibby's is the place to go.
4	This place has great steak. and French Onion Soup...the service was a bit spotty.
5	Must be the best steakhouse in the MTL.  Been here three times.  They cover all the cuts of beef and have lots of seafood as well.  The sides are classic with original touches added in.  Very good wine list and friendly service.  Mrs G and I agreed that the server was one of the best we have on memory.It is located in the olde city and the ambience is olde style steakhouse.  If a martini (gin and tonic, scotch and water, etc) followed by shellfish, salad, and steak appeals to you, this is a good haunt.
4	I went here awhile ago while on a business trip. Locals recommended the place, so I felt like I couldn't go wrong. It's like a hidden gem in Montreal; if you didn't know to look for the tiny Gibby's sign on the door, you would literally walk past the place. This restaurant defines luxury: phenomenal service, sumptuous food, and a warm ambiance. Steaks are king here, but the seafood is equally as good. I will definitely return during my next trip to Montreal.
3	Always a great place to eat. The steaks are especially good.  Make sure you get a reservation well in advance.  Very good wine list.  The pickles are always a hit.  Sadly the service is up and down.  We are batting about .500 right now, and it is getting close to us branching out to other places.  The owners need to make all of the servers understand that folks are dropping some good money and expect the human experience to be as the food.
4	I took my parents to dinner at Gibby's in St. Sauveur on Christmas eve where we enjoyed our respective meals and left feeling very satisfied (read: roly poly stuffed!). Because I had been warned about their sizeable portions, I opted to skip the appetizer section; both my mum and I ordered the scampi, which were melt-in-your-mouth DELICIOUS. These were accompanied by rice, asparagus and a baked potato (either plain or Monte Carlo). The meal also included a starter (Gibby's salad, gaspacho or tomatoes/onion dish). I ordered the gaspacho (chilled, tomato-based blend of fresh vegetables and herbs), which was light and simple, though a bit on the garlicky side. My only complaint was that the bowl was too big! I would have been satisfied with half of what they gave me.  My mum ordered the salad, which was a bit plain but very fresh.  My dad started with grilled jalapeno sirloin sausage, served with mango chutney. I had a bite and found them to be nothing extraordinary. The only thing that stood out for me was how spicy they were, but the meat itself was lacking in flavour.  He then had the Rib steak (Gibby's cut), which he raved about for the rest of the night - fresh, full of flavour and about an inch thick.We ended the night by sharing profiteroles for dessert. This dessert is meant to be for one person, but it's huge - with the sizeable meal portions, there is no way I could have eaten 3 of those! They were good, but I'm pretty sure they were frozen, which was a bit disappointing.  The wine list was OK, but not great if ordering by the glass.Overall, a great meal, but a bit over-priced. The service was OK but not fantastic.  I recommend Gibby's if you want to treat yourself, or for special occasions. Get the scampi!
4	We've been going to Gibby's regularly and on Christmas Eve for the last 4 years.  This year we found the service and food better than  last year.  i had the Filet Mignon of Beef  Wellington.  i should have stuck with the Rib steak.  they do a mean Steak here.There is plenty to eat at Gibby's but if you have room for dessert the chocolate mousse is very good.
5	Steak et fruits de mers... A1
3	Gibby's is one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal, so my husband and I made reservations to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary on a Friday night in February.From start to finish, I was disappointed with the whole evening.  We were given a table in the very back of the main floor, wedged between a rowdy table of 6 and only inches away from another couple.  It seemed like we were in the party section as all the other groups around us were loud and boisterous.  We asked to move to somewhere more quiet, but were told that "It's a busy night" and no other tables were available.  So much for an intimate, romantic evening :-(The waiter, although polite to a fault, seemed almost passive-aggressive and a little condescending... And the usually quick service was so slow that we noticed the table beside us turned TWICE in the time it took us to receive our main course. Our appetizers were delicious - when we finally received them. I had the  smoked salmon and my husband had the mussels.     Both were perfection.  The main course arrived quite some time later and while my husband enjoyed his grilled salmon, my filet mignon was cold and under-cooked to the point that I could barely choke it down.  It was so bloody, it made a soupy mess on my plate - I had asked for medium-well.Dessert was somewhat redeeming.  My husband opted for the sorbet trio, which was the perfect light ending to his meal.  I chose the more decadent chocolate delight, which was scrumptious - though had I actually eaten my main course I probably would not have been able to finish it.Overall, the evening was a disappointment because I know how good Gibby's CAN be. It just sucks that they were having an off night on our anniversary :-(
3	Twas the night of a bachelor party, and Montreal was stirring. We'd eaten many hours ago, and our stomachs were purring. A top three steak house and dishes seemingly hard to beat; I think I would've enjoyed my meal had they just turned down the heat!Poetry seems fun as I write this review from the air on my way back from a weekend full of debauchery in Montreal. Gibby's. Oh Gibby's. I'm torn on the rating here. We were a large group in a very crowded basement dining room (had a country club grill room feel to it).Eight of us seated at a round table that would've been optimal for six. The trouble came when the servers had to get to the far side against the wall, a feat only accomplished by squeezing between chairs and reaching over others. Staff didn't come around much in the beginning though, and we probably sat around for 20 minutes after the drinks came before ordering any food. Meh.Things picked up once the meal was served, so on to the important part; the meal.Here were the orders around the room:- Petit filet mignon- 2 lbs lobster- NY strip- sirloin en croute- tuna steak- salmon- halibutThey provided a lovely bib for our lobster eater; he looked like he was going to the dentist. Funny stuff. We all enjoyed our food. My tuna was expertly prepared. So you're wondering, why am I torn?Although the featured items were great (minus one issue with an overcooked sirloin en croute), the dish also included a choice of rice pilaf/baked potato/baked potato Monte Carlo and asparagus. A lot of steakhouses only serve sides a la carte, so this was a perceived plus...Most of us ordered the rice pilaf, which the sever described as wild rice. It tasted great, but was nothing more than plain rice with some specs in it. We each received three spears of asparagus. Herein lies my issue. A top steakhouse can have real wild rice and can afford to be a little more generous with the vegetable, no?In the end, I felt that at least my dish could've been something I made myself. That's not what I expect at a top establishment. So what I felt I got was a really good tuna steak with some rice and a little asparagus that I could've made and spent less money on, all the while enjoying a drastically more comfortable dining environment. The restroom area was at least 15 degrees cooler.The restaurant did comp our coffees because of the overcooked steak, and they also made a complimentary special cake for our special bachelor, which was very, very nice. Unfortunately this place left me feeling underwhelmed, especially in comparison to some of the other steakhouse experiences I've had.All things considered, I respectfully submit three stars for Gibby's. A fine place, but I'd likely look for a new place given the chance to return to Montreal.
5	My dining staple in Montreal for sure.  Everything is simple, done simply, and done perfectly.  The steaks are perfect, the fish fresh and well-prepared, and if you like sauces on your food try the seafood crepe or the beef wellington.  The Gibby's salad which comes with the meal is fresh and tasty, and the sorbet intermezzo is a nice touch before dinner.  The wine selection is good and vast.  And the ambience , in a centuries old stone cottage is quaint and pleasant.  There are other places more fancy and more famous in Montreal...but I find myself eating here at least once a week when I am in Montreal.
4	Great restaurant. The food was excellent, staff was helpful, nice and courteous. Although I was there with somebody who spoke fluent French  the staff was very nice to us who spoke English and were glad to speak English as well. My steak was excellent and the deserts were amazing. The building is a very historic spot and near St. Mary's Cathedral.
4	As always it was great, even if i did not really like the Steak en croute.i tried something new it is not because it isn't good it's just that it masked the that good old steak on the grill taste...my buddy likes it very much so there...the monte Carlo is always excellent...
5	Lovely place (where they serve everything on metal plates, zomg)!Inviting and comforting interior, great service and amazing food.The bread they give you is amazeballs, the pickles are great too...but the bread is where it's at (ate way too much of it). I started with a French onion soup, it was good, I liked the sweetness it had.For my main I had the steak Diane, $50 isn't cheap but it came with two (!) huge filet mignons.So technically you could eat that one plate with two people, it was really that much.On top of that it was my birthday dinner and the waitress served me a birthday cake (big enough for all four of us) and took a picture of me & company, which she later gave me in a Gibby's envelope.It was a great evening.So much food!I'm coming back here for sure, but skipping the appetizers...and probably try to resist the bread (as if).
5	These boys know how to grill a steak - perfect temp on the inside and seared to carmelized perfection on the outside. And I take my steaks rare thank you very much. The boneless rib eye was off-the-charts mouthwatering good; almost melting in the mouth. And what a service team; everyone pitched in to help regardless of what needed to be done. All of our orders arrived at precisely the right moments - just enough time to fully savor the previous course before the next arrived. Dining out has been elevated to an art form and that form is Gibby's.
5	First night in Montreal and we were spoiled for the rest of our meals!  Service was top notch - they had our table reserved and waiting for us even though we were 20 minutes early and they were pretty full.  Waiter seemed to be always around when we needed him for refills, etc...but never really noticed him hovering.Started off with the Escargot and the Shrimp Bisque - both excellent!  They even brought bread, butter, a jar of pickles and a bowl of fresh bacon bits (really????, however we used them up in our salad and entree sides!).We ordered the 22oz bone in Ribeye (Medium) and the 10oz Filet (Medium Rare) - both were cooked perfectly.  The Monte Carlo Potato was like a twice stuffed but with extra onions!!!!!Our waiter made our Martini table side (nice touch) and the wine list had a lot of good selections.Overall, great experience - staff was really top notch and the food was perfectly prepared!
4	PROS:-Great steaks, cooked to perfection. P.S. The steaks are MASSIVE (15 OUNCES!!!) :-O-Complimentary pickles, bread, and a light lemon sorbet between your salad and entree. -Great place to go for steak and special occasions.-Friendly service and not pretentious as might be expected. CONS:-Not a place I would go to more than once a year.
2	I do not enjoy visiting a steakhouse frequently for a health reason since quite some time ago, but if someone asked me what's my favourite place for a steak in Montreal, I would've picked Gibbys without the experience tonight. Gazpacho was really not good so I couldn't finish even a third; Beef Wellington was rare when I ordered medium rare (but still good one!); Gibby's cut rib steak was in much lower quality than before (better at Baton Rouge if I may); Monte Carlo potato was bland but salty; Rockefeller oysters were bitter (having assumed that they put too much liquor into the sauce or cheese), so we returned those and had the fresh ones but they were pretty much the same.After the waiter was told that our last time visit "together" was a year ago, his manners became changed and kind of rude/condescending thereafter. What a strange guy. Gibby's service couldn't be better before if I remember correctly. Too bad. Compared to the previous experiences, only the decor (&servers' uniform) is still lovely. (still nice service at Valet parking, and classy ambience though)So,,I'd rather go to Moishes or other excellent restaurants, believing now people's saying "overrated." Always feeling disappointed to see a favorite restaurant change.
2	Service was borderline passable.  Nothing spectacular for the price, but nothing to really complain about either.  Standard bread and pickles on table to start off but if you want pickles bread and coleslaw go to Moishes especially for the after 9 specials..  Started with a salad which was extremely disappointing and kind of insulting.  it looked and tasted exactly like the pre shredded lettuce bags I get at Loblaws.  The sauce, despite the waitresses claim of being fantastic and popular no better than what is found in the grocery aisles.  I ordered mignons of beef diane which was good.  Perfectly cooked rare, but both the sauce and steak tasted too buttery, and suggested wine pairing with dinner wasn't a hit and didn't go well with the mushrooms and sauce.  If I could have gone back I would have saved myself a few bucks and pick something cheaper as this was not a $50 dish.All in all, I left somewhat disappointed as the food was nothing exciting, and nothing I can't get elsewhere for cheaper.  I don't mind paying a premium on food prices if justified with a nice setting or top notch serve such as Queue de cheval  and it was nice eating in the old port environment.  I'm glad I was dining with some friends and total damage was around $90  instead of ~$200 if I was with my fiance, at which point I would have left absolutely disappointed and annoyed.
2	Under-seasoned + overpriced = underwhelmed. I've enjoyed my share of excellent steaks at top-notch steakhouses in NYC, Chicago, and other major cities. Dry-aged, prime beef well-seasoned and cooked to perfection...perhaps my expectations were too high for Gibby's, but my wife and I were not impressed with the experience. We were seated promptly for our 7:30 reservation on a Thursday evening, given menus, then ignored for 15 minutes. Seriously?  It isn't like they were packed tonight. After finally placing our orders, they brought out a bowl of good garlic pickles, small loaf of bread (nothing special), and 1/2 a stick of butter plopped onto a small searing dish. Wife had the gazpacho & I had the Gibby salad, although the anchovies I requested were not to be found; otherwise, both were serviceable if nothing special. For dinner, I had the Gibby's rib steak. Totally lacking in salt, pretty clearly not dry-aged - I do better with Costco rib eyes on the grill @ home. Decent ambiance, but no way was it worth the $145 for two entrees + two glasses of wine.
5	Waiter Jan smoothed the way through Gibby's offerings - a succulent black cod for me and the rare (spot on) and tender ribeye for my wife Jan (no relation - smile) - wines were finely paired thanks to Jan's counsel and delight was elegantly achieved.
5	This elegant, long-standing restaurant is housed in a 200 year old stable by the waterfront in Old Montreal. I've only been here on rare occasion, for special celebrations, and the last time was over 30 years ago. I brought my daughters here tonight so they can experience one of the city's finer establishments. And I was so glad at it was just as I remembered it to be: gentile and refined with a sense of tradition and history the moment you walk in.First, how wonderful that they offer free valet parking. I made it known that we were just coming in for desserts and coffee, and they were still happy to park my car for me (note: as many may know, parking is a royal pain in the patootie on a busy Friday night at 8pm in the summer! And nearby lots cost $15 to park in them). We were told they could seat is in 30 minutes, so we strolled the old port and Place Jacques Cartier Square, marveling in the business and vibrancy of this great city. Upon returning to the restaurant, we were immediately seated. Tables clothed in white linens, leather-bound dessert menus at our seats. The waitresses were all dressed in period uniforms from the last century. Oh, and the food was divine! My youngest had the epitome of a chocoholic's fantasy: the Chocolate Delight,which was a decadent chocolate mousse-like cake with a crunchy chocolate topping, plated on a gorgeous swirled sauce. She said it was the best dessert she ever had. Meanwhile, my other kid and I shared the Crepe Cerise Jubilee: a thin, delicate crepe with vanilla ice cream with lots of cherries (and some blueberries). This was, hands down, the best dessert I've ever had. Ever. I was in heaven. My cappuccino was too strong for me, but my daughters enjoyed their French teas. And how lovely, to get some dark mint chocolate medallions on our table as a complimentary treat. Very lovely gesture.
4	While I'm not the biggest fan of steak I love some good seafood so when the chance arose to go to Gibby's I said why not.  Situated in Old Montreal the restaurant is housed in an old stable and offers a warm and cozy ambiance.  It also has complimentary valet parking which is good to note since parking in the area can be next to impossible sometimes. The portions here are HUGE so I opted to skip the appetizer.  Besides you also get a starter included with your meal (salad, tomatoes and onions or tomato gazpacho).  I opted for the gazpacho which despite being tomato based was loaded with lots of other vegetables such as green peppers which really upped the flavour of the dish.  Be warned though that there is lots of garlic in the gazpacho so it is not the best choice if you're there for date night!I opted to have the lobster tails as my main with a Monte Carlo potato on the side.  The Monte Carlo is a baked potato with sour cream, bacon and chives and it is definitely a cut above a normal baked potato.  The lobster just fell apart and when dipped in butter was like a little taste of heaven.I finished off with blueberry cheesecake for dessert and the texture was just right.  Also it didn't taste too rich.  The waiter also brought mint chocolates at this point too which was a nice way to finish off a good meal.The service was pretty good except for a couple of minor errors where they brought us the wrong items.  That being said they did correct the mistake quickly.  In the end it was a good meal but given the prices here it's the kind of place where you come to celebrate a special occasion.
3	We came on a good friends recommendation. We took an 8.45pm booking.On arrival the restaurant was fully occupied so we dined downstairs - which was also full. The welcome and service was friendly attentive and informative. We were given ample time to select our options. I do like the initially serving of the pickles...what a healthy and different starter.An important aspect to selecting a main course is that it comes with a three starter option of which we choose a salad and a soup. This is built into the pricing of the main dish. The menu is dominated by fish and steak.We really enjoyed the gazpacho soup - the salad was more basic. On the night my partner was looking for a white meat option and choose the only one, Chicken Kiev. On reflection not a wise decision given the focus of the menu.....this dish was ordinary. Conversely the Fillet Mignon was a splendid choice. Presented to perfection as was the taste.....a very substantial piece and was adequate for us both to share. We shared a crepe, the 'Jubilee'- it was all ice cream and limited crepe.A good wine list and we enjoyed an Amarone, a reserve - it was drinking well. We did have to request that it be decanted.This is not a fine establishment - it is all about the red meat (and the fish).....come with an appetite and you will not be disappointed.
5	I'm planning on another trip to Montreal for the upcoming holiday  and a visIt must include a return to this old school Vieux Monttreal iconic landmark.A great location, Vieux (old) Montreal takes you to another world and centuries away even though you are only 90 miles from Burlington VTBut let's get back to the food...their steak done perfectly( Rib Eye is a favorite)  ample bread and as I recall fantastic pickles...and all reasonably priced.  We started with a Gibby's house salad and frankly the portions were so ample that  sides were superfluous. They are also known for  seafood if red meat isn't your thing.The ambience is old school steak house. A bit rustic..The wait staff attentive  and friendly.  In the heart of the most beautiful section of the city.Full bar...great old school cocktails...a nice wine list.. And the bill with tip was less than you'd expect...certainly the best value for your Canadian Dollar.I recommend a reservation...and get there early...have a drink upstairs while you wait.I suggest stay right in Vieux Montreal ... And become a Francophile ...Vous Aimerez Gibbys!
5	Wow... what a great, friendly restaurant. We hosted a customer dinner for 45 people. The staff was amazing. Took care of everyone and were beyond friendly. The food was delicious, large portions, well cooked steaks. I had the fish and it was yummy. Highly recommend, especially for larger parties.
5	Really cool place... You can see and feel the history in Gibby's interior, but it's not just for tourists. Many locals eat here regularly, and it's easy to see why.The food and service are fantastic, and it's both an experience and a consistently great meal when you come here. They also offer a very nice wine list, and heavenly dessertsRecommended
5	Absolutely amazing. I had the fillet mignon Wellington and the Rockefeller oysters as an  entree. Wine can be ordered per glass, at a very reasonable price. The total is expensive, but you are well stuffed with amazing food. The only downside is that it's quite expensive. My bill came to $300 with tip, for two.
4	Gibby'sIn an ancient stone conventOnce a hospital By the riverWhere French is musicTo my earsThe beams of wood know stories I would like to hearOf anniversaries and partiesLove affairs Fond memories of friendsWaitress almost too tall for the low ceilingsWaiters accommodating and promptA family with a beautiful babyHer older brother carries a toy guitarA mother who gazes at her sonShe is laughing because His story, so funny Is true
4	Decor : Very rustic and home-like decor. Food : a little pricey, but very good and worth it. Everything is well seasoned and well cooked. Service : The staff is very dedicated (considering they all own shares of the business) and very knowledgeable. I'm a person who likes experience above all and this place will offer that. You can go there with a significant other or a larger group of friends and still have a great time. * i prefer this location to the st-sauveur one.
5	First time visitor.  Just arrived to montreal with my wife from toronto.  We've been looking forward to the food here for quite some time.  We were incredibly impressed with everything tonight.  The atmosphere is excellent.  The portions are generous and more importantly tasty.  We really appreciated the mid meal lemon sorbet to cleanse the pallet and the minty dark chocolate at the end of the meal. The steak was a bit on the garlicky side but we agreed to the extra topping.  Will definitely be coming back!
4	We ate here this past weekend for my brother's bachelor party.  We wanted to go to a steakhouse one night, and our hotel concierge recommended Gibby's to us.We were a large group (22), so we sat in 3 separate tables next to each other, which was fine.   The decor is nice and old fashioned.  Our waitress was funny and nice, and we received excellent service from her.I ordered the rib-eye steak (Gibby's cut) and the Monte Carlo baked potato.  Both were delicious.However, there was one extremely disappointing thing about Gibby's that prevents it from getting a five star review. The total bill (including tax and tip) was about $2700.  We asked the waitress if we could have a round of Jameson shots on the house as we paid the bill.  She said she had to ask the manager - she returned and informed us that our request was declined.When you spend $2,700 on dinner, I don't think asking for a round of shots on the house is unreasonable.  The previous night, Weinstein and Gavino's gave us a free round of shots without us even asking, and our bill was significantly lower than $2,700.Bottom line: the food was excellent and so was our service, but the management is low class.
5	Over the top quality, great service. This is a must in old Montreal. It is old but what great ambiance.The calm chowder is a must, one of the best you will ever have. Beef Wellington is fantastic, my wife had the halibut and it was perfect as well.In Montreal do not pass up Gibbys
5	Great steak place!I ordered the snails to start. Fantastic! Not too creamy but had a great flavour!The. I had the rib steak with salad and Monte Carlo potato. The steak was so big! It can be easily shared by two people. I got it medium rare. And it was fantastic! Its seasoning was perfect and the steak itself was juicy and tender. The potato was awesome too, must try!We got the cream puff thing for dessert, it was a nice ending to our meal. I also have to mention their excellent service. There was a small portion of lemon sorbet serviced after the appetizer to cleanse your taste buds and get you ready for your main course. And there was a bowl of water served after the main course for you to clean your hands. Sweet!Anyway, we had a great experience at Gibbys.
5	What not to like about this restaurant?  The setting is beautiful and unique.  The food?  Outstanding!  And I have been to some of best steak places in NY, peter lugar included.  This place topped all.  I loved the sirloin en croute with delicious mustard sauce!  It pained me and my hubby to have to leave some behind as we had no place to keep leftovers!  Now if I can replicate this at home??
4	Gibby's is a very cozy steakhouse in a great location in old Montreal.  I stopped in with a group of coworkers and had a very pleasant experience.  The service was friendly and extremely professional.  This is probably the norm for steakhouses of this caliber, but I don't typically eat at places this fancy.I ordered the "petite" filet-mignon because I wasn't feeling too hungry, and that turned out to be one of the best decisions I've made in a while.  It was still a very large piece of meat and  I struggled to finish it.  A few of my coworkers got individual steaks that could have fed a family of four.  We also ordered a few bottles of wine which were all very good.Overall it was a good experience, and given its proximity to my hotel, I would likely return again.
2	Had high hopes. Lots of children and grandparents, people in very casual wear. Hotel made the reservation, yet we were still seated next to a bussing station. Good for tourists and families with small children, but if you are two adults wanting a nice meal, check Yelp for other suggestions.
2	it's for American tourists. Not much local individual will show up here. Food is in HUGE portion and had long lost its French spirit.
4	My steak was cooked to perfection!  Gibby's never fails to disappoint. The last time i was there i shared the Oysters Rockefeller which were really tasty. I ordered the filet mignon which was a good size and perfectly medium rare. The service was really good and the decor made me feel like I was in a nice cabin enjoying a great steak with friends. I don't mind paying the price for a meal this good. I left so full really had no room for dessert at all. Yes it was expensive but sometimes its nice to treat yourself. Major plus is this place is in old Montreal, probably one of the nicest parts of the city with a lot of tourists and close to the water.
2	After all the Yelp hype and personal recommendations, I was so disappointed to discover that Gibby's did not live up to either.  I went a couple of months ago for a work trip with 4 other people from my company, 3 of which were of the same opinion as myself about the food.  We started with the salad with Gibby's signature dressing.  I will pat Gibby's on the back for their AMAZING homemade salad dressing... I tried to buy a bottle or two, but they were repackaging it and didn't have any on hand at the time.  I'm sorry to say the salad dressing was the highlight of the evening and things went south from there.My coworker and I ordered the beef wellington next.  I have never tasted a more bland and utterly inedible piece of meat in my life... my coworker felt the same.  I wouldn't have taken a second bite if my boss wasn't paying $50 for the thing.  It tasted like it was barely sprinkled with salt - no other marination whatsoever.  The accompanying mushroom gravy, A1, and Worcestershire didn't help either.  I couldn't imagine how much worse it could taste reheated, so I most certainly did not take the rest to go.Another coworker who ordered the rib eye steak was also not impressed, even after dousing it in the sauces mentioned above.  Another coworker order the fish course, which she was not fond of either.  Our team is from Texas and we've had some truly great steaks there for half the cost of Gibby's.  The service, however, was excellent.  I couldn't bring myself to mention to our kind and attentive waiter how disappointed I was about my main course. If you've absolutely got to experience Gibby's, have the salad, a side dish and dessert and stay for the cozy atmosphere and great service.
5	I love this restaurant.  I have been here with family, customers and other people from work.  The steaks are amazing.  The Beef Wellington is probably my favorite.  This is a pricy restaurant but it is worth it!  Go with a few friends, take your time, relax and enjoy!
5	Gibby's should definitely be on your list if you're a meat lover. And if you're looking for a full-blown meat experience, you won't leave disappointed, as the menu offers a wide range of steaks, cuts, and even more finest dishes such as fish, chicken, seafood, etc.Gibby's is stacked in a 200-year-old building, which gives to the restaurant all its charm and ambiance. Magnificent and stunning. I had nature oysters as the appetizer. They were absolutely delectable. These were followed by the Gibby's salad and the Petite filet mignon, very rare AKA blue. One word to remember here : tender. To top it off, I added to the whole experience the Gibby's layered chocolate cake. Dinner couldn't have been better without it. Simply delicious and special. Only thing that could be improved is their wine list. Since I'm a wine lover, I love to pair good and funky wine to my delicious dish. Sad that their "exhaustive wine list" isn't that exhaustive. I wish they could add more private importation bottles and also by the glass.Service was lovely, professional and fast. The waitress gave me nice recommendations.
5	Hands down, my favorite restaurant on the planet. I live in New York City and this restaurant is a good 5-6 hour drive, some fridays after work i legitametly wrestle with the idea of going up for the night just to have Gibbys. The service is top notch, atmosphere is extremely rustic, almost a medieval feel but i love that. Stone walls with raw wood trim everywhere, roaring fireplace, the works.  Everytime i go i get the escargot to start which is the best ive had and the steak en croute. Its an expensive dish, no doubt, but extremely tasty and worth the hefty asking price of $42.00. Its basically breaded steak cooked to perfection, served with a warm mustard peppercorn sauce on the side. Bliss. If i were to have one gripe about this place and it is only one, that is their beer selection. Nothing from canada on tap. As a matter of fact there is nothing on tap at all. The wine selection is endless but i would love to be able to have a hearty pint of Rickards Red with my steak.
5	This restaurant is outstanding.  The food is terrific!!!  The atmosphere is warm and comfortable. It is beautiful.  The service was great! My husband had rib eye and I had a Cajun rib eye.  They were the very best.  The Cajun was really spicy. The twice baked potatoes were very good.We highly recommend this restaurant and can't wait until our next trip to Montreal to go again.
3	Ok looks like I will have to come back again ...I was not impressed with Gibby's rib Steak perhaps, I came on the wrong day; but from a taste (let in savor in your mouth each bite for  30 seconds) perspective it did not make my top 10 steakhouse list ... The baked bread and pickles were excellent as were our side dishes. Atmosphere cosy, sweet decor, great place for a date.  Our server was a little loud excitable but friendly as compared to what you might find in other venues in other cities. I will come back I have a feeling I won't be disappointed the next time around.
5	Gibby's is old school and great.  The menu is full of classics like a New York or Steak Diane.  The building is classic Old Montreal, big old stone barn, free valet parking and a big dining room (only wished they had a patio).  Get the Monte Carlo (twice baked) Potato, loved the Gibby's salad, fresh bread and the bowl of sour pickles.  The steaks were huge and the fish was fantastic.  I had the Rare Tuna and someone else had the Salmon.  Ask the server for suggestions, she had tons of ideas.  Treat yourself to a classic dining room experience.  I thought it was well priced, it's not cheap, but worth every cent.  Highly recommend.
3	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Saturday evening. I thought the food was mediocre at best. I ordered the smoked salmon and my boyfriend had the NY steak. I felt like the salmon was over-smoked. I wanted the Monte Carlo potato, and asked to have no bacon added in (I don't eat meat), but the server said the potatoes were already pre-cooked. Kinda sucked. The bread roll was very good, sweet and served alongside with bacon bits, and pickles. They also have an extensive wine menu. It was a busy night when we went- the restaurant was packed, so staff wasn't as attentive to our table. Yummy chocolates at the end of the meal. Overall, we felt the food was fine, but overpriced.
3	Service failures overshadowed good food. When we first arrived, we had to hear waiters arguing and discussing the chair arrangement of a large party...at the end of our meal we had to wait 20 mins to place a dessert order because the large party paid individually.  Both are totally unacceptable for a high in  restaurant.  They did comp our dessert without asking, however, management huffed when I went to them to explain what was happening.Food was OK, however, not outstanding.  With so many choices in old town...I would not put this restaurant at the top of the list.
5	Great food and service at this Montreal treasure! Located in old Montreal, this spot had a vast menu and provides a great dining experience from start to finish.
3	Good restaurant overall.  The creamed spinach was nice and the Monte Carlo potatoes with the entree was very good.  The steak was well marbled and had a good consistency was ok.  For a non-aged steak it was flavored well and cooked to the right temperature.  The palate cleanser before the main meal was a nice touch.
5	Best Steak in the City!
5	Gibbys is an old time classic steak house that is definitely one of the best in downtown Montreal and in my mind could be the best consistent restaurant in the old port.  You enter this place and it has a rustic charm feel to it that is both warm and cozy. Like being in an old lodge or tavern. Word has it that is used to be the stables for the horses way way back! Onto the menu. There are so many different cuts of beef that even the most difficult curmudgeon will find something to his or her liking. They excel with their peppercorn or mustard sauces on steak. Also there is an excellent selection of fish (salmon, tuna, swordfish, Arctic char) just to name a few. Shrimp and lobster of course. Really a super duper menu! On this fine evening I had selected the curry shrimp. I know this is a steakhouse but eating a big morsel of steak at 8:00 pm = a bad nights sleep for me! The curry shrimp came out on a very generous serving on rice with pampadams and asparagus. I found the curry sauce a bit gooey but it had a decent spice and was flavourful and fragrant. One the less! Portion size here is "unbuckle the pants" a bit big! We had 18 people in our group and it was one of the best group dinners we've had together! Everyone had a blast!
4	Looking for great food & atmosphere, look no further!!Situated in Olde Montreal, the decor of Gibbys is wonderful. An olde stone building with lots of history, reminiscent of an olde tavern. The atmosphere is warm w/ a sense of luxury.We came for 6:00, promptly seated by friendly waitstaff.Bread, butter, pickles...... & bacon bits served with every meal. Very tasty.The french onion soup was very good, if I had to nit pick....too much cheese.Salads were very fresh, crisp lettuce, onions & very nice house vinaigrette dressing. In between courses a seldom seen citrus Sorbet, an old classic!We opted for the smaller rib steak, even the small was at least 16 oz. The Gibbys cut would have been far too much beef.The steaks were cooked perfect with just enough seasoning not to overpower the flavour.We recommend Gibbys steak house for great food, atmosphere & dining experience.Please be aware Gibbys is not a cheap steakhouse, it is worth the visit. A table for 2 could easily spend $250.
5	Once again went to Gibby's on Christmas Eve with a few friends as we have done for the past several years.Food is very good.  Service was good.  We would have preferred to sit in the main dinning room.  That would have made the evening perfect.
5	This place is a classic. It has a cosy old Montreal ambience, very good service, valet parking, a fairly varied menu and prices to match its classic style.  The food is good and portions are generous.
