4	How this Wal-Mart has never been reviewd I don't know.JUst over the 215 this mega Wal-Mart Supercenter is of the best keptsecrets around.It's in a shopping center with dozens of other stores.Unlike other locations it has:Big wide aisles,nice new carts lots of parking and self-check.It's worth going out of your way & paying a few $$ more to avoid the long lines and empty shelves at other Wal-Marts.And the people are actually friendly & happy to be working here.
1	I cannot believe I am the first to review this Wal-Mart location. Avoid it at all costs. I have been a loyal Wal-Mart customer for many years but refuse to step foot in this location. The employees are extremely rude & if you happen to ask any one of them a question regarding a product you would like to purchase, they act as if you are disturbing their gossip fest with their fellow employees. The bakery staff has lost a few purchases from myself & family members due to the fact that they are never behind the counter & we have waited patiently just to be told they do not have "marble" cake. How do they not have marble cake? I do have one good point to make about this Wal-Mart location and that is their Optical Department. My son spent $400.00 for a new pair of glasses & says it is the best money he has spent.
3	They're in the process of remodeling and they also just changed their signage and official name.  It is not longer Wal-Mart, but just walmart.There was a few snags with their new registers last week and it literally took me an hour to checkout and there were only three customers in front of me.Despite those set backs, I am optimistic that service there will improve.
3	I don't love Walmart overall, but I do go in occasionally for their low prices on personal care products and a few other items.  This store has average cleanliness, products supply, and service.
5	Nearby, grocery section, art section, disappointed that they got rid of the fabric section, they had fabric for $1/yard! This is one of my favorite locations. It's always pretty clean and parking isn't as difficult as it is else where.They've remodeled the store and it seems like they move everything every time I go there, it's a pain but I can read and I have the capability to ask the associates where things are, so it's no biggie. :)
4	Early Sunday morning no one there, but that means fewer check-outs open.  Now that they have re- configured the store, no longer able to go in through garden center and pick up pet supplies or health, beauty supplies quickly.It's also a darn shame they decreaseed the craft suppies like fabrics.  Still cheapest prices overall.
4	This is my Wally World.  Now that the renovation is complete, things are back to normal.  I would give them 5 stars, but they are so bad about their inventory.  If an item sells out, it may take weeks before they get it back.  Also, why do some Wallys sell different items?  I can't get Ken's Blue Cheese dressing here, but I can in almost every other Wally World.  Go figure!
1	Don't be fooled by the part of town this location is in as it's one of the worst ones in town. As having worked for Coca-Cola and having to go in to multiple Walmart locations because of my job I've seen the worst of the worst. This location has poor service as do all other locations, they do not handle produce well in the backroom. They leave meat deliveries out for several hours, far longer than what is healthy and required, and the people that shop here are mostly dirty and not taken care of, and quite obnoxious and loud. Avoid this at all costs and go to Target Greatland or Fresh & Easy for groceries which are cheaper than Walmart GURANTEED, go price compare for yourself, you'll be shocked at how much you've been lied to by Walmart, they really are NOT the cheapest around, check for yourself.Don't be fooled by the part of town this location is in as it's one of the worst ones in town. As having worked for Coca-Cola and having to go in to multiple Walmart locations because of my job I've seen the worst of the worst. This location has poor service as do all other locations, they do not handle produce well in the backroom. They leave meat deliveries out for several hours, far longer than what is healthy and required, and the people that shop here are mostly dirty and not taken care of, and quite obnoxious and loud. Avoid this at all costs and go to Target Greatland or Fresh & Easy for groceries which are cheaper than Walmart GURANTEED, go price compare for yourself, you'll be shocked at how much you've been lied to by Walmart, they really are NOT the cheapest around, check for yourself.
4	What can I say I love wally-world(shout out my favorite one on the east coast). Hell coming from ca wally-world was never open 24 hrs nor did they offer oil changes(haven't had that done yet). So yeah I go 4-5 times a week. It's a good place for me to check out hot eye candy as well.  Side note one night I brought some cookies and when I got home they were already open and half empty. So yes I called and drove back to wally-world since it's on 10mins from house. Yeah they did let me switch and replace them- but of all the Walmart I have been to- I never had to have a receipt to return something. Overall since Walmart is my one of my favorite stores to read free books and magazines  I can't complain. Side note they do have this one slow cashier that takes forever-she should actually be a greeter. Hell with her working there, they need self- check out. Yeah the pharmacy part was able to pull up my information unlike the ones in ca -stating I have never in there system. Which is a plus-
3	Well all I can say is it's a walmart. The customer service is not that good just like every walmart and it is always busy. The main problemmwith this place is though and my wife and I both agree that the shelves never seem to have certain things which sucks, they probably have it in the back but with how the customer service is I wouldnt want to ask. Good prices except inflation is starting to get to everything just like everywhere else. Not bad for a walmart though but I think I am starting to choose target over walmart.
2	this review is only for their automotive center. I had them replace all the tires and windshield wipers on two of my cars. i'd figure they hook me up with some type of discount for all the work i had them do. they didn't know how to remove my wheel center cap, to balance my tires and was sayings that is wasn't possible, i dunno about that, they ended up breaking one and tried fixing it with super glue, horrible job on that. i showed him how to remove the rest but never got a discount for their guys breaking my stuff. the windshields wipers were also installed incorrectly cause usually they line horizontally now one of them are more like 45 degree pointing upwards. probably wont come back to this Walmart for auto service again but their wait area is clean, had a TV, and some magazines, and they were informative on some other automotive related questions of mine. my first two star rating.
5	Always low prices! Clean floor. Clean staff. You just gotta love Wallyworld! I mean.. past the political stuff :)
4	i've only patronized 1 other Walmart before this one, wasn't very thrilled. gotta say, after this visit, i may just be a fan. had to stop by here to populate my folks new house with baby necessities. quite impressed with the varied selection of items as well as the prices. we found baby einstein CDs, a little baby wading pool, diapers and a carseat. the place was very clean and well stocked. the aisles were very well looked after. nothing coming falling off the shelves or laying on the ground. made finding everything easy.  i do have to admit, i was slightly amused by the people here. very similar to all those Walmart Shoppers pictures that i get forward to me in email every other week. i think i may need to invest in some daisy dukes for myself to wear with my matching fishnet t-shirt. oh well, when in rome!
5	I love my walmart by me. It's always clean, organized, friendly people. Not much more I can say on that :-)
5	I LOVE WAL-MART because on my side of town it's clean and it's cheap plus open 24/7 I hate shopping during the day-time.
1	The photo center sucks as u can print instant pics but paying for them is a pain in the butt.... I will go to target instead as maybe they will allow to pay up front counter. And manager showed up with no help,saying ooh you will be helped soon, what an idiot?
2	This Walmart kinda sux, they never had the things i want! asking for the sale associates to show me where things are, they literally had me looked all over the store. i dont think they know where the merchandises are either. Very disorganized!
4	I know that liking Wal-Mart probably makes me a horrible person, but I can't honestly say anything bad about it! It is close to my house, it is open 24 hrs/day, 364 days/year (I found out the hard way that they are not open on Christmas Day), and have a full supermarket, pharmacy, photo center, garden center, auto center, and everything else you've grown to know and love in a Wal-Mart.  I've purchased everything here from clothes to soap to presents to liquor to stuff for dinner, to cat litter. The prices are right, everything is well organized, the store is kept clean, and the employees are helpful, for the most part.  They usually have plenty of registers open (although no self-checkout at this location), and the lines overall move relatively briskly. Yeah, I know somewhere my liberal friends weep for me, but I can't give up my Wal-Mart!
1	SUCKS.    Dont know what I hate worse about this particular Walmart, the employees, the fact that there is NEVER enough check out open, or the face they have less to choose from than any of the other walmarts I visit.  parking is awful too!
1	All I wanted was an international phone card. Every Walmart in the country sells them. For some reason this one doesn't. After about 10 minutes of looking, I decided to ask a worker working in the electronics departments. I ask him: "Where can I find the phone cards?". He replies: "Uggh?". I ask again: He replies: "What?". I spell it out for him: "P-H-O-N-E C-A-R-D-S". He replies: "Huh?"I decide to ask another worker next to the paper towels. He replies: "What?". I try again. He replies: "What?" I leave and attempt to ask another worker. Now, both these workers were White-American men in their 20s who had southern accents. Yet, for some reason they couldn't communicate using the English language.  I would expect that from recent immigrants, most particularly from all the Russian, Asian and South American immigrants here in LV, but not those guys.. Whats going on here in Las Vegas? No one speaks English anymore, not even the White folks whose families were probably here when the Declaration of Independence was signed! For my 3rd attempt I try to ask an African-American worker. I ask him: "Where are the phone cards?". Guess what his answer is? He replies: "WHAT?" I am now extremely irritated. I attempt to ask again, and FINALLY he gives me directions to the department where I can find them. He tells me to go to a particular isle, and then walks off. I then walked over to that isle, and it was the motherf*cking Soda Isle. Now, I was really pissed. I then walked over to the supervisor who appeared to have been of Filipino or Chinese descent. I ask her the same question I asked everyone else. Guess what her reply was? No, I really want you to guess what her motherf*cking reply was? "WWHHHHAAATTT???". I then went to another supervisor who was of Latino descent. Finally I got a real answer. But, it was a stupid one. She said that Walmart doesn't sell phone cards. Well, I have been buying phone cards from Walmart for the last 5 years, so I think she might have been a little incorrect in her answer. It was at this particular time that I blew up. Believe me, I had one of my stereotypical profanity filled violent blowups right next to the customer service booth. Ironically, when I am walking out the door I see a badly bent and torn international phone card laying on the floor near the hair saloon. So it proves that they do have them somewhere in the store. What is it that causes people here in LV to lose the ability to articulate speech and all verbal language skills? Is it drugs? Is it the intense heat? Is it the poor public schools? Something is causing massive brain damage in this town.
4	This Walmart is my go-to Walmart.  It's not that close to home, but when the choice is between here and the little old one on Rainbow and Cheyenne, it's a no-brainer.  This store is big, clean, bright.  It's a superstore, which the one on Rainbow is not.  Parking is not as bad as some of the other stores, and customer service doesn't seem to be as crowded when I have to return something.  I don't want to like Walmart, but if they have the item you're looking for - a dubious proposition - it's always cheaper than CVS or Walgreen's.  And when I compare it to my local NJ Walmart, which is hell on earth, this place is Paradise!
3	The store is very spacious and contains a McDonald's and other mini-stores inside.There was a small spill in one of the isles and I was surprised how fast the janitor got there. I made my way toward the tech section and noticed that there were no employees to be found. There wasn't even a person manning the mobile section as there should be. The lines were a bit long , I spent a good 9 minutes in line.Overall I had an OK experience and will be returning again.
3	I liked this walmart, it was big, well lit, the parking lot was well organizaed.The lines where a nightmare, but hey it's walmart, sit back and enjoy the people watching!
4	I live 5 mins from this WalMart so I basically come here for EVERYTHING. The area around this WalMart is also not that ghetto so you can feel safe while buying your items. haha. Produce section can get low at times and sometimes the quality isn't that great so make sure you're there at a good time of the day before everybody gets to it. Workers seem polite and cashiers will sometimes chat with you.
3	I only go to this Walmart when I absolutely have to. I work certain days near this one and stop by to grab something I might really need since this location and another location are the closest to my house and it is a 10.5 mile drive to either one. I do all my regular shopping at the other one. This location always seems messy and not stocked.
4	This has to be one of the cleanest, classiest Walmart's I have ever been to. Been a fan for years. As an off again on again Summerlin resident, being back on this side of town finds me here a lot! They have the best prices and the broadest selection! I love chatting with the cashiers too when I check out, but then again, I kinda do that everywhere I shop! lol!This location stays clean and organized. I can't say the same about other Walmart's I've frequented in the Vegas Valley. If I have to shop Walmart, and we all know because of the prices...we have to....I would go out of my way to shop this one. Great employees and great atmosphere. Occasionally you get your dose of your typical Walmartians, but it's all good. Comes with the territory I guess. Kudos on this store's manager and team!
1	This store has gone south in its cleanliness in the produce department. I was there on September 14th 2012 and made a complaint regarding how disgusting I found this area to be. The bins where the produce is displayed are sticky to touch and leave a slimy residue on your fingers and hands. It is transferred to some of the items packaged so when picked up it is passed on to your hands. The glass display near the South end looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in weeks.This makes me wonder what I might have missed in the meat and poultry department.I also complained about the lack of maintenance on the carts as the majority are a pain to push around with bumping wheels that make the carts pull to one side making it difficult to guide them in the direction you wish.Last of all I made complaints about the lack of air conditioning during the hottest days this last summer with temp as hight as 113 degrees outside the building. I guess Walmart is trying to maximize profits as usual. Considering how they cheat foreign labor, paying little for a ten hour day six days or more per week, making massive profits per item sold you can hardly believe.So much for Americas number one international business, another Corporate Exploiter.I would have taken some pics but my phone is broken.I don't know if it would have done any good to call the Health Department seeing how powerful Walmart is in America.I am going back to Other super markets nearby, it's cheaper in the long run and healthier .
3	Walmart is great because it is inexpensive and they have pretty much anything you need.  But its disorganized!  Products are on the wrong shelf so when you go to the checkout stand, the price that was on the shelf does not match how much it rang up for.  Luckily they know that and will give you the price you said it said it was for.  They do not have enough checkers so be patient in line.  The employees are friendly but could put on more of a front to make me feel more welcome!
3	Just another WalMart. Lots of other choices within the lot.
3	Occasionally venture to this Walmart if I'm in the neighborhood or I'm looking for something specific that my Wally World doesn't have. I hate the parking here. There's never enough check out lines open. The shoppers are usually slow, rude, like to ge in your way. No Walmart is awesome but I like my Walmart much better...Arroyo Park off Rainbow and the 215.
2	NEVER use their site-to-store option at this store.  I've used it twice and both times the wait is over 30 minutes NOT because there's a line but because no one responds to the call for service at the desk!  What's more aggravating is that Walmart staff pass by the counter every few minutes but no one offers to help...and make the effort to ignore you.  Can we really blame them?  Is Walmart paying these people to care?  Prices are great...but at the expense of service.  I'd rather pay the extra $10 to get items delivered from now on if I'm unable to avoid shopping at Walmart!
4	How can you go wrong with Walmart.  The reason I like Walmart over Target is they have more selection and more in stock.  Target tends to try to have a snotty attitude but they're a DISCOUNT CHAIN!  Target needs to get over itself... that's why I like to go to Walmart.  I always feel if i buy something at Walmart and don't like it, I can easily bring it back.  Also, if you have a problem with the price of an item, say something to the cashier and they may just take something off for you!  You can feel confident if you buy a product here, you're probably getting the best price.. or very close to it.. .without having to go anywhere else.  They have a complete grocery store as well as basic hardware, automotive, home improvement, electronics, pharmacy and eyewear sections... and a salon too!  Speaking of a pharmacy... they just installed a new "health machine" to replace the old "blood pressure" checker... the new machine has multiple tests: eyes, blood pressure, body mass index, etc.  Check it out...it's cool!  And.. they offer to email the results to you and it makes product recommendations such as fish oil for me because in a brief survey before it started the blood pressure check i told it my family has a history of heart desease.
1	Not enough employees at this location. Had to wait 30,min for an employee to assist me in the fabric department, if Hobby Lobby was open on Sundays I would have went there. Not my normal location.
1	Store is mess, Lines are always long and staff could care less..
3	I used to go to the Walmart on Charleston on Sunday nights. Shelves always seem to bare there. No problems with this location. Always have enough cashiers on Sunday night so the wait won't be too painful
2	Every time I go into this store it seems that the shelves are always bare.  I have tried shopping there on every day of the week and they never are stocked.  It could be weeks before they get anything in.  Totally amazing!  My tuna, drinks, coffee, pasta are just a few items that they haven't had for weeks.  I go at least every other day to check as it is close to my home, and nothing...ridiculous for such a busy store.
5	This is one of my favorite Walmart's by far. It is always clean and well stocked. The staff are amazing, very helpful and very friendly. Carol the door greeter is such a sweetheart! The produce and dairy departments rock. Oh yea the bakery/deli crew is pretty to too. Overall Id say all the department's hold it down! I will say on the down side it does get really busy. Expect long lines on weekends.
1	I have such a love-hate relationship with this Walmart.. I don't understand, it's not in that bad of a neighborhood but it still seems so ghetto... It's dirty, unorganized & the workers hate being there..One time I was buying a pack of water and so when we were checking out I put it on the belt and the cashier snapped at me and was like "umm you're not supposed to put that up here... It's bad for my back and I'm not going to pick that up.." yuppp great customer service! Trying saying in nicer! PFTTTTTHOT TIP: drive a little further and go to the Walmart that is on Arroyo Crossing.. it's much better!
3	The "Wall" is a shopping entity like no other.  There is no other place that I know of that customers are acceptable to wear any type of clothing or lack there of and feel like they are walking around their house like they just woke up.  That hilarious aspect aside, this Mega Store has everything and anything you could possibly want.  From groceries and bedding to automotive care and puzzles, this store has everything.  At first, we never used to shop here, but then we noticed there were an abundance of sales on DVDs, baby food, diapers, dog food, etc.  Overall, it just came down to pure economics and ease.  They have a McDonalds on site as well so if you get an itch that only a chocolate milkshake or #2 would satisfy or just want to McNug it up, this is the place.
1	I went in to get an oil change for my parents car because my dad had no time to do it himself before we leave to California early tomorrow morning. i went in by myself to get it done, they were very friendly.  the black guy that lives just down the street from this Walmart had helped me.  when i was called to pay for the service, the guy was telling me all the wrong things with the car. i said i'll let my dad know.  i went home to tell him about it and he was very upset because he knows what they had put  on the invoice are lies.  my dad is a mechanic, deals with all the cars in the house, and people go to him about cars.  he went to go check on the car and he said let's go back because they fucked up.  so we went back my dad had explained why he's angry.  they didn't take fault for what they did wrong.  they were still saying that the car had a rounded drain plug, was leaking upon arrival, and one quart less.  little did they know that my dad had checked the oil the day before so he knows where the oil was at.  for the rounded drain plug, my dad did the last oil change and he knows it wasn't rounded. he asked to see the old one but it was no where to be found.  for the leakage, they were trying to say that it was leaking, if so then why isn't there a spot on the ground where the car is parked.  by the time we were leaving the Filipino guy from Maui was very rude.  when i went to go drive the car back home, they had knocked the rear view mirror out of place like what the fuck guys.  very poor service.
4	This Walmart is a lot better than the one at 7200 Arroyo Crossings. Yes, some of the people that shop here are ghetto and they have more bums. But this place has a lot of more things in stock and it's more organized.  Arroyo's Walmart it's in a better, friendlier part of town but is always sold out of merchandise. So you can go to this place and deal with ghetto people and get your shopping done or try your luck at the rainbow/215 one.
3	For some of us, appearances really matter.If you're going to pick up one or a few items, running in and out within 15 minutes, then I would say this store fits the bill for that task.Due to what other reviewers pointed out to be what appear to be transients and / or undesirable (looking) people in the store and parking lot, I would recommend selecting another location for more, in depth shopping.
1	A Nightmare, 30degs out side, Car battery went out one year after buying it. Then my battery Type had been discontinued, but before they told me this they sent me to another walmart saying it was in stock. after asked for my refund they wanted to give me a gift card. i didn't want a toaster i needed cash to buy a battery else where. Stupervisor, Ast. Manger, then Manager told me to beat it. After he walked away from me. i followed him letting my displeasure be heard to him and others around him about how walmart not honoring my warranty even though i did nothing wrong. After that he approved the refund for cash, and i got to work the next day.How come walmart's never on the list of worst companies in the U.S, There qulity of Customer Service,&  Meat, is poor at best. There lines are always LONGGGG, and there products are rarely stocked in the correct places. is .10 cents savings per dollar worth it.Bring back our Family Shops.
4	Without a doubt the cleanest and best stocked Wal-Mart in the area; and for the most part the one with the least vagrants outside asking for money.  Certainly not 'high standing' achievements to offer the very basics of safety and cleanliness, but compared to the two on Charleston and one on Spring Mountain a definite 'step up.'
2	I was on a hunt last night for Breaking Bad S4 (if you watched the show you know this was serious). My girl and I already went to a few stores with no luck. We went straight to electronics and asked Daniel if they happened to have any in stock, because there weren't any on the shelves. He told us to find the UPC number and take it all the way up front to customer service to help us find one... Where we met the kind lady who told us Mr. Daniel could have done the exact same thing to help us. Apparently he just wasn't in the mood that night. Thanks for the help Daniel!
2	Such a love hate with this place. It's always cheap place to shop. It is a bit unorganized inside.
5	Best Walmart! From the other Walmarts I went to, this is the BEST! The lines are very short, cleaner, and always has the supplies here. Great staffs that always greet and helpful. Would recommend!
1	I am not a big fan of Walmart. Never have been and never will be. Sure things may be cheaper but for the headache and anxiety that I get...no thanks. I only come here if I really need something like Sprouts organicBaby food which is cheaper here than at an organic market. Anyways, I haven't been at Walmart in ages. I had ordered something online for in store pick up since I didn't want to pay for the shipping. Bad mistake. You have to walk all the way to the back of the store to even pick up an item and then there's just the one older lady who does the photos and pick up. I had one person ahead of me but the lady was already in the back finding his package. She came out about 5-10 min later. It was my turn next and it took her a good 15 minutes to bring me my package. Obviously this system is not the best system unlike other stores where you walk in and pick up with no hassle. Customer service has always been iffy here. There's always long lines at the cashiers which equals long waits especially on the weekends. I would avoid coming here on the weekends if possible. Overall it's a big box retailer so I'm sure they don't care if I'm not a frequent shopper.
1	You think that for being on this side of town that this would be a nicer Walmart, completely opposite. I get it, it's Walmart.....you get what you pay for. But when it comes down to getting sexually harassed by male employees, that's where it draws the line for me. I try not to shop here but when Target is closed and I need something ASAP, I will suck it up and go here. There's always a group of ghetto employees loitering by the entrance later in the evening, cat calling at every kind of female that walks by, smoking, and using offensive language. Try to avoid this location at all costs.
3	What can you say about Wal-Mart... It's Wal-Mart!I think the thing I like is the super-store so I can get everything in one spot.  No need to shop around, overall they have the lowest prices and if you found lower, it wouldn't be worth the cost of gas to save a few cents.I will buy pantry items but don't trust the meat and the produce is OK but kind of lower grade products.
3	It's like every other walmart; it's busy on the weekends, friendly workers/customer service is hit or miss, there's usually some level of random items totally out of place (which is not the employees fault; in a store so big it's going to take a bit before someone notices a DVD in the cracker section). One thing I have noticed is that the outdoor area in the garden center is often very difficult to get a cart around in. Right after Christmas it was packed with boxes of clearance items and I made the mistake of trying to look and got my cart stuck. Went there again today and I was looking at the plants and there were bags of soil on the ground that blocked the path. I guess if you head toward that section, you better leave your cart behind if you want to get through.
1	This review is for the pharmacy. On May 8th I went inside to pickup my prescription. When I get there everything seems good and the pharmacist told me to wait 30 minutes but when I got back he told me he forgot to ask me for one of my numbers. "FAIL ON YOUR PART FIRST OF ALL" then tells me the product is backordered. So i wait a few days instead of going the next day (which the guy told me it would be there by May 9th) but I didn't need it at the time and was a little busy so I waited till Tuesday May 13th to go and try to pick it up. You know what they tell me? They tell me that it's still backordered and they have no idea why. WORST SERVICE EVER
1	This store needs major work, not in its appearance but in its service. The store itself is very clean and always kept new looking. The ATM lets you take out bills in demoninations of $1 bills which is convenient, but the ATM is ALWAYS, and i mean ALWAYS broken/out of order. Out of the last 10 times in here the ATM worked once.The staff seems either disinterested in helping you in anyway, or have no clue even how to help you. You will hear a lot of "i don't knows"...well i don't know either that's why i asked. Managers are no better, they have the "I am a Manager and i must be right" approachThe store, while clean will have alot of items out of place and or on the floor (ironic isn't it).Check outs are a nightmare! They simply never have enough cashiers and the best thing they did was add more self check outs, but 4 of the 8 self checkouts are broken! Its a stressful headache.....good luck
3	I love the walmarts here in vegas.  Being from Hawaii there are no Walmart with a deli. The prices are great only problem I had was checking out.  I have to stand in the cigerette line to get some dip and it was too long of a wait.  Sitll better prices than Hawaii.
3	Let me start off with saying I absolutely hate Wal-Mart  and the way that they treat their customers. With that being said I give this store a 3 star rating due to the fact that after a horrific customer service experience I had they called and apologized and gave me a small gift card for my troubles. That small amount of effort goes a long way in today's society. I still believe that this corporation strongly needs to reprogram their check out procedures but this store and my experience was not half bad.
4	I'm giving this place a four mostly because of comparison to S Rainbow Blvd Walmart. That place is terrible. We attempted to make that our home Walmart because it was closer, but after many disastrous site to store attempts, horrible interactions with miserable employees, and just general bad experiences... We were left thinking we HAVE to find another. This Walmart, again by comparison, is AWESOME. I have yet to meet an employee who was really rude or looked like they wanted to die. Everyone is friendly, although not always the brightest. Just recently we made our first site to store with this store as the option, and not only did the item ship quickly, they scanned it in on the same day it was delivered! GASP! That never happened at the other one. When we came to pick it up, we were helped almost immediately, by a very very helpful lady who even asked for ID! In the other Walmart they never did on 5 orders, and they generally treated us like we weren't standing there. This place treated us like guests, told us what they were doing and gave us updates as she went along. Also grabbed our item in only a minute or two. Compared to S Rainbow, this Walmart is a HUGE breath of fresh air. We avoid that Walmart at all costs, and only stop there of we happen to be right next to it. Otherwise, this is our new local Walmart and we are much happier here!
4	As far as Walmarts go, this one is decent enough to go to on the regular. I feel that the items are well stocked and the checkout lines are not too long.
4	It's nice to have a place where you know you're gonna find almost everything at a nice price
4	One of the better Walmarts in town. The store is laid out a little differently than others in town, so getting acclimated can be a challenge but once I get my bearings I typically enjoy shopping here. Cleaner and with better selection than most others, Walmart shopping can be a pleasant experience on most visits here.
2	No matter when I'm there there is always a long line to checkout.And the self-checkout works so very poorly (no wonder the ammo is locked up.) (Frustrated, but kidding)The shelves need to be restocked much more often so I can actually buy what I want.The Wally brand "Great Value" brand thick-cut bacon is not thick enough, it is more what I consider regular cut, needs to be thicker.Pharmacy, you guys do an excellent job, keep up the good work.
3	Very good selection of school supplies & specialty baking items. Poor price labeling. Way too many items had no prices on the racks or bins. FRUSTRATING!!!! GOOD PRICES on many staple items. But too much of a few items & not much variety of ANYthing!Insufficient # of cashiers with registers open. If price is primary, shop here. IF not, go elsewhere! :-)
1	Went to the optical center on June 13, 2013 to order new prescription glasses for my son. This will be his very first pair of glasses. Got his first glasses after a week. A year later, when we went to another optometrist for his annual eye exam. Come to find out the glasses that walmart optical made, had the wrong prescription for one eye. It was two grades lesser than the original prescription. Due to this huge mistake, his eyes will be harder to correct and he has to wear higher prescription compared to the other eye. I contacted the general manager who changed the lenses with his current prescription but would not change the frame to new ones. I contacted corporate office and the district manager but they had every excuse they can provide and until now I haven't heard anything from them. Will never order any prescription glasses from this walmart optical ever again!
1	I'm not often one to write reviews simply cutting a place down but Walmart earned it. I genuinely don't know how they still remain in business with the poorest customer service I've ever experienced.I ordered a TV during black Friday. It came in to this location and I went to pick it up. I unpack it and notice the TV has a massive dent in it. The box has a massive dent in it and I just never noticed.Fail #1: I call the Walmart.com help line and explain the situation hoping they can order another one. I know there are no more in stores. I am quite bluntly told to hang up and go to Walmart. They cannot help me.Fail #2: I know they don't have any others in stores but I call this store anyway. This guy in electronics says they have one. I say, "you're sure, it's XXXX model? In xx" size?" He says "yes." I ask, "you're sure? Let me confirm with you again. Please check." He says "Yes, looking right at it." I ask him to set it aside and wait for me to come down for an exchange. I get there, and one hour later I finally am able to find an employee to find me the TV. Well, it wasn't the same size, or the same model. The employee says, "oh, my bad." He didn't listen to a word I said over the phone. Two other employees got involved in looking for a TV they never asked me any details about. There appears to be literally no inventory to just type some numbers into. No organizational system. Nothing.Fail #2: Finally, an assistant manager gets involved, named Brian. Brian orders the TV for me and says it should be in within days and he'll call me when it has arrived. He leaves but took none of my information.Fail #3: I physically return to Walmart to see if the TV arrived two days later. A manager appears and tells me that no TVs are coming. I clarify that an assistant manager helped me order another one. She makes me sound like I don't know what I'm talking about, takes my information down while saying she'll call me back by the end of the day with comparable TVs to exchange for. I don't get a call.Fail #4: I call them and ask for Brian the next day. After some information exchange and hold time, Brian says he has the TV. I am ecstatic. I haul my TV back in for a second time to exchange. I'm told to go to electronics to pick it up. An employee with attitude redirects me to the merchandise pickup counter. Unsurprisingly, the employee there knows nothing of what I'm asking. She phones in for a manager. I wait and wait.Fail #5: I call Brian again by calling the Walmart main number again. He says he'll have it brought to customer service up front. 20 minutes later, it shows up. At this point, a simple exchange should get me in and out. I assumed this was a task any of the 3 employees involved in the process could handle but just as I had experienced thus far - nobody knows what they're doing. I was stunned at the lack of simple problem solving skills by everyone. 45 minutes of scanning, voiding, printing, voiding, scanning, voiding. I genuinely cannot fathom how this was any more challenging than any other exchange process. It was terrifying. Brian came by and had to clarify that I don't need to pay more than what I already pre-paid because it's just an exchange. Why would that even need to be clarified? He voided a transaction or two that were messed up. Two other service managers were voiding transactions repeatedly as well.I lost about 3-4 hours of my life waiting for incompetent people to figure out what was going on with registers, inventory, and communication. I was talked down to as if I didn't know what I was talking about numerous times. If it wasn't for the assistant manager named Brian, I would have never completed the process. There would be no replacement TV, and any replacement I'd request would never be found. Absolutely unacceptable. I will never step foot into a Walmart again.
1	I had ordered my daughters christmas present and had it shipped to this store for pick up. When we went there they brought out the $250 electric scooter and we noticed the bottom looked like it was off the box...it was. Once the girl brought it to us and left it on the cart for us to take off the whole thing came out the bottom. Then we looked at it and noticed it had already been out of the box. They walked away and left us to pick up the parts. We waited 20 min for someone to come help us and then she asked what we needed as we have a pile of parts and opened box on the floor. I then told her we needed a brand new scooter like I ordered and paid for...she told us to call other walmarts to find one. Really???  You gave us a scooter that had been opened and missing parts and want us to do your job? I then asked for a manager that didn't show up for another 50 minutes. She then proceeds to tell me they have no more scooters at her store or the others like this and will just refund my money unless we want to try to take that one home and see if it works. Hell no! I didn't pay that much for a missing parts, open, and broken scooter. She didn't even offer to have another one shipped to us which when I checked on line they still had available. Now I cannot find a black one for under $300 anywhere and had to go on Amazon and order a new scooter(not even the color she wanted) just so I could have my daughters gift on xmas day. Not the first horrible experience w/Walmart but this one tops it all. They ruined a 9 yr olds xmas gift,didn't care, and didn't want to help. Great job Walmart! Wish I could post the pics so you all could see what they tried to give us...you would be amazed!
5	This Walmart is a great one. Food and super center. Lots of parking and great selection of goods.
1	For the last 48 hours I've been trying to get ahold of the electronic department over the phone... And for the last 48 hours NO ONE has answered. What is this places problem where they don't have a single person available to answer the phone? Unbelievable. I would love just one person to simply pick up the phone and tell me if the product I want is in stock... This Walmart sucks
1	I went to the auto service center to have the car battery  replaced. Nobody before me. No other cars. A mechanic approached me (only one other mechanic there), tested the battery, and said it would take 1 hour. No problem. My wife and I went shopping. Exactly 1 hour later I went back. One mechanic working on a car (the one who checked me in), 4 others chatting and laughing on the side against the wall, my car with hood opened, no one working on it.  I asked my mechanic if the car was ready. Another guy next to him (Albert - Asian guy), said it wasn't. I asked if they had started on it. He said no. So I showed my concern of having to wait another hour. He said it would be 20 mns "or whatever time is needed".... so I asked why do you tell people one hour if you haven't even started on it. He arrogantly said that I wasn't the only one, arguing and trying to shut me up. I insisted saying "don't tell people one hour then".... i inquired, thinking there may have been appointments before me. There weren't. They got to it and the car was ready in 15mns.... 15mns....unbelievable and I had to wait one freaking hour for nothing. They even wrote on my bill that they had checked the tires ( put 35 psi on all), but they obviously didn't.... tires where all 28 or 30 ( I have a computerized system checker)... the only good thing was that I kept the $10 bill I had prepared for tip. Bunch of lazy liars. DO NOT GO THERE. FIND YOURSELF A BETTER SERVICE CENTER. Those guys do not deserve their job....
