4	BBQ-liquious.  That's all I have to say.  Order it for the whole office.  They do office luncheons.
3	eating at honey bears is like having an average-looking girlfriend. you're thankful for all the good times you've had, but you have this suspicion that if you looked around you'd find something better. pulled pork sandwich is decent, but the bun is soggy. ribs are tasty but stringy. the "hot link" sandwich tastes like a sliced up hot dog. best things there are the fries and the BBQ sauce, which actually go quite well together. make sure you check your take out order before you leave, they've been known to get things wrong.
4	The pulled pork here is fantastic....and the BBQ sauce, I don't know what they do it, but it's finger lickin good!  They add just enough spice, sweet and kick to make it near-perfect.You can't go wrong with a BBQ sandwich here.  There fries here are good and potato-ey - and their potato salad comes with a nice mayo whip celery and big chunks or potato.  Nice!   Don't expect much here in terms of decor - with the counter service and former Taco Bell digs.
4	The barbeque itself here is good without being outstanding, but the barbeque sauce is bomb diggity. And those aren't words I kick around lightly, folks. When I say bomb diggity, I mean business. And this is another one of those places where I feel like the soda fountain is really on point. Try and find a better diet pepsi. Call me crazy, but they know what they're doing over here at the Honey Bear's.
3	Despite all the local hype, this place is average at best. Everyone I know who has eaten there RAVES about it, but I just can't get into it. Take it with a grain of salt because I'm not like a huge BBQ buff at all, but I seriously don't think it tastes much better than ribs from say, Chili's or some chain resteraunt. BBQ sauce is BBQ sauce to me. It tastes the same as Kraft BBQ sauce from the bottle.
2	Oh I don't know what the big deal is. OMG!...people scream at me...you HAVE to eat at Honey Bears. It is soooo good. So I go. Hmmm...WTF. I order a pork sandwich, side o slaw and side o potato salad. Sandwich came with all the s.o.s. which on one hand is good cuz otherwise the bun would fall apart like my Aunt Helen did when I told her I was a homo. But the meat suffers from not "marinating" in said sauce. Slaw was passable but the potato salad had that weird store bought, vinegary, mustardy, icky poo cocka flavor. Ya'll know what I mean! I guess I'll just have to wait til I hang with the inlaws in San Antonio cuz then we always go to Bill Miller BBQ and sistahs let me tell you Mr. Miller knows BBQ!
4	I used to work across the street in the United HealthCare building and this was a favorite spot for lunch.  Sure, it used to be an IHOP, as evidenced by the flags on the glass separating the booths, but the bbq is pretty darn good.  At lunchtime, it isn't odd to see a line out the door, and getting a place to sit can be a challenge in and of itself, but, the food more than makes up for the minor hassle.I love the bbq chicken sandwich with some french fries (they are lightly dusted with paprika, mmmmmm).  I miss Honey Bears.  In fact, the Official-According-to-Heath-Orrell Honey Bear's battle cry is, "Honey BEARS!!!  WOOT!  WOOT!!"Check it out, it is cheap and delicious.
2	Chile, please. You call that Barbeque??? (SNORT)  And they definitely AINT soul food. They are in a misplaced category. Take it from a soul sista with a southern mama, unh uh...It was probably back  in 2001  the first and only time I ate there. I couldn't even finish my bbq pork sandwich, I was that disappointed.For those who hail from states to the East of  Arizona, you'll know just what I mean. Sorry, Honey Bears. Just keeping it real!
4	Somewhere, beneath layers of flacid, white skin, I am a black man.   Though I cannot readily identify with years of oppression, white women crossing the street when I pass for no good reason and the spectre of slavery, I think that my love of motown, broad-hipped women and soul food makes me, at the least, an honorary brother.   Strangely, and perhaps because of hunger, the best BBQ pork sandwich I ever had was dolled out to me as I hurriedly boarded a plane in Nasville, TN.   I've dined all across America and even in Memphis itself and I've tasted some fine BBQ and contrary to other reviewers here, I thought HB BBQ was a-ok.   I was feeling depressed last night, the unfortunate consequence of some protracted litigation I'm involved in and I got a hankering for slow-cooked meat slathered in tangy bbq sauce and my craving guided the wheel as I drove to HB's.    It still looks like an IHOP.  They've changed the booths and moved some things around, but the decor has a definite "International House of Barbeque" feel to it.   I must also admit that I was more than a little dismayed when 3 hispanic guys made my bbq pork sandwich.  What in all the red tamales do hispanic folks know about BBQ?  Call me picky, but when I get something called Honey Bear BBQ with a song of the south lookin bear on the sign, I expect a large black man or woman with a disarming smile to sling my pork and slaw together on a paper plate--the way god intended.   Perhaps I'm missing out on all the great latin BBQ, but I've long believed that after all the suffering God forced upon my brothers, he tried to make penance by imbuing them with rhythm, soul and bbq knowledge.Nonetheless, the sandwich was tasty.  I would have liked a spicy sauce option, but I'll take what I can get.  It's not deep south bbq and it's probably not even like Mom's, even if your mom was irish and grew up in poughkipsie, but it's at least pretty tasty and reasonably priced.  It's Phoenixand 50 degrees in the dead of winter.  We take what we can get.
1	I'm on the hated-it scale of the Honey Bear love fest.  We ordered the bbq ribs and a beef sandwich with cole slaw and cowbro beans on the side.  Thought the meal was on the below average scale for tastiness...the beef sandwich meat suffered from not being marinated, and it was bone dry...the bbq rib was more of the same...so this would have been a 2 star review...BUT what pushed it down to 1 star for me was that my ribs were "bloody"...No not pink, but actually bloody with the jelly-like texture of raw meat...great when I'm eating sushi, but not so much for bbq porkI actually returned the bloody thing to the counter person who agreed that it was bloody and made me a new plate...unfortunately, it was a new plate of the same bloody ribs, I gave up and just trashed the bloody plate....so no, I won't be back for another tryIf you're looking for tasty bbq sandwich...try TEXAZ for lunch...that's where I'd be the next time I have a craving
1	Dry.  Bland.  Gristly.  Bad cuts of meat in sickly sweet sauce.  This place only makes me love my favorite BBQ places more (oh Fat Matt's Rib Shack, why do you have to be all the way in Atlanta??)...and no greens on the menu?  For shame!
4	Hmmm... just having read all the reviews so far...I'm wondering if I liked this place as much as I think I did. I do recall the BBQ sauce being a little but too spicy for my taste but I think overall I really liked my BBQ sandwich I ate at Honey Bear's...or wait... did I have the ribs? Shoot... I think I had both! It wasn't my favorite but it was good and I'd go back again, but I don't know BBQ like some of you reviewers know BBQ...so maybe I'm not the best review to take into consideration.
3	I had there bbq beef sandwich, they do pile on the beef but the real winner here is the sauce.  The fries are made with seasoned salt just the way I like'em.  service..what service just order, pick it up and eat.  I'd be back but certaintly not for the ambience or friendly service.
3	Okay, honestly, Honey Bear's couldn't hang in Memphis, Birmingham, Houston, or Lockhart  ... and fortunately for them, they don't need to 'hang' because they are smoking their meats in the BBQ wasteland of Phoenix, AZ.  Because I fancy myself a BBQ expert (note: I'm more of a brisket purist), its difficult to rate HB's based on the integrity of the THEIR OWN meat and not as a comparison to others Valley and Nation-wide. This is exactly 'why' I think many of their rating suffer because everyone has undoubtedly had better BBQ elsewhere, wherever you may hail from, and it takes a stringent push from one's own natural reflexes to resist matching HBs up to 'local awesome BBQ joint'.  BBQ connoisseurs are funny like that.So, overall, HB's earns a 3-star based on the following:Pork Ribs - I'm more of a beef rib expert, but these ribs were generous and plentiful in their combo plate.  I was surprised that there was very likely a whole half-rack on my plate.  They are very tasty even without the sauce, with a nice peppery rub that did not dry out the meat.Smoked Chicken - Juicy but slightly greasy.  This is amongst the most difficult smoked meat to pull off due to the propensity for it to become a stringy, dehydrated mess.  I don't think I would order it again, but the flavor was pretty decent and I don't regret trying it.Pulled Pork - I got a 1/2 lb of pulled pork as a side meat, along with a couple of extra buns to make as a half-sandwich (a glob of meat on a half bun, folded over like a taco).  This is the only time I typically use sauce to counterbalance the white bread, whether its pork, brisket, or sausage.  I was surprised by how dry the pork was, particularly because pork is fatty and juicy, but here at HB's it was extra lean.  I thought I would hate the pork bc of this fact, but the sauce saves it from being a choking bolus of pig and flour.  Now I understand why they typically put this on a full bun and drown it in sauce.  As the 'specialty' of this restaurant, its kind of a gaffe that the quality is poor, but as a consumer, I'd order it again in limited amounts, and only as a 'side'.  Why?  Because I can provide my own perfect ratio of bread:pork:sauce.  Otherwise, I don't think that HB's could build me a pulled pork sandwich I could be happy with.Sauce - If you don't know any better you'd think it was tip-top.  Sure, its 'pretty good', but its most-definitely a one-note mixture.  Too sweet for their peppery rubs.  A spicier sauce would do the trick better, IMO.Corn on the Cob - Serviceable, but soggy and strangely devoid of spices typical of southern cuisine.Cowbro Beans - Awesome.  Smokey flavor, thick sauce, and chunks of their smoked sausage.  Great compliment to a BBQ dinner.Soda Fountain - The city's best.  BBQ restaurant staples such as 1a) Dr Pepper 1b) Big Red.  Their 'cola' is RC and they have Hines Rootbeer, Sunkist, Country Time Lemonade, and 7-Up.  They did some solid research on the fluid necessities of BBQ palates.  They also have a fridge of beer.Price -  All that, which I described above came out to $33 with a large tip because the guy behind the counter was very cool.  It fed two hungry people during the season finale of LOST, with plenty extra for leftovers.  Very pleased in this area.Overall - Hey, its PHX, and here we are better adapted to 'fill-ins' for our favorite spots back home.  It happens in every culinary category, from philly cheesesteaks to fish n chips; gnocchi to Q.  Why should this place be any different?
3	Used to live in the neighborhood here and frequent Honey Bear's quite often. My favorite night to go is Friday, when you can get a big bucket of delicious rib tips for very little scratch. The sauce is amazing, and has just the right amount of vinegar, I'm salavating just thinking about it. It's definitely a dive, and you will always see a bum inside, and the bathrooms are ridiculously disgusting. The staff is rude, and not very helpful, and even a couple of times a 10 year old took my order. All of it is made up for by the great food. The ribs, tips, sandwiches, and brisket are all awesome and well executed. I just don't want to know what their health report looks like.
3	Had lunch here today with Hubby and a couple of his co-workers. On Thursdays and Fridays they have catfish, so I took the bait. So glad I did- 2 big pieces of perfectly fried catfish- just barely done on the inside and a nice light, crispy, and non-greasy cornmeal exterior. So yummy! The fries were pretty good, too, with a light dusting of a seasoned salt. I tried Hubby's BBQ beef sandwich, and is was just ok. We all liked the zingy BBQ sauce.Minus one star for a limited menu compared to other BBQ joints (and RC colas) and minus another star for the young employees who acted like they were put out by taking orders. So sorry to interrupt your huddled chit-chat in the corner.
3	I've been to Honey Bear's on several occasions, each time thinking I would like it better than the last. Sadly, I am always wrong. The pork and beef have always been too dry. The sauce is too sweet. The potato salad tastes like it came from the grocery store deli. The coleslaw is dry. The french fries are probably the best thing, sprinkled with a seasoned salt. I haven't had barbeque too many places, but I have had it enough to know that Honey Bear's is not the best. I'm not sure why everyone is so hooplah-ed over it. I'm still jones-ing to check out Stacy's BBQ...
4	Honey Bear's is the some of the best BBQ you can find in the Valley. I enjoy getting a half chicken half pork sandwich, but you can't go wrong with any selection. Limited menu but thats because they stick to wait there good at, BBQ sandwiches.
4	Sure do love some Honey Bears!  Cheap tasty eats for us carnivores.  Luckily for me, this location is 5 minutes from my work making it one of my favorite lunch break spots.  I would give it an extra star if it had the cool ambience of the Van Buren location but alas, it feels like a 1980's fast food joint.
4	Dude. Seriously. Good eats. I like fast cars, fast women, and fast service. Honey Bears is just that. Err, i mean.. Whatev. The ever-so-popular BBQ Pork Sandwich was the juiciest its ever been today. Add the seasoned fries and wash'er down with the RC Cola with crushed ice. I say "Damn, son." Ima fixin' ta look at dem ribs ya'll talkin' 'bouts.  I turned southern all of a sudden.
2	Ok, I'll admit, Phoenix has terrible BBQ.  If I were to rate Honey Bears in relation to other BBQ restaurants in the city, it'd get higher.  But this ain't no relative rating, and Phoenix needs some better BBQ.  So I'll continue.If you like a sorry excuse for BBQ, this is it.  Meat tastes completely flavorless and dry save for the Memphis-style sauce.  Meats are not smoked, and I'm doubting whether they are actually even barbecued.  When you walk in, there is no aroma of BBQ, just meat.  Almost if they were oven cooked.Memphis style BBQ should be rubbed and smoked.  Meat should have a faint smoke ring and outside should be distinctively seasoned compared to the inside.  The sauce here is good and is a must to keep the food edible.  Sides are completely forgettable.  I gave Honey Bears 2 stars because the prices are good. For those who think BBQ needs to be doused in sauce to be good, well, that's your opinion but contrary to popular belief the sauce should be a compliment to the already good seasoning of the meat.In short - still waiting for a real BBQ restaurant.  This ain't it.
4	I went here with my husband and his cousin. This was my first time here and was assured by the cousin that it was yummy.The husband and I got the catfish, BBQ beef sandwich, fries, beans and a drink. I have to say that I was very happy with what we ordered and would order it again and again and again. The catfish was perfectly seasoned and fired to a delicious crisp. The beef was a little fatty than I would like, but the meat and the sauce was so yummy that it didn't matter much. The beans were delicious was seasoned with lots of brown sugar and pieces of pulled pork. What can I say...I was very happy after this meal and will be back to try the pork and chicken.The service was very quick and the food was very hot and everyone was very friendly.
4	BBQ beef sand w fries & a Fat Tire.  You can't go wrong.
3	As I left the Heard museum parking lot and headed north on Central, I thought I might stop at Fez and try their Feb. pasta special.  (What I really wanted to do was to head over to Rose and Crown to meet with new acquaintances, but I didn't want to worry about parking...)  On the way, I spotted HBB on the left, but I kept going north for Fez.  However, it seemed like I'd never get there, so I gave myself a stopping point- if I hadn't reached Fez by the next light, I was going to turn around and interrogate the poor soul that happens to greet me at Honey Bear's.  The poor soul's name was Rich, who informed me that HBB only has one sauce, and unfortunate for me, it contains *.  (I received the same response at the Glendale Chocolate Affaire, but I assumed the "one sauce only" was for convenience purposes.  See?  Never assume.)  He sold me on the fact that they marinate the meats in a spice and vinegar-based marinade.  Alright, I'll try a 1/2 pound (about $8 w/ tax) of pork (his fave) and beef (which the young man, who patiently waited behind me while I asked poor Rich so many questions, ordered after I stepped aside and considered my options).  No, wait, I'll have a full pound (about $15 w/ tax), and could you add chicken, too?  And bbq sauce on the side, please. While I waited for my take-out order, I asked Rich if I could sample the sweet potato pie, and to my surprise, he handed me a slice, told me to grab a spoon, and help myself!  It took only one teaspoonful of that slice for me to decide on purchasing a whole pie ($12) to go.  So how did the meats taste w/o the bbq sauce?  The chicken was very bland and pretty dry.  The beef was not much better, but at least it had some mouth-feel.  The pork was the clear winner, esp. since its marinade had the added benefit of red pepper flakes.  Would I go back for more meat?  Unless HBB designs a non-* based-sauce, no.  Well, maybe for the pork.  And only if I was carrying a bottle of bbq sauce in my purse.1 star each for the pulled pork, sweet potato pie, and for Rich being such a sport.  (Kudos for letting me sample the pie!  Letting people sample is always good for business!).  p.s.  If HB had a shack that only sold sweet potato pie, I'd give it 5 stars!p.p.s.  Honey Bear BBQ, please add candied yams/sweet potatoes to your menu!  While you're at it, add some sweet potato fries, as well!Allergy update: I concluded that the sweet potato pie must contain * ingredients bec. I went through two days of horrible allergy symptoms.  I won't be able to enjoy it anymore, but for those w/out allergies, do give it a try!
4	Downtown Phoenix with an old school sloppy type BBQ place? Great, it's not the best but it is very good. I got the 1/2 rack pork ribs $11.49, which were tender, moist and fall off the bone good. The sauce was slightly hot, sweet and vinegary. Comes with 2 sides, I got cole slaw which was average good, and the Browbeans which had BBQ sauce, and sausage pieces, a very good choice. I got a peach cobbler dessert, and I liked it but it is kinda average, the crust parts were mixed in with the cobbler and were soggy, to bad, it was probably very good before that was done.
5	One of the best BBQ restaurants I've been too. The place looks a little run down, but it only adds character. Open late (til 9:30pm I believe) this is a quick, easy lunch or dinner for us.My favorites are the BBQ beef sandwich, potato salad and the cobbler is great too. A definite must! And there are multiple locations throughout the Valley.
5	The BBQ pork is fantastic but here's their best kept secret .... CATFISH YUM! This location serves Catfish fillets on Thursday and Friday. I wish it was everyday! They use a deliciously seasoned cornmeal NO flour! It is light and crisp and my fav! It is served with a great hot sauce and sweet moist dinner rolls. Fries and Cow-bro beans go great but you have your choice of sides. If you love a good catfish in cornmeal, I dare you to find any better in this town without making it yourself. I give Honey Bears 10 stars for their catfish **********. I grew up in the Midwest and we had catfish almost every Friday and this tastes just like home. Trust you will not regret this fish!
4	You know. I really don't have much to say about this place that is bad. I've been there a number of times and have also had their catering.Their beans are very good. Slightly sweet with the right amount of spice.Hot links are spot on. Pulled beef and pork sandwiches are good, but the meat could be more tender. I am very picky about my potato salad, but theirs isn't bad.
3	Big  Thank you to Honey Bears to start off, why you ask ? Because they were open ! Wish I could give a 1/2 star extra for that.  Listen Downtown!  you   want me  to bring my family and friends down on the weekend,you want us to explore downtown and use the metro rail,   we need some family friendly , hopefully locally owned,  places to eat !  So 1 big ole star for that!  Now for the rest ...Honey Bears has that  hole in the wall , down south feel to me , and that alone will probably bring me back at sometime .  Especially if I have kids with me otherwise it's Switch, Matt's or Fez. Okay and now for the hits:This is a  good  place for pulled pork or BBQ chicken sandwich ...don't stray from that and you will be happy , husband and kiddos gave a big two thumbs up for that... lil mini me had a 1/2 chicken dinner  w/o BBQ sauce ( weirdo)  and pronounced it good.  Mine were  ribs which were very small, not meaty and I had trouble with tang of the vinegar based sauce.(BTW hubby loved it ) Portions were big on everything but my ribs.  Faux Daughter number 2 couldn't finish her sandwich. I could eat a big ole plate of the mac and cheese wow cheesey goodness... kids agreed.Fries were rumored to be good , one of my kids said  better than in -n-out the others shot her a dirty look .. so you try them and see. Loved the coleslaw and I wouldn't  share it with anyone .Corn was good but not memorable. They have RC and Seven up products which goes to show it's old school I guess. If you can't abide by that bring your own I guess. Service was great, the dude taking our order was personable, helpful and patient with our big order. They also redid mini me's order when it first came with BBQ sauce. Place is nicer than Stacey's for ambiance but I don't really look for that with BBQ , do you?
3	i used to visit this place a lot when i worked in the area, oh say, 4 or 5 years ago, and i got it again today for the first time since then and i don't remember it being this mediocre.lunch time, the place was packed. the line moved fast and my order go to me in a decent amount of time. i chose the bbq pork with fries and my friend suggested i get the peach cobbler. their bbq sauce is pretty good, but they don't actually put it on the sandwich. i prefer my bbq pork sandwiches to be soaked and dripping with juicy wet goodness upon first bite, but i got exactly the opposite. the meat was very dry and tough in most places. the fries were ok. the peach cobbler was warm but nowhere near sweet enough for a good peach cobbler - rather bland. you can find better bbq in phx, try stacy's on indian school and 17th.
2	I've had Honey Bears twice.  Both times I got the pulled pork sandwich.  I can't give the sandwich a passing grade.  These were from two different locations, and the same result.  The meat was unseasoned and bland...although juicy and tender enough.  The bun sauce is uneventful.  And for 5 bucks, I want better.The first time I got a sandwich, it was bought to me from the Tempe location.  The 2nd time I went to the Central location.  The service was non-descript, which I guess isn't a bad thing.  The place looked nice, though.  Neat and clean.  And there were a lot of people eating, so the stuff is good to someone...just not me.  I figure if you can't get a pulled pork sandwich right, I'd be an idiot to try your ribs or chicken.  So, I guess Honey Bears is on my Nope-List.  Too bad, cause its so convient from work.  I will, however, go back and try their catfish.  If they get that right, I'll throw another star at them.
3	I'm not sure why, but their barbeque sauce doesn't ring true for me.  There seems to be a slight watery tang there that shouldn't be..  So just 3 stars for me, but I LOVE their beans!  If I had my way, I'd get beans from there and get the meat from somewhere else..  :\
4	Oh sure, I may cook again someday...when it's not 110!  However, thank goodness for Honey Bear's tonight!  I got a pulled pork and a chicken bbq sandwich.  The 7 year old chose the chicken so I got the pork.  While I usually prefer the pork, my daughter and I sampled each other's sandwiches and, wow, that chicken was delicious!  The cole slaw had a spice in it that she didn't like (celery salt?) but she loved the mac and cheese.   I did like the cole slaw though.  Weird side note - I had mango for desert a bit later and it rounded out the spicy sauce and heavy pork meal really well.  Maybe I'll try mango with the meal next time....
4	Had a pulled pork sandwich and fries ... Couldn't have been better. I will go back for the ribs another time.
3	I'm feeling extra nice today, so Honey Bears gets 3 stars instead of 2.  We were really hungry after work and couldn't decide on a place, but since we drive down Central and see this place everyday, we figured now was as good a time as ever to give it a shot.  My first sight upon entering was a couple hookers sittin and eatin bbq.  I wasn't sure if that was a good sign or a bad sign, but they were definitely hookers.  Anyway, I stared up at the menu for about 30 seconds (it's pretty small) and decided on a regular bbq beef sandwich and a side of cole slaw.  For two sandwiches and two sides the total came to about 14 bucks.  Not bad!  They also have RC cola in their soda fountain, so that may tickle your fancy.  Not mine.  The food came out in a matter of 2 minutes and we unwrapped our foil covered sandwiches to find... not enough bbq sauce.  They charge extra.  LAME!  The meat was fine, but a little too dry for my taste.  It was pretty good when it had some of the sauce on it.  The cole slaw was okay, better than most places, except it was over peppered to me, but definitely still tasty.  I probably won't go back here, as nothing really stood out to me, but it was good enough for a 20 minute meal.
3	This is really one of the more disappointing BBQ places in Phx.  I hate to disrespect Honey Bears but their pulled pork is just too dry.  I shouldn't have to cover it in your bbq sauce (which isn't THAT good either) in order to make it edible.  Also, if you are going to churn out dry pork, you have got a lot of nerve charging for more bbq sauce.  I've never had anything else here but the fact that the pork isn't all that good is all I need to know.  I'll stick with Stacey's down the road.
3	Well I am in Phoenix for business and this place is walking distance down the street and since I am a major BBQ-aholic had to give it a try.  Went here for lunch before the lunch crowd came pouring in.  Tasty - I had the pork sandwich with a side of slaw.  All good contenders - nothing too outstanding but definitely solid.  I like the sauce.
3	Came to this location a few years ago and haven't been back since. It wasn't that it was "bad," it's just that, as far as the nationwide spectrum of barbecue goes, this is just not that good. But, for whatever reason, Arizona is just a tough place in which to get good barbecue.It's a busy corner, now (wasn't when I was there) right in front of the light rail in a decidedly office area. So, the lunch crowd is heavy. The place looks like it used to be a taco, cheesesteak or other fast food joint and had minimal renovations done. It's small and gets pretty crowded.I got a brisket sandwich, which is sort of my own litmus test when it comes to BBQ. Prices were about what I would expect to pay. IIRC, my sandwich was about $6-7. Sides were extra.The sandwich was okay. The brisket had a nice flavor, but wasn't fabulous, and I didn't think a whole lot of the sauce which, to me, is really the best part of good barbecue (although I know it's not pure barbecue).But, regardless, this is still the best BBQ I've found in Phoenix. There used to be a place in Tempe called Big City, which was just fabulous. But they moved out to Mesa and went out of business near the beginning of the year. So we're left with a bit of a void and, now, you can find better BBQ at random festivals from booths, and even here in Tucson. But, if I'm really craving a great brisket or a spectacular slab or ribs or a plump, perfect sausage, I have to head east to Texas. There's just no comparison.
4	I love this place. I usually go a couple times a month. I've been to another location of theirs in Chandler, but mostly I end up going to the one on Central. The pulled-pork sandwich hits the spot and the sauce they have just makes it. It has just enough spice to give it a little bite that I think BBQ needs to have. Every chance I get, I bring out of towners to experience it and they love it. With the exception of Southerners, they are incredibly insane when it comes to BBQ it seems. :)
4	I'm typically not a BBQ fan but after having a sample of Honey Bear's BBQ Chicken Sandwich at a street fair I'm now a believer. The sauce has a warm and sweet taste and the pulled Chicken looks to be all white meat and quite tasty.The only things that suck: the buns instantaneously decompose under the liquid BBQ sauce (making it a fork dinner rather than a sandwich) ... also they don't have Coke or Pepsi (only Dr. Pepper for the cola selection).
3	Stopped by here for dinner when I was in the area on a seminar over the weekend. The food was respectable. It wasn't mind blowing or anything. I do dig their sauce though.I think most of my issues are with the location itself. I felt like it was kind of fake divey. While it isn't fancy at all (was previously an IHOP), it just doesn't have any real character. I love a good dive as long as it feels authentic. This just felt like someone wasn't trying to hard when they were converting it.I've had most of my Honey Bear's BBQ at picnics & other places where people have brought it in catered. I think I've enjoyed it more then than my visit to the downtown location.  Sorry...
5	I would have never thought I could find BBQ like this in PHX, AZ. I find myself at this place everytime I'm in the Phoenix area! I love there BBQ sauce and the meat is great! If you see this place stop and try it out!
2	I drove a considerable distance to have this BBQ and was very unhappy with the meal experience. The pork was very dry and obviously old as were the sides. Price was ok but who cares if your meal tastes bad. The sauce was ok yet still unable to bring back to life the leather like dry pieces of pork I found in my sandwich with every bite. People who enjoy good BBQ should avoid this place.I just read several other yelper reviews of this restaurant so Im going to raise my original 1 star to 2 for now and Im going to drive all the way back down to Central from Scottsdale to give them another shot who knows maybe I just got a bad batch then Im gonna come back here and comment on round 2.
4	Not to shabby.  Went on a Saturday night.  They had a half rack rib special with 2 sides for 12.99.  This was totally worth it.  I ate every bite.  Ribs fell off the bone.  The sauce is where it's at.  Nuff said.
2	Five dollars and thirty cents for a pulled pork sandwich with a side of sauce? Sorry, Honey Bear's, but I'm not feeling you. Why, oh why, did I go on a day when they didn't serve catfish, which I love from here. Perhaps when I blow off some steam over a sandwich this small with no side dishes costing over $5 I'll return for your fish fry. Until then, see ya.
5	This place is close to the museum so we thought we'd give it a try.  YAY!  and  YUM!  The pulled pork was worth the drive from San Diego.  My sister from Alabama saw the peach cobbler on the menu and spoke with the cook who assured her it was fresh, hand peeled peaches and homemade.  My sister is quite the critic of peaches.  OK, the peach cobbler is the best there is.  No comparison - excellent *****.  Eat here you won't be disappointed!
4	I cant believe I have been here for going on seven years and just tried this restaurant.  The sauce is AMAZING and the meat is tender and delicious.  The atmosphere isnt the greatest, even for a BBQ joint, but the food was great.
4	Hands down my favorite BBQ sauce.  Dreamy.   I always order the pulled pork or chicken sandwich and halfway through I ditch the bread to get closer to the delicious meat and sauce.  :) Also, this is my go-to for catering office events.  They're super professional and I always get glowing reviews from my customers.
4	Ok.. this is the best downtown BBQ joint- with that being said.. it might be one of the only BBQ joints downtown!! It use to be some chain establishment; you can tell by the A-frame building. basic menu for the most part with Specials throughout the week. I wish they had Rib Tip all day long, just not Friday nights! I had the #4; a sandwich and 3 ribs, a side and a drink.. I think it was $11. Overall- a good feed! They have sauce available, which is needed- they do not drowned it in sauce- they let you dish it out yourself! very good sauce BTW!!NUTSHELL- Worth the trip if you are downtown, watch out for the lunch time crowds!
4	The ribs were delicious!!  Finally a place that the sauce was so good that I would buy a bottle.  The sides too me were nasty (potato salad and cow beans) .  I would buy ribs from here and go to Mrs.Whites for the sides to make the perfect meal.
3	I usually stop by here before I go to Suns/D-Backs games with my dad because I really enjoy eating BBQ, though I admit the food isn't outstanding.I've tried both the pork and beef BBQ sandwhiches; they're both REALLY bland without the sauce. I eat a lot and I just like how they have large portions.Some people might be turned off by the cleanliness of the restaurant, which can be best described as dingy.
3	[3 stars by my relatively National BBQ standards, 4 by PHX Standards] .  House hunting works up an appetite.  My realtor and I were looking for a quick bite to eat and stopped in here.  Nothing fancy we just ordered up 2 small/regular pulled pork sandwiches and 2 drinks.  It hit the spot .  Yeah  and as usual I should have brought a bib.  Juicy, smokey pulled pork with a sauce that is a good balance of sweet, spicy and tangy.   I could have used a few pickled jalapeno slices or some fresh onion but that is my personal preference.  When going for my drink I saw it....my favorite BBQ beverage Big Red.  Yum!  I left content and not over stuffed. Feeling the need for BBQ I am sure I will stop in at this location again.
4	The fam and I headed on down to Honey Bears this past Saturday to get our BBQ on! Honey Bears never disappoints! I had the shredded BBQ chicken sandwich with a side of the cowboy beans, sooo spicy and delicious! Also their french fries may be sent from heaven! SO GOOD! I always go for the Big Red at the soda machine, that is a rare soda to find on tap and Honey Bears has it! Thanks for another tasty lunch!
3	Great for lunch or catering.  The sauce is tangy and not too sweet or thick.  The peach cobbler is much too sweet, but I love the pulled pork or chicken.  It's a little smokey (a little dry, but that's what the sauce is for).  It's no frills but delicious.  Plus it's inexpensive for a quick lunch.
4	I have to admit I love my Baby back ribs, but we meat eating Americans need to remember what a true rib is - and that is the Spare Rib. HB's does them right. You say spare ribs have less meat than the baby b's -not true, as much meat on the spare - it's just stretched over a longer bone. This results in smaller bites of meat - but - a higher ratio of sauce to meat with each bite.Honey Bears sauce is right on, and the meat is so tender. Finger licking good spare ribs. This is a Soul Food rib joint. Sides - fresh, crispy,creamy, tangy cole slaw. Beans - interesting seasoning, afew chunks of hot link, and I think chopped up pickles? Really good. Don't forget the sweat potato pie.
2	I just cannot understand why this place is so highly rated. Could it be that people have never experienced barbeque outside of Arizona, so they have no basis of comparison? But even that cannot be true. We have Joe's in Gilbert, and even Famous Dave's is pretty darn good. I work a block from this location, so I have been there at least a dozen times. While not great, it is something different once in awhile, so I put in an appearance now and then. The food is not bad, per se, it is just not that good. The prices, on the other hand, are far too high for what you get. $11 gets you a "large sandwich" which is not very large, an order of fries, and a soda--RC brands. For a couple of bucks more I could get a combo platter at Famous Daves. Service is all business. I don't think I have ever seen a smile in the place. But it is fast. The place is usually dirty, but I am usually there right around lunch, so it might be better other times. Just not impressed at all. But...it beats the Burger King down the street which is the worst BK in Christendom. But that is another review.
3	Stopped in here on a whim with my little girl. You never know if small places like this will have items for kids, and they did have one kid meal, which was 2 chicken strips and fries. I was starving, and not sure what to get so I went with a value meal - sandwich, two ribs and a side. It was pretty good, but I've had way better. The pulled pork sandwich was overcooked and dry, so it's a good thing they have yummy BBQ sauce to poor over it. For my side dish, I had sweet potato tater tots. They were OK, but looked like they came out of a frozen bag of Ore-Ida. The staff was really friendly, and it seemed like they had a lot of regulars in there. I thought it was really over-priced. Our bill was $21.75. And the food just wasn't good enough for me to want to go back.
5	Hands down the best ribs I've had in my life.  My first visit here was about a year ago.  Though I was a little afraid of the area and the sketchy look of the place I was taken by a good friend and my visiting father so I couldn't say no.  We all ordered sandwiches; I had the brisket and my father ordered a half order of ribs for us to share.  Now I have to say I'm not a BBQ person.  I'm not a fan of 99% of the sauce out there.  I reluctantly gave it a try and almost had to sit on my now saucy hands to keep from eating the whole plate.  The brisket was decent, but nothing compared to the ribs.  I've been here probably about 25 times since my first visit and now exclusively get ribs.  The sides in my opinion aren't really worth mentioning.  The coleslaw had as much black pepper in it as any other ingredient and the cowbro beans are kinda spicy.  The mac n cheese is good, not kraft or velveeta but not special.  The ribs are definitely the way to go for a happy full belly.
5	Best BBQ sandwiches in Phoenix.  The BBQ sauce is amazing.  I generally get the chicken sandwiches but my friends all swear by the pork.
4	After my utterly-disappointing BBQ roll through KC, I realized just how much I appreciate Honey Bear's.  Never had a bad meal here.  The Cowbro beans are delicious.  The meat is always lean and usually juicy.  The sauce is as good as any, if you like BBQ sauce with a little kick.  Everyone hating because this isn't like a BBQ place back in (insert famous BBQ town here) is just funny to me.  "It's not real BBQ unless (327-point checklist of real BBQ)..."  Whatever.  I love this place.
1	I went Honey Bear's with my wife to use a Groupon.  We like to try different places, not get stuck on one place and we were disappointed with Honey Bear's.We got the pulled pork and BBQ chicken. The pork was dry with no smokey flavor. The chicken was drenched in sauce hiding the flavor. The sauce was too sweet for me as well, overpowering everything it's put on.The sides of beans and corn were nothing  special as well. At the end. We were glad we tried them because it made us feel better about our favorite BBQ, Waldos in Mesa. We'll keep trying, but we believe no one will ever compare.
4	I had pretty high expectations for honey bears and they definitely followed through! YUMMY! We got the chicken and ribs combo and you really don't need teeth to eat it!..... totally melt off the bone, tender, yummy goodness.  Usually my friend and I talk each others ears off when we are out and tend to ignore food/drinks... I am pretty sure we were completely silent devouring our food until we were licking our fingers clean! They do have specials each day of the week. Tuesday was 2-4-1 beers :)  This is a no frills kind of place. Just order, wait for it at the counter, grab a seat and enjoy.  Its kind of great though... you know exactly what you're getting... no need for 'atmosphere' or attentive customer service because the food speaks for itself.  My only gripe was that they don't have cornbread, which is disappointing at a BBQ place. Instead dinner comes with disappointing white bread rolls.I wouldn't call the location particularly sketchy.  There is a big parking lot and its right on Central Ave near lots of nicer places too.
1	This place is still as bad as it was when I first reviewed it.  I got suckered into giving it another go because I didn't want to eat alone, and there were literally no redeeming qualities.  For those reviewers who think reviews like mine are BBQ snobbery, I'd say even when I'm starving and don't give a rip I'd rather have ANY other BBQ in Phoenix than this place.
2	We drove to the LoLo's downtown location from basically the 51 and Shea to find that it closed at 7. From there, we drove up Grand to Town Talk II, which sadly, also closed at 7. We had a chat with the owner who told us that the closest place for barbecue was Honey Bear's, even though he said that he didn't want to see us leave.It was about a 5 minute drive from there. Once we arrived, we ordered. I got the ribs and two nasty side items that came with it. The fountain drink machine didn't have Coke or Pepsi products, but had R-C Cola products. The selection was interesting, but I found it unique and somewhat cool.Anyway, my plate had six or seven ribs drenched in a too-sweet barbecue sauce. The ribs had almost no meat on them.I don't know, maybe I asked for the wrong food or something, but I was highly disappointed in Honey Bear's. I do admit, however, that the televisions showing the NBA Finals did help a bit. I don't think I'll come back. I've also learned a valuable lesson: for the most part, restaurants in Downtown Phoenix close at 7.
3	The food is always great. Very good BBQ Pork that has plenty of smokey flavor and the sauce compliments it well.The employees on the other hand have a terrible attitude and never smile. They never say "thank you". I definitely recommend going to the Van Buren location because this one does not make you feel appreciated for your business.I would have given them lower if I didn't know what their true standards are from my consistent patronage at the other locations.
2	I'm glad I had a Deal Chicken deal because the food was just ehhh. With my credit of $24 and a few extra dollars, I ordered a full rack of pork ribs which included two sides (I chose collared greens & sweet potato fries-- small upcharge that I was not informed of), 1/2lb of hot links and a few free dinner buns. The ribs were fairly good (3 stars) albeit a bit dry-- I guess that's why they drown it in BBQ sauce. The hot links however were dissssgusting. (0 stars). Just thinking about it makes me want to puke. It was so soft, I quickly tossed out the serving that was on my plate and what was left in the container. They are what I imagine vienna sausages would taste like (but spicy, of course). Collared greens & sweet potato fries were edible.. not cringeworthy (like the hot links), but not worth the calories/stomach space either. Service was friendly & efficient. Warning: be prepared to swat flies if you dine in. There were several on the day I was in... ick!
2	$10 for a medium drink, chicken sandwich, and a small salad = MEH! Overpriced and nothing special of this BBQ chicken sandwich.I'll go back for a second try, someday...
4	Me and a friend stopped in here one night maybe 10 or 15 minutes before they closed. We had been in the mood for some good BBQ, but have no idea where the good BBQ places in Phoenix are at, so we thought we would just give it a try since we were starved. This was the first BBQ I had since I moved to AZ, and remains the last place I've had BBQ at (I've been pinching my pennies lately, and BBQ is generally pretty pricey!)All in all, I'd say this place was pretty good. I contemplated a pulled pork sandwich, though I've heard nasty stories about people who've consumed undercooked pork, so I decided to feel the place out with beef first. It was terrific, and I wish I would have went with the pork! came with fries too and they were excellent. I didn't know what to expect coming in so close to closing time, but I was very happy I stopped in. I do look forward to stopping by again when I'm in the area.Since I havent tried any other bbq in Phoenix, I really can't compare honey bears to anything else. But overall, I was pretty satisfied.
4	Good place for when the bbq craving hits.
4	Had a Groupon for this place, and I'm glad I went. Although the sides were okay, the ribs were just how I like them, tender and not quite falling off the bone. The sauce was good and plenty of it. I'd recommend this place to anyone who hasn't found decent ribs in Phoenix (and they're hard to find!).
4	Had lunch here twice now and their BBQ sandwichs are very taste but definetly messy. First time I tried pork and this time I tried the chicken. Both were good. I recommend this if your in the mood for BBQ. I'm still dying to try their ribs but I don't think I could eat that much for lunch. The one thing I don't care for is their soda product. They have RC Cola! This is the only place I know that does'nt have coke or pepsi,, so I guess they are behind the times in the beverage department. But if your looking for good BBQ you should definetly try this place. Just make sure you grab some napkins!!
4	I used to go to the location on EVB; been going to Honey Bear's since the early 90's...Love Honey Bears; it's great they are in Central PHX (closer to me now); I see they have Greens on the menu (but, they were out yesterday)...Will be back; for the Fried Chicken (on Wednesdays) & some Greens...Also, wish they had Fried Green Tomatoes...
3	I thought they were a little stingy with they BBQ sauce, and the buns were sub-par. Still the flavors were good and I really liked the sweet potato fries.
1	Terrible at epic porportions.  A crime against BBQ.  As a Southerner, I wish to bring a class action suit aginst this place for claiming to "put some South in your mouth" on the sign out front.  The ribs were dry, flavorless and covered in some type of runny sauce that was essentially a watered down ketchup.  The Mac and Cheese side was basically Kraft from a box.  The cole slaw had a nice black pepper flavor and I actually liked that.  The place is a dive, service rude and the bathroom filthy.  To top it all off, I went here with a Yelp check in offer of $2 off if you spend $10.  well, the cashier had never heard of Yelp before and had to go talk to someone for quite some time (holding up the line) before granting the discount.  Then, the cash register only gave a $1 discount.  To make matters even more aggrevating, the recepit claimed I got the $2 Tuesday discount but clearly only took $1 off the bill.  So, in addition to being unable to serve good food or clean the establishment, they stink at math too.  I've been in Phoenix only one day on a business trip, but surely there is at least some type of "real" BBQ in the town.  Guess I'll stick to Mexican food this trip.Trust me...if you have even like BBQ a little bit, stay away from this place.  Your taste buds and self esteem will thank you.
4	Consistency.That's what I love most about Honey Bears.I'll disagree that "you don't need no teeth", but I will say that the chicken is juicy, the beans are incredible, and the hot sausage is amazing. Your sweet heat vinegar bbq sauce is delicious. Your service is fast, and you serve some off-brand sodas on tap, which makes me smile everytime.But every time I have had a meal here, it has been tasty. Have I had better BBQ? Yes. However, your location and consistent experiences have kept me a fan. Smoke your ribs longer, please.
4	It may look like a fast food joint on the outside but this place is local Arizona BBQ at it's tastiest. I ordered the 1/2 lb. pork rib dinner ($11.49) which came with two sides. They ran out of collard greens so I settled for two corn cobs.With the ribs and corn my face and fingers are super messy from the sauce. Good thing I'm eating alone. The ribs were super delicious! I wanted to cover every bite in their BBQ sauce. It was that good. The sauce was slightly tangy with just the right amount of sweetness. Honey Bear's calls it Tennessee BBQ, but here in Phoenix it's oh so good.
5	The best in Phoenix !!SImply the Best BBQ anywhere!!!!!!
3	Good, not great.  I don't really know how else to describe Honey Bear's.  If you are craving BBQ and are in Central Phoenix, I say stop by.  Expect your sandwich to have a little too much sauce and service to fall slightly below your expectations.  I've been a few times before, and I'll be back a few times more, but you're more likely to find me at Stacey's.
4	Pulled pork and coleslaw was AWESOME!  Corn on the cob was terrible.  Sauce for dipping pork was tasty!  Pretty rude guy behind the counter... SUCKED...  He looked like he wanted to punch someone out!  He didn't really say anything rude, but I deffinetly felt like I was WASTING his time.  I will go back for sure.  They are about to update the table tops! ;o)
2	This used to be my favorite, but lately the pulled pork hasn't been as good.  I tried the hot links, but not good at all.  Love the beans and the sauce.
4	Good eats.  My food was just short of epic.  The beef sandwich was delicious and the pork ribs were fantastic.  The ribs are not skimpy on the meat and it comes right off the bone.  Loved the sauce, very tangy and has a good kick.I arrived just before the lunch crowd began to pick up.  Looks like it can get a bit hectic when large crowds come due to all the people swarmed around the small counter ordering and picking up their meals.
4	It has been about two years since I last came to Honey Bear's. The last few time I had visited, I felt like the portions were a little skimpy for the price I was paying. However that all changed when I brought my dad for a late lunch/early dinner. We order the full slab with potatoe salad and beans. Man when we got home, the plate was packed with ribs. So much so that the two of us sharing was not a problem. I am not a fan of potatoe salad, however I will admit that theres was quite tasty! The bbw sauce was better than I remember and although my dad enjoyed the sauce, he makes his own and just had to say there's is good but mine is still better. SMH!. They have revamped the menu to make it a little more affordable and they seemed to have up there portions a tad. Way too go. My dad enjoyed one Phoenix's hometown spots. Good job! I will be back again soon for rib tip Friday's!
5	We're from the San Francisco Bay Area visiting the Phoenix area.One of our regular stops is to the Honey Bear BBQ (done this for years).....and it's always the same: great tasting BBQ and friendly service.  We now have all of our friends come here on their visits to Phoenix and they share the same sentiments.
3	Got a family meal deal for home consumption.  Two slabs of ribs had plenty of meat on them (not baby back, but pork), came chopped up.  Two adults and 2 kids, despite gorging ourselves, only ate about 75%.  Their sauce is frankly exceptional.But the sides... well... sucked.The corn was watery (they must soak in hot water for a day or two).  The potato salad, while having the skin of red potatos and being pretty decent, had a strong dill taste that I liked but I couldn't get kids or wife to enjoy.  The rolls aren't good... but most aren't at these kinds of places.What pissed me off the most was that they forgot one of the sides... mac and cheese.Anyway, here's what i got out of the deal.. I will come back for the ribs.  And WILL absolutely come back for the sauce.  In fact, I may just come get a tub of sauce and BBQ my own ribs if I'm not feeling particularly lazy.  Meat = GoodSides = BadSauce = Exceptional (5 Stars)Enjoy!
5	Favorite BBQ ever! Absolutely love the sauce, I'd bathe in it if I could.Get the pork ribs with a side of fries and mac m cheese. Just be sure to eat the fries while they're hot.
5	This place is da bomb!  This is my go to place whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Great food, great prices, great staff.  And the portions are huge so you'll never leave here hungry.  I've had the ribs, beans, sweet potato fries, and sweet potato pie and they are all great.  Now they just need to open a location in Los Angeles...
4	Only Eastern North Carolina BBQ gets five stars, but for Phoenix this is really good. I stopped here for dinner after work and before an appointment. I got there at a good time, because a line formed after I got my food. I enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich, and the mac 'n' cheese was creamy with just a touch of pepper that added a bit of zap. The sauce on the sandwich was good as well. I wish they had a pulled BBQ plate option with a couple of sides, but I didn't see that (unless I missed it). The sandwich was good, though -- I'll be back!
2	I really want to like this place because the food is pretty good and they have vintage soda brands, but they make it pretty tough. My two biggest issues are the price and the employees. If you want a sandwich, side, and a drink you will be paying $12-$15. It's not a "sit-down" restaurant, and the prices are absurd for the portion size and quality that you get. It's not that it isn't good- it's that it is not worth the price. Problem #2 is the staff- they make you feel like you are inconveniencing them by placing your order and giving them money. I think I asked about what came on a sandwich and I received a long sigh and one finger pointed up to the menu, but the menu doesn't tell you...that's why people ask questions. I don't need a deep conversation or anything, but respect the people the are keeping you in business.There is better BBQ in the valley at a much better price, this place is popular because of its location.
3	Went last week to get their catfish and the size of the fish was literally half the size it used to be, and for the same price. It was still yummy, but disappointed.
4	Zing Zing Zing!! Honey Bear's BBQ is my go to BBQ spot in downtown phoenix.  Meal of choice: is the pulled chicken sandwich, coleslaw, and tall RC Cola. I usually eat my sandwich open face with lots of sauce. Luckily, they always have a kettle of warm and zingy BBQ sauce available for the dine in guests. Beyond the BBQ being spot on the sides always seem to be just as delicious. Coleslaw, Mac n Cheese, Potato Salad, Sweet Potato Fries, etc............My only qualm as of recently is it seems they have changed the coleslaw a bit. They made the portion larger which is awesome! But it's got some new things in it and I didn't enjoy it as much as usual. Bring back the old stuff!!
1	Need better phone service attempted to place a call-in order but didn't get anyone to answer after calling 2-3 times, pathetic.
2	Food was good but service was less than stellar. We came to the counter and clerk didn't acknowledge us, he just stood there. We ordered to eat in.  About 10 minutes went by and no food.  We looked up at the counter and the food had come out and was sitting up there- no attempt to call out that it was ready or, heaven forbid since we were the only table in the place, they would bring it out to us.Another order came up and there was one other person in the place..they yelled out the order was ready this time. Woman was out of it and didn't go pick up the food. They called it out 2 more times..she was 5 feet away and the only person..they couldn't walk it out to her? Not impressed.
5	Always get the shredded pork to go with coleslaw and beans to make my own BBQ salad at home. Geat BBQ 25cent wing night on Mondays..grilled!
4	Honey Bear. What a great name. I wish I would have named my first son Honey Bear, or Cornbread J-Cool...something sick like that. I think that's where going into labor fucks most women up. They're all like..."Oh yeah baby, I'm down with Luciano or Vincenzo if its a boy... sooo very Italian." That's in the nine months preceding birth. Have a little chat with her after she delivers...it's a whole new ball game.Now it's all, "My son isn't going to have a name that sounds like some greaseball mobster, WTF is the matter with you anyway?"Wow.I don't know how I went down that road. I WAS going to tell you about Honey Bear's but I guess I'm still pissed my first born was named Dan. Anyway, the food here is pretty tasty. I like it because you can order meat by the pound which is all I ever do. I order eight ounces of barbecued beef, no bun and a glass of water..it's around eight bucks.The service is super fast too, consuming about fifteen minutes of your lunch hour if you wolf your shit like I do. Their sauce is flavorful too, you'll want to slather a boatload on your beef...kind of sweet and slightly spicy...good tang. And speaking of good tang, what better way to finish off the remainder of your lunch hour than by going to Band Aid's show lounge...just a block away on 7th and Virginia?A lunch hour chocked with tang.The fantasy of what heights your son may have aspired to had you gotten your way...naming him Cornbread.And crop-dusting that empty cubicle with some major beef and beer farts around mid afternoon...sending that evil co-worker of yours into a catatonic funk upon her return from the ladies room.Now that's what I'm talking about.
3	you really don't need no teeth to eat their meatribs are good. meat, tender, hanging off the bones, smothered with sweet BBQ sauce. beans taste similar to the sauce, sans meat. coleslaw is also good, but pretty standard. this type of food is great when life is on your mind
2	Service: I asked the clerk what would be a good meal for a family of four. He gave his recommendation and I went with it. Got the meal home and we only have 1 mac and cheese, 1 potato salad 5 rolls. Now, this wasn't some big Styrofoam container. It was just enough for one person. The clerk seemed like it was a pain for him to answer some questions about the food that is keeping him employed. Food: It was ok. Not great, just okay. There wasn't anything that screamed "Have seconds!" The sauce is decent. Nothing spectacular. Overall, it was a 2 because nothing blew me away. I just made some ribs tonight on the grill and I thought they were better than Honey's. If you're craving bbq, then this will get you out of a pinch. But if you want the "Slap yo momma" type grub, then make an about face.
4	Best beans I've ever had and an excellent BBQ sauce!!  Rib tips and chicken were great.  Coleslaw and potato salad ok.
1	Despite the overall fair reviews I was pretty disappointed with this place. I've tried it 3 times and it keeps getting worse! Today I had the full order of ribs w/2 sides, coleslaw and sweet potato fries, (75 cents extra) and a beer, total was $30 w/tip.My coleslaw was pretty good, the fries were crispy but rather bland, (why didn't they season them?). But the big problem were the ribs. I have never had ribs that had the consistency of being boiled. That's right, "boiled", as in water!  (Or maybe they keep them soaked in water?). Either way they were almost inedible because my idea of ribs should be BBQ'd in a smoker and then I suppose reheated on a flame grill, right? But to be soggy, wet, fatty and without any real smoky flavor? Come on, for what I spent what a terrible value!By the way I left $1+ change in the tip cup when I placed my order at the counter and got my change but I didn't receive a thank you for it.Then I asked for some hot sauce or Tabasco to try to make my ribs palatable and they just ignored me. I could understand if I was rude or complaining but I was wasn't at all.Also the men's room wasn't too clean either. Sorry but after 3 strikes you're out, will never go back.
3	Pretty good BBQ for Phoenix!  I enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac 'n cheese...quite tasty!  The atmosphere is not very appealing and the advertising is quite cheesy, but guess it did make me laugh!
2	Stopped in last week for what I thought would be a trip down memory lane; a real genu-ine BBQ place here in downtown Phoenix. This place was so off-base it actually made me frown. Maybe I've flown too high. Real BBQ for me was from an old man everyone called "Knuckles" on the side of the road in South Carolina sitting in a lawn chair next to a smoker painted like a pig. I ordered the 1/2 lb. barbecue pork with two sides. I tried the mac and cheese as well as the cole slaw. The pork was tough and had no smoke flavor whatsoever. The mac and cheese was watery, to the point where I wanted to ask if they poured in water recently. The cole slaw was ok, just bland. The sauce was alright.I ordered a sweet tea because, come on, this is a barbecue place. The cashier told me they had RC products. No sweet tea? Get out of here.Rivers Cuomo the cashier overcharged me for almost twice my meal. I just left and didn't go back. It wasn't even worth getting my money back.
3	This is a good place to go if you want good (but not great) barbecue.  They had speedy service, which explains the very busy lunch crowd.
2	Finally some recent reviews that I actually agree with.  This place is low rung and it makes my own BBQ look amazing!  FYI ya'll the online order site does NOT WORK but it sure seems like it does.  That is until you get there and they sort of laugh about it not working....yeah, funny guys.  At least we didn't place the order for delivery!The sauce is just OK and the pulled pork is tasty but good Lord, what is going on with the slaw?  It tasted as if they made it with Crisco, no flavor but notably fattening.  The corn on the cob was a hot mushy mess and what happened to the white bread?  I have lived in the South so I'd like to think that I know good BBQ and this ain't it.I agree with Jane E. this place was pretty decent a few years back but now it's just a sweet potato fry away from disaster.
1	OMG what happened to this place?  We hadn't been here in awhile, but the brisket was overcooked and soupy.  The links had no taste except were very spicy.  If the brisket at Dallas and Austin airports rate an 8, then this is a definite one or two.  They say your first instincts are best; we first went into the Philly sub place next door that had Coke products and walked out.  Instead we had overcooked, tasteless brisket and RC soda and spent $30 for two.  I was even going save some for the dogs, but I wouldnt have enough padding for the explosion that would cause.   Thank God I have a good cigar to get the taste out!!!
1	The food sucks. Everything has a sickly sweet taste, mostly due to the cheap BBQ sauce they use. The ribs were mostly bone and gristle, hardly enough to feed a starving dog.
1	Thats not BBQ...its meat with BBQ sauce :(((
2	Not a fan of this location. Ordered the pork sandwich and the bread was stale. Van Buren location is much better.
1	Talk about weak sauce. This place has dry. Dri. Drei. Dryyyyyy Pulled pork!  And drowning it in their boring sauce does not help things. In fact, given that they use seemingly store bought hamburger buns, drowning it in sauce makes it nearly impossible to eat.  Very sad pulled pork sandwich.
3	Before hitting a Suns game I went to Honey Bear's last week with my brother-in-law, who grew up in Phoenix.  He says the place is an institution.  I liked it, but I liked the sides better than the BBQ itself.  I ordered the sandwich plus two ribs, a drink and a side for $14.49.  My sandwich was the pulled pork which was good but a bit dry.  A little extra BBQ sauce came in handy, although the sauce was - per my own personal preferences - a little too sweet, in need of some heat and a bit too orange in color.  The ribs were killer.  My side was cole slaw, which surprised my brother-in-law.  With all the great other choices, why would you order cole slaw, he wondered?  Because I love it , and the Honey Bear's slaw was great.  Fresh and delish.  I also "borrowed" his mac & cheese and his Cowbro Beans.  He thought the mac & cheese was rich - I slurped it up and practically licked the cup clean.  Fantastic.  Beans were ok but too meat-filled for my taste.  Was bummed they were out of corn on the cob but I loved the sides we had.Special thanks to the brother-in-law for the introduction.  I love cool local places like Honey Bear's BBQ!  I'd go back.
4	Good wholesome BBQ, but they were out of collard greens :-( The cornbread muffins weren't the best either, but the brisket and cowboy beans are worth coming for.
2	Average food that is way overpriced. For the price the portions were small the taste average and after sitting in the waiting room of a nearby hospital for days we were looking forward to some taste and comfort food. Not!!! old and dirty room, and not good home flavor.
4	Love the food, but all this type of food can get you a bit gassy. :-P
5	Deliciousness! Love the food!
4	Love the food here.
1	Boy was I disappointed and embarrassed. I had friends visiting from out of state, and I told them that Honey Bear's was the best bbq in town. We arrived Sunday night around 7pm. They were out of ribs...My friends ordered the rib and chicken combo. One substituted the rib tips for the ribs,  and the other friend ordered sliced beef. I ordered a half lb of pulled pork and two sides. They ended up "finding" some ribs for one of the orders, but there were obviously boiled or pressure-cooked and not slow smoked.. The chicken came out 10 minutes after the rest of the food, and it was also either microwaved or pressure cooked.. My food, (which was ordered a couple of minutes after theirs) took over 30 minutes to arrive.  I overheard them telling the people sitting behind me that they were out of almost everything..Then, to top it all off, we were overcharged.  We showed them a four square check in which was supposed to get me one free side, but I was still charged for both my sides. The cashier girl was new and obviously in WAY over her head. I was so embarrassed after raving about this place, to have it be so very bad...
2	Came in to order a barbecue feast to eat and watch game 7, however, there was not enough meat left in this joint to order a feast:(. The biggest disappointment is that I completed a huge order just to have another employee come from the kitchen and tell me, "Sorry we don't have x,y, and z." So since the bbq joint had no bbq, I ordered a hot link sandwich and left. The sandwich was average, the service was quasi-average, and the organization of this restaurant was well below average. I'm hesitant to return.
5	Excellent BBQ at excellent prices. Been driving passed this for months and finally stopped in with my girl and some friends. The pulled pork sandwich was about the best I've had in Phoenix. The sauce is good with a bit of spice. Clean environment, if not a little older. Definitely recommend.
5	I can't believe that there are ANY negative reviews of Honey Bear's!  I've been a customer for decades, having started when the owners and founders were smoking meat in a converted 50-gal. drum outside the original East Phoenix location.I now frequent the Central Ave. location and the food is still as good as it's always been.  If all that matters to you is ambiance, this is probably not the place for you. Honey Bear's is all about the food.Someone complained that the pork was too soggy.  Another that the pork was too dry.  HOW can it be both??  The pulled pork IS "soggy" because it's JUICY!  Honey Bear's pulled pork is to DIE for!Someone actually dissed the barbecue sauce!  I've been hitting barbecue joints from the Mississippi to all points west, and HB's sauce is hands-down the best I've ever found.  The only complaint I have is that when I tried to order the baby back ribs (the best thing that has ever been in my mouth), I was told that they are no longer carrying them but are now offering spare ribs.  So, I tried the spare ribs and, while they are good, they just don't compare to the baby backs.I had never tasted "collard greens", so I decided to try them.  Now I'm hooked.  Since I liked them so much at HB's, I ordered them when I went to Notorious P.I.G., another barbecue restaurant. I had to throw those away...they were loaded with vinegar.I will continue to buy the mouth watering pulled pork, pulled chicken, and collard greens from Honey Bear's even though I now live miles away (and right between two other BBQ restaurants).  And, for other HB's fans, "Deal Chicken" frequently offers coupons for Honey Bear's which cost $15 for $30 worth of food.  Beat THAT!
5	First introduced because they were serving food at a charity event I attended. I really liked the BBQ sandwich and I liked that they give back to the community so I decided to try them for lunch one day.  It was delish...and, they have yummy fries which they hadn't served at the event.  Since then, I've been back in with the family and small groups and ordered their party platters/dishes for events at my house and everyone has loved the food.  The staff is always helpful. The place is always clean. What more could you ask for?
4	This place is hot. Great BBQ, not so great Peach Cobbler and I wish I would have noticed the  sign for the catfish special before ordering.  The lady at the register is quick, brash and loud. Food is out fast, serve yourself BBQ sauce and grab a seat in the red-walled dining room.  It gets a bit loud in there between the voices and the TVs but the small space is well lit by windows on all three walls, over looking Central Ave. Try the catfish, and let me know how it is but skip the peach cobbler.
4	Great BBQ sandwich for a decent price. The side of beans are amazing,  as are the sweet potato fries! Definitely will be returning.
3	The barbecue chicken is delicious. I only gave it three stars because they only serve it on Fridays. Bummer.
4	Bought a groupon for this place.  $10 for $20 worth of food.  Went on a Saturday morning and it wasn't too busy.I ordered the half rack of ribs ($13.99) which came with six rib bones and two sides (I got sweet potato fries and coleslaw).  The ribs were tender and the fries were delicious.  The coleslaw, eaten by my fiance, was just okay.  He got the pulled pork sandwich ($5.99) and enjoyed it.  It was messy but good he said.  We shared a drink and wound up only having an additional $4 and change to pay on our bill.This was a yummy lunch and the groupon made it even more awesome.  Worth a visit!
1	I've been to this location more times than I could ever count. It has always been my "go to"! But $10 for a combo meal?! HOOOLY MOLY prices have gone up and absolutely nothing has changed!!! I truly cant believe how bad this place has become over the years. The young cashier girl was so rude. She was almost annoyed that we were coming in- to spend $24 on lunch! The peach cobbler was TERRIBLE. I had to scrap the bottom of the crock pot thing to get some extra BBQ sauce... I'm SO disappointed. Every time I go in it just gets worse and worse. There are so many other wonderful places to eat in downtown Phoenix. Honey Bears, you're just making it easier and easier to get else where.
4	We stumbled upon this place completely by accident. We were driving around the area trying to find a spot to eat. I'm glad we ended up in the complete wrong place looking for something else. The BBQ was pretty good but in my opinion the best part were the sweet potatoe tater tots. They were perfect. They were crispy but not overly done and nice and sweet. The staff were very friendly and I dug the laid back atmosphere and the good eats.
3	My husband and I love the ribs and the pulled meat sandwich trio. Their BBQ sauce is great. My husband has told me that fridays are rib tip day but they are always out when we get there. My negative would be that we Sally do to go orders and three times they've messed it up and that they're always out f rib tips on Friday.
1	This place barely earned a one star! Went here on a groupon recently, it'd been years since we ate here.  I Remember it being pretty good then. Let me sum it up: we ordered the 9.95 (sandwich, side & drink combo) the beef was burnt dry, the sauce reminded of a grade up from Arby sauce & the fries tasted stale. I Thought I was being  negative but my husband who's not too picky complained more than me. To top it off, we were charged extra for a side we didn't order when we presented this to the cashier she swore we ordered it, we didn't! She finally gave us 1/2 a refund saying we didn't get tax back because of groupon..... huh???? Our original order came to 18.00 the groupon was for 20. Whatever!   We're never going back!!
5	Great BBQ, Sauce is great, Cole slaw is good, no complaints for me. It's a BBQ shack, so anybody expecting frills will be greatly disappointed. It's all about the food and that is great.
1	I have lived in Phoenix for 20 years, have always heard good things about Honey Bears, and have meant to try their Q for a long time.  Greatly, greatly, disappointed!I went there on a Saturday a little over one month ago.  I ordered a slab of ribs, beans, slaw, and sweet potato pie to go [wanted peach cobbler, but they were out].  I was really looking forward to some good ribs.  I arrived to pick-up my order and there was a line of three parties ahead of me at the cash register.  No big deal until the sassy young lady at the register spent 15 minutes talking and checking out the first person in line.  While I stood getting frustrated from waiting so long to just pick up food, the second and third parties in front of me left because they too were tired of waiting.  When it was finally my turn, I mentioned to the young lady, "do you realize that two parties in front of me walked out because they were tired of waiting"?  When I said this, an older lady that appeared to be the manager stopped dead in her tracks as she was walking by.  She asked the young lady at the cash register what was going on.  The young lady stated that I told her two parties had just walked out because they were tired of waiting.  The manager said, "oh" and went on about her business like it was no big deal.  When I paid my bill, the young lady stated, "your food is over there," pointing to the other end of the counter about 6 feet away.  I asked if there was extra sauce with my meal and she told me extra sauce is always included with ribs.  I get home with my order and am ready to chow down on some ribs and the first thing I notice is there is no extra sauce with my meal as I was told.  I opened up the plate of ribs and was quite surprised when I took a bite.  I think these ribs may have been walked past the smoker at some point, but that is about all.  No smokey flavor, no smokey color, just a big disappointment.  The beans were very good, the slaw appeared to be a premade product, and the potato pie was o.k.  However, I really wanted the cobbler they had on the menu but were out of.  I admit that I am a BBQ junkie and have high expectations of such food.  But I had heard such high reviews of Honey Bears and these ribs were so bad.  I honestly ate half of the slab and tossed the rest in the trash.  I paid ~$30 dollars for this single meal and was insulted by the treatment of their staff.  I will never walk through their door again...
3	This place was ok , I'm not a BBQ fan but I've had better. I'd go here again if the bf wants to go but otherwise I'll pass. 3 stars cause they have Big Red and Rc soda fountain drinks !! Can't find that anywhere! And friendly employes :)
4	Great BBQ and sides.  The beans are fantastic, with bits of hot links/sausage. Kinda pricey, but most BBQ places are, and this one is worth it.Their catering is great too.  My office has ordered from Honey Bears several times over the years, and it's consistently good.
4	We have used several Groupons for this location and enjoyed it both times!  The first time we ordered two different meals and neither of us came close to finishing the whole meal.  The second time we learned and ordered the Rib and Chicken plate ~ $19 and shared it (with plenty left over still!).  Also on the second go around it was cool enough to sit outside and enjoy the view! Traffic and people watching is great from the outside spot.  Overall: A-Not a bad deal if you grab a deal and want a night out.
2	Their claim of so tender that you don't need teeth to eat it is wrong...that pulled pork was tough n dry...the BBQ sauce was hot, mildly spicy but not sweet or thick...good size servings, the sides of coleslaw n Mac n cheese were good but the meat left something to be desired...if you ever go to lock harts in tax, you'd say the same thing ....oh and the ladies room need to be renovated..
4	I always thought this was the first Honey Bears on the scene. Turns out it is not. IT is still a great one though. I know it has been here for as long as I can remember. It is a cool place and not a bad location at all.It smells really good when you walk inside.They give you a lot of food for your order. No doubt about that.I had the Chicken,BBQ. I do not love Chicken. But, this was pretty good I have to say.We got some to go as well. The Cole Slaw was pretty tasty as well ,and seemed really fresh.I like the sause here,you can even get it to go. Meaning that you can buy bottles of it to take home.Parking is around the back and a little tight. But, I like anything that is old Phoenix and this is it!
2	The downtown location has turned into a dump!!!  Waited 1 hr for a beef sandwich.  People actually applauded when they called their order.  All trash cans were full and stacked with plates.  Sauce container was empty with plastic forks at the bottom that had fallen in.  The food was sloppy and they had a bunch of teenagers running the business.  The filth was gross!!  I used to be a fan but now I'm taking 1 yr off before I return!!
1	Went to central ave location. Dry pulled pork,you NEED teeth to try to eat it,rubbery,bun was soaked on the bottom with? Won't go back,waste of money,tables were dirty too.
4	Really good traditional BBQ. Very casual restaurant. Counter service and reasonable prices. Highly recommend.
4	love this place!!! the wait is long and the cashier is slow!!! there is one worker which i think is the owners son he has long hair he is awesome! he helped us get our food faster! but the other cashier was so slow!!! but besides the wait it is an amazing place the pork BBQ sandwich was Delicious and so was the coleslaw.
1	Came in on a Saturday evening to answer a pregnancy craving for the wife. Placed order at 5:41 and didn't get our order until after 7. The BBQ isn't that amazing especially compared to other places in the valley. While we were there three people elected to get refunds rather than wait for their order to be filled. When they asked for an explanation regarding the wait the guy up front shrugged his shoulders and apologized. Again it's not mind blowing food and will definitely look elsewhere for BBQ before coming here in the future.
1	last weekend after some shopping my wife and I decided to get some bbq and since we where near downtown phoenix decided to stop at HONEY BEARS BBQ  what a mistake, do these people even know what barbecue is, if you plan on goin there you better pack a lunch bag the wait for your mediocre bbq is ridiculous and the people that work there seemed like they all had a bad day, there is a sign that says for you to check your order before you leave when we did some food was missing it took 3 of the employees to agree that our order was not complete so we had to wait longer to get our whole order, will we go back "HELL NO" you can try it if you like crappy food
4	Great barbecue! Had pulled pork sandwich, ribs, mac & cheese, sweet potato tater tots and sweet potato pie. Everything was great! First time here and we'll be back! The sauce was sweet and tangy with a bite to it. Very tasty!!
1	First review but not the first time here.Originally came here because well I did enjoy the Van Buren location.  On a day that well, I wanted Quantity over Quality.... A point I will explore soon.Upon entering I had already referenced the other reviews of this location. Seemed about average so naturally i prepared myself to not be impressed.First things first.  The place was a bit of a mess (being gracious with my language). I understand it was at the end of their lunch rush but still... if your a staple of any city your image is very important so Tidy Up! Also there is nothing wrong with the idea of a remodel in certain areas like the bathroom and table area. *I almost always suggest an open kitchen for any eating establishment. I mean who wouldn't enjoy seeing my meats being cooked and smoked as I am contemplating my order at the register? right?Price... a bit overpriced for the QUALITY I received and even the QUANTITY was not what I expected for what I paid.Ordered the Pork sandwich meal with Sweet potato fries. Pork was dry and burnt, flavorless too, which I'm sure is easy to get away with since anyone who is in there usually sloshes their sandwiches in that BBQ sauce... not good enough for me or most foodies I'm sure. The fries where and had been frozen obviously, ughh.... like really? and to top it off they were also bland (doused them in BBQ sauce just like my sandwich to try to save them)My girlfriend and her mom had ordered the same thing. but with different sides. Her Mac n Cheese looked awfully fast food/michelina's of them. Also to top it off after being home for about an hour or so and even through the rest of the evening me and m'lady felt awfully sick (Not a surprise considering if you take a gander into the kitchen from the soda fountain it looks like quite a mess back there....)I will not be visiting again on my own account but also some people I lunch with are stuck in their ways. Id like to see a remodel, food quality improved to reflect proper pricing, CLEANLINESS (not just at my table when i have to clean it myself but in the KITCHEN) and well all those smiles people are saying they do not see there will come to the employees naturally. I see some obvious pride lost in the owners and employees alike.I never like to see a business fail. Especially one that has such a familiar name her in Phoenix. Best of luck to you guys.
3	Pulled pork...tasty!  Cole slaw...crispy and fresh. Value...well worth the reasonable prices.  The place is a dive and never seems too terribly clean to me.  But who cares if the food's good?  The kind of place I will return to when I'm cravin' bbq and don't feel like a lot of fuss but I hesitate to recommend to others.
4	We've been to HB BBQ a couple times thanks to Groupon, and I'm a big fan of the ribs.  The meat literally falls off the bone, and the sauce is excellent.  The second time we went we had the chicken and rib plate, which is how we'll probably do it from now on.  I'm not a fan of the sides, otherwise this place would have had 5 stars.  There's not a lot of seating, so going during major meal times can present a problem if you're planning to dine in.  Also, It doesn't look like they can seat large parties together...most of the tables only seat 4 people.Overall, the meats are excellent.  It is definitely a place I have and would continue to go back to.  I'd go more often, but they're not that close to where I live.
4	I just went here for dinner with my gf and a friend using a couple of Groupons we had. I've also had it recommended to me by a few people previously. Location: It's like any other place on Central- the location itself isn't that sketchy but everything around it is. The inside is a pretty standard Mom-and-Pop simple decor. Dining area was pretty clean and employees were walking around regularly to make sure it stayed that way. Trashcans had those annoying small-circle opening tops on them and made discarding your refuse without getting crud from previously discarded trash on your hands a task. Men's bathroom was cramped but clean. Food: I had the brisket, pulled pork, and Cowbro' beans. Brisket was alright; I've had better and I've had worse. It could've used a bit more smoking/more intense smoking but the sauce complemented it well. Pulled pork was good- about on par with any other decent pulled pork. It had a nice balance of flavor between the meat and smoke and was also complemented well by the sauce. The sauce is a low-viscosity variety with a great balance of sweet and spicy. The sweetness was just enough to draw out some extra meaty flavors in the brisket and pork without overpowering it. The spiciness was just enough to complement the other flavors, keep the taste-buds excited, but not too spicy by any means. The Cowbro' beans were actually pretty amazing. They seemed like a standard canned-base with other seasonings added, which made them taste infinitely better than canned. The beans also had chunks of smoked sausage in them, which I felt was a nice touch. The sausage had good flavor and a crisp casing. My girlfriend had a pulled pork sandwich, ribs, and mac n' cheese. She thought the ribs were "alright," a fairly standard rib. She enjoyed the mac n' cheese and was too full to touch the sandwich so it came home with us. My friend had the chicken sandwich, mac n' cheese, and peach cobbler. She thought the chicken sandwich tasted good but was a little dry (and it did look a bit dry from across the table). She thought the mac n' cheese was alright but that she'd had much better. She enjoyed the cobbler but felt the filling was oddly watery and regretted not ordering it a la mode. Staff: Friendly, attentive. Summary: If I'm in the mood for barbecue, it will certainly be on my list of places to go to if I happen to be in the mood to drive to Central.
4	Been wanting to try Honey Bear's for a while, was planning to go visit Town Talk ll. But since I start work at 5:00am, and take lunch around 10:00 - 10:30. Town Talk doesn't open until 11:00, and Honey Bear's opens at 10:00! Honey Bear's sits right next to another of my favorites(Best of Philly). When you walk in, there's a counter right in front of you. Menu is a little confusing, but just tell them what you want. Even though it was lunch, I had a half slab of pork ribs with potato salad. Their ribs are probably my second or third favorite ribs I have eaten. Ribs have a lot of meat, very good smoke taste, not the tenderest ribs I have had but nothing wrong with it. Potato salad was very good also, little different from what I am use to. Price wise is about what is expected for ribs. Half slab of ribs(meaty), potato salad, order of fries, plus a drink. for about $20.00Very happy with my meal, will diffidently come back.
1	I've always wanted to try this place, but after going here today for lunch it will be my last time. First of all, impression is everything to me. The cashier was rude and I'm not sure if she even knew how snappy and rude she was to everyone. Some of the workers didn't look too happy to be working today which totally messed up my mood. I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and it was moist but not seasoned. The cashier ruined my experience and management needs to check her attitude!Also, the volume on the radio needs to be turned down in the back. If you're waiting for your number to be called you can just forget about hearing them.
1	This is legit, I ordered combo #2 at 2:45 pm 3-1-14 and at 3:40 pm I had to walk to the counter and ask how much longer my food was going to be, the reply was 5 minutes there is one order ahead of you.NO "i am sorry for the wait, let me see whats taking so long." Nothing.I replied with you have three minutes or I want a refund. Well 5 goes by, Ok I want a refund. It took about another 5 minutes for him to get permission from his "manager" whom may or may not have even graduated high school. At this point I have been robbed 1 hour of my life, with no apologizes, with no interaction with management, or any  sense of customer service.  There would be a zero star here if i had the option. Absolutely yummy food, when properly serviced. I mean their was not one single resemblance of an adult in this establishment. Its like they all got high in the back and had no sense of time, or surroundings. I understand if you have a few new people that you are training. But WTF....Oh and on the way out some one told me calm down...Me calm down you robbed my of an hour of my life, made me hungrier than what i was, and told me to calm down. That is not how you deescalate a situation. Never again Honey bears will I treat you to my hard earned money. And frankly the gentleman before me should have been more furious than me, he called in his order and sandwich with whatever side, you handed him a bag with a side of sauce, no apologizes for him or any of your other LOYAL customers. Dam I am MAD.                                    Thanks for nothing,                                                        Augustina AKA ROBBED
1	This is just very bad bbq and poor service.   I have given it several chances and nothing has changed.   Will not be going back.
3	I recently ate some BBQ ribs and coleslaw, only to find out it came from Honey Bear's. I'm not sure if they changed recipes or cooks, but it certainly tasted better than it did in the past. There was more meat on the bone and the sauce wasn't overwhelming.
4	Very good bbq (conisdering I have high expectations being from Chicago). Loved the sauce. Just wasn't happy with the hot links, expected better. Overall, l liked it, will definitely be back next trip.
5	Awesome BBQ restaurant!I have been to Honey Bears many times and I will definitely be back. The BBQ is great and the service is good too. I recommend stopping by on a Friday for the fresh fried catfish. So good! You know the are making some crazy good food because the lines at there catering events are never ending! Pros- Great fresh BBQ- Good service- Original tastingCons- Wait times
3	Service could be a lot more better , couldn't tell who worked there or not since it looked like they just pulled in people off the street and asked them to work that day , well that's the feel i got when I glanced back into the kitchen . My boyfriend and I got 2 #1 which was a sandwich with one side and a drink , I got pork he got chicken , both were a bit dry until you added that sauce which was DELISH , as I walked up to the counter to grab our order to go , I noticed all the guys had gathered up front to , you guessed it , check me out right In front of my boyfriend. Other than that , our food was alright , nothing really stood out or caught my attention besides the BBQ sauce .
3	HB's is really good BBQ, sauce is a little spicy and delicious. The only rub is the staff. 9/10 times, they suck. Slow, rude and often gets orders wrong or not fresh.So, just to surmise, 4.5 on food when prepared correctly, 3/5 is probably what you are gonna get.
5	Good bbq and simple clean restaurant. The staffs is helpful and friendly I will definitely be back. Loved the pork ribs,,, sweet potato tater tots..and slaw
1	I was a Honey Bears fan for 20 years.  No more.  Will never visit again.Stopped off at the Central Ave. location after a Sunday D'bax game.  Not that crowded.  Ordered, paid, and waited.  And waited.  Noticed most other customers were waiting too.  They finally brought out an order - #131 - I had #143.  Another 10 minutes before #132 came out.  People started coming up to the counter wondering what was going on.  The cashier was dismissive - no explanation, no apology, nothing.50 (50!) minutes later my order finally arrived.  I didn't bother to complain knowing YELP is my best revenge.Maybe there was a managment change, but Honey Bears will never see me again.
1	decent bbq (gets waaaay more hype than it deserves really) that is hampered by the fact that i have gotten mediocre-to-bad service every time. i usually stick to only good reviews but this weekend was the last straw.brother and i went in saturday 041214 to use a Groupon and it was a hassle- if you don't want to deal with Groupons, you can always, y'know, NOT SIGN UP WITH THEM VOLUNTARILY. then we were told multiple different prices with the excuse 'uh, certain specials aren't allowed to be used'. well a) that isn't noted anywhere b) the items ordered were on the menu, not listed as 'special' c) they told us we had to order the full amount to get the discount, which is not how ANY Groupon deal i have used works (ie, the $20 credit wouldn't kick in until we ordered $20 worth of food. yeah, what? its a $20 credit! if we ordered $18, that means its all covered, not that we need to buy another side we didn't want!)on top of that, we only got half our order at first, my brother went to ask about his and was told he cancelled the other half of the order. the part that was paid for and on the receipt? at this point he was pretty annoyed and the on duty manager came out and was condescending and telling him to calm down. then was told that his order was being made fresh so it was gonna be awhile- only to have it come up right then. this trip didn't make sense and they didn't really seem to care. not really in a rush to go back ever at this point. your bbq is ok, but i can go to Astor House up the street and not deal with this kind of headache.i am not a bitchy, crabby person, i deal with the public all day and as such try to be understanding when situations come up and things take a while...but this is not an isolated incident and their attitude about it sucks.
1	This was my first time to this place and probably the last! When you walk in to any service business you expect a certain amount of kindness and professionalism. Well not here. we were met with a rude cashier who kept screaming NEXT as if there was no one in line. Next I saw all these signs telling you what you can't do in this place like do not dump anything in the soda dispenser drain and check your order before you leave and so on. Finally when we were able to place a order the extremely rude cashier seemed so irritated that we actually had the nerve to enter this place that she had no desire to even take our order or answer any questions that we had. The price was decent but on the expensive side, 20 dollars for 2 people without drinks. So we finally get our order and knowing that i have to check my bag because i read the sign that had it printed in BOLD letters, I noticed that I was missing my potato salad. So the rude cashier looks over and says WHAT. And I said I'm missing my potato salad so she opens the cooler and basically throws it at me with very good accuracy as if she has done this many times. So then my brother asked her if she missed his potato salad also and she screams out I DON'T KNOW CHECK YOUR BAG, As if she has somehow forgotten what she put in there 30 seconds ago. Bottom line food is good but it's not worth the effort you have to go through to get it. The staff is so bad that I will go out of my way to go somewhere else. The owners should be aware that the service of this place has gotten to the point that people won't even go there so they don't have to deal with the worst service they have ever had. In todays economy where people are choosing carefully where to spend their money you need to have something special and this place should put up a big sign that says:GO AWAY WE DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY!!!!!They will never get anymore of mine.
2	The sauce is good and they're always offering Groupons. I've tried their other food and its terrible. The fried chicken and catfish had absolutely no flavor. The bread is cold and soggy. The peach cobbler and mac and cheese were obviously microwaved (too hot in some spots, icy cold in others) and lacked flavor. If you're going for a pulled pork bbq sandwich with fries, you'll be fine. Anything else and you'll be really disappointed. Overall totally overrated.
1	The lady at the register mean... The wait was like they left to a different restaraunt to get out food...
2	I ordered a BBQ beef sandwich meal which also came with one side and a drink. I had the potato salad side dish which was served in a small styrofoam container. The potato salad ok but not spatacular. The sandwich was awful. The BBQ was cut in small pieces akin to pulled meat instead of slices. Then the doused the whole sandwich with BBQ sauce which made the bread became so soggy that one cannot even picked it up. I ate the sandwich with a fork instead. The BBQ was ok. It is not close to Texas or Kansas City BBQ.
5	Cannot find better BBQ.
4	Recommended by Sheraton hotel staff this was a welcome surprise. The BBQ was awesome , i had the chopped beef and it was great. The BBQ sauce was awesome, and the service was very friendly. A definite place to visit when in Pheonix
4	We got bbq sandwiches, brisket and pulled pork...I preferred the pork. The potato salad,  beans, and fries were all great! Would def go again. They were really friendly too even after we were indecisive and confusing at placing our order lol
1	We were starving and headed downtown for a concert and decided that BBQ ribs sounded great. I remembered that I had a an old groupon that I had bought so we decided to try it. When we first walked in it did seem a little ghetto but I know sometimes smaller places are better. We ordered a full slab Of pork ribs and 2 drinks. It came with 2 sides an with tax was about $30. My groupon was for $20 but was expired so I thought I would only get the amount I paid, $10. The only positive thing about our experience was that they honored my groupon for the full $20.The cashier was not polite at all, not wanting to even take my groupon at first. You could tell he didn't want to be working.  Another employee was sitting in plain sight eating a large plate with no manners and looking gross. I went to get some lemonade and it tasted like water so I dumped it out and got root beer. About 10 min after we sat down they called our number but only to say that they were out of ribs! The place had 2 customers on a Friday night and the special was rib tips..but they only had chicken! They offered an extra side but no change in the price... Then while we were eating I heard another customer who had come in long after us, being old that they were out of ribs and the customer was upset that he had already paid for ribs too! I don't understand why they were letting people order and pay for ribs when it was clear they knew that they knew they didn't have any! When we got our meal my husband took one bite and said he hated it. the chicken was dry, bbq sauce tasted like metal and the red potato salad seemed like the kind you get in bulk at a grocery store. The fries   Were ok so thats all he ate. I liked the bbq sauce but the chicken was super dry. our friend ordered a chicken sandwich an the bun fell apart as she picked it up. She took one bite and said it was gross and didn't eat any more of it. If we had to pay full price I would have made a big scene but because it was a groupon and were just trying a new place I let it go but we will never go again.
2	Third times a charm and don't plan on coming back. The counter help was extremely rude. The 1/4 I had looked like it came from the grocery store and drizzled with sauce. All 3 times that I have been here haves been the same. Rude staff and poor quality at the central avenue location pretty much decided that I will not return.
4	This place has really delicious BBQ. I would have given it a 5 if the chicken wasn't a little dry and the interior of the facility was a little neater and cleaner. I'm not saying it was dirty, it's just the trashy sign on the fountain drink saying not to put stuff in the drain. I also didn't like the "real" trash can being turned around so there's no access to the door and a large "kitchen" grey trash can sitting right beside it. All in all a good visit, but not a 5.
2	WOW!!!!  This place has really lost it's touch.  I remember the days when my friends and I would celebrate eating here. Now I doubt I will be back.I came here and experienced and witness some of the worst service.  What made it worse was the fact that my pork sandwhich was dry as hell.  The only reasons I am leaving 2 stars is because of the fond memories I had of honey bears back in the early 2000's and the fact that their sauce is still amazing. Other than that I won't be back.
1	Went there with my girlfriend for what I thought would be good bbq. She ordered the half chicken and I got a pulled pork sandwich.  Not only did her chicken come out pink and bleeding once but it happened twice. When I told them the first time the cashier said, "we usually have good food." So it's okay to serve bad food too? He asked how the chicken was when he was bringing in the chairs from outside and we said the same,  still pink and bleeding. All he said was oh okay and walked away. I didn't even eat my sandwich because if they couldn't cook chicken right why should I trust them to cook the pork correctly? When I went to the front to talk with them they all disappeared.  Never would I think about going back and spend my money there again.
3	Came to Arizona for a little vacation, I wanted to try something different so we came here. This is a Family owned business it was very clean, we were greeted before we even walked in the door by the owner. (Not 100% he was the owner just assuming because he was opening the restaurant) the young man that took our order was nice in greeting us, he even gave my grandfather a free cup as a souvenir haha. Well he ordered a pulled pork sandwich which he loved and inhaled,  I ordered the sliders thinking they are small little sandwiches, I was so wrong these so called sliders were huge! I'm not complaining I was just shocked at how big and filled with meat they were! I was only able to finish one, the Pulled pork was really good. The sauce it self was a lil too tangy to my liking. My only advice would be to the young man behind the counter, Smile! I felt like I was a bother when I asked for a box and a bag to go. His face expression said it all..
3	I was a little disappointed in the bbq; it was a little dry on my visit. The hot links were delicious, but a little too spicy. Regular smoked sausage would be a VERY welcome option for those of us who would not like to burn off their tastebuds but enjoy a good porky item. The bbq sauce is very good, but could benefit with a touch more sweetness and less pepper flakes.Generally I love spicy food, but too spicy can be distracting and can sometimes send you to the bathroom repeatedly for a few days! LolNow, the good stuff. Mac and cheese can be heavenly, but the quality has been inconsistent over many visits. Some days, it is considerably less creamy and fresh than others. When its done right, I could make a meal of it. The potato salad is tangy, delicious, and the sides are a substantial, which is appreciated. I was sad to see they took off the delectable little corn muffins they had briefly on the menu :( good cornbread can be hard to find.Be careful not to back over other patrons in the parking lot! Its a little tight! Lol
4	Love their BBQ sauce! I pick up lots to bring back home whenever I visit AZ. Pull pork Bbq sandwhich is delicious. Corn bread is one of the best I've had. Service is a little slow. Wish they have businesses in Cali.
2	Ok I am conflicted  I previously said I would never go here again...EVER. because the service was horrendous.   My friend placed a phone order, we were told the order would be ready at 7:30 so that is when we showed up to pick it up, however they had not even started putting the order together.  The worker had me pay first.  When the order finally came  I was asked to go through the bag myself to ensure I had everything I hd ordered.  Remember I did not place the order.  Isn't it a given they would have my order written down?  The worker was not rude but he was indifferent.    What is the point of phone orders if your not going to prepare the order until the person arrives and pays?That said.  The food was REALLY good.   I just can't deal with bad service.
3	Honey Bear's BBQ has a few great BBQ options. For a Phoenix BBQ joint, it is top of line in quality. I can not say as much for the service or atmosphere.As far as basic BBQ menu options go, Honey Bear's is where it is at in Phoenix. I love their pulled pork sandwich and their sauce is fantastic. They have a great variety of sides to go along with it as well. I found their ribs meat to be delicious, however, it was pretty fatty at some parts. I have definitely had better elsewhere in the country.Honey Bear's would be a four star restaurant with a few steps in the right direction towards improving costumer service and the costumer's dining experience. First, get wait staff the goes around and ask costumers about how they are enjoying their meal and if they could get them anything else to make their meal more enjoyable. Then, remove the ads from the table and reinvest profits into the business.Pro-tip: Watch where you park so your car does not get towed. And be sure to check in on yelp to redeem your offer.
4	This place is good. Portions are of good size, sauce is a nice tangy vinegar style that works great on the pulled pork sandwiches. Beans are just ok, prices might be a smidge higher than they should be. But overall if you want some good BBQ for lunch this place is great.
4	I've been to both locations and its always a favorite of mine for BBQ. This is one of those nostalgic places to stop in Phoenix. Hot links are nice and spicy and the BBQ is tender with a semi sweet sauce.Don't let the exterior of either location fool you, just stop and enjoy the flavor!
5	I am from California and was on vacation with my boyfriend in AZ. On our way out of town we decided we were craving some BBQ and I found Honey Bears BBQ on Yelp so we decided to go!!Best BBQ ever, our food came out literally in about 2 minutes of ordering and my favorite was the Coleslaw. I've had lots of Coleslaw before and honestly this stuff is amazing. I even asked if they would ship some to us in California!! If you're looking for an inexpensive, fast and filling BBQ place, this is the spot to go!!
1	have not been there in a long time...the guy taking the order was in some other world.the amount of pork or chicken on the sandwich has been reduced to almost half.the drinks are watered down. and the prices are up. Me thinks I wont be back there.
1	Last night was my 5th time eating at this restaurant in the 10 years that I've   been a resident of Arizona. I knew from the previous 4 times that I probably would NOT enjoy it. I. WAS. RIGHT. It's as though they simply boil the meat, take it out of the water and pour sauce on it...really basic sauce at that. The Mac and Cheese reminded me of Kraft's stove top Mac and Cheese.  Apparently they're doing something right for somebody to stay business for this many years. Hell even I came back knowing I wouldn't like it. Maybe subconsciously I remembered how much you get for your money. I'll be having the second half for lunch today.
5	I am visiting from out of state and went here based only on Siri listing it when I asked for a BBQ restaurant. Btw, plenty of parking. When I entered, a pleasant gentleman was wiping tables and he greeted me with a smile and a pleasantness that clearly was natural. He helped me get a take-out menu and suggested several choices. A young man working there was also quite pleasant and I never saw anyone on their cell phone like I have so many times in other restaurants. My food came quickly, was hot, the order was correct, and most importantly, tasted delicious. I am glad I stopped there.
2	First time here.  I'll give credit where it's due, they have apparently been reading the reviews because the staff made an extra effort to be friendly and courteous. I had 2 bbq beef sandwiches because they were out of the pulled pork.  While eating my sandwiches I had the thought there should be laws enacted to constitute what restaurants can call bbq.  Boiled meat covered in BBQ sauce is NOT BBQ.  I grew up in the South, I've been to Memphis in May a couple of times, so my standards for BBQ are admittedly higher than average, but this was not even close to real BBQ.Was it decent food.  Sure.  Decent, at best.  Was it the reason I got an upset stomach a couple hours later, possibly.   I don't care about the old decor, dirty looking bathrooms or anything else, if the food was good I would go back.  It wasn't.
3	I have lived here for 16 years and have tried Honey Bears probably 20 times now.  Everyone raves about their barbecue but I can't say I agree.  The food has been consistently mediocre and the older lady that has been behind the counter for years, really does not seem to want your business.If you just want some ordinary barbecue and this is close, it's not bad but if you are looking for something exceptional, you wont find it here. And honestly, the attitude of the woman behind the counter just isn't worth it.
3	Overall they had some good options. I had the BBQ beef with sweet potato fries. It was ok, nothing to write home about but maybe a yelp review. The ribs looked good too. The prices did seem a litttle high for what you got. Oh! They did not have sweet tea. The only BBQ joint I've been to without sweet tea.
1	I'm really torn between 1 and 2 stars. I've had the ribs before and they were fantastic, but today was my first experience actually eating in. I was extremely under-impressed with the customer service skills of the lady at the register. She was short, and it was evident she was irritated when I paused to order a side. I didn't get my drink cup and had to go back to the counter and ask for it. She very impatiently and rudely (with an almost accusatory tone) asked me if I paid for a meal. Not how I wanted to be treated. When I got to the table to eat, my side wasn't in the bag, and my experience with the cashier was bad enough that I didn't bother going back again for fear of receiving her accusatory tone like with my drink cup. Needless to say, while I thoroughly enjoyed my pork sandwich, I will not be going back to this establishment. It was evident they were either short staffed, or someone forgot to order supplies, because they were out of different meats and sides. While I can understand these situations may be frustrating, it's not the customer's fault and they shouldn't have to deal with it in sub-par customer service.
2	well I went to honey b. and the staff was exactly how the other reviews portrayed them, looks like they are family business own so I will assume that they are brothers, the guy at the register was distracted w his cell phone and also short when I ask for substitute but thats ok, the food was ok nothing that I will refer friends over to go out their way but they are working on the customer service per comm. below and above so that is good.
3	I'd say 3 stars is pretty accurate. The 1/4 chicken and Mac n Cheese I had were decent.  Its average food.  The cashier needs to be nicer to customers. Overall, its alright, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
2	I used to love this place. The service was always so-so but the food rocked. Today I was running late downtown and starving. I stopped at 2:10 pm. I was not happy. My chicken was semi- warm. My fries were burnt so bad they crunched. If I wasn't in a hurry I would of asked to have new ones. All of this cost $11.36 with drink. Man what a let down. I am ok with cost if I get a good meal but this wasn't even close. Yuck! I hope this is just a fluke.
